THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND,

48 GEORGE III. 1808

LONDON:

Printed by His Majefty's Statute and Law Printers;

And fold by J. Bvtt£kwo*th, Law Booltfeller, in Fleet-flreet.

1808.

[Price 18s. to Boards.]

A

TABLE

Containing THE TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the SECOND Seffion of the FOURTH Parliament

OF THE

United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;

48 GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

i« AN Aft for regulating the HTuing and paying off of Exchequer ' Bills.	Page I

2.	An AA for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain ; and on Penfions and Offices in England; and for repealing so much of certain Afts as relate to certain Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling respectively on Offices and Penlions; and for re-granting the said Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling respectively, and the said other Duties, for thfe Sertice of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight;	6

3.	An Aft for empowering the Governor and Company of the Bank

of England to advance the Sum of Three Millions, towards the , Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.	31

4.	An Aft to authorize the advancing, for the publick Service, upon

certain Conditions, a Proportion of the Balance remaining in the Dank of England for Payment of Unclaimed Dividends, Annuities, and Lottery Prizes 5 and for regulating the Allowances to be paid for the Management of the National Debt.	33

5.	An Aft for repealing an Aft made in the Forty-feventh Year of His present Majedyy intituled, An A3 for suspending the Operation of an Ad of the Tbirty-ftxtb Tear of His present Majesty, for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of

England, and for other Purpofes in the said A3 mentioned, so far as relates to the Avoidance of Benefices by the Incumbents thereof having accepted augmented Curacies.	37

6.	An Aft to continue, until the End of this Seffion of Parlia-

ment, several Afts for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Majesty and the United States of America.	Ibid.

48 Geo. Ill*	a	7.	An

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

7.	An Aft for railing the Sum of Ten Millions five hundred thoufand

Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.	Page 38

8.	An Aft to amend an Aft of the Twenty-fifth Vear of His

‘ present Majesty, for better regulating the Office of the Treafurer

of His Majefty’s Navy.	Ibid.

9.	An Aft tor abolishing the Office of Surveyor of Subfidies and

Petty Cuftoms in the Port of London.	39

10.	An Aft to amend so much of an Aft, made in the Forty-

fixth Year of His present Majesty, for granting certain Dutii s on 'Spirit? made in Scotland, as relates to delivering up the Licences granted for distilling Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland, and for better preventing private Diftillation.	.	40

11.	An Aft for permitting the Importation of Goods from the

Fortuguefc,Territories on the Continent of South America^ in Por-tugnefe ships.	42

12.	An Aft to amend and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of

v March One thousand eight hundred and nine, so much of an Adt

of the Forty Seventh Year of His present Majesty as allows certain Bounties on Britifb Plantation Raw Sugar1 exported. '	43

13.	An Aft for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Vifcount

Lak?y and the two next Perfons to whom the Title of Vifcount Lake shall defeend, in consideration of the eminent Services of the late General Vifcount Lake.	44

14.	An Aft for the Regulation of His Majefty1# Royal Marine

Forces while on Shore.	45

15.	An Aft for punching Mutiny and Dcfertion ; and for the better

Payment of the Army and their Quarters.	Ibid.

16.	An Aft for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and nine, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain ; and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Duties imposed by an Aft of the last Seffion of Pari i a met1, t {hall be suspended.	51

17.	An Aft to continue, until the Twenty-fifth day of March One

thoufand eight hundred and nine, certain Afta for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and allowing Briti/h Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland ; and for warchoufing iu Ireland Rum or Spirits of tlte Briti/h Sugar Plantations.	Ibid.

I?. An Aft for amending and further continuing an Aft made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace. “	Ibid.

19.	An Aft to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March

One thousand eight, hundred and ten, an Aft made in the Forty-fixth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Malls, Yards, Bowfprits, and Timber, for Naval Purpofcs, from the Briti/h Colonies in North jlmcr'iea* Duty free.	52

20.	An Aft to continue uutil the Twenty-fifth Pay of March .One thousand eight hundred and ten, several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fifheries 5 to the Ad-miffion to Entry in Great Britain of Oil and Blubber of New* foundland taken by His Majefty*8 Subjefts carrying ou the Fifhery

from

(Publich Ge terai;) 48° GEO. III.

from and raiding in the said Iftawd ; and to the allowing the Importation of Fife from Newfoundland and the Coaft of Labrador, -	Page 5*

2/. An A A to empower the Commissioners appointed for diftri-buting the Money paid by the United States of America* to withdraw the fame from the Bank, and invest it in Exchequer Bills.	'	Ibid-

22.	An Aft for making perpetual several Laws relating to permit*

tiagthe Exportation of.Tobacco Pipe Clay from Great Britain to the Briti/b Sugar Colonies in the Wejl Indies; the Importa* tion of Salt from Europe into Quebec in America ; and the prohibiting of Foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets.	53

23.	An Aft to continue several Laws relating to the granting a

Boanty on the Importation into Great Britain of Hemp, and rough and undrefTed Flax, from His Majefty’s Colonies in America ; and to the more effectually encouraging the Manufacture of Flax pnd Cotton in Great Britain until the Twenty-fifth Day of March -One thousand eight hundred and ten ; and for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irijh Linens exported from Great Britain* and taking on the Duties on Importation into Great Britain, of Foreign Raw Linen Yams made of Flax, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven.	34.

24.	An Aft for further continuing, until Three Months after the •

Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Aft made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation into Great Britain, of Hides and other Articles in ~ Foreign Ships.	•	Ibid,

25.	An Aft tor farther continuing, until the. Twenty-fifth Day of

July One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Aft made in the Thirty-third Year of His-prefent Majesty, for rendering the Payment of.Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.	Ibid.

26.	An Aft for granting to His Majesty, until the End of the next

Seffion of Parliament, Duties of Cuftoms on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated, in furtherance of the Pro-vifions of certain Orders in Council.	Ibid.

27.	An Aft to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March

One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Aft of the Forty-firft Year of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland* and for permitting the Importation into Ireland* Duty free, of Corn and other- Provifions.	73

28.	An Aft for granting to His Majesty, until the End of the next Seffion of Parliament, certain Duties on the Exportation from Ireland of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated. 74

29.	An Aft to prohibit, until ,the End of the next Seffion of Parlia*

meat, the Exportation of Jefuits Bark and Cotton Wool from Inland.	\	8q

30.	An Aft to amend an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland* in

the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade of Ireland to and from the East Indies.	81

31.	An Aft to extend the Provifions of an Aft, made in thfe Forty-fifth Year of His present Majeity’s Reign, for preventing the counterfeiting of certain Silver Tokens to certain other Token? winch may be ifTued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of

a a	Ireland*

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

Ireland, and to promote the Circulation of the said lad-mentioned Tokens.	Page	83

32.	An Ad to permit certain Goods imported into Ireland to be

warehoused or Secured, without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being firll paid.	85

33.	An Ad to prohibit, until the End of the next Seflirm of Parliament, llie Exportation of Jeliiits Bark from Great Britain. 94

34.	An Ad to prohibit, ur.til the End of the next Siffion of Parliament, the Exportation of Cotton Wool from Great Britain.	95

35.	An Ad for imposing, until the End of the next Siffion of Parlia-

ment, a Duty on Cotton Wool, the Growth of the British Coionics, exported from Great Britain.	/ Ibid.

36.	A11 Ad for further continuing, until the Twenty-fourth Day of

June One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Ad of the Forty-fixth Year of His preient Majesty, for altering and amending several Laws relating to the' Duties of Excife upon Malt.	96

37.	An Ad for making valid certain Orders in Couneil, and-War-

rants of the Commiflioncrs of the Treasury, for the Entry and Warehoufing of certain Goods imported in Neutral Veffels, and for indemnifying all Perfons concerned therein ; for the remitting of Forfeitures m certain Cases; and for enabling His Majesty to allow, during the Continuance of Hoftilities, and until Two Months after the Commencement of the next Seffion of Parliament, the Importation of Goods from Countries from which the British Flag is exeluded, in any Veffels whatever.	Ibid.

38.	An Ad for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer

Bills. .	97

39.	An Ad for increasing the Rates of Subfiftence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on	quartering Soldiers.	98

40.	An Ad to indemnify such Perfons in the United Kingdom as

have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments ; and for extending the Times limited for those Purpofes respectively, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, and to permit such Perfons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the Firft' Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and nine.	Ibid.

41.	An Ad to repeal certain Duties of Excife in Ireland, and to

grant certain Stamp Duties in lieu thereof 5 and also certain other Stamp Duties; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland.	«	99

42.	An Ad to grant to His Majesty certain Duties and Taxes

in Ireland, in respect of Carriages, Dogs, Fire Hearths, Horles, Male Servants, and Windows, in lieu of former Duties and Taxes, in respect of the like	Articles.	112

43.	An Ad to fuspend, until the Eleventh Day of June One thousand, eight hundred and eight, the Payment of all Drawbacks on Spirits made or distilled in Great Britain or Ireland, and cx-

- ported from either Country to the other respectively.	124

44.	An Ad to prevent’the Exportation of Wool to Ireland before

Bond given for the due landing thereof.	.	125

45.	An Ad for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Charge of the Pay and

Cloathing

{Publick General,) 48° GEO. III.

CloatLing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts ‘Martial on Serjeant-Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied ; and for making Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers of the laid Militia during Peace.	Page	*	26

46.	An Aft for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing o( Xbe Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand r 1 "

47.	An Ad for quieting Pofleflions and confirming (frfeftive Titles

in Ireland, and limiting the Right of the Crown to sue in Manner therein mentioned ; and for the Relief of Incumbents in respect of Arrears due to the Crown during the Incumbency of their Pre-deceflbrs.	127

48.	An A & to enable His M.ij.'fty’s Pott-Matter. General of Ireland

to purchafe' Premifes for the Enlargement of the General Poll Office in the City of Dublin.	130

49.	An Aft for accelerating the making up, Examination, and Audit

of the Accounts of the Paymatter General of His Majefty’s Forces.	Ibid.

50.	An Adi to suspend the granting of Offices in Reversion, or for

joint Lives with Benefit of Survivorihip, for One Year after the palling of this Aft, and from thence until Six Weeks after the Commencement df the then	next	Seffion of Parliament.	134

Ji. An Aft for making Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while dif embodied. 135

52.	An Adi to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and nine, and amend so much of an Aft, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Yeaf3 of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant-Majors of the Militia of England* disembodied under an Aft of the fame Seffion of Parliament.	Ibid.

53.	An Aft for raising .the Sum of Three Millions by Exchequer

Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.	Ibid.

54.	An Aft for raising the Sum of One Million five hundred thoufand

Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.	Ibid.

55.	An Aft for repealing the Duties of Aflefled Taxes, and granting

new Duties in lieu thereof, and certain additional Duties to be consolidated therewith ; and also for repealing the Stamp Duties cn Game Certificates, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof, to be placed under the Management of the Commiffiouers for the Affairs of Taxes.	136

56.	An Aft for abolishing Fees received by Officers in the Service of the Cuftoms in the several Ports of Ireland* and for regulating the Hours of Attendance and the Number of Holidays to be observed by the said Officers and certain Officers of Excife, 177

57.	An Aft for increafmg the Duty on Coiks ready-made, imported

into Great Britain.	181

58.	An Aft for amending the Law with regard to the Courfe of Proceeding on Indiftments and Informations in the Court of King’s Bench in certain Cases; for authorizing the Execution in Scotland of certain Warrants issued for Offences committed in

hundred and eight.

aJ

England g

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

England; and for requiring Officers taking Bail in the King?* Suit to alfign the Bail-Bonds to the King.	Page 182

59.	An A61 for enabling His Majesty to fettle an Annuity on Her ‘ Royal Highnefs the Du chefs of Brunfivick IVolfenbuttcL	184

6c. An ACt for repealing an ACt pafTed in the First Year of King v James the First, intituled, An Aft concerning Tanner s, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the cutting of Leather ; j^nd also for repealing and amending certain Parts of several other ACts of Parliament relating thereto.	185

61.	An ACt to continue, until the End of the next Seffion of Par-

liament, an ACt of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for appointing Commiflioners to enquire into the publick Expenditure and the ConduCt of the publick Bufijiefs in the Military-Departments therein mentioned.	186

62.	An Act for the making perpetual several ACts for the better Col-' leCtion and Security of the Revenues of Cuftoms and Extife in

Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein ; and to make further Provifion for the Security of the said Revenues, and for the Execution of the several ACts relating thereto.	IbidL

63.	An Act to amend an ACt made in the Forty-feventh Year at

His present Majesty *s Reign for securing the Collection of the Duties on Auctions in Ireland.	>89

64.	An A£t to amend an ACt' made in the Forty-fixth Year of His

prefent Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of Volunteers from the Militia of Ireland.	190

65.	An ACt to make more effectual Provifion for the Building and

Rebuilding of Churches, Chapels, and Glebe Houses, and for the Purcnafe of Glebe Lands, Glebe Houses, and Impropria* tions, in Ireland.	193

66.	An ACt fot enforcing the Refidence of Spiritual Perfons on their

Benefices in Ireland.	201

67.	An ACt for granting an additional Duty on Copper imported

into Great Britain, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and from thence to the End of the then next Sclfion of Parliament.	207

68.	An ACt for extending the Bounty now payable on Pilchards

exported to the Wejl Indies dr Mediterranean to Pilchards exported to any Parts beyond the	Seas.	208

69.	An ACt.to permit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One

thoufand eight hundred and ten, Sugar and Coffee to be exported from His Majefty’s Colonies or Plantations to aiy Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Fintjlerre, and Corn to be imported from such Port and from the Coaftof Africa into the said Colonies and Plantations.	Ibid.

70.	An ACt to provide that British Ships which shall be captured

by the Enemy, and shall afterwards become the Property of Britifb Subjests, shall not be entitled to the Privilege of British Ships.	213

71.	An ACt to amend so much of Two ACts of this Seflion of Parliament, for carrying	into	Execution certain Orders in Couneil,

as relates to the Duties on Goods exported from the Ware-houfes in which they have been secured on Importation; and on pertain Prize Goods imported into Great Britain or Ireland. 214

(Publid General,) 48° GEO. III.

72.	An Ad for the Increafe and Prcfcrvation of Timber in Dean and Forefis,	Page	215

7j. An Ad to improve the I.and Revenue of the Crown in England* and also of His Majefty** Duchy of Laneajler.	217

74. An Ad for the better Colledion of the Duties on Malt made in Great Britain,	231

75- Aa Ad for providing suitable Interment in Church-yards or Parochial Burying Grounds in England, for such dead Human Bodies as may be call on Shore from the Sea, in Cafes of Wieck or otherwise.	243

76. An Ad for raising the Sum of Ten Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities.	247

77- An Ad to enable His Majesty to vest the Right of Appointment of Mailer of the Free School of Londonderry in the Cityand County of Londonderry* in the Bifliop of Derry for the Time being.	Ibid,

7$. An Ad to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Malt made in Ire-land, and upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland; and to allow certain Drawbacks	on the Exportation	thereof.	248	•

79. An Ad to amend the Two Ads for the collcdiug of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Ma!tiler.	254

8c. An Ad to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, and to amend several Ads for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into and exported from Irelandj and to grant new Duties on the Importation of Eafi India Sugar and Foreign Spirits; and to reduce the Duty	on Briti/b	Plantation	Coffee imported.	258

81.	An Ad to amend the several Ads for the regulating and fecuring

the Colledion of the Duty on Spirits distilled in Ireland.	Ilia,

82.	An Ad to make perpetual and to amend several Ads for the

better regulating the issuing and grauting of Permits and Certificates, for the Conveyance and Protcdion /of certain Excifcable Goods in Ireland.	„	266

83.	An Ad for raising the Sum of Seven hundred and fifty thou-fand Pounds by way of Annuities for the Service of Ireland, 270

$4. An Ad for amending and rendering more effectual an Ad, passed in the lall S&flion of Parliament, to make more effectual Provifion for the Prevention of Smuggling, and for regulating the Periods for cancelling and delivering up certain Bonds relating to the Revenue of Cuiiom8.	Ibid,

85.	An Ad to regulate the Trade between Great Britain and the

Uiiited States of rimerica until the End of the next Seffion of Parliament.	275

86.	An Ad to revive and continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of

Marqb One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Ad of the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majeffy, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Briti/b Fifheries.	Ibid,

87.	An Ad for repealing the Rates and Taxes taken by Jicenfed Hackney Coaclimen, and for eftablilhing others in lieu thereof 5 and for amending several Laws relating to Hackney Coaches. 276

88.	An Ad to re ft rain the Negotiation of Promiflbry Notes and

Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum in England.	281

89.	An Ad for enabling the Commiifioners appointed to examine

a 4	Accounts

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

Account* of Publick Expenditure in the Barrack Office, more speedily and effectually to investigate the said Accounts. Page 285

90.	An Aft to enable the Commissioners for auditing Publick Ac-

counts, and the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks, re-fpeftively, to fend and receive Letters and Packets on the Bufrnefs of their Offices free of Poftage.	287

91.	An Aft for enabling the Commissioners appointed to examine

Accounts of Pliblick Expenditures in the Wejl Indies, more speedily and effectually to investigate the said Accounts.	288

92.	An ACt to repeal so much of an Aft, made in the Forty-feventh

Year of His present Majesty, for charging the Sum of Twelve Millions two hundred thousand Pounds, raised for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One'thoufand eight hundred and seven, upon the Duties of Cuftoms ajid Excife granted to His Majesty, during the Continuance of the present War, as relates to Money issued for Charges of Management of Stock redeemed.	289

93.	An ACt to repeal so much of an ACt of the First Year of King

James the First, as relates to the Penalties on Shooting at Hares ; ' and also to repeal an ACt of the Third Year of King George the First, relating to Gamekeepers.	290

94.	An ACt for repealing so much of an ACt made in the Parliament

of Scotland, in the Fourth Seffion of the First Parliament of Queen Anne, intituled, Aft for preferring the Game, as relates to the Shooting of Hares.	291

95.	An ACt for continuing, until the First Day of Augujl One

thoufand eight hundred and eleven, an ACt of the Forty-fifth year of His present Majesty, for allowing, under certain Rcftric-tions, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm, or Cinders, to London and Westminster, by Inland Navigation.	Ibid.

96.	An ACt for the better Care and Maintenance of Lunaticks, I ~

97.	An ACt to enable *the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury,

to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.	304

98.	An ACt for letting to Farm the Duties on Horfes hired by the

Mile or Stage*to be used in trayelling, and on Horfes hired for a less Period of Time than Twenty-eight Days, for drawing Carriages used in travelling Poft, or otherwise, in Great Britain, and for better tzcuring the said Duties.	305

. 99. An /‘.ft for depositing Prize Goods liable to Duty in Ware-houfes under the Care of the Officers of the Cuftoms and. Excife, and for reducing Spirits condemned as Prize to a proper Strength, for Home Consumption.	312

100. An Aft for extending the Provlfions of an Aft made in the Forty-feventh Year of His present Majesty, so far as respects the Payment of Prize Money arising from Captures made by Foreign in Ccnjunftion with Britifb Ships, to Captures made by the Land Forces of Foreign States in Conjunction with the Briti/b. 315 joi. An Aft for extinguiihing the Right of Way over a Lane or Road leading across the Exercifing Ground in front of Chatham Lines, and for veiling the Soil thereof in His Majesty, His Heirs

Paupers or Criminals in England.

*nd Succeffors.

Ibid.

102. An /

tt

(Publick G:neralt) 48° GEO. III.

102.	An Ad for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Ad of this Seifion of Parliament, for granting to His Ma-jefty a Doty on Penfions and Offices in England; and an Aft made in die Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting aa Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and nicety-eight.	Eage 315

103.	Aa Ad for further extending the Provifions of several Ads,

for cftablilhing the Bank of Ireland; and for empowering the Go-veraoraod Company of thefaid Bank, to advance the Sum of One Million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, Irijh Currency, towards the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.	'	»	317

104.	An A d for the better Regulation of Pilots, and of the Pilotage

of Ships and VefTels navigating the British Seas.	324

105.	An Ad to authorize His Majcfly, until the Twenty-fifth

Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and. from the Cafe of Good Hope.	354

106.	An Ad to remedy the Inconvenience which has arisen, and

may arise, from the Expiration of Ads, before the palling of Ads to continue the fame.	IbitL

toy. An Ad to enable the Secretary at War to enforce the making of Returns from Clerks of Subdivilious, and others, in relation to Fines, Half Bounties, and Refidues of Sums due under certain Ads relating to the Defence of the Realm, for the Purpofe of directing the Diftributiou thereof to the Perfons entitled thereto-	355

108.	An Ad for carrying into complete Execution and Effed certain

Provifions contained in an Ad passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for making Compenfation to the Patentee Officers of the Pleas Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland,,, as far as respects the Compenfation to John MlClintock9 and William Fojler MiClintoch9 Esquires, Patentee Officers of the Office of Serjeant at Arms of the said Court of Exchequer.	357

109.	An Ad to regulate the Trade between Great Britain and the

Portuguefe Territories, on the Continent of South America*	IbidL

110.	An Ad for the further Encouragement and better Regulation

of the British White Herring Filhery, until the iFirft Day of June One thousand eight hundred and .thirteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.	360

in. An Ad for enabling His Majesty to eftablilh a permanent Local Militia Force, under certain Reftridions, for the Defence of the Realm. .	387

112.	An Ad for railing the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds

by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.	412

113.	An Ad to empower Grand Juries in Ireland, (or Perfons ap-

pointed by them,) to fell or exchange Ground that has been occupied by old Court Houses, Gaols, or County Infirmaries, and the Materials thereon.	IbidI

114.	An Ad for railing the Sum of Six Millions, by Exchequer

Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thouland eight hundred and eight.	413

115.	rill

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

115.	An A 61 to grant to His Majesty Countervailing Duties on Spirits imported into IreLnd from Scotland; and to allow Equivalent Drawbacks on Spirits exported from Ireland to Scotland. Page 413

116.	An A 61 for granting to His Majesty Rates of Poftage on the

Conveyance of Letters and Packets to and from the I (land of Madeira, and to and from the Poriugueft Territories on the Continent of South America.	414

ii 7. A11 A 61 for repealing the Duties upon Silks painted and Raide d, and for granting oilier Duties in lieu thereof.	4*.	5

118.	An A6t to prohibit the Diftillation of Spirits from Corn or

Grain," for a limite d Time.	4	6

119.	An Act lor regulating the charging of the Duty on Spirits

imported into Great Britain, accoiding to the Strength thereof.'	417

120.	An A6t for reducing the Excifc Duties on Coffee imported

into Great Britain, and for directing that Coffee and Cocoa warehoused ihall be fubjcCt to the Regulations* of an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for permitting certain Goods imported to be secured in Warehouics.	418

121 An Act for reducing the Duty of Cuftoms on Coffee imported into Great Britain when taken out of Warehuufe for Home Con-fumption.	420

122.	An Act for veiling nil Edates and Property occupied for the Barrack Service in the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks ; and for granting certain Powers to the said Commissioners. 42 r

123.	An Act for the Discharge of Debtors in Execution for Small Debts, from Imprisonment in certain Cases.	423

124.	An A£t for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southern Wnala Fifhery.	425

125.	An A6t to permit the Importation of Rice, Grain; and Flour*

from any Foreign Colonies on the Continent of America into certain Ports in the West Indies, and to allow certain Articles to be imported from the United States of America into the British Provinces in North America, for the Purpofe of Exportation to the British I (lands in the West Indies.	lb'uL

126.	An Act to permit Goods secured in Warehoufes in the Port of

London to be removed to the Out-ports for Exportation to any Part of Europe, for empowering His Majesty to direct that Licences which His Majesty is authorized to grant under His Sign Manual may be granted by One of the Principal Secretaries of State ; and lor enabling His Majesty to permit the Exportation of Goods in Vcffi ls of less Burthen than are now allowed by Law, during the present Hoftilities, and until One Month after the Signature of the Preliminary Articles of Peace.	426

127.	An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in certain

Churches and Publick Chapels in which Banns had not usually been published before or at tnc Time of palling an Act made in the Tvvcnty-fixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of Clan-djiine Marriages.	428

128.	An Act to repeal so -much of an A6t, passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majeily* for regulating the Office of Paymaster-General, as* requires certain Accounts to be examined and fettled within certain Periods, by the Secretary at War, and eu-

• abling

(Publici Generali) 48° GEO. III. ‘

iUiff£ His Majesty to make Orders for examining and settling fuck dccoants.	'	'	Page'll	I

tig. An Ad to repeal so much of an Ad parted in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Aft to tale avjj the Benefit of Clergy from certain Offenders for Felony, as takes away the Benefit of Clergy from Perfons Healing privily from the Perfon of another; and for more effcdually preventing the Crime of Larceny from Jthe Perfon.	430

f$0. An Act for pieventing the various Frauds and Depredations committed on Merchants, Ship Owners, and Under Writers, fey Boatmen and others, within the Jurifdidion of the Cinque Ports; and also for remedying certain Dcfeds relative to the Adjuftment of Salvage, under a Statute made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne*	431

131.	An Ad for further continuing until the First Day* of May One thou fan d eight hundred and nine, an Ad of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for suspending Proceedings in A&ions and other Proceedings relating to the Yvroollen Manufacture. 443

132.	An Ad to extend the Provifions of an Ad, pafLd in the

Forty-fifth Year of His prefen t Majesty, forth? Encouragement of Seamen and better manning His Majefty’s Navy, to Cafes ariling in consequence of Hoftilities commenced since the palling of the said Ad.	Ibid*

133.	An Aft for enlarging the Times appointed for the first Meet-

ings of Commiflioner8 and other Perfons, for putting in Execution certain Ads of this Seflion of Parliament.	*	Ibid.

134.	An A£t to amend the Laws relating to the marking of Bags

and Pockets of Hops.	444

135.	An Ad to amend an Ad made in the Forty-fixth Year of His

prefent Majesty for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of an Ad made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His Majesty, to give further Time for the Payment, on the Conditions therein mentioned, of Inftalments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander Houjlon and Company to Charles AJhwell Esquire, and to William Johnjlone Esquire, being Perfons con-neded with and trading to the Ifiands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, so far as relates to the Real and Perfonal Edates of William Mac DoiualU James Mac Dowall, and Robert Houfion Rae, in the WeJ! Indies and elsewhere, except in Scotland.	445

136.	An Ad. to indemnify all Officers and Perfons who have carried

into Execution any of the Provifions of an Ad passed in this last Seflion of Parliament, for completing and increasing the Militia of Great Britain, in relation to the Militia of the Tower Ham-lets.	Ibid.

137.	An Ad to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Ad of the Forty-fixth Year of His present Majesty, for cor.folidating and rendering more effectual the several Ads for the Purchafe of Buildings and further Improvement of the Streets and Places near to Westminster Hall and the Two Houfes of Pailiament. 446

13S. An Ad for defining and regulating the Powers of the Com-miffion of Teinds, in augmenting and modifying the Stipends of the Clergy of Scotland.	44S

139. An Ad for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be railed t>y Lotteries.	45	a

240. An

X

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

liy. An Aft to grant to His Majesty Countervailing Duties on Spirit* imported into Ireland from Scotland; and to allow Equivalent Drawbacks on Spirits exported from Ireland to Scotland. Page 413

116. An Aft for granting to His Majesty Rates of Poftage on the Conveyance of Letters and Packets to and from the I (land of Madeira, and to and from the Poriuguefe Territories on the Continent of South America.	414

iiy. An Aft for repealing the Duties upon Silks painted aud Jlaiqccf, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.	4*	5

118.	An Aft to prohibit the Diftillation of Spirits from Cora or

Grain,* for a limited Time.	4	6

119.	An Act for regulating the charging of the Duty on Spirits imported into Gnat Britain, accoiding to the Strength there-

of.-	.	4'7

120.	An Aft for reducing the Excifc Duties on Coffee imported

into Great Britain, and for directing that Coffee and Cocoa ware-bouied shall be subject to the Regulations of an Act of the Forty-third Year of His prefeut Majesty, for permitting certain Goods imported to be secured in Warehouies.	418

121 An Aft for reducing the Duty of Cuftoms on Coffee imported into Great Britain when taken out of Warchuufe for Home Con-fumption.	4^0

122.	An Aft for veiling nil E dates and Property occupied for the Barrack Service in the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks ; and for granting certain Powers to the laid Conmiffioners. 42 1

123.	An Aft for the Difchargc of Debtors in Execution for Small Debts, from Imprifomnent iu certain Cafes.	423

124.	An Aft for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fifhery.	425

125.	An Aft to permit the Importation of Rice, Grain; and Flour,

from any Foreign Colonies on the Continent of America into certain Ports in the IVejl Indies, and to allow certain Articles to be imported from the United States of America into the British Provinces in North America, for the Purpofe of Exportation to the British I (lands in the Wejl Indies.	Ibid*

126.	An Aft to permit Goods secured in Warehoufes in the Port of

I.ondon to be removed to the Out-ports for Exportation to any Part of Europe, for empowering His Majesty to direft that Licences which His Majesty is authorized to grant under His Sign Manual may be granted by One of the Principal Secretaries of State ; arid for enabling His Majesty to permit the Exportation of Goods in Veffils of less Burthen than are now allowed by Law, during the present Hollilitics, and until One Month after the Signature of the Preliminary Articles of Peace.	426

127.	An Aft to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in certain

Chtirclies und Publick Chapels in which Banns had not usually been publiihed before or at the Time of pafling an Aft made in the Twcnty-fixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Gevigc the Second, intituled, An Ad for the better preventing of Clan-drjiine Marriages.	428

128.	An Aft to repeal so -much of an Aft, passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Office of Pay-11 jatler-Gcneral, as- requires certain Accounts to be examined and fettled within certain Periods, by the Secretary at War, and en-

* abling

(FuhBck General?) 48° GEO. HI. *

sibling HU Majesty to make Orders for examining and settling such Accounts.	'	Page	$2	S

129.	An Aft to repeal so much of an Aft pafTed in the Eighth

Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An AR to tale away the Benefit of Clergy from certain Offenders for Felony, as takes away the Benefit of Clergy from Perfons Healing privily from the Perfon of another; and foe .more effcftually presenting the Crime of Larceny from ,the Perfon.	430

130.	An A£fc for preventing the various Frauds and Depredations

committed on Merchants, Ship Owners, and Under Writers, Boatmen and others, within the Jurifdiftion of the Cinque Ports; and also for remedying certain Defers relative to the Adjuftmcnt of Salvage, under a Statute made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne,	431

131.	An Aft for further continuing until the First Day/ of May One thousand eight hundred and nine, an A 61 of the Forty-third Year of His prelent Majesty, for suspending Proceedings in Aftions and other Proceedings relating to the Vvroollen Manufafture. 443

132.	An Aft to extend the Provifions of an Aft, paffid in the

Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of Seamen and better manning His Majefty’s Navy, to Cales arising in consequence of Hoftilities commenced since the palling of the said Aft.	Ibid.

133.	An Aft for enlarging the Times appointed for the first Meet-

ings of Comraiffioners and other Perfons, for putting in Execution certain Afts of this Seflion of Parliament.	*	Ibid.

134.	An Aft to amend the Laws relating to the marking of Bags

and Pockets of Hops.	444

135.	An Aft to amend an Aft made in the Forty-fixth Year of His

prefent Majesty for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of an Aft made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His Majesty, to give further Time for the Payment, on the Conditions therein mentioned, of Inftalments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander Houjlon and Company to Charles AJhwell Esquire, and to JVilliam Johnfione Esquire, being Perfons con-nefted with and trading to the Iilands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, so far as relates to the Real and Perfonal E Hates of William Mac Do to all. James Mac Do wall, and Robert Houjlon Rae> in the Wefi Indies and elsewhere, except	in	Scotland.	445

136.	An Aft to indemnify all Officers and Perfons who have carried

into Execution any of the Provifions of an Aft passed in tlife last Seflion of Parliament, for completing and increasing the Militia of Great Britain, in relation to the Militia of the To wer Hamlets.	Ibid.

137.	An Aft to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Aft of the *

Forty-fixth Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating and rendering more effectual the several Afts for the Purchafe of Buildings and further Improvement of the Streets and Places near to IVefiminfier Hall and the Two Houfes of Pailiament.	446

138.	An Aft for defining and regulating the Powers of the Com-

miffion of Teinds, in augmenting and modifying the Stipends of the Clergy of Scotland.	44S	,

139.	An Aft for £ ranting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be

raifed "by Lotteries.	452

140.	An

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

140.	An Aft for'the more effcftual Adminiftration of the Office of a Juftice of the Peace, and for the more effcftual Prevention of Felonies within the Diltrift of Dublin Metropolis. Page 452

141.	An Aft to amend the Afts relating to the Duties of AfTefted

Taxes, and of the Tax upon the Profits of Property, Prosessions, Trades, and Offices, and to regulate the Affeflment and Colle&ion of the fame.	459

142.	An Aft for enabling* the Commifiioners for the Reduftion of

the National Debt, to grant Life Annuities.	475

143.	An Aft to repeal the Stamp Duties on Licences granted

by Justices of the Peace for felling Ale, Beer, and other Excifeablc Liquors by Retail; and for granting other Duties in lien' thereof.	518

144.	An Aft for the more effectual Proteftion of Oyfter Fifheries

and the Brood of Oyfters in England.	523

145.	An Aft for enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to the

Judges of the Court of Seffion, Juiticiaiy, and Exchequer in Scotland, upon the Refignation	of their Offices.	524

>46. An Aft for veiling the Stock of the Court of Seiiion in Scotland in Truflees, for the erecting Buildings for the better Accommodation of the College of Juftice, and a publick Gaol, in the City of Edinburgh, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.	526'

147.	An Aft to permit the Sale of the Danish Prize Ship Conjlaritta

Maria, and her Cargo, in the Port of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall.	528

148.	An Aft for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money

out of the Coniolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thou fan d eight hundred and eightand for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Selfion of Parliament.	Ibid,

149.	An Aft for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds, Law Pro-

ceedings, and other written or printed Inftniments, and the Duties on Legacies and Succeffions to Perfonal Eftate upon Inteftacies, now payable in Great Britain; and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof. .	535

150.	An Aft for enabling His Majesty to eftahlifh a permanent

Local Militia Force in Scotland, under certain Reftriftions, for the Defence of the Realm.	636

151.	An Aft concerning the Ad.niuiftration of Juftice in Scotland,

and concerning Appels to the House of Lords.	640

152.	An Aft for granting certain Duties on Worts or Wa(h made

from Sugar during the Prohibition of Diftillation from Corn or Grain in Great Britain*	647

LOCAL

(Local Perfenal)) 48° GEO. IIL

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED j OR HUNTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DEC:LARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

i, \N Aft to continue and amend an Aft of the

A ye

v __ _	Thirty-fecond

Tear of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Middleton in Teefdale, to the Gate in the new Inclofures, called The Edge, in the Parifli of $/, Andrew's Auckland, and a Branch t therefrom so Egglejlon Bridge, in the County of Dur~ ham.	Poge	658

ii. An Aft for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Aft of His present Majesty, for paving, clean(ing, lighting, and watching the Streets and Publick Paflages in the City of Winchejler, and several Parities in the Suburbs tliereof, and for .removing and preventing Nuifances therein.	Ibid*

tii. An Aft for amending and enlarging the PoWers of the feverat Afts relating to the Oxford Canal Navigation.	Ibid.

iv.	Aa Aft for continuing and amending Two Aftstof the Fifth

and Twenty-fcventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ilurf-Green to the Extent of the Parifh of Burwash, in the County of Siiffex.	"	Ibid.

v.	An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His

prefent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Scale Bridge to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk.	659

ri. An Aft for enclosing Lands in Chapel A Her ton, in the West Riding of the County of York.	Ibid.

vii.	An Aft for continuing the Term,* and enlarging the Powers of

Three Afts, for repairing the Road from Northallerton, through Thirji and Eqftigwold, to Burion Stone, near the City of York* and also the Road from Thirjk to Topdiffe, in the County of York.	Ibid.

viii.	An Aft to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Eaft

London Water Works to purchase certain other Water Works and to amend an Aft of the Forty-feventh Year of His present Majesty relating to the said East London Water Works.	Ibid.

ix.	An Aft for better afTefiing and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the Parifh of Saint Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and regulating the Poor thereof. Ibid.

x.	An Aft to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers

of Two Afts of His late and present Majesty for repairing the Roads from Hinckley to Melbourne Common, and other Roads in the said Afts mentioned, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby.	-	Ibid.

xi.	A a Aft for completing the Improvement of the Port of

Bri/loL	Ibid.

xii.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Eajington, in the

.North Riding of the County of York.	.	Ibid.

liii. An Aft for amending and enlarging the Powers of an A ft of Hi9 present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Barnjley Canal navigation* and certain Railways and other Roads to com*

a'	fnunicate

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

mmucate therewith; and for increasing the Rates, Tolls, and Duties thereby granted.	Pa660

xiv.	An Afct to continue several Adis fer granting a Duty of Two

Pennies Scots upon Ale and Beer brewed in the Town of <Aber~ brothocky in the County of Forfar.	»	Ibid*

xv.	An Adi for making and maintaining a Road from Leeds to Roust-

day hi the West hiding of the County of Toth*	IbidL

xvi.	An Adi for inciofmg Lands in the Townfhip of Mlneray in the

Parifh of Wrexham* in the County of Denbigh,	Ibid4

xvii.	An Adi for rcgif*'ing the Statute Labour, and repairing

the Highways and Bridges, in the County of Dumbarton*	Ibid*

*viii. An Adi for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Croydon Canal to complete the fame.	Ibid*

xix.	An Adi for continuing the Term of Two Adis of Hisprefent

Majefty, ;for amending the Road from the Town of Biddenden, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from djhford to Fever/baih% at Boundgatfy in the County of Kent*	Ibid*

xx.	An Adi for altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of an

Adi, of the Forty-fecond Year of His Majesty.’s Reign, as relates to building and maintaining a House of Corrcdiion in and for the City and County of Aberdeen*	Ibid*

xxi.	An Adi for better afielHng and collcdting the Poor and other

Rates, in the Parifh of Saint Mary Newington* ill the County of Surrey, and regulating the Poor thereof.	661

xxii.	An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Adi of King

William the Third, for erecting Hofpitals and Workhouses, in the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there.	Ibid*

xxiii.	An Adi for amending and rendering more effediual an Adi pafTed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Tid Saint Gilcsy and Newton in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and in Tid Saint Mary's in the County of Lincoln, and for adding thereto certain other Lands in Tid Saint Mary's afore-said, lying contiguous to the Lands deferibed in the said Adi. Ibid*

xxiv.	An Adi for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Turo Adis of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Barton JVaterfide House to Rifeham Hedge Corner, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Lincoln* Ibid*

xxv.	An Adi to continue the Term and alter ami enlarge the Powers of an Adi of His present Majesty, for making and repairing a Road from the West End of Gainjborough Bridge to East Retford and to Gringley-\tpon-ihe-Hill, in the County of Nottingham* Ibid*.

xxvi.	An Adi to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers

of Three Adis of His late and present ‘M«yefty, for repairing the Road from Tadcajler Bridge, within the County of the City of Tork, to a Place called Hobmoor Lane End*	Ibid*

' xxvii. An Adi for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging, the Powers of Two Adis of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley by Molefcnfty to Kendell House, and from Molefcroft to Bainton Balky in the County of York*	Ibid

xxviii. An Adi for,continuing the Term and altering the Powers of l'evcral Adis for repairing thg Road from Corlijk to Penrith*

and

X*

{T.ocaf & Ptrfonal,) 48° GEO. III.

and from Penrith to Eamont Bridge, in the County of Cum* behind,	*	Page 661

x\.i. A11 Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Aft# of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from New Chappel, in the-County of Surrey, to Dithchiling Bujl Hills, in the County of Sujpx ; and for amending the Road from Ditcbeling Bojl Kills to BrlghthAmfione, in the County of Snfsex, *	6C2

six. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two A etc, palled in the Seventh arid Eleventh Years*of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Spernal AJh, in the Cour.ty of Warwick, through Studley, to the Town, of Bit * minghaa.	Ibid.

xxxi. An Aft for making and maintaining a Road from the Workf* worth Turnpike Road, in the Ilamlet of Jde ridge hay, to the Town of Duffeld, in the County of Derby.	Ibid.

xxvii.	Aft to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Afts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cromfcrd Bridge to Langley Mill, in the County of Derby.	I bid.

xxxiii.	An Aft to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the

Powers, of Two Afts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Market Cross, in the Towidhip of Clitheroe, to Salford Bridge, in the Town of Blackburn. for diverting a Part of the said Road, and for making a Branch of Road to communicate with the BLckurn and Prfion Road, all in the County Palatine of Lane after.	Ibid.

xxxiv.	An Aft to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Afts of His present Majesty, so far as the time relate to the Two Diftrifts of Roads* therein deferibed, leading from High Bridges to Uttoxcter, and from Spath to the Halfway from thence to Hinging Bridge, in the County of Stafford, Ibid.

xxxv.	An Aft- for iocloling Lands in the Pariihes of Gay wood and

Mintlyn, in the County of Norfolk.	frid.

xxxvi.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Pariihes of Haleb am,

Stilling ton* and Shipley, in the County of Suffex*	Ibid,

xxxrii. An Aft to continue and amend Two Aft9 for repairing the Road From the Turnpike Road at IVrotham Heath in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godfione, in the County of Surrey.	Ibid,

xxxriii. An Aft to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of Two Afts, for repairing the Road from the Mansfield and CheficrfAJ Turnpike Road, to Bunt] 117field Nook, in the Comity of Derby ; and for making a new Road from Tupton Nether Green to Stubbing Edge Lane and Knot Cross,	in	the saul County.	663

xxxix. An Aft for incloOng Lands in the Pariihes of Great Wat-fingham. Little Walfingham, and Houghton nixt Waljingham, in the County of Norfolk,	Hid.

xl. An Aft to alter and amend an Aft, palled in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for draiuing, preserving, and improving certain Low Grounds and Carrs, in the several Pariihes of Saint John of Beverley and of Slidby, in the EaR Riding of the County of' York,	/bid.

xli. An Aft for building a Bridge over the river Nefi at Invert! J}, widening certain Streets, improving the prefeut Harbour, extend mg

j	the

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

the Royalty, supplying the Inhabitants with Water, regulating the Police, and lighting the Streets of the said Burgh. Page 663 *lii. An Aft for regulating the Police of the liarony of* Gorbals9 in the County of Lanerk; paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets and PafTages thereof, erecting a Bridewell or Worklioufe. therein, and for other Purpofes relating thereto.	Ibid*

xliii. An Aft for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts .within the Parifli of Manchejler$ in the County Palatine of Lancaster,	Ibid•

xliv. An Aft for the further Supply of the City and Suburbs of Glaf* gow and Places adjacent with Water.	664

xlv. An Aft for paving, cleansing, watching, lighting, and regulating the Streets, and other publick Places, within the Town of Ferntoy, in the County of Cork, and .for removing and preventing Nuifances and Obftruftions therein, and for eftabli filing a proper Police in the said Town.	Ibid*

xlvi. An Aft for making a Railway from or'near to the Town of Kilmarnock, in the County of Ayry to a Place called The Troon, in the said County.	Ibid*

xlvii. An Aft for the Improvement of the Harbour of Troony situate on the Weil Coaft of the County of Ayr.'	Ibid*

xlviii. An Aft for making a navigable Cut from the Eall Sidef of the River Tecs near Stockton into the said River near Portrack9 in the' County of Durham ; and making various other Improvements in the Navigation of the said River between the Town of Stockton and the Sea.	665

xlix. An A ft to amend and enlarge the Powers of the several,Afts relating to the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation. 666 I. An Aft for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundred of Codjhealh, and other Places therein mentioned, in the County of Kent.	Ibid*

li. An Aft for enlarging the Powers of an Aft of His present Ma-jeilv, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debt9 within the City of Rochijler, the Parifh of Stroodf and fevcral' other Pariflies and Places in the County of Kent.	»	Ibid*

lii. An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Afts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Maid]}one to Key Street, in the .County of Kent, Ibid, Iiii An Aft for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Three Afts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Kingjlon~upon-Hull, to and through the Town of slnjaby, and from thence to the Town of Kiri Ella, in the County of the said Town of Kinzfion-u0on~ Hull.	" Ibid.

liv. An Aft to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of an Aft for repairing the Road from Kinro/s9 in the County of Kin-rofiy to Alloa9 in the County of Clackmannan,	Ibid.

Iv. An Aft for repairing the Road from the Town of Athy9 in the County of Kildare, to the Town of Cafilecomer9 in the County of Kilkenny, and to the Town of Leighftn Bridge9 in the County of Carlow, and from the Town of Carlow to the said Town of CajVe comer.	1	Ibid,

lvi. An Aft to continue the Term,and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Thr«c Afts of His late and present Majesty,* for repairin^the

{Local & Per/onol,) 48° GEO. III.	XVH

*

* Road from Cheflerfield, in the County of Derby, to Wo rtf of, in the County of Nottingham, and other Roads in the said A ds men-* tioned, so far as the Tame relate to the Road from Cheflerfield to Workfdp.	Page 667

Ira. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Nottingham and*

Mansfield Turnpike, in the Liberty of BHdworthy to the Colliery* near Pinxton Greeny in the County of Nottingham.	** Ibid.

JraL An Ad for enlarging the Terra and Powers of Two Ads of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Workfopy b the County of Nottingham^ to Atterclisse, in the County of Tori. *	Ibid.

fix. An Ad for continuing and amending an Ad, palled in the Twenty-feventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Nottingham to the Town of Mansfield% in the County of Nottingham.	Ibid.

he. An Ad for amending an Ad, paflfed in the last Seflion of Parliament, for making and maintaining Roads from Percy*s Croft to Milfield Bum, and from Wooler to Bowfdon Burnf in the County* of Northumberland.	"	Ibid.

lxi. An Ad to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers 6f Two Ads, for repairing the Road from Tunbridge Welle, in the County of Kent, to Ringlet Crafty near UckJUldy in the County1 of Suffex.	Ibid.

Ixii. An Ad for taking down and rebuilding the Key Bridge across the river Avonf in the Borough of Tcivkejbury, in the County of Glouceftery and for making and forming convenient Roads thereto.	Ibid.

lxiii. An Ad for repairing the Road from Foflon Bridge, through the Town of Grantbam9 to the Divifion Stone on Witham Common, all in the County of Lincobiy and for repealing several Ads relating thereto.	668

Ixiv. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Macclesfield to Nether Tahley, in the County of Chefier9 and for making a new*

Road from Births to Macclesfield aforesaid.	Ibid.

lxv. An Ad for the more effeduatly repairing a certain Road called The Wailing Street Road, and other Roads therein mentioned* in the Counties of Salop	and	Stafford.	Ibid.'

lxvi. An Ad for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Ads of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Keyherry Bridge to the Paftage at Shalldonf. and from the said Bridge to the Pier or Harbour 9! Torquayy in the.

County of Devon.	Ibid•

Ixvii. An Ad for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging 1 the Powers, of Two several Ads of His late and prefect Majesty, for amending'the Road from Shrcnvjbury tp Wrcxhamy in the County of Denbigh, and from Wrexham to Chcjlery and federal other Roach therein mentioned, so far as respects the Chefhr Diftrid of the faid	Roads.	Ibid.

lxviiL An Ad for continuing the. Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of . Two Ads of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge Wettsy in the Cotfnty of Kent* to Swiftfden, and from Prant to Pojfingwrth Great Wood; and 4? Geo. III.	b	for

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

for. amending a.certain Piece'of Road, communicating with tfie said Roads.	Page 668

Ixix. An A61 for removing Doubts as to the Application of certain Surplus Monies paid for measuring, fearchingi and sealing Cloth, in the ^Veft Riding of*the County of Tori, under Two A6fcs of , His present Majesty.	.	Ibid.

ltx.sAn Aft to alter and amend an .Aft of the Thirty-firft Year ’ of His late Majesty, for the due making of Bread, to regulate the Pjrice andAflize thereof, and to punish Perfons who /hall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread, so far as the fame relates to the : Weighing of Bread to he baked and fold within the Weekly Bills • of Mortality,' ahd within Ten Miles of the Royal Exrhange* 669 lxxi.~ An Aft for repealing an Aft, made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for extending the Provifions of Two former Afts relating to the Ufe of Hotfe Hides in making Boots and

*	Shoes, and preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in ' the Flaying thereof^ and for making other Provifions in lieu

thereof.

lxxii. An Aft for vetting detached Parts of the fettled Eftates of the Right Honourable Thomas Lord he Dcfpcneer, in' the Cqunty of Kent, in him and his Heirs, and for fubftitilting and settling other Eftates of greater Value, and more convenient to be held with the Bulk of the /aid fettled Estates, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the fame. ‘	\	*	673

kxiii. An Aft tor vetting the detached-Estates, deviled by tho* Will of the late Henry Hervey Stylon, Esquire, in Truftees, upon Tmft to fell the lame, and to lay out’the hioney arilulg

*	from the Sale thereof in the Purchafe of other EiUtes.- Ibid* *lxxiv. An Aft for enabling John William Spicer, Esquire,' to gfent

Building Leafcs of Lands in the Parifii of Saint Mary Newington [ Butts, in the County of Surrey, for Terms of Years not exceeding ■ Ninety-nine Years.	Ibid*

fccxv. An,Aft for effeftuating an Exchange between Thomas William Coke, Esquire, and the Truftefes of his fettled Eftates.	Ibid*

IxxvL An Aft for vetting certain Manors, Rents, and Tythes', in the Counties of Wcjlmorland and Cumberland, Part of" the Eftates

*	.fettled by the Will’ of Sir Lyonel Wright Fletcher, Baronet,

deceased, in Truilees, to be fold, and to enable the Devifees under the fame Will to enfraiichife certain customary Eftates holden of several Manors, in the said Counties, fettled by the fame Will, and ; for applying Part of the Money arifitig from such Sales and . Enfranchifcments in paying off certain Legacies given by the said Will, and vetting the Remainder in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	Ibid*

kxvii'.An Aft for; enabling the Governor and Direftors of the * Hofpital for Poor French ProteHants and their Defcendants

*	raiding in Greiit Britain, to grant such Part of the Scite of the 1 B.iildings and the Lands belonging to the said Hqfpital, or fuch

Part thereof as they shall think proper, upon Building Leafcs. 674 wlxxViii. An Aft for inclufing Lands m the Manor of Kirkby /	honfdale,	in the County of JVeflmorland.	Ihidt

lxxix. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of Chipping Milton

* m^RilcbeJlcr9 in the County Palatine of Lantajlcr* .	Ibid,

(Local & Perfonal,) 48° GEO. III. .

Inoc. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parilhes of Bawdefwell and ling, in the County of Norfolk*' ^	Pag*	674

kin. An. Aft. for inclosing Lands in" the parish of' Scotter, in the County of Lincoln.	*	*	Ibid*

kuii. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Rothbury, in the County of Northumberland.	'	Ibid,

luxni. ‘ Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Abergele, in' the County of Denbigh.	Ibidt

k&xiV. An A61 for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Bodham, in the County of Norfolk. ’	•	/bid*

lx xxv. An Aft for dividing Lands in the Parifh of Wicklevuood, in the County of Norfolk1 Ibid] Ixxxvi. An Aft for forming, paving, and otherwifeimproving certain. Streets and other publick PafTages and Places, in the Parifh of Saint Pancraiy in the County of Middlesex.	IMd*

lxxxvii. A« Aft for lighting,.matching, and regulating the Streets and Lanes,' and other /publick .Paflsges and Places, in the Town of Beverley, in the County of Tori..	67	c

Ixxxviii. An Aft for the mdre easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the ’Hundreds^of dlfejlbury, Warmtnfler, Heytejbury, and Damerbajn South, in the.county of Wilts..	.	.	.	Ibid.

Ixxxix. An Aft for the better and more eafyidJuityHrig of. the Town of Chudletgh, in the County of Devon ; for determiningJ Difference* touching ftoufes demoliilied by the late Fire there; 4nd Tor preventing future Danger by Fire.	Ibid.

xc. An Aft to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers', • of Two Afts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Bottom of Church Lanefxn,the Town of Newajlle-under* Lyne, in the county of Stafford, to the Rhad from Woor\o Coffer* near Namptrv\chr in " the Cbiflity' oi'Ctifcff ai^AotheV; Ro^A therein hieutionedl,	* '* /’	‘‘V1 A!** J> fy*** '' Md*

xci. An Aft for continuing the Term,’apd sftisenhgv and % enlarging . the Powers, of an Aft of His present Mijeft^for repairing the Road from Rotlcfbani to The Four Lane Ende^ near" Worthy, inihe West Riding of the County of Tori*.v	’ ^ „ % /	Ibid*

icii-An Aft forjmaking and maintaining a Road from the Romford uod-Wbitcchafcl Road, to or near to Tilbury Fort, in the County of Effex*	~	Ibid.

JciiL An A ft for veiling in new Truflees certain Eftates and Property in Ireland, of the Right Honourable Walter Earl of Ormonde and OJfory in Ireland, and Baron Butler in England, which have hot been fold or^difpofed* of underand by virtue of Two Afts of Parliament, made in the Thirty-fifth and Forty-fifth Years of thh Reign of His present Majesty,	/	v	v	'	Ibid*

iciv. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the r Parifh of Slone, in the County of Stafford^ -	'*	‘	Ibid.

xcv. An Aft for inclosing [finds iij,tfre Parifhes of Mqrden, Sutton Saint Michael, Sutton’ Saint Nicholas i and Witifoghm, $n<d^ertaih Chapelries, Townships, and Parilhes adjacent thereto, in the County of Hereford. ' ’	^	*	/4A/.'

icri. An Aft .to enable the Commercial Jnfurance' Company of Dublin to sue, and be filed, in the Name of their Secretary? 6fS acvii. An Aft forWfciig more effeftual'Trovifiou* for*maintaining,

• * \r i	«...	itgulatingr

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

regulating, and employing the Poor of the Parith of Saint Lute* in the County of .  Middlesex.	Page 676

xcviit. An A dl for the more eafv and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parilhof djhton-undcr~I.yne^ in the County Palatine of Laneafier\ and within the Town ships of Stay ley, and other Places therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Cbc/ler. Ilid %cix. An Adi to enable the Company ot Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal t6 supply with Water the several Towns, Diftridls, and Places therein mentioned, and to amend the several Adi* relating to the said Canal.	Ibid*

c. An Adi for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Adis for repairing the Road from Saint Giles9s Pound to KilboUrne Bridge, and for making a new Road (tom the great Northern Road at IJlington to the jEdgeware Road near Paddington* in the County of Middle-fex.	Ibid.

cL An Adi'for making and maintaining a Road from the Bright-helmjloae Road at Pyecomhc to the Cnckfidd Road at Staphjield Common* and from Pyecombe to the Henfield Road at Poynings Common* in the County of Suffix.	IbidL

cii. An Adi for empowering Trullees to fell and convey the Freehold and Copyhold Eftates devised by the Will of John Crofter* Esquire, deceased, and to lay out the Money arising by the Sale thereof in tKe Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fame Ufes.	IbidL

ciiL An Adi for regulating the Proceedings in the Courts Iferoa of the Manors of Sheffield and Ecclefall* in the County of York. 677 civ. An Adi for rebuilding the Pier, and for improving the Harbour of Berwick-upQU»T<weed.	Ibid.

or* An Adi for continuing, altering, and enlarging the Powers of so much of an A& of His present Majesty, as (elates to making effectual the Statute Labour in the Shire of Inverne/s, and levying a Conversion of Money in lieu thereof, and otherwise regulating, making, and repairing Highways and Bridges in the said Shire.	Ibid.

cvi. An A£t to continue Two Adis of the Parliament of Ireland* for the Improvement of tire Harbour of Drogheda.	Ibid.

evii. An Adi for enabling the Justices of the Peace for the Eaftem Division pf the County of Suffix* to take do,wn the present Shire Hall or Seffions House in the Town of Lews* and for enabling them to build another Shire Hall or Seflions House in a more .	convenient Situation within the faid	Town.	Ibid.

cviii. An Adi for rendering more eftedlual an Adl of His present Majesty, for draining certain Lowlands lying on both Sides the River Witham, in the Countv of Lincoln ; and for restoring the Navigation of the said River from the High Bridge in the City of Lincoln* to the Sea. .	,	678

cix. An Adi to arpend and enlarge the Powers of an A&* palled in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts in the Town and County of the Town of Kingfton-upon-Hull.	Ibid.

cx< An A A for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town ship of Woherbhmpton, and in several Parifties and Places tlierein* mentioned, in the County of Stafford* Ibid*

Cxi. An

XIX

(Local fcf Perfonalj) 48* GEO. III.

/

cx\. An Ad for altering and amending an Ad of His prelent Ms* *fr, for building a Bridge over the River Thames at ilenley-upou-Homes, in the County of Oxford.	Pare	678

era. An Ad to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers <u Two Ads for repairing the Road from Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to and through Kelfo, in the Shire of Roxburgh, to the March-, krn.	679

cxie. An Ad for more effednally repairing and improving the Road leading from the Town of Stamford, to the jDivihon Stone in South Witbam, in the County of Lincoln.	Ibid%.

air. An Ad for continuing the Term of an Ad for repairing the Road from Merlin's Bridge to Pembroke Ferry, in the County of Pembroke.	Ibid.

civ. An Ad for effeding the Sale of certain Ettates deviled by the Will of the Right Honourable Edward late Lord Thvrlow, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sales in the Purchafe of other Ettates, and for settling, the fame to the Uf?& of h» Londfhip’t Will.	Ibid>

mi. An Ad for enabling the Matter, Warden, FcHtfwt, Brethren, Siliers, and Scholars of the College of God's Gift in Dulwich, in the County of Surrey, to grant a Leafe or Leafes of certain Ettates belonging to the fame Coliege, in the said Cbunty, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose; and also to grant Building Leafes of other Parts of the fame Ettates, and for other Purpofes tlierein-mentioned.	/ Ibid.

arii. An Ad for vetting certain Ettates in the Counties of War-. *nck, Middlesex, and Montgomery, late of the Right Hdnourable Robert Earl of Catherlougo, deceased, in Traftees, in Truft to be fold, and for invetting the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchafe of other Ettates, to be fettled to the subsisting Ufes of the Will of tne said Robert Earl of Catherlough, and for other Puipofes therein-mentioned. •	Ibid.

cxviii. An Ad for enabling the Truftees under the Will of William Banket, Esquire, dgpeaied, to change the Order of Sale' of %h^ Real Ettates, late of the said William Banket, and for enabling the Devifees under the Will of the said William Banket, to grant Leafes of such Part of his Ettates aB shall remain unfold; Ibid, tux. An Ad for vetting Part of the fettled and devised Ettates of Sir John William De la Pole, Baronet, deceased, in Truftees, for. Sale, and for settling the remaining Part of the said fettled and devised Ettates in the Manner therein mentioned*	Ibid.

cu. An Ad to enable the Truftees of the Will of Thomas Piter Legh, Esquire, deceased, to grant building and repairing Leafes of certain Ettates in the Parifh of Warrington, and in the Townfjup of Bhakley near Manchester, in the County of Lancafer, and to ac. cept Surrenders, and for appointing of new Truftees, and for other Purpofes*	680

exxi. An Ad for enlarging the Powers of an Ad made in the Firflf Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An A8 to perpetuate ana better regulate the Charitable Foundation of Do8or Nathaniel Foy, late Lord Bifitep of Water* ford and Lifmore, in the City of Waterford, and for other Pur* poses therein mentioned.	Ibid.

exxii. An Ad for appointing new Truftees for carrying into Execution the Trufts and Powers contained in the Settlement executed ,	b	3

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

' on the Marriage of John Amphlett Esquire, with Eliza 'Ann hia - Wife.	P*g*

cxxiii. An Aft toenable, Nathaniel Lee y/tfanEfqrtire, and others, to. grant Building Leafes of Lands at'and near Hackney % in the County’of Middhfcx, devised by the Will of the late1 Bapti/l Lee Efquire.v. »	' ■ • ♦ ' Had.

cxxiy.. An Aft for vexing the Share of Thomas Knight CooLvm Infant, of and in the Euates late of the Reverend Thomas Knight' Clerk, deceasea, in Truftees upon Trust, to carry the Contraft*

•	entered into for the Sale thereof into Execution, or otherwise to fell and dispose of the fame, and for inverting the Money to arise therefrom under the Direftion of the Court of Chancery in the Purchafe of other Lands to be conveyed to the Ufe of him the

*	laid Thomas Knight Cooky and his Heirs. .	Ibid:

exxv. An Aft for confirming and rendering valid and effeftudl ari Ex'-'

change made in the Year One thousand seven hundred and fixty-two,

•	between William Mellifh -Esquire, dcceased,: and*Charles Melltjh Esquire, his eldert Son,alfo deceased, and,the -Vicar of Blythy in

•	the County of Nottingham,'of Lands'and Hereditaments of the said William 'Melljjh arid 'Charles MelVtJhy in the Parifh of Blythy

*	for a small Part of the Glebe belonging to the said Vicarage. Ibid. exxvi. An Aft to enable John Holton Vtrey Devifee for his own

Life in JPorteflion of certain Freehold and Copyhold Eilates fituate

♦	at ’'or mear/A*urn in the Parifh of Hampjleady in the County of

•	mtddlefexy under and by virtue of the WHl and Codicil of Holton Vere late of Saint Martin's Laney in the said County of Middlrfexx Gentleman, deceased, to grant Building Leafes of the fame Eftates

#	for any Term not exceeding the Term of Ninety-nine Years: Ibid* exxviu.An Aft for enabling Sir Ofivald Mofley Baronet,»to gnint

*	certain;Lands and Hereditaments in the Parilh'of*Mdnchcftery in'the County- Palatine ‘ofduhncajlcr,' for,the* Purpdfes- of the „

*	Manchejler publjck Infirmary,’ -Difpenfary, Limatick Hdfpital, and Afylum, and for verting tlieProperty and Effefts belonging to the

*	faidCharity ijf Truft^eVfor the Benefit thereof.* *' •*	681

cxxviii. ^An'/AftVor/incldfing ’ Lands in the Parilh of IValdington, in . • * the County of- Oxford. \	’	;	-	,	4*.	.	Ibid.

cxxix.AnAft fen* inclofiug Lands in the Parifh of Hath erf age* in" the,

•“ Co\mty of ‘B&byf''	•'	-	-	Hid:

cxxxV An'Aft for allotting Lands in the Parifh of Chertfey and

Manor of Chertfey Beo'mondy in the County of Surrey.	Ibid.

Cxxxi. An Aft for inclosing Lands in that Part of the Parifh of Saint

*	Afaphy in the Counties of Flint and Denbighy which is not withiiV

*	the Franchife of Rhuddlan, in the said County of Flint. ' Ibid. cxxxit. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Horton, • in the

County of Stafford•	• '	Ibid

cxxxtii.'An!Aft for allotting and inclosing the Forert or Chafe*of

*	Charnwood, otherwise Charley Forert or Chafe an{l Rothley Plain,

> in thfe County'ofLeiceffer.'	. •	• -682T

exxfci'V An Aft for inclosing Lands in the several Manors of Kitiyjlqn-

upoh:Thames and Itnivorlh, othct&ife /rtihereourt, in the Countv of Surrey, and forTellktavPartof fucVLands for the Purpofe of providing' a Court -Hoiife and Market *Houfe for’ the faid

Town.	  Ibid.

CXxxv. An Aft for iriclofino Land! in the Parifh of Check ley, in the * County of Stafford.	‘	’ • ' - - •	;	Ibid.

•*	^	•	cxxxvw	An

{JLoeal Isf Ptrfinal,) 48® GEO. I1L

cuxvi. An Aft to amend Two Afts, so far as relate to fupplyinj? the City of Londonderry with Water, improving the Harbour of, the £nd City, and the Regulation of 'Pilots and Veffels uiing the fame; and for extending the Jurifdiftion of the Court held in tho said City for the Recovery of Small Debts. * •	Rage	($2

cxrxvii. An Aft for supplying: ^ith Water the inhabitants of the Borough of Colthejler, 4n the County-of EJex.	Ibid.

nxxviii. An Aft to^ continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Adis of His prefont Majessy, for amending the Road from near Milford, through Hajlcmere, to the Portfmoutb Road between, Lippocl and Rake, in the Counties of Surrey, Sujfexy and Southampton•	Ibid.

cxxxix. An A’ft for repairing _ the Roads from Tauernfpite to the Towns of Pembroke and Tenbyy and to Hubberjlon flaking, and from Lon?eJion Mountain to Canhfion Bridge, in the County of Pembroke.	683

cxl. An Aft for carrying into Execution an Agreement entered into-between the Honourable and Right Reverend James Lord Bilhop of Ely and John Tharp the Elder, of Chippenham Park, in the County of Cambridge, Esquire, for the Exchange of the Advtiw* fbn of the Reftory of Snailwell, in ' the County of Cambridgej Part of the Poffeflions of the See of Elvf for the Red^ory of Burgaie, in the County of Suffolk^ veiled in the said John Tharp.	Ibid.

cxli. An Aft for veiling the fettled Eftates of the Right Honourable, Philip Earl of HarHwicke, situate in the County of Gloucester, in Truftees, upon Trust, as to certain Parts which have been con* trafted to be (old, to convey the fame, to the respective Purchafers, and as to the Relidue, in Trull to fell the fame, and for inverting the Purchafe Monies under the Direftion of the High Court of Chaneery, in other Eftates to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the x fatneUfes.	Ibid;

cxlii. 'Ah Aft for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Afts, parted in the Thirty-fifth, Forty-fourth, and Forty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling the LordBHhop of London to grant a Lease, with Powers of Renewal, of Lands in the Parifh of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, for the Purpofe of building upon.	...	Ibid;

cxliii.* An Aft for verting in Truftees, the Pcrfonal Eft ate of the Reverend Richard Daniel, Mailer of Arts in the Univerfity of Dublin, and making-them a Corporation for the Purpofes of carrying into Elfeft the charitable Defigns and Intentions of the :\V ill of the said Richard Daniel,	Ihtdi	.

cxliv. An Aft -for yelling the * Fee Simple of the Eftates devised by the Will of\Edward CarefweU% Gentleman, deceased, in Truftees for the charitable Purpofes therein mentioned. -	Ibid.

cxlv. An Aft to amend Two Afts parted in Ireland, for the .better Education of Perfons professing the Roman Catholick Religion, and for the better Government of the Seminary established at Maynooth for the Education of such Perfons, so far as relates to the Purchafe of Lands and compounding Suits.	*	Ibid,

txlvi.' An Aft for supplying .the Town and Parilh of Woolwich, in the 1 County of Ke$t, with Water, and for amending so much of an Aft ot the last Seffion as relates to the Ereftion of a Market House jn the laid Town,	684

‘ *	cxlvii.	An	•

T!vc TITLES of the STATUTES,

cxlvii. An Adi for repairing the Road from Milford to Stain torn f' and to Merlin'* Bridge, and from thence to Carilet Bridge, and to '1 the Top of Merlin*s Hill, in. the County of Pembroke.	Page 684.

cxlviii. An Adt for inclofmg Lands in the Borough of Leomin/ler, in the County of Hereford^ and in the Townfhip of LuJlonf in the Parifh of £ye9 in the said County ; and for paving, and otherwise improving the Streets and other publick Places within the Town of Leominjler,	in	the	faid	County.	Ibid.

cxlix. An Adi for effc&uating an Exchange between the President and Scholars of Si. John Baptjfi Coliege, in the Univerfity of Oxford, and Cbriflopher Hull of Foot/cray, in the County of Kent» Efquire.	Ibid.

d. An Adi to confirm and render valid and effectual a Partition of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Carlow and Kildare, in Ireland, formerly the Lila tea of Jeffery Pawl Esquire, deceased.	Ibid.

cfi. An A A for veiling Part of the Eflates of Paulin Hugget* .an Infant, in Truflees, to be fold, and for applying the Money a riling therefrom	in	Part	Difcharge	of	certain	Incumbrances charged

thereon.	Ibid.

C&i. An Adi for inclosing .Lands' in the Parifh of Kirk Smtaton, in the West Riding of the	County of York.	Ibid.

cliii. An Adi for inclofirg Lands in the Borough and Parifh of Tcwkejbury9 in the County of GlouceJler9 and for vetting the After or Latter Math of a Meadow called Severn Ham, Within the laid Borough and	Parifh,	in Truflees	for	certain	Purpofes.	Ibid.

cliv. An Adi for exchanging Part of the fettled Eftates of the Right * Honourable Francis Earl of Moira, situate in England\ lor Part of the Eftates of the Right Honourable Flora Mure9 Countefs of Loudoun, his Wife, lituate in Scotland* including the Cattle of Loudoun.	685

dv. An Adi for vetting an Eftate called Killingwarth Farm, in the County of Northumberland, being an Eftate deviled by the Will of Thomas Bonnet Esquire, deceased, in Truflees, to be fold, y lor the Payment of Legacies, and for laying out the Rettdue of the Money in thePurchale of other Eftates to be fettled to the fame Ufcs.	Ibid.

clvi. An Adi for vetting in Samuel Robert Gauffen9 of North Mimmsp in the County of Hertford, Esquire, a Mefluage and Farm, with the Appurtenances, in North Mimms aforesaid, and for applying the Money to arise thereby in the Purchafe of other Eftates to he fettled to thefame Ufes as the Eftate fold.	Ibid.

clvii. An Adi to prevent the Right of Presentation to the Redtonr and Parifh Church of Stmonbvrn, in the County of Northumberland from lapfing for a limited Time.	Ibid.

LOCAL

(Local (jf Per/tnal. not printed^ 48* GEO. III.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

1.	AN Ad forinclofmg Land* in the Farifh of Atmeflty, in Ihm ^ County of Nottingham*

f /fnd for making Compenfation for Tithes*'] z. Ad AA for inclofmg Hands in the Town ship of Aldbrmsgk, in the County of York.

[And for making Compenfation for Titles-]

An Aft for melding Lands in the Manor of EJftngton, and Parifh of Bujkhnry, in the County of Stafford.

4.	An Aft for incloling Lands in the rarifb <of Hor It on, ia the County of Cambridge.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes

5.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Parifh of West Tarring, and the Precinfts thereof* m the County of Suffex.

6.	An Aft for veiling certain Lands belonging to the Right Honourable W'Matn Wyndham Lord Grenville, and Ann Batoneis Grenville» his Wife, and a Parfonage House to be built on the said Lands, in the Rector for the Time being of the united Pari (he* of Boconnoc and Brad dock, in the County of Cornwall, in Exchange for the Parfonage House of Boconnoc+ and certain Glebe Lands belonging to that Part of the said united Parifhes called Boconnoc.

7- An Aft for empowering the Judges of the Court of Seflion in Scot~ land to fell such Parts and Portions of the entailed Eftate of Cullean, and other Hereditaments, situated in the County of Ayr, which belonged to, and were entailed by David,' late Earl of CafftUis, deceased, as ihall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts coutrafted by him and his PredecefTors, Hill owing and affc&ing, or which may be made to affect the said entailed Ell ate ; and for creating a Fund for the Purchafe of other Lands and Heritages to be entailed in (ieu of the Parts and Portions so fold.

8.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Clophill, in the County of Bedford.

[And for making Compenfail n for Titles.]

9.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Manor of Fetherstone, in the Parifhes of Haltwbijlle and Lamley, in the County of Northumberland.

10.	An Aft. for inclofmg Lands in the Parifhes of Llangunnog and Uanjlepban, in the County of Carmarthen.

it. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of I fell, in the County of CumberlandL

* [And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

12.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Parifhes of livetjhall Saint Margaret, and Tivetjball Saint Mary, in the County of Norfolk.

13.	A a Aft for inclosing Lands in Orlingbury, in the County of Northampton.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes. ]

14.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in Irthlingborough, in the County of Northampton.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

15.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Townfhip of Quam, other-wife Quamdon, in the County of Derby.

16.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of Prome, Oakley, Thrandefton, Taxley, and Eye, in the County of Suffolk.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

17.	An A ft ‘for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Priorfdean and Cd$tur, utherwife Cclemort, in the County of Southampton.

m

tffee TitflES of the Stf ATtfTES,	8,1

'	*	.	fjcii

18.	Aft Aft to enable the Reverend Thomas )a Beckett, and hit Iffue 'f Mak'i to take die Name, and bear the Arms of Turner, puliiiant ‘. s to the Will of Martha Turner, Widowj'deceafed.

19.	An Aft for^naturalisingCharles Frederick* Pafchoud*:	,	.

4 b; An*. Act §>r crtipo^enng tlife Judges of the Court of Seflion V in Scotland to fell such Pacts of the entailed Eftatcs of Carbijloii . and JPitcairly', in * the Counties of Ayr and Fife* in Scotldtidr be-1 longing to James C4fheart, Esquire, as shall be iufficient for Payment of the Debts affecting the fame.

21. An Aft to amend an Aft of rfis. prefdnt Majesty for inclosing and draining Lands within the Honor, fylauor, and Parilh of. IVormegay, in the Coftnty of Norfolk.	tJ

ii.- An*Aft for indoling Lands in the Parifh of Luton, in the County of Bedford* .	.	’	1

2J^ An. Aft for inclosing North Heath Common, in the Parilh 6f Palbortotgh, in the County of Svffex*	1

*4*- An Aft for iifcloiiiig Lauds in the Parilh of Bredon, in the County of JVorceJler.

[ And for moling Compepfafton for Tithes.]	1

*J. An Aft to amend au Aft, made in the.Thirty-fixth Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parilh of Cartnud,

, *n the County Palatinfc of Lancajlen. „	■*

^6. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Townlhip of Eafingwold, in the Noitlv, Riding of the County of York.

[And for motif? Compcnfation for Tithes An Aft for incloling Lands in the Manor and Town ship of Carlton, in the Parilh of Cover ham% in the North Riding of the . County of Tori. ;

28.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the several Tow'nfhips or Liberties of Womborn, Orton, and Swindon, in the Parifii of fFom» lorn, in the County of Stafford.

29.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in Blifworth, in the County of Northampton.

[And for mating Compcnfation for Tithes.]

50. An Aft for inplofing Lands in the Parifh of SwinrJheaJ, in the County of Huntingdon.

[And for making Compcnfation for Tithes."]	’

31. .An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parilh oi Winterbourne Wajle» otherwise Monckion, in the County of JDorfet.

.32. An. Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifii of Winterbourne Abbas,

* in the County of Dorset.

33.	An Aft* for inclosing Lands in the Parilh of Hanlerton, in the . County of Wilts.

34.	An Aft for inclosing, and exonerating froift Tithes, Lands in the Parilhes of Strelleyywd Bilborougb, in the County of Nottingham.

[And for making Com/.t nfall on for Tithes f]

35.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parilh of Byford, in the . County of Hereford.

‘36. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Bolton, in the County of Wr/hnorAand* .	•

[And for making Compcnfation for Tithes'."] . »

37. An Aft for hicloling Lands in the Parilhes ol Cley next the Seaf and Field Dulling, in the County of Norfolk.

* 38. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the'Parifii of Harfingion, in the County of Bedford.

[And for making Compcnfation for Tithes.] -,30. An Aft to alter, amend, and explain an Aft of His prefent

(Lad 5s* Prrfmpli net printed,) 48° GEO/ IIIi

lor inclosing Lund? in the Parifh of Llandtnidtn, in the C.cirr of Carnarvon.

1: h Ad for incloiingLands in the Parifh of Chute% in the County :T:Ju.	\

a. ab AA for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of djhmanhaugh9 z ifce County of Norfolk*

& Aa Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Ncat\jhcady in lifCoaaty of Norfolk•	\

41 An A& for inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of north iVdlJbarA £; Felmingham^ in the County of Norfolk♦

An Ad for inclofing* Lands in the Parifh of Bifbopflronv* in the County of Wilts /. and also a Common' Patture, called Pitmeadj h the said Parifh, and the Parifhes of IVarminfer, Norton Bavant* ad Sutton Veny9 in the said County.

iy' An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Upton -cum - Chaheyt b the County of Buckingham.

£ An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of dflon Upthorpe% aid in the Parilh of yfjton lirrold, in the County of Berks,

4*. An Aft for inclosing Lands in Grtat Crogl'm% in the County J Cumberland.

i\ Aa Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of Clanton and Richland* in the County of Norfolk.	^

Ur An Aft for inclosing Lauds in the Parifh of Codford Saint, P:itr9 in the County of Wilts, yu An Aft for naturalizing John Henry $UiH*

51. An Aft for naturalizing John Frederick UJln.	c

tiAri Aft for inclosing Lands in the Towufliip of Saighton9 id ae County- Palatine of Chtfer. . ft An Aft for inclosing Hands in the Parifhes of Detrhufft and Lye, otherwise Leigh} in the County of Gloucester.	„ ,

[And for making CompetfatiotFfor Tithes^ f- „

Ji. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the- Townfhip. of LangforJ, iu the Counties of Berks and Oxford; or one of them.	^

ft An Aft for embanking the Salt Marfhes in' the Parilhc* of Friction and Butternvick, in the County of Lincoln, and for’in.i doling the fame, and other Lands within the said Parifhes [Andfor making Compenfation for. Tithes,^ j5. An Aft for vetting tKe fettled Eftates of John fngle and Margaret bis Wife, in Truttees to .be ft>Jd, and for laying out the Monies'thence arifmg in the Purehafe of other Eftates to* be . faded to the fame Ufes as the Eftates fold.	.	*

ft. An Aft for enabling the Heirs of Entail in PoffefSon for the Tune being of the Lands and Ettate.of Rath'etnurchur, in the County of Invemess, North Britain^ under, the Authority of the Court of Seflion, to contraft for the Side of the Fir Woods grouping (hereon, and for the better Execution and Fulfilment ‘of the Powers Conditions contained in the Deed of Entail affecting the said Landa'and Eft ate. 1	*

}S. An Aft for'altering and amending an Aft of,His present Majeftyi for inclosing Lands in the Towufliip of Fulbourny in the County of Cambridge.

jp. Aa Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of IVartfley, in the County of Huntingdon, and for allotting Lands jn the Pariflv of Gatdingaj* in the CJounty of Cambridget	;

fc. Ao Aft for allotting and dividing Lands in (he Parifh of Girton9 . »tfoCo*nty of Cambridge,	/

61. An

I

XtfSi	The TITLES of the STATUTES.

j	'

. 6l. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Town (Kip of Fylingdates, i the County of Tork.

62.	An Aft for incloling Lands in the Parifh of West Markhan in the County of Nottingham,

[And for making Compenfation for Tilhes.]

63.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Portcbester, other wife Por'chefer, in the County‘of Southampton

64* An Aft to alter and amend an Aft, palled in the Thirty-ferentli Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Mano: and Town ship of Hillam, in the Parifh of Monk Fryjlon, in tin West Riding of the County of Tork.

6j. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Manor or Parifh of'•Skeghy. in the County of Nottingham.

[Allotment to the King in Compenfation of his Title in right of thi Crown, to Herbage, Covqrt and Layer for bis Deer and Beqjh in his Foreft of Sherwood, over the Manor or Parifh of Skegby.J

66.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Tregrug, in the County of Monmouth,

67.	An Aft for allotting Lands in the Parifhes of Fulmodcfton with Croxton, Stibbard, Little Ryburgb, and Great Ry burgh, in the County of Norfolk.

68.	An Aft to amend an Aft of His present Majesty, for inclosing a certain Warren called Sherfeld Warren, in the Parifh of Sheffield Engli/b, in the County of Southampton,

69.	An Aft for naturalizing Albertina Haafe and Sophia Haafe,

70.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the rarifh of Gamfton, in the County of Nottingham,

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

71.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the several Parifhes of Llan-bedrog, LlanfihangeU Bachelleth, Llangian, and Llaniejlyn, in the County of Carnarvon.

72.	An Aft for vesting the Real, Freehold, arid Chattel Eftates and Lands, which formerly belonged to William Birmingham, late of Rofshill, in the County of Galway, Esquire, decedfed, in Truftees, to be fold for the Payment of his Debts and Legacies,

' and for laying out the Surplus of the Monies arifmg from such Sale or Sales, after Payment of such Debts and Legacies, in the Purchafe of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Ireland, to be limited and fettled to the several Ufes and upon the Trufts therein mentioned.

73.	An Aft to enable the Executrix and Executors in Truft of the Will of Alexander Deane to grant LeafeB of Lands and Grounds in the City of Cork, and in the Liberties of the said City, and to

1	apply *Ke Rents and Profits thereof to the Ufes of the said Will.

74.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Ardington, in the County of Berks, and in the several Parifhes, Tythings, or Hamlets of Eaji Hendrtd, West Hendred, Baft Lockings, West Lockinge, and Steventon, in the fame County.

75.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parifli of Little Somerford, in the County of Wilts,

" x 76. An Aft to difiolve the Marriage of the Reverend Charles Maffy with Mary Anne Rofslcwin his now Wife, and to enable him |o many again, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned'.

77. An Aft for inclosing Lands in the ParifKof South Cemey, hr the County of Gloucester.

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis,

Quadragefimo octavo.

*	AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Twenty-

*	XjL Cecond Day of Junet Anno Domini 1807, in the Forty-feventh 4 Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third,

4	by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain 4 and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith; and from thence 4 continued, by several Prorogations, to the Twenty-fir It Day of

4 January 1808 ; being the Second Selfion of the Fourth Parliament f 4 of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

C A P. I.

An A£t for regulating the ifiuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills.	[27th	February 1808.]

*	TTT HE REAS it is expedient that permanent Regulations Ihould

*	VV be eltablilhed in relation to the making out, ifilling, and

*	paying off all Exchequer Bills which may hereafter be ifiiied for the 4 railing of any Money under the Authority of Parliamentbe it therefore enacted by tne King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this Adi, all Powers Powen hereby

and Authorities by this Adi given to the Commilfioners of the Trea- giwn toCoamuf-

fury maybe used, exercised, and executed by the High Treasurer S?**? °* hm

for the Time being, or any Three or more of the Commilfioners of

the Treasury for the Time being ; and all Orders and Dire&ions given Quorum.

by any Three or more of the Commilfioners of the Treasury for the

Time being, in relation to any Matter or Thing mentioned in this

Ad, upon which the Commilfioners of the Treasury are empowered

to give any Order or Diredtion, shall be as valid and effectual as if given

by the Whole of such Commilfioners.

II.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the palfing Exchequer Bills of this Aft, all Exchequer Bills which shall hereafter be made forth, shall be midpout under the Authority of any Adi of Parliament, shall be prepared and made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer, in such Method and dkre**1 Form as the Commilfioners of His Majefty’s Treasury shall think most lafe and convenient, and may contain one common Sum or* different Sums in the principal Monies: Provided always, that every	by

1	48	Geo.	III.	B	fucn	the Auditor, &c.

%	C.t.	48°	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1808.

fuch Exchequer BUI shall and may be signed by the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, or in his Name by any Perfon duly authorized by the said Auditor to figu the fame, with the Approbation of the Lords Commifiioners of the Treasury in Writing under their Hands; and that every such Authority shall be duly registered in the proper Office for the I flue of Exchequer Bills, and Notice thereof publiihed in the London Gazette, before any Exchequer Bills, signed by virtue of such Authority, shall be put into Circulation.

III.	And be it further enacted. That all the said Exchequer Bills so to be prepared and made out, either of one common Sum or difr ferent Sums in the principal Monies therein contained, shall be re-fpeCtively numbered arithmetically, beginning with the Number One, and so proceeding in an arithmetical Progreffion afctnding, wherein the common Excefs or Difference shall always be one.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as the Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Treasury shall direct any Exchequer Bills to be made out, it shall sufobe lawful for the said Commifiioners of the Treasury, at any Time or Times thereaster, to

f've Directions for paying off and discharging the Principal of such xcheauer Bills, or any Part thereof, with the Intereft thereon, out of the Monies applicable by Law to that Purpose, at such Time and in such Manner as to them shall seem most convenient and beneficial to the Publick Service.

Intereft (h*n be V. And be it further enacted, That the Intereft which shall from allowed on Bill* Time to Time he due upon any Exchequer Bill or Bills whrch may be hiit not hereafter issued and which shall be made payable in Part of any Rein Hand* of Col- vcnue» Supply, Aid, or Tax, shall be allowed to all Perfons, Bodies kftors, &c. Politick and Corporate, paying the fame to any Receiver or Collector, Receivers or Collectors, of any of His Majeftyk Revenues, Supplies, Aids, or Taxes, to the reipeCtive Days whereupon such Bill or Bills shall be so paid: Provided always, that no Intereft shall run or be paid upon or for any such Bill or Bills during the Time any such Bill or Bills so paid shall remain in the Hands orany of the faia Receivers or Collectors, or in the Hands of any Teller or Tellers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, but for such Time the Intereft on every such Bill shall cease.

When such Bill* VI. 4 And, to the End it may he known for what Time such Bills arc paid in, Par- 4 bearing Intereft shall from Time to Time remain in the Hands of such tie* <h*D write * Receivers or Collectors, or in the Receipt of the Exchequer as afore-«heirN*mes and < fajdhe it further enacted, That the Perfon or Perfons who shall the Pate thereon.	^ any or hearing Intereft to any Receivers or Col-

lectors of any of His Majefty’s Revenues, Supplies, Aids, or Taxes, shall, * at the Time of making such Payment on each Bill bearing Interect, and so paid, put his or their Name or Names, and write thereupon in Words at Length the Day of the Month and Year in which he, (he, or they so paid such Bill or Bills bearing Intereft ; all which the said Receivers and Collectors refpeCtively, and also the refpeCtive Tellers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall take care to fee done and performed accordingly; to which refpeCtive Days the said Receivers and Collectors shall he allowed again the Intereft which he or they shall have allowed or paid upon such refpeCtive Bill or Bills, upon his or their paying the lame into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid.

•	VII.	And

BakfhsM*

Bumpered

Srithmeriofly.

Coarfe of Psymenu

I

AJ).i8oS.

C.i.

3

4«# GEO. in.

VII. And It is hereby further enacted, That all the said Exchequer Treasury shall di-B31s /hall be prepared and made out with such Cheques, Indents, or Cheques, ln-Ccratdmb, as dull he directed by the Commiflioners of the Trea-fay; and that the Perfon or Perfons appointed, or who shall be ap- * pointed to par off the said Bills, shall from Time to Time have the 1/fe and Cuffody of the Cheques, Indents, or Counterfoils, from which the laid Bills shall have been cut, to prevent his or their being imposed upon by counterfeit or 'forged Bills ; and that all the said Cheques, Indents, or Counterfoils, mall be delivered back into the Receipt of the Exchequer, when the said Bills shall have been paid off, cancelied, and discharged, and the Account thereof shall have been audited and allowed.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in cafe Bills de&cedfliall any of the Exchequer Bills shall by any Accident be defaced, it shall he exchanged, be lawful for the Commiflioners of the Treasury from Time to Time to cade a new Bill or^ new Bills to be made forth at the Receipt of the Exchequer, in lieu of the Bill or Bills which shall be so defaced, which Bill or Bills so defaced shall be cancelled at the Receipt of the Exchequer, and kept there on a File or Files for that Porpose; and such Bill or Bills so to be made forth in lieu thereof, shall have a like Currency, and shall in all Refpe&s be fubiedt to the fame Rules, Methods, and Continuance as the Bill or Bills so defaced, and shall bear the fame Numbers, Dates, and principal Suras, and carry the like Intereft as was borne and carried by the Bill or Bills so cancelled rel

i be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons shall Penalty on forge or counterfeit any Exchequer Bill, or any Indorsement or Writ- forging, &c. sag thereupon or therein, or tender in Payment any such forged or counterfeited Bill, or any Exchequer Bill with such counterfoil In-	mthout

dorfement or Writing thereon, or shall demand to have such coun-fcerfeit Bill, or any Exchequer Bill with such counterfeit Indorfement or Writing thereupon or therein, exchanged for ready Money or for another Exchequer Bill, by any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, who shall be obliged or required to exchange the fame, or by any other Perfon or Perfons whatsoever, knowing the Bill so tendered in Payment, or demanded to be exchanged, or the l&dor&ment or Writing thereupon or therein to be forged or count* erfeited, and with Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs and Suc-ceffors, pr the Perfons to be appointed to pay off the fame, or any of them, or to pay any Intenefl thereupon, or the Perfon or Perfons,

Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, who shall contract or circulate or exchange the fame, or any of them, or any other Perfon pr Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate; then every such Perfon or Perfons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall Tuffer as in Cafes of Felony without -Benefit of Clergy,

X.	‘ And whereas, by reason of the Multiplicity of Payments Trtafinyinayap* ' which may be to be made in paying off Exchequer Bills, it may be porntFaymafteia,

*	difficult, if not impofiible, that every Payment should be made by the ComptroUej&c. ‘ several Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer 3 therefore, and to

‘ the End the Exchequer may regularly be discharged of all the Mo- ****'***

*	nks required by any Adi to be applied for*paying off any Exchequer ‘ Bills, mid other Chaiges attending the fame 3’ be it enacted. That the Commissioners of the Treasury shall and quay from Time to Time, hj Writing under their Hands, constitute and appoint such Perfon

Ba

a&d

4

C.i

A.D.t8o8«

48° GEO. HI.

and Perfons, as they shall think fit to be the Paymafter or Paymasters, and shall and may appoint a Comptroller and such other Officers and Clerks as they /hall deem necessary, to pay off and discharge the principal Sums which shall from Time to Time be in course or Payment upon any Exchequer Bills; and to pay the Intereft due thereupon, and the Premium or Premiums, Rate or Kates, which, according to any Contra& or Contra&s made or to be made for exchanging and circulating the said Bills, or any of them, shall be due or payable to such Contractors; and to take in and put upon a File or Files, from Time to Time all such Bills as shall be paid off, to be cancelied, as the Commissioners of the Treasury shall direft ; and to do and perform, or cause and procure to be done and performed, such other Matters and Things in relation to the said Bills, or the Principal and Intereft therein'to be contained, as to the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall seem meet, and shall be by them directed to be done and performed by such Paymafter or Paymasters, Comptroller or other Officers and Clerks for the Time being 5 all which Payments shall be made at an Office to be kept in or near the Receipt of the Exchequer at Wejlmtnjler for that Putpose; and that the Commissioners of the Treasury shall take orcauie to be taken Security from' every Perfon so couftituted or appointed, for his duly paying, anfwer-ing, and accounting for all the Monies which he shall receive, and for his true and faithful Performance of his Office or Truft.

PaymaAen liable XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Paymafter or Pay-to Controui or mailers shall be fubiefl and liable to such Infpe&ion, Examination, Tteafuiy.	Controui,	and	Audit,	and to such Rules in Refped to paying, ac-

counting, and other Matters relating to the Execution of the said Office or Truft of Paymaster, as the Commissioners of the Treasury shall think fit or reasonable to establish or appoint from Time to Time, for the better Execution of the Intent and End of this A61 and the Satisfa&ion of the Proprietors of Exchequer Bills.

Tmfurymty XII. And be it further enabled. That as well the Perfon or Per-fcttle Salaries tons constituted or to be constituted Paymafter or Paymasters, as also Perfon or Perfons appointed or to be appointed to examine and aymatter,«c. controui the Receipts, Payments, and A61s of such Paymafter or • Paymasters, shall severally have and receive for the Service of them-"	felves and of the Officers and Clerks to be employed under them re-

fpedlively, and for such Charges as shall be necessarily incident to the Execution of their respective Offices, such Salaries, Rewards, and* Allowances, as the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being shall judge to be reasonable and shall dire6fc, to be allowed to them the said Paymafter or Paymasters, or Comptroller, or to any other Perfon or Perfons employed or to be employed under the Authority of this A61 or of any A61 or A61s of Parliament in relation to the making out or paying off Exchequer Bills; and it shall and may be lawful for such Perfon or Perfons refpe61ively to accept and receive any such Salary, Reward, or Allowance; any former Law, Statute, or Provifion to the contrary notwithstanding.

Xresfary may XIII. ‘ And for the better supporting the Currency of the said ♦ontraa with « Exchequer Bills, and to the End a sufficient Provifion may be made Pcrfmw to circu- « for circulating and exchanging the fame for ready Money, during such tc *	* Time as they or any of them are to be current ;* be it further en-

acted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, on his Majefty's Behalf, may from Time to Time enter into any Contra61 or Contra61efor obliging any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate,

AD.iBoS.



48° GEO. IH.	C. I;

rate, who will voluntarily undertake this Service; at his or their own Cofb or Charges, to circulate and exchange at some Publick Office is Leaden or WeRminfier^ for ready Money, from Time to Time, fill such Bills as shall be demanded at such Publick Office during the Time or respective Times of such Contrad or Contracts, by paying in ready Money, at .their own CofU and Charges, upon every luch Demand, or within Twenty-four Hours after, all the principal Monies coot&ned in every such Bill to be demanded, and the Intereft which /hail be then cue thereupon, and taking in the Bill so exchanged for their own Ufe, and being allowed a Rate or several Rates, not exceeding-fuch Sum per Annum as shall be fixed in any Ad authorizing the issuing any luch Bills refpeciively, as well for paying the said Intereft at their own Cofts, and also in Reward for their Service, upon all the said Bills so undertaken to be circulated; which said respective Rate or Rates shall be paid as is herein-after mentioned ; and the said Contrad or Contrads mall be made in Writing, and registered in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of Hs Majefty’s Exchequer, and {hall be made to endure for such Time and Times respectively as shall be agreed by the Contsadors.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Diredors of the Bank of England, shall not be disabled from being elected or from fitting and voting in the House of Commons, by reason of such Contrads entered into by them on Behalf of or for the Benefit of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury shall cause the Monies which shall from Time to Time grow due to such Contradors upon such respective Rates or Premiums, not exceeding as aforesaid, to be paid out of the Monies applicable by Law to that Purpose, which shall be issued to the (aid Paymafter or Paymafters as aforesaid; any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI.	And be it further enacted. That no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity shall be demanded or taken directly or indirectly by any of His Majefty’s Officers in the Receipt of the Exchequer, or by any of their Clerks, or by any such Paymafter or Paymasters, or by the Comptroller or by any of the Officers or Clerks under any of them respectively, from any of His Majefty’s Sub-jeds, for any Matter or Thing done or to be done by them or any of them in relation to the making out, issuing, or paying off any of the said Exchequer Bills.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That as often as any Intereft upon any Exchequer Bill or Bills shall be demanded to be paid, the (aid Contfadors or Paymafters shall not be obliged to pay for such Intereft to any lets Sum than One Penny upon such Bill, in cafe a Angle Bill be produced, or for the Total of the Intereft of such Bills, where Two or more shall be offered at one Time by the fame Perfon; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII.	Provided alto, and it is hereby enacted. That in cafe Proof fcall be made on the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnefs or Witoefies, before the Lord Chief Baron and other the Barons of the Coif of His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer, or any of them, that any Exchequer Bill Audi, by Cafualty or Mifchaacc, have been

B 3	loft*

§15.

Governor, Sic* of the Bank, con-trtdtng, not dif-abled from being

M.P.

Payment of Butts to Contn&oct.

No Fmb to be taken.

No Intereft payable to left than One Penny-

Relief for Bills kftorddhojedft

AJ3. l8o8.

C. I)

48° GEO. III.

Bills discharged shall be cancelied, and Cheques destroyed.

loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, before the fame shall have been paid off and discharged; and if bv such Oath or Oaths the Numbers and Sums of such Bill or Bills shall be afeertained, and the said Chief Baron and other the said Barons or any of them, before whom such Oath or Oaths shall be made, shall certify that he or they are satisfied with such Proof 5 then and in every such Cafe the Commiifioners of the Treasury are hereby authorized to caufc the Money due upon such Bill or Bills so loft, burnt, or destroyed, to be satisfied by the said Paymafter or Paymasters, as if the original Bill or Bills were brought in to be paid off 5 provided that the Perfon or Perfons so receiving the Money do give Security to the King, to the good liking of the Perfon or Perfons appointed or who shall be appointed as aforesaid to pay off and take in the said Bills, to pay m to the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Ufe of the Publick so much Money as shall be paid upon such Certificate or Certificates, if the Bill or Bilk so certified to be loft, burnt, or destroyed, shall be thereafter produced.

XIX.	Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That all Exchequer Bills which from Time to Time shall be discharged and paid off, shall be cancelled and made void by such Perfon or Perfons appointed or who shall be appointed to pay off and discharge the fame ; and that after the said Bills shall have been cancelled and made void, and the Accounts thereof shall have been audited and allowed, and the Cheques, Indents, or Counterfoils delivered back into the Receipt of the Exchequer, then it shall and may be lawful for the Commif-fioners of the Treasury to authorize and dire£t the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer to bum or otherwise destroy the said Cheques, Indents, and Counterfoils, as being of no further Ufe whatever to the Publick Service.

4	A& may be altered, &c. this Seflion, § 20.’

CAP. II.	f

An Aft for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pen-lions and Offices in England; and for repeaffhg so much of certain Afts as relate to certain Duties of {Sixpence and One Shilling respectively on Offices and Peiifions; and for re-granting the said Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling respectively, and the said other Duties, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

[27th February 1808.]

4	Moft Gracious Sovereign,

4 YT7E, Your Majefty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Com-4 VV mons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland*

4 in Parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies to 4 defray Your Majefty’s publick Expences, have freely and voluntarily 4 resolved to give ana grant unto Your Majesty, the Rates, Duties,

4 and Impositions, herem-after mentioned: And do most humbly be-4 leech Your Majesty that it may be ena&edand be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefeat Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame.

AJ).i8o8

7



48° GEO. III.

C.a;

fane! That within and throughout that part of Great Britain oiled England * Wales* and the Town of Berwick^ufon-Tweed, the Duty for and upon all Malt which, in and by one Ad of Parliament palled in the First Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled. An AS far continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Mat* Mum» Cyder, and Perry* for the Service of the Tear One thou* fud/even hundred andJtxty-one* was granted or continued to His Majesty until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and fixty-two, and which, by federal subsequent Ads, has from Time to Time been granted and continued to His Majesty until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, (haU be further continued, in like Manner, and shall be and is by this Aft charged for or upon ail Malt which shall be made within that Part of Great Britain, called England, IValee* and the Town of Bcrvoick-upon-Tweed, from and after the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, and Wore the Twenty* fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine.

II- And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within and throughout that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, there shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and fa-tisfied, unto and for the Ufe of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succef-fors, for and upon all Malt, the Duty herein-after mentioned, (that is to fay) : For and upon every Buihel of Malt, which at any Time or Times, from and after the Twenty-third Day of June One thou-£and eight hundred and eight, and before the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, ihall be made of Barley or any other Corn or Grain in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland* by any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever (whether the fame shall be or not be for Sale) the Sum of Three-pence, andfo proportionably for a greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively. Which said several and respective Duties by this Aft granted and continued respectively, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, shall be raised, levied, collested, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, during the Time and Term aforesaid, by the fame Ways, Means, and Methods, and by such Rules and Direftions, and with such and the like Allowances and Repayments proportionably, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with Inch Power of Mitigation, and other Powers in all respects, not other-wife directed by this Aft, as are preferibed, mentioned, or ex-preffed in the said former A61, or in anv other Aft or Afts of Parliament thereby referred unto, or any ox them, for or concerning the Duties by them or any of them granted or continued ; and that the fame Aft formerly made and patted, and the said other A6b hereby referred unto, as for and concerning the said Duties upon Malt, ana every Article, Rule, Clause, Matter, and Thing, in them or any of them contained, or thereby referred unto, and now being in force, and not otherwise altered by this Aft, shall be and continue in force and effect, to all Intents and Purposes, for railing, levying, col-lesting, feenring, and accounting for the Rates, Duties, and Impo* fitioos hereby granted and continued respectively, and for levying and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures, and making any Mitigations and proportional Allowances, and all other Matters and Things during the Continuance of this Aft, as fully as if the lame were particularly

B 4	aad

Malt Dftty In England under 1 G.a.c. a. (laft continued by 47 c.3.)

farther continued tolU June 1S09.

Duty on Malt ■ude in Scotland, Sd. per Bufael*

Dudes shall bo railed as under former A&s.

8

C.2.

A.D. 1808,

48° GEO. m.

featcptw to

compounding for Dutiea.

S0,000L {hall be nifed in Scotland by £ud Duty of adperBofoel.

In Cafe ef Deficiency, a Surcharge {hall be made on Malt-fen.

and at large repeated in the Body of this present Ad; faye and except as to so much of the said Ads, or either of them, herein mentioned or referred unto,* as grave Power to the Commissioners of Excife, or to any other Perfon or Perfons therein named, in England and Scotland respectively, to compound and agree with any Perfon or Perfons for the Duties of such Malt which should grow due or payable from him, her, or them, by the said Ads or either of them ; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

III.	* And whereas it is the true Intent and Meaning of this pre-

*	fent Ad, that the full and entire Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds

*	of lawful Money of Great Britain, clear of all Charges and Ex-‘ pences of Management and Collection, shall be railed out of that 4 Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ .for the Service of the Year

*	One thousand eight hundred and eight, by a Malt Tax, to be raised 4 and levied as in England, by a Duty of Threepence per Bufhel on 4 all Malt made and confuroed in Scotland; and in cafe the said Duty 4 of Three-pence per Bufhel upon Malt, to be charged in Scotland by 4 virtue of this Ad, being duly surveyed and collected, shall not be 4 sufficient effectually to raise and answer the said Sum of Twenty

*	thoufand Pounds in nett Money, after all Charges and Deductions

*	whatsoever, that then such Deficiency shall be made good by a

*	Surcharge to be made upon all Makers of Malt in that Part of

*	Great Britain called ScotlanJ9 in Proportion to the Malt they fhall

*	refpedively make between the Twenty-third Day of June One thou-4 sand eight hundred and eight and the Twenty-fourth Day of June 4 One thousand eight hundred and nine $’ Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, in cafe it shall appear to the Commissioners of Excife for the Time being, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, that the Duty upon Malt made in Scotland by this Ad, granted as aforesaid, shall not be sufficient to answer the clear Sum 6f Twenty thousand Pounds as aforesaid, then and in such Cafe it shall and may be lawful for the said lad-mentioned Commissioners of Excife, and the Officers under them, to make a proportional Surcharge upon all and every Perfon and Perfons who shall have made any Malt in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, within the Year ending the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, or so much Money, by way of additional Duty, upon all the Malt made by such Perfon or Perfons respectively, as shall make good such Perfon or Perfons proportional Part of such Deficiency ; which said Surcharges shall be paid to the refped-ive Colledors of the said Duties on Malt by the respective Perfons on whom the fame shall be so made, within One Month after the fame shall be so surcharged, or in Default thereof, the respective Perfon or Perfons who shall neglect or refuse to make such Payment, shall forfeit Treble the Sum upon him, her, or tlgjfi respectively fur-chaiged as aforesaid, to be recovered in fuch" Manner as the Duty of Three-pence per Bufhel may be recovered by virtue of this Ad, or any other Ad or Ads of Parliament herein-before recited or referred unto ; which said Surcharge by way of additional Duty for making good the deficiency of the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds (if any such Deficiency there shall be) shall be computed and fettled as followeth; (that is to fay), as the particular Quantity

AJD. 1808

9

48° GEO. III.	C.%.

& Malt made by each such Maltfter or Maker of Malt in Scotland9 v&n the said Year ending the Twenty-fourth Day of June One tarfand eight hundred and nine shall bear Proportion to the whole Qffiffltity at Malt made in Scotland within the fame Year, so the particular Surcharge to be made upon such particular Maltfter or Maker ef Malt, for or towards making good the said Deficiency, shall bear Proportion to the whole Sum which shall be found to be deficient as ifbrefaid.

IV.	Provided nevertheless, and be it declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if the laid Rate of Three-pence per Bufhel shall produce a greater Sum than the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds clear of all Charges of Management, the said Surplufage so produced over and above the said clear Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds shall be wholly applied towards the encouraging and promoting of the Fifheries, and such other Manufa&ures and Improvements in Scotland, as may most conduce to the general Good of the United Kingdom, and to no other Ufe, Intent, or Purpofe whatsoever, in such Manner as directed by an A61, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled. An AS for encouraging and promoting Fifheries and other ManufaSures and ' Improvements in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

V.	And it is hereby declared and ena£ed, That in all Cafes where the herein-before recited A 61 of the Firlt Year of His present Ma-jefty's Reign did relate to any Day or Time within the Year which commenced from the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand seven hundred and fixty-one, this present A& doth and shall relate to the like Day and Time within the Year commenced from the said Twenty-third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight.

VI.	And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Malt made in Scotland not to be consumed there, which at any Time or Times between the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight and the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, shall be brought into England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, shall in cafe the fame shall be brought by Sea, be entered with the Officer for the said Duties of the Port where the fame shall be so brought into England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick-upon-7'weed aforesaid, and the Sum of Sixpence per Bufhel for the Duties thereof shall be paid to such Officer before landing thereof, unless a Certificate from the proper Officer be produced that it hath paid the said Duty of Three-pence per Bufhel in Scotland; and if such Certificate be produced, then there shall be paid no more than Threepence per Bufhel, by virtue of this A6f, for such Malt so brought into England ; and in cafe the fame be brought by Land, such Malt shall pais and be carried by and through the Towns of Berwick or Carlijle, and there entered with the Officer for the said Duties, in such of the said Towns by or through which such Malt shall be so carried, and the like Duty of Sixpence per Bufhel for the fame shall be paid down in ready Money, unless such Certificate be produced as aforesaid ; but upon producing thereof, then there shall be paid no more than Threc-pence per, Bufhel by virtue of this A 61; on pain of forfeiting all such Malt, or the Value thereof, as shall be landed or put on Shore, or be brought into England without such Entry or

Payment

Surplus (if any) shall be applied to the Fifheries in Scotland • under Id G. 1. e. ao.

This Adi shall relate to the fame Days of the Year as lG.3. c. a.

Malt brought from Scotland by Sea, shall be entered at the Pert of landing, and pay‘Jd.per Bufhel additional.

Malt brought by Land shall t>e entered, &c. at Berwick or Carliile.

ia

C.

2.

4$° GEO. ifr.

A.D. t8ol

Malt not so duly entered, &c. Hull be forfeited.

Maltfters, for every 2 0 Quarters of Grfin made into Malt, for Ex-

ratlou, (lull allowed 00 QuartexsofMalt.

Malt shipped foT Exportation, and relanded, forfeited.

Every Steeping of Malt for Exportation Hall be kept separate till meafurecL

Payment of Duties as aforesaid; and in cafe any Matt made in Scotland shall, during the said Term, be found coming out of Scotland, or be brought from thence by Land by or beyond the Towns before mentioned, without Entry or Payment of the Duties thereof, then ail such Malt, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excife, for His Maiefty’fc Ufe, One Moiety of the aforesaid Forfeiture to be aind go to the King's Majfcfty, and the other Moiety thereof to such Perfon or Perfons as shall inform, seize, or sue for the fame, or the Value thereof, and to be recovered and levied by such Ways, Means, and Methods as any Penalties and Forfeitures are by this or any the former A&s relating to the Malt Duties to be recovered and levied, or by A&ion of Debt, or upon the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlmtnjlcr, wherein no Effoign, Prote&ion* Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

VII.	And be it further enacted. That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, there shall be allowed to Maltfters and Makers of Malt, for Exportation, for every Twenty Quarters of Barley or other Corn or Grain which shall be made into Malt for Exportation, in Cafes where by Law any Bounty is allowed on the Exportation of Malt, an AUow« ance of Thirty Quarters after the fame shall be dried and made into Malt, and no more, upon the Exportation thereof, though by their steeping, wetting, or watering the fame, the said Twenty Quarters shall be run out to any greater Quantity exceeding the said Thirty Quarters.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That if after the (hipping of any Malt made to be exported, the Malt so shipped to be exported, or any Part thereof, shall be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, then and in every such Cafe all the Malt which shall be relanded, and Treble the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, (that is to fay) One Moiety thereof j^fHe King, and the other Moiety thereof to the Perfon or Perfons who shall seize, inform, or sue for the fame $ and such Malt, so relanded, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms or Excife.

IX.	* And whereas Maltfters and Makers of Malt for Exportation

*	do frequently mix the Produce of Two or mdre Steepings of Com € or Grain that have been entered to be made into Malt for Exportation,

*	on or as soon as it comes off from the Kiln, by Reafon whereof the

*	Officers for the Duties on Malt, cannot afeertain the real Produce 4 thereof, by which Means great Quantities of each Sleeping of

*	fuch Malt are or may be privately conveyed away, and made ule of

*	for Home Confumption, though the fame has not been charged

*	with , the Duty as all Malt made for Home Confumption ought to

*	be be it enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, all and every Maltfter or Maltfters, or Maker or Makers of Malt for Exportation, shall keep the whole and entire Quantity of his, her, or their Com or Grain making into Malt for Exportation, of One Steeping or Wetting, when the fame shall be on the Kiln, or after the fame shall be taken off the Kiln, separate and apart from all and every Part of any other former Steeping or Wetting of Com or Grain, until the fame shall have been measured by such Maltfters

or

AiD« i^o^t

tt

4*° GEO, ttt.	C.2-

« Maker* of Malt, in the Prefence of some Officer or Officers for tk Duty upon Malt, on Pain of forfeiting and losing the Sum of fifty Pound*.

X.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, all such Maltfters or Makers of Malt for Exportation, shall give Notice in Writing to some Officer or Officers of the Duties upon Malt, or shall leave Notice in Writing at the next Office of Excife where the Journal is kept, of the Hour when he, (he, or they shall intend to take any Malt off the Kiln or Kilns, that such Officer or Officers may attend the meafurine of such Malt; and after such Malt has been measured, the fame shall be ifnmedi-ately carried on Shipboard, if intended to be then exported, or elfe shall be immediately locked up and secured in some Storehoufe or other Place belonging to such Maltfters or Makers of Malt, in the Prefence of the said Officer or Officers, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds,

XI.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, if any such Maltfter or Maltfters, or Maker or Makers of Malt, or any otner Perfon or Perfons whatsoever, by his Order, Privity, or Direction, after any Steeping or Making of Malt shall have been locked up and secured in any Storehoufe or other Place or Places in Manner as aforesaid, shall open any of the Locks or Doors, or shall make any Way or kind of Entrance into such Storehoufe or other Place or Places, or shall remove any Part whatsoever of the Partition between any such Storehoufe or Place and any other Place Or Places whatsoever next thereunto adjoining, or shall remove out of the said Storehoufe or other Place, any Quantity whatsoever of the Malt that has been so locked up and secured, without the Knowledge and Confent of, or without first having given Notice to some Officer or Officers for the said Duties, he, (he, or they shall respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XII.	4 And, the better to enable the Officers for the Duties upon 4 Malt to discover whether all such Malt made for Exportation, and 4 that has been locked up and secured in any Storehoufe or other * Place or Places to be exported, has been really exportedbe it en-a&ed by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Maltfter or Malfters, Maker or Makers of Malt, that on the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, shall have any Quantity of Malt locked up and secured in any Storehouse, or any other Place or Places as is before directed, to be exported, shall, within Fifteen Months next after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, remove and clear out of his Storehouse, or other Place or Places, all and every Part and Parcel thereof that at any Time after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight shall be locked up and secured in such Storehoufe or other Place in order to be exported, and shall always from Time to Time, in every Fifteen Months, remove and clear out of such Storehoufe or other Place or Places in order to be exported, all and every Part or Parcel of Malt that at any Time within every Fifteen Months after the last clearing shall be locked up and secured in any Storehoufef or ia any other Place or Places that shall be made use of

by

Notice to Officers fcrf tilting Malt off Kilos*

Malt shall be immediately exported or stored. Penalty SOl.

Penalty on clan-dcftinely opening Locks, &c. of Storehouses, 1001. .

Maltfters having Malt stored on 24th June 1908, shall clear out Storehoufe* of Malt for Exportation, within IS Months j

and foftomTi: * to Time.

12

C. 2.

'AJ).i8d8.

Penalty 50I.

Perfona booming Maltfters after 24th June 1808, {hall in like Manner dear their Storehoufes every 15 Months. Penalty 50l.

21 Anne, ft. 1. C. 9. feet. 18.

6 G. l.C. 91. «6.

480 GEO. in.

by him, her, or them, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, on Pain of forfeiting and losing the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XIII.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, all and every Perfon or Perfons whatfo-eveir that shall become Maltfters or Makers of Malt for Exportation, and shall make use of any Storehoufe or Storehouses, Place or Places, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, shall, within Fifteen Months after the Beginning to make use of any such Storehoufe or Storehouses, or such other Place or Places, remove and clear out of such Places, to be exported, all and every Part and Parcel of such Malt that at any Time or Times shall have been put into such Place Places, within Fifteen Months after he, (he, or they shall have begun to make use of such Place or Places, and shall always from Time to Time remove and clear out of such Storehoufe or other Place, to be exported, all and every Quantity of Malt whatsoever that within every Fifteen Months after the last clearing shall at any Time be locked up and secured in such Storehoufe or Storehouses, or any other Place or Places that shall be made use of by him, her, or them, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, on Pain of forfeiting and losing the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XiV. ‘And whereas, by a Claufe in an A6t made in the Twelfth

*	Year of the Reign of Her kte Majesty Queen Anne% intituled. An 4 A3 for granting to her Majesty Duties upon Malt, Mumf Cyder, and 4 Perryy for the Service of the Tear One thousand seven hundred and 4 thirteeny and for makingforth Duplicates of Lottery Tickets lofty burnt,

‘ or dejlroyedy and for enlarging the Time for adjujling Claims in several 4 Lottery Adsy and to tumjh the counterfeiting or forging of Lottery' 4 Orders ; and for explaining a late A8 in relation to Stamp Duties on 4 cufti. mary EJlates which pass by Deed and Copy ; it was enacted that

*	if any Maltfter gr Maker of Malt for Sale, during the Continuance

*	of the Duties on Malt by the said A & granted, should. tread, ram,

4 or otherwise force together in the Cittern, Uting Fat, or Couch,

<	any Com steeping or deeped, in" order to the making into Malt,

*	every such Maltfter or Maker of Malt for Sale should for every such 4 Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence for

*	every Bufhel of Com steeping or steeped, that mould be so pressed,

*	trodden, rammed, or forced: And whereas by one other Claufe in 4 an Ad, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty ‘ King George the First, intituled, An A3 for preventing Frauds and 4 Abufes in the publick Revenues of Excifty Cuflomsy Stamp Dutiesy 4 Pojl Officey and Hou/e Moneyy it was enacted and declared, that if,

*	from and after the Four and Twentieth Day of June One thousand 4 seven hundred and twenty, any Com in any Cittern or Uting Fat,

4 steeping or steeped in order to the making thereof into Malt by any 4 Maltfter or Maker of Malt (other than Compounders for the Duty

<	on Malt) was or should be found, so hard, close, and compact, as 1 it could not be unless the fame had by some Means or other been 4 forced together to prevent the Rifing and Swelling thereof, every 4 Maltfter and Maker of Malt (other than Compounders for the Dutr 4 on Malt) where the fame shall be so found, should in every such Cafe

*	forfeit and lose the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence per Bufiiel 4 for every Bu(hel of such Cora steeping or steeped, which should be 4 found so bard, dole, and compact as. aforesaid; which (aid recited

4 Claufes

AD.i8o8.

C. a.

n

48° GEO. III.

‘Ckufes have been duly continued, and are ftfll in force: And *wbrreas by the last recited Claufe * no Penalty is provided where 1 Got tteeped in order to the making thereof into Malt, should be 'hand in the Couch so hard, clofc, and compast, as it could not be 'laleis the fame had by some means or other been forced together 1 to prevent the Rifing and swelling thereof; and the Penalties pro* *nded by the said recited Claufes nave, by Experience, been found

*	forife&ual to prevent the fraudulent Pra£tice of pressing, treacting,

1 ramming, or otherwise forcing together in the Cittern, Uting Fat,

*	or Couch, the Corn or Grain steeping or tteeped, in order to the 4 making thereof into Malt, to the Prejudice of His Majesty *s Reve-1 sue and Difcouragement of the fair TradersBe it therefore en-acted, and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, if any Maltfter or Maker of Malt shall tread, ram, or otherwise force together in the Cittern, Uting Fat, or Couch, any Corn or Grain, steeping or tteeped, m order to the making thereof into Malt, every f**ch hfaitfter or Maker of Malt shall forfeit and lose the sum of Five Shillings for every Buihel of Corn or Grain, steeping or tteeped, that shall be so trodden, rammed, or forced together; or if any Cora or Grain iir any Cittern, Uting Fat, or Couch, steeping or tteeped, in order to the making thereof into Malt, by any Maltfter or Maker of Malt, is or shall be found so hard, close, and compast, as it could not be unless the fame had by some Means or other been forced together, to prevent the Rifing or Swelling thereof, every Maltfter or Maker of Malt, where the Tame shall be so found, shall in every such Cafe forfeit and lose the Sum of Five Shillings for every Bu(hel of such Corn or Grain, steeping or tteeped, which shall be found so hard, close, and compa& as aforesaid ; and Proof being made thereof, the fame (hail be deemed conclusive Evidence of the Fad, and shall subject the Maltfter or maker of Malt to the aforesaid Penalty of Five Shillings per Buihel.

XV. 1 And whereas many Maltfters or Makers of Malt do frau-4dulently convey away from the Cittern, Uting Fat, or other wetting

*	Place or Utenfil, Steepings or Part of Steepings of Com or Grain

*	making into Malt, and mix such Corn or Grain so conveyed away

*	with and amongst Couches or Floors of other Corn or Gram making 4 into Malt, which are then depending and then in Operation, that 4 have been gauged or charged with the Duty in the Couch, and in 4 cafe the Officer has taken his Gauge of the Corn or Grain, fteeping

*	in the Cittern, Uting Fat, or other wetting Place or Utenfil, iuch 4 Maltfters or Makers of Malt supply the Deficiency with Frefli Bar-1 ley, or other Corn or Grain, in the Abfence and without the Privity 1 of the Officer, in order to prevent a Difcovery of such Corn or

*	Grain having been conveyed away; and such Corn or Grain so 1 conveyed away and mixed by an artful and fraudulent Manner of 4 working, seldom is charged with any Duty in the Floor ; which 4 Pra^ice is greatly detrimental to the Revenue and fair Traders For Remedy thereof, it is hereby enacted, by the Authority aforesaid,That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thou-fand eight hundred and eight, if any Maltfter or Maker of Malt fhali fraudulently convey away, or cause or procure, or permit or futter to be conveyed away from the Cittern, Uting Fat, or other wetting Place or Utenfil, any Steeping or Part of any Steeping of Corn or Grain making into Malt, and shall mix such Corn or Grain so conveyed

Penalty on forcing Corn together in the Cittern, See. to prevent its riling 5s. per Buihel. [AndJet 46 G. 3. c. 139* §9.]

Penalty for fraudulently tonvey-ing from the Cif-tern, 8tc. Corn steeping and mixing it with Corn charged with Duty: fraudulently removing Corn to prevent a Gauge being taken, lOOL [And fee 46 G.3» C. 139. § 10.]



A.D.1808

J4-	C»*

48* GEO. m.

Pfcovjryof J'eaaltiea.

G. l.ft.1.

*7.

19 G. l.c. 9.

91 G. 9. C. 99.

veyed away with and amonqft any such Couch or Couches, Floor or Floors, of other Corn or Grain making into Malt, which are then depending and in Operation, and which have been gauged or charged with the Duty in the Couch; or if any M&ltfter or Maker of Malt shall fraudulently convey away, or cause or procure, or permit or fufifer to be conveyed away from the Cistern, Uting Fat, or other wetting Place or Utenfil, any Sleeping or Part of any Steeping of Corn or Grain making intp Malt, so that no Gauge of such Com or Grain so conveyed away cap be taken in the Couch by the Officer ; then and in each of the said Cafes every such Maltiler and Maker of Malt so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds,

XVI.	And be it further enacted by the Authority afore said. That all Fines, Penalties,. and Forfeitures, for any Offences against this Adi, so far as the fame relates to the said Duty on Malt, shall be sued for, levied, and recovered, or mitigated, by the lame Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Penalty or Forfeiture given by any of the Laws of Excife upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, can pr may be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, pr by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majeily’s Courts of Record at Weftminfter9 and that one Moiety of such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, shall be to the Ufe of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall discover, inform, or sue for the fame.

XVII.	‘ And whereas by an Aft of Parliament, passed in the

*	Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the ‘ First, intituled, An A3 for rdiftng a Sum not exceeding rive hundred 4 thousand Pounds, by charging Annuities at the Rate of Five Pounds

*	per Centum per Annum upon the Civil Lift Revenues, till redeemed 4 by the Crown s andfor enabling His Majesty 9 His Heirs or SucceJfors%

4 (by cauftng such a Deduction to be made as therein is mentioned) tq 4 mate good to the Civil Lifts the Payments which shall have Been 4 made upon the said Annuities ; andfor borrowing Money upon certain 4 Lottery Tickets ; and for discharging the Corporations for Affurance4 4 of Part of the Money which they were obliged to pay to His 4 Majesty; and for making good a Deficiency to the Eqft India 4 Company; it was amongst other Things enacted, that it might 4 be lawful for His Majesty to cause a Deduction to be made,

*	not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound, out of all Monies which,

4 after the First Day of Auguft9 should be paid for or upon all

*	Penfions and Annuities charged upon any of the (aid Heredi-4 tary, or Temporary Duties, and for and upon all Salaries, ‘Fees,

4 and Wages payable for or in tefpeft of Offices of Profit granted 4 by or derived from the Crown, with certain Exceptions therein ‘^particularly specified: And whereas by one other Aft passed in the ‘ Twelfth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George 4 the First, intituled. An A3 for granting to Hu Majesty the Sum of 4 One Miilion, to be raised by way of a Lottery, the laid Deductions ‘ were further continued for the rurpofes in that Aft mentioned;

‘ And whereas by one other Aft, passed in the Thirty-firft Year of ‘ the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

‘ An A3 for granting to Hit Majesty several Rates and Duties upon 4 Offices and Penfions, and upon Houfes9 and upon Windows or Lights,

*	and for raising the Sum of Five Millions by Annuities , and a Lottery,

«(a

l

AD. iffo8.

48° GEO, III.	C.	2f	*$

‘ to hi charged on the /aid Rates and Duties; it wai among other ‘Ttings enacted, that there should be yearly raised, levied, and paid 4 onto His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, the Sum of One Shil-4 li^ over and above all other Duties already charged or payable, for 'reiy Twenty Shillings of the yearly Value or Amount of all Sala-Fees, and Perquisites, incident to or received for or in Refpedt ♦of all Offices and Employments of Profit in Great Britain, and the ‘hie Sum of One Shilling for every Twenty Shillings of all Pen-1 Sons and other Gratuities payable out of any Revenue belonging ‘to His Majesty in Great Britain, exceeding the Value of One

*	hundred Pounds per Annum : And whereas by one other ACl,

‘paffed in the Thirty-fecond Year of the Reign of His said late

*	Majefty King George the Second, intituled, An AS to explain and 32 G. 2. c. 94,

1 amend an AQ made in the lass SeJJton of Parliament, intituled, 4 An AS

*/#r granting to His Majesty federal Kates and Duties upon Offices and 4 Penfionsf and upon Houfesy and upon Windows or Lights, and for 4 raising the Sum of Five Millions by Annuities, and a Lottery, to be 4 charged on the said Rates and Duties f so far as the fame relates to the 4 Rates and Duties on Offices and Penfons, certain Provifions were made 4 for collecting and paying the said laft-mentioned Duty of One Shil-4 ling in the Pound: Ana whereas by an A6t, passed in the Twenty-4 seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An ajG.3.e.l*#

4 AS for repealing the fever al Duties of Cufloms and Excife9 and grant-4 ing other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties9 4 together with the other Duties compofng the Publick Revenue, for per-4 mining the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize,

1 the Produce or ManufaSure of the European Dominions of the

4 French King into this Kingdom ; and for applying certain unclaimed

4 Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on

4 Lives to the Redu Sion of the National Debt, the said refpeCtive Duties

4 of Sixpence and One Shilling were carried to and made Part of the

4 Confolidated Fund: And whereas much Difficulty, and many

4 Omissions, Inconveniencies, and Irregularities arise, in charging, de-

4 ducting, collecting, and accounting Tor the said Duties of Sixpence

4 and One Shilling in the Pound rerpeCtively; and it is therefore ex-

4 pedient that further and more convenient and effectual Provifions

4 should be made for the deducting, affefiing, levying, collecting, and

4 managing the fame, and that the fame should be consolidated; and

4 for that Purpose, that the said several ACts of Parliament, paffed

4 in the Seventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King George the

4 First, and in the Thirty-firft and Thirty-fecond Years of the Keign

4 of King George the Second, and in the Twetity-feventh Year of

4 the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the fame relate to the

4 said Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling, respectively, should be

4 repealed s* Be it therefore further enacted, That the said recited Sorh Putiofth#

Ads of Parliament, passed in the Seventh and Twelfth Years of the	“

Reign of King George the First, and the Thirty-firft and Thirty.

lecond Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and m the on Offices, &c.

Twenty-feventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, re- repealed.

fpedively, so far as the fame relate to the said Duties of Sixpence

and One Shilling, respectively, shall, from and after the Twenty-

fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, be,

and the fame are hereby repealed; Tave and except as to the

levyingy collecting* recovering! spid accounting for any Arrears of

ftich

A*D* 18081

16

Duties of 6d. and Is. in the Pound on Penfions and Offices, in lieu of Dutes repealed.

Continuance of said Duties, one Year from 25tb March 1808.

Said Duties on Penfions, &c. fhallbe defied under Provifions of Aa 46 G. 3. a. 65.

C. 2.	48*	GEO.	III.

fuch Duties, or the recovering of any Penalties or Forfeitures which may have arisen, or been incurred, or which may be incurred in respect thereof.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That for and upon all Penfions and Annuities charged upon any of His Majefty’s Revenues, or any Rates or Duties granted to His Majesty, or upon the Contingent Fund, Fees, or Incidents of any Office, or upon any Publick Monies, and also upon all Salaries, Fees, and Wages payable for or in respect of Offices of Profit granted by or derived from the Crown, upon, for, or in respect of which, before the passing of this A61, the said Dedudion of Sixpence in the Pound was charged or chargeable, there shall be imposed a Duty of Sixpence in the Pound ; and for and upon every Twenty Shillings of the Yearly Value or Amount of all Salaries, Fees, and Perquifites incident to, or received for or in respect of all Offices and Employments of Profit, and for every Twenty Shillings of all Penfions and other Gratuities payable out of any Revenue belonging to His Majesty in Great Britain or out of the Contingent Fund, Fees, or Incidents of any Office, or out of any Publick Monies exceeding the Value of One. hundred Pounds per Annum, and in respect of which Penfions and other Gratuities before the passing of this Ad the said Dedudion of One Shilling in the Pound was charged or chargeable or made or liable to be made, there shall be charged a Duly of One Shilling; and the Payment of One of such Duties of Sixpence or One Shilling respectively, shall not exempt or di(charge any Perfon from paying the other of such Duties, if such Perfons shall have been chargeable with or liable to pay more than One of such Duties by any such former Ads of Parliament.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said several Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling respectively, herein-be-fore by this Ad granted, shall be charged and chargeable for One Year from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thouiand eight hundred and eight.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That the said several and re-fpedive Duties before granted by this Ad, of Sixpence and One Shilling respectively, shall be deducted, afleffect, railed, levied, paid, and coue&ld, and accounted for, during the Time andTerm aforesaid, by the fame Ways, Means, and Methods, and by the fame Rules, Regulations, and Diredions, and under such Provifoes, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and with such Power of Mitigation, and other Powers, as far as the fame are applicable to the Purpofes of this Ad, in relation to the said Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling, as are preferibed and expressed in an Ad, made in the Forty-fixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An A8 for granting to His Majesty during the present War, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, fur-ther additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Prosessions, Trades, and Offices ; and for repealing an A8, passed in the Forty fifth Tear of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parte of an A8, made in the Forty-third Tear of nis present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Prosessions, Trades, and Offices, and to consolidate and render more cjfe8ual the Provifions for eoUeSing the said Duties, with respect to the said Duties imposed by that

on Salaries, Fees, Wages, or other Perquifites or Profits accruing

7	by

LD.i8o8.

17

48° GEO. m.	c.a.

hr reason of Offices or Employments of Profit, and on Annuities, Pdions, and Stipends ; and every Article, Rule, Clause, Matter, sd Thing in the said lad-recited A61 contained, and now in force f*h relation to the Duties granted by that AH, shall be in force and (as far as the fame are applicable) to all Intents and Purposes, for deducting, afiesting, railing, levying, colleHing, securing, and accounting for the said Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling so br this AH granted as aforesaid, and for levying and recovering all Penalties and Forfeitures which may be incurred in- refpeH thereof, as fully and effectually as if the lame were particularly repeated io this Act, and made Part thereof.

XXI.	And be it further enaHed, That the federal Commissioners authorized to act in the Execution of the said recited Alt made in the Forty-fixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in relation to the Duties imposed by that Alt on Offices or Employments of Profit, and on Penfions or Stipends, shall be Commiflioners for putting in Execution this Alt, and shall have the like Powers and Authorities for dedulting, affefsing, raising, and colleHing the said Duties by this ACt granted, of Sixpence and One Shilling refpeltively, ana shall be entitled to the fame Proteltions, Privileges, and Immunities, as are given them by the said recited Alt made in the Forty-fixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, with relation to the Duties granted by the said recited Alt upon Salaries, Fees, Wages, and other Perquifites and Profits accruing by reason of Offices and Em* ployments of Profit, and on Annuities, Penfions, and Stipends.

XXII.	* And whereas by an Alt palled in the Thirty-eighth Year ‘ of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An AS for making 1 perpetual, fubjeS to Redemption and Purchafe in the Manner therein 'fated* the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a

* Laud Tax, for One Ytar* from the Twenty fifth Day of March One

*	thoufandfeven hundred and ninety-eight, the several and refpeHiveSums

*	of Money granted to your Majesty, by a Land Tax, for the Service c of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, which were ‘ or should be charged on any Manors, MefTuages, Lands, Tenements,

*	or Hereditaments in Great Britain, are, after the Twenty-fifth Day

*	of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, continued

*	and made perpetual, with a Provifion that the several Sums of Money

*	charged upon Eftates in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Mer-

*	chandize, or Perfonal Estates, or upon anyPerfon orPerfons in refpeH

*	of any Publick Office or Employment of Profit in the said AH men*

*	tioned, should, after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand

*	feven hundred and ninety-nine, be afeertained, levied, colleHed, and

*	paid according to the DireHions of any AH or AHs to be palled for

*	that Purpofebe it therefore enaHed,That the several and refpeHive Sums of Money which shall have been or shall be charged upon Estates, in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or other Perfonal Estate, by virtue of an AH, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An AS for granting an Aid to His Majesty ly a LandTax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and which were not authorized to be fold in or by another AH made and passed in the fame Thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, intituled, An AS for making perpetual, fubjeS to Redemption and Purchafe in the Manner therein Jlated% the several fnms of Money now charged in Great

48 Geo. III.	C	Britain

Commiffidoen under 46 G. 3, c. 65. shall be Comtmffioners for levying said Duties ou Pcn-fioos. Sue.

98G.3.C. 60,

Rates on Perfonal Eftatecharged by 98 G. 3. c. 5. and not authorized to be fold by 38 G. 3. c. 60. and on Offices, &c. shall be levied within one Year from 25 Much 18084

A.D. i$od«

Stuns charged on Perfonal ElUte* ty)8G.a.c.5.§3. shall be imposed on Parifhes and raised on Perfonal Estates, &c. by a AmndRate: payable Quarterly.

C.i.	48*	geo.	ni.

Britain at a Land Tax, for one Tear, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty and also the several Sums of Money charged by virtue of the said recited Ad made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, in respect of any Public* Offices or Employments, or any Annuities, Penfions, Stipends, or other Annual Payments, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty within the Space of One Year from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, and shall be afeertained, afleffect, and taxed in such Manner and r orm as are herein-after exprefTed.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Sums of Money which shall have been or shall be charged by virtue of the said recited Ad made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign on Perfonal Eftates as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby let and imposed on the several and respective Parifhes, Conftablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places, wherein the fame have been or shall be so charged by virtue of the said laft-mentioned Ad ; and that to wards railing the said several and respective Sums of Money hereby charged on the respective Parifhes, Conftablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places in England, Wales, and Ber<wick-uf>on*Tweedy in respect of such Perfonal Eft ate as aforesaid, all and every Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, Guilds and Fraternities, within the fame Parifhes, Conftablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places refpedivcly, having any Eftate in ready Money, or in any Debts whatsoever owing to them within Great Britain or without, or having any Eftate in Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or other Perfonal Eftate whatsoever, within Great Britain or without, belonging to or in trust for them (except and out of the Premifes deduded such Sums as he, (he, or they do bond Jide owe, and such Debts owing to them as shall be adjudged deiperate by the respective Comminionersappointed by this Ad; and also except the Stock upon Lands, and such Goods as are used for Houfehold Stuff; and also except such Loans and Debts as are or shall be owing from His Majesty to any Perfon or Perfons) shall be charged, with as much Equality and Indifference as is possible, by a Pound Rate, that is to fay, by an equal Pound Rate for every One hundred Pounds of such ready Money and Debts, and for every One hundred Pounds worth of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Chattels, or other Perfonal Estate, and so for any lesser or greater Sum or Value, for or towards the said several and respective Sums by this A A fet or imposed, or intended to be fet or imposed, for and upon all and every such Parifhes, Conftablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places, hereby charged therewith as aforefaidj so that by the said Rates so to be taxed or assessed as aforesaid for or upon the said ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or other Perfonal Estate, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this present A£, the full and entire Sums hereby fet or imposed, or intended to be fet and imposed, in England, Waletf and Berwick a? aforesaid, upon the said Perfonal Estates, fhaH be completely and effectually taxed, afTefTed, levied, and colle&cd, and shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer by Four quarterly Payments, the first Payment thereof to be made on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of June which shall be in die Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eight.

.	iXIV.	And

A,D.i8b8.

48° GEO. lit.

C* 2.

XXIV.	And tie it further enacted, That for and towards railing tkfevenil Sums of Money charged as last aforesaid on Perfona in tifpeft of Publick Office6 or Employments of Profit, all and every Prion and Perfons, and all and every Commiflioner and Commiflioners hnng, tiling, or exerciling any Publick Office or Employment of Profit in England, Wales, or Berwick as aforesaid, which is or shall be rated or aflelTed by virtue of an Aft, parted in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Mae ft y, intituled. An Ad for granting sa did to His MajeJly by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty and all and every their Clerks, Agents, Secondaries, Subftitutes, and other inferior Minifters whatsoever (fuch Military Officers who are or shall be in muster by the Mufter Mafter General of His Ma-jefty’s Army, or in Pay in His Majefty’s Army or Navy in respect of such Omccs, only excepted) Ihafl yield and pay unto His Majesty any Sum not exceeding the Sum at which such Office or Employment was assessed in the Year commencing from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, by virtue of the said Ad parted in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Ad for granting an Aid to His MajeJly by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight 5 and that all and every Perfon and Perfons, Guilds, Fraternities, Bodies Politick and Corporate, having an Annuity, Penfion, Stipend, or other yearly Payment, either out of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in England, or out of any Branch of his Majefty’s Revenue in Great Britain, or payable, or secured to be paid by any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever in Great Britain (not being oriftuing out of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or charged upon the fame,or included in any Affeflment made upon Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, mentioned in the said Ad parted in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Ad for granting an Aid to His MajeJly by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and not being Annuities or yearly Payments which, by any Ad or Ads of Parliament made or to be made, are or shall be especially exempted from the Payment of Taxes or Aids) shall yield and pay unto his Majesty the Sum of Four Shillings for every Twenty Shillings by the Year for every such Annuity, Penfion, Stipend, or yearly Payment respectively, and after that Rate for One whole Year ; the said fevend Rates and Sums of Money hereby granted to be assessed, imposed, levied, and collested, in such Manner as herein* after is mentioned.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That for the better aflefsing, ordering, levying, and collecting of the several Sums of Money so as last aforesaid limited and appointed to be raised and paid in the aforesaid Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Berwick-ufon-Tweed, in respect of Perfonal Estates, and in respect of Offices or Employments of Profit, and Annuities, Pen (ions, Stipends, and other yearly Payments, and for the more effectual putting this Aft in Execution, in reference to the fame, all and every the Perfon and Perfons who in and bv an Aft of Parliament, made and parted in the Forty-fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An Ad for appointing Commijfoners for putting into Execution an Ad of this Seffton

C 2	of

*P

Office* tod Employment* rated by as G. 3. c. 5. (except Naval or Military Offices) shall pay the Rata assessed thereon under that A&, 43.

CommSdionen of Land Tax appointed by 45 G. 3. c. 49. and 46 G. 3. c. 107. shall put this A£t in_

execution

t'nlcfs Special Conumifioners shall be appointed by some AA

C'ommidionen ihall meet before ;)0 Ap. 1808, to infpeA AfTelf-ments to *25 March on Perfonal Eftates as distinct from Land: and (hall

of Parliament, for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pen Rons, Offices, and Perfonal EJlates in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuffy in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thousand eight hundred and five ; and an A3, made in the Thirty-eighth Tear of His present Majesty ,for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raifedin Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight ; or in and by one other Aft, made in the Forty-fixth Year of the Reign of Hi* present Majesty, intituled, An A3 for reSifying Miflakes in the Names of the Commifftoners appointed by an A3y made in the lajl Seffion of Par-liamenty intituled, 1 An A3 for appointing Commifftoners for putting into 4 Execution an A8 of this Seffion of Parliament,for continuing and grant-4 ing to his Maje/ly a Duty on Penjionsy Offices, and Perfonal EJlates in 4 England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malty Tobaccoy and Snuff, in 4 Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thousand eight hundred

*	andJive ; and an A3 made in the* Thirty-eighth Tear of His present 4 Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be

*	raifed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thousand seven 4 hundred and ninety-eightand for appointing other Commifftoners, together with those named in the frjl-mentioned A3, to put in Execution an A3 of this Seffion of Parliament, for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duly on Pensims, Officesy and Perfonal E(lutes in England, and certain Duties on Sugary Malt, Tobacco, and Sniff in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thousand eight hundred and fix, also the said A3, made in the Thirty-eighth Tear of His present Majesty ; and for indemnifying fuih Perfons as have a8ed as CommiJ-fioners for executing the said Ads, were named and appointed Com-miflioners for putting in Execution the fame Afts within the several Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divi-fions, and Places of Englandy Wales, and Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, duly qualifying themselves according to the said Aft, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An A3 for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in that Behalf, shall be Commiflioners for putting in Execution this present Aft, and the Powers therein contained, within and for all and every the Parifhes, Con liable wick*, Divisions, Allotments, and Places, situate within the fame Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divisions, and Places respectively : Unless, before the Day hereinafter appointed for the first; Meeting of the Commiflioners for putting this Aft into Execution, some Aft or Afts of Parliament shall be made and passed, for naming and appointing Special Commiflioners for putting into Execu* tion this present Aft; in which cafe no Perfon or Perfons shall be empowered, by virtue of any Nomination or Appointment by any former Aft, or by this Aft of Parliament, to aft as a Commiflioner for putting this present Aft into Execution,

XXVI.	And be it further enacted. That the several Commiflioners last aforesaid shall meet together at the most usual and common Places of Meeting within their relpeftive Hundreds, Lathes, Rapes, Wapentakes, Wards, and other Divifions respectively, within England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, within which they are appointed Commiifioners, on or before the Thirtieth day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight, and shall meet afterwards in like Manner as

often

A.D.i8o8

it

48° GEO. IIL

C.2.

aften as it shall be necessary, for putting so much of this Aft in Ex- Before 10 May

cation as is hereby committed to their Care and Charge ; and the ream Schedules

fed Commiflioners, or so many of them as shall be prelent at such j^^ver^iiwd

Meeting or Meetings, or the Major Part of them, are hereby autho- ^ ^ Ewrhe-

nred and required to inspect and examine the Affeffments made by ouer.

virtue of the said recited Aft made in the Thirty-eighth Year afore-

skid, for the Year ending on the Twenty-fifth Day of March One

thoufand eight hundred and eight, and ascertain the several and re-

ipeftive Sums of Money charged by virtue of the said lad mentioned

Ad, in every Parifh, Conftablewick, DiviJion, Allotment, or Place,

for and in respect of any Eflate in ready Money, Debts, Goods,

Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or other Perfonal Eslate, and also for and in respect of any Offices or Employments of Profit, Annuities,

Penfions, or Stipends, as aforesaid, by any AfTefTment made for the laid Year ending on the fail ^	^	r	~	’	ou-

fand eight hundred and eig	in

Writing, the Amount of the several and relpeCtive Sums charged upon E Hates, in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Chattels, or other Perfonal Eslate, and also the several and respective Sums charged in respect of any Offices or Employments of Profit, Annuities, Penfions, or Stipends, as aforesaid, from the Monies charged in such Parifhes, Conflablewicks, Divisions, Allotments, or Places, by virtue of the said last mentioned Aft, upon Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and the said Commiflioners are hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, a Schedule or Duplicate in Parchment under their Hands and Seals, fairly written, containing the whole Sum aiTefTed on each Parifh, Conflable-wick, Divilion, Allotment, or Place, where any AfTefTment shall have been made upon Perfonal' Ellates, or in respect of Offices and Employments of Profit, Annuities, Penfions, or Stipends, and also the Chriflian Names and Surnames of the respective AfTefTors and Colleftors under the Receiver General of each County, Riding.

City, Borough, Town, and Place respectively, where such Aflell-ments shall have been made, or his Deputy, and shall transmit or cause to be transmitted a like Schedule or Duplicate into the King’s Remembrancer’s Office of the Exchequer, and this the Commissioners shall cause to be done on or before the Tenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eight; for which Duplicates the Receiver and Remembraneer, or their respective Deputies, shall give to the Perfon who brings the fame, a Receipt in Writing, gratis,	for

under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, to be recovered to the King’s Schedules.

Ufe, as other Penalties are by this Aft recoverable.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Places where Af-Parifh or Place in which any AfTefTment shall have been, or shall be feffmems have made, under and by virtue ot the said lafl recited Aft, on any Perfon been made for or Perfons in respect of any Offices or Employments of Profit, An- the Year ending nuities, Penfions, or Stipends, by any AfTefTment for the Year

endiog on the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hun- the Su^levied. dred and eight, shall, from and after that Time, be wholly difeharg-ed from so much of the Sums to be levied upon such Parifh or Place, according to the Proportions established under the said recited Aft.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers and

extended to this

at

Under 38 G. 3. c. S.Newcaftleon Tyne was charged with a certain Sum, part thereof railed on the Amount of the Duty on CoaU, which, under 39 G.3. c.84: 39,40G.3.c.43. was purchased from theDuke of Richmond, and the bid Duty was idled in the Crown,

C.a.

48° geo. nr.

AtD. 1,808,

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An AB for granting an Aid to His Majefy by a Lana Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight) are provided and eftablilhed for ascertaining, raising, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying, and managing the Rates and Affeffments granted by the said last mentioned Ad ; and which by the said other Ad, passed in the fame Thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, intituled. An AB for making perpetual, fubjeB to Redemption and Purchafe in the Manner therein fated) the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Taxf for one Tear, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand /even hundred and ninety-eight, are continued and made perpetual, in relation to the Rates and Affeffments charged on Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, until the Redemption and jpurchafe thereof, /hall be practised, used, and put in Execution in and for the ascertaining, railing, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying, and managing the said lad-mentioned Rates, Affe/Tments, and Sums of Money to be charged, affeffect, and levied by virtue of this Ad, in respect of Perfonal Edates, and in respect of Offices or Employments of Profit, and Annuities, Penfions, Stipends, and other yearly Payments, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purpoles, as if all and every the laid Powers, Rules, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enaded in this Ad.

XXIX.	‘Whereas by an Ad, pa/fed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An A&for granting an Aid to His Majefy by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service ofthe Tear One thoufand[even hundred and ninety-eight) the Town and County of the Town of Newcaftle-upon-Tyne was charged in the Sum of Two thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Four-pence, Part whereof has been raised and charged on the Duty herein-after mentioned: And whereas by two Ads, one thereof passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled, An Ad to enable the Lords Com-mifioncrs of the Treasury to contraB with the Mof Noble Charles fluke of Richmond for the absolute Purchafe of the Property of the said Duke) and all others interefed) in a certain Duty of Twelve-pence per Chaldron on Coals Jhipped in the River Tyne, /o be consumed in England, and to grant a Compenfation for the famey by way of Annuity) payable out of the Confolidated Fund; and the other thereof palled in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His laid Majesty, intituled. An AB to confrm an Agreement entered into between the Commiflioncrs of His Majefy*s Treafury) and the Mof Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, in turfuance of an AB faffed in the Thirty-ninth Tear of His present Majefy, intituled) * An AB to enable the Lords CommifRoners of the Treasury to contraB with the Mof Noble Charles Duke of Richmond for the absolute Purchafe of the Property of the said Duke) and all others inter fed) in a certain Duty of Twelve-pence per Chaldron on pools Jhipped in the River Tyne, to be consumed in England, and to grant a Compenfation for the fame bp way of Annuity) payable out of the Confolidated Fund). and by virtue of the Agreement therein recited, the said Duty, from and after th$ Twenty-fecond Day of Auguf One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, was veiled in, and made payable to • His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and the fame hath ever fince

* beeq

AD.f8o8«

*3

4i6 GEO. in#	C.2,

‘fetncolleAed with and paid as die other Duties of Cuftoms have ‘teencolleAed, and paid ; and it is therefore just that the said Town ‘ad County of the said Town, should, from the above Period, be ‘enmerated and discharged from the Amount annually charged on the ‘fed Duty as aforefaidBe it further enaAed, That it shall be jarful for the Commiflioners of the said Town and County to certify ti the Barons of His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer, what Sum and Sams of Money have been charged on the Duty in the said Two last recited A As mentioned since the Day of the Surrender of the fame, br virtue of the said Two laft-recited Adis, and the Agreement rAerein mentioned; and the said Barons* or any Two or more of them, hare hereby Power, by their Difcretions, at any Time before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, to discharge or cause to be discharged so much of the said Sum ot Two thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds Sixteen Shillings aid Four-pence, as shall appear to them to have been charged on the laid Duty, (ince the said Twenty-fecond Day of Augufl One thou-iand seven hundred and ninety-nine ; and the laid Sums shall or may be discharged upon the Duplicates returned or to be returned for the nid Town and County, and shall be allowed upon the Accounts of the Receivers General, and the Inhabitants of the said Town and County mil be acquitted against His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, for the Payment of such Sums so discharged, or ordered to be discharged, by the Bfrons of the said Exchequer, as well for the Affeffments heretofore made as for' all Affeffments hereafter to be made; any Tiling in the said first recited A A to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX.	And b6 it further enaAed, That in cafe the Proportions let by this AA upon all and every the refpeAive Parifhes, Con ft a-clewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places in England, Wales, and Berwick-ufon-Tweed9 in*refpeA of any such Perfonal Eftate as aforesaid, !kfl not be fully affeffect, levied, and paid, according to the true Mewing thereof, or if any of the said Affeffments, in refpeA of inch Perfonal Estate, shall be rated or imposed upon any Perton not being of Ability to pay the fame, or that through any Wilfulness, NegleA, Mistake, or Accident, the said Affeffment charged in each Panlh or Place as aforesaid by virtue of this A A, happens not to be paid to the Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, as in this AA it direAed; that then and in aH and eveiy such Cafe or Cafes the (evctd and refpeAive Commiflioners, Afleflors, and ColleAors, aAing in the Execution of this AA in relation to the said Duties on Perfonal ERates, and the said laft-mentioned Duties in refpeA of Offices and Employments of Profit, Annuities, Penfions, Stipends, and other yearly Payments, and eveiy of them refpeAively, are hereby authorized and required to assess and re-affess, or cause to be assessed and re-assessed, levied, and paid, all and every such Sum and Sums of Money upon the refpeAive Parifhes or Places wherein such Deficiencies shall happen, as to such Commissioners, or such Number of them as by this AA are authorized to cause the said first Affeflment hereby squired to he made, shall seem mo ft agreeable to Equity and Juftice; the said new Affeffment to be made, colleAed, and paid in such Manner, and by such Means as in this A A or any A A hereby referred to, is declared and direAed for other Affeffments.

XXXI.	* And in order to afeertain more particularly the Mode of ‘ilk&ng and rating the several Perfons who shall be charged with

P*	**ny

On Certificate ot Commiffionm of Land Tax for Newcastle, to the Exchequer, of the Sums charged on said Duty, Exchequer may difchaige the fame.

Where deficiencies ante near AfleffmentrihlU be made.

Perfons shall be rated where rafi-dentj

A.D.i8o8,

or if out of the Kingdom, in the Face of their last Abode.

Perfonal Eftate lhatl he afTefled where it shall be, though the pof-feflor refidetelfe-where.

Perfons doubly rated ihall be rer lievedon Certificate.

Exemption of Perfonal Eftate in Scotland, Ireland, &c*

Perfons avoiding the Tax charged Treble.

C«2«	48°	GEO-	III.

« any Rate or Afleflment in respect of any Eftates in ready Money,

€ Debts, or Perfonal Estate, in England, Wales, or Berwick-ubon-‘ Tweedbe it further enacted, That every Perfon who is or shall be rated for or in respect of any Perfonal Eftate to him or her anyways belonging, shall be rated at such Place where he or (he shall be refi-dent at the Time of the Execution of this A ft ; and all Perfons not being Houfeholders, nor having a certain Place of Refidence, shall be taxea at the Place where they shall be resident at the Time of the Execution of this Aft; and if any person who ought to be taxed in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, by virtue of this Aft, for or m respect of his or her Perfonal Estate, shall, at the Time of his or her Afleflment, be out of the Realm, such Perfon shall be rated therefore in such Paristi, Conftablewick, Division, Allotment, or Place, where he was last abiding within this Realm.

XXXII.	Provided always, That where any Perfon shall have any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or Perfonal Estate, in any Parifti or Paristies, Conftablewick or Conftablewicks, Divifion or Diviftons, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places, other than the Paristi, Conftablewick, Division, Allotment, or Place where he or (he shall be resident, or had his or her Refidence, it shall be lawful at any Time before the Twenty-fourth Day of Augujl One thou-fand eight hundred and eight to rate and a fiefs such Perfon for such Goods, Wares,Merchandize, Chattels,or Perfonal Estate, in any Pari(h or Paristies, Conftablewick or Conftablewicks, Divifion or Divisions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places where the fame shall be: Provided also, that if any Perfon or Perfons, by reason of his, her, or their having several Manfion Houfes or Places of Refidence, or otherwise, shall be doubly charged for any Perfonal Eftate by occa-fion of this Aft, then upon Certificate made by any Two or more of such Commiflioners for the County, Riding, City, or Place of his, 1 her, or their last Perfonal Refidence, under their Hands and Seals, of the Sum or Sums charged upon him, her, or them (which Certificate 1 the said Commiflioners are hereby required to give without Delay, Fee, or Reward), and upon Oath made of such Certificate before any Two such Commiflioners who have Authority to put this Aft in Execution for the County, Riding, City, or Place, where the said Certificate shall be made, (which Oath such Commiflioners are hereby authorized and required to adminifter) then the Perfon or Perfons so doubly charged shall, for so much as shall be certified, be discharged in every other Pari(h, Conftablewick, Division, Allotment,

pf Place in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed.

XXXIII.	Provided also. That this Aft shall not extend to the Inhabitants of Scotlandy Ireland, Jersey, or Guernfey, for aflefling any such Perfonal Eftate which they, or any to their Ufe, have within those Places, for or towards the said Sum hereby authorized to \)e charged upon any Parifti or Paristies, Conftablewick or Conftablewicks, Divifion or Divisions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places in England, Woles, and Berwick-upon-Tweed as aforesaid : And if any Perfon that ought to be taxed by virtue of this Aft, for or in respect of his or her Perfonal Estate, shall, by changing his or her Place of Refidence, or by any other Fraud or Covin, escape from the Taxation, and not be taxed and the fame be proved before the Com-miflioners, or any Two or more of them, at any Time within One Year next after such Tax made, every Perfon that (haU so escape front the Taxation and Payment^ (kail be charged, upon Proof

thereof

A'D.iftoS.

C.2

48° GEO. III.

*5

thereof, at Treble the Value of so much as he or fke should or ought to have been chafed at by this A61, the said Treble Value, upon Certificate thereof made into the Exchequer by the Commissioners, before whom such Proof shall be made, to be levied on the Goods,

Lands, and Hereditaments of such Perfons.

XXXIV.	‘And, for the better Difcovery of Perfonal Eftate in- Penalty on

* tended to be charged by this Aftbe it further enacted, That every Houfckeepm Houfeholder in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, shall upon Demand of the Afleffors of the respective Pariflies or Places, give 0	5	•

an Account of the Names and Qualities of such Perfons as Stall sojourn or lodge in their respective Houses, under the Penalty of forfeiting to His Majesty the Sum of Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in such Manner as any other Penalty in this Aft mentioned shall and may be levied and recovered.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That the several Members of Members of Par-Parliament who at the Execution of this Aft, during this or the lisment flail be subsequent Seflion of Parliament, shall abide within the Cities of rate<1 at their London and Westminster, and the Suburbs of the fame, or within the ^anGoa Houfes. County of Mtddlesex, shall, for or in respect of their ready Money

or Debts, or any other Tax which may be laid on their Perfonal Eftate or Perfons in respect thereof, during this or the next Seflion of Parliament, be assessed only in the Places where such Members have their Manfion Houses, or other Places where they mod usually reside during the Intervals of Parliament; and in cafe any Affeffor or Commiffioner shall affess, or cause to be assessed, any Member of Parliament contrary to the Provifion hereby made, he or they shall forfeit to the Party grieved the Sum of Forty Pounds to be recovered by Aftion of Debt or upon the Cafe, together with full Colls of Suit ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary not with (landing.

XXXVI.	Provided always, That where any Perfon liable to be Inhabitants of

rated in respect of such Perfonal Estate, and inhabiting within the Towns shall be City of London, or any other City or Town Corporate in England,	,n	the

Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, hath his Dwelling House in One n5yeWl€rC ** of the Parifties or Wards therein, and hath any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, in any One or more of the other Parifties or Wards

within the fame, that then such Perfon shall be taxed, charged, and assessed for such his Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Pariftt or Ward where he dwelleth, and not elsewhere, within the laid City and Town Corporate.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted. That the Officers in the Officers of

Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, and in other the Publick	f®5"‘

Offices, upon request to them made by the respective AfTefTors, shall of penftons# An-deliver, gratis, true Lifts or Accounts of all Penfions, Annuities, nuities, &c. to Stipends, or other Annual Payments, and of all Fees, Salaries, and Commiffionen, other Allowances, payable at the said Receipt, or in the said Pub- “din De&ult of lick Offices, to any Commiffioner or Commissioners, Officer orOffi-	^	^

eers, for the Execution of this Aft for the better Guidance bf the	of

laid Afleffors in the charging of the fame; and that in all Cafes where the Penfion, &c. any Penfions, Annuities, Stipends, or other yearly Payments, or the

Fees, Salaries, Wages, or other Allowances or Profits charged by this Aft, shall be payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, or at any other Publick Office, or by any of His Majefty's Receivers or Pay-mafters in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, the said laft-jpentkmed Tax or Payment, which in pursuance of this Aft (hall

be

2$

A.D. i8o8.

Officers shall pay where employed.

Officers in Chancery shall f>c af-fefl'ed in the Rolls T/ihcrty, by the Mailers, &c.

Penfions rateable where payable.

Where Office is executed by Deputy, the AiTefT-ment shall he paid by him.

C*2»	4.8° GEO. III.

be charged for or in respect of such Annuities, Stipends, Fees, Salaries, Wages, Allowances, or Profits, shall and may (in cafe of non-payment thereof) be detained and flopped out of the fame, or out of any Money which shall be paid upon such Penfions, Annuities, Stipends, Fees, Salaries, Wages, Allowances, or Profits, or for Arrears thereof, and be applied to the Satisfa&ion of the Rates and Duties not otherwise paid as aforesaid; and the proper Officers in the said Exchequer, and other the Publick Offices aforesaid, shall keep true Accounts of all Monies flopped, and (upon requefl) shall give Copies of such Accounts to the proper Colle&ors of such Monies for the respective Parifhes or Places where the said Monies are afTcfTed by this A&.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enabled, That every Perfon in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, rated or afTefied for his Office or Employment, shall be rated and pay for his said Office or Employment in the County, City, or Place, where the fame shall be exercised, although the Revenue or Profits arising by iuch Office or Employment are payable elsewhere : Provided always, that the Right Honourable the Mailer of the Rolls, the Maflers in Chaneery, Six Clerks, Clerks of the Petty Bag, Examiners, Regiflers, Clerks of the Inrolments, Clerks of the Affidavit and Subpoena Office, and all other the Officers of the Court of Chancery that execute their Offices within the Liberties of the Rolls, shall be there afTefied to the said lafl-mentioned Duties for their respective Offices, Salaries, and other Profits, and not elsewhere ; and the said Maflers in Chancery for the Time being, and the said Six Clerks and Regiflers for the Time being, shall be the Commissioners for putting in Execution, and shall put in Execution this Ad, with relation to the lafl-men-tioned Duties, within the said Liberty, and exercise the Powers therein contained ; and that all Annuities, Stipends, and Penfions, payable to any Officers in respect of their Offices, shall be taxed and afTefTed to the said lafl-mentioned Duties where such Offices are rated and afTefTed for their Offices, and not elsewhere ; and that all other Penfions, Stipends, and Annuities in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed not charged upon Lands, shall be charged and afTefTed in the Parifhes and Places where they are payable.

XXXIX.	4 And whereas divers Offices and Employments of

*	Profit, chargeable by this A&, are executed by Deputy, and the 4 principal Officers living in Places remote from the Division, Parifh,

4 or Place, where such Offices or Employments are taxable, the Rates

*	and AfTefiments for such particular Offices and Employments cannot

*	be recovered without great Charge and Difficulty be it therefore enacted, That where any Office or Employment of Profit chargeable by this A&, is or shall be executed by Deputy, such Deputy shall pay such Afleffment as shall be charged thereon, and dedu& the fame out of the Profits of such Office or Employment; and in cafe of Rcfufal or Non-payment thereof, such Deputy shall be liable to such Diilrefs as by this Aft is preferibed against any Perfon having and enjoying any Office or Employment of Profit, and to all other Remedies and Penalties therein respectively contained; and that there shall be the like Remedies and Penalties for the recovering the Monies afTefTed upon any such Office or Employment of Profit to the Land Tax for the Year One thousand seven hundred and fix, and for any subsequent Year not yet satisfied, in all Cafes where the Accounts

of

AD-i8o8,	48°	GEO,	III.	C-'i*

of thole Years, or any of them, are not otherwise cleared in the Exchequer.

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted. That A61, or any Thing herein contained, shall not charge or be ceaftrued to charge Her Majesty the Queen, or any of the Royal Family, for or in rcfpedfc of any Annuities or yearly Payments graftal to Her (aid Majesty and to their said Royal Highnestes, but that such Sums of Money, Annuities, or yearly Payments, and her fiid Majesty and their Royal Highnestes, and their Treafurers, Receivers General, and Servants for the Time being, in refpedfc of the fame, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions, and other Charges whatsoever: Provided also, that this Adt, or any of the fe-Teral Claufes herein contained, shall not extend to charge the Penflons of any superannuated Commiflion or Warrant Sea or Land Officer, or the Penflons of Widows of Sea or Land Officers (lain in the Service of the Crown 5 or the Revenue of the mod Noble Order of the Garter; or the Penflons of the Poor Knights of IVindfor, payable out of the Exchequer only ; or to charge a certain Penfion of One hundred Pounds, granted by the late King Charles the Second, to the Poor Clergy of the Isle of Man; or to charge the Penflons or Salaries of His Majefty*s Pages of Honour; or of the Officers and Perfons employed or to be employed in collecting the Tolls and Duties payable by virtue of any Adt or Adfcs of Parliament for making, repairing, or maintaining any pubiick Roads, by reason of their said Offices or Employments, or any Salary ariflng thereby.

XL I. ‘And whereas the Rents and Revenues belonging to the

*	Refldentiaries of the Cathedral Churches in England and Wales, are

*	chargeable to the Land Tax granted and made perpetual as aforesaid, ‘and in some Cafes the Overplus of the said Rents and Revenues ‘ above such Tax, Repairs, and other Charges, is to go in Shares for

*	the Maintenance of the (aid Refldentiaries, which Shares are dimi-1 niihed by the said Land Tax it is hereby provided and enacted, That in such Cafes the said Refldentiaries shall not by this A&, or any of the Claufes therein contained be further chargeable as enjoying Offices of Profit out of the said Rents and Revenues; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL11. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to charge or to authorize the dedudting or assessing the said Duties of Sixpence or One Shilling respectively or either of them, or the said last mentioned Duty or Sum of Money granted by this Adt, upon any Perfon in respect of any Office or Employment of Profit, or upon any Annuity, Penfion, Stipend, or other yearly Payment, in any cafe in which the Penfion, Annuity, Salary, Wages, Fees, Perquisites, Gratuities, Stipend, or other Payment yearly or other-wife shall have been specially exempted from any or either of such Duties, or from the Payment of any Aids or Taxes by any A€t of Parliament, or in any cafe in which any Salary, Wages, or Stipend of any Office or Employment shall by any Order of His Majesty in Couneil, or by any Warrant under his Majefty’s Royal Sign Manual, or by any Order of the Commiflioners of the Treasury, have been diredfced or shall be directed to be paid Net or without Deduction; Provided always, That the Authority for the Payment,

Net

*7

The Queen of Royal Faintly not cliaigeabie in rcfpe&of Annuities.

Superannuated Sea Officers, &c. not chargeable.

NorToll-kecpers.

Refldentiaries not chargeable in certain Cafes.

Said Duties (ball not be charged on Penfions, &c. specially exempted.

A.D.i$o8.

18

Duties on Sugar, granted by 27 G. 3.C. 13 : 34 G. 3. c. 4 :

37	G. 3. c. 15 ; on Malt by

27 G. 3 .c. 13. i Tobacco and Smti?, by 29 G. 3. c. 68. continuocl by

38	G. 3. c. 60 : 89 G. 8. C. 3. &c.; altered by 43 G. 3. c. 68, 69; continued by 47 G. 3. ft. 1. c. 4. to 25 March 1808; further continued to 28 March 1809.

c.2.	4g*	GEO.	IIL

Net or without Deduftion, of the Salary, Wages, or Stipend of any such Office or Employment, shall be certified by some principal Officer in the Department to which such Office or Employment so directed to be paid Net or without Deduftion belongs.

XLIII. * And whereas by the said Aft passed in the Thirty-4 eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majessy, intituled, * An 4 Ad for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchafe in the 1 Manner therein Jlatedy the several Sums of Money novo charged in f Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Tear, from the Twenty fifth 4 Day of March One thoufandfeven hundred and ninety-eight f it was 4 enacted, that the several Duties imposed on Sugar by three Afts of 4the Twenty-seventh, Thirty-fourth, and Thirty-feventh Years of 4 the Reign of His present Majessy, on Malt, bv an Aft made in the

*	Twenty-feventh Year of the Reign of His present Majessy, and the

•	Duties of Excife on Tobacco and Snuff, by an Aft made in the

•	Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majessy, should 4 continue in Force until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One 4 thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer, but

•	fhould from thenceforth cease and	un^e^8	the	fame

4 should be specially continued by Parliament, which said feveral

*	Duties were by an Aft made and passed in the thirty-ninth Year of

*	the Reign of His present Majessy, intituled, An Ad for coniitwing and 4 granting to His Majesty a Duty on Penftonsy Offices y and Perfonal 4 EJlatcs in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, 4 and certain Duties on Sugary Malty Tobaccoy and Snuffy for the 4 Service of the Tear One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, 4 further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One 4 thousand eight hundred, and which; by several subsequent Afts, 4 were further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One 4 thousand eight hundred and seven: And whereas by an Aft pafTed 4 in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majessy, 4 intituled, An Ad to repeal the Duties of Cufoms payable in Great 4 Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof the said several 4 Duties on Sugar were repealed, and other Duties granted on Sugar 4 in lieu thereof: And whereas by another Aft, pafTed in the fame 4 Seffion of Parliament, intituled. An Ad to repeal the Duties of 4 Excife payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu 4 thereof certain of the said Duties on Licences to be taken out by 4 Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff, and certain Duties on Tobacco, 4 were repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof: And whereas 4 the said Duties granted by the laid lad recited Afts, were continued 4 until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred 4 and seven: And whereas the said Duties on Sugar, and the said « Duties on Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, together with the said 4 Duties relating to Licences and Tobacco, were by an Aft pafTed in 4 the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of His present Majessy,

4 further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thou-4 sand eight hundred and eightbe it further enacted. That the fhid several Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, and the said Afts granting and continuing the fame, and all the Provifions thereof, shall be and the fame are hereby severally and respectively further continued from and after the Expiration of the Time limited as aforesaid, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight

i	hundred

AD.iftoB.

99

48° GEO. III.	G.&

hundred and nine, and all Monies arifmg thereby, which shall be paid isto the (aid Receipt of the Exchequer, shall be entered separate and from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided sod kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, One Book of Regifter, in which all the Money that shall be paid into the Exchequer for the said Rates and Duties of Six-peace, and One Shilling, and the Rates and Duties hereby granted oa Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff* and also the Rates and Affeff-ments hereby granted on Perfonal Estates, and on Offices and Employ-meats of Profit, Penfions, Annuities, and Stipends, herein-before mentioned, shall be entered and regifiered apart and diflin& from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majeffy.

XL.V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commiifioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, at any Time or Times, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three Millions, in the fame or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the fame or like Rules and Dire&ions, as are or shall be prescribed in and by an A& patted, or which may be patted in this Seffion of Parliament, for regulating the iiTuing and paying off Exchequer Bills.

XL.VI. And be it further enacted. That all and every the Clauses, Prorifoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in an A & palied, or which may be patted in this Seffion of Parliament, for regulating the issuing and paying off Exchequer Bills, shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this A&, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Claufes or Provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-ena&ed in the Body of this A&.

XLVII. And be it further enacted. That the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this A&, shall and may bear an Intereft not exceeding the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

XL.VIII. And be it declared, and further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England*, to advance or lend to His Majessy, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills authorized by this A&, any* Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three Millions, any Thing in an A&, made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled. An AS for granting to their Mayflies several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vejfels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, and for securing certttin Recompcnces and Advantages in the said AS mentioned, to such Ferfons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One Million five hundred thousand Pounds towards carry-ingon the U'ar againjl France, or in any subsequent A&, to the contrary thereof in any wife not with (landing.

XLIX. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Comtniffioners of the Treasury shall, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered, to cause such Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this A&, to be placed as fb much Cafh in the respective Offices

of

Monies paid into Exchequer antler thisA& shall be entered fcjxtrate liruni other payments. -

Treafury may wife 3,000,0001. by Exchequer Mills. [.See 49 G. 3.c. l.J

Clauses, &c. in 48 G. 3. c. I. relating to Exchequer Bills, applied to thk

aa.

Intereft on Exchequer Bilk 4 per Cent.

Bank of England

authorized to advance

3,000,0001. on Credit of thh A a.

5, 6 Girt, ft Mar. c. 20. $ 30.

Said Exchequer Bills shall be place* I as Caih in the Exchequer:

and dial! be iflu-able thereout in common with other Monies*

Said Exchequer Bills and Interect, &c. charged on the Duties granted bj this Aft.

Manner of paying oft* said Bilk.

Account of said Exchequer Bills shall be made out up to 25 March 1809.

Money remaining due charged on the then next Aids.

Surplus ftiall be carried to Confab lidated Fund*

Treafnry may allow out of Confi -lidated Fund, the Charges of making out the Exchequer Bills.

C.t.	48® GEO. Ilf;	A.D.igofl.

of the Tellers of the said Receipt of Exchequer, each and every :,j of which Tellers shall be severally charged with a Proportion of the said Bills which'fhall be so placed in his Office respectively $ any Law * -or'Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

L. And it is hereby also enabled and declared, That the said Exchequer Bills in the Hands of the said Tellers shall be locked , up, and secured as Cafh, according to the Courfe of the Exchequer, . and shall be taken and esteemed as so much in part of the Remains .' in real Money, wherewith each of the said Tellers shall from Time**' to Time Hand charged, in common with other the Monies in the said Exchequer, any Law or Ufage to the contrary notwith/landing-.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Aft, together with the Intereft that may become due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the fame, shall be, and the fame are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the Rates, Duties, and AfTeffments, granted by this Aft ; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, to direft to be : ifTued to the said Paymafters by way of Imprest, - and upon Account, such Sums of Money, and at such Periods, as the said Com-miflioners shall think necessary, for or towards paying off and difeharg-ing the Exchequer Bills which shall have been made forth by virtue of this Aft, or any of them, and for and towards paying the interest to become due on the said Bills, and for and towards the Charge of ex- ' changing and circulating the fame Bills, or any of them.

LI I. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That on the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, or within Ten Days after, the Commissioners of the Treasury or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall cause a true and perfect Account in Writing, to be	l

taken and attested by the proper Officers, of the Amount of all Ex-	,

chequer Bills that shall have been ifTued by virtue of this Aft, and how much thereof shall before that Time have been paid off or dif-charged, and how much thereof shall then remain undifeharged.

LIU.	And it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies so remaining unsatisfied or not discharged, with the Intereft due or to grow due thereon, and the Charges of Exchanging and circulating the fame, shall be paid and satisfied out of the next Aid or Aids to be granted in Parliament, after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine. ,

LIV.	And be it further enacted. That the Surplus of the Monies arising from the Rates, Duties, and AfTeffments, granted and imposed by this Aft, after paying off and satisfying all the Exchequer Bills issued by virtue of this Aft, together with the Intereft that may become due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the fame, shall, as the Surplus of any such Monies respectively shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, be carried to and made part of, the Confolidated Fund.

L V. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority afore-said, l^hat the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time

feeing*

A&iiot.

48° GEO. Ill*	C.2tp

bdagi M have Power, and he or they are hereby enabled to pay and albrcrcaafe to be paid and allowed out of the Monies to arise of or Rates and Duties hereby granted, or of or for the Contused Fund, from Time to Time, the necessary Charges of a&g forth the new Exchequer Bills hereby authorized to be made d such other Charges as shall be ncceiJarily incident, in or for tk Execution of this Aft, or any Part thereof in relation to the Isd Bli, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LYL Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority afore-fsd, fht whatever Monies shall be issued out of the said Confolidated Fj-4 ihall from Time to Time be replaced by and. out of the First applies to be then after granted in Parliament, any Thing hereia caused to the contrary notwithilanding.

uAd may be altered or repealed this Sciiion. § 57.”

CAP. III.

An A ft for empowering the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance the Sum of Three Millions, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.	[27th	February	1808,]

^	4	Moll Gracious Sovereign,

'TTTHEREAS the Governor and Company of the Bank of * VV England are willing and have agreed to advance towards the Supply granted to Your Majesty for the Service of the Year One ^oufand eight hundred and eight, the Sum of Three Millions, on 'or before the Fifth Day of Abril One thousand eight hundred and ‘tight, on the Security of Exchequer Bills, to bear Date on the Day ‘w Days of the Advance thereof, to be made payable without In* ' terect, and to be charged and chargeable upon and repaid out of the 4 first Aids or Supplies which, after the Ratification of a Definitive f Treaty of Peace, /hall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the

*	then current Year; and in cafe sufficient Aids and Supplies /hall not 1 be granted by Parliament for that Purpofe before the Expiration of

I * Six Months next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of

*	Peace, the fame to be charged and chargeable upon and repaid out

*	of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain : Now, we Your Majesty *S 'moftdutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United King-4 dom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, being 4 delirous to raise, with as much Eafe and Advantage as possible to {Your Majefty’s Subjests, the necessary Supplies for the Service of 4 the present Year, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may 'beenaftedand be it enacted by the King’s rrioft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it /hall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on or before the Fifth Day of dfr'i!One thousand eight hundred and eight, to advance and lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon tjie Credit of the Exchequer Bills authorized to be issued under this Aft, the Sum of Three Millions, any Thing contained in any Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding : And it shall also be lawful for ^tWCommiflioncrs of His Majefty's Treasury now or for the Time buug, or any Three or more of them, to cause or direft any Number

/	of

3*

SaivlGiarge* shall be replaced out of the Firil Supplies,

Bank emprwpred to lend Three Millions,

Treafury IhaR make out Exchequer Bdb.

3.X

Under 38 G. 3. c.S.Newcaftleon Tyne was charged with a certain Sum, part thereof railed on the Amount of the Duty on Coala, which, under 39 G.3. C.84: 39,40G.3.c.43. was purchased from the Puke of Richmond, and the said Duty was welled in the (Crown.

C*3«	4®° GEO. IIT*	AJ3* i(8o8j

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An A3 for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax9 to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thoufandfeyen hundred and ninety-eight9 are provided and established for ascertaining, railing, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying, and managing the Kates and AffefTments granted by the said last mentioned Ad } and which by the said other Ad, pa(Ted in the fame Thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, intituled, An A3 for making perpetual, fubjeS to Redemption and Purchafe in the Manner therein fated, the fevera! Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land iax9 for one Tear9 from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, are continued and made perpetual, in relation to the Rates and Afleffments charged on !Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, until the Redemption and Purchafe thereof, shall be practised, used, and put in Execution in and for the ascertaining, raising, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying, and managing the said laft-mentioned Rates, AffefTments, and Sums of Money to be charged, aflelTed, and levied by virtue of this Ad, in respect of Perfonal Estates, and in respect of Offices or Employments of Profit, and Annuities, Pen (ions, Stipends, and other yearly Payments, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enaded in this Ad.

XXIX.	9 Whereasby an Ad, pafTed in the Thirty-eighth Year of f the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An A3 for granting

*	an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax9 to be raised in Great Britain,

*	for the Service of the Tear One thoufandfeven hundred and ninety -eight, 9 the Town and County of the Town of Newcaftle-upon-Tyne was 9 charged in the Sum of Two thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds ‘ Sixteen Shillings and Four-pence, Part whereof has been raised and 9 charged on the Duty herein-after mentioned: And whereas by two

*	Ads, one thereof pafTed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of ‘ His said present Majesty, intituled, An AB to enable the Lords Com-‘ mi (/toners of the Treasury to contraB with the Mojl Noble Charles

*	fluke of Richmond for the absolute Purchafe of the Property of the

* said Duke9 and all others interejled9 in a certain Duty of Twelve•

*	pence per Chaldron on Coals Jhipped in the River Tyne, to be confumed

*	in England, and to grant a Combenfation for the famc9 by way of An-9 nutty 9 payable out of the Confolidated Fund; and the other thereof

*	paffed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His

*	laid Majesty, intituled. An AB to confirm an Agreement entered into 9 between the Commissioners of His Mayfly's Treafury9 and the Mojl 9 Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, in burftiance of an AB faffed in 9 the Thirty-ninth Tear of His present Majejly9 intituled^ 9 An AB to 9 enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to contraB with the 9 Mojl Noble Charles Duke of Richmond for the absolute Purchafe of 9 the Property of the said Dukc9 and all others interejled9 in a certain 9 Duty of Twelve-pence per Chaldron on foals Jhipped in the River 9 Tyne, to he consumed in England, and to grant a Compenfation for 9 the fame bp way of Annuity, payable out of the Confolidated Fund/

9 and by virtue of the Agreement therein recited, the said Duty,

9 from and after th6 Twenty-fecond Day of August One thousand 9 seven hundred and ninety-nine, was veiled in, and made payable to

*	His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, and the fame hath ever fince

♦ beei}

AD.iftoft.

C.z

*3

48* GEO. IIL

4feencoHe&ed with and paid as the other Duties of Cuftoms have ‘beta colksted, and paid ; and it is therefore just that the said Town 4 wi County of the said Town, should, from the above Period, be 1 exonerated and discharged from the Amount annually charged on the ‘fiid Duty as aforesaid ;* Be it further enacted, That it shall be bwfol for the Commiflioners of the said Town and County to certify to the Barons of His Majcfty’s Court of Exchequer, what Sum and Sums of Money have been charged on the Duty in the said Two last recited Afts mentioned since the Day of the Surrender of the fame, or virtue of the said Two laft-recitcd Adis, and the Agreement rHerein mentioned; and the said Barons, or any Two or more of :! em, have hereby Power, by their Difcretions, at any Time before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, to dilcharge or cause to be discharged so much of the said Sum cf Two thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds Sixteen Shillings ind Four-pence, as shall appear to them to have been charged on the said Duty, since the said Twenty-fecond Day of Augufl One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine ; and the laid Sums shall or may be discharged upon the Duplicates returned or to be returned for the laid Town and County, and shall be allowed upon the Accounts of the Receivers General, and the Inhabitants of the said Town and County shall be acquitted against His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, for the Payment of such Sums so discharged, or ordered to be discharged, by the Bfrons of the said Exchequer, as well for the Afleffments heretofore made as for all Afleffments hereafter to be made; any Thing in the said first recited Aft to the contrary notwithstanding,

XXX.	And b£ it further enacted, That in cafe the Proportions let by this Aft upon all and every the respective Pari(he9, Confta-Llewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places in England, Wales, and Bersvich-ufon-Tweed, imrefpeft of any such Perfonal Eftate as aforesaid, :hall not be fully affeffect, levied, and paid, according to the true Meaning thereof, or if any of the said AffefTments, in respect of such Perfonal Estate, shall be rated or imposed upon any Peiibn not bring of Ability to pay the fame, or that through any Wilfulness, Negleft, Mistake, or Accident, the said AfTefTment charged in each Panfh or Place as aforesaid by virtue of this Aft, happens not to be paid to the Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, as in this Aft is dirested; that then and in all and every such Cafe or Cafes the several and respective Commiflioners, Afleflors, and Colleftors, acting in the Execution of this Aft in relation to the said Duties on Perfonal Edates, and the said laft-mentioned Duties in respect of Offices and Employments of Profit, Annuities, Penfions, Stipends, and other yearly Payments, and eveiy of them respectively, are hereby authorized and required to assess and re-aiTefs, or cause to he afTefled and re-affeffect, levied, and paid, all and every such Sum and Sum9 of Money upon the respective Parifhes or Places wherein such Deficiencies shall happen, as to such Commissioners, or such Number of them as by this Aft are authorized to cause the said first AfTefTment hereby required to be made, shall Teem mod agreeable to Equity and Juftice; the said new Afleffment to be made, collested, and paid in such Manner, and by such Means as in this Aft or any Aft hereby referred to, if declared and directed for other Afleffments.

XXXI.	* And in order to afeertain more particularly the Mode of t assessing and rating the several Perfons who shall be charged with

C 4	*	any

On Certificate ot Commiflioners of Land Tax for Newraflle, to the Exchequer, of the Suras charged on said Duty, Exchequer may difcliarge the fame.

Where deficiencies arise new AflefTmentrihaU be made.

Perfons shall be rated where nfir dent;

24

C.2.

A.D. i8o8.

or if out of the Kingdom, in the Place of their lift Abode.

Perfonal Eftate {hall he assessed where it shall be, though the pof-feffor refidetelfe-wherc.

Perfont doubly rat ed shall be rer licvedon Certificate.

Exemption of Perfonal Eftate in Scotland, Ireland, &$.

Perfont avoiding the Tax charged Treble.

48° GEO. III.

f any* Rate or Aflefiment in respect of any Eftates in teady Money, ‘ Debts, or Perfonal Estate, in England, Wales, or Ber*ivick-upon-‘ Tweedbe it further enacted, That every Perfon who is or {hall be rated for or in respect of any Perfonal Eftate to him or her anyways belonging, shall he rated at such Place where he or {he shall be refi-dentat the Time of the Execution of this Aft ; and all Perfons not being Houfeholders, nor having a certain Place of Refidence, shall be taxed at the Place where they shall be resident at the Time of the Execution of this Aft 5 and if any person who ought to be taxed in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, by virtue of this Aft, for or m respect of his or her Perfonal Estate, shall, at the Time of his or her AfTeflment, be out of the Realm, such Perfon shall be rated therefore in such Paristi, Conftablewick, Division, Allotment, or Place, where he was last abiding within this Realm.

XXXII.	Provided always. That where, any Perfon shall have any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or rerfonal Estate, in any Parifti or Pari(he8, Conftablewick or Conftablewicks, Divifion or Diviftons, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places, other than the Parifh, Conftablewick, Division, Allotment, or Place where he or (he Audi be resident, or had his or her Refidence, it shall be lawful at any Time before the Twenty-fourth Day of Augufi One thousand eight hundred and eight to rate and assess such Perfon for such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels,or Perfonal Estate, in any Parifh or Parifhes, Conftablewick or Conftablewicks, Divifion or Diviflons, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places where the fame shall be; Provided also, that if any Perfon or Perfons, by reason of his, her, or their having several Manfion Houfes or Places of Refidence, or otherwise, mall be doubly charged for any Perfonal Eftate by occa-fion of this Aft, then upon Certificate made by any Two or more of such Commiflioners for the County, Riding, City, or Place of his, her, or their last Perfonal Refidence, under their Hands and Seals, of the Sum or Sums charged upon him, her, or them (which Certificate the said Commiflioners are hereby required to give without Delay, Fee, or Reward), and upon Oath made of fuck Certificate before any Two such Commiflioners who have Authority to put this Aft in Execution for the County, Riding, City, or Place, where the said Certificate shall be made, (which Oath such Commiflioners are hereby authorized and required to adminifter) then the Perfon or Perfons so doubly charged shall, for so much as shall be certified, be discharged in every other Parifh, Conftablewick, Division, Allotment, pf Place in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed.

XXXIII.	Provided also. That this Aft shall not extend to the Inhabitants of Scotland, Ireland, Jersey, or Guernfey, for aflefling any such Perfonal Eftate which they, or any to their Ufe, have within those Places, for or towards the said Sum hereby authorized to be charged upon any Parifh or Parifhes, Conftablewick or Conftablewicks, Divifion or Divisions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed as aforesaid : And if any Perfon that ought to be taxed by virtue of this Aft, for or in respect of his or her Perfonal Estate, shall, by changing his or her Place of Refideuce, or by any other Fraud or Covin, escape from the Taxation, and not be taxed and the fame be proved before the Com-miflioners, or any Two or more of them, at any Time within One Year next after such Tax made, every Perfon that shall so escape front the Taxation and Payment, (ball be charged, upon Proof

thereof

A.D.i8o8.

48° GEO. III.

C.2.

♦5

Ittaeof, at Treble the Value of so much as he or she should or ought to tare been charged at by this Aft, the said Treble Value, upon Certificate thereof made into the Exchequer by the Commissioners, hefatt whom such Proof shall be made, to be levied on the Goods, Lands, and Hereditaments of such Perfons.

XXXIV.	«And, for the better Difcovery of Perfonal Eftate in-• taxied to be charged by this Aft \* be it further enacted, That every Houfeholder in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, shall upon Demand of the Afleffors of the respective Parifhes or Places, give 2n Account of the Names and Qualities of such Perfons as mall fojoum or lodge in their respective Houses, under the Penalty of forfeiting to His Majesty the Sum of Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in such Manner as any other Penalty in this Aft mentioned shall and may be .levied and recovered.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That the several Members of Parliament who at the Execution of this Aft, during this or the subsequent Seffion of Parliament, shall abide within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs of the fame, or within the County of Mtddlefexy shall, for or in respect of their ready Money or Debts, or any other Tax which may be laid on their Perfonal Eftate or Perfons in respect thereof, during this or the next Seffion of Parliament, be affefTed only in the Places where such Members have their Manfion Houses, or other Places where they most usually reside during the Intervals of Parliament 5 and in cafe any AfTeffor or Commiffioner shall afTefs, or cause to be adeifed, any Member of Parliament contrary to the Provifion hereby made, he or they shall forfeit to the Party grieved the Sum of Forty Pounds to be recovered by Aftion of Debt or upon the Cafe, together with full Cofts of Suit ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI.	Provided always, That where any Perfon liable to be rated in respect of such Perfonal Estate, and inhabiting within the City of London, or any other City or Town Corporate in England, Walesy or Berwick-upon-Tweed, hath his Dwelling House in One of the Parifhes or Wards therein, and hath any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, in any One or more of the other Parifhes or Wards within the fame, that then such Perfon shall be taxed, charged, and afTeffed for such his Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Parifh or Ward where he dwelleth, and not elsewhere, within the laid City and Town Corporate.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted. That the Officers in the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, and in other the Publick Offices, upon request to them made by the respective AlfelTors, shall deliver, gratis, true Lifts or Accounts of all Penfions, Annuities, Stipends, or other Annual Payments, and of all Fees, Salaries, and other Allowances, payable at the said Receipt, or m the said Pub-lick Offices, to any Commiffioner or Commissioners, Officer or Officers, for the Execution of this Aft for the better Guidance bf the fetid AffefTors in the charging of the fame; and that in all Cafes where any Penfions, Annuities, Stipends, or other yearly Payments, or the Fees, Salaries, Wages, or other Allowances or Profits charged by tjiis Aft, shall be payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, or at any other Publick Office, or by any of HisMajefty’s Receivers or Pay-mafters in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, the said laft-ipentioned Tax or Payment, which in punuance of this Aft fhall

Penalty on

Housekeepers not giving Lift of Lodgers, 5l.

Members of Parliament shall be rated at their Manfion Houfes.

Inhabitants of Towns shall be afTcfled in the Parifh where they rcfidc.

Officers of Exchequer, &c. shall deliver Lifts of Penfions, Annuities, &c. to Commissioners, and in Default of Payment of the Rate, it may be flopped out of the Penfion, &c.

A.D. x6o8.

C.3t.

43° GEO. III.

Officers shall pay where employed.

Officer* in Chancery shall f>e af-fcfled in the’RoIls Li?>crty, by die Mailers, &c.

Penfions rateable where payable.

Where Office is executed by Deputy, iheAfleJT-ment shall Be paid by him.

fee charged for or in respect of such Annuities, Stipends, Fees, Salaries, Wages, Allowances, or Profits, shall and may (in cafe of non-payment thereof) be detained and Hopped out of the fame, or out of any Money which shall be paid upon such Penfions, Annuities, Stipends, Fees, Salaries, Wages, Allowances, or Profits, or for Arrears thereof, and be applied to the Satisfaction of the Rates and Duties not otherwise paid as aforesaid; and the proper Officer s in the said Exchequer, and other the Publick Offices aforesaid, shall keep true Accounts of all Monies (lopped, and (upon requeil) shall give Copies of such Accounts to the proper Colleftors or such Monies for the respective Pariffies or Places where the said Monies are afiefled by this Adi.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That every Perfon in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, rated or a(fe(Ted for his Office or Employment, shall be rated and pay for his said Office or Employment in the County, City, or Place, where the fame shall be exercised, although the Revenue or Profits arising by luch Office or Employment are payable elsewhere: Provided always, that the Right Honourable the Matter of the Rolls, the Matters in Chaneery, Six Clerks, Clerks of the Petty Bag, Examiners, Regifters, Clerks of the Inrolments, Clerks of the Affidavit and Subpoena Office, and all other the Officers of the Court of Chancery that execute their Offices within the Liberties of the Rolls, shall be there afiefled to the said laft-mentioned Duties for their respective Offices, Salaries, and other Profits, and not elsewhere ; and the said Matters in Chancery for the Time being, and the said Six Clerks and Remitters for the Time being, shall be the Commissioners for putting in Execution, and shall put in Execution this Adi, with relation to the laft-men-tioned Duties, within the said Liberty, and exercise the Powers therein contained ; and that all Annuities, Stipends, and Penfions, payable to any Officers in respect of their Offices, shall be taxed and afiefled to the said laft-mentioned Duties where such Offices are rated and assessed for their Offices, and not elsewhere ; and that all other Penfions, Stipends, and Annuities in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed not charged upon Lands, shall be charged and assessed in the Parifhes and Places where they are payable.

XXXIX.	1 And whereas divers Offices and Employments of

*	Profit, chargeable by this Aft, are executed by Deputy, and the

*	principal Officers living in Places remote from the Division, Pariflt,

*	or Place, where such Offices or Employments are taxable, the Rates < and Affeflments for such particular Offices and Employments cannot 1 be recovered without great Charge and Difficulty be it therefore enacted, That where any Office or Employment of Profit chargeable by this Aft, is or shall be executed by Deputy, such Deputy shall pay such Affeffment as shall be charged thereon, and deduct the fame out of the Profits of such Office or Employment; and in cafe of Refufal or Non-payment thereof, such Deputy shall be liable to such Diiirefs as by this Aft is prescribed against any Perfon having and enjoying any Office or Employment of Profit, and to all other Remedies and Penalties therein respectively contained; and that there shall be the like Remedies and Penalties for the recovering the Monies assessed upon any such Office or Employment of Profit to the Land Tax for the Year One thousand seven hundred and fix, and for any subsequent Year not yet Satisfied, in all Cafes where the Accounts

of

h48° GEO, III,	c:%.

A thole Years, or any of them, are not otherwise cleared in the Exchequer.

ILL. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That £hs Ad, or any Thing herein contained, shall not charge or be rathued to charge Her Majesty the Queen, or any of the Royal Family, for or in rcfped of any Annuities or yearly Payments grarted to Her (aid Majesty and to their said Royal Highnestes, but that such Sums of Money, Annuities, or yearly Payments, and her hid Majesty and their Royal Highnestes, and their Treafurers, Re-c?:\ers General, and Servants for the Time being, in respect of the fune, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impofltions, and other Charges whatsoever: Provided also, that this A61, or any of the fe-reral Claufes herein contained, shall not extend to charge the Peniions of any superannuated Commiflion or Warrant Sea or Land Officer, or the Penhons of Widows of Sea or Land Officers (lain in the Service of the Crown; or the Revenue of the moil Noble Order of the Garter ; or the Penhons of the Poor Knights of Windfor, payable out of the Exchequer only ; or to charge a certain Penfion of One hundred Pounds, granted by the late King Charles the Second, to the Poor Clergy of the Isle of Mans or to charge the Peniions or Salaries of His Majefty*8 Pages of Honour; or of the Officers and Perfons employed or to be employed in collecting the Tolls and Duties payable by virtue of any Ad or Ads of Parliament for making, repairing, or maintaining any publick Roads, by reason of their said Offices or Employments, or any Salary arising thereby.

XLI. ‘ And whereas the Rents and Revenues belonging to the *Refidentiaries of the Cathedral Churches in England and Ivales, are 4 chargeable to the Land Tax granted and made perpetual as aforesaid,

< and m some Cafes the Overplus of the said Rents and Revenues

*	above such Tax, Repairs, and other Charges, is to go in Shares for

*	the Maintenance of the (aid Refidentiaries, which Shares are dimi-1 niffied by the said Land Tax it is hereby provided and enacted, That in such Cafes the said Refidentiaries shall not by this Ad, or any of the Claufes therein contained be further chargeable as enjoying Offices of Profit out of the said Rents and Revenues; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing hereiu contained shall extend or be construed to extend to charge or to authorize the deducing or aifeffing the said Duties of Sixpence or One Shilling respectively or either of them, or the said last mentioned Duty or Sum of Money granted by this Ad, upon any Perfon in respect of any Office or Employment of Profit, or upon any Annuity, Penfion, Stipend, or other yearly Payment, in any cafe in which the Penfion, Annuity, Salary, Wages, Fees, Perquisites, Gratuities, Stipend, or other Payment yearly or other-wife shall have been specially exempted from any or either of such Duties, or from the Payment of any Aids or Taxes by any Ad of Parliament, or in any cafe in which any Salary, Wages, or Stipend of any Office or Employment shall by any Order of His Majesty in Couneil, or by any Warrant under his Majefty’s Royal Sign Manual, or by any Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, have been directed or shall be directed to be paid Net or without De-dudion; Provided always, That the Authority for the Payment,

Net

*7

The Queen of Royal Family not chaigeable in refpe&of Annuities.

Superannuated Sea Officers, &c« not changeable.

NorToll-kecpers.

Refidentiaries not chargeable in certain Cafes.

Said Duties shall not be charged on Peniions, &c. specially exempted.

*8

A.D. 1808.

Duties on Sugar, granted by 27 G. 3.c. 13 : * 34 G. 3. q. 4 :

37	G.3. c. 15 : on Malt by

27 G. 3 .c. 13. n Tobacco and Snuis, by 29 G. 3. c. 68. continual by

38	G. 3. c. 60 :

39	G. 8. c. 3. &c.; altered by 43 G. 3. c. 68, 69; continued by 47 G. 3. ft. 1. c. 4. to 25March 1808; further continued to 25 March 1809.

G. 2.	4*e	GEO.	III.

Net or without Deduftion, of the Salary, Wages, or Stipend of any such Office or Employment, shall be certified by some principal Officer in the Department to which such Office or Employment so directed to be paid Net or without Deduftion belongs.

XLIIL 4 And whereas by the said Aft passed in the Thirty-

*	eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 4An

*	AS for making perpetual, fubjeS to Redemption and Purchafe in the 1 Manner therein Jlated, the federal Sums of Money now charged in f Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Year, from the Twenty fifth 4 Day of March One thoufandfven hundred and ninety-eight ,y it was 4 enacted, that the several Duties imposed on Sugar by three Afts of 4 the Twenty-seventh, Thirty-fourth, and Thirty-feventh Years of

*	the Reign of His present Majesty, on Malt, by an Aft made in the

*	Twenty-feventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the

*	Duties of Excife on Tobacco and Snuff, by an Aft made in the

*	Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, fhould

*	continue in Force until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One

*	thoufand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer, but

*	fhould from thenceforth cease and cjetennine un^e^s the fame

*	fhould be specially continued by Parliament, which said feveral

*	Duties were by an Aft made and passed in the thirty-ninth Year of 4 the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An ASfor continuing and

*	granting to His Majesty a Duty on Penfions, Offices, and Perfonal 4 Eftates in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, 4 and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the 4 Service of the Tear One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, 4 further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One 4 thousand eight hundred, and which,' by several subsequent Afts, 4 were further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One 4 thousand eight hundred and seven : And whereas by an Aft palled 4 in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

4 intituled, An AS to repeal the Duties of Cujloms payable in Great 4 Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, the said several 4 Duties on Sugar were repealed, and other Duties granted on Sugar 4 in lieu thereof: And whereas by another Aft, passed in the fame 4 Seffion of Parliament, intituled. An AS to repeal the Duties of 4 Excife payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duttes in lieu 4 thereof, certain of the said Duties on Licences to be taken out by 4 Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff, and certain Duties on Tobacco,

4 were repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof: And whereas 4 the said Duties granted by the laid last recited Afts, were continued 4 until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred 4 and seven: Ana whereas the said Duties on Sugar, and the said 4 Duties on Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, together with the said 4 Duties relating to Licences and Tobacco, were by an Aft passed in

4 the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

4 further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March Onethou-4 sand eight hundred and eight j* be it further enacted, That the said several Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, and the said Afts granting and continuing the fame, and all the Provifions thereof, /hall be and the fame are hereby severally and respectively further continued from and after the Expiration of the Time limited as aforesaid, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight

1	hundred



48° GEO. III.	G.2j	*9

kindred and nine, and all Monies arising thereby, which shall be paid iato the laid Receipt of the Exchequer, shall be entered separate and hfind from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided Monies paid into sad kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, One Book of Regifter, in which all the Money that shall entSem] fcparatr be paid into the Exchequer for the said Rates and Duties of Six- |'rum other l’ay-pence, and One Shilling, and the Rates and Duties hereby granted meats. -oa Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, and also the Rates and Afleff-roents hereby granted on Perfonal Eflates, and on Offices and Employments of Profit, Penfions, Annuities, and Stipends, herein-before mentioned, shall be entered andregiftered apart and distinct from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty.

XL.V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Treasury mar Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, at any Time or Times, »He3,ooo,oooL to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer for any Sum or Sums of Money not q a c i 1 ** exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three Millions, in the fame or	J

like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the fame or like Rules and Directions, as are or shall be prescribed in and by an Ad passed, or which may be passed in this Selfion of Parliament, for regulating the ifliiing and paying off Exchequer Bills.

XX.VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Clauses, &c. in Provifoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, 48 G. a. u and Disabilities, contained in an Aft palied, or which may be passed ^tin# ^ in this Seffion of Parliament, for regulating the ifilling and paying	^	^

off Exchequer Bills, shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Ad, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Claufes or Provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-enaded in the Body of this Ad.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to Intereft on Ex-be made out in pursuance of this Ad, shall and may bear an Intereft chequer Bills not exceeding the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum upon or 4 *** in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

XLVII I. And be it declared, and further enacted, That it shall Bank of England be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,, authorized to to advance or lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exche- a^’ance quer, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills authorized by this CredU^f'tlS Ad, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three Millions, any Thing in an Ad, made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Jtfaryf intituled. An Ad for granting to their Majejlies several Rates and ^ 6 g. Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Veffels, and upon Beer, Ale9 and Mar. c. ao. § 30. other Liquors, and for securing certain Recompcnces and Advantages in the said Ad mentionedf to such Ferfons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One Million five hundred thousand Pounds towards carry-ingon the War againfi France, or in any subsequent Ad, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XLIX. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Commissioners Said Exchequer of the Treasury shall, and they are hereby respectively authorized Bills thall be and empowered, to cause such Bills as shall be prepared by virtue place-1 as Caih in uf this A£i, to be placed as So much Cafh in the respective Offices

and shall be iflu-able thereout in common with other Monies*

Said Exchequer Bills and Interect, See. charged on the Duties granted by tlus A&.

Manner of paying oft' said Bills.

Accotmt of said Exchequer Bills shall be made out up to 25 March 1809.

Money remaining due charged on the then next Aids.

Surplus shall be carried to Confo^ lid&ted Fund.

Treafmy may allow out of Cxmft i lidated Fund, the Charges of making out the Exchequer Bills.

C.i.	48®	GEO.	Ill;	A.D.igog,

of the Tellers of the said Receipt of Exchequer, each and every of which Tellers shall be fevefally charged with a Proportion of the said Bills which "(hall be so placed in his Office respectively $ any Law or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

. L. And it is hereby also enacted and declared, 'That the said Exchequer Bills in the Hands of the said Tellers shall be locked up, and secured as Cafh, according to the Courfe of the Exchequer, and shall be taken and esteemed as so much in part of the Remains in real Money, wherewith each of the said Tellers shall from Time to Time (land charged, in common with other the Monies in the said Exchequer, any Law or Ufage to the contrary not with (landing*.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this A6fc, together with the Intereft that may become due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the fame, shall be, and the fame are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the Rates, Duties, and Affeffments, granted by this A&; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, to direct to be iffiied to the said Paymafters by way of Imprest, and upon Account, such Sums of Money, and at such Periods, as the said Com-miffioners shall think necefTary, for or towards paying off and difeharg-ing the Exchequer Bills which shall have been made forth by virtue of this A£, or any of them, and for and towards paying the interest to become due on the said Bills, and for and towards the Charge of exchanging and circulating the fame Bills, or any of them.

Ll I. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, or within Ten Days after, the Commissioners of the Treasury or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall caufc a true and perfect Account in Writing, to be taken and attested by the proper Officers, of the Amount of all Exchequer Bills that shall have been iffiied by virtue of this A&, and how much thereof shall before that Time have been paid off or dif-charged, and how much thereof shall then remain undischarged.

LIII. And it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid. That the Monies so remaining unsatisfied or not difcliarged, with the Intereft due or to grow due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the fame, shall be paid and satisfied out of the next Aid or Aids to be granted in Parliament, after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine.

LIV. And he it further enabled. That the Surplus of the Monies arising from the Rates, Duties, and Affeffinents, granted and imposed by this A&, after paying off and satisfying all the Exchequer Bills iffiied by virtue of this A 61, together with the Intereft that may become due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the fame, shall, as the Surplus of any such Monies respectively shall be paid into the Receipt ot the Exchequer, be carried to and made part of, the Confolidated Fund.

LV. Provided also, and it is hereby cna&ed by the Authority afore-' said, That the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time

being,

A.D.ifto8.

3T

48® GEO- III.	C-i,3.

bdag, shall have Power, and he or they are hereby enabled to pay and albv or cause to be paid and allowed out of the Monies to arise of or for the said Rates and Duties hereby granted, or of or for the Con-Llidated Fund, from Time to Time, the necessary Charges of diking forth the new Exchequer Bills hereby authorized to be made forth, and such other Charges as shall be necessarily incident, in or for the Execution of this Adi, or any Part thereof in relation to the hid Bills, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithitanding.

LVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority afore-laid, That whatever Monies shall be issued out of the said Confolidated Fund, shall from Time to Time be replaced by and. out of the First Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithitanding-

a Adt may be altered or repealed this Seflion. § 57.”

CAP. III.

An Aft for empowering the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance the Sum of Three Millions, to* wards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight-	[27th	February 1808,]

* Mod Gracious Sovereign,

‘YT7HEREAS the Governor and Company of the Bank of 1 W England are willing and have agreed to advance towards the ‘Supply granted to Your Majesty for the Service of the Year One ‘ thousand eight hundred and eight, the Sum of Three Millions, on ‘orbefore the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and ‘eight, on the Security of Exchequer Bills, to bear Date on the Day ‘or Days of the Advance thereof, to be made payable without In*

‘ terect, and to be charged and chargeable upon and repaid out of the ‘ first Aids or Supplies which, after the Ratification of a Definitive

*	Treaty of Peace, shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the ‘thencurrent Year; and in cafe sufficient Aids and Supplies shall not ‘ be granted by Parliament for that Purpofe before the Expiration of ‘Six Months next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of 1 Peace, the fame to be charged and chargeable upon and repaid out ‘ of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain : Now, we Your Majefty’s ‘moft dutiful and loyal Subjedts, the Commons of the United King-4 dom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, being 1 desirous to raise, with as much Eafe and Advantage as possible to (Your Majefty’s Subjedts, the necessary Supplies for the Service of 1 the present Year, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may

*	be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s rrfoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on or before the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight, to advance and lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon t^ie Credit of the Exchequer Bills authorized to be issued under this Adt, the Sum of Three Millions, any Thing contained in any Adt or Adis of Parliament to the contrary notwithitanding : And it shall also be lawful for the said Commiflioners of His Majefly's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, to cause or direct any Number

t	of

SaiJCharges Audi be replaced out of the Firii Supplies*

Bank emprwpred to lend Three Millions.

Treafury shall make out Exchequer bills.



Lnckf 38 G. 8* e.s.NcwcalUcon Tyne was charged 'with a certain Sum, part thereof railed on the Amount of the iDuty on Coals, which, under 39 G.3. C.84: *9,40G.3.c.43. Was purchased from the Duke of Richmond, and the said Duty was veiled in the .Crown.

C.2.	48° GEO. nr.	A*D. 1,808

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An A3 for granting an Aic to Hit Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for thi Service of the Tear One thousand /even hundred and ninety -rig ht, art provided and eftablilhed for ascertaining, raising, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying, and managing the Rates and AffefTments granted by the said law mentioned ACt $ and which by the said other A £t, patted in the fame Thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, intituled, <An <A8 for making perpetual, fubjeit to Redemption and Purchafe in the Manner therein footed, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for one Tearf from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand /even hundred and ninety-eight, are continued and made perpetual, in relation to the Rates and AffefTments charged on Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, until the Redemption and Purchafe thereof, shall be practised, used, and put in Execution in and for the ascertaining, railing, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying, and managing the said lad-mentioned Rates, A fTeflments, and Sum6 of Money to be charged, afTelTed, and levied by virtue of this A A, in respect of Perfonal E dates, and in respect of Offices or Employments of Profit, and Annuities, Penfions, Stipends, and other yearly Payments, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purpoles, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enaCted in this ACt.

XXIX. ‘Whereas by an ACt, patted in the Thirty-eighth Year of 4 the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An A3 for granting 4 an Aid to Hit Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain,

‘ for the Service of the Tear One thoufand[even hundred and ninety-eighty 4 the Town and County of the Town of Newcadle-upon-Tyne was

*	charged in the Sum of Two thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds ‘ Sixteen Shillings and Four-pence, Part whereof has been raised and

*	charged on the Duty herein-after mentioned; And whereas by two 4 ACts, one thereof passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of 4 Hi8 laid present Majesty, intituled, An A3 to enable the Lords Com•

*	miffioners of the Treasury to contra3 with the Mojl Noble Charles 4 £)uke of Richmond for the absolute Purchafe of the Property of the 4 said Duke, and all others interejled, in a certain Duty of Twelve•

4 pence per Chaldron on Coalsjhippcd in the River Tyne, to be consumed 4 in England, and to grant a Combenfation for the fame, by way of An-‘ nuity, payable out of the Confolidated Fund; and the other thereof

*	paffed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His ‘ laid Majelty, intituled. An A3 to confirm an Agreement entered into 4 between the Commissioners of His Majefiy9s Treasury, and the Mojl 4 Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, in purfoance of an A3 faffed in € the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled% 4 An A3 to 4 enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to contract with the 4 Mojl Noble Charles Duke of Richmond for the absolute Purchafe of 4 the Property of the said Duke, and all others interejled, in a certain 4 Dufy of Twelve-pence per Chaldron on foals Jbipped in the River 4 Tyne* to be consumed in England, and to grant a Compenfation for 4 the fame bp way of Annuity, payable out of the Confoudated Fund,.

4 and by virtue of the Agreement therein recited, the said Duty,

*	from and after the Twenty-fecond Day of Augufl One thousand 4 seven hundred and ninety-nine, was veiled in, ana made payable to 4 His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and the fame hath ever fince

4 beei^

JLD. 180S.

C. 2

*3

4«a GEO. IIL

4 been coDcdcd with and paid as the other Duties of Cuftoms have ‘ collected, and paid ; and it is therefore just that the said Town

*	ad County of the said Town, should, from the above Period, be

*	aa>oerated and discharged from the Amount annually charged on the

'&d Duty as aforesaid Be it further enacted, That it shall be On Certificate 01 fcvful for the Commiflioners of the said Town and County to certify Comimffionm of lathe Barons of His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer, what Sum and l^ndTnxfor Sums of Money have been charged on the Duty in the said Two laft	U*SW

*wi:ed Afts mentioned since the Day of the Surrender of the fame, th^Surai^hnrgod hr virtue of the said Two laft-recited Afts, and the Agreement on (aid Duty/ iWrein mentioned 5 and the said Barons, or any Two or more of Exchequer may have hereby Power, by their Difcretions, at any Time before difchwge the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and t^ht, to discharge or cause to be discharged so much of the said Sum °*Two thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds Sixteen Shillings kd Four-pence, as shall appear to them to have been charged on the Duty, since the said Twenty-fecond Day of Augufl One thou-feven hundred and ninety-nine ; and the laid Sums shall or may 1* discharged upon the Duplicates returned or to be returned for the Uid Town and County, and shall be allowed upon the Accounts of the Receivers General, and the Inhabitants of the said Town and County tfull be acquitted against His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, for the Payment of such Sums so discharged, or ordered to be difeharg-td, by the Bfrons of the said Exchequer, as well for the Affeffment* heretofore made as for all Affeflments hereafter to be made; any Tiling in the said first recited Aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX.	And b£ it further enacted. That in cafe the Proportions Where defictea-fc: by this Ad upon all and every the refpeAive Parifhes, Confta- c?es wife new b!ewicks, Divisions, Allotments, and Places in England, Wales, and AfleffmentsHiiU Bmv'tck -upon -Tweed, inTefpeft of any such Perfonal Eftate as aforesaid,

!kQ not be fully assessed, levied, and paid, according to the true Meaning thereof, or if any of the said Affeflments, in respect of foch Perfonal Estate, shall be rated or imposed upon any Penon not being of Ability to pay the fame, or that through any Wilfulnefsf Negleft, Mistake, or Accident, the said Affeffment charged in each Parifh or Place as aforesaid by virtue of this Aft, happens not to be paid to the Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, as in this Aft is directed ; that then and in all and eveiy such Cafe or Cafes the several and respective Commiflioners, Afleflors, and Colleftors, acting in the Execution of this Aft in relation to the said Duties on Perfonal Edates, and the said lad-mentioned Duties in respect of Offices and Employments of Profit, Annuities, Penlions, Stipends, and other yearly Payments, and every of them respectively, are hereby authorized and required to assess and re-afless, or cause to be assessed and re-affeffect, levied, and paid, all and every such Sum and Sums of Money upon the respective Parifhes or Places wherein such Deficiencies shall happen, as to such Commissioners, or such Number of them as by this Aft are authorized to cause the said first Affeffment hereby required to be made, shall seem mod agreeable to Equity and Juftice; the said new AfiefTment to be made, collested, and paid in such Manser, and by such Means as in this Aft or any Aft hereby referred to, is declared and directed for other Affeflments.

XXXI. 9 And in order to afeertain more particularly the Mode of Perfonsihallbe 'affeifcjr and rating the several Perfonswho shall be charged with mod where wfi-•	C*	‘any	***

A*D* i$o8f

or if out of the Kingdom, in the Place of their l&ft Abode.

Perfonal Eftate shall he assessed where it shall be, though the pof-feffor refide* clfe-where.

Perfons doubly rated shall be rer lievedon Certifr-cate.

Exemption of Perfonal Eftate in Scotland, Ireland, &$.

Perfona avoiding the Tax charged Treble.

C 2.	48°	GEO.	III.

*	any* Rate or Afleflment in respect of any Eftates in ready Money*

*	Debts, or Perfonal Estate, in England* Wales* or Berwick-upon-

*	Tweedbe it further enabled, That every Perfon who is or shall be rated for or in respect of any Perfonal Eftate to him or her anyways 1 belonging, shall he rated at such Place where he or (he shall be refi-dent at the Time of the Execution of this A61; and all Perfons not ; being Houfeholders, nor having a certain Place of Refidence, shall be taxed at the Place where they shall be resident at the Time of the Ex- 1 ecution of thiB Ad; and if any person who ought to be taxed in England* Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed* by virtue of this Aft, for or in respect of his or her Perfonal Estate, shall, at the Time of his or her Afleflment, be out of the Realm, such Perfon shall be rated therefore in such Parifli, Conftablewick, Division, Allotment, or Place, where he was last abiding within this Realm.

XXXII.	Provided always. That where any Perfon shall have any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or Perfonal Estate, in any Parifli or Parifhes, Conftablewick or Con (tablewicks, Divifion or Divisions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places, other | than the Parifli, Conftablewick, Division, Allotment, or Place where he or (he shall he resident, or had his or her Refidence, it shall he lawful at any Time before the Twenty-fourth Day of Augufi One thousand eight hundred and eight to rate and assess such Perfon for such Goods^Wares, Merchandize, Chattels,or Perfonal Estate, in any Parifli , or Pariihes, Conftablewick or Conftablewicks, Divifion or Divisions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places where the fame shall be: Provided also, that if any Perfon or Perfons, by reason of his, her, or " their having several Manfion Houfes or Places of Refidence, or otherwise, mall he doubly charged for any Perfonal Eftate by occa-fion of this A A, then upon Certificate made by any Two or more of such Commifiioners for the County, Riding, City, or Place of his, j her, or their last Perfonal Refidence, under their Hands and Seals, of the Sum or Sums charged upon him, her, or them (which Certificate the said Commiflioners are hereby required to give without Delay, Fee, or Reward), and upon Oath made of such Certificate before any Two such Commiflioners who have Authority to put this A A in Execution for the County, Riding, City, or Place, where the said Certificate shall be made, (which Oath such Commiflioners are hereby authorized and required to adminifter) then the Perfon or Perfons so doubly charged shall, for so much as shall he certified, he discharged in every other Parifli, Conflahlewick, Division, Allotment,

Of Place in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed'.

XXXIII.	Provided also. That this Ad shall not extend to the Inhabitants of Scotland, Ireland, Jersey, or Guernfey, for aflefling any such Perfonal Eftate which they, or any to their Ufe, have within those Places, for or towards the said Sum hereby authorized to be charged upon any Parifli or Pariihes, Conftablewick or Conftablewicks, Divifion or Divisions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places in England* Wales* and Berwick-upon-Tweed as aforesaid : And if any Perfon that ought to be taxed by virtue of this Ad, for or in respect of his or her Perfonal Estate, shall, by changing his or her Place of Refidence, or by any other Fraud or Covin, escape from the Taxation, and not be taxed and the fame be proved before the Commiflioners, or any Two or more of them, at any Time within One Year next after such Tax made, every Perfon that shall so escape iron} the Taxation and Payment, ftiall be charged, upon Proof

thereof

LD.iSoS.

C. 2,

48° GEO. Ill,

*S

thereof, at Treble the Value of so much as he or she should or ought to hare been charged at by this Aft, the said Treble Value, upon Certificate thereof made into the Exchequer by the Commissioners, before whom such Proof shall be made, to be levied on the Goods,

Lands, and Hereditaments of such Perfons.

XXXIV.	4 And, for the better Difcovery of Perfonal Eftate in- Penalty on

1 tended to be charged by this Aft ;* be it further enacted, That every Houfckeepm

Houfeholder in England* Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, shall upon

Demand of the Affeflors of the respective Parishes or Places, give ot	5	•

an Account of the Names and Qualities of such Perfons as mall

fojoum or lodge in their respective Houses, under the Penalty of

forfeiting to His Majesty the Sum of Five Pounds, to be levied and

recovered in such Manner as any other Penalty in this Aft mentioned

(hall and may be levied and recovered.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That the several Members of Member* of Par-Parliament who at the Execution of this Aft, during this or the lament Hull be subsequent Seffion of Parliament, shall abide within the Cities of rated their London and Westminster, and the Suburbs of the fame, or within the ^an^on Houfes. County of Middlesex, shall, for or in respect of their ready Money

or Debts, or any other Tax which may be laid on their Perfonal Edate or Perfons in respect thereof, during this or the next Seilion of Parliament, be assessed only in the Places where such Members have their Manfion Houses, or other Places where they mod usually reside during the Intervals of Parliament; and in cafe any Affeffor or Commiflioner shall affess, or cause to be affeffect, any Member of Parliament contrary to the Provifion hereby made, he or they shall forfeit to the Party grieved the Sum of Forty Pounds to be recovered by Aftion of Debt or upon the Cafe, together with full Cods of Suit ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithdanding.

XXXVI.	Provided always, That where any Perfon liable to be Inhabitants of

rated in respect of such Perfonal Edate, and inhabiting within the Towns shall be City of London, or any other City or Town Corporate in England,	jn	***?

Walts, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, hath his Dwelling House in One	m	**

of the Pari dies or Wards therein, and hath any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, in any One or more of the other Pari (hes or Wards

within the fame, that then such Perfon shall be taxed, charged, and assessed for such his Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Parifh or Ward where he dwelleth, and not elsewhere, within the laid City and Town Corporate.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted. That the Officers in the Officers of Receipt of His Majedy’s Exchequer, and in other the Publick

Offices, upon requed to them made by the respective Affeflors, shall of penfI^> ^n_ deliver, gratis, true Lids or Accounts of all Penfions, Annuities, nuiues, &c. to Stipends, or other Annual Payments, and of all Fees, Salaries, and Comraiffkmen, other Allowances, payable at the said Receipt, or in the said Pub- *nd in Defeuk of lick Offices, to any Commiflioner or Commissioners, Officer or Offi-	^	^

cers, for the Execution of this Aft for the better Guidance of the ^	rf

faid Affeflors in the charging of the fame; and that in all Cafes where the Penfion, &c. any Penfions, Annuities, Stipends, or other yearly Payments, or the Fees, Salaries, Wages, or other Allowances or Profits charged by tfiis Aft, shall be payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, or at any other Publick Office, or by any of HisMajefly's Receivers or Pay-jnafters in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon •Tweedy the said laft-pentioned Tax or Payment, which in punuance of this Aft (hall

be

A.D.i8o8*

"l6>

Officers shall pay where employed.

Officm in Chancery {hall J>e af-fefled in theUplls Lifxrty, by the Mailers, &c.

Penfions rateable where payable.

Where Office is executed by Deputy, theAfieff-ment fhali he paid by him.

C.3.	48° GEO. in.

he charged for or in respect of such Annuities, Stipends, Fees, Salaries, Wages, Allowances, or Profits, shall and may (in cafe of non-payment thereof) be detained and flopped out of the lame, or out of any Money which fhali be paid upon such Penfions, Annuities, Stipends, Fees, Salaries, Wages, Allowances, or Profits, or for Arrears thereof, and be applied to the Satisfaction of the Rates and Duties not otherwise paid as aforesaid; and the proper Officers in the said Exchequer, and other the Publick Offices aforesaid, fhali keep true Accounts of all Monies flopped, and (upon requeft) fhali give Copies of such Accounts to the proper Colle&ors of such Monies for the respective Parifhes or Places where the said Monies are aflefied by this Aft.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That every Perfon in England^ Walesy or Bcr*wick-upon-Tweedy rated or aflefied for his Office or Employment, fhali be rated and pay for his said Office or Employment in the County, City, or Place, where the fame fhali be exercised, although the Revenue or Profits arising by luch Office or Employment are payable elsewhere : Provided always, that the Right Honourable the Mailer of the Rolls, the Mailers in Chaneery, Six Clerks, Clerks of the Petty Bag, Examiners, Regiiler9, Clerks of the Inrolments, Clerks of the Affidavit and Subpcena Office, and all other the Officers of the Court of Chancery that execute their Offices within the Liberties of the Rolls, fhali be there aflefied to the said lafl-mentioned Duties for their respective Offices, Salaries, and other Profits, and not elsewhere ; and the said Mailers in Chancery for the Time being, and the said Six Clerks and Regillers for the Time being, fhali • be the Commissioners for putting in Execution, and shall put in Execution this Aft, with relation to the lafl-mentioned Duties, within the said Liberty, and exercise the Powers therein contained ; and that all Annuities, Stipends, and Penfions, payable to any Officers in respect of their Offices, shall be taxed and assessed to the said lafl-mentioned Duties where such Offices are rated and assessed for their Offices, and not elsewhere ; and that all other Penfions, Stipends, and Annuities in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed not charged upon Lands, fhali be charged and assessed in the Parifhes and Places where they are payable.

XXXIX.	* And whereas divers Offices and Employments of

*	Profit, chargeable by this Aft, are executed by Deputy, and the

*	principal Officers living in Places remote from the Division, Parifh,

*	or Place, where such Offices or Employments are taxable, the Rates ‘ and Afleflxnents for such particular Offices and Employments cannot

*	be recovered without great Charge and Difficulty be it therefore enacted. That where any Office or Employment of Profit chargeable by this Aft, is or fhali be executed by Deputy, such Deputy fhali pay such Afleflment as shall be charged thereon, and deduct the fame out of the Profits of such Office or Employment; and in cafe of Refufal or Non-payment thereof, such Deputy shall be liable to such Diftrefs as by this Aft is preferibed against any Perfon having and enjoying any Office or Employment of Profit, and to all other Remedies and Penalties therein respectively contained; and that there fhali be the like Remedies and Penalties for the recovering the Monies assessed upon any such Office or Employment of Profit to the Land Tax for tne Year One thousand seven hundred and fix, and for any subsequent Year not yet satisfied, in all Cafes where the Accounts

of

AJ).i8o(t	48°	GEO,	IIJ.	C*2«

cf those Years, or any of them, are not otherwise cleared in the

Exchequer.

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That &s Ad, or any Thing herein contained, shall not charge or be ccuftrued to charge Her Majesty the Queen, or any of the Royal Family, for or in respect of any Annuities or yearly Payments grafted to Her (aid Majesty and to their said Royal Highnestes, but tbit such Sums of Money, Annuities, or yearly Payments, and her hid Majesty and their Royal Highnestes, and their Treafurers, Receivers General, and Servants for the Time being, in respect of the fame, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions, and other Charges whatsoever: Provided also, that this Ad, or any of the federal Claufes herein contained, shall not extend to charge the Penfions of any superannuated Commiflion or Warrant Sea or Land Officer, or the Penfions of Widows of Sea or Land Officers (lain in the Service of the Crown; or the Revenue of the mod Noble Order of the Garter; or the Penfions of the Poor Knights of lVindfor% payable out of the Exchequer only ; or to charge a certain Penfion of One hundred Pounds, granted by the late King Charles the Second, to the Poor Clergy of the Isle of Man; or to charge the Penfions or Salaries of His Majesty *s Pages of Honour 5 or of the Officers and Perlons employed or to be employed in colleding the Tolls and Dudes payable by virtue of any Ad or Ads of Parliament for making, repairing, or maintaining any pubiick Roads, by reason of their said Offices or Employments, or any Salary arising thereby.

XLI. ‘And whereas the Rents and Revenues belonging to the 1 Refidentiaries of the Cathedral Churches in England and Wales, are 1 chargeable to the Land Tax granted and made perpetual as aforesaid, < and m some Cafes the Overplus of the said Rents and Revenues 4 above such Tax, Repairs, and other Charges, is to go in Shares for

*	the Maintenance of the said Refidentiaries, which Shares are dimi-

*	nifhed by the said Land Tax it is hereby provided and enacted. That in such Cafes the said Refidentiaries shall not by this Ad, or any of the Claufes therein contained be further chargeable as enjoying Offices of Profit out of the said Rents and Revenues; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI I. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to charge or to authorize the deduding or afTelfing the said Duties of Sixpence or One Shilling respectively or either of them, or the said last mentioned Duty or Sum of Money granted by this Ad, upon any Perfon in respect of any Office or Employment of Profit, or upon any Annuity, Penfion, Stipend, or other yearly Payment, in any cafe in which the Penfion, Annuity, Salary, Wages, Fees, Perquisites, Gratuities, Stipend, or other Payment yearly or other-wife shall have been specially exempted from any or either of such Duties, or from the Payment of any Aids or Taxes by any Ad of Parliament, or in any cafe in whicn any Salary, Wages, or Stipend of any Office or Employment shall by any Order of His Majesty in Couneil, or by any Warrant under his Majefty’s Royal Sign Manual, or by any Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, have been directed or shall be directed to be paid Net or without Deduction; Provided always. That the Authority for the Payment,

Net

*7

The Queen of Royal Family not changeable in respect of Annuities.

Superannuated Sea Officers, &c* not chargeable.

NarToll-kecpen.

Refidentiaries not chargeable in certain Cafes.

Said Duties shall not be charged on Penfions, &c. specially exempted.

A.D.i&o8.

a8

Duties on Sugar, granted by 27 G. 3.c. 13 : ' 34 G. 3. c. 4 : 3? G. 3. C. 15 ; on Malt by 27 G. 3 .c. 13. n Tobacco and , Snuflf, by 29 G. 3. c. 68. continued by

38	G. 3. c. 60 :

39	G. 8. c. 3. &c.; altered by 43 G. 3. c. 68, 69; continued by 47 G. 3. ft. l. c. 4. to 25 March 1808; further continued to 2$ March 1809.

e.2.	4*e	geo.	III.

Net or without Deduftion, of the Salary, Wages, or Stipend of any such Office or Employment, shall be certified by some principal Officer in the Department to which such Office or Employment so directed to be paid Net or without Deduftion belongs.

XLIII. 4 And whereas by the said Aft pafTed in the Thirty-

*	eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 1 An 4 Ad for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchafe in the 4 Manner therein Jlated, the federal Sums of Money now charged in f Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Year, from the Twenty fifth 4 Day of March One thoufandfeven hundred and ninety-eight,* it was

*	enacted, that the several Duties imposed on Sugar by three Afts of

*	the Twenty-seventh, Thirty-fourth, and Thirty-feventh Years of

*	the Reign of His present Majesty, on Malt, by an Aft made in the

*	Twenty-feventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the

*	Duties of Excife on Tobacco and Snuff, by an Aft made in the 4 Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, should 4 continue in Force until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One 4 thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer, but 4 should from thenceforth cease and ^ermine unless the fame 4 should be specially continued by Parliament, which said several 4 Duties were by an Aft made and passed in the thirty-ninth Year of 4 the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Ad for comiitwiag and 4 granting to His Majesty a Duty on Penfions, Offices, and Perfonal 4 EJlates in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, 4 and certain Duties on Sugar9 Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the 4 Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, 4 further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One 4 thousand eight hundred, and which; by several subsequent Afts, 4 were further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One 4 thousand eight hundred and seven : And whereas by an Aft pafTed 4 in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 4 intituled. An Ad to repeal the Duties of Cujloms payable in Great 4 Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof tne said several 4 Duties on Sugar were repealed, and other Duties granted on Sugar 4 in lieu thereof: And whereas by another Aft, pafTed in the fame 4 Seffion of Parliament, intituled. An Ad to repeal the Duties of 4 Excife payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duttes in lieu 4 thereof certain of the said Duties on Licences to be taken out by 4 Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff, and certain Duties on Tobacco, 4 were repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof: And whereas 4 the said Duties granted by the laid last recited Afts, were continued 4 until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred 4 and seven: And whereas the said Duties on Sugar, and the said 4 Duties on Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, together with the said 4 Duties relating to Licences and Tobacco, were by an Aft pafTed in 4 the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

*	further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thou-4 sand eight hundred and eightbe it further enacted, That the said several Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, and the said Afts granting and continuing the fame, and all the Provifions thereof, shall be and the fame are hereby severally and respectively further continued from and after the Expiration of the Time limited as aforesaid, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight

i	hundred

ADiiSo&c

99

48° GEO. III.	C.*j

kindred and nine, and all Monies ari/ing thereby, which /hall be paid ko the (aid Receipt of the Exchequer, shall be entered separate and tolin& from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That there /hall be provided md kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, One Book of Regifter, in which all the Money that /hall be paid into the Exchequer tor the said Rates and Duties of Sixpence, and One Shilling, and the Rates and Duties hereby granted 02 Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff* and also the Rates and A/Te/T-ments hereby granted on Perfonal Estates, and on Offices and Employ* meats of Profit, Penfions, Annuities, and Stipends, herein-before men* tioned, /hall be entered and registered apart and distinct from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty.

XL.V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, at any Time or Times, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three Millions, in the fame or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the fame or like Rules and Dire&ions, as are or shall be prescribed in and by an A& passed, or which may be pa/fed in this Seffion of Parliament, for regulating the issuing and paying off Exchequer Bills.

XJLVf. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provifoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in an A & palied, or which may be passed in this Seffion of Parliament, for regulating the issuing and paying off Exchequer Bills, shall be applied and extended to tne Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this A&, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Claufes or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-ena&ed in the Body of this Aft.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this A&, shall and may bear an Intereft not exceeding the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

XJLVIIL And be it declared, and further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,, to advance or lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills authorized by this A&, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three Millions, any Thing in an A&, made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Alary, intituled. An A8 for granting to their Majejlies several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vejfels, and upon Beer, Ale, and ether Liquors, and for securing certttin Recompenees and Advantages in the said A3 mentioned, to fueh Ferfons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One Million Jive hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the U'ar againjl France, or in any subsequent A&, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XL IX. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Treasury /hall, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered, to cause such Bills as /hall be prepared by virtue if this A&, to be placed as so much Ca/h in the respective Offices

of

Monies paid into Exchequer antler thisA& shall be entered separate liruni other Payments. -

Treafury may raise 3,000,0001. by Exchequer Bills. [.See 49 G. 3.c. 1.]

Clauses, &c. in 48 G. 3. C. I. relating to Exchequer Bills, applied to this

aa.

Intereft on Ex* chequer Bills 4 per Cent.

Bank of England authorized to advance

3,ooo,oool. 00 Credit of this

a a.

5, 6 Gul. 9c Mar. c. ao. § 30.

Said Exchequer Bills shall be placed as Calh in the Exchequer:

A.d. idod.

3®

and shall be iflu-ablc thereout in common with other Monies*

Said Exchequer Bills and Interect, See. charged on the Duties granted lij tins A&.

Manner of paying off said Bilb.

Aeronnt of said Exchequer Bills shall be made out tip to 25 March 1809.

Money remaining due charged on the then next Aids.

Surplus shall be carried to C'onfo^ lidated Fund*

Treafury may allow out of Confi -lidated Fund, the Charges of making out the Exchequer Bills*

C.*.	4«*	GEO.	Ill;

of the Tellers of the said Receipt of Exchequer, each and every of which Tellers shall be fevefally charged with a Proportion of the said Bills which ‘fhall be so placed in his Office respectively ; any Law or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

L. And it is hereby also ena6ted and declared. That the said Exchequer Bills in the Hands of the said Tellers shall be locked up, and secured as Ca(h, according to the Courfe of the Exchequer, and shall be taken and esteemed as so much in part of the Remains in real Money, wherewith each of the said Tellers shall from Time to Time {land charged, in common with other the Monies in the said Exchequer, any Law or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this A61, together with the Intereft that may become due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the fame, shall be, and the fame are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the Rates, Duties, and Afieffments, granted by this A61; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, to direct to be issued to the said Paymafters by way of Imprest, and upon Account, such Sums of Money, and at such Periods, as the said Commissioners shall think necessary, for or towards paying off and difeharg-ing the Exchequer Bills which shall have been made forth by virtue of this A61, or any of them, and for and towards paying the interest to become due on the said Bills, and for and towards the Charge of exchanging and circulating the fame Bills, or any of them.

LIL And bo it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That on the Twenty, fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, or within Ten Days after, the Commissioners of the Treasury or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall cause a true and perfeA Account in Writing, to be taken and nttefted by the proper Officers, of the Amount or all Exchequer Bills that shall have been issued by virtue of this A6t, and how much thereof shall before that Time have been paid off or dif-charged, and how much thereof shall then remain undifeharged.

LIU.	And it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies so remaining unsatisfied or not discharged,, with the Intereft due or to grow due thereon, and the Charges of Exchanging and circulating the fame, shall be paid and satisfied out of the next Aid or Aids to be granted in Parliament, after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March O ne thousand eight hundred and nine.

LIV.	And be it further enacted. That the Surplus of the Monies arising from the Rates, Duties, and Affeffments, granted and imposed by this A&, after paying off and satisfying all the Exchequer Bills issued by virtue of this A&, together with the Intereft that may become due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the fame, shall, as the Surplus of any such Monies respectively shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, be carried to and made part of, the Confolidated Fund.

LV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time

being,

AJ).i8o8.

31

48* GEO. III.	C.1,3.

bang, /hall have Power, and he or they are hereby enabled to pay and allow or cause to be paid and allowed out of the Monies to arise of or (br the said Rates and Duties hereby granted, or of or for the Con-fclidated Fund, from Time to Time, the necessary Charges of caking forth the new Exchequer Bills hereby authorized to be made forth, and such other Charges as shall be necessarily incident, in or for the Execution of thi9 Aft, or any Part thereof in relation to the Bills, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. LVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority afore-laid, That whatever Monies shall be i(Tiled out of the said Confolidatcd Fund, shall from Time to Time be replaced by and. out of the First Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament, any Thing hereia contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

u Aft may be altered or repealed this Selfion. § 57.”

CAP. III.

An A St for empowering the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance the Sum of Three Millions, to* wards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.	[27th	February 1808,]

* Moll Gracious Sovereign,

‘YTTHEREAS the Governor and Company of the Bank of 1 W England are willing and have agreed to advance towards the ‘Supply granted to Your Majesty for the Service of the Year One 4 thousand eight hundred and eight, the Sum of Three Millions, on

*	or before the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and 1 eight, on the Security of Exchequer Bills, to bear Date on the Day

*	or Days of the Advance thereof, to be made payable without In*

*	terect, and to be charged and chargeable upon and repaid out of the

*	firft Aids or Supplies which, after the Ratification of a Definitive

*	Treaty of Peace, shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the ‘thencurrent Year; and in cafe fumcient Aids and Supplies shall not 4 be granted by Parliament for that Purpofe before the Expiration of

*	Six Months next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of ‘ Peace, the fame to be charged and chargeable upon and repaid out ‘ of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain : Now, we Your Majefty’s ‘moft dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United King-4 dom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, being 4 desirous to raise, with as much Eafe and Advantage as possible to 4 Your Majefty’s Subjests, the necessary Supplies for the Service of

*	the present Year, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may ‘ be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s rrfoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of F.nglandy on or before the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight, to advance and lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon t^e Credit of the Exchequer Bills authorized to be issued under this Aft, the Sum of Three Millions, any Thing contained in any Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding : And it shall also be lawful for the faH Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury now or for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, to cause or direft any Number

t	of

SaklCharges (halt be replaced out of the First Sup-plfes*

Bank emprwpred to lend ThitC Millions.

Treafury fhaB make out Exchequer Bills.

A.D.l8o&

3*

48 G. 3. c. 1.

No Alteration . ihall be made in theUf&ge of

permitting the Bank to withdraw

the Money from the Exchequer i Ac. or in keeping Accounts.

Provifionsof A<ft of this Selfion, (48 G.3.c. 1.) applied to (aid

Bids.

No Intoreft on the laid ihlis.

Said Exchequer Bills charged on the first Supplies after Peace; or on Failure thereof, out of the Confolidated fund.

C.3.	48°	GEO. HI.

of Exchequer Bills to be made out for any Sum or Sums of Monej' not exceeding in the Whole the said Sum of Three Millions, to bear Date on the Day or Days of the Advance of the said Sum of Three Millions, in the fame or like Manner, Form, and Order, and accord* ing to the fame or like Rules and Dire&ions as in and by an Aft palled in this present Seflion of Parliament, are or shall be prescribed, concerning Exchequer Bills, and for making permanent Regulations for making and issuing thereof.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enaffced. That during the Period the said Sum of Three Millions shall continue so advanced by the said Governor and Company, no Alteration shall be made in the Ufage eftabli Hied at the Exchequer of permitting the said Governor and Company to withdraw the Monies in the Receipt of the Ex* chequer upon the Security of Exchequer Bills, or N6tes of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ to the full Amount of such Monies so withdrawn, being deponted in the Chefts of the Tellers of the Exchequer by the said Governor and Company, nor shall any of the Accounts now by Law directed to be kept at the Bank of England, be withdrawn from thence during the above Pe* riod.

III.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provifoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said lafi-mentioned A£l relating ta Exchequer Bills, except as far as the fame may be altered by this A6t or be contrary' to any of the Proviiions thereof, shall be applied and ex* tended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this A <51, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame had been originally authorized by the lad-mentioned A61, or as if the said several Claufes or Provifoes had been particularly repeated and re*

‘ eua&ed in the Body of this A 61.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That no Interefl whatsoever shall be payable upon or by virtue of the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this A 61 ; and that the Whole thereof shall bear Date the Day or Days of the Advance of the said Sum of Three Mil* lions, and be made payable on the Expiration of Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

V.	And be it further enacted. That all such Exchequer Bills, and all Charges incident to or attending the fame, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and ihall be repaid or borne by or out of the firil Aids or Supplies which, after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, shall be granted by Parliament for the Services of the then current Year; and in cafe sufficient Aids or Supplies for that Purpofc shall not be granted before the Expiration of Six Months next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, then all the said Exchequer Bills, with the Charges incident to or attending the fame, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies as at any Time or Times at or after such Period shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the said Confolidated Fund (except such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund as shall then be appropriated to any particular Ufe or Ufes, by any A 61 or A6ls of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Monies of the said Confolidated Fund shall and may be ifiued and applied, as soon as the fame can be regularly flated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging such Exchequer Bills and Charges, until the Whole of them mall be paid off, can*

celied,

AJD.i8o8,

33

48° GEO. Ill*	C.	3,	4"’

celied, and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpofe be kept awi refereed in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the re* {pe&We Proprietors thereof.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whatever Monies shall he so issued out of the said Confolidated Fund, shall from Time to Time be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted by Parliament; any Thing herein contained to the con* tiary n ot w ith ft andin g.

VII.	Provided alio, and be it further enacted, That in Cafe Pro* yifion shall not be made by Parliament* for Payment of the Exchequer Bills to be issued in pursuance of this A&, so that the fame shall be fully paid and discharged on or before tl\e Expiration of Six Months next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, then and in that Cafe the said Exchequer Bills, or such Part thereof as shall then remain unpaid, shall, from and after the said Period, bear an Intereft of Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum / and such Intereft is hereby charged and chargeable upon, and fhali be borne and paid by and out of the fame Fund, as the principal Money payable by the said Exchequer Bills is by this A£fc charged and chargeable upon \ any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Repayment to the Confolidated Fund.

Intereft on said Kxchequer Bills, from 6 Months after Peace,

4l. 10s. per Aa*

CAP. IV.

An AGt to authorize the advancing, for the Publick Service, upon certain Conditions, a Proportion of the Balance remaining in the Bank of England for Payment of Unclaimed Dividends, Annuities, and Lottery Prizes ; and for regulating the Allowances to be paid for the Management of the National Debt.	[27th	February	1808.]

* Moft Gracious Sovereign,

« TT7 HEREAS an Art passed in the Thirty-firft Year of the 1 VV Reign of His. present Majesty, intituled, An A8 for the

*	Payment of the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by the Gover-

*	nor and Company of the Bank of England, into the Receipt of His

*	Majefly's Exchequer : And whereas the Governor and Company of

*	the Bank of England did, in pursuance of the said Adi, advance

*	the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, upon the Terms and

*	Conditions in the said A6t mentioned: And whereas since the pa(T-

*	ing of the said recited A& Part of the Money so advanced hath ‘been repaid, under the Proviiions of the said A<ft, reducing the

*	Sum so remaining advanced without Intereft to the Sum of Three

*	hundred and feventy-fix thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine ‘ Pounds ; and whereas the Balances remaining in the Hands of the ‘ Calhier of the said Governor and Company, of Sums issued for the ‘ Payment of Dividends on account of the National Debt, due ‘and not demanded, have greatly increased: And whereas large Ba-‘ lances now remain in the Hands of the Cafliier of the said Go-

*	vemor and Company, of Sums issued to the said Governor and Com-‘ pany for Payment of Prizes or Benefits drawn in Lotteries efta* 1 blilhed by Law, and which have not been claimed by the Perfons ‘entitled thereto j and it U therefore just and expedient that a fur-

48 Geo. III.	.	D	*	ther

31 Geo. 3. c. as.

Advance of 5oo,oool. under recited reduced to

376,7331.

34

A.D. 18o8.

C. 4.	48°	GEO.	III.

Bank {hall advance and pay into the Exchequer a further Sum of500yOOOl. for Service of 1808.

Whenever Balance remaining in the Bank for Unclaimed Dividends or Lottery Prizes, (cxclu-tive of the (aid Sums advanced hy the Bank,) {hall be less than 100,Q001. such deficiency {hall lie made up to the Bank by a Payment from the Exchequer.

4 ther Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds ffiould be advanced 4 for the Service of the Publick out of such Balances, without any

*	Intereft for the fame, on condition that if at any Time the Balances 4 remaining in the Hands of the Cafhier of the Governor and Com-

*	pany of the Bank of England, of Sums issued to him for the Pay-

*	ment of Dividends on account of the National Debt, which {hall 4 have been due and not demanded, and of Sums issued to the faid

*	Governor and Company for the Payment of such Lottery Prizes

*	or Benefits not claimed as aforesaid, {hall be reduced to a less Sum 4 than One hundred thousand Pounds, exclusively of the said Sums

*	of Three hundred and feventy-fix thousand seven hundred and 4 thirty-nine Pounds, and Five hundred thousand Pounds as aforesaid,

*	then and in such Cafe so much of the Monies, advanced in pur-

*	fuance of this A£t, as shall be equal to the Sum by which the faid

*	Balances, exclusive of the said Sums of Three hundred and feventy-

*	fix thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine Pounds, and Five hun-‘ dred thousand Pounds, shall be less than the Sum of One hundred

*	thoufand Pounds, shall be repaid to the said Governor and Com-

*	pany 5 We therefore YourMajefty’s most dutiful and loyal Subje&s, 4 the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

*	in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty,

*	That it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said Governor and Company shall on or before the Fifth Day of jffril One thousand eight hundred and eight, pay or cause to be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, out of the Balances in their Hands of Sums iiTucd for the Payment of Dividends due and not demanded, and of such unclaimed Lottery Prizes or Benefits as aforesaid, the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds; which said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds shall be applicable to the Services of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight, and to be at the Difpofition of Parliament.

II.	And be it further enacted, That if at any Time hereafter the Monies remaining in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ or their Cafhier or Cafhiers, which have been iiTucd to him or them for the Payment of all or any Annuities or Dividends to the Creditors of the Publick, in pursuance of the several Ads of Parliament in that Behalf, due and not demanded, and for the Payment of such Unclaimed Lottery Prizes or Benefits as aforesaid, shall be reduced to a less Sum than One hundred thousand Pounds, exclusive of such Sums of Three hundred and feventy-fix thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine Pounds, and Five hundred thousand Pounds as aforesaid, the said Governor and Company or their Calhier or Cafhiers shall forthwith transmit a Certificate of the fame to the Commiflioners of the Treasury or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, and also to the Auditor of the Exchequer for the Time being, containing a true Statement of the Amount to which the said Monies shall then be reduced; and that forthwith on the fame Day on which any iuch Certificate containing such Statement as aforesaid shall be presented to the said Auditor at the Receipt of the Exchequer, the said Auditor shall make out a proper Debenture, directing the Payment of such Sum of Money

as

All)« 1808.

35

48° GEO. lit	C.4.

as it flu11 appear by filch Certificate the said Balances shall be reduced under One hundred thousand Pounds, which said sum of Money (ball be forthwith on the fame Day i(Tued and paid out of any Money in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Aids or Supplies granted to flis Majesty for the Service of the current Year or of any preceding Year, or out of any Monies ariling from the Surplus of the Confoli-dated Fund, which may remain at the End of any Quarter for the Dilpofition of Parliament; and every such Debenture being carried to the Clerk of the Pells shall be forthwith recorded in the usual Method in which Debentures are by him recorded; and thereupon the Teller or Tellers on whom any such Debenture shall be charged, fnall, upon the fame being presented to him or them, immediately pay or cause to be paid to the said Calhier or Cafhiers the Sum contained in such Debenture accordingly; and in cafe after the Repayment of any Part of the Monies which shall have been advanced under the said recited Aft and this Aft, the said Balances shall at any Time be again further reduced, in such Cafe, as often as the fame shall happen, such a further Sum shall in like Manuer be re-

?aid to the said Governor and Company as shall keep Balances in the iands of the said Calhier for the Payment of any Annuities or Dividends due and not demanded as aforesaid, and of such Unclaimed Lottery Prizes or Benefits as aforesaid, of One hundred thousand Pounds.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in cafe after the Repayment of any Part of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng» land* under the Provifions of this Aft, there shall be any Excefs of the Balances arising as aforesaid in the Hands of the Calhier of the said Governor and Company, above the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, and such Excefs shall have continued for the Space of Six Months, then and in every such Cafe a Sum, equal to such Excess, shall from Time to Time be again advanced by tne said Governor and Company, under the like Conditions as are herein-be-fore preferibed for the Original Payment of the laid Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds into His Majefty’s Exchequer, until the whole Sum due on Account of Advances made by the said Governor and Company under the Provifions of this Aft, shall have again amounted to the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, exclusive of the said Sum of Three hundred and feventy-fix thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine Pounds.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall, within Thirty Days after the Meeting of Parliament in every Year, cause an Account to be laid before Parliament, of the Amount of the Balances of Sums issued for the Payment of Dividends due rnd not demanded, and for the Payment of I ottery Prizes or Benefits which shall not have been claimed, and which shall be and remain in their Hands on the Days respectively, next before the I flue from the Exchequer of Money for the Payment of Dividends upon Account of the National Debt for each of the Four preceding Quarters respectively.

V.	*And whereas by the said recited Aft it wa9 enacted, That «there should continue to be issued and paid to the Governor and « Company of the Bank of England, a Sum for Charges of Manage-« meat of the Publick Debt, at the Rate of Four hundred and fifty

D 2	*	Pounds

On future Ex-cefs of Balance above 100,0001. Advance shall be again made by the Bank, so a» to keep up the Amount to 500,0001. under this Aft.

Bank shall yearly lay before P«rlia-ment Account of I ■ nclaiincd Dividends.

Rate of Allowance to the Bank, for Management under 01 Ci. a. cv 33. 5 a.

AaD« 180&

3<f

Repealed.

Future Fates payable to the Bank for

Charges of Management of the Publick Debt, unredeemed.

Allowances for Management ihall be calculated

yearly.

48° GEO. til*

*	Pounds per Annum for each Million of the Capital, and at the

*	fame Rate for all the Annuities for Terms of Ifrars, valuing the An-

*	nuities at Twenty-five Years Purchase, as ufyarj to make a nominal

*	Capital: And whereas the Amount of the Publick Debt hath,

*	fince the palling of the said Att, been very much increased; and it

*	is therefore reasonable that new Provifions should be made for fix-

*	ing the Rate of the Allowance for the Management of the fama,

*	according to the Amount thereof ;* Be it therefore enacted, That the said lad-recited Provifion lhali, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight, be repealed.

Vi. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight, there shall be ilfued and paid to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Charges of Management of the said Unredeemed Publick Debt, the Sums of Money following ; that is to fay; when the Whole of such Unredeemed Debt shall exceed Three hundred Millions, and shall not amount to Four hundred Millions, a Sum at the Rate of Four hundred and fifty Pounds ter Annum for each Million of the Capital; and when the Whole 01 such Unredeemed Debt shall amount to Four hundred Millions, and shall not exceed Six hundred Millions, a Sum at the Rate of Three hundred and Forty Pounds per Annum for each Million of the Capital; and when fuen Debt shall exceed Six hundred Millions, a Sum at the Rate of Three hundred Pounds per Annum for each Million of such Excefs of the Capital, the remaining Six hundred Millions continuing in such lad-mentioned Cafe to be managed at the aforesaid Rate of Three hundred and forty Pounds per Annum for each Miilion: Provided always, that in edimating as well the Whole Amount of such Unredeemed Debt as the Sums relpe&ively to be paid for the Management thereof, Annuities for Terms of Years shall be taken into the Account, and shall be valued at Twenty-five Years Purchase, as usual, to make a nominal Capital.

“ Charges due shall be paid up to April 5, 1808. § 7.”

VIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight; as conveniently may be, there shall be made out at the Exchequer, an Account of the Total Capital of Unredeemed Debt, as it shall dand on the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight; and the Allowance for the Management of the Unredeemed Publick Debt for the Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nine, shall be computed on the said Capital, as it dood on the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight, and shall be paid to the said Governor and Company in one Sum before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine; and the Allowance for Management shall be computed and paid in like manner in every fucceedingYear.

CAP.

AJ).i8g#.	48°	GEO.	lit.	C.5,6*	37

CAP. V.

An Aft for repealing an Aft made in the Forty-feventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Aft for suspending the Operation of an Aft of the Thirty-fixth Tear of His present Majeftjj for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, and for other Purpofes in the said Aft mentioned, so far as relates to the Avoidance of Bentfices by the Incumbents thereof having accepted augmented Curacies.	[37th February 1808.]	*

*	7	HE.	RE	AS by an aft pa fled in the Forty-feventh Year of the 47 G. 3. ft. s.

*	W Reign of His present Majessy, intituled. An A3for fulpending c*75*

‘ the Operation of an A3 of the Thirty sixth Tear of His present Majesty %

1 for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the

*	Church of England, and for other Purpofes in the /aid A3 1 mentioned so far as relates to the Avoidance of Benefices by the

*	Incumbents thereof having accepted augmented Curacies; it was

*	enacted, that all Perfons who upon or at any Time after the Firft

*	Day of the then present Seffion of Parliament, were or had been the	v

1 lawful Incumbents of any Benefices, should, not with (landing they

*	had accepted such augmented Cures, but without Prejudice to the

*	Avoidance or Right pi Prefentation arisen from any other Cause,

‘ remain and be the Incumbents of such Benefices until the Fortieth	«

*	Day of the then next Sefiion of Parliament, or until the Death or	1

*	Ceffion of such Incumbent respectively, or other lawful Caufe of

*	Avoidance of such Benefices respectively, other than the Acceptance

*	of such augmented Cures respectively: And whereas it is expedient

*	that the laid Aft should be repealedBe it therefore enacted by the King's moll Excellent Majessy, by and with the Advice and Coufent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in thisprefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That the said Aft, made in the Forty-feventh Year of His Recited Aft present Majessy, shall be and the fame is hereby wholly repealed ; repealed, and that all Prefentations, Inftitutions, and ’ Induftions to Benefices that were made or had taken place at any Time during the last Seffion of Parliament, under the said Aft of the Thirty-fixth of His present Majessy, shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes, in the fame Manner as if the said Aft of the Forty-feventh of His present Majesty had never been passed, any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding;

Provided always, that the Time during which any Sufpenfion shall by virtue of the laid last mentioned Acl have taken place of any Prefentation or Inftitution, or of the Effeft of any Prefentation or '

Inftitution* shall not be reckoned as Part of the Time during which {belt hath been 4 Vacancy in any Queflion of Lapfe.

CAP. VI.

An Aft to continue until the End of this Seffion of Parliament* several Adis* for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Majesty and toe United States of America.	[27th February	1808.3

f Set 48 Geo* 3. c. 85.]

Pj	CAP.

• 37G.3.C. 9% Ac.

A.D.i8o8



C,7, 8,

48* GEO. in. cap. vir

An Aft for raising the Sum of Ten Millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of 1 Great Britain for the Tear One thousand eight hundred and

44 Treasury empowered to raise 10,500,000/. by Exchequer Bills, ** as prescribed by 48 G. 5. r. i.r-i-J 1, 2. The Principal oi said Bills u charged on the first Supplies for the next Seflion. $ 3. Intereft thereon 3\d. per Cent. per Diem. § 4. Said Bills shall be current at ** the Exchequer, &c. after /ipr'tl 5, 1809. $ $• Bank of England u empowered to advance 6,500,000/. on Credit of this Aft. § 6* ** Aft may be altered or repealed this Seflion. § 7.”

An Aft to amend an Aft of the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for better regulating the Office of the Treasurer of His Majefty’s Navy. [nth March 1808.]

ssG.s.e.31. <TT7'HEREAS by an Aft passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of \4ndfee47 G.a. < V\ His Majefty’s Reign, for regulating the Office of Treasurer 1 flat. 1. c.66.]	«0f His Majefty’s Navy, it is provided that the said Treasurer, in all

*	Memorials to be by him presented to the Treasury for Naval

*	Services, shall transmit with each Memorial a Copy of the Letter

*	from each of the Naval Boards respectively, directing him to apply

*	for the Sums wanted, in which Letters the said Commiflioners are

*	required to specify for what particular Services the said Sums are ; < wanted, and shall also date the Balances then in the Hands of the ' 4 Treasurer, under each Head of Service respectively ; And whereas

*	the good EfFefts intended thereby will be equally well obtained in '

*	the Department of the Commiflioners of the Navy, by the Requefts

*	being made and the Balances dated on two Heads of Service only, 3

*	as recommended by the Commiflioners for Naval Enquiry, in their 1 4 Tenth Report, in which cafe the Money granted for the Ufe of 1

*	His Majefty’s Navy would be applied with greater Readinefs and

*	Facility when wantedBe it therefore enacted by the King’s mpft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords 1 Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

Mode of spply- assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after f°theTney	Day	°*	March	One	thoufand	eight	hundred and eight, as

f theDe- often as Money shall be wanted for Services in the Department of the putment Qf Commiflioners of the Navy, the said Commiflioners shall by Letter Commiffionen of direft the Treasurer of the Navy to apply to the Treasury for fuch

bum or Sums as mall be wanted under the Jtlead 01 Wages” or ot 44 General Services” respectively, and no other; in which Letter the said Commiflioners shall, and they are hereby required and directed to. specify the Balances in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy, in each of these Services respectively, in the Manner following 5 that is to fay, the Balance on the Head of General Services shall he specified as it shall (land on the Day when the Letter shall be so written as aforesaid by the said Commiflioners to the Treasurer of the Navy, and the Balance on the Head of Wages shall be specified as it shall have flood on the Saturday preceding the Date of the said Letter $ a Copy of which Letter shall b? traafeutted by the Treafurer

eight.

[Ilfh March 1808.]

CAP, VIII,

A.D. i8o8

45° GEO. III.	C.8,9.	39

if the Navy for the Time being with all Memorials to be by him presented to the Treasury for Money for such Services; in which Memorials the said Treasurer shall pray that such Sums as shall be rrquired by the Commiflioners of the Navy may be issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on his Account.

II. And be it further enabled, That all the other Provifior.s Provifionsof contained in the said recited Aft, not hereby altered or in any other (hnner A£t* doc Adrefpecting the Office of Treasurer of the Navy, shall be and remain in full force and effect as if this Aft had not been made.	rwMiuin owe.

CAP. IX.

An Aft for abolishing the Office of Surveyor of Subfidies and Petty Cuftoms in the Port of I.ondort [nth March 1808.]

<\T7HEREAS by an Aft passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of d*G. 3.c. 80.

4 W the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An A3 for 4 abolishing certain Offices in the Cujloms, and for regulating certain 4 other Offices therein ; at,d for applying the Fees which have been 4 received from vacant Offices towards the Augmentation of the Su- •

*	perannuation Fund; certain Offices in His Majefty’s Cuftoms in

*	England which had been usually granted by Letters Patent under

*	the Great Seal, and had been found to be unnecessary, were wholly

*	abolished, and certain other Offices in the said Cuftoms also ufually

*	granted by the like Letters Patent were abolished, so far as any of

*	the Duties thereof appeared not to be necessary or useful, and

*	Provision was made for the Difcharge of such Duties as might be

*	neceflary or useful, in such Manner as should be found convenient for 4 the Publick Service ; and it is expedient that the Office of Surveyor

*	of Subfidies and Petty Cuftoms in the Port of London should also 4 be abolished, and shall not in future be granted to any Perfon or 4 Perfons by patent or otherwise, but that luch of the Duties thereof

*	as may hereafter be necefTary or useful may be executed in fuch

4 Manner as may be found convenient for the Publick Service 5’ Be •

it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the fame, That the Office of Surveyor of Subfidies Office of Surveyor

and Petty Cuftoms in the Port of London, being an Office the of Subfidies, See*

Duties whereof are in part useful and necefTary, shall not froih shall be abolifhed

and after the pafiing of this Aft, he granted to any Perfon or *hen vacant,

Perfons by Patent or otherwise, save as hereinafter mentioned ; and

that, when vacant, the fame shall forthwith be abolished, and the

fame is hereby abolished, save as herein-after provided.

II. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Coronuffionen of the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, with the Approbation Cufton* n»v of the High Treasurer, or the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three of them for the Time being, to provide For	Duties

the Execution of such of the Duties of the said Office, as shall in offuch Offict. their Judgment appear to be necefTary or useful, by appointing, by ■

Inftrument or Inftruments under their Hands, (with the Approbation afonesaid,! a proper Perfon or proper Perfons to execute during their Pleafure such necessary and useful Duties of the said Office when vacant asaforesaid, and otherwise to regulate the said Office in such Manner as the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, with the Approbate 4	lion

A.D. i8o8

*

Ad shall not «£fe& Appointments but in the Manner herein mentioned*

4<5 G 3. e. 109. [*«•]

39 Sc 40 G.3. *73.

C.9> io,	48° GEO, III,

tion of the said High Treasurer, or Commiflioners of Hi* Majesty *s Treasury for the Tune being, shall in their Judgment from Time to Time think fit and proper.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Perfons who shall or may, before the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, have been appointed to execute any of the Duties of the said Office shall, to all Intents and Purposes, have the fame Power and Authority to execute and perform luch Duties of such Office respectively as they would have had if this Ad had not been made, until such Perfons respectively or some other Perfon or Perfons shall be appointed to execute such Duties respectively under the Authority of t his Ad; and that all Perfons who shall or may be appointed to execute any of the Duties of such Office under the Authority of this Ad, shall have the fame Powers and Authorities, to all Intents and Purpofe6, to execute and perform such Duties respectively, as the fame Perfons respectively would have had if such Perfons had been appointed to such Office respectively before the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, according to the Terms of the Several Warrants which such Perfons so to be appointed shall respectively receive from the said Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms for executing such Duties respectively,

CAP. X.

An Ad to amend so much of an Ad, made in the Forty-fixth Year of His present Majesty, for granting certain Duties on Spirits made in Scotland, as relates to delivering up the Ijccnor> granted for diddling Spirits in the Low-lands of Scotland) and for better preventing private Diftillation*

[llth March i8o8.[]

?TT THE REAS by an Ad, pafTed in the Forty-fixth Year of

*	VV His present Majefty*3 Reign, intituled, An AS for repealing 4 the Duties of Excife on Stills ufedfor diftiling or reSifying Low Winet

*	or Spirits for Confumption in Scotland, on Worts or Wajb made for 4 extrading Spirits, and on Spirits made for Confumption in Scotland,

*	and for granting and securing other Duties in lieu thereof; and for 4 better securing the Duties on Foreign Spirits and on Malt; it .was

*	amongft other Things enacted, That all Licences to make, distil,

*	rectify, or compound Spirits in the Low-lands of Scotland fhould

*	be granted in the Manner and Form directed by an Ad of the

*	Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majefty-s Reign,

*	intituled. An AS for repealing the Duties of Excife on Diflilleries in 4 Scotland, and on the Exportation of Brittjb made Spirits from 4 England to Scotland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, 4 and for altering, amending, and continuing certain Ads of Parliament 4 for the Regulation of Diflilleries in Scotland, save and except that ‘ every such Licence should commence and take Effed from the

*	Firft Day of Oclcbcr in each Year, and that no such Licence fhould

*	be granted, save and except between the First Day of 0Sober 4 and the First Day of November in each Year; provided always, 4 that it ihouhl and might be lawful to and for any licensed Diftiller

*	in the Low-lands of Scotland to deliver up to the Commiflioners of f Excife, or to the proper Supervifor or Surveyor of the Diftrid,

‘hi*

JLD. 1808,

48° GEO. m.

Cit»

4i

f bis or their Licence to be vacated on the Terms and Conditions and

*	at the Time and in the Manner directed by the said A& of the 1 Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majefty's Reign 5 #any Thing in the said A& or any other A& to the contrary not* f withfbnding; And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Meaning 1 and tree Conftru&ion of the said Clause, and it is expedient to

•	explain and amend the fameBe it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Loris Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and By the Authority of the fame. That when and so often as any Diftiller or Diftillers in the Low-lands of Scotland shall duly deliver up to the said Commiflioners of Excife in S:9thnuf9 or to the proper Supervisor or Surveyor of the District, his, her, or their Annual Licence, to be vacated before the Expiration of the Year for which such Licence shall have been granted, and before be, (he, or they shall have brewed, made, or received, or distilled into Spirits a Quantity of Worts or Wafli sufficient to produce Two thousand and twenty-five Gallons of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for each and every Gallon of the full Content or Capacity of the Still or Stills fpecifiea and mentioned in such Licence, computing Sixteen Gallons and One Half of a Gallon of such Spirits of the Strength aforesaid, for erery One hundred Gallons of such Worts and Warn, such Diftiller or Diftillers shall pay such a Proportion of the Annual Licence Duty as the Whole Quantity of Spirits distilled by him, her, or them, bears to the full Quantity of T wo thousand and twenty-five Gallons of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for each and every Gallon of the full Content or Capacity of the Still or Stills mentioned in such Licence, or as the whole Quantity of Worts or Wafh brewed, made, or received by such Diftiller or Diftillers bears to the full Quantity of Two thousand and twenty five Gallons of Spirits, calculated at the Strength aforesaid, for each and every Gallon of the full Content and Capacity of such Still or Stills, and computed at the Rate of Sixteen Gallons and One Half of a Gallon of Spirits for every One hundred Gallons of such Worts or Wa(h: Provided always, that if the Quantity of the Worts or Wa(h brewed, made, or received by such Diftiller or Diftiliers, computed at the Rate aforesaid, at the Time of vacating such Licence, shall be found to exceed the Quantity of Spirits actually distilled by such Diftiller or Diftiliers, under and by virtue of such Licence, that then and in such Cafe the said Proportion *of Licence Duty shall be charged upon and paid and payable by him, her, or them, according to such Proportion of Worts and Wa(h so brewed, made, or received by such Diftiller or Diftiliers, but not otherwise.

II.	Provided also, and be it further enacted. That all and every Perfon or Perfons intending to deliver up his, her, or their Licence or Licences to be vacated, shall give to the Commiflioners, Supervisor,' Surveyor, or Officer of Excite, Fifteen Days Notice in Writing, signed by foch Perfon or Perfons, of such Intention, before he, (he, or they shall be entitled to discontinue the working of his, her, or their Still or Stills licensed as aforesaid, and thereupon the said Commiflioners, Supervisor, Surveyor, or Officer shall and they are hereby respectively authorised to vacate the said Licence or Licences, hut not sooner than at and from the End of any One Calendar Month,

from

Dlftillen delivering up annua! Licences before their Expiration, fh*U pay the Duty in Proportion to Spirits previ-oufly diftilied, &c.

Notice of Intention to deliver up fuail Licences.

A.D. 1808.

No Repayment

of Licence Duty paid in Advance.

Penalty on Perfonanot being Piftillers having Walh in their

PoflelUon, lOOl. Ice.

Mitigation not left man aol.

Impcifonment

Goods of the Produce or Manufacture of the Portuguefe Territories in South America may be imported in rortuguefe Ships, Sic.

from which Time the Licence Duty shall have been actually paid in Advance by such Perfon or Perfons; it being the true Intent and Meaning of the said Ad made and paffea in the Forty-fixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, that no Part of the said Licence Duty which shall have been actually paid in Advance by such Perfon or Perfons shall be, under any Circumftances or any Account whatsoever, returned or repaid to such Perfon or Perfons.

III. ‘ And whereas private and illicit Diftillation is in many Parts

*	of Scotland carried on to a great Extent to the manifest Injury of

*	the fair Trader and the veiy great Diminution of the Public k

*	Revenue: And whereas Warn and other Materials fit and proper 4 for Diftillation are often found in the Cuftody and Pofferfion of 4 Perfons notoriously concerned in such illicit Pra&ices, and fuch

*	Offenders frequently escape from the Pena!ties of the Law by the 4 Removal and Concealment of their Still or Stills,* for remedy whereof be it enacted, that all and every Perfon and Perfons in Scotland, not being an entered Distiller, Brewer, or Vinegar-makes, in whose Poffeffion any Quantity of Wa(h, fermenting or fermented exceeding the Quantity of Twenty Galions, or any Quantity what-foever of Low Wines shall be found, shall severally forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and all such Wa(h and Low Wines* shall and may be seized or destroyed by any Officer or Officers of Excife; which said Penalty of One hundred Pounds shall and miy be sued for, levied, mitigated, and applied, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, may be sued for* levied, mitigated, and applied, by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Plaint or Information in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for any Justices of the Peace in Scotland, by or before whom such Perfon or Perfons shall be convicted under any Pretence whatsoever to mitigate or lessen the said Penalty of One hundred Pounds to less than Twenty Pounds; and if the Penalty adjudged against such Perfon or Perfons be not forthwith paid down to the Profecutor, or to the Perfon authorized by him to receive the fame, such Juffices of the Peace by or before whom such Perfon or Perfons was or were convicted, are hereby authorized and strictly enjoined and required, immediately by their Warrant under their Hands, to commit such Offender and Offenders to the Gaol or Prifon of the County for any Time not exceeding Six Months nor less than Three Months, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid.

CAP. XL

An Aft for permitting the Importation of Goods from the Portuguefe Territories on the Continent of South America, in Portuguefe Ships.	[iith March 1808.]

•	TT THE REAS it is expedient to permit the Produce of Braxil,

*	W or any other Territories of the Crown of Portugal, in South 4 America, to be imported into Great Britain, and Ireland, in Ships 4 of those Countries, or of Portugal; May it therefore please Your 4 Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from

JLD.i8o&

43

480 GEO. in.	'Ciiffi.

v*d after the passing of this A 6t* it shall and may be lawful to import into the United Kingdom, directly from Brazil* or any of the Territories and Pofleflions of the Crown of Portugal on the Continent of South America* in Ships or Veffels built in the Kingdom of Portugal* before the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eight, or in Ships or Vedels built in any of theaforelaid Territories or Pofleflions on the Continent of South America* or in Ships or Veffels taken by the Ships or Veffels of War belonging to the Portuguefe Government, or belonging to any Subje&s of the said Government, having Commiflions or fetters of Marque and Reprisal from the Portuguefe Government, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty of the Portuguefe Government, of which Condemnation Proof shall be given to the Satisfa&ion of the Com. miflioners of His Majefty’a Cuitoms, or any Four or more of them, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England* or any Three or more of them in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, or Ip the Satisfaction of the Commiflioners of the Cuftoras, or any Three or more of them, in Ireland* and owned by Subjects pf the Portuguefe Government resident in the said Territories and Pofleflions on the Continent of South America* and whereof the Mafter and Three Fourths of the Mariners at lead are Subje&s of the Portuguefe Government, and Refidents in the said Territories and Pofleflions, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the said Territories and Pofleflions (which are not prohibited by Law to be imported from Foreign Countries); and to enter and land such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, upon Payment of the fame Di?tie9 as are now payable on such or similar Articles when imported from the Kingdom of Portugal* subject to the like Conditions and Regulations as in the Cafe of such Goods not imported in a Britijb-hui\t Ship; any Thing in an A& passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majeffy King Charles the. Second, intituled. An At1 for the encouraging and encreafmg of « Shipping and Navigation* or any other A&> to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding,

CAP. XII.

An AGt to amend and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, so much of an A£fc of the Forty-feyenth Year of His present Majeffy as allows certain Bounties on British Plantation Raw Sugar exported.	[21ft	March	1808	]

1 YT J HERE AS by an AA passed in the Forty-feventh Year of 4 VV His prefeitt Majesty, intituled. An A3 to allow for Two Tears from and’after the passing of this A3* an additional Bounty on double refined Sugar* and to extend former Duties on other refined 4 Sugar* to such as fall he pounded* crafhed* or broken ; and to allow for One Tear certain Bounties on Biitifh Plantation Raw Sugar 4 exported; certain Bounties, under certain Conditions, are allowed % on the Exportation of Raw Sugar the Produce of the British Plant-

*	ations in the fame State in which it was imported: And whereas it

*	it expedient that the said Bounties should be further continued, and

*	the laid A6fc amendedBe it therefore enacted by the King’s ptyft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the

Lords

47 O. a. A 1.

c. aa. § 8; granting Bounty on Exjwrtation of Raw Sugar continued.

44

AJD* 18o8<

Bounty {hall be paid only on filch Sugars exported dire<ft froip Warehoufe.

Continuance of 25 March 1*0©.

C;i2, 13.	48° GEO. Illt

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That so much of the said recited Aft of the Fortv-feventh Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the granting a Bounty on the Exportation of Raw Sugar the Produce of the British Plantations in the fame State in which it was imported, shall be further continued for the Term herein-after mentioned, (except where any Alteration is made by this Aft).

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Bounty shall not be paid or allowed on any Raw Sugar, unless the fame shall be exported directly from the Warehoufe in which the fame shall have been secured at the Time of Importation thereof, and on which the Duties of Cuftoms due and payable thereon shall not have been paid; any Thing in the said recited Aft of the Forty-feventh Year of His present Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further enacted. That the said Aft shall be and it hereby continued, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoyfand eight hundred and nine.

CAP. XIII.

An Aft for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Vifcount Lake, and the Two next Pcrfons to whom the Title of Vifcount Lake shall descend, in Confideration of the eminent Services of the late General Vifcount J*ake. [21ft March 1808.J

* Mod Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS Your Majesty, by Your mod Gracious Meflage to Your mod faithful Commons, has been pleated to declare, 4 That Your Majedy having taken into Your Royal Confideration • the splendid Atchievements and eminent Services performed by the 4 late General Vifcount Lake on the Continent of Europe, and in the 4 Eajj Indies ; Your Majedy was desirous to confer some signal Mark 4 of Your Royal Favour upon his Family, in order to enable them 4 to support the Dignity of the Title conferred upon him; and for 4 this purpose to give and grant to his elded Son the present Vifcount 4 Lakey and to the Two next surviving Heirs Male of the Body 4 of the Dcceased, to whom the Title of Vifcount Lake, and Baron 4 Lake of Delhi and Lafwary, and of AJlon Clinton in the County of 4 Buckingham, shall descend, for and during their Lives, a nett 4 Annuity of Two thousand Pounds per Annum ; but Your Majedy, 4 not having it in Your Power to grant an Annuity to that Amount, 4 or to extend the Effeft of the said Grant beyond the Term of your 4 Majefty’s own Life, recommended it to Your faithful Commons, 4 to conlider of a proper Method of enabling Your Majedy to grant 4 the fame, and of extending, securing, and settling, luch Annuity 4 to the said Vifcount Lakey and to the Two next Perfons on whom 4 the Title of Vifcount Lake shall descend, in such Manner as 4 should be thought mod effectual for the Benefit of the said 4 Vifcount Lakey and his Family: We, Your Majefty’s mod dutiful 4 and loyal Subjests, the-Commons of Great Britain and Ireland in 4 Parliament assembled, duly considering Your Majedy’s mod Gra«* 4 cions Intention, do mod humbly beseech Your Majedy that it may 4 be enafted/

44 Am

AJD. 1808.

48° GEO* III.

C« 13, X4i ij-

45

« An Annuity of 2000/. per Ann. fettled on Vifcount Lake> and the «•Two next succeeding Heirs to his Title, to commence from «* Sept* 11, 1803, and to be paid quarterly/*

CAP. XIV.

An Aft for the Regulation of His Majcfty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.	[21ft	March	1808.3

w This AS is Jtmilar in all RefpeSs (except the Date) to 47 Geo» 3. «Jj. 1. c* 33. See the References there*—Continuance of A3 in Great u Britain 25th March 1809; in Ireland ill April 1809/*

CAP, XV.

An Aft for punishing Mutiny and Defertion *, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[21ft March 1808.]

11 Number of Forces 124,063. § I.—§ 2 to 17, are the fame as the like •• SeSions of 47 Geo. $.Jl. l.c. 32/*

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further >?na£ed, That no General Court-martial for the Trial of any Officer (except in Africa or New South Wales) shall consist of less than Thirteen Members.

Id Members exc

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further eua&ed. That it shall be lawful for any General Court-martial to sentence any Non-com-miffioned Officer or Soldier, convicted of Defertion by such Court, to Service in such Country or Place or Places Abroad, or otherwise, and in such Regiment or Regiments, or Corps, as his Majesty shall please to dire£l, or for Life as a Soldier, or for any Term of Years beyond the Period for which such Non-commiffioned Officer or Soldier shall have enlilied, and to a Forfeiture of all or any Part of the Benefit or Advantage as to Increafe of Pay, or as to Penlion or Difcharge, which might otherwise have accrued to such Non-com-miffioned Officer or Smdierfrom the length or Nature of his Service. u f 20 to 71, are the fame as § 19/0 70, of 47 G. 3. Jl. 1. c. 32.”

LXXII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, when and as often as any Perfon or Perfons shall be enlilled as a Soldier or Soldiers in His Majefty’s Land Senrice, he or they shall, within Four Days, but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours, after such infilling respectively, be carried before some Juilice of the Peace, of any County, Riding, City, or Place, or Chief Magillrate of any City or Town Corporate, reliding or being next to, or in the Vicinity of the Place where such Perfon or Perfons shall have been infilied, and not being an Officer in the Army; and before such Juilice or Chief Magillrate he or they shall be at Liberty to declare his or their Diflent to such infilling; and upon such Declaration, and returning the Inlifting Money, arid also each Perfon so dilTenting paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or bid out upon him, such Perfon or Perfons so infilling shall be'forthwith discharged and fet at Liberty, in the presence of such Juftice or Chief Magillrate ; but if such Perfon or Perfons shall refuse or mk&f wituLQ the Space of Twenty-four Hours, to return and

pay

Central Courts-Martial to consist of not lefii than ?pt in Africa, Ike.

General Courts-Martialmay sentence Pe-ferters to serve for Life, &c. and to a Forfeiture of Increafe of Pay or Penfion.

Claufe for Relief of Perfons hastily enlisting themfeivss.

.Such Perfons not paying ths. Money witluu

A.D. 1808,

the limited Time 10 be deemed to lie eiildled; in which Cafe, or if they erhft, die Juiiiccs to lead over to them certain Sections of the Articles oft' War and odminUler certain

Oh**.

ffrcroits enlisted wilder 39 C. 3.

109. lor the JEaft India Company's Svnl e, Ac.

Aail take the . Oath of Allegiance.

pay such Money as aforefaid9 he or they shall be deemed and taken to be inliilcd as if he or they had given his or their Afient thereto before the laid Juftice or Chief Magiftrate 5 or if such Perfon or Per* fons shall declare his or their having voluntarily iniifled himself or themselyes, then such Juftice or Chief Magiftrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to read over, or in his own Prefence cause to be read over, to such Perfon or Perfons the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, and the Firit Article of the Sixth Section of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Defertion, and to tender and administer to such Perfon or Perfons refpedfcively, not only the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of Wat*, but also the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this A& annexed, marked (A.), or if the Perfon shall be desirous of inlifting without any Limitation of Period of Service, the Oath in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked ( B.); and if such Perfon or Perfons shall take the said Oaths, then such Juftice or Chief Magiftrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand the inlifting and swearing, together with the Place of the Birth, Age, and Calling, if known, of such Perfon or Perfons, in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Aft annexed marked (C.), if the Oath in the Form marked (A.) shall have been taken, and in the Form marked (X>.) if the Oath in the Form marked (B.) shall have been taken, except in the Cafe of Recruits inlifted to serve either in His Majefty’s Troops, or in the Forces of the Eqfi India Company, according as His Majesty shall think fit, in pursuance of an Aft passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled. An A3 for bet-ter recruiting the Forces of the East India Company, in which Cafe every such Recruit shall, instead of the said Oath of Fidelity, and of the Oaths contained in the Schedules (A.) or (B.) to this Aft annexed, take the Oath of Allegiance directed by the said Aft of the Thirty-ninth of His Majesty, and contained in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (E.) ; and the Juftice or Chief Magiftrate shall certify such Inliftmcut and Swearing accordingly in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (F.) ; and if any such Perfon or Perfons, so to be certified, shall wilfully refuse to take the laid Oath of Fidelity before the said Juftice or Chief Magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, from whom he has received such Money as afnresaid, to detain or confine such Perfon or Perfons until he or they shall take the said Oath of Fidelity; and every Military Officer that lhrJl aft contrary hereto, or offend herein, shall incur the like Penalty and Forfeiture as is by this Aft to be inflicted upon any Officer for making a falie and untrue Muiter; and the Penalty anil Forfeiture shall be levied and recovered in the fame Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Act to be levied or recovered.

Matters in

England to entitle them to claim Apprentices, who have been bound for Seven Years, Hull take the Oath herein men tioaeJ.

i$ § 73 ond 7+ ore the fume as £72 and 73, cf 47 G. 3 .Jl> I. c. 32.”

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Mafter in England shall be entitled to claim any Apprentice who shall, after the passing of this Aft, cnlift as a iSoldier in His Majcity’s Land Service, unlefi fucli Apprentice shall have been bound to him for the full Term of Seven Years, and uulefs such Mafter shall within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice shall have abfeonded or left his Service, go before some Juftice of the Peace or Magistrate, and before such Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate take the Oath mentioned in the

Schedule

18080

41

48° GEO. Ill-	Ci$.

Schedule to this A€t annexed, marked (G.), and produce the Certificate of such Juftice of the Peace or Magi ft rate of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Juftice of the Peace or Magi Urate k hereby required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this A# annexed marked (H.)

LXXVI And be it further enabled, That no Matter in Scotland shall be entitled to • claim any Apprentice who shall, after the patting of this A£t, enlist aB a Soldier in His Majefty’s Land Service, unlels fiich Apprentice shall have been bound to him for the full Term of at least Four Years by a regular Contract or Indenture of Appren-tkeship, duly extended, signed, and tetted, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland, prior to the Period of Enliftment, and unless such Contract or Indenture, so duly executed, shall, if entered into prior to the patting of this A&, within Three Months of the pafifing of this A#, and if entered into subsequent to the patting of this Ac!, within Three Months after the Commencement of the Ap-prenticeship, and before the Period of Enlittment, have been produced to a Juftice of the Peace of the County wherein the Parties r- fide, and there shall have been indorsed thereon by such Juftice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when, and the Perfon by whom such Contra# or Indenture shall have been so pioduced, which Certificate or Declaration such Juftice of the Peace is hereby required to indorse and sign, and unless such Ap-p’c .tice shall, when claimed by such Mafter, be under Twenty-one Years of Age, and unless such Mafter shall, within One Calendar Mouth after such Apprentice shall have abfeonded or left his Service, go before some Juftice of the Peace, and before such Juftice of the Peace take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this A# annexed, marked (G.), and produce the Certificate of such Juftice of the Peace of his Having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Juftice of the Peace is hereby required to give iu the Form and Schedule to this A# annexed, marked (H.)

‘€ § 77 ts the fame as § 75, of 47 G. i-fl. 1. r. 32.”

LXXVIII. And be it further ena#ed, That every Apprentice who shall be claimed by his Mafter, shall be taken before a Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate of the County, Stewartry, Riding, Divi-fion, City, Liberty, or Place, where such Apprentice shall happen to be when so claimed, and it shall be lawful for such Juftice of the Peace or Magistrate, and such Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate is hereby required, on Proof on Oath of such Perfon being an Apprentice, and having enlisted and declared that he was no Apprentice, to commit such Perfon so offending as aforesaid to the Common Gaol of the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, where such Perfon shall be at the Time when he shall be so claimed by his said Mafter, there to remain, until he shall be discharged by due Courfe of Law.

LXXIX. And be it further ena#ed. That it shall be lawful for the Juftice of the Peace or Magistrate, except in Scotland} as hereinafter mentioned, before whom such Perfon so offending shall be so taken as aforesaid, to examine into the Matters alledged against such Perfon upon Oath, and which Oath the said Magiftrate is hereby empowered to administer; and also to keep in his Cuftody the Indenture of Apprenticeship, to be produced as Occafion shall require, and

to

Hour Mafter* in Sc otland shall proceed to recover Apprentice*

Apprentices claimed by their Mafter* lhall'be carried before a <faftice and euounitted.

Juftice* to examine upoa Oath, and to keep the Indenture to be produced on the trial.

A.D.i8o&

4t

Offenders Hiatt be tried at the next Quarter 6tffioat|

and in Scotland by the Judge Ordinary.

Periods (bed may plead the general Iffue.

Treble Cuffs.

All ?uit* to l»« brougut in fume of the Courts of R^oru of We hiuiulirr, or in Dublin, or the Court of Scfiion in Scot-

In Scotland, AVion* H- ill he prrri Ted in iha Court of hellion*

C. i$.	48 G£0* l!L

to bind over the Mailer claiming such Perfon, and any other Perfons he may think propar, to give Evidence at the General or Quarter Sefiions of the Peace, or Sellion of Oyer and Terminer, at which the Trial of such Ferfon is lierein-after directed to be had again ft such Perfon so offending.

JLXXX. And be it further enacted, That every such Offender, except in Scotland, as herein-after mentioned, may and shall be tried at the General or Quarter Sefiions cf the Peace, or Sefiions of Qyer and Terminer for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, wherein the Offence charged mall have been committed, next after such Offenders being brought before such Juflice of the Peace or Magiflrate as aforesaid, unless the Court shall think fit to put off the Trial on just Caufe.

LXXXI. And he it enacted, That every such Offender in Scot* land shall and may be tried by the Judge Ordinary in such County or Stewartry, in such and the like Manner as any Perfon may be tried in Scotland for an Offence not inferring a Capital Punifhment.

•* § 82 to HO are the fame as § 79 to 107, of 47 G.	c.	32/*

CXI. And he it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, except in Scotland, as herein-after provided, That if any Adtion, Bill, Plaint, or Suit, shall be brought against any Perfon or Perfons, for any Adi, Matter, or Thing, to be acted or done in pursuance of this Adi, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Perfon and Perfons, sued as aforesaid, to plead thereunto the general Ifsue, that he or they are not Guilty, and to give such Special Matter in • Evidence to the Jury which shall try the Ifsue, which Special Matter being pleaded had been a good and sufficient Matter in Law to have discharged the said Defendant or Defendants of the Trefpafs or other Matter laid to his or their Charge ; and if the Verdidt shall pass with the said Defendant or Defendants in any such Adtion, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein become Nonfmt, or suffer any Difcon-tinuance thereof; that in every such Cafe the Juflice or Justices, or such other Judge, before whom the said Matter shall be tried, shall by force and virtue of this Act, allow unto the Defendant or Defendants his or their Treble Coils, which he or they shall have sustained by reason of their wrongful Vexation in Defence of the said Action or Suit; for which the laid Defendant or Defendants shall have the like Remedy as in other Cafes where Coils by the Laws of this Realm are given to Defendants.

CX1I. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Bill, Plaint, Action, or Suit against any Perfon or Per* foils, for any Adi, Matter, or Thing, to be acted or done in pursuance of this Adi, or against any Member or Miuifter of a Court-martial, in reflect of any Sentence of such Court, or of any Thing done by virtue or m pursuance of such Sentence, shall be brought in some of the Courts of Record at Wejlm\njler> or in Dublin, or the Court of Sellion in Scotland, and in no other Court whatsoever.

CXIII. And he it further enacted, That if any Adtion shall be raised or Complaint shall be preferred against any Perfon or Perfons in Scotland, for any Adi, Matter, or Thing, to he acted or done in pursuance of this Adi, such Adtion shall be raised and Complaint preferred in the Court of Seilion, and if such Court shall fee fit to ^fluilzie the Defendant, or dismiss the Complaint,, the Defender or

3	'	JDefenden

49

A*D.i8oft.	48°	GEO. IIL	0.15*

Defenders shall have Treble Cods, awarded to him or them by the laid Court*

“ $ 1149 115, 1169 117> are the fame at $ no. III, 112, 113, of m 47 Om 3. jl. 1. c. 32.”

CXVIII. * And in order to prevent all Doubts that may arise in Offence* vminft

•	relation to punifting Crimes and Offences committed against former fonner Mutiny

•	Afts of Parliament made in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, AfopumihsUle ‘/or punishing Mutiny and Defertion^ and for the better Payment of the ^

4 Jirmy and their Quarters, or against any of the Articles of War ‘ made and eftabliihcd by virtue of the famebe it enacted by the Authority afuresaid, That all Crimes and Offences which have been committed against any Aft for punishing Mutiny and Defertion, and for the better Payment of tne Army and their Quarters, or against any of the Articles of War made and eftablifted by virtue of the fame, shall and may, during the Continuance of this Aft, be enquired of, heard, tried, and determined, adjudged, and punisted, before and by the like Courts, Perfons, Powers, Authorities, Ways,

Means, and Methods, as the like Crimes and Offences committed against this A61 may be enquired of, heard, tried, determined, ad* judged, and punisted: And every Warrant for holding any Court-martial under any former Aft stall remain in full Force, notwith-Handing the Expiration of such Aft, and all Proceedings of any Court-martial upon any Trial, begun under the Authority of such fonner Aft, stall not be difeontinued by the Expiration of the fame, but it foall be lawful to proceed to Judgment upon any such Trial, and to carry such Judgment into Execution, in like Manner as if the Proceedings had been commenced under the Authority of this Aft.

“ $ 119, 120, are the fame as § 115, 116, of 47 G. 3. ft. 1. e. 32.”

“ Continuance of Aft in Great Britain, from 24th march 1807 to “ 25th March 1808 ; in Ireland 31ft March 1807 to lk April 1808 ;

“ Jersey, Guernfey, Alderney, Sark9 and Man*, 30th April 1807 *°

“ ift May 1808 ; Gibraltar, &c. 24th March 1808 to 25th March •*1809. §

SCHEDULE (A.)

FORM OF OATH.

** The fame as Schedule (A•) of 47 G. 3. Ji* 1. c. 32,”

SCHEDULE (B.)

FORM OF OATH. t	do	make Oath, that I am, or have been, (as the

A Cafe may be) [fate Occupation if any9 or Jlatc if of none'] and to the best of my Knowledge and Belief was born in [fate County, Pari/b, Place9 &e.] and that I am of the Age of Years; that I do not belong to the Militia or any other Regiment, ortoHis Majefty’s Navy or Marines; and that I will serve His Majesty until 1 shall be legally discharged.

48 Geo. Ill,

E

SCHE-

C*ij[i	489	GEO* III*	AiD*i$o8*

SCHEDULE (C*)

FORM OF JUSTICE'S CERTIFICATE.

*Tte fame at Schedule (B.) of 47 G. 3. f. I. r* 32.”

SCHEDULE (D.)

FORM OF JUSTICE'S CERTIFICATE.

T A. B., one of His Majefty's Juflices of the Peace of

(or Chief Magiftrate of	),	do

hereby certify, That C. D. appeared to be	Years

old.	Feet	inches high.	Complexion,

Eyes,	Hair,	came before me at

, on the	Day	of	One	thoufand	eight

hundred and	, and dated himself to be of the Age of

Years, and that he had no Rupture, and was not troubled'with Fits, and was no ways disabled by Lamenefs, Deafnefs, or otherwise, but had the perfect Ufe of his Limbs and Hearing, and was not an Apprentice, and acknowledged that he had voluntarily enlisted himself for the Bounty of	to	ferve	his	Majefty

King. George the Third, in the	Regiment	of

commanded by	until	he	fhould	be

legally discharged : And I do hereby certify, that in my Prefence the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Se&ion, and the First Article of the Sixth Se&ion, of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Defertion, were read over to him, and that he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, and also the Oath to the Effe& above fet forth, and that he received the Sum of

oh being attested, and that I have given to the said C. Z).

•	a	Duplicate	of	this	Certificate	figned	with my Name*

SCHEDULE (E.)

OATH OF ALLEGIANCE, 39 G. 3. r.109.

** The fame at Schedule (C.) of 47 G. 3. Jl. 1. c. 32.”

SCHEDULE (F.)

FORM OF JUSTICE’* CERTIFICATE.

M The fame at Schedule (D.) of 47 G. 3. Jl. 1. c. 32.”

SCHEDULE (G.)

v	FORM	OF	MASTER’S	OATH.

“ The fame at Schedule (E.) of 47 G. 3- Jl. 1. c. 32.”

SCHEDULE (H.)

FORM OF JUSTICE'S CERTIFICATE.

“ The fame Ot Schedule (F.) of 47 G. 3. Jl-1, c. 32.”

CAP.

A.D.iSog.

C.i6,17, it.

4*#

ceo. m.

CAP. XVI.

An Aft for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain * and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Duties imposed by an Aft of the lait Scfiion of Parliament shall be suspended.

[2ift March 1808.]

** Recital of Afts, 43 G. 3. c. 11.	45 G. 3. e. 93.	±6	G.	3.

<* c. to. 47 G. 3. c. 29. Drawbacks and Bounties in Schedule to re-cited Aft, 45 G. 3. e. 93. shall be paid. § 1. If, on 5 May, 5 <c September 1808, or 5 January 1809, the Average Prices of Brown M or Mufcnvado Sugar shall not have exceedea for the preceding “ Quarter 70/. /tr £«;/. the Drawback or Bounty in the Schedule to ** 45 G. 3. r. 93. corresponding with the Price, shall be paid, Ac. w | 2. Whenever under 4. G. 3. c, 42. $ 10. the Treasury shall “ fnfpend any Part of the Duty on Raw Sugar imposed by that M Aft, they shall also suspend a like Proportion of the Counter-M vailing Duties on Irijb Refined Sugar imported, and of the Draw-** backs and Bounties on British Refined Sugar exported. § 3. Re* “ cited Aft, 43 G. 3. r. 11, continued to 15—25 March 1809. §4'

*4 47 G. 3. Jl. 1. c. 29, and References there.J”

CAP. XVII.

An Aft to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, certain Afts for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Irelands and/for warehoufing in Ireland Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations.

[21ft March 1808.]

“ 47 G. 3. c. 19. continued till March 25,1809. § J. 41 G. 3. c, 94. “ continued till March 25, 1809. § 2. Afts may be altered or re-u pealed this Sefiion. § 3.”



cap. xvni.

An Aft for amending and further continuing an Aft made in the Thirty-eighth Tear of His present Majesty, for regulating the Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace.	[2lit March 1808.]

M 38 G. 3.	68.	(continued	by 42 G. 3. *. 20. § 4.) further cou-

** tinued till March 2$, 1814. $ I.”	t

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That so much of The Duty of the said recited Aft of the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Ma- 2l. UH.uwkr jefty, as chaiges a Duty of Two Pounds Ten Shillings for every	68.

One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all Cinnamon, ion Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace exported from Great Britain, shall from exported^ and after the patting of this Aft cease and determine.	repealed.

El

CAP.

C. 19, 20, 21.

48° GEO. III.

A.D.1808*

•5*

CAP. XIX.

An A & to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, an A8t made in the Forty-•4« G. 3. c. 117.	fixth Tear of His present Majefty*, for permitririg the Im-

portation of Malts, Yards, Bowfprits. and Timber, for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America^ Duty-free.	[21ft March r8o8.j

CAP. XX.

An AfJt to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Filheries ; to the Ad-million to Entry in Great Britain of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland taken by His Majefty’s Subjects carrying on the Fifliery from and residing in the said Illand; and to the allowing the Importation of Filh from Newfoundland and the Coaitof Labrador.	[21ft March 1808.J

26 G. 3. c. 41. for the Encouragement of the Greenland Filheriea; and so much of 29 G. 3. c. 53. as relates to the Greenland Seas and Davit9* Streights, (laft continued by 46 G. 3. £.29. § 5.) further continued till March 25,1810. $ I.—43 G. 3. c. 68. § 39. as relates to the Admiilion to Entry of Oil or Blubber, &c. (laft continued by

46	G. 3. c, 29. § 7.) further continued till March 25,1810. $ 2.—

47	G. 3. c. 24. for allowing Importation of aud grant mg Bounty on pickled Salmon and lait Cod, continued till Marco 25, 1810.

§ $”

CAP. XXI.

An A£k to empower the Commiflioners appointed for diftri-buting the Money paid by the United States of America, to withdraw the Came from the Bank, and invest it in Exchequer Bills.	[2lft	March	1808.]

M G. s. c.S9. *TT7HEREAS by an Apaffed in the Forty-third Year of the 4 VV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AS for appoint-* ing CommTjJionert for distributing the Money Jlipulated to oe paid 4 by the United States of America, under the Convention made between 4 His Majesty and the said United States9 among the Perfons having 4 Claims to Compenfation out of such Moneys certain Commiflioners 4 were appointed for apportioning, dividing, and distributing the Sum 4 of Six hundred thousand Pounds, which the United States of 4 America engaged to pay by Inftaknents for the Ufe of the Perfons 4 deferibed in the Sixth Article of the Treaty of Commerce,

4 Amity, and Navigation, concluded at London on the Fourth Day 4 of November One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, between 4 His Majesty and the said United States, "in Satisfa&ion of the 4 Money which the United States might have been liable to pay in 4 pursuance of the Provifions of the laid Sixth Article $ which said 4 Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds has since been paid; and it 4 was by the said recited A6t directed, that the several Instalments • of the laid Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds Should be paid

4	into

A.D. i8o8.

S3

48° GEO. III.

C.2t,22.

1 into the hands of the CaJhier of the Governor and Company of the

*	Bank of Englandf to the Account of the said Commissioners, and 4 should be and remain in the Names of the said Commissioners, to 4 he paid to the feverai and respective Perfons entitled thereto, under 4 the Order of the laid Commissioners or any two of them, pursuant 4 to the Provifions of the said recited Aft ; And whereas Part of 4 the laid Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds' hath already been 4 distributed by the said Commissioners in pursuance of the said re*

*	cited Aft5 but a confiderable Time may elapse before all the 4 Claims of Perfons entitled to receive any.Compenfation out of the

*	faid Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds are adjudged, and it may 4 be expedient that such Part of the Balance of the foid Sum of

*	Money remaining in the Hands of the Calhier of the find Governor c and Company undistributed, as to the said Commissioners shall seem 4 fit, should in the mean Time be veiled in Exchequer Billsbe it therefore enabled by the King’s mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Aft to withdraw such Part of the Balance of the said Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds, remaining in the Hands of the laid Calhier of the said Governor and Company, as to the said Commissioners shall seem fit, from the Hands of the Calhier of the said Governor mid Company, and to invest the fame in Exchequer Bills, which Exchequer Bills shall be deposited in the Hands of the said Governor and Com* pany, and shall be and remain in the fame Names on the fame Account and to and for the fame Intents and Purposes, and subject to the like Claims of Compenfation, in Proportion to the Amount thereof, as well as of the Intereft accruing on the said Exchequer Bills, and to the like Orders of Payment, and other Regulations, as the said part of such Balance of the laid Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds was pursuant to the said recited aft, before the fame shall have been so invested in Exchequer Bills as aforefidd,

cap. xxn.

An Aft for making perpetual feverai Laws relating to permit* ting the Exportation of Tobacco-Pipe-Clay from Great Britain to the Britifb Sugar Colonies in the Weji India; the Importation of Sait from Europe into £pebec in Americas and the prohibiting of Foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets.

[Sift March 1808.3

" 17 G. 3. r. 43. § 3.—permitting Exportation of Tobacco-Pipe* 14 Clay to the British West Indies (laft continued by 43 G. 3. “e, to. § a.) made perpetual. § 1.—4 G. a. c. 19. for importing Salt «into Quebec, from Europe (laft continued by 43 G. x. c. 29. §7.) u made perpetual. § 2.—6 G. 3. t. 28. so for as prohibits the Im<

IheCommiffioD* er* under recited Aftasvwichditu the Buancaat the Bank, and invest the Mosef in Exchequer Bill*, to be deposited in the Bank ft* the purpofite ot the

fridAfi.

*3

CAX

54

C.23—

48° GEO. m.

A.D. 1808.

CAP. XXIII*

An Ad to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on the Importation into Great Britain of Hemp, and rough and undressed Flax, from His Majefty’s Colonies in America; and to the more efFe dually encouraging the Manufacture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten; and for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irijb Linens exported from Great Britain, and taking off the Duties on Importation into Great Britain, of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

[2ift March 1808.3

“ 4;G. 3. c. 26. for granting Bounty on Hemp and Flax (laft con-u tinued by 46 G. 3. c. 29. $ 4.) further continued till March 25, “ 1810. '' 1.—2" G. 3. c. 77. for encouraging Manufa&ure of Flax “and Cotton (laft continued by 26 G. 3. c. 29* $ 8.) further conti-“ nued till March 25,181.0. $2.—29 G. . c, 15. for granting “ Bounties on Linen, &c. (laft continued by 46 G, 3* r. 29. $ 3.} “ further continued till March 25, 1811. § 3."

CAP. XXIV.

An Ad foT further continuing, until Three Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Ad made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation into Great Britpin% of Hides and other Articles in Foreign Ships.	[21ft	March 1808.]]

“ 44 G. 3. r. 29. (as amended by 45 G. 3. c. 80. § 3, 4. and con-“tinued by 46 G. 3. c. 29. $9.) further continued until Three u Months aftet the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace*”

CAP. XXV.

An Ad for further continuing until the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Ad made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious it* Scotland.	[21 ft March 1808.3

* 33 G. 3. r. 74. (laft continued by 46 G. 3. /. 24.) further contir “ nued till July 25, 1609.”

CAP. XXVI.

An Ad for granting to His Majesty, until the End of the next Seflion of Parliament, Duties of Cuftoms on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated, in furtherance of the PrQvifions pf certain Orders .in Council.

£a?th March 1808.3 ‘ Moft

A.D. 1808.

C.a 6.

55

48® GEO. III.

4 Moft Gracious Sovereign,

1 TT7 HEREAS Meafures which have been taken by Powers at 1 W War with Your Majesty, prohibiting iii Violation of the.

'Lawof Nations all Intereourfe with this Kingdoip, and all Trade * in any Articles of its Growth or Manufafture, have rendered it ne-‘ceflary for Your Majesty to ifTue Orders in Council to counteract 1 the Difadvantages whicn were thereby imposed upon the Trade of 4 Your Majefty* s Subjests, and to retaliate upon the Enemy the Evils ‘ which he intended to inflict upon this Kingdom: And whereas it is 1 expedient and necessary in order effectually to accompli(h the Objeft 4 of such Orders, that Duties of Cuftoms mould be granted upon cer-4 tain Goods exported from Great Britain; We, Your Majefty’s molt 1 dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom,

4 in Parliament aisembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that 4 it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent . Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after tho palling of Duties imposed this Aft, there shall be raised, levied, collested, and paid unto His Ma-	V*?.

jefty. His Heirs and Succeffors, upon all Goods, Wares, and Mer- (c.j^Good* duuidize, enumerated or described in the Tables (A.) (B.) and (C») exported from annexed to this Adi, exported from Great Britain, the fevefal Duties Great Britain, of Cuftoms, as the fame are respectively described and fet forth in Figures in the said Tables.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the Duties granted and im- Duty on greater poled by this Aft, and made payable according to the Weight, Tale, or lei's Wt .-ht Gauge, Measure, or Value of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize than expressed charged, with such Duties, shall be charged and payable upon any intheSchedufes. greater or less Weight, Number, Quantity, or Value thereof than the Weight, Number, Quantity, or Value particularly inserted, described, and fet forth in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.)

(B.) and (C.) in proportion to the actual Weight, Number, QuaQ-tity, or Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize.

III.	And be it further enacted, That where any Goods, Wares, Goodswue-and Merchandize, which are allowed to be, or which shall have been housed,and takes warehoused, or otherwise secured, at the Time of the Importation out for Home thereof, without Payment of the Duties due thereon, shall be taken out or entered Inwards for Home Coniumption, and the Duties of Cuftoms and Excife then due thereon shall have been paid, and the Exportation fame shall afterwards be entered for Exportation, then and in every under this Aft. such Cafe the Duties of Cuftoms by this Aft imposed shall be paid on the Exportation of the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, notwithstanding the Payment of any Drawbacks to which the Ex* porter thereof may in iuch Cafe under any Law or Laws then in force be entitled.

IV.	4 And whereas by an Order in Council dated the Twenty-fifth 4 of November One thonfand eight hundred and seven, it was ordered 4 and declared, that Information of a certain other Order1 in Council •of the Eleventh of November One thousand eight hundred and fe-4 ven, should be taken and held to have been received in the Places 4 herein-after mentioned at the Periods respectively assigned to them 5 4 namely, Ports and Places within the Baltic on the Tweuty-firft of 4 December One thousand eight hundred and seven ; other Ports and 4 Places to the Northward of Jimjlerdam on the Eleventh of i)e-

E 4	4	cember

5«

C.2 6.

48° GEO. HI;

A *JlJi 1808.

Veflel* having failed from certain Port*, before Timet

limited in Order of Couneil, may proceed from Great Britain with their Car^o, withoutpayment offaid Evjjori Duties, &.c. (except Cotton Wool and Bark.)

Exemption for Goods (except Cotton Wool, inir+orted under Licence, dated before 11 Nov. &c. [Nr 48 G.3. C.71.J

LiV* Fxemption forGo»xls im))oited from free Ports in Well Indies,

*	eember One thousand eight hundred and seven ; from Amflerdanf. to

*	UJhant on the Fourth of December One thousand eight hundred and ‘ seven; from Ufhant to Cape Finisterre on the Eighth of December ‘ One thousand eight hundred and (even ; fiom Cape Finifterre to G/-

*	hr altar inclusive, on the Thirteenth of December Qne thoufand

*	eight hundred and seven; Madeira the Thirteenth of December 4 One thousand eight hundred and seven; Ports and Places within c the Streights of Gibraltar to Sicily and Malta and the West Coafts 4 of Italy inclusive, on the First of January One thousand eight huodred ‘ and eight; all other Ports and Places in the Mediterranean beyond

*	Sicily and Malta on the Twentieth of January One thousand eight 4 hundred and eight; Ports and Places beyond the Dardanelles on the

*	Firft of February One thousand eight hundred and eight ; any Part ‘ of the North and Weftera Coaft of Africa or the I Bands adjacent, ‘ except Madeira, on the Eleventh of January One thousand eight ‘ hundred and eight; the United States and Briti/b Fofleflions in 4 North America and the Wcjl Indict on the Twentieth of January 4 One thousand eight hundred and eight5 Cape of Good Hope and the

*	Eaft Coaft of South America qn the Fjrft of March One thousand 4 eight hundred and eight; InJia on the First of Afqy One thousand 4 eight hundred and eight; China and the Coaft of South America on 4 the First of June One thousand eight hundred and eight }• bo it therefore enacted, That nothing in this Ad contained fhali extend to pret vent any Veflel which shall have failed from any such Port or Place before the Period above specified as afbrefiqd, and which shall have been brought into or shalt have come into any Port in Great Britain under any Warning gives in pursuance of any of tfie find Orders in Couneil, from proceeding on her Voyage to any Port or Place whatever, witnout entering or landing any Part of her Cargo in Great Britain (except Cotton Wool or Yarn, or Jefuits Bark) and without the Payment of any Duty granted by this Ad upon any Part of the Cargo (except Cotton Wool or Yarn, pr Jffuitsftqrk) ; Provided always, that if the Port or Place to which such Veflel shall proceed, shall belong to a Country in Amitv with His Mh-jefty, and from which the Briti/b Flag is not exeluded, such Veflel shall in that Cafe be permitted to proceed without being compelled to land any Part of her Cargo, or to pay any Duty imposed by this Ad in respect of the fame.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing in this Ad contained shall extend to charge with any of the Duties granted by this Ad, any Goods, Wares, o.r Merchandize (except Cotton Wool or Yarn, and Jefuits Bark) imported into Great Britain in any Veflel, under any Licence bearing Date before the Eleventh Day of November last, or in any Veflel which shall have been cleared out from the Port or Place from which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize were imported before the Period in this Ad fpeci-fied, as to such Port or place, as the Period at which the said Orders in Council shall be taken and held to have been received, in any Cafes in which the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall, upon their Importation, have been or shall be warehoused for Exportation only.

VI.	Provided always, and' be it further enacted. That nothing in this Ad contained shall extend to charge with any of the Duties granted by this Ad, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize on the Exportation from Great Britain (except Cotton Wool or Yam, and Je-

*	*	fuiU

AJ).i8o8.

48* GEO. Ill*	C.1$.	57

fab Bark) whidi shall have been or shall be imported into Great Britain prior to the firftDayof ,/**# One thousand eight hundred and eight, from any free Port in any of His Majefty’s Plantations in the Vef Indies or any other Port or Place, under any Licence from the Governor of any of His Majefty’s Plantations auly authorized for that Purpose, bearing Date prior to the Twenty-firft Day of January kft, in caie such Goods, Wares, or Merchandise shall, on their Importation into Great Britain, have been or shall be warehoused for Exportation only.

VII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize deferibed in the (aid Tables (A.) and (B.) of the Growth and Produce of Saint Domingo, which shall have been or shall be imported into Great Britain by Licence in return for Goods exported to the laid Istand, bearing Date prior to the Fifth of February One thousand eight hundred and eight, and which shall have been or shall be warehoused for Exportation, shall be liable, on the Exportation thereof, to any of the Duties of Cuftoms granted by this Ad; and all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Growth and P*£ Juce of Saint Domingo, which shall have been or shall be imported into Great Britain under any Licence bearing Date fub* sequently to the hid Fifth Day of February, shall, upon the Exportation thereof from Great Britain, be chargeable with and subject and liable to One-half Part only of the Duties of Cuftoms granted by this A€t upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the like Description, upon their Exportation from Great Britain•

VIIL And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which have been or may be condemned as Prize, shall, on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain, be charged with and subject and liable to the Duties by this Ad imposed on the Exportation of the like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively, any Law, Cuftom, or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding; Provided always, that nothing in this Ad contained shall extend to charge with any of the Duties granted by this Ad, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize (except Cotton Wool or Yarn, or Jefuits Bark) which shall have been or shall be brought into any Port in Great Britain for Adjudication before the palling of this Ad, whether the fame shall have been or shall be subsequently restored or condemned as Prize.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That the Duties of Cuftom9 de-fenbed and fet forth in Figures in the said Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) (B.) and {C.) on the several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize specified therein, shall be paid to the proper Officer authorized to receive the Duties of Cuftoms on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into Great Britain, and may and shall respectively be managed, afeertained, railed, levied, collected, answered, paid, and recovered, except where any alteration is expressly made by this Ad, in such and the like Manner, and by the fame Means, Ways, or Methods, as former Duties pf Cuftoms upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in general, mid also by any such Ipecial Means, Ways, or Methods respectively, to former Duties of Cuftoms upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the fame Sorts or Kinds were or might be managed, alcertaioed, railed, levied, collected, answered, paid, and recovered; sad the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whereon Duties of Cuftoms in by this Ad charged, as the feme are respectively inserted, deferibed,

under Licence, prior to 1 June 1808. [\AvswJt 4SG.3,c.71.!*.]

Exemption for Goods imported from St. Domingo, uuder Licence dated prior to Feb. 5, 1808. Goods imported under fobfequent licences liable to Half the Duties.

For cbaiginf the Duties on Prize Goods. [.See 48 G.S. C. 71.

Duties shall be raised as foradr Dut ies of Cuftoms.

5*

C.

A.D. 1808

48® GEO. III.

and fet forth in the said Tables, upon Exportation thereof from Great Britain, shall be and the fame are hereby made fubjedfc and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Securities, Rules, Reftriftions, Seizures, and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in general, and also all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regu-' lations, Rcflriftions, Seizures, Sales, and Forfeitures respectively, to which the* like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the palling of this Aft respecting the Revenue of Cuftoms, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Aft ; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines, and Forfeitures, of whatever Nature or Kind the fame may be, as well Pains of Death as others, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the palling of this Aft, made for securing the Revenue of Cuftoms, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, Provifoes, and Direftions contained in any such Aft or Afts, (hail (unlefs where expressly altered by this Aft) extend to and be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution, in respect of the several Duties of Cuftoms hereby charged, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents • and Purpofes whatever, as if all and every the said Afts, Clauses, Pro-vifoes. Powers, Direftions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this Aft, and made Part thereof.

AfcertaxnTng	X. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where, by the

Value of	faid Tables, the Duties of Cuftoms by this Aft imposed upon the

Goods, paying	Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize from Great Rri-

mtvalortam* are charged not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be considered as the fame shall be at the Port of Exportation, without any Deduftion or Abatement whatever; and such Value shall be af-certained by the Declaration of the Exporter or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or his known Agent, in the Manner and Form, and under all the Rules, Regulations, and Reflections, and subject to the fame Forfeitures and Penalties as are pre-feribed and directed for ascertaining and collecting the Duties to be paid upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, according to the Value thereof, by an Aft pafied in the Twenty-feventh Year of the Reign ay G. 3. c. 13. of His present Majesty, intituled. An A3 for repealing the several Duties of C idioms and Excife, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties together with the other Duties com-pojing the puhltch Revenue, for permitting the Importation of certain Goodsy Wares, and Merchandize^ the Produce or RianufaBurc of the European Dominions of the French King into this Kingdom, and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives to the Rcdudion of the National Debt; and in cafe any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, chargeable with any such Duty by this Aft, according to Value, shall not be valued according to the true Price or Value thereof, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, then it shall be lawful for the prosper Officer or Officers of the Cifftoms, to cause the fame to be detained 5 and the said Goode, Wares, and Merchandize shall be dealt w;th, and the proper Officer of the Cuftoms shall proceed, with

relation

C. 2*

59

ID. ifofc	48*	GEO. TIL

cbrion to the faad Goods, Ware*, and Merchandise so detained* is fwy r?fpe& in the Manner prescribed in such Cafe by the laid

isoted ASt.

XI.	A -d be it further enacted, That in cafe any Goods, Wares, Good* detained or Merchandize, upon which Duties of Cuftoms are hereby imposed, M undervalued

be detained by any Officer of the Cuftoms on account of the fame at being valued according to the true and real Value thereof, and ac- n'tTOfl|Lj| ccri g to the true Intent and Meaning of this A A, it shall be fevrul for the Commiflioners of his Mujefty’s Cuftoms in England i.c S:tland respectively, for the Time being, or any Three or more of them respectively, upon Proof being made to their Satisfaction that no Fraud was intended, to direct the Entry to be amended* upon such Terms and Conditions as under the Circumftances of the Cafe shall appear to the said Commiflioners of the Cuftoms in Inland and Scotland respectively to be reasonable, and as they shall thi'ik fit to direct: Provided always, that if the Importer, Exporter, or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize*

U accept the Terms or Conditions preferred by the said Cora-nuflioner* of the Cuftoms respectively, such Importer, Exporter, or Proprietor, shall not have or be entitled to any Recompence or Dan age on account of the Detention of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or have or maintain any A&ion whatever for the lame; any Law, Cuftom, or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding,

XII.	A id be it further enacted. That such of the Duties, of Cuf- Dmtwftsllko toms by this Adt imposed, as shall arise in that part of Great Britain

called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners r^y.JL? of the Cuftoms in England for the Time being ; a id such thereof as ball arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Cuftoms in Scotland for the Time being.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe the Whole or any Ships wrivmr

Part of the Cargo of any Veffel, which shall arrive in ar.y Port of JV*1 fi,her “ Great Britain shall consist of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize what-	their*

erer, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Country or Place	£aft

within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Good* {fall Merchants of England trading to the East Indiet, such Veffel shall forth- proceed to with proceed to the Port of London, where all such Goods, Wares, and Lmdon, sndb* Merchandize shall be landed, lodged, and secured under His Majefty’s rachoutwL Lock, iu some of the Warehouses belonging to the said United Company, at the Expence of the Proprietors of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and be there examined, and an Account taken thereof by

the proper Officers of the Cuftoms, and of the Excife in Cafes where that Revenue in concerned, and such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall remain so secured until the Exportation thereof $ and before any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be taken out of such Warehouse for the Purpofe of Exportation, the several Duties of Cuftoms, as the fame are deferibed and fet forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (C.) shall be first paid to the proper Officer of the Cuftoms; and in those Cafes in the laid Table marked 1C.) where tjie Duties to be paid on the Exportation of any such Goods, Watts, and Merchandize shall not be charged according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure, but -according to the Value thereof, such Value ihall be afeertained by the Declaration tf the Proprietor or Jut Juown Agent* in the Manner and Form,

6o

C .26.

48° GEO. Ill*

A.D. x8o8~

S7G.3.C.18.

43 G. 3. c. 183.

45G.3.C. 87.

46 G. 3. c. 137.

VeflVl* arriving at Oat Port* with part East India Goods not exceeding One-fourth in rahie of the Caigo, maj unload

and under the Rules, Regulations, and Redriftions, and subject to the fame Forfeitures and Penalties as are prescribed and imposed for ascertaining and collecting Duties to be paid according to the Value thereof, by the (aid recited Aft passed in the Twenty-fevent li Year of His present Majesty; and in cafe any such Goods, Ware*, or Merchandize shall not be valued according to the true and real Value thereof, then it shall be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Cudoms to cause the fame to be detained, and the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be dealt with, and the proper Officers of the Cudoms shall proceed in the Manner prescribed in such Cafe by the said recited Aft: Provided always, that such Goods,Wares, or Merchandize, so detained, (Cotton Wool excepted) shall be fold only for the Purpofe of being exported from Great Britain, any Law, Cuftom, or Ufage to the contrary notwithftand-ing: Provided also, that in cafe any jPart of the Cargo of any such Ship or Veflel so confiding in Part of East Indian Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, as aforesaid, shall consist of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, not being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufa&ure of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, such lad-mentioned Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall be duly entered, either to be Secured or lodged in Warehouses, according to the Rules, Regulations, and Redriftions, of an Adi passed in the Fprty.third Year of His present Majedy, intituled, An AH for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured in Ware-houfe without Payment of Duty ; and of a certain other Aft, paiTed in 1 he Forty-fifth Year of His present Majedy, intituled, An AH to authorize the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to permit certain Articles to be warehovfed in different Ports in Great Britain, upon giving fe-curity for the Payment of Duties upon the Articles therein mentioned; and of a certain pther Aft, passed in the Forty-fixth Year of His said Majesty, intituled. An AH to extend the Proviftons of an made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty ,for permitting certain Articles to be warchoufcd in Great Britain, to other Articles not therein mentioned, and to alter ike Condition of the Bopd direHed to be given by an AH of the Twenty fourth Year of His present Majesty, by the Mafters and Owners of Vejfels and Boats licenced by the Lords of the Admiralty, provided such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize by Law may be so lodged or secured, otherwise the full Duties of Cudoms and of Excife (in Cafes where any such Duties are payable on such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize) due thereon, shall be paid to the proper Officers of the Cudoms* and Excife; and all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so brought into the Port of London, shall, on the Exportation thereof, be charged with the Duties due and payable by this Aft on any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize respectively, as the fame are deferibed and fet forth in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.) as the cafe may be.

XIV* Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the Satisfaftion of the Colleftor and Comptroller of the Cudoms of any Port in Great Britain, by the Report of anr Vef-fel which shall arrive at such Port with any Cargo, Part whereof shall confid of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Maoufaftuife of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted tp the United Company of Merchants of England

ID. rtoS.

C.26.

61

48° GEO. III.

laud trading to the Enjl Indie*, that such Goods, Wires, and Merchandized© not exceed in Value One Fourth Part of the whole Va-iseof the Cargo of such VefTel, then and in such Cafe it shall be Mid for the Owner, Confignee, or Captain of such Veffel, after png such Security as shall be directed by the Commissioners of the Moms in England and Scotland respectively, or any Three of them, fcrthe due Conveyance of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize as dwfiud, to the Port of London, there to be warehoused as aforesaid, ad not before, to land the Cargo of such Veffel at the Port of her Arrival, except such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize as aforesaid, sad either to cause such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize to be conveyed in the fame Ship to the Port of London, or to cause the rime to be trans(hipped in order to be conveyed to the laid Port, cpoa the said Security, and under such Regulations and Reftridions fir securing the conveying the fame to the said Port, as shall be di-ne&ed by the Commissioners of the Cuftoms in England and Scotland nripedively.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, brought uto Great Britain, may, if he or they shall be so disposed, instead of paying the full Duties of Cuftoms and Excife due and pay able thereon, secure or lodge in Warehoufes approved by the Comurifiioners of the Cuftoms of England or Scotland respectively, without Payment of Duty in the first Instance, any Goods, Wares, iod Merchandize, which, by virtue of any Law in force at the Time of palling this Ad, are allowed to be so Secured and warehoused, under the Conditions and Regulations of the laid recited Ads passed in the Forty-third, Forty-fifth, and Forty-fixth Years of His pre-fent Majesty respectively; and all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so warehoused, on which the full Duties of Cuftoms and Excife shall have been paid, shall, on the Exportation thereof, be subject and liable to and be charged with the Duties of Cuftoms mpoled by this Ad, as inserted and fet forth in the Tables hereunto annexed, as the Cafe may be.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Cuftoms, or any Three or more of them, upon the Requeft of the Owner, Proprietor, or Confignee of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize warehoused, to destroy the fame, in such Manner as they shall respectively direct, without Payment of Duty, and upon Payment only of any Charges and Ex-pences due thereon,

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That the Importers, Proprietors, or Confignees of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which shall have been lodged in Warehouses, or otherwise secured according to the Directions of the said recited Ad passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, or any other Ad or Ads of Parliament, by virtue and under the Authority of which any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall have been so lodged or secured, shall, within Fifteen Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day on which such Importers, Proprietors, or Confignees of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, /hall have made their first Entry thereof, dear and take from and out of such Warehoufes or Places refped-rtely all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, either for the Pur-pofe of being exported according to the Dircdions of this Ad, on

3	Payment

Remainder of the Cargo and trxnsfhip Lett Indie Good* 10 London on Security.

Importers may warehoitfj without Payment of Import Duty, under the general warehoufing Act, any Goods which might be so warehoused in Cafes of regular Importation.

Goods may be deftroved at Requeft of Owners.

Warehoufed

Good* ihaJl be cleared in 15 Months, &c.

C.2&

A.D.i8oS.

48s GEO. m.

Re-exportation of Gcodafo waxebonCed.

Exemption for

Goods exported to Ireland; and Irilh Goods exported tlirough Gmc Britain.

Payment of the Duties hereby imposed, or to be used or confome*! in Great Britain .* Provided always, that such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, may legally be taken out for that Purpose, on Payment of the full Duties of Cuftoms and Excife that are or may be due or .payable thereon at the Time the fame are so taken out; and in cafe any such Importers, Proprietors, or Coniignees, shall fail or neglect so to do, it shall be lawful for the Commiilioners of the Cuftoms in England or Scotland respectively, to cause all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to be publickly fold or exposed to Sale 5 and after such Sale, the Produce thereof shall first be applied to or towards the Payment of the Freight, Primage, and Charges of Warehoufe-room, and other Changes that shall anse thereon, next to the Duties of Cuftoms and Excite, and the Overplus (if any) shall be paid to the Proprietor or other Perfons authorized to receive the fame: Provided always, that m cafe any Goods, Wares, or Merchan-.dize, so remaining and directed to be fold, shall be of the Growth, Produce, or Manufafture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which shall be prohibited to be used or consumed in Great Bri~ tain, then and in such Cafe all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be fold only for the Purpofe of being exported, and not on any Pretence whatever to be used or consumed in Great Britain ; provided that no such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be so fold, un-lefs a Price can be obtained for the fame caual at least to the full Amount of all Duties, of Cuftoms and Excite, charged and chargeable thereon, together with the Expences ; but if such Price cannot be obtained, then and in such Cafe all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be effectually destroyed by and in the Prefence of the proper Officers of the Cuftoms, and also the Officers of the Excife in cafe any Duties of Excife are payable thereon, who are hereby respectively authorized and required to destroy the fame accordingly ; and the Proprietor or Owner of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall have no Claim, either in Law or Equity, to the Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any Part thereof, so destroyed as aforesaid, any Law, Cuftom, or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, may be re-exported to the Country from which they were brought, or to the Country from which the Veflel in which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize were imported shall belong or shall have belonged, without Payment of the Duties imposed by this Aft, and upon Payment only of such Warehoufe or rort Duties as shall have become due thereon, provided that the BrU tifh Flag shall not, at the Time of fucli Re-exportation, be excluded from such Country respectively.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge the Duties imposed by this Aft on any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever, that shall be exported from Great Britain to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; or on any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland, having been imported from thence directly to Great Britain, on the Exportation thereof to any Country what-

ever.

7

XIX,	Pro.

AD. 1808.

48• GEO. III.

C. 2^*

63

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing i& this Aft contained shall extend or be conit rued to extend, to charge the Duties by this Aft imposed on the Exportation of any Flour or Meal, or Articles not being either in the Whole or in Part moofa&ured, being of the Growth or Produce of any State in htnj>e or America in Amity with His Majesty, and imported in cy Ship belonging to such State, or in any British Ship navigated according to Law directly from any such State; (except Coffee, Scpr, Pimento, Cocoa Nuts, Hides, Tallow, Gil, and CottonWool or 1 am, or Jefuits Bark.)

XX.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to charge with the Duties imposed by this -Aft any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, cf the Growth, Produce, or Manufafture of any British Colony, Plantation, or Settlement in Africa or America, which flail have been imported directly from such Cojony, Plantation, or Settlement respectively and exported to any Port or Place whatever.

XXI.	Provided also, and be it further e.iacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to charge with the Duties imposed by this Aft, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, that shall have been imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or by any Subjefts of His h^ajefty trading within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company with their Licence, upon the Exportation of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from Great Britain to any Port or Places whatever.

XXII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to charge the Duty by this Aft imposed on any Wine, Spirits, or Tobacco, which mail be shipped for the Ufe of His Majefty’s Army or Navy; but such Wine, Spirits, or Tobacco, shall be subject and liable to all and every the Rules, Regulations, and Conditions, Limitations, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to which such Articles so shipped would have been subject and liable, if this Aft had not been made.

XXIII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to charge with the Duties by this Aft imposed any the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, exported from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, by virtue and under the Authority of any Licence which the Com-miffioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms in England or Scotland, or any Three or more of them respectively, are or may be by Law authorized and empowered to grant.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Duties by this Aft imposed on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize exported from Great Britainf shall not be charged or payable on any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, not man ufaft ured either in the Whole or in Part, nor upon any Wine or any Article of Provifion

Brits excepted) exported to any British Colony, Plantation, or iement, in Africa or America, or to any British Settlement within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eqft Indies ; any Thing in this Aft to the contrary notwithstanding,

XXV. And

Exemption for Goods the Produce of Countries at Amity.

Exception.

Exemption for Goods of British Colonies.

Exemption for Goods imported! hyEtft India Company, or under their Lictnoe.

Exemption for Wine* Spirits, and Tolwcco, for Army aud Navy.

Exemption far Goods exported to Iflcof Men. [£ee48G.3.c.71-*a.]

Exemption for Goods exported to Brittfh Colonies (Spirits excepted).

C. 26-

A. D-1808.

48* GEO. HI.

American Veffcls entering British Ports in confc-qucxice of warning exempt from '1 onnage Duties under

87 G. 3. c. 97. §17.

Saving for Privileges of tin several Dock Companies.

Cotinuance of Duties (unlefii fufpended).

Aft may be suspended by Order in CoundL

This Aft shall not prevent the King prohibiting Exportation.

Duties in Table (A.) annexed to this Aft fhu.ll be in lieu of Export Dudes under 43 G. 3. C. 70. It 139.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That no Ship or Veflel of the United States of America which shall enter any Pott in Great Bri-tain or Ireland in consequence of her having been warned not to proceed to a blockaded Port under His Majefty’s Order in Council of the Eleventh of November One thousand eight hundred and seven, shall be liable to be charged with the Duty of Two Shillings a Ton of the Burthen of any Ship or VefTel belonging to the inhabitants of the said United States, imposed bv an Aft of the Thirty-feventh Year of His Majeily’s Reign, which has been continued and revived by several subsequent Afts.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing herein contained, shall extend to afFeft or take away any of the Rights or Privilege? of the Wtjl India Dock Company, of the JLondon Dock Company, or of the East India Dock Company.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted. That the Duties granted and imposed by this Aft shall continue in force until the End of the next Seilion of Parliament, unless His Majesty, by His Order in Couneil, shall think fit to suspend or reduce the fame, or any Part thereof.

XXVI £1. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, at any Time, by Order in Couneil, to suspend the Operation of this Aft as to any Duties, or any Proportion or Part of any Duties granted by this Aft, in respect of any Country for the Time being in Amity with His Majesty, and to allow the Exportation to any such Country so in Amity with His Majesty as afore-laid, of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, made subject by this Aft to any Duties on Exportation, without the Payment of such Duties, upon such Terms and Conditions, and subject to such Re-ftriftions, as to His Majesty may seem fit.

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent His Majesty from prohibiting the Exportation of any Articles, Matters, or Things, to any Country or Place from which the British Flag is exeluded, in any Cafe in which it would have been lawnil for His Majesty to prohibit such Exportation, if this Aft had not passed.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the Duties imposed by an Aft, passed in the Forty-third Year of Hi9 present Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An AS for granting to His Majesty during the present War, and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vtjfels in Great Britain, on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated and described, and which by another Aft passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An AS for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured in Warehoufe without Payment of Duty, were di-refted to be paid on all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize (Sugar excepted) which should be exported from the Warekoufes or Places in which such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize had been lodged or secured, under the Direftions of the said last recited Aft, shall not be due or payable on any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so exported, on which other Duties are charged, according to the Table marked (A.) hereunto annexed, but that

the

A.D.iioZ.

C. 26.

*5

48° GEO. III.

the Dudes on any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, as fet forth in the said Table, shall,* during the Continuance of such Duties, be in/lead and in lieu of the Duties charged and imposed thereon by the said Two last recited Afts palled in the Forty-third Year of His present Majeltv's Reign.

XXXI.	And be it further enaaed. That all the Monies ariling bom the Duties of Cuftoms by this Adi imposed (the necelfary Charge of railing and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenue 5 and that there llmll be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies ariling from the said Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, upon any Account whatever5 and the said Monies so paid in as aforesaid, into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, shall from Time to Time, as the fame shall be paid into the laid Receipt, be ilTued and applied to such services as mall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Seilion of Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight, or shall be voted by the said Commons for the Service of any subsequent Year.

XXXII.	And be it further enabled. That if any action or Suit shall be brought or commenced againll any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Aft, or of any Order in Council referred to in this Aft, such Aftion or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Faft committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Caufe of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Aftion or Suit may plead the General Iflue, anl give this Aft and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon ; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defend mts in any such Aftion or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their Aftion or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment. shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Colls, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant had in other Cafes to recover Colls by Law.

M Aft may be amended, &c. § 33; [&r 48 Geo. 3. c. 71.]”

TABLES to which this A£t refers.

TABLE (A.)

A TABLE of Duties of Cuftoms, payable on the Exportation of certain Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or deferfbed, not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies (which, on Importation, are allowed to be secured under the Regulations of the 43 Geo. III. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 48 Geo. III.	4	F	*	and

Application of Duties!

Limitation of . Aftiont.

General Iffue.

Treble Colls.

C 26.

A.JL). i8o{



48® GEO. III.

and 46 Geo. III. cap. 137. without Payment of the Dutie due thereon) m9 and which shall be exported from Grea Britain s except as is provided in the AOt to which thi Table is annexed.

Duty. ’

Arabic Gum. See Gum.

Barilla* the cwt.	...

Bark* viz. Jefuits’ Bark* or Cortex Peruvianus* the lb. -Bowfprita. See Mads* in Wood.

Brandy. See Spirits.

Buffalo Hides. See Hides.

Bull Hides! See Hides.

Cochineal* the lb.	...

Cocoa Nuts* the cwt.

Coffee* the cwt.

Cortex Peruvianus. See Bark.

Cotton Wool. See Wool.

Cotton Yarn. See Yarn.

Cow Hides. See Hides.

Currants* the cwt.	-	*

Denia Raifins. See Raifins. '

Faro Raifins. See Raifins.

Figs, the cwt.

Fir Timber. See Timber* in Wood.

Geneva. See Spirits.

Ginger* the cwt.	-	•

Gum* viz.

—	Arabic* the cwt.

.....Senega* the cwt.

Hemp* rough or undreffed* the cwt.

Hides* viz. Buffalo* Bull* Cow* or Ox Hides* not tanned*

tawed* or in any way dreffed* the hide Jalap* the lb.	-

Jefuits’ Bark. See Bark.

Indigo* the lb..	-	-

Iron* in Bars* the Ton* containing 20 cwt.

Kelp, the Ton* containing 20 cwt.

Lexia Raifins. See Raifins.

Lipari Raifins. See Raifins.

Mahogany. See Wood.

Manna* the lb.	-	-	•

Mails. See Wood.

Melasses, the cwt.	-

Oak Timber. See Timber* in Wood.

Oars. See Wood.

Oil, viz.

—	ordinary Oil of Olives, the Tun* containing 252

Gallons	-

■■ ■ Salad Oil* the Gallon	-	-

Ox Hides. See Hides.

Pimento* the lb.	-	.	•	.

o

o

10

6

I	0 c
X	8 c
0	9 *
0	7 0
0	7 0
0	10 0
0	to 0
0	iS 0
0	3 0
0	0 6
0	2 0
5	0 0
4	0 0
0	0 6
0	5 0
10	10 0
0	1 0
0	0 *
	Pitch#

LD. i8ot.

48® GEO. m.

67



C.26.

TABLE (A.)

Pitch, the last, containing is Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31 £ Gallons	-	-

Prize Goods, viz. Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, taken and condemned as Prize, not being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and not being particularly enumerated or charged with Duty in this Table, for every £100 of the Value thereof Prohibited Goode, viz. Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, not being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to The United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies for every £100 of the Value thereof Quicksilver, the lb.	•

Raifins, viz.

•	---Belvidere Raifins, the cwt.

*	---Denia Raifins, the cwt.

—- Faro Raifins, the cwt.

------Lexia Raifins, the cwt.

------Lipari Raifins, the cwt.	-

—— Smyrna Raifins, the cwt.

—— of the Sun, the cwt.

------not otherwise enumerated or deferibed, the cwt.

Raw Silk. See Silk.

Rhubarb, the lb.

Rice, the cwt.	-

Rolin, the cwt.	-

Rum. See Spirits.

Saffron, the lb.	-	-

Sallad Oil. See Oil.

Sena, the lb*	-

Silk, viz.

—	Raw Silk, the lb.	-

—	Thrown Silk, the lb.

—	Wafte Silk, the lb.

Smalts, the lb.	-	-

Smyrna Raifins. See Raifins.

Spirits, viz.

-----Brandy, Angle the Gallon	•

---------------  above	Proof,	the Gallon

“-—-Geneva Angle, the Gallon

• above Proof, the Gallon

20

—Rum Angle, the Gallon

■-----above Proof, the Gallon

- of any other Kind, Angle, the Gallon ' — ■■ -  ------—-	above Proof, {he Gallon

ar, viz.

— Brown, orMufcovado, the cwt.

Fa

Duty.

/• dm

4	4

20	0	»
0	X	O
0	4	6
0	4	0
0	4	6
0	4	6
0	4	6
0	5	0
0	9	4
' 0	4	0
0	2	0
0	2	0
0	0	9
0	3	. 0
0	0	6
0	2	6
0	4	0
0	0	6
0	0	6
0	0	8
0	1	4
0	0	8
0	X	4
0	0	8
0	1	4
0	0	8
0	X	4
0	10	0
	Sugar,	

C. 3d.

A.D. i8o9

5*

48° GEO. in.

Afcertaming Value of Goods, paying Duties mi valorem.

41 G. 3.c. 13.

and fet forth in the said Tables, upon Exportation thereof from Greet* Britain, shall be and the fame are hereby made fubied and liable to all. and every the Conditions, Regulations, Securities, Rules, Reftridions, Seizures, and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in general, and also all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, Seizures, Sales, and Forfeitures respectively, to which the* like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize were subject and liable by any Ad or Ads of Parliament in foKe on and immediately' before the palling of this A61 respecting the Revenue of Cuftotns» except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Ad; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines, and Forfeitures, of whatever Nature or Kind the fame may be, as well Pains of Death as others, for any Offence whatever committed again ft or in Breach of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on or immediately before the palling of this A6t, made for securing the Revenue of Cuftoms, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, Provifoes, and Diredions contained in any such Ad or Ads, shall (uulefs where expressly altered by this Ad) extend to and be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution, in respect of the several Duties of Cuftom8 hereby charged, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes whatever, as if all and every the said Ads, Clauses, Provifoes, Powers, Diredions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enaded in the Body of this Adi, and made Part thereof.

X.	And be it further enacted. That in all Cafes where, by the said Tables, the Duties of Cuftoms by this Ad imposed upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize from Great Brt~ tain, are charged not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure, but according to the Value thereof such Value shall be considered as the fame shall be at the Port of Exportation, without any Dedudion or Abatement whatever; and such Value shall be ascertained by the Declaration of the Exporter or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or his known Agent, in the Manner and Form, and under all the Rules, Regulations, and Reftric-tions, and subject to the fame Forfeitures and Penalties as are prescribed and dire6led for ascertaining and colleding the Duties to be paid upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, according to the Value thereof, by an Ad parted in the Twenty-feventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An A8 for repealing the several Duties of Cujloms and Excife, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties together with the other Duties com-po/ing the publick Revenue, for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or ManufaBure of the European Dominions of the French King into this Kingdom, and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives to the ReduBion of the National Debt; and in cafe any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, chargeable with any such Duty by this Ad, according to Value, shall not be valued according to the true Price or Value thereof, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, then it shall be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of theCilftoms, to cause the fame to be detained ; and the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be dealt with, and the proper Officer of the Cuftoms shall proceed, with

relation

lDLrfo8.

C.26

59

48° GEO. TIL

sates to the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so detained,

* rerr nefpe£t in the Manner prefcnbed in such Cafe by the faid

1sad A&.

II A d be it further enacted, That in cafe any Goods, Wares, Goods detain! r Merchandize, upon which Duties of Cuftoms are hereby imposed, » undervalued L* be detained by any Officer of the Cuftoms on account of the fame r: 5£:ag valued according to the true and real Value thereof, and ac- ^nJy^Ld. :ri g to the true Intent and Meaning of tbit Ad, it shall be ® i^r^l for the Commiflioners of his Majefty’s Cuftoms in England t-s Ze tland refpetlively, for the Time being, or any Three or more ct tistn refpe6tively, upon Proof being made to their Satisfaction 6st no Fraud was intended, to direCt the Entry to be amended, ipaa such Terms and Conditions as under the Circumftances of the Cate shall appear to the said Commiflioners of the Cuftoms in inland and Scotland respectively to be reasonable, and as they shall ar.k fit to direCl: Provided always, that if the Importer, Exporter, or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, haft accept the Terms or Conditions prefer;bed by the said Com-srifioners of the Cuftoms refpeCtively, such Importer, Exporter, or Proprietor, shall not have or be entitled to any Recompence or Dan. age on account of the Detention of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or have or maintain any ACtion whatever for the hz* *, any Law, Cuftom, or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding,

Xil. A id be it further enacted, That such of the Duties of Cuf- Duties ft>0k toms by this ACt imposed, as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Coxnmiffioners of the Cuftoms in England for the Time being ; a .d such thereof as ante in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms in Scotland fat the Time being.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe the Whole or any Ships amvmr Part of the Cargo of any Veffel, which shall arrive in any Port of fi,hcr Great Britain shall consist of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize what-	thei7

ever, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Goods shall Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, such VefTel shall forth- proceed to with proceed to the Port of London, where all such Goods, Wares, and London, and bo Merchandize shall be landed, lodged, and secured under His Majefty’a wareboufcd" Lock, in some of the Warehoufes belonging to the said United Com-assy, at the Expence of the Proprietors of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and he there examined, and an Account taken thereof by the proper Officers of the Cuftoms, and of the Excife in Cafes where that Revenue ia concerned, and such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall remain so secured until the Exportation thereof ; and before any {uch Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be taken out of such Warehouse for the Purpofe of Exportation, the several Duties of Cuftoms, as the fame are deferihed and fet forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (C.) shall be first paid to the proper Officer of the Cuftoms ; and in those Cafes in the said Table marked 1C. ) where tjie Duties to be paid on the Exportation of any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall not be charged according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure, but 'according to the Value thereof, such Value ihall be afeertained by the Declaration tf the Proprietor or bis Jtnown Agent, in the Manner and Form,

TABLE (B.)

Indian Corn or Maize. See Corn.

Iron, viz. Pig Iron, the Ton, containing 20 cwt; Ifinglass, the cwt.

Lemons, the 1000	-

Linfeed. See Seed.

.Madder, viz.

■■	Mull, the cwt..	•	-

—■■	Root, the cwt.	-	-

-------- of any other Sort, the cwt.	•

Oak Bark. See Bark.

Oakum, the cwt.

Oatmeal. See Corn.

Oats. See Corn.

Oils, viz. Seed Oil of all Sorts, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons Oranges, the 1000 Peafe. See Corn.

Pig Iron. See Iron.

Pork, the cwt.

Prize Goods, viz. Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, taken and condemned as Prize, not being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter wanted to The United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and not being particularly enumerated or charged with Duty in this Table, for every jgiooof the Value thereof Rye. See Com.

Safflower, the cwt.

Salt, the Buflicl, containing 56 lbs.

Saltpetre, the cwt.

Seed, viz. Linfeed, or Flax Seed, the Bufhel Seed Oil. See Oil.

Sjpaniih Wool. See Wcol.

Tow, the cwt.

Vaionia, the cwt.	-

Verdigris, viz.

» ■■ ■■ common, the lb.

—— ■ ■ crystallized, the lb.

Wheat. See Com.

Wheat-meal and Flour. See Corn.

Wool, viz. Spanifh Wool, the cwt.

Yarn, viz. Raw Linen Yarn made of Flax, the cwt.

For the several Exemptions from the Duties charged in this Table, whether relating to Goods exported, or to Countries or Places to which Goods shall be exported, fee the A£t to which this Table is annexed.	I

Duty.	
A	/• dm
1	to O
S	O O
X	0 0
0	1 s
0	12 0
0	xo 0
0	4 0
10	xo 0
1	0 0
0	17 6
20	0  0
X	0 0
0	2 0
X	8 0
0	x 6
0	5 0
0	5 0

o

X

o

10

6

o

o

0

TABLE

A»D» x 808.

48* GEO. m.

C. 26*

71

TABLE (C.)

A TABLE of Duties of Cuftoms payable on the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufa&ure of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaji Indies, not having been imported by the said Company, and which shall be exported from Great Britain, except as is provided in the A£fc to which this Table is annexed.

Annotto, the cwt.

Arabic Gum. See Gum.

Arrack. See Spirits.

Bandanna Handkerchiefs. See Handkerchiefs.

Barilla, the cwt.

Bark ; viz. Jefuits’ Bark, or Cortex Peruvianus, the lb. Brandy. See Spirits.

Buffalo Hides. See Hides.

Bull Hides. See Hides.

Calicoes; viz.

—	YPhite,	whether	plain, flowered, or stitched,

for every £100 of the Value — — Printed, painted, stained, or dyed, for every £100 of the Value Caffia Lignea, the lb.

China Ware, or Earthen Ware, for every £100 of the Value ...

Cinnamon, the lb.

Cloves, the lb.

Cochineal, the lb.

Duff, the lb.

Cocoa Nuts, the cwt.

Coffee, the cwt.

Copper; viz. Copper in Bricks, Rofe Copper, Caft Cop.

per, and Copper in Plates, the cwt.

Cortex Peruvianus. See Jefuits9 Bark in Bark.

Cotton Manufactures, not otherwise enumerated or de scribed, for every iZiooof the Value Cotton Wool. See Wool.

Cotton Yarn. See Yarn.

Cow Hides. See Hides.

Dimity; viz. Plain White Dimity, for every jffioo of the Value EarthenWare. See China Ware.

Flax, rough or undreffect, the cwt.

Galls, the cwt.

Ginger, the cwt.

Granilla, the lb.

F4

Duty.

£.	/. d.
4	O
0	8 0
0	6 0

*5

*5

o

25

o

o

o

0

1 I

o

6

o

6

3

7 3 o

8

o

o

o

o

o

o

6

o

o

*5	0	O
0	10	O
1	5 0	
0	7 ©	
0	5 0  Gum;	

C. 26,

AJD.*i8oS,

7*



48® GEO. III.

TABLE (B.)

Gum; viz.

—	.Arabic, the cwt.	-

Gum Senega, the cwt.

Handkerchiefs of Silk, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, each	-	-

Hemp, rough or undressed, or another vegetable Sub-ftance of the Nature and Quality of undressed Hemp, and applicable to the fame Purposes, the cwt. Hides, viz. Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox Hides, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, the Hide Jefuits* Bark. See Bark.

Indigo, the lb.	-

Mace, the lb.	-

Madder Root, the cwt.	-

Manna, the lb.	-

Melasses, the cwt.	-

Muflins, plain, for every j£ioo of the Value Nanquin Cloths, for every £ioo of the Value Nutmegs, the lb.	•

Oil, viz.

—	of Cinnamon, the oz.

—	— of Cloves, the oz.

-— of Mace, the oz.	...

■ - of Nutmegs, the oz.	•	-

Ox Hides. See Hides.

Pepper, the lb.	...

Prize Goods, viz. Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, taken and condemned as Prize, being of the Growth Produce, or Manufa&ure of any Country or place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and not particularly enumerated or charged with Duty in this Table, for every £100 of th$ Value thereof Quicksilver, the lb.

Raw Silk. See Silk.

Rhubarb, the lb.	-	-

Rice, the cwt.	.	-	-

Rum. Sec Spirits.

Safflower, the cwt.'

Saffron, the lb.

Saltpetre, the cwt.

Sena, the lb.

Senega Gum. See Gum.

Silk, viz.

----Handkerchiefs. See Handkerchiefs.

----Raw Silk, the lb.

—-WafteSilk, the lb.

Spirits, viz.	*

-------Arrack, Angle, the Gallon

Duty.

£.	/.	d.
0	10	0
0	10	0
0	1	6
0	*5	0
0	3	0
0	2	0
0	8	0
0	*5	0
0	0	6
0	5	0
25	0	0
*5	0	0
0	5	0
0	2	0
0	2	0
0	5	0
0	4	0
0	0	3

20	0	•
0	1	0
0	2	0
0	2	0
1	7	0
0	3	0
r	8	0
0	©	6
0	2	€
0	0	6
0	1	0

Spirits,

TABLE (C.)

Duty.

Spirits, continued.

•------Arrack, double, the Gallon

----— Brandy, single, the Gallon

double, the Gallon

. Rum, Tingle, the Gallon double, the Gallon of any other kind, single, the Gallon ----------------------double, the Gallon

Sugar, viz.

--------Brown	or	Mufcovado,	the cwt.

-------White or Clayed, the cwt.

Tea, viz.

— Black, the lb.

----Green, the lb.

Tobacco, the ib.

Wafte Silk. See Silk.

Wool, viz. Cotton Wool, the lb.

Yarn, viz. Cotton Yarn, the lb.

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, not particularly enumerated or deferibed in this Table, being prohibited to be worn, used, or consumed in Great Britain, for every j£ioo of the Value

AH Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufa&ure of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trad ing to the East Indies, not paiticularly enume rated or deferibed in this Table, and not having been imported by the said Company, for every j£iooof the Produce and Amount of those Duties of Cuftoms imposed by the 43d Geo. 3. cap. 68. on such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respective ly, when imported by the said Company, which are due and payable when the fame are taken out oi the Warehouse, for the Purpofe of being used or consumed in Great Britain

£.	j.	d.
O	2	0
0	0	8
O	1	4
O	0	8
O	1	4
0	0	8
0	X	4
O	10	0
O	H	0
O	X	0
0	2	0
O	0	
0	0	9
0	2	. 0
25	0	•

40

For the several Exemptions from the Duties charged in this Table, whether relating to Goods exported, or to Countries or Places to which Goods shall be exported, fee the A& to which this Table is annexed.

CAP. XXVII.

An.A£l to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, an AGt of the Forty-firlt Year of His prefeiit Majesty, for prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland, and for permitting the Importation into Ireland, Duty free, of Corn and other Provifions.

[28th March i8o8*3

11 So much of 41 G. 3, e. 36. as enables the Lord Lieutenant to “ prohibit the Exportation of Provisions, &c. (laft continued by

4	‘‘46

A.p. 180S.

C. 27,28.	48°	GEO. III.

“ 46 G. 3.*. 29. f 10.) further continued till Marti 25, 1808, ex. “ cept so far at relates to the Exportation of Corn, Grain, or Flour to Great Britain. § 1. A& may be altered or repealed this “ Seffion. § 2.”

uC.l.c.1*.

Ptrtks hnpoTcd according to Schedules (A)

Goods ex|*oct«a fenireUwL

CAP, XXVIII.

An A& for granting to His Majesty, until the End of the next Seffion of Parliament, certain Duties on the Exportation from Ireland of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated.	[i4^h	April	1808.3

4 Moft Gracious Sovereign,

4 TTT HERE AS certain Duties have been imposed in Great Britain,

*	VV by an A 61 of this Seffion of Parliament, intituled, An AS for ‘granting to H‘u Majesty until the End of the next Seffton of Parliament,

*	Duties of Cuftoms on the Goodsf Wares9 and Merchandise therein enu-

*	merated, in furtherance of the Provifions of certain Orders in Council\ 4 and it is therefore expedient that corresponding Duties should be 4 granted upon certain Goods exported from Ireland; We, Your

*	Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal Subje6ts, the Commons of the 4 United Kingdom in Parliament aisembled, do most humbly befeech

*	Your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con* sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the paffiug of this A6t, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, upon all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize enumerated or described in the Tables (A.) and (B.) annexed to this A61, exported from Ireland, the several Duties of Cuftoms, as the fame are refpe£fc» ively described and fet forth in. Figures in the said Tables.

*" Goods warehoused and taken out for Home Confumption, shall be ** liable to Duties on Exportation under this A&. $ z. [As $ 3 of 44 48 G. ?. *. 26.3 Veffels having failed from certain Ports, before “ Times limited by Orders of Council in Great Britain, may proceed M from Ireland with their Cargo without payment ot said Export 44 Duties. § 3. [&r aS G. 3. c. 26. § 4.3 Exemption for Goods (ex-44 cept Cotton Wool or Yam, or Jefuits’ Bark) imported under 44 Licence dated before N •v. 11, 1807, and cleared out before said 44 Periods and warehoused for Exportation. § 4. Like Exemption for 44 Goods imported from Free Ports in the West Indies under Licence ** before 1 Jane, 1808. § 5. Exemption for Goods imported from 44 St* Domingo under Licence dated prior to 5 Feb. 1808. Goods 44 imported under subsequent Licences liable to half Duties. § 6. Du-44 ties on Prize Goods. $ 7. [See § 5*6, 7, 8 of 48 G. 3. c. 26.3 ** Value of Goods paying Duty ad-fsorem shall be ascertained, &c. 44 as under 46 G. 3. c. 87. $ 8. Goods detained as under-valued, may “ be restored on the Entry being amended. $ 9. [As § 11 of 48 44 G. 3. c. 26.3 Importers may warehouse without Payment of Im-44 port Duty, any Goods which by Law might be so warehoused, 44 m cafes of regular Importation. $ 10. Goods may be destroyed at 44 Requeft of Owners. $ n. [As f 16 of 48 G. 3. r. 26.] Ware-44 housed Goods shall bs cleared within the Time required by Law; or

“ (hall

A.D.i8o8.

Cal.

.75

48° GEO. III.

“ shall be fold or re-exported, 8cc.§ 12..Exemption fromDutr forGoods * exported to Great Britain, and British Goods exported tnrough /rx-“ land. $ 13. £	$	18	0/48	G.	3. c. 26.] Exemption for Goods, the

M Produce of Countries in Amity. § 14. Exemption for Goods of u British Colonies. § 15. £x/r $ 19, 20 of 48 G. 3. *.26.3 Ex-“ emption for Wine, Spirits, and Tobacco for Army and Nary*

“ § 16. [^x $ 22 of 48 G. 3. r. 26.] Exemption for Goods ex-u ported to British Colonies (except Spirits). § 17.	[.At § 24 of

“48 G. 3. c. 26.]”

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall HU MiJjflj m be lawful for His Majesty at any Time by Order in Couneil, or for the Lonl lies-the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and tenant, Ste-the Privy Council of Ireland, to suspend the Operation of this A& fufp as to any Duties, or any Proportion or Part of any Duties granted by this A&, in respect of any Country for the Time being in Amity with His Majesty, and to allow the Exportation to any such Coun-try so iu Amity with His Majesty as aforesaid, of any Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize made subject by this AH to auy Duties on Exportation, without the Payment of such Duties, upon such Terms and Conditions, and subject to such Reitri&ions as to His Majesty may seem fit.

u This A& shall not prevent the King from prohibiting Export-“ ation. § 19. [As § 29 of 48 G. 3* c. 26.3 Duties under Ma-u nagement of Commifiioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, and “ carried to Confolidated Fund of Ireland. $ 20. Duties shall be M levied as other Duties of Cuftom. §11. Limitation of A&iono.

“ Three Months—General Iffue—Treble Cofts. $ 22. A& may be “ altered or repealed. $ 23. Continuance of Duties till the End of “ the next Seiiion of Parliament. $ 24.”

SCHEDULES to which this A& refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

DUTIES of CUSTOMS to be charged upon*the Exportation from Ireland of the Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandize heretn-aiter enumerated and deferibed, and which on Importation are or may by Law be allowed to be warehoused or secured without Payment of Duties \ (videlicet,}

Arabic Gum. See Gum.

Barilla, the c\yt.

Bark, viz. Jefuits’ Bark, or Cortex Peruvianus, the lb. Bowfprits. See Mads, in Wood.

Brandy. See Spirits.

Buffalo Hides. See Hides.

Bull Hides. See Hides.

Cochineal, the lb.	•

Cocoa Nuts, the cwt.	-	•	-

Duty.

d. X.	d

o 10 o o 6 •

7 •

o a

Coffee,

0

1

£.

Coffee, the cwt. -Cortex Peruvianus. See Bark.

Cotton Wool. See W00L Cotton Yarn. See Yam.

Cow Hides. See Hides.

Currants, the cwt.	-	•

Denia Raifina. See Raififts.

Faro Raifins. See Raifins.

Figs, the cwt.

Fir Timber. See Timber, in Wood.

Geneva. See Spirits.

Ginger, the cwt.	-	•

Gum, viz.

•----Arabic, the cwt.

—Senega, the cwt.

* Hemp, rough or undreffect, the cwt.

Hides, viz. Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox Hides, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dreffect, the Hide -Jalap, the lb.

Jefuits’ Bark. See Bark.

Indigo, the lb.	-	~	-

Iran, in Bars, the Ton, containing 20 cwt. •

Kelp, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

Lexia Raifins. See Raifins.

Lipari Raifins. See Raifins.

Mahogany. See Wood.

Manna, the lb.

Mails. See Wood.

Melasses, the cwt.	-	-

Oak Timber. See Timber, in Wood.

Oars. See Wood.

Oil, viz.

•—^-ordinary Oil of Olives, the Ton, containing 252 Gallons	-	-

— ■ Sallad Oil, the Gallon Oz Hides. See Hides.

Pimento, the lb.

Pitch, the Lafl, containing 12 Bamls, each Barrel not exceeding 315 Gallons Prize Goods, viz. Goods, Wares, and Merchandize taken and condemned as Prize, not being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufa&ure of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaff Indies, and not being particu larly enumerated or charged with Duty in this Table, for every j£ioo of the Value thereof Prohibited Goods, viz. Goods, Wares, and Merchan dize, not being of the Growth, Produce or Ma nufa&ure of any Country or Place within the Li;

j. dm

% o

9	®

7 °

7 •

10	o 10 o 15 o

3 1 o 6

2 O o o o o

o 6

J °

10

o

2 6

o nf

C 2

♦ 4

20

o o

nuts

	/•	d.
10	0	0
0	1	0
0	4	6
0	' 4	0
O	4	6
O	4	6
0	4	6
O	5	0
0	9	4
O	4	0
O	2	0
O	2	0
O	0	9
O	2	0
O	3	0
O	0	6
0	2	6
0	4	0
O	0	6
O	0	6
O	0	7i
O	1	3
O	0	7 4
O	t	3.
0	0	li
0	1	3,
O	0	74
O	1	3
0	10	0
O	14	0
O	7	0
0	4	4
O	0	i\
O	3	6
5	13	0
1	0	0

mits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for every £ioo of the Value thereof Quicksilver, the lb.	-	*

Raifins, viz.

■;	■ - ■ Bel vide re Railing, the cwt.

■ ■ ■ — ■ Denia Raifyis, the cwt.

-	- ■ ■ Faro Railing, the cwt.	•

——— ■ Lexia Raifins, the cwt.

—	— Lipari Raifins, the cwt.

-	- ■ Smyrna Raifins, the cwt.

—	' —	■ of the Sun, the cwt.

—	---— not otherwise enumerated or deferibed, the cwt.

Raw Silk. See Silk.

Rhubarb, the lb.

Rice, the cwt.

Rofin, the cwt.	•

Rum. See Spirits.

Salt, the Bulhel of 56 lbs.

Saffron, the lb.	-	*»

Sallad Oil. See Oil.

Sena, the lb.

Silk, viz.

—	Raw Silk, the lb.

-	Thrown Silk, the lb.

—Wafte Silk, the lb.

Smalts* the lb.	-	-

Smyrna Raifins. See Raifins.

Spirits, viz.

-------— Brandy, single, the Gallon

——-----------above Proof, the Gallon

■■	Geneva, single, the Gallon -

-	 above	Proof,	the	Gallon

-------Rum, single, the Gallon

........ ■ above Proof, the Gallon

■ -■ of any other Kind, single, the Gallon

-------------above	Proof,	the	Gallon	-

Sugar, viz.

- Brown or Mufcovado, the cwt.

—White or Clayed, the cwt.

Tallow, the cwt.

Tar, the Laft, containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31$ Gallons Timber. See Wood.

Tobacco, the lb.

Turpentine, common, the cwt.

Wafte Silk. See Silk.

Wine, of all Sorts, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons Wood, viz.

—- Mahogany, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

Wood,

7a



48° geo. nr.

A«D«i8otL

£. 1.

d.

Wood, continued.

—— Malts, Yards, and Bowfprits, viz.

-	......«■■■ ■ Six Inches in Diameter, and under Eight

Inches, the Piece

■■ ■ ■	Eight	Inches	in	Diameter,	and	under

Twelve Inches, the Piece

■	1 ■	Twelve	Inches in Diameter or upwards,

the Load of 50 cubic Feet

-	Oars,	the	120

■	Timber	of	all Sorts, the Load of 50

Cubic Feet

Wool, viz. Cotton Wool of all Sorts, the lb.

Yards. See Mails, in Wood.

Yarn, viz. Cotton Yam, the lb.

All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which are or may by Law be allowed to be warehoused or secured without Payment of the Duty on the first Entry thereof, for every £100 of the Produce and Amount of the Duties chargeable by Law on the Importation thereof into Ireland

O

0

1

2

1

o

o

40

S o 10 a

7 o

o q

7 o

o 9

2 o

o o

For the several Exemptions from the Duties charged in this Table, whether relating to Goods exported, or to Countries or Places to which Goods shall be exported, fee the A& to which this Table is annexed.

SCHEDULE (B.)

DUTIES of CUSTOMS to be charged on the Exportation from Ireland of the Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandize herein-aftcr enumerated or deferibed, which oti Im-

portation are not allowed to be warehoused or secured, without Payment of Duty > {videlicet,)

Duty.

Anchors, for every j£ioo of the value Annotto, the cwt.

Argol, the cwt.

Alhes, viz Pot and Pearl Alhes, the cwt.

Bark, viz. the cwt.

----Oak Bark, having been imported from America

— ■------------from any other Place

Barley. See Com.

Beans. See Corn.

Beef, salted, the cwt.

Beer or Bigg. See Com.

Bread or Biicuit, the cwt.

Butter, the cwt.	-	-

£.	1.	d.
58	18	IQ
4	1	a
0	6	7
0	H	9
0	7	11
0	6	11
0	14	6
0	5	0
1	0	0

Cables,

Cables, the cwt.	.

Caffia Lirnea, the lb.	-

Cheefe, the cwt.	-

Cochineal Duft, the lb.

Copper, the cwt. viz.

-----Copper Bricks, Rofe Copper, and Cad Copper

■-------------in Plates	-

Cordage, the cwt.	-	•

Corn, viz.

-----Wheat, the Barrel

«—> Rye, the Barrel	'	-

-----Pease, the Barrel

—	---Beans, the Barrel

-----Bailey, the Barrel	7

-----Beer or Bigg, the Barrel

—— Oats, the Barrel —- Indian Corn or Maize, the Barrel —- Wheat-meal and Flour, the cwt.

-----Oatmeal, the cwt.

Fifh, viz.

-----Stock Fifli, the 120

-----not otherwise enumerated or described, the cwt.

Flax, viz.

-----rough or undrefied, the cwt.

—	Seed, or Linfeed. See Seed.

Galls, the cwt.	-	-	.

Granilla, the lb.

Indian Corn or Maize. See Corn.

Iron, viz.

—	Pig Iron, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

Iiinglass, the cwt.	-

Lemons, the 1000	*

Linfeed. See Seed.

Madder, viz.	-	-

-----Mull, the cwt.	-

*	— Root, the cwt.	-

—	-of any other Sort, the cwt.

Oak Bark. See Bark.

Oakum, the cwt.

Oatmeal. See Corn.

Oats. See Corn.

Oil, viz. Seed Oil of all Sorts, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons Oranges, the 1000 Peafe. See Corn.

Pig Iron. See Iron.

Pork, the cwt.

Prize Goods, viz. Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, taken and condemned! as Prize, not being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Country

£.		d.
I	*3	3
O	7	6
0	*7	7
O	5	0
2	1	5
2	8	5
I	>4	3
O	6	0
O	3	0
O	3	0
O	3	0
, O	3	0
O	3	0
O	3	0
O	3	0
0	5	0
O	4	0
O	5	7
O	4	0
O	*J	4
I	3	4
O	7	6
z	*9	6
5	10	10
1	6	1
0	2	5
0	18	5
0	12	0
0	5	6
17	5	2
1	9	zz
0	*7	0

pw/&

48. G. if. c. 33, 84 far Great Britain.]

Jpfuits Bari: and Cotton Wool Anil nor be exported from Ireland, except to Great Britaiu, &c.

Lord Lieutenant

may authorize the Exportation to State* iu Amity.

SCHEDULE {B.)

or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Ealt Indies, and not being particularly enumerated or charged with Duty in this Table, for every £100 of the Value * Safflower, the lb.

Saltpetre, theewt.	-

Seed, viz. Linfeed, or Flax Seed, the fiufhel

Spanifli Wool. See Wool.

Tow, theewt.	-

Vaionia, the cwt.	-	-

Verdigris, viz.

-	common, the lb.

—'	crystallized, the lb.

Wheat. See Corn.

Wheat-meal and Flour. See Corn.

Wool, via. Spanifli Wool, the cwt.

Yarn, viz. Raw Linen Yarn made of Flax, the cwt.

Duty.

£.	/•	d.
20	0	0
1	7	11
1	8	1
0	1	10
0	7	7
O	10	6
0	0	11
0	2	*
		
s	6	4
I	7	5

For the several Exemptions from the Duties charged in this Table ; whether relating to Goods exported, or to Countries or Places to which Goods shall be exported, fee the Aft to which this Table is annexed.

CAP. XXIX.

An Aft to prohibit, until the End of the next Seflion of Parliament, the Exportation of Jefuits Bark and Cotton Wool from Ireland.	[14th April	i8c8.J

•	'ITT HERE AS it is expedient to prohibit for a limited Time the

•	VV Exportation of Jefuits Bark and Cotton Wool from Ire*

•	land except in the Manner herein-after mentioned be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent MajeAy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament a Hem bled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this Aft, no Perfon or Perfons whatever shall, directly or indireftlv, export, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any Port or Place in Ireland, or shall lade or lay on board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on board in any Ship or other Veffel or Boat, any Jefuits Bark or Cotton Wool in order to be carried, exported, or conveyed out of any such Port or Place, except to Great Britain, and also except as herein-after is provided.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, with the Advice of the Privy Council of Ireland, by any Licence under his Hand, to authorize any Perfon to export from Ireland for his or their own Account, or for Account of any Subjeft or Subjefts of any State in Amity with His Majessy,

any

1

A.D.i8o8.

8i

48° GEO. lit	C. 2p) 30.

any Jefuits Bark or Cotton Wool, under such Regulations, Reftric-tions, and Securities, as may be specified in the said Licence.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Exportation of

in this A& contained ihall extend to prohibit the Exportation in any Jefuits Bark Ship or Veffel of War, belonging to His Majesty, or in any Tranf-	dw

port Veffel in the Service, of any Jefuits Bark lor the Ufe of His

Majefty’8 Army or Navy, under such Rules, Regulations, and Reftric- * tions, as the Commifiioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland, or any Four or more of them, may direct.

IV.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be law- and for the Ufe ful for the said Commiilioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, or any of Crew* of Four or more of them, by Licence under their Hands, to permit Ships.

the Exportation of Jefuits Bark for the use of the Crew or other Perfons on board of any Ship or Veffel on which the fame shall be laden, in such Quantities (not exceeding One Pound Weight for every Five Men of the Crew or other Perfons on board any such Ship or Veffel), and under such Regulations as the said Com-miffioner of Cuftoms shall prescribe, any Thing in this A & to the contrary notwithstanding.

V.	And be it further enacted, That all Jefuits Bark and Cot- Jefuits Berk end

ton Wool which ihall be exported, carried, or conveyed in or laid Cotton Wool on board any Ship or other Veffel or Boat, in order to be exported,	tQ	tlli#

carried, or conveyed out of Ireland, contrary to this A&, ihall be ^ fl2u forfeited, and that every Offender therein ihall forfeit also the forfeited,

fum of Forty Shillings for every Pound Weight of such Jefuits Bark together with or Cotton Wool which ihall be so exported, carried, or conveyed, 40#-j*;r 1 or so laden in or laid on board any Ship or other Veffel or Boat, in € order to be exported, carried, or conveyed out of Ireland; and also the Ship, Veffel,' or Boat, wherein the fame ihall be exported, or in or upon which the fame ihall be laden or laid in order to be exported, together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, ihall be forfeited, and the fame respectively may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms.

“ Penalties ihall be recovered and applied as other Penalties against “ Cuftom Laws in Ireland. § 6. A&ions against Perfons refilling <c to clear out Veffels, with Bark intended to be exported before €€ palling this A&, declared void, &c. § 7. A& may be altered ** this Seffion. § 8. Continuance of A& till end of next Scffion.

“§9-”

CAP. XXX.

An A& to amend an A& made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade of Ireland to and from the East Indies.

[14th April 1808.]

*	YT7*HEREAS by an A& made in the Thirty-third Year of Irifc A€if

* VV His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An A3 for regu- 33 G. 3. c. 31.

* fating the Trade of Ireland to and from the East Indies, under 5 13*

* certain Conditions and Provisions, for a Time therein mentioned, it

*	is among other things enacted, that no Goods, Wares, or Merchan-

*	dizes of the Growth, Produ&, or Manufa&ure of the Countries 4 or Ports within the Limits of the excluiive Trade of the United

48	Geo. III.	G	*	Company

Sa

C*

48° GEO. III.

A.D.i8oi«

Ships arriving in Ireland from the fall Indies in pursuance of any Order in Couneil, shall proceed to London without being liable to Forfeiture on account of having come to Ireland.

VeflTels arming with Fail India Goods, not exceeding One-Iourth of the Cargo may Unlade the Kemainder, and transfliip the East India Goods 10 London.

*	Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indus»

*	(Hall be permitted or allowed to be carried to or imported into or

*	landed in Ireland, but such only as shall be laden and shipped at the

*	Port of London in British or Irijb Ships: And whereas it may

*	happen that Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Growth, Pro*-‘ du&, or Manufacture of the Countries and Places aforeiaid, may

*	arrive at some Port or Place in Ireland, in pursuance or in confe* 4 quence of certain Orders in Council relative to Trade and Navi-‘ gation; and it is expedient that Provifion ftioufd be made respecting 4 the fame be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the JLords Spin*-' tual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That in cafe the Whole or any Part of the Cargo of any VefTel which shall arrive in any Port of Ireland, in pursuance or in consequence of any Order of His Majesty in Couneil, or of any Older by the .Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and the Privy Council of Ireland, shall consist of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever, of the Growth, Produ&, or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies , such VefTel shall forthwith be permitted to proceed and shall proceed to the Port of London, and the said Ship or VeiTel, and the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be there dealt with according to Law; and such Ship or VefTel, or the Goods, Tackle or Furniture of the fame, or any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize * laden therein, shall not be fubjedfc or liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture under the said recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, on account of having come into such Port contrary to any of the Provifions in the laid recited A& contained; any Thing in the said recited A 61 to the contrary no t with (landing.

II.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That if it shall appear to the Satisfa&ion of the Colle&or, Comptroller, or other proper Officer of any Port in Ireland, by the Report of any VefTel which shall arrive at luch Port with any Cargo, rart whereof shall consist of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the Growth, Produdfc, or Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, that luch Goods, Wares, and Merchandize do not exceea in Value, One-fourth Part of the whole Value of the Cargo of such VefTel, then and in such Cafe it shall be lawful for the Owner, Confignee, or Captain of such Veflel, after giving such Security as shall be directed by the Commifiioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland or any Four of them, for the due Conveyance of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize as aforesaid to the Port of London, to land the Cargo of such VefTel, at the Port of her Arrival, except such Goods, Wares, and Merchant dize of the Growth, Produ6t, or Manufadture aforesaid, and either to cause such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize to be conveyed in the fame Ship to the Port of London, or to cause the fame to be transfhipped in order to be conveyed to the said Port, upon the said Security and under such Regulations and Reftridtions for securing the conveying the fame to, the said Port as shall be directed by the laid Comraiffionera of Cuftoma and Fort Duties; any Thing in the

Jaid

*3

A.D.i8o8.	48°	GEO. lit.	fc.30, 31*

fad recited Aft of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majefty’s Reign to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further enacted, That Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Growth, Produst, or Matiufafture of the Countries or Ports within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the said Company, which shall have been imported into Ireland from Great Britain according to Law, shall and may be exported from Ireland to any Port or Place whatsoever, without the Payment of any Duty on the Exportation thereof; any Thing in any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland at the Time of such Exportation to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP, XXXI,

An Aft to extend the Provifions of an Aft, made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign for preventing the counterfeiting of certain Silver Tokens, to certain other Tokens, which may be ifiued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and to promote the Circulation of the (aid lad mentioned Tokens.	[14th	April 1808.]

1 XT THE REAS bv an Aft, made in the Forty-fifth Year of Hi*

*	W present Majefty's Reign, intituled, An A8 to extend the Pro-

*	vifionj of an A8 made in the la/l SeJJion of Parliament, for preventing 1 toe counterfeiting of certain Silver Cointjfuedby the Banks of England 1 and Ireland refbcBively, to Silver Pieces which may be issued by the 1 Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland called Tokens, and to

*	promote the Circulation of the said Tokens, certain pains of Felony,

*	and other Pains and Penalties, were imposed on any Perfon or Per-

*	fons who should make, coin, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to

*	be made, coined, or counterfeited, dr aft or assist in the making,

*	coining, or counterfeiting the Tokens in the said Afts mentioned, 1 or who should bring into Ireland or into any Part of the United

*	Kingdom, or should pass, or utter, or tender in Payment, or give

*	in Exchange, or pay or put off any such counterfeit Token or

*	Tokens, or (ho aid have in his, her, or their Cuftody, without

*	lawful Excuse, any greater Number than Five of such false or

*	counterfeit Tokens s And whereas the Governor and Company of

*	the Bank of Ireland are preparing and intend to issue in Ireland,

*	for the Convenience of the Publick, a Quantity of Silver Pieces

*	denominated Tokens, of the common Standard of Spanifh Pillar 4 Doliars, containing on the obverse Side thereof an Impreffion of 1 His Majefty’s Head, and the following Words and Figures, “ Georgius III. Dei Gratia Rex 1808 5” and on the reverse Side 1 thereof an Impreflion representing Hibernia, with the Words or 4 Figures “ Bank Token, XXX Pence Irtjb” each such Token containing in Weight Six thirteenth Parts of the Common Weight •of a Spanifh Pillar Doliar: And whereas Tokens for Ten-pence

•	and Five-pence have been ifiued by the “ Governor and Company

•	of the said Bank of Ireland conformably to the Defcriptions in •the said recited Aft with the Variation only of the Figures 11806 instead of 1805 :9 Be it enaftcd by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spi-ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

G 2	afiem-

Eoft India Good* duly imported into Ireland from Great Britain, may be exported without Duty oo Exportation

45 G. 9. c. 4t j

A.D.i8o8<

84

Prrfon* counterfeiting certain Silver Tokens issued by the Bank of Ireland, or hnporting, or* uttering, or haring in their Poffelfion, such counterfeit Tokens, shall be fuhjeft to the Pains of Felony, and puni(ked in Manner direAtd by recited AA, 45 G. 3.c. 43.

Powers of (aid AA, 45 G. 3. c.42. extended to this A€t for apprehending and punching Offenders, &c.

Silver Thirty-penny Tokens to be taken in Payment of the Revenue.

C.31.	48*	geo.	in.

assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the pafling of this Ad if any Perfon or Perfons shall make, coin, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be made, coined, or counterfeited, or willingly aid or assist in the making, coining, or counterfeiting, any Piece of Metal resembling, or made with Intent to resemble or look like the said Tokens for Thirty-pence Iri/b, so as aforesaid intended to be issued by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or the said Tokens for Ten-pence and Five-pence with the Figures 1806, or to pass as such, or to resemble or look like any of the said Tokens, or to pass as such; or if any Perfon or Per* fons shall bring into Ireland\ or into any Part of the United King* dom, any fuen false or counterfeit Tokens, knowing the feme to oe false or counterfeited, to the Intent to utter the fame, within the said United Kingdom, or within any Dominions of the fame, or if any Perfon or Perfons shall utter or tender in Payment, or give in exchange, or pay or put off to any Perfon or Perfons any such false or counterfeited Token or Tokens knowing the fame to be false or counterfeited ; or if any Perfon or Perfons shall have in his, her, or their Cuftody or Pofsession, without lawful Excuse, (the Proof whereof shall lie on the Party accused,) any greater Number than Five of any such false or counterfeited Tokens ; then and in any or either of the said Cafes respectively, every such Perfon shall be subject and liable to such and the like Pains of Felony, and other Pains and Punifhments respectively, and to such and the like Penalties and Forfeitures respectively, and shall be punished, proceeded against, and dealt with in such and the like manner respectively, as is mentioned and directed in and by the said recited Ad of the Forty-fifth Year of His Maiefty’s Reign, as to Perfons convicted of the like Offence re-fpedively under the said recited A61 in regard to the Tokens in the iaid recited Ad mentioned, and as if the said Tokens for Thirty-pence in this Ad mentioned, and the said Tokens for Ten-pence and Five-pence with the Figures 1806 thereon refpe6Uvely, had been mentioned and particularized in the said recited Ad.

II.	And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Regulations, and Diredtions, Clauses, Matters, and Things in the said recited Ad of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign mentioned and contained, or referred to with respect to the making, coining, counterfeiting, bringing in, uttering, tendering, giving in Exchange, paying, putting off, or possessing any counterfeit Token as in the said Adi is mentioned, shall and may be applied in the apprehending, securing, proceeding against, and punifh-mg of Offenders under this Adi, ana in the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures for Offences against this Ad, and in the carrying this Adi into Execution, and in relation to the said Tokens for Thirty-pence and the said Tokens for Ten-pence and Five-pence with the Figures 1806 thereon, in all refpedis whatsoever, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers, Provisions, Regulations, and Diredlions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were repeated and re-enadled in this Ad.

III.	And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which now are or shall become payable in Ireland for any Part of tne Pub-lick Revenue there, shall be accepted by the Colledors, Receivers, and other Officers of the Revenue authorized to receive the fame, in the iaid Silver Tokens for Thirty-pence each, which shall be

7	iffued

AD.i8o8

48° GEO. III.	0.31,32.

iffoed during the Continuance of the Reftri&ion on Payments in Cafh by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, if offered so to be paid 5 and that the said Governor and Company may, whenever the said Reftri&ion shall be removed, charge to the Account of the Teller of the Exchequer all such of the said Tokens of Thirty-pence each, ifTued during the Continuance of the said Reftric-don, as may be received by the said Governor and Company in Payment or otherwise before or after such Removal.

“ Aft may be altered or repealed this Sei&on. § 4.”

CAP. XXXII.

An A£fc to permit certain Goods imported into Ireland to be warehoused or fecurtd, without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid.	CM1!* -April 1808.]

4TT THE REAS it would greatly tend to the Encouragement of 4 W the Trade and Commerce of Ireland, and to the Accommo-4 dation of Merchants and others, if certain Goods, Wares, and Mer-4 chandize were permitted to be entered and landed and properly fe-4 cured in the Port of Dublin, and in certain other Ports in Ireland,

4 without Payment, at the Time of the First Entry of such Goods,

4 Wares and Merchandize, of the Duties due on the Importation 4 thereof, under such Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions as 4 are hereinafter provided; may it therefore please Your Majesty that 4 it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aJTembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this A& it shall be lawful (/or the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Confignee or Confignees of any of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize enumerated and described in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (AJ and which shall be legally imported and brought into the Port of Dublin, or into any Port in Ireland into which Tobacco may by Law be imported, to lodge and secure the fame in His Majesty *s Warehouses, or in any Ware-houfe or Warehoufes situated in the said Port of Dublin, or in any such Port as aforesaid, under the joint Locks of the Crown and the Merchants, without Payment, at the Time of the First Entry of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Duties due on the Importation thereof; subject nevertheless to the Rules, Regulations and Reftri&ions directed by this A&: Provided always, that the Commiftioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland, or any Four or more of them, shall first certify under their Hands to the Lord High Treasurer or Commilfioners of the Treasury of Ireland, for the Time being, the Number and Situation of such Warehouses, and that in their Judgment they are in every respect fit and proper for the Reception of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, wherein the fame may be safely and securely deposited.

II.	4 And whereas from the Bulk of certain Articles, or from 4 other Circumstances, such Articles cannot be conveniently lodged 4 and secured in Warehoufes be it therefore enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Confignee or Confignees of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize enumerated or described in the Table hereunto annexed,

G 3	marked



Goods in Schedule (A.) may be imported into Dublin, or any Tobacco Port in Ireland, and warehoused without Payment of Duty.

Bulky Good* fpecifiedln Table (B.) may be Undcd and Duties secured on Bond.

A«D» i8o3.

$£	C.3S.	48»	GEO.	ni.

IrHh Treasury may extend Provifions of this A ft to Goods not enumerated.

Importers Audi give Bond to pay duties, or export the Goods within 12 Months, &e.

Laws of Importation and Export-

ation Jl.all not be affected by this Adi.

Goods secured under this Adi Iball be regularly entered and landed*

marked (B.) which Ihall be legally imported or brought into the laid Port of Dublin, or into any Port in Ireland into which Tobacco may by Law be imported, to land any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, without Payment, at the Time of the First Entry thereof, of the Duties due on the Importation thereof 5 and such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize may be lodged or secured at or in such Places, and under such Rules, Regulations, and Reftriftions, as the said Commiflioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, or any Four or more of them, shall from Time to Time order, approve, and direft.

. III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of Ireland for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, ihall deem it expedient that the Provifions of this Aft shall be extended to any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize not enumerated or de-feribed in either of the Tables to this Aft annexed, and shall cause a Lift of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize to be published in The Dublin Gavotte* then and from thenceforth all and every the Provisions, Regulations, and Reftriftions of this Aft shall extend or be con-ftrued to extend to such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize in every respect, in as full and ample a Manner as if the fame had been infertea and enumerated in the said Tables respectively at the Time of the paf-fing of this Aft.

IV.	Provided always, and he it enacted, that every Importer, Proprietor, or Confignee of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize which may be landed under this Aft at the Port of Dublin, or any other Port in Ireland, without Payment of Duty at the Time of the First Entry thereof, shall enter into Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and fucceflon, in double the Amount of the full Duties due and payable on the Importation of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, with Condition that such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be either duly exported within the Time or Times preferibed by Law, or that the full Duties due and payable on such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be duly paid within the Space of Twelve Months from the Date of the First Entry of such Goods, or within the Time now required by Law as to such Goods as may be warehoused in Ire-landhy any Aft or Afts in force at the Time of palling of this Aft ; and the said Bond shall be so entered iisto within Forty-eight Hours after the Port Surve yor and Land Waiter or other proper Officer Ihall have afeertained the Quantity and Quality of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so 10 be bonded.

V.	Provided alio, and be it further enacted, that nothing in this Aft contained shall extend or be construed to extend to permit or allow any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever to be imported into or exported from Ireland, or to be entered or landed in any Way or Manner contrary to any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force in Ireland on or immediately before the palling of this Aft.

VI.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That before any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize Ihall be lodged in Warehouses, or otherwise secured according to the Direftions of this Aft, the fame Ihall be entered with the proper Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms, either by a bonded Entry or by a Bill of View, and landed according to Law \ and the proper Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms Ihall on

48° GEO. HI.	C32.	87

fach Landing, or as soon after as conveniently may be, examine the (ame, and take a particular and correct Account of the Quantity, Qua* lity, Species, Number, and Contents thereof, which Account shall be regularly entered in a Book or Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose, and the Contents shall also be marked by or under the Direction and Infpe&ion of the said Officer or Officers in distinct and legible Chambers on each and every Package, in ail Cafes where the dune shall be practicable, in such Manner as the Commissioners of the Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland shall from Time to Time think proper to direct; and no Allowance either for Damage or on any other Account whatever shall be made on any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, unless the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Confignee or Confignees, at the Time such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize are first. examined as aforesaid, shall claim or demand the Allowance to which by Law they may be entitled.

VII. And be it further enacted. That no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize which shall have been lodged in any Warehoufe or Warehouses, or otherwise secured according to the Directions of this A6t, shall be delivered from or taken out of any such Warehoufe or Place, but upon the following Conditions; (that is to fay) if any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be intended to be delivered or taken from thence refpeCtively for Exportation, either to Great Britain or to Foreign Parts, the Proprietor or Proprietors, or Exporter or Exporters, of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize may so lake the fame for Exportation, without Payment of the Duty due on the Importation of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize refpeCtively; Provided such Proprietor or Proprietors, or Exporter or Exporters, shall, before any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize are so delivered or taken for Exportation, make a due Entry thereof with the proper Officer or Officers of Cuftoms, and shall also pay and satisfy all Export Duties which may be payable on such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize as are intended to be exported to Foreign Parts, and shall, together with the Mafter or other Perfon having or taking Charge of the Ship or Veflel in which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize are intended to be exported, and One other fuffi-cient Security to be approved of by the Collector or other Chief Officer at the Port of Exportation, enter into Bond for the due Exportation thereof, in like Manner as is required by Law with respect to Goods, Wares, and Merchandize exported from Ireland to Great Britain% or to Foreign Parts refpeCtively, on which any Drawback is due and payable, and which Bond shall be discharged and cancelled in the fame Manner and under the fame Conditions, Regulations, and ReftriCtions refpeCtively as Bonds given on the Exportation to Great Britain or to Foreign Parts refpeCtively of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize on which any such Drawback is payable, may by Law be difcliarged and cancelied: And if any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so warehoused or otherwise secured as aforesaid, shall he intended to be taken from the Warehoufe or Place wherein the fame may have been so lodged or secured, to be used and consumed in Ireland, the Perfon or rerfons so intending to take out the fame shall first pay down in ready Money, to the Colle&or or other proper Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms, the full Duties due and payable Importation of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize re* into Ireland at the Time the fame flxall be so taken out or G4 '	taken

upon tne

foe&ively

Account shall bt taken at landing,

and theContenU marked on tha

Packages.

Goods secured under this Aft may be delivered for Exportation without Payment of Duty; on Bond to export the fame in due Manner.

Duties payable on such Goods when delivered out for Home Confumption.

A.D.i8o8

C.34.	48°	GEO.	III.

Duty shall be paid for Deficienciet.

Goods secured under this A&, if embezzled, concealed, or removed, shall be forfeited as if unlawfully landed.

taken away for the Puipofe of being so used or con fumed, according to the Account taken thereof at the First Examination of the Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms, without any Deduction or Abatement whatever on Account of any Deficiency arising from Wafte or from any other Caufe of what Nature soever the lame may be, except as ’ s by this or any other Aft specially provided: Provided always, that when by reason of any Effeft produced by Weather or in consequence of the Time during which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize may have been so warehoused or secured, the fame shall not correspond in Weight or Quantity with the First Account taken as aforesaid, but shall have increased in Weight or Quantity, such Increafe shall not subject the fame to any Forfeiture, but the full Duties of Cuftoms payable on such Excefs of Weight beyond such First Account shall be charged and paid, together with the other Duties according to such First Account so taken as aforesaid.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That if at any Time the Quantity of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize warehoused or secured under this Aft, which Shall have been duly delivered for Home Consumption, added to the Quantity of Such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively which shall have been duly exported, and also to the Quantity remaining so warehoused or secured (if any so remain) Shall fall (hort or be deficient of the actual Quantity ascertained and taken account of at the Time of the Importation or First Entry or Landing thereof, then and in such Cafe the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively shall be liibjeft and liable to the Whole of the Duties for or in respect of the Quantity so deficient as aforesaid, and shall pay and Satisfy the fame before the Bond given or entered into on the warehoufing or Securing of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be delivered up or cancelied, and before any of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so warehoused or secured then remaining shall be permitted to be taken out either for Exportation or for Home Confumption; and all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so remaining shall be subject to the Duties so deficient, and shall and may be fold for Payment of the fame and of Warehoufe Rent and other Charges upon the Expiration of the Time conditioned for exporting the fame or paying the Duties thereon.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, warehoused or otherwise secured under the Authority of this Aft, shall be embezzled or fraudulently or clandestinely hid or concealed in, or fraudulently or clandestinely removed from or out of any Warehoufe or Place wherein the fame shall have been so lodged or secured, all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so embezzled or fraudulently or clandestinely hid or concealed or removed, together wifth the Packages containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be Seized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms or Ex-cife; and the Perfon or Perfons so embezzling, hiding, concealing, or removing the fame, or aiding or assisting therein, or to whole Hands or Poffeffion the fame shall come, knowing the fame to have been so embezzled or fraudulently or clandestinely hid or concealed or removed, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punilhments, as if such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize had been fraudulently unihipped or landed without Payment of Duty, and also to forfeit a Sum equal in Amount to

treble

*9

AJ). i8o8.	48*	GEO. III.	C.31.

treble the Duty payable on such Goods, Wares, and Merchan-

dize.

X* And be it further enabled, That all Goods, Wares, or Merchandize secured in Warehoufes and Places under the Authority of this Aft, shall be (towed away, placed, and deposited in the said Warehoufes and Places in such Manner as that easy and convenient Accefs may be had to every Cask, Cafe, Bag, Box, or other Package, for the Purpofe of examining and taking a true Account of the Contents thereof 5 and if the Owner or Proprietor or Perfon who shall have entered any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or who shall have the Care of the Merchant’s Lock, being one of the joint Locks under which the fame are warehoused, or any Warehoufe-keeper or Agent of such Owner, Proprietor, or other Perfon, shall omit, neglefse, or refuse so to stow away, place, and deposit the. fame or cause the fame to be so (lowed away, placed, or deposited, as hereby directed, at his or their own Charge and Expence, he or they shall, for every such Omission, Negledl, or Refulal as aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, warehoused or otherwise secured in pursuance of this Ad, shall be destroyed or damaged by Fire, it shall not be lawful for the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Confignee or Confignees of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or for any other Perfon orPerfons whatever, to claim or demand, or to maintain any A&ion or Suit, on any Account whatever, against His Majesty, or the Commifiioners of His Majeily’s Cuftoms and Port Duties, or the Commi(fioner8 of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland,\ or any Officer of the Cuftoms of Excife, or other Perfon employed by the said Commissioners respectively, for any Compenfation for or on account or by reason of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize having been destroyed by Fire as aforesaid; and no Duty of Cuftoms or Excife whatever shall be demanded or paid for any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so destroyed as aforesaid: Provided always, that no such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so destroyed by Fire in any Store or Warehoufe not provided or erected at the Charge of the Crown, nor the Proprietor or Confignee thereof, shall be exempt from the Payment of the Duties thereon, unless every Fireplace or Stove in the Warehoufes or Buildings in which the fame shall be deposited shall be bricked up or destroyed, and such Warehoufes and Buildings shall in all other respects be rendered secure from Fire to the Satisfa&ion of the Colle&or and Comptroller of the Cuftom9 or Port Surveyor, or the Storekeeper or his Deputy at the Port where such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be so warehoused or secured, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and that in cafe any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so warehoused by virtue of this Ad shall be damaged by Fire, or if warehoused in any Store provided at the Charge of the Crown, shall be damaged by Wet or any Cafualty, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Four of them, with the Approbation of the I^ord High Treasurer, or the Commifiioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer in Ireland, to make Abatement in the Duties chaigeabie thereon, proportioned to the Diminution of the Value of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize arising from such Damage: Provided always, that in all Qafes wherein any Goods, Wares, or

Mer-

A11 warehoused Goods shall be stored so as to afford Accels to the Fadogea.

Prwifion aa to warehoused Goods destroyed by Fire.

A.D. i8o3

po

Warthooft Rent flu!) he paid by Reporter, &c»

Goods (ball be taken out of Warehouse in their original r»ckagel

Wine,

Repacking Coffee and Cocoa Nuts for Exportation.

Delivery of Goods imported In Bulk.

On ihippmg tmrehoufed Goods for Exportation, a Certificate shall be granted In difrharge of Importer's Account*

C.32.	48°	GEO.	ni.

Merchandize are by this A£t permitted to be lodged in Warehoufes* or otherwise secured, the Expence of Warehoufe Rent, and all other Charges, shall be paid by the Importer, Proprietor, or Confignee of any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize; and in cafe it mall be deemed expedient that any Warehoufe or Warehoufes should be provided or erected at the Charge of the Crown for the Purpofe of fe-curing therein any of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize enumerated or deferibed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (A.), the Importer, Proprietor, or Cor*fig 11 ee of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall pay, to the IVrfons who may be appointed by the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Cuitoms and Port Duties in Ireland, to receive the fame, Warehoufe Rent for such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to be eilimated according to the usual Rate of such Rent for the like Articles paid at the Port of Importation, and such Etti-xnate shall be made, and the Rate of Payment fixed accordingly by the said Commissioners of Cufloms and Port Duties in Ireland, with the Confent and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majefly’s Treasury of Ireland for the Time being, or any Three or more of them.

XII.	And be it further enabled. That no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be delivered out of or taken from any Warehoufe or Place in which the fame shall have been lodged or secured by virtue or in pursuance of this A&, other than in the Packages in which tl\e fame shall have been originally or respectively imported, or in one entire Quantity equal thereto and contained in a similar Package, nor shall any Wine, Brandy, Rum, Geneva, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae be so taken out for Exportation in any less Quantity than One entire Cask, or in such sized Calks in which such Wine or Spirits may be legally impoi ted or exported: Provided always, that no Alteration of any Veffels or Packages shall take place in any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize warehoused or secured under this ACt without the Approbation of the Commissioners of Cuiloms and Port Duties, or any Four of them: Provided always, that it shall be lawful under the In-fpeCtion of the proper Officer of Cuftoo^s to repack for Exportation only Coffee or Cocoa Nuts in any other Sort of Package than that in which the fame was originally imported, provided the Quantity contained in such Re-package be not less than Four hundred Weight.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Duties on which shall have been secured by Bond, and which shall have been imported in Bulk, shall be delivered, except in the whole Quantity for which such Bond shall have been given, or a Quantity not less than One Ton Weight, unless by Special Leave of the Commissioners of His Majeity’9 Cufloms and Port Duties in Ireland, or any Four or more of them, such Leave to be had and obtained previous to such Delivery.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That on the (hipping for Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize which shall have been warehoused or otherwise lodged or secured according to the Directions of this A&, the Officer of the Cuitoms who shall have attended the Shipment thereof shall after due Examination thereof give without Fee or Reward to the Exporter of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or his Agent, a full and correct Certificate, which shall be first examined and countersigned by the Port Surveyor, Specifying

the

A.D* i8o8«

48° geo. in;

C s%%

9f

the Quantity, Quality, and Species of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so (nipped 3 which Certificate shall afterwards be delivered to such Officer or other Person as the said Commissioners of the Cuftom8 and Port Duties in Ireland shall think proper to direct, in order that the fame may be entered in a Book or Books to be provided for the ]*urpofe of keeping such Accounts, as the said Com* roiffioners may tnink necefiary anl proper, with the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, vonfignee or Confignees of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize warehoufea or otherwise secured according to the Directions of this Ad, which Certificate, so far as the fame will apply, shall go in discharge of the Bond given by any such Importer, Proprietor, or Confignee respectively, for the Payment of the Duties of Cuftoms on such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize.

XV.	And be it further enacted. That the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Confignee or Confignees of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize which shall have been lodged in any Warehoufe or Wareboufes to be provided according to the Dire&ions of this Ad, or which shall have been otherwise secured in Manner directed by this Ad, shall within Fifteen Calendar Months to be computed from the Day on which such Importers, Proprietors, or Confignees of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall have made their First Entry thereof, or in respect to any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whicn may be warehoused on Importation, witho.ut Payment of Duty by any Law or Laws now in force, within such Time as is now required by Law, for the fame respectively, clear and take out of such Warehoufes or Places respectively, either for Exportation according to the Diredions of this Ad, or to be consumed in Ireland, all fuen Goods, Wares, or Merchandize 3 and in cafe such Importers, Proprietors, or Confignees shall fail or neglect so to do, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties to cause all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize to be publickly fold or exposed to Sale, and after such Sale the Produce, thereof shall in the first Place be applied to or towards the Payment of the Freight, if any such shall be due, and Notice thereof shall have been given at the Time of Importation to the Colledor of the Port, and Affidavit made at the Time of Sale, that such Freight then remained due; in the next Place in Payment of Primage and Charges of Warehoufe Rent and other Charges that shall arise thereon; in the next Place in Payment of the Duties due thereon ; and the Overplus (if any) shall be paid to the Proprietor or other Perfons authorized to receive the fame, provided that no such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be fold, unless a Price can be obtained for the fame, equal at lead to the full Amount of all Duties charged and chargeable thereon, together with the Amount of Warehouse Rent and other the Expences thereon; but if such Price cannot be obtained, then and in such Cafe all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be effectually destroyed by and in the Prefence of the Colle&or or Chief Officer of the Cuftoms at the Port, who is and are hereby relpe&ively authorized and required to fee the fame destroyed accordingly; and the Proprietor or Owner of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall have no Claim either in Law or Equity to the Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any Part thereof so destroyed as aforesaid 3 any Im* Cuftoxn* or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

%	XVI.	And

Warehoafel Goods, if aua cleared oat within 15 Months, £hal be fold for Payment of Duties; or if not fuf&deat^ shall be destroyed.

A*D» i8o8»

92	C.33.

48° GEO. in.

Vtorifiontof former ware-koufing A&* in Ireland ftitt not be zfie&cd by this

abu

No Holidays except Sundays, ChrilUaas Day, fa.

Importer or Proprietor may take Samples.

Goods may be examined by Importer, &c. from Time to Time.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That the several Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions, Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland at or immediately before the palling of this Aft, whether relating to the Importation or Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or to the Duties payable on the Importation thereof, or to the col-lefting or securing those Duties, or to the permitting any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize to be warehoused without Payment of Duties, and which are not expressly repealed, reyoked, altered or controuled by this present Aft, shall be and remain and continue in as full Force and Elfeft as if this Aft had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Goods as may be warehoused by virtue of any Aft in force in Ireland immediately before the palling of this Aft with respect to such Goods, may continue to be warehoused under the Provifions of such Afts ; any Thing in this Aft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, that no Holidays whatever shall be permitted or allowed to be kept by any Officer of His Majefty’s Cuftoms in Ireland, for or in respect of any Aft, Matter, or Things to be done by any such Officer in pursuance of this Aft, and for the carrying the fame into Execution, except Sundays, Cbrijl-mas Day, and Good Friday, and any Days which shall be appointed by Proclamation for a General Fail or Thankfgiving, and also the Anniverfaries of the Refioration of King Charles the Second, and of the Coronation of His Majesty, and the Birthdays of Their Majesties and of His Royal Highneis the Prince of Wales 5 but that all Bufinefs relating to His Majefty’s Revenue shall be carried on under this Aft upon all Holidays, except as before excepted, in the fame Manner as upon other Days in the Year; any Law, Cuftom, or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

AVI 11. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Importer or Proprietor of any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize at any Time in the Prefence of the proper Officer to take a Sample thereof: Provided always, that out of each Calk of any Kind of Spirits or Wine not more than Half a Pint, and out of every Calk or other Package of Coffee or Cocoa Nuts not more than Two Ounces shall be taken: Provided also, that no more than Two Samples shall be taken out of the fame Calk or Package, save and except where the former Sample shall have been returned.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That every Importer or Proprietor who may have Occalion or be desirous to inspect or examine any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize to him belonging, which shall have been warehoused under this Aft, shall, upon giving Four Hours Notice in Writing to the proper Officer of Cuftoms, be permitted by such Officer with the Concurrence and in the Prefence of such Officer, to enter into and remain in such Warehouse or Warehoufes so long as shall be necessary, during the legal Hours of Bufinefs, for the Purpofe of inspecting or examining such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or for making such lawful Alterations therein or Arrangements thereof as may be necessary either for the Prefervation and Security thereof, or in order to the Sale or legal Difpofal of the fame respectively: Provided always, that no such Alterations or Arrangements shall be made which may in any respect tend to lessen His Majefty’s Duties or ta impede or obllruft or otherwise embar-

ttfs



93

48* GEO. III.

nfs the Officers in.taking and keeping a true Account thereof; and that the Entry and Continuance of every fiich Importer and Proprietor into Inch Warehouses, and the Infpeftion and Examination of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall be subject to and governed by such Rules, Regulations, and Redriftions in all Refpe&s as the Commiilioners of Cudoms and Port Duties shall from Time to Time make, order, and direft, with respect to such Entry, Continuance, Examination, and Infpeftion, or any of them.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, Recovery ml Penalties, and Forfeitures inflicted by this Adi shall be paid and Application of recovered in Brittfh Currency, and shall and may be sued for and recovered, levied and applied in such Manner and Form, and by such Wavs and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities a3 are prescribed, directed, and appointed in and by an Adi of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An AS for 14, nC s.c.t* settling of the Excife or new Impojl upon His Majejlg, His Heirs and Succefforsf according to the Book of Rates therein inserted, or in and by an A A passed in the Forty-fix th Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An A3 to provide for the better Execution of the G. 3. e, lot. several A8s relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the Commifitoners of Cttjloms and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or in or by any other Adi or Adb in force in Ireland relating to the said Revenues, Matters, and Things, or either of them; as fully and effectually to all Intents, Condruftions, and Purpofes as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expressed and re-enadled in this Aft, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party and Parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Adl3, or any of them, is provided and enacted.

“ Aft may be altered or repealed this Seilion. $ 21.’*

SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

ARTICLES allowed to be warehoused : without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid.

Almonds of all Sorts. Anchovies.

Annifeeds.

Balfam Capiva.

Barilla.

Bees Wax.

Brandy and other Spirits. Bridles undressed. Cantharides.

Carpets, Turkey.

Chip Hat3.

Clover Seed,

Cochineal.

Cocoa Nuts.

Coffee,

Cotton Yarn. Cotton Wool. Currants. Elephants Teeth. Feathers for Beds. Figl.

—— Senega. Hides and Skins. Indigo.

Jalap.

Jefuits’ Bark. Juniper Berries.

Lines,

H

C.32,33;	48*	GEO.	lfl.

Schedule (a.) continued

Linen, plain, of all Sorts, (except Sail Cloth.)

Manna.

Molaffes.

Mohair Yarn.

Oils, viz.

—	Whale Oil and other Fi(h Oil, and Whale Fins.

—	of Olives.

—— Palm.

■-----Sallad.

—	of Turpentine.

Opium.

Pimento.

Prunes.

Quicklilver.

Kaifins of all Sorts# Rhubarb.

Rice.

Rum.

Saffron.

Senna.

Silk, Raw.

---- Thrown.

----- Wafle.

Smalts.

Straw Hats.

Sugar.

Tobacco.

Wine.

SCHEDULE (B).

ARTICLES which may be secured in Places to be approved of: without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid.

Brimftone.

Cork.

Hemp undressed. Iron m Bars. Kelp.

Mahogany,

Pitch.

Rofin.

Staves.

Tallow.

Tar.

Timber.

Tow.

Turpentine.

Wood.

CAP. XXXIII.

[See 48 G. 3. c. a9. otto iretold-]

Jefuits* Bark {hall ■ot be exported from Greet Britain except to Inland, &c.

His M^jefty may authorize the Exportation to States m Amity.

An Aft to prohibit, until the End of the next Seffion of Parliament, the Exportation of Jefuits* Bark from Great Britain.

[14th April 1808.]

*	TT 7 HERE AS it is expedient to prohibit for a limited Time the

*	W Exportation of Jefuits’ Bark from Great Britain, except in the Manner herein-after mentioned ;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod Excellent Majessy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this Aft, no Perfon or Perfons whatever shall, directly or indirectly, export, carry, or convey, or cause or procure'to be exported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any Port or Place in Great Britain, or shall load or lay on board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on board in any Ship or other Veifel or Boat, any Jefuits’ Bark, in order to be carried, exported, or conveyed out of any such Port or Place, except to Ireland, and also except as herein-after is provided.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it ihall bo lawful for His Majesty by any Licence under his Royal Sign Manual to authorize any Perfon to export from Great Britain for his or

their

their own Account, or for Account of any Subjedl or Subjedts of isy State in Amity with His Majesty, any Jefuits* Bark, under such Regulations, Reftridtions, and Securities as may be specified in the said Licence.

“Exportation may be allowed for the Supply of the Army and " Nary. J 3 ; and for the Ufe of Crews of Ships. § 4. Bark 44 exported contrary to this Adi forfeited: with 40/- per lb. weight 44 and the Veffel, &c. § 5. Penalties shall be recovered and applied “ as other Penalties againfi Cuftom Laws. § 6. Adtions against Persons having refused to clear VeffeL laden with Bark, intended to be 44 exported before palling this Adi declared void. $ 7. Adi may be 44 altered this Seflion. § 8. Continuance of this Adi till End of next u Seflion. $ 7.”

CAP. XXXIV.

An A fit to prohibit, until the End of the next Seflion of Parliament, the Exportation of Cot to Wool from Great Britain.

[14th April 1808.

44 Cotton Wool shall not be exported, except to Ireland\ or under 44 the Provilion8 of this Adi. § 1. His Majesty may allow Ex-44 portation to States in Amity. § 2. Cotton Wool exported con-44 trary to this Adi shall be forfeited: with a Penalty of 40s.per lb* 44 weight, and the Veffel, &c. § 3. [See § 1, 2, 3 of 48 G. 3. c. 29. 44 & c. 33 3”

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Adi contained shall extend to prevent any Cotton Wool being carried Coaftwife, upon any Certificate which shall be diredied to be given by the Commilfioners of the Cuftoms in that Behalf.

44 Penalties shall be recovered and applied, as other Penalties against 44 Cuftom Laws. § 5. A diions against Perlons refusing to clear 44 Veffels laden with Cotton Wool intended to be exported before 44 the passing of this Adi declared void. § 6. Adi may be altered 44 this Seflion. § 7, Continuance of this Aci until End of next 44 Seflion. § 8.”

CAP. XXXV.

An AGt for imposing, until the End of the next Seflion of Parliament, a Duty on Cotton Wool the Growth of the Briti/b Coionics, exported from Great Britain.

[14th April 1808.

4 Mod Gracious Sovereign,

4 \\7 E, Your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal Subjedis, the Com-• VV mons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ire-4 land in Parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies 4 to defray Your Majefty's Publick Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty, a Duty upon 4 Cotton Wool of the Growth or Produce of any of His Majefiy's 4 Coionics, Settlements, or Plantations, exported from Great Britain ; 4 and do therefore moil humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may 1 be enadied •/ and be it enadied by the King’s most Excellent Ma-

jetty,

[See 48 G. t* c. 39. cu Is LreUndL}

Cotton Wool may be earned Coaftwife.

A.D. i8o8.

96	C.35,36,37.	48®	GEO.	III.

A Duty of gd. per lb. shall be paid on Exportation of Cotton Wool from Great Britain: except to Ireland.

jefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual ana Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of thjs Ad, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majelty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, upon all Cotton Wool, the Growth or Produce of any Briti/b Colony, Settlement, or Plantation, exported from Great Britain to any Port or Place except to Ireland» a Duty of Nine-pence for every Pound Weight of such Cotton Wool, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity. u Said Duty shall be managed as other Duties of Cuftoms. § 2. Said “ Duty fhail be under the Management of the Commiflioners of Cuf-“ toms. § 3. And shall be paid into the Exchequer. § 4. Limita-M tion of A&ions Three Months.—General Iflue.—Treble Cofts. § 5. “ Ad may be altered this Seflion. § 6. Continuance of Ad till End u of next Seffion. $ 7.”

CAP. XXXVI.

An Ad for further continuing until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Ad of the Forty-fixth Year of His present Majesty, for altering and amending several Laws relating to the Duties,of Excife upon Malt.	[14th	April	1808.

“46 G. 3. c. 139. (continued by 47 G. 3.Jl. 2. r. 37.) further con-tinued to 24th June 1809.	48	Geo.	3. c. 74. a permanent

CAP. XXXVII.

An Ad for making valid certain Orders in Couneil, and Warrants of the Commiflioners of the Treasury, for the Entry and Warehoufing of certain Goods imported in Neutral Vefleis, and for indemnifying all Perfons concerned therein ; for the remitting of Forfeitures in certain Cafes ; and for enabling His Majesty to allow, during the Continuance of Hollilities, and until Two Months after the Commencement of the next Seflion of Parliament, the Importation of Goods from Countries from which the Briti/b Flag is exeluded, in any Veflels whatever.	[14th	April	1808.]

*	TTJ' HE REAS several Neutral Vefleis, bound to Ports on the € W Continent of Europe from which the Briti/b Flag has been

*	exeluded, have arrived in the Ports of the United Kingdom, hav-‘ ing been warned or brought into such Ports in consequence of His

*	MajeftVs Orders in Council for that Purpose, and Parts of the Car-

*	goes of such Veflels have been admitted to Entry for Home Con-‘ lumption, or warehoused for Exportation; and other Parts of fuch

*	Cargoes, confiding of Goods the Growth, Produce, or Manufac-

*	ture of Countries within the Limits of the Charter granted to the 1 United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eqfi € Indies, not imported by the said Company, have been warehoufed

*	for Exportation only: And whereas in consequence of the late

*	Events in Portugal, Wine and other Commodities' have been

brought

A.D. i8oS.

48° GEO. III.	C.374 38.	97

*	brought from the Dominions of the Crown of Portugal in VeiTels

*	owned and navigated according to Law, and have been admitted

<	to Entry or warehoused in the fame Manner, and subject to the

<	fame Duties only, as if the fame had been, imported in Britvjh-

*	built Vefleis, owned and navigated according to Law: And

*	whereas fitch Goods have been To entered and warehoused, in obe-

*	dience to Orders of Council and Warrants of the Commiflioners of

*	His Majefty’s Treasury, which it has been deemed expedient under ‘the Circumftanccs to issue for such Purposes; which Orders and ‘ Warrants, and the Proceedings thereupon, were not authorized by

*	Law ; but it is expedient, under the Circumftanccs, that the fame

*	ihould be authorized by Aft of Parliament 5 and it is also expe-

*	dient that the Importation of Goods from Countries from which ‘ the Brinfb Flag is exeluded, should be allowed for a limited 'lime

*	any Veflels ; be it therefore enacted,' &c.

“ All Importations, Admiflions to Entry, and warehouflng, &c. o^

“ Goods made previous to this A61 under Orders in Council or •‘Warrants of Treasury declared lawful, and the Perfons concerned “ therein iudcmnilied. § 1. Goods which have been or shall be brought “ i.ito Port in consequence of such Orders in Council may be landedf “ and the Ships shall not be liable to Forfeiture, &g. § 2.”

III.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His HU Mqefty,

Majefty, by Order in Council or Licence, and in Ireland for the empowered Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and the during Hoftilttics Privy Council of Ireland, by Order in Councilor Licence, when and	P**™11

as often as the fame shall be judged expedient, to permit during the }mport2 anT Continuance of Hoftilities, and until Two Months after the Corn- Veffids from any mencement of the next Sefiion of Parliament, any such Goods, Wares, Port from which or Merchandize as shall be specified in such Order in Council or the British flag Licence, to be imported, into any Port of Great Britain or Ireland “ eluded. refpeCtively, frtfm any Port or Place from which the Britifi Flag is

exeluded, in any Ship or VefTel belonging to ary Country, whether in Amity with His Majesty or not 5 any Law in force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Brita n or Ireland respectively, to the contrary in any wife not with (landing.

IV.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, Good* fraudu-or be coiiftrued to extend, to exempt from Seizure any Goods or Com- lently conveyed modities which shall be unshipped, or attempted to be un(hipped for on Shore shall the Purpofe of being illegally coweyed on Snore, or before due En- he feiztd.

try shall have been made thereof.

“ Aft may be altered or i*epealed this Seflion. f 5.”

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Aft for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer *

Bills.	[14th	April 1808.]

“ The Inhered on Exchequer Bills under 47 G. 3. Jl. 1. r. a. 47 G. 3*

“/• 2. Co 28. and Co 73. which shall be carried to Exchequer “ Office before March 18th, 1808, shall be paid5 and. the Holders “ shall receive Certificates to the Bank entitling them at their Option “ for every loo/, either to 105/. in the Five^r Cent. Annuities from “ 5^ January 1808 ; or to 63/. 5/. in the said 5 per Cent. together “with 50/. in the 4 per Cent. from 5th April 18085 provided the “Amount of Exchequer Bills exchanged shall not exceed Four ‘ 48Gee. III.	H	“Mil-

A.D. 1808.

C. 38,3,, 40.

48° GEO. Ill:

Felony without Ckrgy,

11 Millions. § 1. Exchequer Office shall receive and cancel such Ex-“ chequer Bills, on granting such Certificates, f 2. Certificates shall *• entitle Parties to the Annuities accordingly. § 3. Payable out of *	44 the Cotofolidated Fund. $ 4. .Certificates may be assignable before

,	44 Augufi 1, 1808* S 5* Bank, on receiving Certificates, shall give

44 Credit in their Books for the Capital Stock therein mentioned; M which Stock may be transferred, &c. § 6. Exchequer shall from 44 Time to Time ifTue Money to the Bank for Payment of the 44 Annuities. § 7. Accountant General shall examine Cafhiers Ac-44 counts. § 8. Money converted into Five per Cent. Annuities shall “ be added to the Joint Stock of Five per Cents, already eitablifhed. 44 § 9. And Money converted into Four per Cent. Annuities shall be *< added to the Joint Stock of Fourier Cents. § 10. Mode of trans-44 ferring Stock. § 11.”

Penalty on	XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons

coumerleiting shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or coun-Ccrtificaiea, &c. terfeited, or shall willingly aft or assist in the forging or counterfeiting eionvwi t any Certificate or Certificates directed to be made out by this Aft, or any Afiignment thereof, or Indorfement thereon, or shall alter any Number, Figure, or Word, in any such Certificate, or in any Afiignment thereof, or Indorfement thereon, or utter or publish as true any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered Certificate or Certificates, or Afiignment or Afiignments thereof, or Indorfement or Iridorfements thereon, with Intent to defraud His Majesty or the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Body Politick or Corporate, or any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever, every such Perfon or Perfons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting or afliiting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publishing as afore-said, being thereof convicted in due form of,Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

44 Bank shall continue a Corporation for the purposes of this Aft, 44 until Redemption of said Annuities. § 13. No Fee for Transfers, 44 Penalty 20/. § 14. Bank, &c. shall receive a Compcnfation from 41 Treasury for their Services. § 15. General Ifluc.—Treble Cofts.

44 i 16.°

C A P.' XXXIX.

An Aft for increasing the Rates of Subfiftence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[14th April 1808.]

44 The Rates are the fame as in 41 G. 3. (U. K.) e. 35.—Continu-44 ance of Aft from 24th March 1808 until 25th March 1809.°

C A P. XL.

An A ft to indemnify such Perfons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employ*

, ments; and for extending the Times limited for those purposes refpeftivcly, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, and to permit such Perfons in Greed Britain as have omitted to make and file '	Affidavits

Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to At-tornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the Firfl Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and nine.	[14th	April i8c8.]

[Sr* 44 Geo, 3. c, 7. and References there. J %

CAP. XLI.

An Aft to repeal certain Duties of Excife in Ireland, and to grant certain Stamp Duties in lieu thereof} and also certain other Stamp Duties } and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland.	[27th May 1808.]

* Moll Gracious Sovereign,

•TT 7 HE REAS it is expedient to repeal certain Excife Duties 1 W heretofore granted to His Majesty, His Heirs and SucceiTors,

*	to be paid and payable in Ireland: Ana whereas in lieu of the said 4 Duties and towards railing the Supplies granted to. Your Majesty, ‘and necefiary for the Support of Your Majefty’s Government,

*	the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled,

*	have resolved to grant to Your Majesty certain new and other Du-4 ties on Scamped Vellum and Parchment and Paper; and do moil 4 humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s moil Excellen Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confeut of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

' of the fame. That from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the palling of this Aft, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in Ireland, unto *His Majesty, His Heirs and SucceiTors, the several Sums of Money and Duties of Stamps mentioned, enumerated, and deferibed, and fet forth in Words and Figures in the Schedule to this Aft'annexed: which said Schedule and every Matter and Thing therein contained, ihall be deemed and taken u Part of thfe Aft, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

II.	And be it further enacted, That from, and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the passing of this Aft, the Duties of Excife made payable in Ireland, by virtue of an Aft made in the Fnrty-feventh Year of His present Majefty’s Reign," intituled, An

to grant to His Majesty certain Inland Duties of Excife and Taxes in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in refpeli thereof in lieu 9/ former Duties of Excife, Taxes, and Drawbacks, for and in respect of any and every of the Licences mentioned, specified, and fet forth in the Schedule to this present Aft annexed, together with the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of the said Duties, shall be and the fame are hereby repealed ; and the Duties of Stamps in the said Schedule specified, mentioned, and contained Ihall' from and after the said Time be paid and payable in lieu and in Head of any Duties on such Licences under or by virtue of the said recited Aft.

III.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the palling of this Aft so much and such Parts of an Aft, made iu the Forty-feventh Year of His prelent Majefty’s Riegn, intituled, * An A8 to secure the Payment of the Puties on Licences granted to Perfons in It eland dealing in Exctftable Commodities, as authorises, requires, or empowers any CoDeftor of

Ha	Excife

Stamp Duties in Schedule annexed to this A& granted to mi Majesty.

ExcifeDuties on Licences under 47 G. a. Seff. l.c. IS. repealed.

47 G. 3. Seff. i. c. 35. § 3, 4. repealed as to Receipt of Duty

by Excife

too

A.D.i8a8

Licences {hall be

evented by Coumiffionen, &c. on the proper Stamp.

Duty on Permits under 47 G. 3. Seff. a. c. 14. repealed.

So much of

46	G. 3. c. 64.

47	G. 3. Seff. l. c. 50. as relates to ftatnping Deeds according t6 their Length, repealed.

[See 46 G. 3.

C. 64. § 13 to 19- and

47 G. 3. Seff. 1. e. 50. § 11. and the Schedule.]

Putiesof ios. it 5s. on Indentures, &e.

C.41.	GEO.	ul

Excife and Taxes to receive any Duty payable on such Licences, or to receive the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of such Duty, {hall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed : and the Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or any one of them, or any Perfon or Perfons appointed by the said Commiflioners, or any Three of them, {hall and may and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to grant Inch Licences on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, duly stamped with the Duty by this Ad required, for any such Licence or Licences respectively, to any Perfon or Perfons who {hall respectively require the fame, without Fee or Reward; in such Manner and under such Regulations as the said Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes shall from Time to Time order and direct, under or by virtue of the said recited Ad, or any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland at the Time of granting such Licences respectively.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That so .much of an Ad, made in the Forty-feventh Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled. An AS to repeal certain Duties of Excife, andalfo certain Stamp Duties, in Ireland; and to grant certain new Stamp Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland ; as imposes any Duty on any Permit relative to any Excifeable or other Goods, or any Certificate of any such Permit, {hall, from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the passing of this Ad, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

V.	And be it further enacted. That from and after the expiration of One Calendar Month after the palling of this Ad, so much and such Parts of an Ad, made in the Forty-fixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An AS to repeal the fevered Duties under the Care of the Commi/Jioners for managing the Dudes upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland ; and also so much of an Ad, made in the Forty-feventh Year of His present Majefty's Reign, intituled. An AS to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commiffion-ers for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereds; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland ; as relates 10 the Number of Stamps to be im-pofed on any Indenture, Bond, Lease, or other Deed, Inftrument, or Writing, according to the Quantity of Words, or according to the Number of computed Sheets, or computed Skins, of which such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Inftrument, or Writing {hall consist: fball be and the fame is and are hereby-repealed and made void ; and that from and after the Expiration of fuen Calendar Month no Adiou or Suit shall be commenced or brought for any Penalty incurred uirder the said recited Ads, or either of them, for any Offence against such Parts of the said Ads or either of them, as relates to the stamping of any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Inftrument, or Writing, according to the Quantity of Words, or according to the Number of computed Sheets, or Skins, of which the fame {hall consist ; any Thing in the said recited Ads or either of them to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That the Duties of Ten Shillings and Five Shillings, in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, imposed in respect of any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Inftrument!

»

lof

A-D. 1808.	48°	GEO,	III.	.	C.41.

inent, or Writing, not otherwise charged, shall be in lieu and in (lead of all Duties payable under the said recited A&s of the Forty-fixth and Forty-feventh Years of Hia Majefty’s Reign, upon any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Inftrument, or Writing, according to the Quantity of Words, or the Number of computed Sheets, of which such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Inftrument, or Writing shall consist: Provided always, that where by the said recited Acts, or any other A£t or A&s in force in Ireland, a Stamp Duty is imposed on any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Inftrument, or Writing, in Proportion to the Amount of Rent referred, or Fine or Confideration paid, or of Money lent or paid, such Stamp Duty shall be paid and payable in lieu of the Stamp Duty of Ten Shillings aforesaid ; and that in respect of each and every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment or Sheet or Piece of Paper, more than One, on which such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Inftrument, or Writing shall be ingrofled, written, or printed, the Stamp Duty of Five Shillings shall be paid as in cafe of an Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Inftrument, or,Writing not chargeable according to the Amount of Rent referred, or Fine or Confideration paid, or Money lent or paid.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to any Exception to any Anfwer or Report filed in any Court of Equity or any Ecclefiaftical Court in Ireland, nor to any Declaration, Bill, Anfwer, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer, Interrogatory, Deposition, or other Plea or Pleacting, filed in any Court in Iceland, but that every such Exception, Declaration, Bill, Anfwer, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer, Interrogatory, Deposition, and other Plea or Pleacting, shall be and remain cnargeable with the Duties of Stamps iinpofea in respect of the fame, by the said recited Aft of the Forty-feventh Year, and ^he Schedule thereto annexed.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after'the pafiingof this A£t, so much of the (aid recited Aft of the Forty-feventh Year, and the said Schedule thereto annexed, as imposes a Duty of Five Shillings for every entire Quantity of Fifteen computed Sheets contained in any Probate of any Will, or in any Letters of A dministration, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that no Probate of a Will nor Letters of Administration, except Adminiftrations Pendente Vtte, shall he subject and liable to any Stamp Duties other than the Duties in the Schedule in the said A& specified in respect of the Value of the Eftate to which such Probate or Adminiftration shall relate; and that no Letter of Adminiftration De bonis non shall be liable to any Duty under the said recited Adt or this A& ; and that any Adminiftration Pendente Jite shall be liable only to the Duty of Ten Pounds in the Schedule to the said Aft specified; any Thing in the said recited Aft to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding,

IX.	And be it further enacted, That from‘and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after pafltng this A ft, so much ot the said recited A& of the Forty-feventh Year and the Schedules thereto annexed, as imposes any Duty in respect to any Certificate to he taken out by any Special Pleader, Draftfman in any Court of Equity, Con-teyaneer, Scrivener, or any other Perfon who, for or in Expedition pf any Fee, Gain, or Reward, shall draw or prepare any Convey-

*	H 3	ance

in Schedule to this AA, shall be in lieu of former Duties according to the Length of the Deeds,

Dufy ad

Valorem ftal! be in lieu of 10s. Duty; and Deeds paying faipe (ball be chargeable with '5 s. per Slcm above the fiift Skin.

Exceptions,

Declarations,

Ac. stall remain chargeable an before.

Duties on Probates and Adminiftration*, Ad mini ft rations de bon is non, & Pendente itte.

Duty on Conveyancers, Ac. in Schedule to 47 Gj 3.

Seff. !. c. 50. & $ 15. repealed.

A*D* i8©8#

to%

C. 41.

48° GEO. m.

Duties on Summonfes, etc. from inferior . Court*, end on Lifts of Attomies, repealed.

Decrees, Sec. on Civil Bill where the Party appears in Perfon valid without the name of the Attorney if duly ftampod.

46 G. 3. c. 64. f 91. as to

detaining Deeds by Reipftnr* repealed.

New Deputation of a Gamekeeper may be made in the oourfeof the

ance of, or Deed relating to any Real -or Perfonal Estate, or any Proceedings in Law or Equity; and also so much of the said Aft "as directs that any Perfon who shall practise as fucli Special Pleader, Draftfman, or Conveyaneer, or (lujl draw or prepare any such Conveyance or Deed, (kail annually take out a Certificate thereof in Manner and under the Regulations in the said Ad contained; and also so much of the said last recited Ad as imposes any Penalty on any Perfon in Ireland, not being, qualified as in the said Ad mentioned, or not being within the Exception in the said Ad specified, who shall draw or prepare any Conveyance of, or Deed relating to any Real or Perfonal Estate, or any Proceeding in Law or Equity for or in Ex-pedation of any Fee, Gain, Profit, or Reward, shall be and the fame if and are hereby repealed.

X.	And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Ad, passed in the Forty-feventh Year of His Majefty’s Reign, and the Schedules thereto annexed, as rmpofes a Duty of Two-pence on every Summons iifued out of any Inferior Court, not holding Plea above , Forty Shillings, and the like Duty on any Wanant ilTued or Order made by such Court, and as imposes a Duty of Sixpence on every Lift of Attornies, Solicitors, or Conveyancers, shall, from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the palling of this Ad, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XL And be it further .enacted, That where, in any Cause, Suit, or Proceeding by Civil Dill, any Plaintiff or Defendant shall appear in his own proper Perfon, and not by Attorney, it shall be lawful for the Afliftant Barrifter before whom such Cause, Suit, or Proceeding shall be had, to strike out or omit from the Form of any Decree, Difmiss, or other Proceeding, the Words * Attorney for the Plaintiff,’ or * Attorney for the Defendant/ and to insert iiiftcad thereof « The Plaintiff,’ (or Defendant, as the Cafe may be) • appears in Perfon ;* and every Decree, Difmiss, and other Proceeding m such Caufe or Suit by Civil Bill shall, if duly damped according to Law, be as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, as if the Name of the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Defendant respectively had appeared thereto, any Thing in any Aft or Aft8 to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII.	And be it further enacted. That from and after the Expiration of One Month after the pafiing of this Aft, so much of the said Aft, passed in the said Forty-iixth Year, as dirests, that whenever any Deed, Conveyance, or Will shall be brought to be registered under certain Afts in force in Ireland, it shall and may be lawful for the Regiftrar to keep and detain in his Cuftody all such Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills as shall be brought to him, and all Memorials thereof, for the Space of Time in the said Aft mentioned, and as requires the said Regiftrar to produce such Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills and Memorials thereof, to any Officer appointed for the Infpeftion of Stamps, and as imposes any Penalty on any such Regiftrar in cafe of his Refufal or Negleft to comply with the Directions of the said Aft, shall be and the feme is hereby repealed.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That where any Lord or Lady of a Manor, or other Perfon in Ireland, shall have made any Deputation or Appointment of a Game-keeper, whereof a Certificate duly damped shall have been granted according to Law, and fuch

Depu»

A.D.180&	4I0	GEO.	Ill,	C.4I.

Deputation or Appointment shall have ceased by the Death, Refig-nation, or Removal of such Game-keeper, before the Twentv-fifth Day of March neat after the. Date of such Certificate, it fiuul and may be lawful for such Lord tr Lady of a Manor, or other Perfog, to make a new Deputation or Appointment of any Perfon to be a Game-keeper in the Room of such former Game-keeper and so from Time to Time as often as any Vacancy shall happen by the Death, Refignation, or Removal of any such Game-keeper, during the Period in which such Certificate shall continue in force, by indorfing upon the Back of the Certificate granted to such former Game-keeper, the Name of the Perfon so deputed or appointed ; and such Lord or Lady of a Manor or other Perfon shall lubferibe every such Indorfement with his or her Name, and the Date of signing the fame; and every such Deputation or Appointment so made by Indorfement and fubferibed as aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual until the said Twenty-fifth Day of March, and no longer, without any further or other Stamp thereon, and without any further or new Certificate thereof; any Thing in any A&, in force in Ireland tq the contrary not withflanding.	,

XIV.	And be it further enacted. That every Perfon in Ireland, who from and after the palling of this A& shall have in his or her Pofleflion any Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or other Dog, or any Gun, Net, or other Engine usually employed in the taking or Deftru&ion of Game, shall be deemed and taken as a Perfon keeping and using such Dog, Gun, Net, or Engine for the taking or Deftru&ion of Game within the true Intent and Meaning of an A& impofiug Duties upon Certificates with respect to the Killing of Game in Ireland.

XV.	And be it further enacted. That whenever any Profecution or Proceeding shall be had or commenced against any Perfon for carrying on any Trade, Bufinefs, Profelfion, or Calling, without having a Licence for so doing duly stamped, or for keeping or using any Dog, Gun, Net, or Engine for the taking or Definition of Game, without having obtained a Certificate duty stamped in Manner required by Law, the Proof that such Perfon has obtained such Licence or Certificate duly damped fliull lie on the P< rty against whom such Profecution or Proceeding shall be had or commeneed, and not 011 the Party complaining ; any Thing in any Ad or Ads to the contrary ootwithftanding.

XVI.	4 And whereas by the said recited Ad of the Forty-feventli 4 Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, it is among other Things 4 enacted, that any Deed, Inftrument, Matter, or Thing, which 4 shall be stamped with any Stamp of greater Valile than the .Stamp 4 required by Law, shall be valid and elFedual to all Intents and 4 Pur^rofcs, although the Stamp on such Deed, Inftrument, Matter,

4 or 1 hing, shall not be of the particular Denomination or Defcription 4 required by Law ;* be it enacted, That nothing in the said recited Enadment eontaii ed shall be deemed or construed to extend to any Deed, Inftrument, Matter, or Thing which shall be of a Kind for which feparafe and particular Stamps or Marks shall have been provided according to L w, unlef* the Stamp imposed thereon shall be One of the Stamps o Marks particularly appropriated to such Kind of Deed, Inftrument, or Writing.

H*	XVII.	And

»*3

Yew by

Indorfement on the stamped Certificate of die former Game-keeper without a new Stamp.

Perfoni keeping Doga, Guns, &c. shall be deemed to use them for Definition of Game.

Proof of having obtained licence, See. shall lie on Offender.

47 G. a. ft 1/ c. so. § 9.

inUrnmentt to which particular Stamps are appropriated shall have the prept-r kind of Stamps.

A.D. i8o8.

How Stamps on Judgments {hall he denoted.; viz. on Cognovits by the proper Stamp; on other Judgments by a Stamp on a Piece of Parchment with the Title of the Cause, &c. to be filed in the refpeAive Courts*

Cognovits nay be stamped within a Month after filing. Penalty on Officer for Negtelfc lOl,

In Seven Days after marking a Judgment, Memorandum thereof shall be entered by the

proper Officer, &c. Penalty for Afegledl $0h.

AH Judgments signed before this A&, but stamped as here direaed, shall be valid*

C.41.	4^	GEO* III*

XVII.	And be it further gnacted, That from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the palling of this A£t, the Payment of the Stamp Duty on all Judgments shall be denoted in Manner following respectively, that is to fay; the Payment of the Duty which shall from Time to Time be payable on Judgments, upon Cognovit Afttonem, shall be denoted by the proper Stamp for every such Judgment respectively, dieing (lamped on such Cognovit, and the Payment of the Duty which (nail from Time to Time be payable on all other Judgments whatsoever in Ireland, shall be denoted in Manner following ; that is to fay, a small Piece or Bit of Parchment whereon shall be written the Title of the Cause, and the Day of marking Judgment therein, shall be (lamped with the proper Stamp for every Judgment respectively, and such Piece of Parchment so (lamped, shall be filed in the proper Court, on the File of the Pleadings thereof; and thereupon every such Judgment shall be deemed and taken to be duly (tamped to all Intents and Purpcfcs whatsoever; and any Officer or Officers who shall nfegledl or omit to obtain such Piece of Parchment properly (lamped for any such Judgment, and to die the fame as aforesaid, shall for every such Ncglcdlor Omiffion forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XVIII.	Provided also, and be it enabled. That all and erery such Cognovit shall and may be (lamped with the proper Stamp, within One Calendar Month next after the fame shall have been filed, without Payment of any Penalty or other Sum, save only the Duty payable thereon, but no Difcount shall be allowed thereon ; ana every Perfon concerned in the engrofsing, signing, or filing the fame, shall be exempt from all Penalties on Account thereof: Provided ne-verthfcless, that any Officer or Officers who shall negle£l or omit to bring or fend such Cognovit to the Head Office in Dublin to be (lamped, within One Calendar Month afW felie fame shall have been so filed, shall for every such Negleft or Omillion forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XIX.	And he it further enabled, That after the Expiration of One Month from the pading of this A61, a Book shall be kept in every Court in Irelhnd> by the proper Officers, for marking Judgments, therein, in which Book shall be entered within Seven Days next after the marking of any Judgment which shall be marked in such Court lifter that Time, a Minute or Memorandum of the Entry of such Judgment, dating the Names of the Parties in the Cause, and the Day of the marking of such Judgment, and also the Day of making such Entry, and whether the fame was duly (lamped as aforesaid or not; and luch Entry shall afterwards be taken as Evidence that such Judgment was duly damped, or the contrary, pi the Time of making such Entry ; and' if any such Officer shall omit to keep such Book, or to make such Entry therein relative to any such Judgment within the said Period of Seven Days' after marking the fame respectively, or shall make any such Entry falsely, every such Officer shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XX.	4 And whereas it has heretofore been enacted, that all Judg-4 ments should within One Calendar Month after the signing thereof € respectively, be carried to the Head Office in Dublin to be damped,

• and the fame hath not been carried into Execution, but it has been ‘ usual to damp the fame as afoiefaid refpedlivelybe it therefosc

coded. That every*. Judgment signed before the passing of tbit Aft* aad which hath been so damped respectively, shall be deemed and taken to have been duly damped, and all Perfons. concerned in figuingor making up the fame shall be and they are respectively hereby indemnified from all Pains and Penalties for not causing the lame to be damped.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That no atteded Copy of any /hal Judgment, which after One Calendar Month from the palling of this Aft, shall be entered in Ireland, {hall be given or received in Evidence, uniefs the Officer atteding the fame shall certify not only that the Tame is a true Copy of such Judgment, but that such Judgment has been Ally damped as aforesaid respectively ; and if any Officer shall certify the fame falsely he shall for every such O(Fence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Hatter or other Perfon licenced to fell Hats, shall refuse to permit and, suffer any' Perfon duly authorized and empowered, under the Provifions of the (aid lad recited Aft, to enter into the House, Shop, Workhouse, or Warehouse of any such Hatter or Perfon licenced to fell Hats, and to Search for, view, infpest, and examine all and every Hat and Hats which shall be in such House, Shop, Workhouse, or Warehouse, or (I* ill moled, obftrust, or hinder any Perfon so authorized in the Execution of his Duty under the said recited Aft, every such Hatter or Pcrion licenced' to fell Hats, shall for every fudi Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That the several Duties hereby granted, shall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in British Currency, and shall be carried to the Confolidated Fund of Ireland9 and shall be under the Management, Government, and Care of the Commissioners fAr the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged upon damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in Ireland, and the said Commiflioners are hereby empdwered ar.d required to use such Stamps, in order to denote the Duties payable by this Aft, as have been heretofore provided to denote former Duties of the like Nature, or to eaufe new Stamps to be provided for that Purpose, and to alter the fame or any of them from Time to Time; and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Aft iuto Execution with relation ter the several Duties hereby granted, in the like and as full and ample a Manner as they are authorized to put in Execution any former Law concerning any Duties under their Management.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Officer and Officers who shall be concerned in levying, collecting, and receiving any Stamp Duty or Duties payable in Ireland, shall keep Separate and distinct Accounts thereof ; and that the several Diftributors of Stamps in the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, shall pay all Monies received by them, or any Deputy or other Perfon employed by them, for or by reason or on account of any of such Stamp Duty or Duties, or of any Penalties imposed by this Aft, or by any other Aft in anywise relating to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties, and then in the Hands of such Diftributors respectively, to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties on every Day in each Week except Sundays : and the Diftributors of Stamps employed in other Parts of Inland shall on

every

Officer (haM certify stumping of Judgments, &c. Penalty 2d.

Penalty on Perfons refuting Admittance to Officers under 43 G. 3. c. 22. § 25. Sol.

Duties shall he paid in British Currency, and under the Management of Cora mi (lionets of •Stamps.

Accounts shall be kept ofPuty, and Diftributon shall pay over fame regularly to Receiver GeneoA, and he tniotheTfcafury*

iSoSj

\q6

e &

48* GEO. IIL

lofotmcr • „

fafKcient

TVitneis.

every Wtintfday in every Week, unless the feme shall he an Holiday,

and then on the next ensuing Day which shall not be an Holiday, or as speedily after such Wednefday or other Day as the Diftance of such Distributors respectively mall permit, and as much oftener at the laid Diftributor* shall be required by the laid Commiftioners, or any of them, pay or cause to be paid ail Sums received by them in like Manner, and then in their Hands respectively, to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties, and the said Receiver General shall, on each and every Day, or on such Day or Days in every Week as shall be directed for the Purpofe by the said Commiflionersi, or any Three of them, pay all Monies so received by him, and then in his Hands, into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer of Ireland; and the said Receiver General shall on each Day after his making any such Payment into His Majefty’s Exchequer, and every Diftributor of Stamps each Day after his or her making any fuels Payment to the said Receiver General, or on the First Opportunity after the said Times respectively, give Notice of such Payment and of the Amount thereof to the said Commiftioners of Stamp Duties; and if such Receiver General shall at any Time neglect or omit t© pay into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer the Sums.fo by him payable as sforesaid, at the Time and in Manner aforesaid, or shall detain any Part of the Monies so by him payable, without sufficient Reafon to be approved of by the (aid Commiftioners of Stamp Duties, or any Three of them, then and for such Offence he shall be dismissed from his said Employment, and shall h** incapable to serve His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors, in any Civil Capacity whatsoever, and shall be charged with Intercft for the Monies so detained in his Hands, after the Rate of Twelve Pounds by the Hundred by the Year, the fame to be recovered, with Cofts of Suit, by Aftion, Suit, or Information, or by any other of the Means whereby Debts may be recovered by His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, from Publick Accountants or Debtors; and if any such Diftributor or Diftributora shall neglect or omit to pay or cause to be paid to such Receiver General as aforesaid, the Sums so by him, her, or them payable as aforesaid, or shall detain the Monies by him, her, or them so payable as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, without sufficient Reafon to be approved of by the said Commiftioners of Stamp Duties, or any Three of them, then and for such Offence every such Diftributor shall be dismissed from his said Employment, 'and shall from thenceforth be incapable of serving His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors, in any Civil Capacity whatsoever, and shall be charged with Intereft for the Monies so detained in his Hands, after the Rate of Twelve Pounds by the Year for each One hundred Pounds, to be recovered with Cofts of Suit, by Aftion, Suit, or Information, or by any other of the Ways or Means whereby Debts may be recovered by His Majesty, His Heirs or Sue-ceffors, from Publick Accountants.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That on any Trial or other Procee ling for Recovery of any Duty or Penalty under this Aft, or under any Aft empowering, or in any wife relating to the Levying, Collcftion, or Manage ment o? any Stamp Duty or Duties whether in any Suit to be instituted in any of the Superior Courts in Ireland, or by Civil Bill, or before a Juft ice or Justices, or«at S^flions, any Informer or other Perfon who in the Event of a Conviftion would be entitled ta the Penalty to be recovered thereon, or to any.Part, Sharp,

or

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. DL .	C.41.	*qj

cr Proportion thereof, or to any Fee, Profit, Reward, or Emolument vhatsoever, shall be received and admitted as a competent Witneb on such Trial or other Proceeding, and the Teftimony of such Informer or other Perfon shall, if beneyed, be sufficient to all Intent# and Purposes, as far as the fame Teftimony could be if given by any other Perfon whomsoever.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any PUmtUft hi #1 Penalty against any ACt or A61s in force in Ireland, relating to the A&aomfar Stamp Duties shall be recovered by ACtion of Debt, Bill; Plaint, or Information, in any of his MajeftyJs Courts of Record in Dublin* recwerUiae* or by Civil Bill, in any Part of Ireland, the Perfon suing for the (ante shall also be entitled to and shall recover his full Cofts of Suit, and Ml have like Remedy for such Cofts as in other Cafes where Cofta are given by Law.	-

“ Powers of 43 G. 3. e. 21. Sc 46 G. 3. r. 64. extended to this A&*

* f 2 7. ACt maybe altered this Seffion.' § 28.”

SCHEDULE.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingracted, written, or printed any of the following Articles, or any Part thereof, the refpeCtive Duties following; Any Licence to any Perfon in Ireland for any of the Purpofes hereinafter mentioned, that is to fay 5

To manufacture Tobacco in any Manner

And further, for and upon every Tobacco Table exceeding One Table, which any Perfon manufacturing Tobacco shall be licenced to keep To deal in unmanufactured Tobacco, except as a Whole-fale Importer only	-	-

To fell by Retail or otherwise deal in Coffee, except Importers thereof, or Perfons licenced to fell Tea or Groceries	-

To manufacture Candles and Soap, or either of them, for Sale, viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the famej and. in any City or Town in Ireland fending a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Seftions House or Market t House or Market Place thereof In any other Part of Ireland To manufacture Paper Hangings for Sale *

To fell Paper Hangings, not being the Manufacturer thereof, viz. ' la the City of Dublin, or withfn the Circular Road surrounding the fame, and in any City or Town in Ireland fending a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or within t	Two	Miles	of	the Seftions House, or Mar*

ket House or Market Place thereof In any other Part of Ireland

4

Duty.

£. /• d*

8	8	o

4	4*

10	10	o

I	I	9

4 4	* 220

5 5	0

220 I I o

To

1

SCHEDULE.

To keep a Still or Stills to rectify or compound Spirits and Strong Waters, for every Gallon which such Still or Stills is or are capable of containing -To keep a Mill or Mills for making Paper; for each Mill To brew or make for Sale any Liquor called Sweets or made Wines	...

To make Mc theglinor Mead for Sale To make Vinegar for Sale	-

To fell Tea ana Groceries, or either of them, including Foreign Graces, Foreign Currants, Raiiins and Figs by Retail, viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the fame, and in every City, Town, and Place returning a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or withjn Two Miles of the Seilions House, or principal Market House or Market Place of any such City, , Town, or Place	-

In any other Part of Ireland -	*	•

To fell or make any Gold or Silver Plate, viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the fame, and in any City or Town in Ireland lending a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Seffion-Houfe or Market Place theieof In any other Part of Ireland To keep a Tan Yard or Tan Pit, or to tan Leather To dreis Hides and Skins in Oil To make Vellum or Parchment	*

To fell Spirituous Liquors in Quantities not less than Two Galions, and not exceeding Fifty Gallons in the several Places following, via.

' In the City of Dublin, and ’within the CirculaV Road surrounding the said City, and within the Diftri£t of the said Metropolis, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the Citv of Limerick (including all Places furroundea by the said Cities rcfpeftively, and that Part of the City of Limerick called St. Francis’s Abbey) or within the Town of Belfaft Within the Reft of the respective Counties of the said Cities of Corfe, Waterford, and Limerick, or within One Mile thereof respectively, or in any Place beyond the Circular Road surrounding the said City of Dublin and the Wall otHis Majefty’s Park the Phoenix, not more than Two Miles distant therefrom, or within One Mile of the Town of Belfaft, or of the publick Lamps therein In any other Place within the Diftrilt of the Ex-'	cife Office of Dublin beybnd the Circular Road

and Wall of His Majefty’s Park the Phoenix,

Duty*

o 10	6

22	at

5 5	<*

22	o

5 5	m

5 5	•

3 3	9

5	5	•

220 I	I	Q

I	X	o

I	1	9

5 •

*1 . 9 a

4

not

A*D.i8o8,

48®. GEO, III..

C, 4t«

*°9

not distant more than Five Miles therefrom, £, and within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, and the Towns of Ath-lone, BallinaOoe, Bandon, Carlow, Calhell, Caftlebar, Clonmell, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Ennifkilien, Galway, Kin-sale, Lilbume, Longford, Loughrea, Mallow,

Newij, New Rof9, Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford, and Youghall, and within One Mile of the Market House or Market Place there*

. in respectively -	-

In any other Parts of Ireland than those Parts 1 y before described	-	-

To fell Home-made Spirits on Commiffion or otherwise 10 zo in any Place in Ireland in Quantities no less than Fifty Galions, the Perfon so felling not being a licenced Diftiller -	-	-

To fell Spirits, not being Home-made Spirits, on Com* 21 million or otherwise in any Place in Ireland in Quantities not less than Fifty Galions, the Perfon so felling not being an Importer of such Spirits -To exercise the Trade or Buiinefs of a Brazier or 21 Worker in Brafs, Copper, Tin, or other Metal for making of Stills, Still Heads, and Worms of Stills; viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the lame, and in any City or Town in Ireland fending a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Sellions House, or Market House or Market Place thereof In any other Part of Ireland To keep a Malt House and make Malt for Sale, to be used in any Brewery or Diftillery; for each and every Cittern or Kiln, whichever fhnll be the greatett in Number in each and every Malt House xn which such Bufxnefs shall be carried on in the Places following; viz.

In the City of Dublin, and within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, and within the Dittrift of the Metropolis of Dublin, and in any Place beyond the said Circular Road and 'Wall of His Majefty’s Park the Phoenix, not more than Two‘Miles distant therefrom, or within the City of Cork, or the City of r	Waterford,	or	the	City	of	Limerick,	(includ

ing all Places surrounded by the said Cities relpe&ively, and that Part of the City of Limerick called Saint Francis’s Abbey) or within the Town of Belfaft Within the rest of the respective Counties of the laid Cities of Cork, Waterford, and Limerick,

d.

6

3

o

o

31 10 O

ox

I

■ Duty.

or within One Mile thereof respectively, or ip any other Place within the DiilriA ot the Excile Office of Dublin beyond the Circular Road and Wall of His Maiefty’s Park the Phoenix, not diffant more than Five Miles therefrom, or within One Mile of the Town of Belfaft, or of the publick Lamps therein, or within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, or the Towns of Athlone, Bal-• linaffoe, Baudon, Carlow, Cashell, Caftlebar, Clonmell, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Enniikilleri, Galway, Kinsale, Lii-burne, Longford, Loughrea, Mallow, New-ry, New Rofs, Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford, and Youghall, and within Pne Mile of the Market House or Market Place therein refpe&ively	-

In any other part of Ireland than those Parts before described	-	-	»

To fell Malt, the Party felling the fame not being li-. cenced to make Malt)	-

To brew strong Beer, Porter, or Ale, or Small Beer for Sale; for each and every Brewhoufe in the Places following, viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road furroundimr the said City, or within the Diftri& of the Metropolis, or beydnd the said Circular Road and* Wall of His Majefty’s Park the Phoenix, not more than Two Miles diffant therefrom; or within the City^of Cork ^ or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick, (including all Places surrounded by the said Cities reipefiively, and that Part of the City of Limerick called St. Francis’s Abbey), or within the Tcwn of Belfaft Wit. kin the Reft of the respective Counties of| the said Cities of Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, or within One Mile thereof refped-ively, or within One Mile of the Town of Belfaft, or of the pubhek Lamps therein, or In any Place within, the Diftrid of the Excife Office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and Wall of His Maiefty’s Park the Phoenix, not diffant more than Five Miles therefrom	....

Within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, and the Towns of Athlone, Ballinafloe, Bandon, Carlo w^Cashell, Caftlebar, Clonmell, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Enuiflcilien, Galway, Kinsale, Lifbume, Longford, Loughrea, Mallow, Newry, New Rofs, Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford, and

d.

21	O	O
lS	*5	0
21	0	•

-52 10

31	10

Youghall,

AD. i8o8.

48® GEO. IIL

C.4K

lit

Youghall, and within One Mile of the Market Houle or Market Place therein respectively -In any other Place in Ireland To ,keep a Tavern, Hotel, Club-house, or Coffee Houfe	.	-	.	.

To fell by Au&ion viz.

Within the Diftridfc of the Metropolis or within Six Miles of the Cadle of Dublin, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick, (including all Places surrounded by the said Cities respect ively, and that Part of the City of Limerick called Saint Francis's Abbey,) and within the rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities, and in the Town of Belfad In any other Part of Ireland To make Glafs Bottles, and other Veffels or Utenfils of Common Bottle Metal To exercise the Traide or Calling of a Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or other Trading Perfon going from Place to Place in Ireland, and travelling either •on Foot or with Horse or other Beall of Burthen, or otherwise carrying to fell or exposing to Sale any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize $ also Licences to travelling Tinkers and Callers of Iron and Metal, and to Perfons hawking about Tea or Coffee for Sale	-

And further, for every Horse or other Bead bearing or drawing Burthen, which such Perfon shall so travel with, or cause to be used for the Purpofe of carrying or drawing his, her or their Goods, Wares, or Merchandize To carry on the Trade of a Coach maker or Maker of any Carnage chargeable with Duty To carry on the Trade of felling Carnages chargeable with Duty by way of Auction or on Com-miffion * -To let to Hire any Horse for the Purpofe of travelling Pod by the Mile or from Stage to Stage

£, x. d* 26	5	o

zi o o

10 10

S 5

Any Requed, Note or Requifition for any Permit required to be granted by any Officer of His Ma-jedy's Revenue, or any Conyniffioner or Didribu-tor of Stamps, or other Perfon duly authorized to grant the fame, relative to any Excifeable or other Goods, and any Requed, Note or Requifition for any Certificate of any such Permit required by Law	-	-	-

Any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Inftru ment, or Writing, not charged with any other Stamp Duty; (except Indentures of Apprentice

o

2 a

2 O

0	5	5

0	5	5

2 o

o I •

(hip



Duties granted on Carriages, Dogs, Horfes, Hearths, Servants, and Windows, according to Schedules aanaxed.

In lira of Duties under 47 G. a. Seff. l.c. IS.

SCHEDULE.

Duty.'

(hip where no Apprentice Fee {hall be given, or if any be given, such Apprentice Fee |hall not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds;*)

If the lame {hall be iiigrolTed, written, or printed on only* one Skin or Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper And if the fame {hall be ingrofied, written, or printed on more than One Skin or Sheet or Jpjece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper;

Then,

On the First Skin or Sheet or Piece thereof	-

On every other Skin or Sheet or Piece thereof	...



o

o

©

/.

IO

ro

5

J-

a

o

CAP. XLIL

Ad A& to grant to his Majesty certain Duties and Taxes In Ireland\ in respect of Carriages, Dogs, Fire Hearth-, Horfes, Male Servants, and Windows, in lieu of former Duties and Taxes, in respect of the like Articles.

[27th May 1808.]

* Moll Gracious Sovereign,

•	TYTE, Your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal Subjc£U the Com-

*	VV mons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament aflexnblcd,

•	towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majefty’s pub-*‘lick Expences in Ireland^ have freely and voluntarily resolved to

#	give and grant unto Your Majcdy the Duties and Taxes herein-

*	after mentioned; and do mod humbly beseech Your Majedy that

*	it may be enacted and be it enabled by the King’s mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confcnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aftembied, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eight, there {hall be raised, levied, collected, ar.d paid unto Kis Majcdy, His Heirs and Succcflors, upon and in re/pe& of the several Car-

.riages, Dogs, Fire Hearths, Horfes, Male Servants, and Windows mentioned, specified, and exprefied in the Schedule to this A6t annexed, the several Sums of Money, Duties, and Taxes as they are respectively deferibed and fet forth in the said Schedule ; and the said Schedule, and all the Exceptions, Exemptions, and Regulations therein specified and contained, {hall be deemed and taken to be Part of this A& to all Intents and Purpofcs whatsoever 5. and the said Duties and Taxes shall be in lieu and instead and in full Satisfa&ion of all Duties and Taxes granted upon or in respect of the like Articles and Things in and by an A& made in the Forty-feventh Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An Aft to %rant to His Mayfly certain Inland Unties of Excife and Taxes in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in respect thereof in lieu of former Duties of Excife, and Taxes, and Drawbacks, or by any other A& or A6U in force in Ireland at the Time of the palling of this Ad, except only fuch

Duties

Duties as have been or shall or may be granted or imposed for certain local Purpofes in Ireland, by any Aft or Afts of Parliament, and which Duties are or may be appropriated to such local Pur-» poses by the A6b by which the said Duties are or shall be granted or imposed respectively, or by any other Aft or Afts.

“ Duties on Dogs, Carriages, Fire Hearths, Horfes, Male Servants, “and Windows under recited Aft, shall cease from cth January “ 1808. $ 2.”

III.	And be it further enacted, That all the Duties and Taxes by this Aft and the Schedule hereunto annexed, granted, and made payable, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable, according to the Amount thereof in Briii/b Currency; and that all and every the said Duties and Taxes granted by this Aft, the necef-fary Charges of railing and accounting for the feme being dedusted, (hail be carried to and m^de Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland; and that the Sum of Sixpence in the Pound, and all other Fees which shall or may be payable to the Lord High Treasurer or Com-miffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland,, Clerk of the Pells, or any other Officer of the Treasury of Inland» upon iffiiing or Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money out of the Confoiidated Fund of Ireland., shall be carried to the said Confolidated Fund, in Aid and Addition to the Duties hereby granted, and shall be accounted for accordingly.

IV.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That any Oven, or any fixed Boiler iu any Dwelling House, Outhouse, or Edifice appertaining thereto, shall not be deemed a Fire Hearth or Stove, or Place used tor Firing, within the Meaning of this Aft, or of the Schedule thereto annexed, or within the Meaning of the said recited Aft of the Forty-feventh Year aforefeid; and .that no Outhouse, Office, Building, or Edifice shall be deemed a Part of any Dwelling House,. or to be appertaining thereto, so as to authorize the including the Fire Hearths, Stoves, or Places for Firing, or the Windows in tuch Outhouse, Office, Building, or Edifice, in the Number of Fire Hearths or Windows, in respect of which such Dwelling House shall be chargeable with Duty, unless such Outhouse, Office, Building, or Edif ice shall be uninterruptedly connected with such Dwelling House, or shall be situated in some Court, Yard, or Place, immediately adjoining to such Dwelling House, or shall be uninterruptedly con* ne&ed with such Dwelling House, by Buildings, Yards, or Courts; and that every Fire Hearth, Stove, or Place for Firing in any Green-house, Confervatory, Gardener’s House, or other Office or Building, which is in or immediately contiguous to any Garden or Gardens, and occupied together with such Garden or Gardens, (ball be charged together, according'to the total Number of such Fire Hearths, Stoves, or Places for Firing in such Greenhouse, Confervatory, Gardener’s House, or other Office qr Building, as one distinct and entire Pofleffion, and not as appertaining to any Dwelling House; any Thing in this Aft or the laid recited Aft, or any other Aft or Afts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V.	And be it further enacted, That the Colleftors of the Taxes on Fire Hearths in their respective Walks or Divisions, or in cafe there (hal) be no such Collector, then some Officer appointed for that

48 Geo. III.	1	Purpofe

Duties payable inRritHb Currency, and carried to Irifil Confo&datad Fund.

Fee*.

Exemptions as to Ovens and Boilers, Out-houses, Greeo-housea, &c.

Colle&on, &c. (h all pod General Notices on Church Doom, fee. fee

A.D. i8o8.

Returns under 47G.3.ft.l.c.21. from Perfon* liable to the Duties.

Heufes with not more than Four Hearths built on Farms of not less than 10 Acres exempted from Hearth and Window Duty for 7 Yean.

C*42.	48?	GEO.	III.

Purpofe by the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, shall within Sixty-one Days after the palling of this Aft, and yearly within Sixty-one Days after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, and in each and every subsequent Year, canfe to be affixed on the Doors of the Church or Chapel, or Market House or publick School House, if any such there shall be, of every Pariffi or Place within the respective Walks or Divifions of such Colleftor or Officer, (andif any Pariffi or Place shall not have a Church or Chapel, Market House or publick School, then on the Doors of the Church or Chapel, or Market House of the neared or adjoining Parifh,) a general Notice to all Perfons residing in the said Pariffi or Place who, by an Ad of the Forty-feventh Year afore-said, are required to make out and deliver Lids or Accounts of Carriages, Servants, Horfes, and Dogs, that such Perfons shall make out the said Lids and Accounts, and deliver the fame directed to of for the said Colleftor of the Taxes on Fire Hearths, or to or for the said Officer appointed as aforesaid, at some House or Place within the said Pariffi or rlace to be (ignified in such Notice, within Twenty Days after the Date of such Notice $ and such general Notice ffiaU from Time to Time, when the fame shall be affixed, be deemed a Re-quifkion or Demand upon every Perfon within such Pariffi or Place to deliver in such,Lid8 or Accounts within the said Space of Twentv Days accordingly; and if any Perfon in such Pariffi or Place fhail neglect or refuse to make out and deliver such Lid or Account at the House or Place mentioned in such Notice directed in Manner aforesaid, within'the said Space of Twenty Days, or shall make or deliver any undue or false Lid or Account, every such Perfon shall for every (ucn Offence be subject and liable to the like Penalties, and Forfeitures, and Payments, as Perfons neglecting to deliver Lids or Accounts, or delivering any undue or false Lid or Account of Carriages, Servants, Horfes, or Dogs, are by any Aft in force in Ireland subject and liable, and the respective Colleftors and Officers shall cause the said general Notice to be from Time to Time^teplaced (if neceflaryl during the said Space of Twenty Days 5 and any rerfon who shall wilfully tear, deface, Or obliterate any such Notice so affixed, shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That any Dwelling House which at any Time after the palling of this Aft, shall be built on, and shall be held together with, any Farm in Ireland containing not less than Ten Acres, and in the Whole of which Dwelling Houie,. with every Outhoufe and Edifice appertaining thereto, there shall be not more than Four Fire Hearths or Stoves or Places for Firing, shall be exempted from any Duty under this Aft in respect of the several Fire Hearths, Stoves, or Places for Firing in such Dwelling House, with the Oothoufesand Edifices thereto appertaining, and also with respect to the several Windows in the fame, from the. Time when luch Dwelling House ffiall be first occupied, until the Fifth Day of January next after the End of Seven Years from the Time of such first Occupation ; and that during the said Term such Dwelling House, and the Occupier thereof, shall not be charged with nor rated to, nor shall pay any Duty for any such Fire Hearth, Stove, or Place for Firing, nor for any such Window, any Thing in this Aft or the Schedule hereto

annexed,

A.D. 1808.

48* GEO. III.	C.42.	US

annexed, or in any other Aft or Afts to the contrary notwithstanding :

Provided always, that filch Dwelling House shall be occupied together vith such Farm during the Whole of the said Period 5 and in Cafe such Farm shall not be To occupied therewith, the said Dwelling House and the Occupier thereof shall be charged and chargeable with the ‘ laid Duties in respect of the Fire Hearths, Stoves, or Place for Firing, and Windows therein respectively as any other Dwelling House and Occupier is chargeable under this Aft or any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That whether such Particular general Notice {hall be polled or not as aforesaid, the Colleftor of the Taxes on Fire Hearths, or any Officer appointed by or acting under JyOffico* the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland to collect requiring Return* or superintend the Colleftion of all or any of the Duties and Taxes from P«riona by this Aft granted, shall within Sixty-one Days after the palling of ,iaWte to d* this Aft, and yearly withia Sixty-one Days after the Fifth Day of Jnuary One thousand eight hundred and nine, and in each and in every subsequent Year, and at such other Days and Times as any such Colleftor or Officer shall be directed by the said Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, give and leave particular Notices with every Perfon in their respective Walks, Divisions, or Diftrifts liable or supposed to be liable to the Duties on Carriages, Dogs, Horfes, and Male Servants, requiring all such Perfons respectively to prepare and produce and to deliver to such Colleftor or Officer within Ten Days next after such Notice, the several Lifts and Accounts required to be delivered by any Aft of the Forty-feventh Year aforesaid, in Manner required by any such Aft.

“ Duties {hall be under Management of Excife Office, and levied as 41 under the Afts 47 G. 3. Jl. 1. r. 18. 8c 21 $ 14 & 1$ Cat. 2. c. 8. u 46 G. 3. c. 106, &c. § 8.”

SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.

SCHEDULE of DUTIES payable in Ireland on the several Articles* Matters* and Things therein mentioned.

COACHES and CARRIAGES.

Duty.

For and upon all the Carriages herein-after mentioned which any Perfon shall keep or have in his or her PofTeffion at any Time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year and the Fifth Day of January in the Year following, the several yearly Rates, Duties, add Sums following:

For and upon any Coach, Chanot, Berlin, Calasti, or Chaise, with Four Wheels, not exempt by Law ; and for and upon any Curricle, or otner Carriage with Two Wheels, drawn by Two Horfes abrealt, the yearly Sum of	-

For Two such Carriages, the yearly Sum of For Three such Carriages, the yearly Sum of For Four such Carriages, the yearly Sum of

I a

£. /• d.

8	8	O
H	*4	O
18	18	O
21	0 0 And	

SCHEDULE.

Duty.

Coaches and Caexiages—continued*

And for each and every Carriage above the Number of Four9 the further yearly Sum of And in all Cafes for every additional Body successively used on the fame Carriage, or Number of Wheels, the further yearly Sum of For and upon every Chaife with less than Four Wheels, not otherwise charged, nor exempt by Law, the yearly Sum of	-

For and upon every Car made use of and fitted up for carrying Perfons, commonly known by the name of a Jaunting Car or Pleafure Car, and for and upon every Carriage or Vehicle made u(e of as a Jaunting Car or Pleafure Car, by whatever Name such Carriage or Vehicle may be calied, the yearly Sum of -

j£.	/. d*

440

220 4.4	0

X I o

Exemptions.

6tage Coaches, Hackney Coaches, Hackney Chaifes, and Coaches and Chaifes, and other Carriages kept for Hire; except such as shall be kept for Hire by any Perfon letting out Horfes to travel Poft, or by the Mile, who shall charge, aemand, or receive a higher Rate of Payment for drawing any Carriage subject to Duty by this Aft travelling Poft by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, than such Perfon charges for his or her own Carriage of the Tame Denomination travelling Poft in like Manner.

All Carriages kept by any Perfon (not letting out Carriages for Hire) who shall, in respect of the ieveral Carriages kept by such Perfon in each Year, pay the full Sum of Twenty-five Pounds Four Shillings by way of Compofition for all such Carriages, before the 25th Day of March in any Year.

Carriages kept for Sale, for which a Duty of One ~

Pound or Ten Shillings shall have been paid by the Maker thereof, as herein-after mentioned:

For every Carriage chargeable with Duty under this Aft, which any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages shall make, build, or construct for Sale, the several and respective Sums following: that is to fay,

For every such Carriage with Four Wheels, the Sum of	-	...

For every such Carriage with less than Four Wheels, the Sum of

To be paid by the Coachmaker or Maker thereof.

For every Carriage chargeable with Duty under this Aft, which mall be fold by any Perfon in Ireland, by Auftion or on Commission, the several and respective Sums followings that is to fay,

For

Duty. j£«	!•	d*

100 o 10 o 1

1

SCHEDULE.

Coaches, Ice. (Exemptions)—continued.

For every such Carriage with Four Wheel*, the Sum of	-

For every such Carriage with lef* than Four Wheel*, the Sum 01	-

To be paid by the Au&ioneer, or Perfon felling the lame, over and above all other Duties on such Sale.

DOGS.

For every Dog of the several Defcrintions and Denominations following, which any Perfon shall have or keep either for h» or her own Ufe, or for the Ufe ot any other Perfon or Perfons, the several yearly Sum* following; that i* to lay,

For every Greyhound -For every Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier -	-	.

For every other Dog of whatever Defcription or Denomination the lame may be;

Where any Perfon shall have or keep Two or more Dogs	-	-

And where any Perfon shall have or keep only one such Dog and no more;

If such Perfon shall be subject to the Payment of Hearth Money, in respect of Four or more Hearths, or shall be subject to any Duty in respect of Windows -And if such Perfon shall be subject to the Payment of Hearth Money in respect of less than Four Hearths -	-	-

The said Duties to be paid by the Perfons refjpe&ively having or keeping such Dogs respectively.

Duty.

£. x. d.

I O O

o 10 o

100

o 10	o

o IO o

060

040

Exemptions.

Any Dog not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier, which any Perfon shall keep, who mall not be subject to arty Duty in respect of Windows or Fire Hearths, and who shall have or keep only One Dog and no more.

Any Dog or Whelp which shall not be actually of the Age of Six Calendar Months.

All Dogs kept by any Perfon who shall in respect of the several Dogs kept by such Perfon in each Year pay the full Sum of Thirty Pounds by way of Compofition for all such Dogs> before the Twenty-fourth Day of June in each Year.

13

FIRE

SCHEDULE.

FIRE I-JEARTHS.

For and out of every Dwelling House, in the Whole of which, with every Out-houfe and Edifice appertaining thereto, there shall be Two and not more than Twenty -eight Fire Hearths or Stoves, or other Places used for Firing, at any Time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year and the Fifth Day of January following, the several and rcfpe&ive yearly Rates following ; that is to fay,

In respect of 2 Fire Hearths

3	----------

4	--------=—

5	----------

6	----------

7 -8-

9"

10	-

11	-

12	-

I3>

14.

*5’

16	-

17	-

18	.

19.

20	■

21	■ 22 . *3-

24-

n-

26-

?8

Duty.

Yearly Rate on the House, for the whole Number of Hearths.

Whole of which, with every Outhoufe and Edifice appertaining thereto, there shall be more than Twenty-eight Fire Hearths or Stoves, or other Places used for Firing, in respect of each and every Fire Hearth or Stove, or other Place used for Firing in such Dwelling House, Outhouse, or Edifice, appertaining thereto, there ihall be paid the yearly Sum of -

Bate for each Hearth.

£.	A	d.	£.	1.	d.
0	4	6	0	2	3
O	7	6	b	2	6
O	12	0	0	3	0
0	17	6	0	3	6
I	4	0	0	4	0
I	11	6	0	4	$
2	0	0	0	5	0
2	9	0	0	5	6
3	0	0	0	6	0
3	11	6	0	6	6
4	4	0	0	7	0
4	*7	6	0	7	6
5	12	0	0	8	0
6	7	6	0	8	6
7	4	0	0	9	0
8	1	6	0	9	6
9	0	0	0	10	0
9	19	6	0	10	6
11	6	0	Q	11	0
12	1	6	O	11	6
*3	4	0	O	12	0
	7	6	O	12	6
*5	12	0	O	x3	0
16	17	6	O	l3	6
18	4	0	O	*4	0
19	11	6	O	*4	6
21	0	0	O	*S	Q
ouse,	in	the			

0 ij 4

E$E*moNs^

SCHEDULE.

Fire-Hearth s—continued.

Exemptions and Abatements.

His Majefty*8 Cattle of Dublin, or any House within the Circuit thereof, or any House or Tenement provided for the Refidence of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or of the Under Secretaries in his Office; and the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin; (haul be exempted from the said Duty on Fire Hearths.

Any House situate within the Diftri& of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within any City or Town, and containing Six Hearths or upwards, in which no Shop shall be kept for the Sale of any Goods, or in which no Spirituous or other Liquors shall be loid, and which (ball be wholly let for Lodgings, and occupied by Lodgers, each Lodging fet* to or occupied by one Perfon or Family, and such Lodging not confiding of more than One Room, shall not be charged with any higher Rate than Two Shillings for each Hearth or Firing Place therein.

Any Houle situate within the DiftriA of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within any City or Town, and containing Eight Hearths or upwards, the greater Part of the Rooms in which (nail be fet to or occupied by Lodgers, each Lodger not subject to a Rent exceeding Five Pounds yearly for such Lodging, though the fame shall be partly inhabited by the Owner, shall not be charged with any higher Duty than Two Shillings for each Hearth or Firing Place.

Any Hofpital, Charity School, or House provided for the Reception and Relief of poor Perfons, or any Gaol, Prifon, or Selfions House, or any Hall, Office, or other publick Building whatever in Ireland, shall not be charged in respect of Hearths therein, otherwise than in Manner hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay, all the Dwelling Rooms and Apartments in any such publick Buildings being occupied by any Officer of or belonging to, or employed in the fame, or by any Servant of such Officer, shall be deemed inhabited Houses, and shall be liable to the Tax on Hearths accordingly ; and the Perfons respectively by whom, or by whose Servants, such Roonis or Apartments are or shall be inhabited, shall be chargeable with, and liable to pay the said Tax, as Occupiers, of inhabited Houfes are by Law cnatgeable witbf and liable to pay the fame.

HORSES.

For all Horfes, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, which any Perfon or Perfons shall have or keep at any Time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Fifth day of January in the Year following, for the Purpofe of riding, or for the Purpofe of drawing any Carriage whatever chargeable with Duty (except Carriages kept for Hire in cafes where fiich Carriages

I4	fcaU

SCHEDULE.

Duty.

	X	d.
0	15	0
0	17	6
1	0	0
1	5	0
I	10	0
1	*5	0
2	0	0
2	5	0
2	10	0
3	0	0

Ho R s E s—continued.

(hall be so chargeable) the several yearly Sums following 5 that is to fay.

For One such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule Two, each	...

Three, each -	.

Four, each	....

Five, each	-

Six, each	...

Seven, each	-	,

Eight, each	...

Nine, each	-

Ten or more, each	-

And for every such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, kept and used by any Male Perfon never naving been married, an additional Duty in all Cafes equal to One Half of the Amount of the above Duties respectively.

Exemptions.

Any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, under Three Years old.

Any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, which shall be used truly and without Fraud for the Purpofe of Hulbandry only, on Land occupied bv the Owner of such Horse, or other Bead, or for the Purpofe of drawing any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage (except such Carriages as are liable to Duty), or carrying Burthens in the course of the Trade or Occupation of the Perfon or Perfons to whom such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule shall belong, although such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, shall be used for riding on the OcCafions and in Manner herein-after mentioned; that is to fay, when returning from any Place to which any Load or Burthen shall have by such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, been drawn or carried, or in going to any Place from whence any Load or Burthen shall be to be brought back by any such Horle, Mare, Gelding, or Mule; or for the Purpofe of procuring Medical Aifistance; or for the Purpofe of going to or from Market, or to or from any Place of publick Worflup, or to or from any Ele&ion of Members to serve in Parliament$ or to or from any Court of Juftice; provided such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, shall not, on any Occafion, be used for any other Purpose, save as aforesaid.

One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, used only for the Purpofe of * drawing any Carriage with less than Four Wneels, not chargeable with any Duty under this A&, by any Perfon occupying a Farm, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or by any Perfon carrying on a Trade and snaking a Livelihood solely thereby, or maxing a Livelihood by such Occupation and Trade jointly; or by any Ecclefiaftical Perfon not potieffed of an annual Income of £100 or upward^ whether arising from any Ecckfiaftical Preferment or otherwise.

One Horse, Mare, or Gelding, used by any Non-commiffioned Officer or Private* in any of the Regiments of Cavalry, or in the Artillery. l	One

SCHEDULE.

Hor $ £ s—(Exemptions)—continued*

One Horse, Mare, or Gelding, used by any Perfon enrolled or to be enrolied, and serving in any Troop of Yeoman Cavalry in Ireland* who shall have attended on horseback One Half at the least of the Number of Days appointed for him to exercise or be on Duty in the Year, and who shall produce a Certificate from the Com* manding Officer or permanent Serjeant of his having done so, and x>f Pay having been drawn for him for the said Number of Days.

RACE HORSES.

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, which any Perfon shall bona jide have or keep at any Time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Fifth Day of January in the Year following, for the Pur-pofe of racing or running for any Plate, Prize, or Sum of Money, or other Thing, or kept in training for any of the said Purposes, whether in the Stables of the Proprietor or Proprietors, or of any other Perfon or rerfon3; or which between the Times aforesaid shall have been entered, or shall have run for any Plate, Prize, or Sum of Money, there shall be paid annually by the Perfon or Perfons having the Cuftody, Charge, or Management of any such Horfes, Mares, or Geldings, over and above all other Duties, the yearly Sum of •

Duty.

£. /.

d,

MALE SERVANTS.

For eveiy Male Servant who shall be retained or employed by any Perfon in Ireland, at any Time between the 5th Day of January in any Year, and the 5th Day of January'in the Year following, there shall be paid the yearly Sums, Duties, and Taxes following; that is to fay,

For 1 Male Servant -	-	•

2	Male Servants,	each	•	-

3	Male Servants,	each

4	Male Servants,	each	-

5	Male Servants,	each

6	Male Servants,	each	-

7	Male Servants,	each

8	Male Servants,	each	-	-

9	Male Servants,	each

10 Male Servants, and upwards, each

And for each Male Servant retained or employed by any Male Perfon never having been married, an additional Duty in all Cafes equal to One Half of the Amount of the above Duties respectively.

To be paid by the Perfon who shall retain or employ such Male Servant or Servants, and to he paid for every Male Servant who shall be retained or employed

I	z	
I	11	6
2	2	‘ 0
2	7	0
2	12	0
2	17	0
3	2	0
3	7	0
3	13	6
4	0	.0

in

SCHEDULE.

Duty.

Male Servants—continued.

£.

in any of the following Capacities, that is to fay ; Maitre d* Hotel, House Steward, Matter of the Horse, Groom of the Chamber, Valet de Chambre, Butler, Under Butler, Clerk of the Kitchen, Confe&ioner, Cook, House Porter, Footman, Running Footman, Coacliman, Groom, Pottiilion, Gardener, Park Keeper, Game Keeper, Huntfman, or Whipper-in, or by whatever Name or Names Male Servants really acting in any of the said Capacities shall be called or known, or whether fucli Male Servants shall have been, or shall be retained or employed in one or more of the said Capacities, or in any other Bufinefs jointly with one or more of the fame.

For every Male Perfon employed by any Perfon in trade, or exercising any Profettion whatever, as a Clerk or Book Keeper, or Office Keeper (except Apprentices for or with whom no higher Sum than Twenty Pounds Sterling has been paid or contracted for as a Fee or Reward,) the yearly Sum of -	I

For every Male Perfon employed by any Perfon in trade as a Shopman (except Apprentices as aforefaid), for the Purpofe of expqung to sale or felling Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in such Shop or Warehouse, whether by Wholefale or Retail, the yearly Sum of 1

/. d.

1 0

I o

Exemptions.

Any Servant (other than such as are herein specified, and in respect of whom the Matter is subject to Duty), who shall be really retained or employed for the Purpofe of Hulbandry, or Manufa&ure, or of any Trade or Calling, by which the Matter or Miftrefs of such Servant shall earn a Livelihood or Profit, and who shall not at any Time be employed in any Capacity in respect of which a Tax is payable for any Servant.

Any Servant of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or any Butler, Cook, Gardener, or Porter of the College of tne Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Uublin ; or any Servant of the Royal Hofpital near Kilmainham, or of the Blue Coat Hofpital, or Lying-in Hofpital in Dublin, or of any Hofpital or Charitable Inftitution.

One Servant of any Officer serving in any Regiment of Horse or Dragoons, under the Rank or not receiving the Pay of a Field Officer, provided such Officer retains no more than one Servant ; and any Servant o£any Officer serving in any Regiment of Artillery, Infantry, or Marines, or Corps of Engineers, such Servant being actually a Soldier in the Regiment or Company to which such Officer shall belong ; and any Servant of any Officer in His Ma-jetty’s Navy, under the Rank of a Matter and Commander, in actual Employment, such Servant being borne upon the Books of the Ship to which such Officer ffiall belong.

Quo

schedule.

Malb Servants —(Exemptions) —cintinued.

One Servant of any Officer on Half Pay from His Majefty’s Navy, Army, or Marines, provided such Officer shall retain no more than one such Servant, only.

Duties.

WINDOWS.

For and put of every Tenement or Dwel ing House having more than Six Win dows or Lights there shall be paid th several and respective Yearly Rates so lowing ; that is to fay.

In relpeft of 7 Windows or Lights 8----------------------------

9	--------------

10 -------- —	—

n-----------------

12-------------    ■

,3----------------

14	---------------

15	---------------

16	■■ -	■	......

17	---------------

,8----------------

19----------------

so------- ■ ■

21	---------------

22 .... "

*3

24.

*5

And in respect of every Window or Light more than 25 in Number, there shall be paid for each such Window or Light the further yearly Rate or Sun) of 1	-

Yeariv Rate on the lk»uf** for the whole Number of Windows.

Rate for each

Window.

£.		d.		/•	d.
0	IQ	6	0	I	$
0	*4	0	0	I	9
0	18	Q	0	2	0
1	2	6	0	Z	3
1	7	6	0	z	6
1	13	0	0	2	9
1	*9	0	0	3	0
2	5	6	0	3	3
2	12	6	0	3	6
3	0	0	0	3	9
3	8	c	0	4	0
3	16	6	0	4	3
4	5	6	0	4	6
4	15	0	O	4	9
5	5	0	0	5	0
5	l5	6	O	5	3
6	6	6	0	5	6
6	18	0	0	5	9
7	10	0	0	6	p
		.	Q	6	0

Exemptions and Abatements.

Jiis Majefty’s Castle of Dublin, and any House within the Circuit thereof, and any House or Tenement for the Refidence of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or of the Undersecretaries in his Office; and the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin; shall be wholly exempt from the said Duties.

Any Warehoufe or Workhouse, being a distinct and separate Building, and not a part or Parcel of the Dwelling-house, nor Shop, nor occupied in Part, nor in the Whole as a Dwelling-house, but employed solely for the Purpofe of lodging Goods, Wares, or

Merchandize*

SCHEDULE.

Windows—( Exemptions	continued*

Merchandize* or for carrying on some Manufacture or Trade, although the fame may adjoin to, or have internal Communication with, the Dwelling-honle, shall be wholly exempted from the laid Duties.

If in any House containing Eight Windows or more, any Room or Rooms shall be occupied by any Lodger or Lodgers not paying respectively a Rent exceeding Five Pounds yearly for such Lodging, so much of the Tax on such House, in relpeft of all tne Windows or Lights therein, as shall in refpcft of the Windows or Lights in the Part of such House so occupied, exceed One Shilling for each Window or Light, shall be deducted from the whole Charge of such House.

Any Hofpital, Charity School, or House provided for the Reception and Relief of poor rerfons, or any Gaol, Prifon, or Seffions House, or any Hall, Office, or publick Building whatsoever in Ireland, shall not be charged in respect of Windows therein, otherwise than in Manner herein-after mentioned ; that is to fay, all the Dwelling-rooms or Apartments in any such publick Building, being occupied by any Officer of, or belonging to, or employed in, the fame, or by any Servant of such Officer; and all uich Rooms or Apartments not containing more than Six Windows or Lights, shall be charged with the Tax in respect of Windows at the Kate of One Shilling for each Window or Light therein ; and if such Rooms or Apartments shall contain more than Six Windows or Lights, then they shall be charged with the said Tax as if they were an entire House, and the Perfons respectively by whom, or by whose Servant, such Rooms or Apartments are or shall be in* habited, shall be chargeable with, or liable to pay the laid Taxes, as Occupiers of inhabited Houfcs.are by Law chargeable with, and liable to pay the fame.

Any Dwelling House or other Building, in respect of any Window which shall be occupied with, or used for a Loom, which shall be Handing at such Window, and really used in weaving.

Any Dwelling House wholly occupied as a Boarding School, for the Education of Children, and kept by a Perfon licensed to keep a School by the Ordinary of the Diocefc, or the Justices at Seffions, shall not be charged with any higher Rate of Tax than One Shilling for each Window or Light therein.

CAP. XLIII.

An A€i to suspend until the Eleventh Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Payment of all Drawbacks on Spirits made or distilled in Great Britain or Ireland^ and exported from either Country to the other refpcdtively.	[27th	May	1808	]

^7 Geo* Jl*\* c* 20. and^*2* c* 62*^

CAP.

A.D. i8o8

48° GEO. Ill*

125

0.44*

CAP. XLIV.

An Aft to prevent the Exportation of Wool to Ireland, before Bond given for the due landing thereof. [27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS it is expedient upon the Exportation of Wool to Ireland to require the Exporters to take out a Licence from 4 the Commiflioners of the Cuftomsjp* England and Scotland refpedt-* ively, and give Security for the due landing thereofbe it therefore enacted by the King's mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad* vice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual ana Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That no Wool, Woolfels, Mortlings, Shortlings, Combed Wool, Woolflocks, or Woollen Bay Yarn, Worded Yarn, Cruels, or Wool (lightly manufactured, which are prohibited from being exported by an ACt passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, jin ji3 to explain, amend, and reduce into one A3 of Parliament, several Law novo in being for preventing the Exportation of Live Sheep, Rams, and Lambs, Wool, Woolfels, Mortlings, Shortlings, Tarn, and Worjled Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, and other Manufaftures, or pretended ManufaSures,* made of Wool slightly wrought up, or otherwise but together, Jo as the fame may be reduced to and made Ufe of as Wool again, Mattrasses, or Beds duffed with combed Wool, or Wool ft for combing. Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco-pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, and from the Iffles of Jersey, Guernfey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, into Foreign Parts; and for rendering more effeSual an A3 passed in the Twenty-third Tear of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled,

4 An A3 for the winding of Wool,9 shall be put on board any Ship, VefTel, or Boat, to be exported to that Part of the Unitea King* dom called Ireland, until Notice be frit given to the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms in England and Scotland refpeCtively, or to the Colle&or and Comptroller of the Cuftoms at the Port from which * the fame is intended to be sent, of the Quantity, Quality, and Package, together with the Mark, Number, and Weight thereof, with tne Name of the Ship and Mafter on board which the said Goods are to be laden, together with the Name or Names of the Exporter or Exporters thereof, and the Place of his or their Abode, and the Names of the Perfons to whom the fame are con* signed; and also unless a Bond be first entered into, to the Ufe of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeftbrs, by such Exporter or Exporters with Two good and sufficient Perfons, whereof the Mafter of the VefTel on board which the fame shall be exported shall be one, to be approved of by the said Commiflioners respectively, or by the Colle&or and Comptroller of the Cuftoms, in Treble the Value of the said Goods so intended to be exported, that the fame shall (the Dangers of the Seas and Enemies excepted) be landed accord-ingly 5 nor unless a Licence be first taken out under the Hands of the Commiflioners or Chief Managers of the Cuftoms in England and Scotland respectively, for the Time being, or any Three of them, or from the Cuftomer or Colledtor and Comptroller of the Cuftoms where any such Bond is civen for the lacting, carrying, and landing thereof as aforesaid, which Licence they are hereby required to grant without any Tee or Reward, or any other Charge to the Perfon

demanding

Before Wool, See. (prohibited from being exported by 38 G. 3.c. as.)

(hall be exported from England or Scou land to Ireland, Bond shall bo siren for the due Exportation, and a Licence panted by tho Board of Cuf-toms, &c.

C. 44» 45> 4^*

48° GEO. III.

A.D.i8o&.

Penalty; Forfeituir of the Wool, VefTd, &c.

Bonds (halt he difehavged by Certificate of Officer «t the Port of landing i* Ireland.

demanding the fame, any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contraiy in anywise notwithstanding: And if any Wool or other of the .faid last mentioned Goods shall be carried or laden on board any Ship, Veffel, Bottom, or Boat, in order to be exported to Ireland before such Bond shall be entered into, and such Licence taken out as afore* said, then all such Wool and other such last mentioned Articles, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, together with the Ship, Veffel, Bottom, or Boat in which such Goods shall be laden or put on board, and all the Guns, Ammunition, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture of or belonging to such Ship, Veffel, Bottom, or Boat, for the Benefit of the Perlon or Perfons first informing thereof.

II.	And be it further enabled, That the Bonds hereinbefore directed to be entered into on the (hipping of the said Wool, and other the said Articles, shall not be discharged until a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the proper Officer of the Cuftoms, at the Port or Place in Ireland where the fame* shall have been landed, expressing the Quantity, Quality, and Package, Marks, Numbers, Name of the Ship and Mafter, out of which such Wool and other the said Articles were landed, shall be produced to and left with the proper Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms of the Port from whence the laid Goods were shipped, and which Certificate the proper Officers of the Port or Plfrce in Ireland at which such Wool and other the said Articles shall be landed, are hereby required to give the Mafter or Commander of the Ship or Veffel from which the fame shall be landed without Fee or Reward, when the fame shall be requested; and that all such Bonds as shall remain undi(charged by such Certificate for the Space of Six Calendar Months, shall be transmitted to the Commissioners of the Cuftoms at London and Edinburgh respectively, who are hereby required to put them in Suit immediately, unless Proof shall be made to the Satisfa&ion of the said Commissioners refpeft-ively for the Time being, that such Wool and other the said Articles were taken by Enemies or peri (lied in the Seas.

CAP. XLV.

An Aft for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth T)ay* of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland *r for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.	[27th	May	i8a8.]

[See 43 Geo. 3. r. 88. to which this AB is Jimilar> mu tat is mutandis.]

CAP. XLVL

An Aft for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.	[27th May 1808.]

[This is in allRefpeBs fimtlar to 47	2. c. 29. mutatis mutandis.

See 45 Geo. 3. r. 6a. and liefnences there.

CAP-

A.D > 18o8<

48° GEO. III.

.127

C*47«

CAP. XLVn.

An Act for quieting Pofieflions and confirming defe£iive Titles in Ireland, and limiting the Right of the Crown to sue in Manner therein mentioned; and for the Relief of Incumbents in respect of Arrears due to the Crown, during the Incumbency of their Predeceflors.	[27th May 1808.]

4 TT7 HE REAS by an Ad, parted in the Ninth Year of His pre-4 W sent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An Ad to amend and render 4 more effcBual an AS made in tie Twenty-jirjl Tear of tie Reign of 4 King James tie Firjl* intituled, 4 An Ad for tie general Quiet of 4 the Subiedi dgainft all Pretences of Concealment wiatfoever* it was * enacted, that the King’s Majelty, His Heirs and Succeflbrs, ftiould 4 not implead for any Manors, Lands, or Hereditaments whereon 4 the Right to such Lands, Manors or Hereditaments did not or 4 should not have accrued within Sixty Years next before the Commencement of any Suits instituted in respect of the fame: And 4 whereas it is expedient to limit in like Manner the Right and Title 4 of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeflbrs, in and to all Manors,

4 Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes and Hereditaments (except 4 Liberties and Franchifes) in Ireland to Sixty Years next before the 4 Commencement of any Suit or Proceeding for the fame, and to secure 4 to all His Maiefty’s Subjeds the free and quiet Enjoyment of all 1 Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes, and Hereditaments 4 which they or those under whom they claim respectively have held 4 or enjoyed, or whereof they have taken the Rents, Revenues, 4 Hues or Profits for the Space of Sixty Years next before the Com-4 mencement of any Suit or Proceeding for the lame;’ wherefore be ie cnaded by the King’s mod Excellent Maiefly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the King’s Majesty, His Heirs or Succeflbrs, (nail not at any Time hereafter sue, impeach, question or implead any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politick or Corporate in Ireland* for or in any wife concerning any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes, or Hereditaments whatsoever (other than Liberties or Franchifes) or for or in any wife concerning the Revenues, I flues, or Profits thereof, or make any Title, Claim, Challenge or Demand of, in, or to the lame or any of them, by reason of any Right or Title which hath not fird accrued or grown, or which shall not hereafter firil accrue or grow within the Space of Sixty Years next before the filing, issuing, or commencing of every such Adion, Bill, Plaint, Information, Commiflion or other Suit or Proceeding, as shall at any Time or Times hereafter be filed, iflufcd, or commenced for recovering the fame or in respect thereof, unless his Majesty, or some of hts Progenitors, Predeceflors, Heirs or Succeflbrs, or some other Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, under whom his Ma-jelly, His Heirs or Succeflbrs, any Thing hath or lawfully claimcth, or shall have or lawfully claim, have or mall have been in the actual Seifin thereof, or have or shall have been answered by force and virtue of any Right or Title to the fame, the Rents, Revenues, Iflues, or Profits thereof, or the Rents, Iflues, or Profits of any Honors,

5	Manors,

Brit. A&,

9G.3. c. 16, amending

Q1 Jac. 1. c.*»

His Majesty shall not sue (in Ireland) for any KfUte wlwaa tlte Right hath not accrued, nor shall first accrue* within 60 Yean before the Commencement of such Suit.

A.D. i Bo8*

TheSiiljeft

quieted on

rofleifion of 60 Yetn.

In what Cafes t'te Rents and profit? of Eftn’es shall ?>e deemed in durge.

Rererfions or Remainders in the Crown of any Cands shall not be impeached by this Afk, till 60 Yean after the Determination of the particular ElUte.

C.47.	48°	GEO.	Ilia

Manors, or other Hereditaments, whereof the Premifes in question shall be Part or Pareel, within the laid Space of Sixty Years, or that the fame have or shall have been duly in charge to Hie Majesty, or some of His Progenitors, Predeceffors or Anceftors, Heirs or Succeifors, within the said Space of Sixty Years: And that all and every Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Poutick and Corporate, their Heirs and Afsigns, and all claiming by, from, or under them or any of them, for and according to their and every of 'their several Eftatea and Interefts which they have or claim to have, or shall or may have or claim to have in the fame respectively, shall at all Times hereafter quietly and freely have, hold, and enjoy, again ft his Majesty, His Heirs and Succeftors, claiming by any Title which hath not first accrued or grown, or which shall not hereafter first accrue or grow within the said Space of Sixty Years, all and lingular Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes and Hereditaments whatfrever (except Liberties and Franchifes) which he or they, or his or their or any of their Anceftors or Predeceffors, or those from by or under whom they do or shall claim, or shall have held or enjoyed or taken the Rents, Revenues, IiTues or Profits thereof by the Space of Sixty Years next before the filing, issuing or commencing of every such Aftion, Bill, Plaint, Information, Commiflion or other Suit or Proceeding, as shall at any Time or Times hereafter be filed, issued or commenced for recovering the fame, or in respect thereof, unlefii his Majesty, or some of his Progenitors, Predeceffors or Anceftors, Heirs or Succeifors, or some other Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, by, from, or under whom His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeifors, any Thing hath or lawfully claimeth, or shall have or lawfully claim in the laid Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes, or Hereditaments, by force of any Right or Title have or shall have been in the actual Seifin thereof, or have been or shall have been answered by virtue of any such Right or Title, the Rents, Revenues, IiTues, or other Profits thereof, within the said Space of Sixty Years, or that the fame have or shall have been duly in charge as aforesaid within the said Space of Sixty Years.

II.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That where the Rents, Revenues, IiTues or Profits of any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Tythes or Hereditaments are or shall be in charge, by, to, or with any Auditor or Auditors, or proper Officer or Officers of the Revenue, such Rents, Revenues, Iffues and Profits shall be held, deemed and taken to be duly in charge within the Intent and Meaning of this Aft; any Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.	Provided always, That this Aft or any Thing herein con-, tained shall not extend to bar, impeach, or hinder His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeifors, of, for, or from any Manors, Tenements, Rents, Tythes or Hereditaments, whereof any Reverfion or Remainder now is in His Majesty, for or concerning the said Reverfion or Remainder, nor of, for, or from any Reverfion or Remainder or Pollihility of Reverfion or Remainder in any of His Majefty’s Progenitors, Predeceffors or Anceftors, which by the Expiration, End, or other Determination of any limited Eftate of Fee Simple, or of any Fee Tail cr other particular Estate, hath or ought to have first fallen or become in Poffeiiion, or which shall or may or ought hereafter first to fall or come in Poffelfion within the Space of Sixty Years next before the filing, issuing or commencing of any such Aftion, Bill, Plaint,

7	Information,

AJD. itot.

48° GEO, III.

C.4*

Information, Commission, or other Suit or Proceeding, or shall at any Time or Time* hereafter be filed, issued, or commenced for recovering the fame or in respect thereof; nor of, for, or from any Right or Title first accrued or grown to His Majesty, or any of His Progenitors,

Prcdecelfors or Anceftors, or which shall first accrue or grow to Hia Majesty, or any of His Heirs or Succeflors, of, in, or to any Manors,

Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes or Hereditaments, at any Time or Times within the Space of Sixty Years next before the filing, issuing, or commencing of any such A&ion, Bill, Plaint, Information, Com-mission, or other Suit or Proceeding, as shall at any Time or Times hereafter be filed, iifued or commenced for recovering the fame or in respect thereof, and not before.

IV.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That all and lingular the Lands shall he said Manors, Lands, Tenements, Tythes and Hereditaments, shall holden of the at all Times hereafter be holden of His Majesty, His Heirs and Sue-

ceffors, and of other Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, ^wrio^u ^ their Heirs and Succeffors respectively, by the fame Tenures, Ser- putlfTi 1 vices. Fee Farms, Chief Rents, Quit Rents, Heriots, and other Duties, to all Intents and Purpofes as the fame should or ought of right to have been holden if the E dates, Rights and Interefts established and made sure by this present A& had been before the making of this A& firm and effc&ual in Law: Saving to every Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, their Heirs and Succeflors (other than His most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Succeflors) all such Rights, Title, Interect, Estate, Rents, Commons, Cuftoms,

Duties, Profits, and other Claims and Demands whatsoever, into or out of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, Tythes or Hereditaments, as they or any of them had or ought t6 have had before the palling of this A£t; any Thing in this Ad to the contrary notwithstanding.

V.	Provided also, and be it enacted. That where any Fee Farm Where Kents

Rent, or other Rent or Rents have been or shall be answered and	P**?	J®

a&ually paid to the King-s Majesty, or to any of His Predeceflbrs,	wlt™

Heirs or Succeflors, within the Space of Sixty Years next before any

A&ion, Bill, Plaint, Information, Cpmmission, or other Suit or Pro- ptjibl* ceeding shall at any Time or Times hereafter be filed, iifued or commenced for recovering the fame, or in respect thereof, out of any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments, of which Manors, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments, the Estates,

Rights or Interefts being defective, are eftabli(hed and made sure by this present A&, that His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeflors, shall from henceforth for ever have, hold, and enjoy the said Rents and Arrearages thereof in such Manner and Form and as fully and as amply as the fame are or were enjoyed at any Time within the said Space of Sixty Years.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Rents Incumbents off or other Dues in the Nature or Lieu of Rents now. are or shall here- Benefices shall after become due and payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Sue- JJJItawof1le** ceffors, out of or chargeable upon any Re&ories, Vicarages, Curacies Qow”j^otg or other Ecclefiafticaf Benefices, or payable by the Re&ors, Vicars, acciued before Curates, or other Ecclefiaftical Perfons, the Incumbents thereof the.rlncum-refpe&ively having respectively actual Cure of Souls, such Re&ors, bency.

Vicars, Curates, or other Ecclefiaftical Perfons, or any of them,

(hall not be subject or liable to, or compellable to pay or satisfy to His Ma , Hia Heirs or Succeflors, any Arrear or Arrears of

48 Geo.

K

fuch'

A.D.i8o8.

*130	€.47,48,49.	48°	GEO. III.

fuch Rent or Rents, or other Dues which shall have accrued or shall hereafter accrue due and payable before the accruing of the Title of such Redor, Vicar, Curate or other Ecclefiaftical Perfon to such Redories, Vicarages, Curacies or other Ecclefiaftical Benefices aforesaid; and that no Diilrefs, Adion, Suit or other Proceeding whatsoever shall be made, brought, commenced or prosecuted against any such Rcdor, Vicar, Curate, or other Ecclefiaflical Perfon during his Life, or against his Lands, Tenements, Goods or Chattels after his Death, for any such Arrear or any Part thereof.

CAP. XLVin.

An A£t to enable His Majefty's Poftmafter General of Ireland to purchase Premifes for the Enlargement of the General Poft Office in the City of Dublin.	[27th May	1808.3

u Irijb Ad, 2X Sc 24 G.e, 17. and British Ad, 24 G. 3. r. 6* u recited. Poftmafter General of Ireland empowered to contract for 44 the PurChafe of Buildings, &c. for making Addition to the General Poft Office. § 1. In cafe the Parties cannot agree. Value of Pre-44 mises shall be afeertained by a Jury. § 2. On Payment of Purchafe “ Money, Conveyances of Premifes shall be made to the Poftmafter “ General. § 3. Guardians and Perfons seised of Premifes for Life, “ empowered to convey the fame. § 4. Such Conveyances shall 44 be valid. § 5. In cafe Parties refuse to execute Conveyances, Court 44 of Chancery empowered to convey. § 6. Penalties shall be re-44 covered by Civil Bill. § 7.”

CAP. XLIX.

*JG.3. C. 38.

(repealing 23 G.8,c. 50.)

22 G. 0. e. 81.

repealed.

45 G. 3. e. 58.

$ 6, 8, 9. as to Periods of making

An AGt for accelerating the making up. Examination, and Audit, of the Accounts of the Paymafter General of His Majefty’s Forces.	[27th May 1808.]

4 TT7 HERE AS an Ad was pafTed in the Forty-fifth Year of His 4 VV present Majefty's Reign, intituled. An A3 to repeal an A3 4 made in the Twenty-third Tear of His present Majesty, for the better 4 Regulation of the Office of Paymajler General of His Majefty* s Foroes, 4 and the more regular Payment of the Army> and for the more ejfcQually 4 regulating the said Office : And whereas it is expedient that some 4 of the Provifions of the said Ad should be,repealed, and that further 4 and more cffedual Provifions should be made for making up, ex-4 amining, and auditing the Accounts of the said Office: And 4 whereas it is expedient that an Ad, pafTed in the Twenty-fecond 4 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An A3 for 4 the better Regulation of the Office of Paymajler General of His Ma-€jcfly9s Foroes, should be repealed 5' be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the patting of this Ad the said recited Ad, pafTed in the Twenty-fecond Year of His present Majefty's Reign, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Ad of the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as

regulates

A.D.i8q8.	48° GEO, III.	C.49.

regulates the Mode of making up the Accounts of the Paymafter General for the Time being, and of transmitting the fame to the Commiflionerft for auditing the publick Accounts for Examination, and of declaring the fame, and of acquitting the said Paymafter thereupon ; and also the making out and keeping the Accounts for Army Services in Places beyond the Cape of Good Hopey or Cape Horn, and transmitting the fame to the {aid Commiftioners for auditing the publick Accounts for Examination, and declaring the fame, and making out Acquittances for the fame, shall be and the fame i9 hereby repealed as to all Accounts to be made up and transmitted for Periods subsequent to the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and feten.

III.	And be it further enabled. That from and after the parting of this Aft the Paymafter General shall make up an Annual Account, ending on the Twenty-fourth Day of December in each Year, of all Monies received and Payments made by him within the Period of the said Account, to be intituled, “ The General A nnual Account of the Paymafter General of His Majefty’s Forces 5” in which Account the Paymafter General shall charge himself with the Balance actually transferred to his Account at the Bank of England from the Account of the preceding Paymafter General, or with the Balance brought forward from his Account for the Year preceding (as the Cafe may be) and also with all Sums carried to his Account at the Bank within the Period of the Account; and all such Balances and Sums of Money shall be stated in the Account so to be made up, in the Order in which they were actually, in point of Time, placed to the Account of such Paymafter General with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and the said Paymafter General ftiall state, on the Credit Side of such Account, vail Sums paid by him within the Period of the said Account, under or in pursuance of any Aft of Parliament, or by virtue or in pursuance of any Warrant under His Majefty’s Royal Sign Manual, or of any Warrant granted by the Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of the Trea-fury, or any Three or more of them, or the Secretary at War, arid fhau also, in such General Annual Account, place on the Credit Side thereof all Sums of Money issued to or transferred to the Account of any Perfon or Perfons for the Payment of Half-pay, or of Penfions on the Compaflionate Lift, or the Eftabliftiment of Chelsea Hofpital; and also all Sums of Money paid by him on account of any Bills drawn by any of his Deputies on Foreign Stations under the Warrant of any Officer commanding in Chief on such Foreign Stations respectively ; and all Monies paid or remitted to any such Deputy or Deputies; and all such Sums shall be stated in the Accounts in the Order in which such Bills were paid, or such Monies paid, ifTued, transferred, or remitted as aforesaid.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That at the Time of making up such General Annual Account as aforesaid, the said Paymafter General shall make up also separate Accounts of Monies received and paid within the Period comprized in the said General Account, on account of Half-Pay, and of Chelsea Hofpital, and of Penfions on the Compaflionate Lift respectively; and in every such separate Account the Balance remaining from the Account of the preceding Year, applicable to the Payment of Half-Pay, or of the Eftablifhmeat of Chelsea Hofpital, or of Penfions on the Com-

k 2	paffionate

131

up and auditing Paymaftrr’a Account!, repealed.

Paymafter (hall

make tip Accounts to 29th December, annually, in the Mule hereby prei'eribed.

Separate Accounts shall at th** fame Period h° made up of HaH-Pav, Chel-fci Hofpital» an<J Penfions on Compaflionat®

Lilt.

.13*

C« 4JT.

48° GEO. III.

A.D.1808.

Mode of tranf-nitting the said Accounts to Auditor's Office, and of their declaring and giving Quietus upon such Accounts; without waiting for Vouchers from Deputy Pay-mnfters on foreign Stations.

Accounts of Deputy Pay-mafter» for Services on Foreign Stations Ihall be made up within 18 Months; transmitted to Auditor's Office, and declared, and a Quietus aerxeon.

paflionate Lift respectively, and all Monies placed from Time to Time to the Account of such Services respectively, within the Period of the General Account, and which shall have been so inserted in the General Account as before directed on the Credit Side thereof, shall be placed on the Debit Side of such separate Accounts respectively; and all particular Payments made out of any Sums of Money so placed on the Debit Side of such separate Accounts respectively, for which proper Vouchers shall be produced, on account of Half-Pay, Chelsea Hofpital, or Penfions on the Compaflionate Lift, shall be placed on the Credit Side thereof; and all such Receipts and Payments shall be ftattd in such separate Accounts under each respective Head, in the Order, in point of Time, in which the fame respectively took place.

V.	And be it further ena&cd. That the General Annual Account of the Paymafter General for the Time being, so made up as afore-said, together with such separate Annual Accounts of Half-Pay, Eftablifhment of Chelsea Hofpital, and Penfions on the Compaflionate Lift, for each Year ending on the Twenty-fourth Day of December, with proper Vouchers, shall, within Three Months after the Twenty-fourth Day of December in each Year, be transmitted to the Com-miflioners for auditing the publick Accounts, who shall and they are hereby directed and required, with the lead pofiible Delay after the Receipt thereof, to examine or cause to be examined the fame ; and shall discharge the said Paymafter General of all Sums paid*in pur-fuance of aiiy A& of Parliament or Warrant as aforesaid; and the said Commiflioner8 shall, after such Examination, and withont waiting for Vouchers of Payments made by the Paymafters General through their Deputies on Foreign Stations, present or cause to be presented to the proper Officer for Declaration, the said General and separate Annual Accounts as aforesaid, specifying the Amount discharged by proper Vouchers, and the Amount with which the Paymafter General dill remains charged for the Year, on account of Payments made by their Deputies on Foreign Stations as aforesaid, andalfo specifying the Sums of Money with which the Paymafter General is to remain charged for the succeeding Year on account of Balances (if any) remaining on such General and separate Annual Accounts as aforesaid; and when such Account so discharged by proper Vouchers as aforesaid shall be declared, a Quietus or Acquittance in the usual Form shall be made out to the Paymafter General, his Heirs, Executors, and Adminiftrators for such Account so declared as aforesaid.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling of this A&, the Paymafter General shall make up, in like Manner, another Annual Account, ending the Twenty-fourth Day of December in each Year, to be intituled, “ The Annual Account of .the Pay-

mafter General of His Majefty’s Foroes, for Monies paid within ** the Period of the said Account by his Deputies on Foreign “ Stations;” which Account shall be transmitted to the Commiflioners for auditing the publick Accounts as far as the fame can be made up, within Eighteen Months after the Period of the said Account; and the said Commiflioners for auditing the publick Accounts shall and they are hereby directed and required, with the least pofiible Delay, to examine or cause to be examined the lame, and shall discharge the said Paymafter General of all Sums of Money paid by any Deputy

Warrant of the Officer com-

on any Foreign Station under the Warrant

manding

A.D. 1808.	480	GEO. III.	.	C49.	133

mending in Chief on such Foreign Station, and as soon as the fame shall have been examined, the said Commiflioners Ihall in like Manner present such Account for Declaration, specifying the Sums of Money with which the Paymader General is to remain charged for the fuc-cceding Year, on account of Balances, if any, remaining on such Account; and when such Account, discharged by proper Vouchers as aforesaid, shall be declared, a Quietus or Acquittance in the usual Form ihall be made out .to the Paymader General, his Heirs,

Executors, and Adminidrators* for such Account so declared as aforesaid, and the Paymader General shall remain charged in his Account of the following Year, with such Balances, if any, on such Annual Accounts respectively, as shall have been so fpecided as aforesaid s Provided always that the Paymader General shall at the Further Ac-fame Time that he transmits to the Commiflioners for auditing the counts under publick Accounts such Annual Accounts so made up as aforesaid,	ol ™

tranfmit to them any Accounts for the fame Year made up in fuch	Ul*"

other Manner as the Lords Commiflioners of the Treasury shall direct, for the greater Convenience of Examination and Audit.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing id Mode of ext-this Ad shall becondrued to vary or alter the Mode of examining the mining Weft-Account of any Deputy Paymader in the IVeJl Indies or on the Con- ****** Accouut* tinent of South America, as directed by an Ad of the Forty-fixth ^de”46G,*3. Year of His present Majedy, intituled, An Ad to provide for the c. so.

more ejfedual Examination of Accounts of the Expenditure of the publick Money in the Wed Indies, and for the better Difcovery of Frauds and Abufes therein•

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That in the Event of the Death, Making up Rcfignation or Removal of the Paymader General, in the course of Acc<*,ntf* ■** the Year, the Account shall be so made up as to include and didin-

guilh the actual Payments of each Paymader General within the Year, De&tlf or Re-aud to specify and didingui(h the refoedive Balances, if any remaining, moral of a 1 on the Death or Removal of any Paymader General on his several matter, within Accounts aforesaid, and transferred over to the succeeding Paymader ^eax* General, so as to enable the Commiflioners for auditing the publick Accounts to didingui(h each Account, and examine and declare the Accounts of any Paymader General, so dying or going out 0} Office, as a separate and distinct Account; and the Transfer of such Balances to any succeeding Paymader General (ball be a sufficient Difcharge to the Heirs, Executors, or Adminidrators of any Paymader General so dying, or to any Paymader General going out of Office, for the Amount of such Balances; and a Quietus aud full Acquittance shall be given to the Heirs, Executors, or Adminidrators of any Paymader General so dying, or to the Paymader General, or His Heirs,

Executors, or Adminidrators so going out of Office, for his General Account and several and distinct Accounts as aforesaid, when and as soon as the fame fh?ll have been examined and declared ; and the succeeding Paymader General shall become charged with the Balances so transferred as aforesaid.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of Psymafter in 1us this Ad the Paymader General, in the first Memorial in every Month MonJ^n presented by him to the Lords Commiflioners of the Treasury for Supplies of Money, shall insert in such Memorials the Balance of a(K) the out-pubhek Money on his Account in the Hands of the Governor and (landing Drafts Company pf the Bank of England, together with an Account of all thereon only.

.	'	K	3	Exchequer	{^,®***

*34

A.D.i8o8.

No Officejflace,

or Employment ihtll be granted in Reverfionor for joint Live*.

Grants mad« co’iirary to tills Att void.

Salaries, &e. rervived under such Grants forfeited.

Exception as to Grunts by *xi Uing Judges,

C*49»5o*	48°	GEO.	in.

Exchequer Bills delivered to the Paymader General which shall not have been disposed of, and the Produce thereof carried to his Account at the Bank, together with an Account of all out (Ian ding Drafts with which such Balance is chargeable, without dating any Claims or other Demands upon the said Balance; any Thing in the said recited A& of the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of Hi3 prei'ent Majedy to the contrary notwithdanding.

« Adi may be altered this Seifion. § 10.’*

CAP. L.

An AGt to suspend the granting of Offices in Reversion, or for joint Lives with Benefit of Survivorflup, for One Year after the palling of this Act, and from thence until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Seffion of Parliament.

[37th May 1808.]

•	TXT HERE AS it is expedient for the Public Service, with 4

*	Vw view to Inquiries now depending in the House of Com-

*	mons, that the granting of Offices in Reverfion.. or for joint Lives

•	with Benefit of Survivorffiip, ffiould be fufpehded for a limited f Time;’ May it therefore please Your Majedy that it may be enacted ; and be it enabled by the King’s mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That for one Year after the passing of this Ad, and from thence until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Seflion of Parliament, no Office, Place, Employment or Salary* within His Majedy’s Dominions, nor any Emoluments arising there-from, Ihali be granted in Reversion, or for joint Lives with Benefit of Survivorffiip, or for any Two or more Lives in Succession, by His Majesty, His Heirs and SucceiTors, or by any Board or De-, partment of Government, or by any Chief Judge or Officer of any Court of Law or Equity, or Ecclcfiadical or Admiralty Court; except as is herein-after excepted.

II.	And be it further enabled, That every Grant or Appointment which may hereafter be made contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be to all Intents and Purpofes void.

III.	And be it further enacted, that all Salary and Emolument received under any such Grant or Appointment shall be forfeited, and may be recovered by Information in the Court of Exchequer, at the Suit of His Majedy’s Attorney General, to the Ufe of His Majedy, His Heirs and SucceiTors.

IV.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained (ball extend or be condrued to extend to prohibit or make void any Grant or Appointment made or to be made by any Chief Judge or Officer o£ any Court of Law or Equity, or Ecclefiadical or Admiralty Court; or by any Archbiffiop or Biffiop of any See, holding such Appointment or Office on the Day of the passing of this A£t, or by any Officer or Officers appointed or to be appointed by any such Chief Judge, or by any Perfon or Perfons having Power to appoint to Offices in the said Courts, in relation to any Office or Appointment iu any of the said Court* which before the passing of this Act might

48° GEO. III.	C 50—54.

by Law be granted in Reversion, or for joint Lives with Benefit of Survivorfhip $ nor to prohibit the Appointment of Affiftants and Scotch Clergy. Sucpeflbrs tp the Parochial Clergy of Scotland.

CAP. LI.

An Aft for making Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officer* of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied.

[ijthMay 1808*]

[In all Refpeds the fame at 47 Geo, 3 .Jl. a. c, 32. mutatU mutandis. ]

CAP. LII.

An Aft to reyive and continue, until the Twentyrfifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, and amend so much of an A cl, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Tears of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Aft of the fame Seflion of Parliament.

[27thAf/?y 1808.]

42	G. 3. c. 64. to which this Ad isftmilar, mutatis mutandis

CAP. LIII.

An Aft for railing the Sum of Three Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.	[27th	May 1808.]

* Treasury may raise 3,000,000/. by Loans and Exchequer Bills in M like Manner as is preferibed by 48 G. 3. e. 1.—§ 1, 2. Intereft 3/. per Centum per Annum, from 5 April, 1808 payable yearly until 44 6 Months after Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace. § 3.

« Said Bills if not duly paid off, shall bear Intereft of 5 per Cent. § 4.

“ When the 3 per Cent. Confols shall be 80/. per Cent. or more, the said Bills mail become payable, &c. f 5. Bank of England au« thorized to advance ^he laid Sun} on the Credit of this Act. § 6.’*

CAP. LIV.

An Aft for railing the Sum of One Million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.	[27	th	May 1808.]

u Treasury may raise 1,500,000/, by Loans and Exchequer Bills in u like Manner as is preferibed by 48 (?. 3. c. I.—§ 1, 2. Said Bills “ shall be paid out of the First Supplies in next Seffion. § 3. Intereft “ 5/. her Cent, per Annum. § 4. Said Bills may be taken in Payment “ of the Revenue, &c. after April 5, 1809. § 5. Bank of England “ authorized to advance the said Sum on the Credit of this A£h § & f* Aft may be altered this Seffion. § 7.”

K 4	C	A	P%

48* GEO. 111.

• 18o8<



C. jjj

49 G.S. e. 161.

45 G. 9. C. 13.

46G.9.C.78.	<

Duties in the Schedules ( A) to (K;fluill be levied instead of ionuer Duties.

CAP. LV.

An Ad for repealing the Duties of Affcffed Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof, and certain additional Duties to be consolidated therewith \ and also for repealing the Stamp Duties on Game Certificates, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof, to be placed under the Management of the Commiflioners for the Affairs of Taxes. [ift June 1808.]]

* Mod Gracious Sovereign,

*	TT7 E, Your Majefty’s most dutiful and loyal Subje&s, the 4 VV Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and 4 Ireland in Parliament afiembled, thinking it expedient that the 4 Duties granted by Two Ads of the Forty-third and Forty-fifth 4 Years of the Reign of Your Majesty, ftiould be confoli dated with ' the additional Duties granted on the Amount of the said Duties,

by an Ad of the Forty-fixth Year of the Reign of Your Majesty,

*	have, towards railing the necessary Supplies to defray Your Ma-

*	jelly's Publick Expences, and making a permanent addition to the 4Publick Revenue of Great Britain, freely and voluntarily refolved

*	to grant certain additional Duties, to be also consolidated with the 4 fair! forire»- Dut:es, in the Manner and to the Amount contained in 4 the respective Schedules hereunto annexed ; and we do mod humbly 4 beleech Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament ailemblcd, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight, in that Part of Great Britain called England» the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Ber^wich-uponT^eed, and from and after the Term of Whitjunday One thousand eight hundred and eight, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in lieu and instead of the Duties granted by or contained in the said several recited Afts, and hercin-after repealed, and for the Purpofe of making such permanent Increafc as aforesaid, there shall be affeffect, raised, levied, and paid unto and for the Ufe of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succcffors, upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, as fet forth in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (A A ; and upon Inhabited Houfes as fet forth in the Schedule to this A & annexed, marked iB.); and upon all Male Servants and other Male Perfons retained or employed by any Perfon or Perfons in any of the several Capacities mentioned in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (C.) ; and upon all Carriages of any of the Defcriptions mentioned iu any of the Schedules to this Aft annexed, marked (D.) ; and \ipon all Horfes, Mares, and Geldings, kept by any Perfon or Perfons for any of the Purpofes mentioned in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (E.); and upon all other Horfes, Mares, or Gcldingr, not before'charged, and upon Mules, described in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked {F.); and upon all Dogs of any of the Defcriptions mentioned in tne Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked

iG.) ; and upon all Horse Dealers residing within the respective .imits deferibed in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (H.); find upon all Perfons in respect of wearing or using Hair Powder, or

any

137

48° GEO, IIL	C.55.

any Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, as respectively fet forth in the

Schedules to this A61 respectively annexed, marked (I.) and ( K.} the several new and Confolidatcd Duties respectively inserted, defen bed, . and fet forth in the said several Schedules respectively marked as aforesaid ; which several Schedules, and the Duties therein respectively contained, and the Rules therein respectively mentioned, shall be | deemed and construed a Part of this A6t, as if the fame were incorporated therewith, and under a special Enadment.

I II. And be it further enacted, That the Duties contained in the several Schedules annexed to the /aid Ad, palled in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled* An Ad for repealing the several Duties under the Management of the Commiffioncrs for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof for granting new Duties in certain Cafes therein mentioned, for repealing 'the Duties of Excife on Licences, and on Carriages conRruSed by Coach-makers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the Management of the said Commiffioncrs for the Affairs of Taxes, and also new Duties on Perfons felling Carriages by Auction or on Commiffton; and also the Duties contained in the Schedule annexed to the said Ad, parted in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An Ad for granting to His Majesty additional Duties, in Great Britain, on Horfes used for ridings or for drawing certain Carriageand for consolidating the said additional Duties with the present Duties thereon; and also the Duties contained in the said Ad, parted in the Forty-fixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall, at and upon the respective Periods appointed tor the Commencement of the Duties granted by this Ad, severally cease and determine: Save always and except the several Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Penalties, Matters, and Things contained in the said laft-mentioned Ad of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for ascertaining, aifesting, colleding, levying, paying and accounting for the said Duties, which Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Penalties, Matters, and Things ihall be and are hereby respectively continued in full Force and Effed for the ascertaining, artesting, colleding, levying, paying, and accounting for the Duties granted by this Ad; save also and except in all Cafes relating to the ascertaining and afteffing any of the said Duties hereby repealed, which at any Time after the respective Periods before mentioned for the Commencement of the Duties granted by this Ad, shall not have been charged within the Year for which the said Duties ought to have been charged; and also save and except as to the recovering, colleding, paying, or accounting for auy Arrears of the several Duties hereby repealed, which may remain unpaid at the said Periods respectively as aforesaid; and any Penalties or Forfeitures then incurred.

“ Stamp Duty on Game Licences under 44 G. 3. c. 98. repealed from u June 30, 1808. § 3.”

IV.	And be it further enacted. That in lieu of the Duties hereby repealed, there shall be annually assessed, raised, levied, and paid, to and for the Ufe of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succertors, upon every Perfon who shall, after the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, use any Dog, Gun, or Net, or other Engine, for any of the Purpofes mentioned in the Schedule marked (L.) to this Ad annexed, the respective Duties therein respectively mentioned ‘	sind

Former DutuP repealed.

43 G. 3.C.1&1*

45 G. 3. C. 13.

46 G. 3. c. 78.

Duties granted by this A& shall, he levied under the Regulations of 43 G. 3. c. 161. as also Duties repealed, which have not been duly charged, and Arrears of said Duties.-

Duties in reTpeft of killing Gams Schedule (L)

A,D.i8o3..

Duties fcall be alfeftcri and colle&etl, &c. undct the Powers of the fallowing A&s? Vtt. 43G.U.

C. 99.

4* G. 3. C. ^50,

43 G.3. c. 161.

45 G. 3. C. 5.

45 G. 3. C. 71. 45 G. 3. c. 95.

46 G. 3. c. 14.

C.55.	4&0 GEO. III.

and fet forth 5 which Schedule, and the Duties and Rules therein contained, {hall be deemed and construed to be a Part of this Ad as if the fame were incorporated therewith under a special Ena&ment.

V.	And be it further enacted, That the said Confoiidated and New Duties shall be afTelfed, raised, levied, paid and accounted for, under the Provilions and Regulations of the several Adis herein-after mentioned respectively, and as the fame are rcfpedively applicable to Great Britain, or the respective Parts of Great Britain before mentioned ; videlicet, One Ad patted in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, jin Ad for consolidating certain of toe Provifions contained in any Ad or Ads relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commffioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and far amending the fame; One other Adi, pafiea in the fame Year of ’the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Ad far consolidating certain cf the Provifions contained in any Ad or Ads relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commffioners far the Affairs of Taxes, and far amending the said Ads fa far as the fame relate to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; One other A£t, patted in the fame Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Ad for repealing the several Duties under the Management of the Com-ruff oners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof j for granting new Duties in certain Cafes therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excife on Licences, and on Carriages con-Jlruded by Coach makers, and granting ne%u Duties thereon, under the Management of the said Commffioners for the Affairs of Taxes ; and also new Duties on Per fans felting Carriages by Audion or on Commfficn; Three other Ads, patted in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, One thereof intituled, An Ad far explaining and amending an Ad made in the Forty-third Tear of His present MajcJly, far consolidating certain of the Proin ft ons contained in any Ad or Ads relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commffioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the fame, fa far as relates to the Power of acting as Commffioners in certain Di/irids ; One other thereof intituled, An Ad to amend the several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commffioners for the Affairs of Taxes ; and the other thereof intituled. An Ad to amend fa much of an Ad of the Forty-third Tear of His present Majesty, for con-folidating pertain of the Provtfions of the Ads relating to the Duties in Scotland, under the Management of the Commffioners for the Affairs of Taxes, as relates to the Appointment of Affejfors and Sub-Colledors, and the Notices required to be delivered to Perf ons assessed to the said Duties; and One other Ad, pulled in the Forty-fixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An Ad to grant certain Allowances out of the Duties under the Management of the Commffioners for the A fairs of Taxes, to P erf ons in respect of the Number of their. Children: And this Ad shall be construed in such Manner and tg the like Efleet, in all Refpeds, as if the Duties hereby granted, and mentioned in the respective Schedules hereto annexed, were expressly granted, under and subject to the several Provilions, Allowances, and Penalties in the said several Adis contained, and as if the several Provilions, Allowances, and Penalties were expressly enacted in this Ad 5 and that from the respective periods herein-before preferibed for the Commencement of the said Duties, the Schedules to this Ad annexed ihall be used and pra&ifcd ui ftfeerjaining and charging the

A.D. i8o8.

*39

48° CEO. III.	C	jj*

fereral Rates of Dnty in lieu of the several Schedules for the like

Purpofes contained in any of the said Adis before-mentioned, which Lil-mentioned Scheduled, and the Rules and Exemptions therein contained, shall from thenceforth refpe&ivdy cease and determine; and ail and every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Dire&ions,

Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in I such Adis respectively, so far as the fame are respectively applicable I to the Duties granted by this Adi, except where other Provifions are ! made in this Act, shall severally and respectively, in the Execution I of this Adi, be duly observed, pradliled, and put in Execution | throughout the refpediive Parts of Great Britain aforesaid, as fully and effedlually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Powers,

Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures,

Clauses, Matters, and Things, (except as aforefaid) were particularly and relpe&ively repeated and re-enadted in the Body of this Adi, shall severally be applied, construed, deemed, and taken to belong to this Adi, iu like Manner as if the fame had been enacted therein, and expressly applied to the Duties hereby granted, (except as aforesaid,)

VI.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the Perfons who Commiffionerp now are or for the Time being shall be Commiilioners for putting in and other Execution the said Adis respectively, and who shall be rcfpedlively Officer* qualified and authorized to act, and shall have taken the Paths as

directed by the several Adis before-mentioned, or any of them refpcdU A^s i.'ely,as aforesaid, shall be Commiilioners for putting in Execution this put in Execution Act, and the Powers herein referred to or contained, in all and every this Adt; *ud the rcfpedtive Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, t,ie Monies Towns, and Places privileged or not privileged, within England^ (J^1* be Wales, and Btr*w\ck~ upon -Tweed, and in all and every the Shires, ^ ie Stewartries, Cities, and Boroughs in Scotland \ and the several Comroiffinnen AiTcfTors, Colledfors, Surveyors, and Infpedtors respectively, ap- for the Affairs of poir.ted or to be appointed to put in Execution the said several Adis, T*x«. _ shall refpedlivcrly be AfTcfTors, Colledlors, Surveyors, and Infpedlors, to put in Execution this Adt within the Limits of their respective Diilricts or Divinons to which they are or shall be respectively appointed ; and they respectively are hereby empowered and required to do all Things necessary for putting this Adt in Execution with relation to the Duties hereby imposed, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner as they or any of them are or is or shall be authorized to put in Execution the said several Adts ; and the Duties hereby granted, when paid, (ball be under the Care and Management of the Com-m.ffioners for the Affairs of Taxes for the Time being, appointed or to be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Succelfors.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That every Receiver General shall Aflowances M have an Allowance of Three Halfpence in the Pound for all Monies Receivers which shall be by him received and paid into the Receipt of Ex- General, chtquer, or duly accounted for according to the Courfe of His Ma- Colleton, sod jefty's Exchequer; and that every Colledlor shall have Threc-pence

ia the Pound for what Money he shall pay to the Receiver General or his Deputy or Deputies, within the Time limited by the several Adis herein mentioned, for all the Duties granted by this Adi,

Care and except the Duties granted and contained in Schedule (L.) annexed to this Adi, for which other Compeufation is hereby ditedled to be made to such Collcdior, and also for what Money such Colledlor Shall pay out of such Duties, except as aforesaid, to any Perfon or

Perfous

A.D. i8o8

M»	C.55. 48° GEO.	III.

Putin ball be tarried 10 Gmfolidaied Fund,

Accounts of Duties ball be kept» and laid

Perfons in pursuance of any other A& or A&s of Parliament, and shall duly account to such Receiver General or his Deputy for such. Payments ; and that for the careful writing and tranferibing all and. every the Affeffments, Duplicates, Warrants, and Eftreats, in due Time, and for the due, speedy, and effectually executing all Matters and Things directed to be done or performed by or under the Com-miflioner8 acting in the Execution of the several Adis relating to the Duties contained in this A& then in force, the Clerk of the (aid. refoedive Commissioners who shall perform the fame within the respective Times limited by the said Ads, shall, by Warrant under the Hands of Two or more of the Commissioners of each Diftri£k respectively, have and receive from the respective Receivers General, their Deputy 01 Deputies, the respective Sums herein-after limited for every Pound of all such Monies of the said Duties as he or they shall have received by virtue of the Affeffments of the said Com-xniffioners' respectively, who is and are hereby appointed and allowed to pay the fame accordingly; provided the said several Ads be carried into Execution in due Time, and in an effectual Manner, for the Diviiion in which he shall be appointed the Clerk, and all Warrants, Affeffments, Eftreats, and Certificates, be made out and delivered according to the Diredions of the said Ads, and the Duplicates be delivered to the said Receiver General, and into the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, within the Times limited by the said Ads, but not otherwise ; that i6 to fay, if the total Amount of such Allowance for One Year, calculated at the Rate of Qne Penny Farthing in the Pound, on the Monies assessed in that Year, and paid to the Receiver General or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall amount to One hundred Pounds or upwards, then such Clerk shall not be entitled to receive any further or greater Allowance than at the Rate-of One Penny Farthing in the Pound, of the said Monies so paid: Provided also, that if the total Amount of the Monies of the laid Duties received by such Receiver General or his Deputy for One Year, in any Diftrid of Commissioners, shall exceed Ninety-fix thousand Pounds, then the Clerk of such Diftrid shall have an Allowance at the Rate of One Penny Farthing in respect of evc ~y Pound of the said Ninety-fix thousand Pounds, Part thereof, and a further Allowance at the Rate of One Half of One Penny Farthing for every Pound of the said Monies exceeding Ninety-fix thousand Pounds; and if the total Amount of such Allowance, calculated at the Rate of One Penny Farthing in the Pound on the said Monies, shall not amount to One hundred Pounds, then such Clerk shall be entitled to receive an Allowance, at the Rate of Three Halfpence in the Pound, of the Monies so paid; to as that the Allowance, calculated as iaft aforesaid, shall in no cafe be granted to Any greater Amount than One hundred Pounds per Annum•

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties hereby imposed (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’a Exchequer at Wejlminjler^ in One Sum, to the Aocount of Affeffed Taxes, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Com*

miffioners of His Majefty’a Treafory now or for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Trcafurer for the Time being, shall for the Period of Ten Yean from the Commence* ,	meat

141

48° GEO, III.	C.j$.

went of this A&, cause separate and di(lin& Accounts of the Produce of the Duties payable by virtue of this A&, to be prepared at the Office for Taxes, to be annually laid before Parliament, pursuant to a. A6fc paired in the Forty-fccond Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Ad for di reding certain Publick Accounts to 43 G. 3. c. 70, It laid annually before Parliament, and for discontinuing certain other Form of Account now in use ; and the Monies ariiing from the said additional Duties shall be deemed a permanent Increaic to the Publick Revenue of Great Britain* for the Purpole of defraying any increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created by Authority of any Aft of Parliament paifed or to be paifed in the present SeiTion of Parliament.

M Act may be altered this Scflion. § 10.”

The SCHEDULES referred to by the Aft of the 48th Year of His present Majefty’s Reign.

SCHEDULE (A.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties made payable for every DWELLING HOUSE within and throughout Great Britain, according to the Number of Windows or Lights in each Dwelling House and the Offices to be charged therewith.

NUMBER of WINDOWS According to which the Dwelling House and Offices undermentioned IhaH be charged.	JDutits to be charged for Windows in every Dwelling House and Offices in England,Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed.	Duties to be charged for Windows in evcryDwelling House and Offices in Scotland.
Not more than 6 Windows or Lights (except	£. /. d.	£, /• d.
in such Houfes which shall be worth the Rent of £g by the Year, and shall be charged to the Duty mentioned in Schedule (B.), according to the Rent		
thereof) -	O  OS  OS	046
Not more than 6 Windows or Lights, if of the V alue before mentionecLand charged		
to the said Duty accordingly - r	080	060
J Windows or Lights ■■	100	0 18 0
S — Do. • *■	I 13 0	in 0
9 — Do. - -	2 2 0	200
10 — Do. -	2 16 0	2 14 0
11 — Do. •	3 12 6	3 10 6
12 — Do, -	496	476
13 Do. *	366	5 46
14 — Do. - »	6 3 6	616
15 — Do.	700	6 18 0
16 — Do. • •	7 17 0	7 iy 0
17 — • Do.	8 14 0	812 0
18 — Do. - •	9 10 6	986
19 — Do.	10 7 6	10 5 6
20 Do. • •	in 4 6	u 2, 6  Not

SCHEDULE (A.;—Windows—continued.

NUMBER of WINDOWS According to which the Dwelling Hotife and Offices undermentioned shall be charged.			Duties to be  chatted for Windows in every Dwelling Houle and Offices in England,Walcs, and Berwick-upon-Tweed.			Duties to he charged for Windows in every Dwelling Hotife awl Offices in Scot Laud.
Not more than			£.		d.	£, i» d%
21 Windows	or Lights	.	12	*  A	0	1119 0
22 —	Do.	-	12	18	0	12 16 0
23 ~	Do.	-	*3	15	0	13 13 0
34 —	Do.	-		11	6	14 9 6
25 —	Do.	-	*5	8	6	15 6 6
26 		Do.	-	16	5	6	16 3 6
27 —	Do.	-	l7	2	0	1700
28 —	Do.	.	*7	!9	0	17 17 0
29 —	Do.	-	18	16	0	18 14 0
30 —	Do.	•	*9	12	6	19 10 6
31 —	Do.	••	20	9	6	20 7 (y
32 —	Do.	.	21	6	6	2146
33 —	Do.	.	22	3	0	22 1 0
3+ —	Do.	-	23	0	0	22 (8 0
35 — .	Do.	-	23	16	6	23 14 6
36 -	Do.	•	24	*3	6	24 11 6
37 —	Do.	-	25	10	6	25 8 6
38 -	Do.	-	2 6	7	0	26 5 0
'39 —	Do.	-	27	4	0	27 2 0
40 to 44	Do.	-	28	17	6	28 ij 6
45 — 49	Do.	-	31	*3	6	31 11 6
50 — 54	Do.	-	34	10	0	34 8 0
55 — 59	Do.	*	37	6	0	37 4 0
60 — 64	Do.	-	39	>5	6	39 *3 ®
r>5 _ 69	Do.	-	42	0	6	41 18 6
70 — 74	Do.	-	44	5	0	44 3 0
75 — 79	Do.	-	46	10	0	46 8 0
80 — 84	Do.	-	48	l5	0	48 !3 0
85 — 89	Do.	-	5*	0	0	50 18 0
90 — 94	Do.	-	53	4	6	53 2 $
95 — 99	Do.	•	55	9	6	55 7 6
• loo — 109	Do.	-	58	*7	0	58 ij 0
IlO — 119	Do.	.	*>3	6	6	63 4 6
izo — 129	Do.	-	67	16	6	07 14 6
l3° — x39	Do.	-	72	6	0	7* 4 0
140 — 149	Do.	-	76	16	0	76 14 0
150 — 159	Do.	.	81	5	6	81 3 6
160 — 169	Do.	-	85	l5	6	8j 13 6
J70 — 179	Do.	-	90	5	0	90 3 0
180 and upwards Do. - -And for every fuih Dwelling House which shall contain more than 180 Windows or Lights, for.every Window or Light ex-			93	2	6	93 0 6
cceding the Number of 180		-	0	3	0	03 0 RULES

SCHEDULE (A.)—Windows—continued.

RULES for charging Windows or Lights.

I.	—The said several Duties to be charged annually in respect of the Windows or Lights in every Dwelling Houle, with the Houfehold ai:d other Offices herein enumerated.

II.	—All Skylights, and all Windows or Lights however con-ftru&ed, in Staircaies, Garrets, Celiars, Pafiages, and all other Parts of Dwelling Houses, to what Ufe or Purpufe soever applied, and whether such Windows or Lights {hall be in the exterior or interior Parts of such Dwelli ig Houles, to be charged to the laid Duties.

III.	—Every Window or Light in any Kitchen, Celiar, Scullery, Buttery, Pantry, Larder, Waihhoufc, Laundry, Bakehouse, Brew-houfe and Lodging Room, belonging to or occupied with any Dwelling House, whether the fame shall be within or contiguous to or disjoined from the Body of such Dwelling House, {hall be charged to the said Duties.

IV.	—The said Duties to be charged yearly upon the Occupier or Occupiers of the Houses, Cottages, or Tenements, in respect whereof the said Duties shall be charged, and to be in force for One whole Year from the 5th Day of April in the Year in which the fame shall be charged, to be levied on such Occupier or Occupiers, or on his, her, or their respective Executors or Adminiftrators, except as herein-after provided.

V.	—Where any Change in the Occupation of any House, Cottage, or Tenement, {hall take place after the Affeffment {hall be made, then and in such Cafe the Duties hereby directed to be charged on the Occupier or Occupiers of Houses, Cottages, or Tenements, for One Year, shall be levied upon and paid by the Occupier or Occupiers, Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners for the Time being, or on both or all of them, according to their Times of PolTeffion thereof, without any new Afleffinent, notwithstanding such Change in the Occupation of such House, Cottage, or Tenement, for the Year that such House (ball have been assessed: Provided, that where a Tenant of any House, Cottage, or Tenement, {hall quit the fame, on the Determination of the Leafe or Demife thereof, after an Afleffinent ftiall be made, and {hall have given Notice thereof to the Affcffor for the Place, the Duty thereon mall be discharged by the Commiflioners for executing this Aft for the Remainder of that Year, in cafe it {hall appear to the said Commiflioners at the End of such Year, that such House, Cottage, or Tenement, (hail have continued wholly unoccupied for and during the Remainder of such Year.

VI.	—Where any Dwelling House is or shall be let in different Apartments, Tenements, Lodgings, or Landings, and {ball be inhabited by Two o'r more Perfoas or Families, the fame {hall never-thelefs be charged as if such House was inhabited by one Pcrfon or Family only; and the Landlord or Owner, Landlords or Owners of such House, Apartments, or Tenements, arc or {hall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers of such House, and {hall be charged with the said Duties: Provided, that where the Landlord shall not reside within the Limits of the Collector, or the fame {hall remain unpaid by such Landlord for the Space of Twenty Days after the £une is due, the Duties so charged may be levied on the Occupier

or

How chargeable.

Skylights, 8cc.

Lights in Offices.

Clnr"i*ahU

an nil ally;

{rum ilh Apiik

Change of Occupation.

Houses, let in

Apartments.

(SccXIU-J

SCHEDULE (A.)—Windows—continued.

fTmtfes left in charge of Scivanti.

CTmmhmin Inns of Court, &c.

Rooms in publick Halls.

Partitions

hetwren

Windows.

Windows li^Uting Two Places.

Pircenfioiis of Windows.



or Occupiers respectively, and such Payment shall be deduced and allowed out of the next Payment on account of Rent.

VII.	—Every House, whereof the keeping is or shall be committed or left to the Care or Charge of any Perfon or Servant, shall be subject to the like Duties as if it were inhabited by the Owner or by a Tenant; and, if such Perfon or Servant shall not pay Rates to the Church and Poor, the said Duties shall be paid by the respective Owners or Tenants of the said House.

VIII.	—Every dillin& Chamber or Apartment in any of the Inns of Court, or of Chaneery, or in any College or Hall, in either of the Uni verities of Oxford or Cambridge, or-any publick Hofpital, being severally in the Tenure or Occupation of any Perfon or Perfons, shall be subject to the fame Duties as if the fame was an entire Houle, which Duties shall be paid by the Occupier thereof respectively; provided, that every such Chamber or Apartment, which shall not contain more than Seven Windows or Lights, shall be charged at the Rate of Three Shillings and Sixpence for every such Window or Light.

IX.	—All Dwelling Rooms in any Hall or Office whatever, belonging to any Perfon or Perfons, or to any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or to any Company, that are or may be lawfully charged with the Payment of any other Taxes or Parifh Rates, shall be subject to the Duties hereby made payable, and shall be respectively charged as Dwelling Houfes ; and the Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Company, to whom the fame shall belong, shall be charged as the Occupier or Occupiers thereof.

X.	—When a Partition or Divifion between Two or more Windows or Lights, fixed in one Frame, is or shall be of the Breadth or Space of Twelve Inches, the Window or Light on each Side of such Partition or Divifion shall be charged as a diflindt Window qr Light.

XI.	—Every Window extending so far as to give light into more

Rooms, Landings, or Stories than One, shall be reckoned and charged as so many separate Windows as there are Rooms, Landings, or Stories enlightened thereby.	*

XII.	-Every Window or Light, including the Frame, Partitions, and Diviiions thereof, which by due Admeafurement of the whole Space on the Aperture of the Wall of the House or Building, on the Outlide of such Window or Light, shall exceed in Height Twelve Feet, or in Breadth Four Feet Nine Inches, not being less than Three Feet Six Inches in Height, shall be reckoned and charged as Two Windows or Lights, except such Windows or Lights as shall have been made of greater Diincnfions at any Time prior to the Fifth Day of April One thoufanJ seven hundred and eighty-five; except alio the Windows or Lights in such Parts of Dwelling Houfes as are used for Shops, Workshops, and Warehouses, and except the Windows or Lights in the publick Room of any House licensed to fell Wine, Ale, or other Liquors by Retail, which shall be used for the Entertainment of Guefts; and the Windows or Lights in Farm Houfesefpecially exempted from the Duties in the following Schedule, marked 1 B.) or in any Dwelling House not chargeable to the Duties mentioned in the said Schedule.

6

XIII.—Where

SCHEDULE (A.)—'WiHDOWs^conttHueJ.

XIII. - Where any Dwelling House shall be divided into different Tenements, being distinct Properties, every such Tenement shall be subject to the fame Duties as if the fame were an entire House, which Duties shall be paid by the Occupiers thereof respectively; provided, that every such Tenement in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, which shall not contain mqre than Seven Windows or Lights, ihall be charged at the Rate of Three Shillings and Sixpence for evesy such Window or Light; and every such Tenement in Scotland whicn shall not contain more than Seven Windows or Lights, shall be charged at the rate of Three Shillings for every such Window or Light.

EXEMPTIONS from the said Duties.

Cafe I.—Any House belonging to HiB Majesty, or any of the Royal Family; and every Pubuck Office for which the Duties heretofore payable have been paid by His Majesty, or out of the Publick Revenue.

Cafe IT.—Any Hofpital, Charity School, or House provided for the Reception and Relief of poor Perfons, except such Apartments therein as are or may be occupied by the Officers or Servants thereof which shall severally be affeffect, and be fubjelt to the said Duties as entire Dwelling Houfes.

Cafe III.—The Windows in any Room of a Dwelling House, licensed according to Law a* a Chapel for the Purpofes of Divine Worlhip, and used for no other Purpofe whatsoever:

Provided that every such Hofpital, Chanty School, Hotffe for the Reception and Relief of poor Perfons, or Room licensed as a Chapel as aforesaid, shall be brought into charge by the AfTeffor or Affeffors, or in their Default, by the Surveyor or Infpeftor, and shall be stated on the Certificate of Afieffments as such ; and on due Proof of the Fad before the Commissioners by the Afleflora, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for executing the said Ad to discharge such Hofpital, Charity School, House for the Reception and Relief of poor Perfons, and Room licensed as a Chapel, from the said Duties, or such Part thereof as is hereby intended to be exempted, in like Manner as they are authorized to discharge the Affeffinent on poor Perfons by this Ad, but not otherwise.

Cafe IV.—The Windows or Lights, in any Dairy or Cheefe-Room belonging to and occupied with any Dwelling House, chargeable with the said Duties, although the lame shall be Part thereof, which ihall be used by such Occupier or Occupiers for the Puiyofe of keeping Butter or Cheefe, being their own Produce, for Sale or private Uie; provided that the Windows or Lightb in such Dairies or Cheefe Rooms, shall be made with Splines or wooden Laths, or iron Bars, or Wires, and wholly without Glass, and that the Occupiers of the Dwelling Houfes to which such Dairies and Cheefe Rooms belong shall paint or cause to be painted on the outer Door thereof, or on the Outfide of the Windows thereof, or one of them, in large Roman Letters, the Words, “ Dairy” or “ Cheefe Room,” as the Cafe may require, and shall keep, and from Time to Time restore such Words lo painted distinctly legible, during all such Time as such. Exemption (haB be claimed j and provided, that such Dairies or . 48 Geo, III.	L	Cheefe

Diftin& Tenements, (See VI.)

Royal Family, Public Offices.

Hofpitals, &c.

Chapels.

Provifo for chaigiuff Hofpitals, Chapels,&c.

Dairies.

Cheefe Rooms shall not be at any Time or Times used to dwell or to fleep in by any Perfon or Perfons, but shall be wholly kept and used for the several Purpofes hereinbefore mentioned: And provided also, that an AfiefTment of all such Windows or Lights mall be duly made, and the Fa& be truly returned in the Manner directed by this A&, in other Cafes of Exemption from the said Duties* so that the Number of Windows so to be exempted may be afcertained* and the Exemption be allowed by the Commiifioners for executing this Alt.

SCHEDULE (B.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties made payable on all Inhabited DWELLING HOUSES throughout Great Britain, according to the Value thereof, and of the Offices and Lands to be charged therewith.

For every such Inhabited House which, with the Houfe-hold and other Offices, Yards, and Gardens, therewith occupied and charged, are or shall be worth • the Rent herein-after mentioned by the Year, there shall be charged the yearly Sums following ; videlicet, £$ and under £to Rent, by the Year £20 and under £40 Rent, by the Year -	'	-

j?4o Rent by the Year, and upwards

Value in the Pound.

£. s. d.

Old 0	2	9

O	2	10

How chargeable.

Outhdufcs.

Shops and

Warehoufes

attached.

RULES for charging the said laft-mentioned Duties.

I.	—The said last mentioned Duties to be charged annually on the Occupier or Occupiers for the Time being of every such Dwelling House, being of the Annual Rent of Five Pounds or upwards, at the respective Rates before-mentioned, and to be levied on him, her, or them, or on his, her, or their respective Executors or Adminiftrators, and in like Manner in cafe of a Change in the Occupation thereof as is before dire died in respect of the Duties on Windows or Lights, and in Addition to the Duties contained in Schedule (A.)

II.	—Every Coachhouse, Stable, Brewhouse, Wafhhonfe* Laundry, Woodhouse, Bakehouse, Dairy, and all other Offices, and all Yards, Courts, and Curtilages, and Gardens, and Pleafure Grounds, belonging to and occupied with any Dwelling House, shall, in chaiging the said Duties, be valued together with such Dwelling House; provided no more than One Acre of such Gardens and Pleafure Grounds shall in any cafe be so valued.

III.	—All Shops and Warehoufes which are attached to the Dwelling House, or have any Communication therewith, shall in charging the said Duties be valued together with the Dwelling House and the Houfehold and other Offices aforesaid thereunto belonging: (except such Warehoufes and Buildings upon or near adjoining to Wharfs which are occupied by Perfons who carry on the Bufinefs of Wharfingers, and who nave Dwelling Houfes upon the said Wharfs for the Reiidence of themselves or Servants employed upon the laid Wharfs.)

1

And

And also except such Warehouses as are distinct and separate Buddings and not Parts or Parcels of such Dwelling Houles, or the Shops attached thereto, but employed Solely for the Purpofe of lodging Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, or for carry jpg on (ome Manutadure; (notwithftanding the fame may adjoin to or have Communication with the Dwelliug House or Shop.)

IV.	—Every Chamber or Apartment in any of the Inns of Court, Or of Chaneery, or in any College or Hall in any of the Univerfities of Great Britain, being Severally in the> Tenure or Occupation of any Perfon or Perfons, shall be charged thereto as an entire House, and on the respective Occupiers thereof.

V.	—Every Hall or Office whatever belonging to any Perfon or Perfons, or to any Body or Bodies Politick dr Corporate, or to any Company, that are or may be lawfully charged with the Payment of any other Taxes or Parifli Rates, shall be fubjjed to the Duties hereby made payable as Inhabited Houfes j and the rcrfon or Perfons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Company, to whom the fame shall belong, shall be charged as the Occupier or Occupiers thereof.

VI.	—‘Where any House shall be let in different Stories, Tenements, Lodgings, or Landings, and shall be inhabited by Two or more Perfons or Families, the lame shall nevertheless be subject to and shall in like Manner be charged to the said Duties as if such House or Tenement was inhabited by One Perfon. or Family only, and the Landlord or Owner shall be deemed the Occupier of such Dwelling House, and shall be charged to the said Duties: Provided, that where the Landlord shall not reside within the Limits of the Col-lector, or the fame shall remain unpaid by such Landlord for the Space of Twenty Days after the fame is due, the Duties so charged may be levied on the Occupier or Occupiers respectively; and such Payments shall be deduded and allowed out of the next Payment on Account of Rent. '

VIL—No Dwelling House, or other such Premifes as afoifcfeid, shall be estimated or rated at any less Annual Value than the Rent or Value at which the fame Premifes (land charged in the lad Rate made on or before the Time of making the Afleflinent for the Relief of the Poor in the lame Parifli or Place.

VIII.	—In cafe the said Poor Rate shall have been made throughout by a Pound Rate on the full Annual Value of all the Dwelling Houfes in the fame Parifli or Place, then such Afleflinent shall be made according to the (aid Rate; and the Afleflors appointed or to be appointed for the said Duties shall in making their Afleffinents on different Dwelling Houfes in the fame Parifli or Place in all such Cafes as aforesaid, observe the fame Rule of Proportion between the Afleflinent of the Duties granted by this Ad thereon, as shall have been observed in making such Poor Rate as to all the Premifes aforesaid rated in such Poor Kate.

IX.	—In cafe the (aid Poor Rate shall have been made on any proportionate Part of such Value, then such Afleflors shall assess the ume at the fame Sums respectively as they^would have been a defied it by virtue of this Ad, if the feme had bien respectively estimated in such Poor Kate at the full Value thereorrefpedively.

L 2

Warehouse

detached.

Chambers in Inns of Courtj 8cc.

Publick Halls* &c.

Houfes let in Apartments. (See XIV.)

Value, according to Poors Rite.

If Poors Rate on full Value.

If on proportionate Value.

X—la

4&o GEO. III.

A.D. x8o3.

Duties (lukll be rfefteri and colle£u*cl, &c. undei the Powers of the fallowing A6tSj

viz. 4aG.a. c. 99.

4d (i. a. c. 150,

43 G. 3. c. 161.

45 G. 3. C. 5.

45 G. 3. c. 71. 45G.3.C. 95.

46 G. 3. c. 94.

I

C.55.

and fet forth ; which Schedule, and the Duties and Rules therein contained, shall be deemed and conftmed to be a Part of this A& as if the fame were incorporated therewith under a special Enactment.

V, And be it further enacted, That the said Consolidated and New Duties shall be affefied, raised, levied, paid and accounted for, under the Provilions and Regulations of the Several A6ts herein-after mentioned respectively, and as the fame are rcfpedively applicable to Great Britain, or the respective Parts of Great Britain before mentioned ; videlicet, One A A passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majeity, intituled. An Aft for consolidating certain of the Provifions contained in any A3 or A3s relating to the Duties under the Management of the CommiJJioncrs for ike Affairs of ’Taxes, and for amending the fame \ One other Ad, paffedin the fame Year of 'the Reign of His present Majessy, intituled, An A3 for consolidating certain tf the Provijions contained in any A3 or A3s relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for am. tiding the said Adi sofar as the fame relate to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; One other Aft, passed in the fame Year of the Reign of His present Majessy, intituled. An A3 for repealing the several Duties under the Management of the Com-miftoners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain Cafes therein mentioned} for repealing the Duties of Excife on Licences, and on Carriages con-JlruScd by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes ; and also new Duties on Perfons felling Carriages by Au3ion or on Commifficn; Three other Acts, passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of Hi* present Majessy, One thereof intituled, An A3 for explaining and amending an Atl made in the Forty-third Tear of His present Majessy, fur consolidating certain of ihe Proviftons contained in any A3 or Ads relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the fame, so far as relates to the Power of acting as Commissioners in certain DJI rids ; One other thereof intituled. An Ad to amend the several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes ; and the other thereof intituled, An A3 to amend so much of an Ad of the Forty-third Year of His present Majefy, for eon-folidating certain of the Provijions of the Ads relating to the Duties in Scotland, under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, as relates to the Appointment of Affeffors and Sub-Colie dors, and the Notices required to be delivered to Perfons afftffed to the said Duties; and One other Ad, passed in the Forty-fixth Year of the Reign of His present Majessy, intituled, An Ad to grant certain Allowances out of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the-Affairs of Taxes, to Pet Jons in respect of the Number of theiK Children: And this A Ct shall be couitrued in such Manner and tQ the like Efled, in all Refpccts, as if the Duties hereby granted, and mentioned in the respective Schedules hereto annexed, were expressly granted, under and subject to the several Provisions, Allowances, and Penalties in the said several Ads contained, and as if the several Provisions, Allowances, and Penalties were expressly enacted in this Ad 5 and that fiom the respective Periods herein-before preferibed for the Commencement of the said Duties, the Schedules to this Ad annexed shall be used and pra&i&d in ascertaining and charging the

feveraj

AJ).i8o8*

139

48° GEO. III.	C.55%

f^eral Rates of Duty in lieu of the several Schedules for the like j’irpofes contained in any of the said Adis before-mentioned, which ^l-mentioned Scheduled, and the Rules and Exemptions therein contained, shall from thenceforth respectively cease and determine ;

- c all and every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Diredtions,

Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in fjch Adis respectively, so far as the fame are respectively applicable to the Duties granted by this Adl, except where other Provitions are made in this Act, shall severally and reme&ively, in the Execution of this Adi, be duly observed, pradtiled, and put in Execution throughout the respective Parts of Great Britain aforesaid, as fully and effedlually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Powers,

Authorities, Methods, Rules, Diredtions, Penalties, Forfeitures,

Clauses, Matters, and Things, (except as aforefaid) were particularly and rcipedtively repeated and re-enadted in the Body of this Adt,

?~d shall severally be applied, construed, deemed, and taken to belong to this Adi, in like Manner as if the fame had been enadied therein, and expressly applied to the Duties hereby granted, (except as aforesaid.)

VI.	And be it further enadied. That all and every the Perfons who Commiffioiieip cow are or for the Time being shall be Commifiioners for putting in and other Execution the said Acts respectively, and who shall be respectively Officer* qualified and authorized to act, and shall have taken the Paths as directed by the several Adis before-mentioned, or any of them refpedt-	A^g

i/ely,aa aforesaid, shall be Commiilioners for putting in Execution this pUt in Execution Act, and the Powers herein referred to or contained, in all and every this A# ? and the refptdlive Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, die Monies Towns, and Places privileged or not privileged, within England, le'T<1 *** tt'uUjf and Btrivick-upon-Tweed, and in all and every the Shires, ^ c Stewartries, Cities, and Boroughs in Scotland; and the several Commiffionen A Ik (Tors, Colledlors, Surveyors, and Infpedlors respectively, ap- for the Affair* of poir.ted or to be appointed to put in Execution the said several Adis, Taxe*. _

Ihall respectively be AflcfTors, Colledlors, Surveyors, and Infpedlors, to put in Execution this Adi within the Limits of their respective Diilridts ot Divisions to which they are or shall be respectively appointed ; and they respectively are hereby empowered and required to do all Things nece(Tary for putting this Adt in Execution with relation to the Duties hereby imposed, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner as they or any of them are or is or shall be authorized to put in Execution the said several Adts ; and the Duties hereby granted, when paid, (ball be under the Care and Management of the Com-mifiioners for the Affairs of Taxes for the Time being, appointed or to be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeilors.

VII.	And be it further enadied, That every Receiver General shall Allowances & have an Allowance of Three Halfpence in the Pound for all Monies Receivers which shall be by him received and paid into the Receipt of Ex- General, chequer, or duly accounted for according to the Courfe of His Ma- Colle&on, and jefty’s Exchequer; and that every Coliedtor shall have Three-pence in the Pound for what Money he shall pay to the Receiver General oy his Deputy or Deputies, within the Time limited by the several Adis herein mentioned, for all the Duties granted byi this Adt, save and except the Duties granted and contained in Schedule (L.) annexed to this Adt, for which other Competifation is hereby ditedted to be made to such Colledlor, and also for what Money such Coliedtor fhali pay out of such Duties, except as aforesaid, to any Perfon or

Perfou*

To what Servants extended.

Servants in Taverns.

Gardenen.

Apprentices.

Gamekeepers.

SCHEDULE (C.)—Male Servants—continued.

*—	■1	 ■	v	.	■	.	-	?

RULES for charging the said laft-mentioned Duties.

I.	—The said laft-mentioned Duties to be paid by the Matter or Miftrefs of such Servants refpeHively, and to extend to and be payable for every Male Servant retained or employed in any of the following Capacities; that is to fay, Maitre d’H6tel, House Steward, Matter of the Horse, Groom of the Chamber, Valet de Chambre, Butler, Under Butler, Clerk of the Kitchen, Confe&ioner, Cook, House Porter, Footman, Running Foot-man, Coacliman, Groom, Poftiilion, Stable Boy or Helper in the Stables of the Matter or Mistress, Gardener, Park-keeper, Game-keeper, Huntfman, Whipper-in, or by whatever Name or Names Mate Servants really ailing zn any of the said Capacities shall be calied, or whether such Male Servants shall have been retained or employed in One or more of the said Capacities, or in any other Bufinefs jointly with One or more of the said Capacities, and to every such Servant let to hire with any Carriage or Horfes for One Year, or any longer Period.

II.	—The hud Duties shall extend to all Servants of the Capacities before mentioned employed in Taverns, CofFee-houses, Inns, Ale-houses, or any other Houfes licensed to fell Wine, Ale, or other Liquors by Retail, and in Eating or ViHualling Houses, and in Hotels or Lodging Houses, being Eating and Vi&ualling Houses, of whatever Delcription, although not licensed, except Hoftlers and Helpers in Stables, and Drivers employed to drive Carriages let out tq hire, in such Manner that the Stamp Office Duty payable by Law on Horfes let to hire shall have been duly paid and satisfied, and except Waiters.

III.	—The said last mentioned Duties on Gardeners shall extend tq every Gardener who shall have controlled for the keeping of any Garden or Gardens, and to every Perfon who shall have been hired to work in any Garden wherein the constant Labour of One Perfon shall be neceuary^ or where One Perfon shall have been constantly emploved, to be paid by the Perfon or Perfons for whose Ufe, ana in whose Garden luch Gardener or Perfons shall have been emploved, except as herein-after mentioned.

IV.	—The said laft-mentioned Duties shall extend to all Apprentices retained or employed in any of the Capacities aforesaid, save and except fpch Apprentices as shall have been imposed upon any Mafter or Miftrefs under and by virtue of the Powers given to Magiftrotes and Pariih Officers by any AH or AHs of Paniament, so as the Number of such Apprentices for whom this Exemption shall be claimed by the fame Perfon shall not exceed Two, such Apprentices not wearing Livery, nor being employed as Livery Servants.

V.	—The said laft-mentioned Duties on Gamekeepers shall extend to every Perfon retained or employed to kill or preserve Game for

the Ufe of any other Perfon or Perfons, whether lawfully appointed to kill or preserve Game or not, to be paid by the Perfon or Perfons retaining, employing, or appointing such Perfons refpec-tively; except Gamekeepers, being the Servants of other qualified Perfons duly returned by and charged to the laid Duties as Servant* of such other Perfons.

VI.—Thq

A.D.i8o&

48* GEO. ni.

C.JJ.	IS1

VI.	—The laid laft-mentioned Duties shall extend to every Perfon Coaclimen, he. who shall be employed in the Capacity of a Coachmap, Poftiilion,

Groom, or Helper in the Stables, although such Perfon shall have been retained for the Purpofes of Hulbandry, or any Manufacture or Trade, where the Mailer or Miftrefs of such Perfon shall be charge* able with Duty for any Carriage, (other than a Taxed Cart,\ or for Two or more Horfes chargeable with the Duty on Horfes xept for the Purpofe of riding or drawing Carriages, as herein mentioned*

VII.	—1The said laft-mentioned Duties shall extend to every Per- Glooms# fon who shall be employed as a Groom, Stable Boy, or Helper in

the Stables of the Mailer or Mistress, to take care of any Horse,

Mare, or Gelding, the Property of such Mailer or Mistress, kept for the Purpofe of racing or running for any Plate, Prize, Sum of Money, or other Thing, or in training for any of the said Purpofes.

Schedule (C.) No. 2.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for MALE SERVANTS, retained or employed in the several Capacities herein mentioned#

For every Gardener or Perfon employed to work in any £*	j.	dm

Garden, under any Perfon chargeable to the Duties mentioned in Schedule VC.); No. i.; and for every Gardener employed in any Garden wherein the con-ftant Labour of one Perlon shall not be neceftary, the Sum of -	' -	-	-	- o	6	O

To be paid by each Perfon in whose Garden such Perfon

lhall be employed.	'_________'________•

EXEMP HONS from the Duties as fet forth in Schedule	(C.)

No. i. and 2.

Any person employed by the Day or Week to work as a Day Day-labourer*. Labourer, at the ulual Rate of Wages for Day Labourers in Agriculture, in any Garden belonging to a Dwelling Houle, being a Farmhouse, and exempted as such from the Duties mentioned in Schedule (B.), or in any. Garden belonging to a Dwelling House not chargeable to the Duties mentioned in the said Schedule, such Garden pot requiring the conftanr Labour of One such Labourer,.

Schedule (C.) No. 3.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for ever?

MALE PERSON or SERVANT retained or employed in the several Capacities herein mentioned.

For every Male Perfon employed by any Merchant or £. /. dm Tnwfafc Trader as a Traveller or Rider, the Duties following; videlicet.

Where One such Traveller or Rider and no more	/

|hall be so emploved, the Sum of *	-	*12	3	0

L 4	And

Gerkl.

Shopmen*

By whom to be paid.

Waiter!.

Stible-keepeia

Men.

Servants in HuAendiy**

1	4	o

?	*	Q

*	4	Q

And where more than 0<»e such Traveller or Rider £. /.	d,

(hall be so emploved, for each the Sum of -3100 For every Male Perfon employed by any Perfon in Trade, or exercising any rrofeffion whatever, as a Clerk or Book-keeper, or Office-keeper, except Apprentices, where no Premium, or a Premium less in Value than the Sum of has been paid or con-traded for with such Apprentice, the Duties following; videlicet,

Where One such Cleric, Book-keeper, or Office-keeper, and no more, shall be so emploved, the Sum of	-

And where more than One such Clerk, Bookkeeper, or Office-keeper shall be so emploved, for each the Sum of For every Male Perfon employed by any Perfon m Trade as a Shopman, for the Purpofe of exposing to Sale or felling Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in such Shop or Warehouse, whether by Wholefale or Retail; and every Male Perfon employed as a Warehouseman, Porter, or Cellarman m such Shop or Warehouse, except Apprentices as aforesaid, the Sum of	-	-

The said Duties to be paid by the Employer or Employers of such Perfons, and to extend to every Body Politic or Corporate, whether Aggregate or Sole, and to every Society,

Fraternity, or Partnerlhip, although not Corporate; and to every Manufa&ure or Concern fexcept Hulbandry ) whereby the Employer mall leek a Profit.

For every Male Servant employed as a Waiter (except occasional Waiters, over and above tht.ordinary Number ufuallv kept) in any Taverns, Coffee Houles,

Inns, Alenouses, or other licensed Houles, or in Eating or Vi&ualling Houles, or in Hotels or Lodging Houles, being Eating or Vi&ualling Houles, the Sum of -	-	-	-	-

For every Male Servant retained by any Stable-keeper to take care of any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, of any other Perfon or Perfona kept for the Purpofe of racing or running for any Plate, Prize, Sum of Money, or other Thing, or any Horle, Mare, or Gelding, in training.for any of the laid Purposes, whereby such Stable-keeper shall gain a Livelihood or Profit, the Sum of For every Male Sersant bona fide retained for the ‘Purpoles of Hulbandry, Manufe&ure, or Trade, by which the Matter or Miftrefs shall ran a Livelihood or Profit, and at any Time employed in any Domeftic Employment in any of the Capacities in Schedule.

S	CC),	No,

* X «

*	♦	9

8CHEDULE (C.) Malb 8brtanti—tm/iW.

)[C.), No. I. And not chargeable to the Duties in the aid Schedule* the Sum of	-

For every* Male Servant bona fide retained for the Pur-

Eofes of Hufbandry, or any Manufadure or Trade y which the Mafter or Miftreft ft»Ji gain a Livelihood or Profit, and at any Time employed in the Capacity of a Groom, Stable B^y, or Helper to the Stables, where the Mafter or Mifaefs shall be chargeable for One Horse, and no more, to the Duty on Horfes kept for the Purpofes of riding, or drawing a Taxed Cart, or to the Duty on such Taxed Can, and not oii any other Carriage chargeable with Duty by this Aft, the Sum of	-	*

The said laft*mention?d Duties to be paid by the Employer, or Mafter or Miftrefs of such Perfons or Servants.

£.

O

o

i* d% 6 o

0r whosi tobepaM.

Schedule (C.) No. 4.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on SERVANTS let to Hire.

For every Coacliman, Groom, Poftillkm, or Helper, kept for the Purpofe of being let to Hire for any Period.of Time left than One Year, and in such Manner that the Stamp Office Duty payable by Law on Horfea let to Hire shall not be payable on every such Letting by any Poft master, Innkeeper, or other Ferfoo, duly licepfed to let Poft Horfes by the Com-miffioners for managing the Duties on (tamped Vel lam. Parchment, and Paper, or by any Coachmaker or Maker of such Carriages, or other Perfon, the annual Sum of	-_________

2

4___?

The laid Duty to be paid by the Perfon or Perfons letting the ftme to hire; provided, that if the Perfon or Perfons hiring the fame shall not make a Return thereof according to the Directions of this Ad*, then and in every such Cafe the progressive Duty made $ s.ofthu payable by Schedule (C.) No. x. shall be chargeable in respect of <md§4i every such Servant on toe Perfon or Perfons hiring such Servant, of 43 G. a. and making such Default as aforesaid, according to the Number c< 161 * of Servants retained by him, her, or them, in the Manner directed by the A$.

EXEMPTIONS from the laft-mentioned Duties, as fet forth

in Schedules (C.) No. i, a, 3, and 4*.	sdnU&Qi.)

I.—The laid Duties not to be payable by any Perfon who shall have retained or employed bond jide any Male Servant solely for the Hufbandry Pnvpofes of Hufbanary or Mftnufacture, or of any Trade or Calling Servants, by trludi die Mafter or Miftreft of such Servant Audi earn a Livelihood

48? GEO. IH.

A.D. i8®3



poB«ge Servants.

Jloyal Family's , Servants.

Hofpital

Servants.

Office**'

Servants.

Servants to

fupply those wider Military Training.

&SJ.

hood or Profit, and who hath not at any Time or Occafion,, or in any Manner, or for any Purpose, been employed m. any of the Capacities enumerated in Schedules (C.), No. i and 2, nor in any of the Capacities enumerated in Schedules (C.), No. 3 and 4, yrhereon any Duty is specifically made payable.

II.	—The said Duties not to be* payable by any College or Hall within either of the Univerfities of Oxford or Cambridge, or the several Colleges of West minder, Eton, or Winchester, for any Butler, Manciple, Cooky Gardener, or Porter; nor by any of the Royal family, for any Servant acting in any of the Capacities aforesaid.

III.	—The said Duties not to be payable by any of the Royal Hofpitals of Chjrift, Saint Bartholomew, Bridewell, Bethlem, Saint Thomas; in the City of London and Borough of Southwark, or Guy’s, or the Foundling Hofpital.

IV.	—The said Duties not to be payable by any Officer serving in any Regiment of Horse or Dragoons under the Rank, or not receiving the Pay of a Field Officer;

Nor by any Officer serving in any Regiment of Artillery, In-fantiy. Royal Marines, Royal Garrifon Battalions, or Corps of Engineers, for any Servant being actually a Soldier in the Regiment, Troop, or Company, to which luch Oflicer shall belong :

Nor by any Officer in His Majefty’s Navy, under the Rank of a Mailer and Commander, in actual Employ for any Servant borne upon the Books of the Ship to which such Officer shall belong:

Nor by any Officer on Half Pay from His Majefty’s Navy, Army, or Marines, who shall have been difablcd by Lois of a Limb or Wound received in His Majefty’s Service;

Every such Officer retaining or employing One Male Servant only,

V—The laid Duties not to be payable for any Perfons retained or employed in the above Capacities, in the Room of others who may be called out under any Ad which h,as been pafied or which shall be pafied for training and exercising a Military Force within these Kingdoms, during the Time of such training and exercising,

SCHEDULE (D.)

No. 1.

A SCHEDULE of the DUTIES payable on all CARRIAGES of any of the Descriptions mentioned herein.

	NUMBER of CARRIAGES.  ~" 1	Amount of Duty for each Carriage.
	For Carriages with Four Wheels:	£. /. d.
For 1 such Carriage, the annual Sum of -		11 5 0
2	Dq. - -	12 7 0
3	Do. - -	13 10 0
4	Do. - *	14 0 0
5	Uo* • ?	14 12 0  For

NUMBER OF CARRIAGES.	Amount of Dutjfor each Carriage.
For Carriages with Four Wheels s	£• s. d.
For 6 such Carriages, the annual Sum of	^30
7 Do. - r	15 14 O
8 Do. • • r- -	16 y 0
9 Do* and upwards «	16 16 Q
And for every additional Body fuccefiively used on	
the fame Carriage pr Number of Wheels, the fur-	
ther Sum of • - -	y 12 0

Schedule (D.) No. 2.

For Carriages with less than Four Wheels;

For every such Carriage (except Taxed Carts, con-ftru&ed, kept, and used under the Regulations of this A&) drawn by One Horse, Mare, or Gelding, and no more	-	-

And for every such Carriage, drawn by Two or more Horfes, Mares, or Geldings And for every additional Body, of the Defcription herein-after mentioned, fuccefiively used on the fame Carriage or Number of Wheels, the further Sum of

£.	/.	-7,
5	18	0
8	5	0
X	16	0

RULES for charging the said Duties in the Two foregoing Schedules.

I.—The said Duties to be respectively charged for every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaifc Marine, Chaise, Sociable, or Caravan, with Four Wheels; and for every Calash, Chaife Marine, Chaise, Curricle, Chair, or Car, with less than Four Wheels, or any Number thereof respectively; and for every other Carriage with Four Wheels, or with less than Four Wheels, respectively used or to-be used for the like Purposes, by whatever Name or Names the fame shall be called or known, kept by any Perfon or Perfons for his, her, or their own Ufe, or hired by the Year, or any longer Period; and upon all such Carriages kept to be let out to Hire, or to carry Pafiengers for Hire (except such Carriages for which other Duties are herein-after made payable) and which Duties shall be respectively paid by the Perfon or Perlons keeping such Carriages, and shall be chargeable upon the Body, or, if more than One, upon the Bodies of such Carriages respectively, according to the Number thereof fuccefiively used on the fame Carriage or Number of Wheels in the Manner before directed, and not in reipeft of the Wheels thereof or any other Parts of such Carriages to which the Wheels shall be attached.

Schedule



4*° geo. ni

A«D« 18off<

»5.«

Ctrritgn hired oat for a Time not exceeding ftftDtys,

Carriages hired out for left then

%Y«r.

*See $S.qfthi» Aft, end § 41 43 G|3i CU61.

Schedule (D.) N>>. 3;

For Carriages hired for any Period of Time less than d One Year, or kept to be let to hire, or to carry PafTengers:

For every fucb Carnage kept for the Pureofe of being let to hire, with Horfes to be used therewith, for any Period of Time not exceeding Twenty-eight Days, so that the Stamp Office Duty, payable by Law on Horfes let to fore, frail be duly paid ana satisfied on every such letting by any Poftmaster, Innkeeper, or other Perfon duly licensed to let Poll Horfes, by the Commissioners tor managing the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and whereon the Name or Names, and Place of Abode of the Perfon or Perfon* so licensed frail be marked pr painted, according to the Dire&ions of the Aft in that Cafe made and provided} if such Carriage frail have Four Wheels, the Sum of

And if such Carriage frail have less than Four Wheels, the respective Sums mentioned in Schedule (D.) No. 2. according to the Number of Horfes used therewith, as therein mentioned.

And for every Coach, Diligence, Caravan, or Chaife with Four Wheels pr more, pr other Carriage with r Four Wheels or more, by Whatever Name the fame frail be called or known, which frail be kept and employed as a publick Stage-Coach or Carriage for the Purpofe of conveying PafTengers for Hire to and from different Places, and which frail be duly entered such with the said Commissioners of Stamp Dptips, the like Sum of All which laft-mentioned Duties ihaH respectively be paid by the Perfon or Perfons keeping the fame, for the Purpofes aforesaid.

For every Carriage kept for the Purpofe of being let to hire for any Period of Time less than One Year, and in such Manner that the said Stamp Office Duty frail not by Law be payable on such letting by any Perfon so licensed as aforesaid, or by any Coach-maker or Maker of such Carriages, or other Perfon, if such Carriage frail have Four Wheels, the annual Sum of	-

The laid laft-mentioned Duty to be paid by the Perfon or Per-i Tons keeping the fame for the Purpofes aforesaid.

Provided, if a due Return thereof frail not be made by die Hirer or Hirers according to the Direftions of the Afts herein mentioned *, the progressive Duty as fet forth in Schedule (D.) No. 1. shall be chargeable in respect of every fucb Carriage on the Perfon or Pey Tons hinng the fame, and making such Default as aforesaid, subject to the Provinons contained in the laid Afts concerning the fame*

9	9	9

U

An4

And if such Carriage shall have less than Four Wheels, the irfp ve Sums mentioned in Schedule (D.) No. 2» according to the Number of Horfes to be used therewith, to be paid by the Per-fon or Perfons keeping the fame for the Purpofe aforesaid, subject to the Provifioos kerein-after contained concerning the fame.

Schedule (D.) No. 4.' For Taxed* Carts.

For every Ca-riage with less than Four Wheels, to be drawn by One Horse, Mare, or Gelding, and no more, which shall be built and constructed wholly of Wood and Iron, without any Covering other than a tilted Covering, and without any Lining or Springs, whether the lame be made of Iron, Wood, Leather, or other Materials, and with a fixed Seat, without Slings or Braces, and without any Ornament whatever, other than Paint of a dark Colour for the Pre-fervation of the Wood or Iron only, and which shall have the Words •« A Taxed Cart,” and the Owner’s Chriftran and Surname, and Place of Abode, marked or painted on a black Ground in white Letters, or on a white Ground in black Letters, on the Outfide of the back Paonel or back Part of such Carriage, in Words at full Length, each of the Letters thereof being at least One Inch in Length, and of a Breadth in Proportion, and the Price o? which (Repairs ex* cepted) shall not have.exceeded, or the Value thereof shall not at any Time exceed the Sum of £12 Ster ling, which shall be kept by any Perfon or Perfons 1 for his, her, or their own Ule, and not for Hire, the annual Sum of	-	-	-|

£.

1



6

4

6

Save and except always all Carriages built and constructed as aforesaid, belonging to any Perfon or rerfons who are or shall be liable to be afiefied to the before-mentioned Duties in respect of a Four-wheeled Carriage, or who are or shall be liable to be afiefied to the before-mentioned Duties on Male Servants in respect of Two such Male Servants, which Perfons respectively shall be charged for such Carriages, although, built and conftru&eo as aforesaid, at the Rate ^referibed in Schedule (D.) No. 2. for Carriages with less than Four

EXEMPTIONS from the several DUTIES in Schedules (D.) No. i, 2,3, and 4*.

Cafe I.—Any Carnages belonging to His Majesty, or any of the Royal Family.

Cafe II.—Any Coach or Coaches, licensed by the Commissioners for Hackney Coaches within the Cities of London and West minder,

and

Except where Party it chargeable ibr Four-wheeled Carriages, or for Two Straits.

* And fie

Schedule (M.)

Royal Family.

Hackney

Coaches,

48* GEO. ID.

A.D..X808.

*5*

c.«.

Coachmafors* Carriage* for Sale*

Cart*.

and the Suburbs thereof, to be used as Hackney Coaches there* and numbered according to Law.

Cafe III.—Any Carriage kept by any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, at any Time after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight, bona fide for the Purpofe of Sale, or of being lent to any Peifon whose Carriage being of the fame Denomination or Defcription shall be then making, mending, or repairing by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, and during the Time the fame shall be neceifarily under Repair ; provided such Carriage shall not at any Time, whilst in the PofTeflion of such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, be employed for his or her own Ufe, or let to Hire, or otherwise lent than as aforesaid.

Cafe IV.—Any. Cart which shall be kept truly an<f without Fraud to be used wholly in the Affairs of Hufbandry, or in the Carriage of Goods in the Courfe of Trade, and whereon the Name and Place of Refidence of the Owner, and the Words u Common Stage Cart” shall be legibly painted, although the Owner, or his or her Servant or Servants, /hall or may occasionally ride therein or thereon when laden, or when returning from &ny Place to which, or when going to any Place from which any Load shall have been or shall be to be carried in such Carriage in the Couife of Hufbandry or Trade; or for conveying the Owners thereof or their Families to or from any Place of Divine Wdrfhip on Sunday, or on Chriftmas Day, or on Good Friday, or on any Day appointed for a Publick Faff or Thankfgiving, or for carrying Perfons going to or returning from the Ele&ions of Members to serve in Parliament, in cafe such Carriage shall not have been or be used for any other Purpofe of riding thereon or therein, save as aforesaid, or shall not have been or be let to Hire, for any of such Purpofes of riding therein or thereon.

Schedule (D.) No. 5.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Coacbmakers, and Makers of other Carriages chargeable with Duty by this A£t, and on Carriages made or fold as herein mentioned..

By every Perfon who shall carry on the Trade of a Coachmaker or Maker of any Carriages chargeable with Duty by this A& in Great Britain, the annual Duty of	-

By every such Coachmaker or Maker of such Carriages as aforesaid, for every such Carriage with Four Wheels which he or (he shall make, build, or conftru& for Sale, the Sum of	-

And for every such Carriage with Two Wheels, which he or (he shall make, build, or conlirudt for Sale, the Sum of

£.

o

1

o



6

2

11

d.

,0

6

1

Schedule

Schedule (D.) No. 6.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Perfons felling any CARRIAGES^ chargeable with Duty by this Aft, by Auftion or on Commiflion.

By every Perfon who shall fell any Carriage chargeable with Duty by this Aft, by way of Auftion or on Commission, tor or in Expeftation of Profit or Reward, in Great Britain, the annual Duty of By every such Perfon for every such Carriage with Four Wheels which he or (he shall fell by Auftion or on Commission, for or in Expeftation of Profit or Reward as aforesaid, the Sum of And for every such Carriage with Two Wheels, which he or (he shall fell by Auftion or on Commission, for or in Expeftation of Profit or Reward as aforesaid, the Shm of	-	-

£.

o

i

o

/.

6

2

II

d.

O

*

3

SCHEDULE (E.)

No. i.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable for all HORSES, MARES, and GELDINGS, kept and used by any Perfon or Perfons for the Purpofe of riding, or for the Purpofe of drawing any Carriage chargeable with Duty by Schedule (D.)

	, ■' ■ ■ ■ - ■ c— ■  NUMBER thereof.	Amount of Duty for each Horse, Mare, or Gilding.	
For i such Horse, Mare, or Gelding		£.  2	x. d*  12 6
2 such Horfes, Mares, or Geldings		4	9 6
3	Ditto ....	4	18 6
4	- Ditto -	5	2 O
5	- Ditto ...	5	3 °
6	- Ditto - -	5	7 6
7	- Ditto - -	5	IO o
8	Ditto - -	5	IO -o
9	- Ditto - - * -	5	12 O
IO	Ditto	5	17 6
ii	Ditto - -	s	17 6
12	Ditto - - '	5	17 6
*3	- Ditto -	s	18 0
H	. Ditto	5	18 0
*5	- Ditto -	5	18 0
16	- Ditto	5	18 0
U	- Ditto	5	18 6
18	- Ditto	5	19 6
l9	- Ditto - -	6	0 0
20	and upwards *	6	1 0

RULES

SCHEDULE (E.)—Hoksss, &c.

RULES for charging the said Duties.

The said Duties to be payable annually for every Horfe^ Mare, or Gelding, used on any Occafion for the Pufpofe of riding, or of drawing any Carnage for which any Duty is payable by tnis A&, or hired by the Year, or any longer Period, and to be paid by the Perfon or Perfons using the fame, except as aftermentioned.

*And fee Schedule (M.)

Hufbandry Horfe#, &c.

Faraqwt under 701. at Rack Rent*

Horfefbr Taxed Cart.

EXEMPTIONS from the said Duties in Schedule (E.) No. t *.

I.	—Any Perfon or Perfons who shall keep any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, which .(hall be used truly and without Fraud for the Pur-pofe of Hu(bandry, or of drawing any Carriage (except such Carriages as are liable to any Duty by this Ad, or carrying Burthens in the Courfe of the Trade or Occupation of the Perfon or Per* fons to whom such Horse, Mare, or Gelding shall belong,) although such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, shall be used for riding on the Occafions and in Manner herein-after mentioned; that is to (ay, when returning from any Place to which any Load or Burthen shall have by iuch Horse, Mare, or Gelding, been drawn or carried, or in going to any Place from whence any Load or Burthen shall be to be brought back by any such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or on account of such Horse, Mare, or Gelding having been used for the Purpofe of riding to procure Medical Aflmance, or for the Purpofe of riding to or from Market, or to or from any Place of Publick Worship, or to or from any Eledion of Members to serve in Parliament, or to or from any Courts of Juftice, or to or fiom any Meeting of the Commifiioners of Taxes; provided such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, shall not on any Occafion be used for any other Purpofe Tave as aforesaid.

II.	-—Any Perfon occupying a Farm as Tenant at Rack Rent, the Rent of wnicli shall be lelis than £70 a Year, and making a Livelihood solely thereby; or any Perfon occupying any Eftate on any other Tenure than as Tenant at Rack Rent, solely, or foch Estate, together with a Farm at Rack Rent, the Value of which in the Whole shall be less than equivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of j£yo a Year; (reckoning the Value of every Eftate occupied by the Owner thereof, or on any Tenure other than as Tenant at Rack Rent, as equivalent to double the Amount of the like Farm at Rack Rent); and making a Livelihood solely by such his own Estate, or by such Eftate and Farm jointly, and using occasionally for the Purpofe of riding any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, which shall be bona fide kept and usually employed for the Purpofes of Hufoandry.

III.	—Any Perfon occupying a Farm, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or any Perfon carrying on a Trade, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or making a Livelihood by such Occupation and Trade jointly ; or any Ecclefiaftical Perfon not possessed of an Annual Income of £.100 or upwards, whether arising fiom any Ecclefiaftical Preferment or otherwise; for One Horse, Mare, or

• Geldiug used only for the Purpofe of drawing any Carriage with left than Four Wheels, liable to the Duty hereby made payable on Taxed Carts. '	.

Schedule

Schedule (E.) No. 2.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on HORSES let to Hire.

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, let to Hire for £, x. d, the Purpofe of riding, or of drawing any such Carriage as afore laid, for any Period of Time less than One Year, in any Manner so that the Stamp Office Duty, payable by Law on Horfes let to Hire, shall not be payable, the Sum of	-	-	-	2	13

To be charged annually on the Perfon or Perfons letting the fame; provided, if a due Return thereof shall not be made by the Hirer or Hirers, according to this A&#, the progressive Duty, as fet forth in Schedule (E.) No. 1. shall be chargeable in respect of every such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, on the Perfon or Perfons hiring the fame, and makin&r such Default as aforesaid, subject to the Provifions contained in tnis Ad concerning the fame.

Schedule (E.) No. 3.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on HORSES kept for the Purpofe of racing or running for any Plate, Prize, or Sum of Money, or other Thing, or kept in training for any of die said Purpofes.

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, bona fide kept for £.	d,

the Purpofe of racing or running for any Plate,

Prize, or Sum of Money, or other Thing, or kept in training for any of the said Purposes, whether in the Stables of the Proprietor or Proprietors, or of any other Perfon or Perfons, the Sum of -	-	a	13	6

The said Duty to be charged annually on the Perfon or Perfons having the Cuftody, Charge, or Management of such Horfes, Mares, or Geldings.

SCHEDULE (F.)

No. 1.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable for all HORSES, MARES, and GELDINGS, not charged with any Duty according to the Schedule (E.) No. 1, 2, and 3, and also on Mules.

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, not chargeable £. s, d, with any Duty according to the Schedule (E.)

No. 1, 2, and 3, as aforesaid, and for every Mule, except in the Cafes herein-after mentioned wherein other Duties are made payable, the Sum of___________-	o	14	0

*See § 5. qf this c$4i^

48 Geo. Ill

M

Schedule

Schedule (F.) No. 2.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on HUSBANDRY HORSES, in the Cafes herein-after mentioned.

Any person occupying a Farm at Rack Rent, the Rent of which shall be less than £20 a Year, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or occupying any Eftate on any other Tenure than as Tenant at Rack Rent solely, or such other Estate, together with a Farm at Rack Rent, the Value of which in the whole shall be less than equivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of j£20 a Year, (reckoning the Value of every Eftate occupied by the Owner thereof, or on any Tenure other than as Tenant at Rack Rent, as equivalent to double the Amount of the like Farm at Rack Rent,) and making a Livelihood solely by such his own Estate, or by such Eftate and Farm, jointly, or principally thereby, and likewise a Profit by any Trade or Employment, and keeping not more than Two Horfes, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, bona fide for the Purpofe of such Occupation, shall be charged for each of such Two Horfes, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of	-

Any Perfon occupying a Farm at Rack Rent in Wales or Scotland, the Rent of which shall be less than £10 Sterling a Year, and making a Livelihood principally thereby, or occupying any Eftate on any other Tenure than as Tenant at Rack Ren/t, or such other Estate, together with a Farm at Rack Rent, the Value of which in the Whole shall be less than equivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of £10 Sterling a Year, (reckoning the Value of every Eftate occupied by the Owner thereof, or on any Tenure other than as Tenant at Rack Rent, as equivalent to double the Amount of the' like Farm at Rack Rent), and making a Livelihood principally thereby, and likewise a Profit by any Trade or Employment, and keeping not more than Two Horfes, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, bona fide for the Purpofes of such Occupation, and of such Trade or Employment jointly, or either of them separately, shall be charged for each of such Two Horfes, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of

£.

o

o

/• d.

Z IO

2 IO

RULES for charging the Duties, as fet forth in Schedule (F.)

No. 1, and 2.

The said Duties to be chaiged annually, and paid by the Perfon or Perfons keeping or using such Horfes, -Mares, Geldings or Mules, and to be payable for every Horse, Mare or Gelding, and Mule, which shall not be chargeable nor have been charged with any Duty

payable

;----------------------------------\

SCHEDULE (F.)—Horses, &c.—continued.

payable in that Year, according to the preceding Schedule, marked (E.) by virtue of the Rules or Exemptions therein contained, except as herein-after is mentioned*

EXEMPTIONS from the Duties in Schedule (t.) No. 1, and 2.

Any Perfon whatever, for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, not being by due Admeafureraent of the Height of Thirteen Hands, of Four Inches to each Hand, or which shall not at any Time whatever have been used for any Piirpofe of Labour or otherwise.

EXEMPTIONS to the several Duties, as fet forth in the

feveral Schedules marked (E.)* and (F.)	* And fie

Cafe I.—Any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, belonging to His Ma-jefty, or any of the Royal Family.

Cafe II.—Any Poftmaster, Innkeeper, or other Perfon, licensed PoftmalUrt. for that Purpofe by the Commiflioners appointed to manage the Duties charged on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in respect of any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, let to Hire by him or her, in any Manner where the Stamp Office Duty payable on Horfes let to Hire shall be duly satisfied and paid on each letting, and which shall not, on any Occafion, be used for any other Purpote.

Cafe III.—Any Perfon duly licensed to keep any Carriage what* Stage Coach ever, to be employed as a publick Stage Coach or Carriage for the Matter*. Purpofe of conveying Paflengers for Hire from different Places in Great Britain, in respect of any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, which i9 or shall be actually and solely used and employed by such Perfon in drawing such Stage Coach or Carriage from Place to Place for Hire.

Cafe IV.—Any Perfon licensed by the Commiflioners for Hackney Hackney Coaches within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Coschmen. Suburbs thereof, to keep any Hackney Coach or Coaches, for any Horfes, Mares, or Geldings, kept for the Purpofe of drawing such Coach, in respect of the Duties in Schedule (E.)No. 1. and for Two Horfes, Mares, or Geldings, and no more,' kept for the Purpofe of drawing each Coach so licensed in respect to the Duties in Schedule (F.) No. 1.

Cafe V.—Any Dealer in Horfes, assessed to the Duties made pay- Horfe-Dealer*. able by this Aft on such Dealers, for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, belonging to such Dealer, and kept bona fide for Sale, and not kept or used tor any other Purpofe or in any other Manner.

Cafe VI.—Any Perfon who, on account of Poverty, shall be Poor Perfon*. discharged from the Aflefiment made in respect of his or her Dwelling House, in pursuance of the Regulations of any of the Afts herein-mentioned, for any Horse, Mare or Gelding, provided such Perlon shall not keep more than One such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, and the fame shall not be let to Hire.

Cafe VII.—-Any Reftor, Vicar, or Curate, actually doing Duty Curates, in the Church or Chapel of which he is Reftor, Vicar, or Curate, who shall not be pofleued of an Income of sixty Pounds per Annum ot upwards, whether arising from Ecclefiaftical Preferment or other-

M 2

wife;

Commanding Officer* of Volunteen.

Officers and Frivatesof Volunteer Cavalry.

44 G. 3. C. 54. «11.

Soldiers.

wife; and who shall not keep more than one Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for the Purpofe of riding, winch otherwise would be chargeable with Duty according to the Provifions of this Adi, except such Per-fon who shall ocoafionally perform the Duty appertaining to any Redlor, Vicar, or Curate, without being the regular officiating Minifler of the Parifti or Place in which such Duty shall be performed.

Cafe VIII.—Any effedlive Officer commanding a Volunteer Corps claiming and returning his Exemption for such Number of Horfes, Mares, or Geldings as he shall have been required to keep for His Majefty’s Service in such Corps and no more, in the Manner required by the said laft-mentioned Adt.

Cafe IX.—Any Field Officer not being Commandant, and any Adjutant of any Volunteer Corps, and any Perfon serving in any Corps of Yeomanry Volunteer Cavalry, or providing a Hone, Mare, or Gelding for any other Perfon serving in any such Corps who shall be returned in the Manner required by Law as effedlive, and as having used any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for such Service on the several Days of Muller and Exercife of such Corps; provided in every such lafl-mentioned Cafe the Exemption shall be claimed and returned in the Manner required by the said laft-mentioned Adi, and a Certificate shall be delivered of such effedlive Service in the Manner required by the Eleventh Scdlion of an Adi passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,44 An Adi to consolidate and amend the Provifions of the several Adis relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further Regulations relating thereto.”

Cafe X.—Any Non-commiffioned Officer or Private of any of the Regiments of Cavalry, or in the Artillery, for any Horse used in His Majcfty’s Service.

SCHEDULE (G.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties made payable on DOGS.

For every Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier, the annual Sum of For every Dog of whatever Defcription or Denomination the lame may be, where any Perfon shall keep Two or more Dogs, either for his or her own Ufc, or the Ufe of any other Perfon or Perfons, the annual Sum of For every Dog not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier, kept by any Perfon having One such Dog, and no more, whether the fame be kept for his or her own Ufe, or the Ufe of any other Perfon or Perfons, the annual Sum of	-

£.

o

o

o

/•

11

11

7

I

6



o

The said Duties to be paid by the Perfons respectively keeping such Dogs.

3

EXEMPTIONS

AJXi8o8*	480	GEO*	III*	C«	jj.

EXEMPTIONS from the Duties in Schedule (G.) *

Cafe I.—Any Dog belonging to His Majcfly, or any of the Royal Family.

Cafe II.—Any Perfon who, on account of Poverty, shall be dif-charged from the AffefTment made in respect of his or her Dwelling House in pursuance of the Regulations of any of the A&s herein mentioned, and having'One Dog, and no more, the fame not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier.

Cafe III.—Any Perfon in rcfpe& of a Dog or Whelp, which at the Time of returning the Lift of Dogs as by this A& is required, /hall not actually be of the Age of Six Calendar Months.

Cafe IV.—Any Perfon in respect of the w'hole Number of Hounds by him or her kept in Great Britain, who shall compound for the fame, in any Year within Thirty Days after the Fifth Day of dipril in {uch Year, in pursuance of Notice given to the Collector or CoRe&ors of the (aid Duty for any Parifh or Place, where such Perfon shall be liable to be affeffect, of his or her Iutention so to do, and on Payment of the full Sum of Thirty-four Pounds Sterling to such Col-k&or or Collectors, for which a Receipt shall be given within the Period before-mentioned.

SCHEDULE (H.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by HORSE DEALERS.

Every Perfon who shall use or exercise the Trade and £.	/•

Bufinefs of a Horfe-Dealer within the Cities of London and West min Her, and the Liberties of the fame itfpe&ively, the Parifhes of Saint Mary-Ie-bone and Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlefcx, the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, the annual Duty of 22	10

Every Perfon who shall use or exercise the Trade and Bufinefs of a Horse Dealer in any other Part of Great Britain, the annual Duty of______________-	-	11	5

d.

o

o

SCHEDULE (I.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Perfons in refpcfk of HAIR POWDER used or worn by them.

jff, /. d»

By every Perfon who shall have used or worn any Hair Powder within the Period limited by any of the A£U herein mentioned, the annual Sum of -	*136

RULES for charging the said Duties.

I.—The said Rate or Duty to extend to every Sort or Compofition of Powder used or worn by any Perfon as an Article of; or in, or

M 3	about;

165

• And fee Schedule VM),

Royal Family.

Poot Pcrfona,

Whelp*.

Packs of Hounds compounded for.

How ch*igeabl%

'tJ .married Daughters.

Servants.

Royal Family.

Naval and Military OMicers.

SCHEDULE (I.)—Hair Powder—continued*

about, his or her Drefs, by whatever Name the fame shall be diftin-guished, and to be assessed upon and paid by the Perfon having used or worn the fame within the Year preceding the Term for which the Afieflment ought to be made, except as herein-after mentioned.

II.	—T!u* unmarried Daughters of any Perfon shall not be chargeable with the said laft-mentioned Duties by this A& made payable, or with the Duties payable at the Time of pafling this A&, or be required to make any Return under this Ad, or the Ads in force at the Time of pafling this Ad, provided the Pardnt of such Daughters shall have more than Two unmarried Daugliters, and shall have given an Account in any Lift by him or her delivered under this Ad, or the Ads now in force, of the whole Number of such Daugliters, and shall have required to be aflfefled and charged for the whole Number by One Afleflinent, in which Cafe every such Parent shall be assessed and charged in respect to the whole Number of such Daughters in Twice the Sum so payable on any (ingle Perfon for his or her having worn Hair Powder, which shall exempt the whole Number of Daughters from the said Duties, and eacli of them 5 and that neither the rerfon giving such Account, or any of the Perfons returned in such Account, in respect of whom such Charge shall be made, shall in such Cafe be liable to any of the Penalties imposed by this Ad, or the Ads now in force, by reason of the Duty not being paid for the whole Number of such Daughters.

III.	—The Mafter or Miftrefs of any Servant who shall have declared his or her Intention to pay the Duty which may be charged or chargeable as aforesaid in re(pcd of such Servant, and shall in any Lift or Lifts returned by him or her have given a true Account of all the Servants by him or her kept, in respect of whom such Duty shall be payable, setting forth the several Capacities in which such Servants are respectively kept, shall be charged for such Servant or Servants; and in every such Cafe, every such Servant shall be deemed and construed to be exempted from the said Duties during his, her, or their Continuance in the fame Service 5 and also every Servant, who shall come into the Service of such Mafter or Miftrefs in the room of such Servant named therein, to serve in the fame Capacity during the Year in which the Duty shall be so charged ; and no Servant named in such Lift or Lifts, or any Servant serving such Mafter or Miftrefs in any Capacity'mentioned in such Lift or Lifts, shall, during the Year for which such Duty shall be charged, be required for himself or herself to make anv such Return, or to pay the said Duties, or either of them, nor be fiable to any Penalty by reason of no^ making any such Return, or npt paying the said Duty.

EXEMPTIONS from the said Dutie$.

I.	—Any of the Royal Family, and any of the menial Servants of His Majesty, or any ot the Royal Family.

II.	—Any Officer in actual Employ in His Majefty’s Navy, under the Rank of Commander ; or any Officer holding a Commiffion iu His Majefty’s Navy under the said Rank, who (half be employed on the Eftabliffiment of the Royal Hofpital at Greeuwich; or any Subaltern

5	or

SCHEDULE (I.)—Hair Powder—continued,

or Non-commiffioned Officer or private Man belonging to any Regiment in the Army, Artilleiy, Militia, Divifion of Marines, or Corps of Engineers ; or any Perion in rolled and actually serving in any Volunteer Corps or Body of Men associated for the Defence of any City, Town, or Place, and for maintaining publick Tranquillity and good Order within the fame, whether of Infantry or Cavalry, which now are or hereafter shall be raised; provided that every such Perfon inrolled and serving as aforesaid, so claiming to be exempted, {hall make such Return as by this Aft is direfted*, with respect to the Claim of Exemptions; provided, that every such Claim shall be proved by the Certificate of the Commanding Officer of the Corps, in the Form in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (N.)f and according to the Regulations of this Aft in othet Cafes of Exemption by luch Volunteers.

III.—Any Clergyman who shall not be possessed of an Annual Income of 100/. or upwards, whether arising from Ecclefiaftical Preferment or otherwise; or any Preacher or Preachers of any Congregation of DifTenters, or any Perfon diiTenting from the Church of England, in Holy Orders, or pretended Holy Orders, who now is or at any Time hereafter shall be entitled to the Benefit of the Statute made in the First Year of the Reign of the late King William and Queen Mary, intituled, 1 An Aft for exempting Their Majefties’

*	Proteftant Subjefts di(Tenting from the Church of England from the

*	Penalties of certain Laws 5* or of the Statute made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 1 An Aft for ‘ the further Relief of Proteftant Diflentiog Minifters and School-1 mailers ;* or of the Statute, made in the Thirty-firft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ‘ An Aft to relieve, upon ‘ Conditions and under Reftriftions, the Perfons therein described, 1 from certain Penalties and Difabilities to which Papicts, or Perfons

*	profefling the Popifh Religion, are by Law subject,’ and who shall not be possessed of an Annual Income of 100/. or upwards, however arising ; and the Income arising from any Benefice or Benefices shall be estimated on the Average Amount thereof, computed on the Period of Seven Years next preceding that on which such Exemption shall be claimed.

SCHEDULE (K.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Perfons in respect of any Armorial Bearing or Ensign, used or worn by them, by whatever Name the fame shall be called ; videlicet,

By every such Perfon chargeable with any Duty made £. payable by this Aft, for any Coach or other Carriage, the Annual Sum of	-	-	-	2

By every such Perfon not chargeable for any such Coach or other Carriage, but who shall be chargeable to any of the Duties on Inhabited Houfcs, or to the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, 'made payable by this Aft, the Annual Sum of - J 1

M4

«f« dm

8 Q

By

■ 167

Soldiers.

Volunteers.

* Scr $ 5 oj this AH &

4:1 G. 3. c. 161. $ 36.

Clergymen, Kte.

1 W.

ft. 1. c. is.

19 G. 3. c.44. ,

31 G, 3. c. 32.

Royal Family. Public Offices.

By every such Perfon not chargeable for any such Coach £.	/.	Jm

or other Carriage, nor being chargeable to the laid Duties on Inhabited Houles, or to the Duties on Houses,, Windows, or Lights, the Annual Snm of	12

The said Duties to be paid by every Perfon having used or caused to be used any Armorial Bearing or Ensign, by whatever Name the fame is or shall be calied, within the Year preceding the Term for which the AiTeiTment ought to be made, and to extend to every Perfon who within the said Period shall have been possessed of, or shall have kept or had any Coach or other Carriage chargeable with the Duty by this Ad, or any Seal, Plate, or other Article, on which Carriage, Seal, Plate, or other Article, any Armorial Bearing or Enfign is or shall have been, during the said Period, painted, engraved, marked, or affixed, and whether such Armorial Bearing or Enfign shall be registered in the College of Arms or not.

EXEMPTIONS from the said Duties as fet forth in Schedule (K.)

Any of the Royal Family ; or any Perfon who shall, by Right of Office or by Appointment, have worn or used any of the Arms or Infignia worn «or used by the Royal Family, or used in any City, Borough, or Town Coiporate, in that Part of Great Britain before deferibed.

SCHEDULE (L.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties made payable in respect of killing GAME.

Upon every Perfon who shall use any Dog, Gun, NetL or other Engine, for the Purpofe of taking or killing any Game whatever, or any Woodcock, Snipe, Quail, or Landrail, or any (Monies, in any Part of Great Britain :

If such Perfon shall be a Servant to any Perfon duly charged in respect of such Servant to the Duties

Santed on Servants by this Ad, and shall use any og, Gun, Net, or other Engine, for any of the Purpofes before mentioned, upon any Manor or Royalty in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, or upon any Lands in Scotland, by virtue of any Deputation or Appointment, duly registered or en< tered as Game-keeper thereto, there (nail be charged the Annual Sum of	-

And i£ such Pe.fon as last aforesaid shall not be a Servant foi whom the said Duties on Servants shall .be charged, there shall be charged the Annual Sum of Upon every other Perfon who shall use any Dog, Gun, Net; or other Engine, for any of the Purpofes be-forc-nticned, there shall be charged the Annual Sun: ut

£m /. d*

I I •

3	3	0

3	3	_g

A.D. j8o8«

48° GEO. III.

C.5$<

169

SCHEDULE ( L.)—Ga m u—continued.

EXCEPTIONS to the above Duties.

I. The taking of Woodcocks and Snipes with Nets or Springes, a. The taking or destroying of Conies in Warrens, or in any in* dosed Ground whatever, or by any Perfon in Lands in his or her Occupation, either by hhnfelf or herself, or by his or her Diredion or Command.

RULES for charging the said lad-mentioned Duties.

I.	—Every Perfon who intends to use or shall use at any Time after the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, any Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine for any of the Purpofes mentioned in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, marked (L.) shall, before he shall so use the fame in any Year, pay or caufc to be paid in each Year unto the Colledors of the Duties mentioned or referred to in the other Schedules of this Ad, for the Pari(h, Ward, or Place, where he shall reside, if in England, or to the Colledor of the Cefs, or his Deputy, for the Shire, Couuty, Borough, or Place where he shall reside, if. in Scotland, or one of them respectively as aforesaid for the Time being, the Duty hereby made payable, and shall obtain a Certificate thereof in the Manner herein directed % which Certificate shall continue in force until and upon the Fifth Day of April next after the Time of ifiuing the fame, and no longer.

II.	—Every Colledor on Application to him made by any Perfon residing within the Limits of his Colledion, and on Payment to such Colledor of the Duty hereby made payable, shall give a Receipt for the fame, which Receipt shall be signed by such Collector, and made out conformable to such of the Forms for Certificates in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, as the Cafe may require; and every such Receipt shall be a Charge on the Pari(h or Place for which such Colledor shall be appointed for the Sum therein expressed, in like Manner and to the like Effed as if the said Sum had been previously a fie fled and levied by such Colledor under the Warrant of the Commiflioners acting in the Execution of this Ad; for which Receipt the said Colledor shall be entitled to demand and receive from (uch Perfon, the Sum of One Shilling over and above the said Duty, and no more, which Sum shall be deemed the Compenfation to such Colledor for his Pains and Care in executing this Ad ; and the Duty so received shall be paid to the Receiver General or his Deputy, at his or their next Receipt of Duties, in full and without Dedudion; provided that the Receipts given for the Duties contained in this Schedule shall not be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever.

III.	—Every such Receipt being delivered to the Clerk of the Commissioners acting for the Diftrid where the Perfon aforesaid shall reside, shall be exchanged for a Certificate made out in one of the Forms in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, marked (N.) cor-refponding with such Receipt, which Certificate the said Clerk is hereby required, on Demand, to make out and deliver gratis to such Perfon in Exchange for the said Receipt.

IV.	—The said Receipts, so exchanged, shall severally be entered by the said Clerks respectively in Books to be kept for that Purpose, m the Maimer to be directed by the Conuniflioacrs for the Affairs of

Taxes;

to Colle&on of Aflefled Taut

CoMndaO

give receipts.

See Schedule (N.) IL—V.

His Fee is.

Receipts (kail be exchanged for Certificates by Clerk to

Comraiffiooen Shall afiefs' Parties accordingly.

48° GEO. HI.

A.D.1808.

J70

C'SS-

Canmlfllorm flail provide Fortus of Receipts and Certificates.

Where no Clerk, Suite} or {hall a&.

How Colie^lora ffiall be charged with Duty, it liable.

Game>keeper»’

(Ccrtlficatea.

SCHEDULE (L.)—Game—continued.

Taxes; and the said Books, together with the said Receipts, being exhibited to the Commiflioners acting in the Execution of this A& for the District, and examined by them, (hail be a sufficient Authority to them from Time to Time tocaufe an AiTefTment to be made on the several Perfons mentioned in such Receipts in the respective Sums paid by them, which Afleffments shall be of the like Force and Effest, in all respects, and shall be as binding on the several Colle&ors and others acting in the Execution of this Adl, and on the several Pari(he8 and Places for which such Colle&ors shall have been refpec-tively appointed, as any Afleflment to be made by the said Com-miflioners respectively under the Regulations of the said Adis under which they a61 as Commiflioners; and the said Commiflioners shall return Duplicates thereof to the Receiver General, and to the Com-miflioners For the Affairs of Taxes, in the Manner directed by the said Adis.

V.	—The Commiflioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall cause a sufficient Number of Receipts to be distributed amongst the several Clerks, and by them to the several Colledlors in their respective Dif-tridh, and the said Clerks respectively fnall be accountable to the said Commiflioners for the Affairs of Taxes for the fame 5 and the several Colledlors shall be accountable to the respective Clerks for the fame; and the said Commiflioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall also cause a sufficient Number of Forms to be used for Certificates, according to the Forms specified in the Schedule to this Adi annexed, marked (N.) to be distributed to the respective Clerks in like Manner.

VI.	—In any Diftridl wherein no Clerk shall be appointed to adl in the Execution of the said Ads, the Surveyor of the fame Diftridl shall execute the Duty of such Clerk in all Matters and Things herein required to be done by such Clerk, and in every such Cafe the Certificates herein required shall and may be issued by such Surveyor, according to the JDiredlicfas of this Adl; and in every Place for which One Colledlor only shall be appointed, who shall be chargeable to the Duty contained in this Schedule, an Acknowledgement in Writing under the Hand of such Colledlor, that he is chargeable with the said Duty, and delivered to such Clerk or Surveyor refpec-ively as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Authority for such Clerk or Surveyor to issue a Certificate to such Colledlor, and to make an Afleflment of the said Duty upon such Colledlor as in other Cafes under this Adl.

VII.	—Every Mafter or Miftrefs charged or liable to be charged to the Duties on Servants mentioned in the said Schedule marked (C.^ No. 1. annexed to this Adl, in respect of any Gamekeeper, whether such Perfon shall have been deputed or appointed by such Mafter or Mistress, or by any other Perfon or Perfons, and every Perfon granting a Deputation or Appointment to the Servant of any other Perfon, who shall be duly charged to the said Duty on Servants, in respect of such Servant, whether as Gamekeeper, or in any. other Capacity, with Power and Authority to use any Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine, for any of the Purpofes mentioned in this Schedule, shall be at liberty to obtain a Receipt and Certificate on behalf of such Servant, on Payjnent of the Duty for the fame, in the Manner

before

before dirested; and such Receipt and Certificate shall be a sufficient Authority to assess the Mailer or Miftrefs or Perfon granting such Deputation or Appointment, and obtaining such Receipt and Certificate as aforesaid; and the Certificate to be ifTued thereupon, ihall be deemed and construed to exempt the Servant or Servants named therein, during his or their Continuance in the fame Capacity and Service ; and also to exempt any Servant or Servants of the fame Mailer or Miftrefs who ihall succeed to the Deputation or Appointment of the fame Manor or Royalty, or Lands, within the Year for which the Duty ihall be so assessed tor and during the Remainder of such Year ; and no such Servant in whose Behalf a Receipt and Certificate hath been duly obtained as aforesaid, shall be required to obtain a Certificate for himself, nor be liable to the Duty hereby granted, nor to any Penalty by reason of not obtaining a Certificate in his own Name, or for not paying the said Duty: Provided always, that every Certificate granted under this Aft to any Perfon acting under any Deputation or Appointment, ihall, upon the Revocation of such Deputation or Appointment, be from thenceforth void and of no further EfFeft, as to the Perfon therein deputed or appointed; provided, that if any Lord or Lady of any Manor in England, Wales, or Bernvick-upon-Tweed, or Proprietor of Lands in Scotland, ihall, on the Revocation of any Deputation or Appointment by virtue of which a Certificate hath been granted for any Year, make a new Deputation or Appointment within the fame Year, to any Perfon in his or her Service, or in the Service of the fame Mailer or Miftrefs who ihall have been charged, as well to the Duties on Servants as to the Game Duties granted by this Aft, it ihall be lawful for the Clerk to the Commiuioners of the District, and every such Clerk is hereby required in such Cafe to renew the Certificate for the Remainder of that Year, in behalf of the Perfon so newly appointed, without any Duty or Fee, by endorfing on such Certificate the Name and Place of Abode of the Perfon to whom such laft-mentioned Deputation or Appointment had been granted, and declaring the fame to be a renewed Certificate, free of Duty or Fee.

VIII.	—Neither the Affeffment of the Duty hereby imposed, nor the Payment thereof, nor the Certificate delivered, nor any Thing herein contained or done in pursuance of this Aft, ihall authorize or enable any Perfon to use any Dog, Gun, Net or other Engine, for any of the Purpofes mentioned in this Schedule, at any Time or Times, or in any Manner prohibited by any Law in force at and immediately before the palling of this Aft, nor unless such Perfon Ihall be duly qualified fpto do, under and by virtue of the Laws in being; and all Penalties and Forfeitures, Aftions and Suits, ihall and may be prosecuted and maintained for such Offences as if this Aft had not been made.

IX.	—No AiTeiTment or Certificate under this Aft, or Payment of the Duty hereby imposed, by or for any Perfon acting under a Deputation or Appointment, Ihall be received in Evidence, or be available in Law or Equity, in any Suit or Profecution under this Aft, where Proof shall be given of using any Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine for any of the Purpofe9 mentioned in this Schedule, out of

Unqualified Perfon* not ffroteAed by Certificate, &a

Game-lcteper’a Certificate confined to the Manor.

Certificates shall fee produced by Perfons using Doc, Gun, &c. on Demand of any AflefTor, GiHe&or, Land Oner, &c.

Penalt j Sol.

PWbficttkm of Karnes ofPerfons obtaining Certificates,

the Precinds or Limits of the Manor, Royalty, or Lands for which such Deputation or Appointment was made or granted.

X.	—If any Perfon mall be found using any Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine in Great Britain, for any of the Purpofes mentioned in this Schedule, in respect whereof such Perfon shall be chargeable as aforesaid, by any Affeffor or Colledor of the Parifti where any such Perfon shall then be, or by any Commiffioner for the Execution of this Ad, acting for the County, Riding, Divifion or Place, in which such Perfon shall then be, or by any Lord or Lady, or Gamekeeper of the Manor, Royalty or Lands wherein such Perfon shall then be, or by any Infpedor or Surveyor of Taxes acting in the Execution of this Ad for the Diftrid in which such Perfon shall then be, or by any Perfon duly assessed to the Duties granted in this Schedule, or by the Owner, Landlord, LefTee, or Occupier of the Land in, which such Perfon shall then be, it shall be lawful for such A fie (Tor, Collector, Commiffioner or Gamekeeper, Infpe&or or Surveyor, or other Perfon assessed as aforesaid, or such Owner, Landlord, LeiTee, or Occupier of Land as aforesaid, to demand and require from the Perfon so using such Dog, Gun* Net, or other Engine, the Produdion of a Certificate ifilled to him for that Pur-pole, which Certificate every such Perfon is hereby required to produce to the Perfon so demanding the fame, and permit him to read the fame, and (if he shall think fit) to take a Copy thereof or any Part thereof; or in cafe no such Certificate (ball be produced to the Perfon demanding the fame as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the Perfon having made such Demand to require the Perfon so using such Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine, forthwith to declare to him his Chriitian and Surname, and Place of Refidence, and the Pariffi or Place (if any) in which he shall have been afiefied to the Duties by this Ad granted; and if any such Peifon shall, after such Demand made, wilfully refuse to produce and (hew a Certificate issued to him for that Purpose, or in default thereof as aforesaid, to give in to the Perfon so demanding the fame his Christian and Surname, and Place of Refidence, and the Pariffi or Place (if any) in which he shall have been afiefied, or shall produce any falie or fiditious Certificate, or give any false or fiditious Name, Place of Refidence, or Place of Affeffment, every such Perfon shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be sued for, recovered, and applied in like Manner as any Penalty may be sued for, recovered and applied by the Ads herein mentioned, relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; provided that the Commissioners before whom the Information for the said Penalty shall be made, shall also be Justices of the Peace of and for the fame County, Riding, Divifion or Place where the laid Offence shall be committed.

XI.	—The Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall once, or oftener, in every Year, as soon as conveniently may be after such Certificates shall have been issued, cause the Names and Refidences of the several Perfons to or for whom such Certificates have been granted for that Year, m each County in Great Britain, diitinguiffiing the Perfons acting under any Deputations or Appointments from others, and the Manors, Royalties, or Lands, for which Deputations or

Appointments

Appointments hare been granted, and also distinguishing the Rate of Duty assessed, to be inserted in some Newfpaper circulated in each respective County, or in such other Newfpaper, and in such Manuer as to them ihall seem proper.

XII-—If any Perfon or Perfons shall, after the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, use any Dog, Gun, Net or other Engine, for any of the Purpofes mentioned in this Schedule, without having obtained such Certificate as is directed by this A&, in order to an Afleffment for the Year wherein such Perfon or Perfons shall so use such Dog, Gun, Net or other Engine, every such Perfon shall be liable to the Duty of Three Pounds Three Shillings, inthcfaid Schedule mentioned for that Year, and also shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, over and above the said Duty ; and the said Duty shall be afiefled by way of Surcharge, according to the Dire&ions of the said Afts respectively, in the Di&ri& where the Offence shall be committed; and the said Penalty shall be sued for in like Form and Manner as any Penalty may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered by the A&s herein mentioned, relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commifiioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any of the said A&$.

EXEMPTIONS from the Duties in Schedule (L.)

I.—Any of the Royal Family.

SCHEDULE (M.)

No. 1.

Further EXEMPTIONS from the several Duties in the several Schedules marked (C.) (D.) (E.) and (G.)

All Perfons having ordinarily resided in Ireland before the Commencement of the Sefiion of Parliament in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majclty, and being Members of either House of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, whether on the Part of Ireland, or for any Place in Great Britain, and all Perfons who shall hereafter be Members of the said Parliament as afore-said, and who shall have ordinarily resided in Ireland previous to the Commencement of the Sellion of Parliament in which they shall re-fpe&ively serve in Parliament, and all Perfons having ordinarily resided in Ireland as aforesaid, or who shall hereafter be ordinarily resident therein, and now holding or who shall hereafter hold Offices or Pub-lick Employments in Ireland and are now reading in Great Britain, or who (nail hereafter reside in Great Britain, with the Approbation or by the Order or Direftion of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or of his or their Chief Secretary for the Time being, and which shall be certified under the Hand of the Lord Lieutenant, Chief Governor or Chief Governors, or his or their Chief Secretary, to be therein resident for the Purpofes of assisting in the Execution of Publick Bufinefs, shall be wholly discharged and exempted from the Duties fet

forth

Penalty on ufiog

Guo, Dog, without Certificate, 201. awl Surcharge of Duty.

lri(h Menken of Parliament a' d public Officen.

SCHEDULE ( M.) —continued.

forth in the Schedules to this Aft annexed, marked (C.), (D.), ( E.) and (G.); provided that this Exemption shall not extend to any Per-fon ordinanly resident in Ireland as aforesaid, being a Member of either House of Parliament of the United Kingdom, who hath re-fided or shall reside in Great Britain longer than during the Selfion of Parliament, and Forty Days before and Forty Days after each Seffion, nor to any Article on which a Duty is by this Aft made payable, which shall be retained, kept, emploved, or used by such Perfon in Great Britain, during the Refidence of such Perfon in Ireland : Provided also, that this Exemption shall not extend to any Perfon ordinarily resident in Ireland as aforesaid, holding an Office or Publick Employment in Ireland, unless the Approbation in Writing, or such Order or Direction of thp said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or of his or their Chief Secretary for the Time being, and a De-fcription of the Place of Abode in Great Britain of the Perfons respectively holding such Offices or Employment shall have been before the palling of this Aft delivered into the Office of the Com-milfioners for the Affairs of Taxes in Somerset Place, or shall be so delivered within Twenty Days after the palling of this Aft, with respect to Perfons then in Great Britain, or within Thirty Days after the Arrival in Great Britain of such Perfons respectively, who shall thereafter arrive: Provided also, that no Perfon shall, for the Pur-pofes of claiming this Exemption, be deemed to be ordinarily re-lident in Ireland, unless he shall reside therein-during such Portion of the Year as is not covered by the Privilege herein provided: And, for the better ascertaining the Faft of such Relidence, ev6ry Perfon claiming the Benefit of this Exemption, shall verify the fame upon Oath (if required) before the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Aft, in the Diftrift where such Perfon shall reside..

Schedule (M.) No. 2.

Further EXEMPTIONS from the several Duties m the several Schedules, marked (C.) (D.) and (E.)

Any Sheriff of any County, or any Mayor or other Officer in any Corporation or Royal Burgh, fervnig an annual Office therein, who during such Year of Service shall have kept or shall keep any Number of Servants, Carriages, or Horfes, greater than the Number such Perfon was assessed to prior to the Year of such Service, and who shall have been assessed for such greater Number for One Year, shall be exempt from farther Affeffment for such greater Number for any other Year, although such Year of Service may have run into a Second Year of AUeffment.

SCHEDULE (N.)

SeeSchMtefI.)	I.—Form of CERTIFICATE to be delivered by Members

Exemption II.	0f Volunteer Corps.

I,	Commanding	Officer of the

4o hereby certify, in pursuance of an Aft passed in the Forty*eightli

Year

AJ). 1808.

48s GEO. IIL

ns

C.jy.

Year of the Reign of His preient Majesty, intituled, An Ad [here insert the Title of this ASy] that the several Pcrfons herein named and deferibed are severally enrolled and serving in the said Corps, and have duly attended at the Muller and Exerciie of the laid'Corps for Days, in the Courfe of the Year next preceding the Date hereof, which Mufter Rolls have been duly returned, tcilifying the fame pursuant to the said Ad.

(Signed)	Commanding	Officer.

Dated the	Day of

II.—Form of CERTIFICATE to be issued to every Game-keeper, being a Servant for whom the Mailer or Mistress, or the Lord or Lady, or other Proprietor of the Manor or Royalty [if in England] [or, Lands, if in Scotland"] shall be duly alTdfcd to the Duty on Servants.

N° Game Duty Certificate (A.)

[To be tiled when the Servant pays the Duty.]

BY A* B. Clerk to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Ads for AlTefTed Taxes, for the Divilion of in the County of L.

Received from C. D. reliding in the Parilh [or, Townlhip] of [here name the Parifb or Townjbif] in the said County, an aflefied Servant of E.F. {here name the Majier or Mijlrcfs] of [here name the Refideuce of the Majier or Mijlrefs] (in Exchange for this Certificate,) a Receipt under the Hand of G.H.9 one of the Colledors of AflelTed Taxes for the laid Parilh [or, Townlhip] of [here name the Parifb or Toovnjbip], for the Sum of One Guinea, as the Game Duty chargeable upon the said C. ZX, in respect of his Deputation as Gamekeeper of the Manor or Royalty of K.y in the said County, {if the Certificate he granted in England,) [or if in Scotland, in respect of his Appointment of Gamekeeper of the Lands of K.y in the said County.] Given in pursuance of an Ad palled in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of George the Third, and certified the Day	in	the	Year	of	our	Lord

(Signed)	Clerk.

This Certificate will expire on the	Day	of

in.

N* Game Duty Certificate (B.)

(To be tiled when the Mailer pays the Duty.]

BY A.B. Clerk to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Ads for Afieffed Taxes for theDivilion of /., in the County rf L.

Svc Srhnlult (L.) Ruleii.

Received

48® GEO. III.

A.D.i8o8,

C-SS-

SCHEDULE (K.)-continued.

Received from E.F. [here name the Mafier or Miflrefs] refuting in the Parifh [or, Place] of [here name the Refidence of the Matter or Miflrefs] in the said Countv, on behalf of u. D.9 an assessed Servant of the said E.F. (in exchange for this Certificate), a Receipt under the Hand of G.H., one of the Colleftors of AfTeiTed Taxes for the said Parifh [or, Townfhip] of [here name the Par ft or Town-for the Sum of One Guinea, as the Game Duty chargeable upon the said Servant in respect of his Deputation as Gamekeeper of the Manor or Royalty of K.f in the said County, (if the Certificate he granted in England,) [or if in Scotland, in respect of his Appointment as Gamekeeper of the Lands of K.9 in the laid County.] Given in pursuance of an Aft pafTed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of George the Third, and certified the	Day	of

in the Year of our Lord

(Signed)	Clerk.

This Certificate will expire on the	Day	of

IV.—Form of CERTIFICATE to be issued to every Game-keeper not being an assessed Servant to any Perfon or Perfons.

N« Game Duty Certificate (C.)

BY A.B. Clerk to the Commiflioners acting in the Execution of the Afts for Affeffed Taxes for the Divifion of /., in the County of L.

Received from C.D., residing in the Parifh [or9 Townfhip] of [here name the Parifh or Townfhip] in the said County (in Exchange for this Certificate), a Receipt under the Hand of G. H.9 one of the Colleftors of Affeffed Taxes for the said Parifh [orf Townfhip] of

( here name the Parifh or TownJhip"\9 for the Sum of Three Guineas, or the Game Duty chargeable upon the said C. Z)., in respect of his Deputation as Gamekeeper of the Manor or Royalty of K.9 in the said County, (if the Certificate be granted in England,) [or if in Scotland, in respect of his Appointment as Gamekeeper of the Lands of K. in the said County,] the said C. D. not being an assessed Servant to any Perfon or Penbns. Given in pursuance of an Aft passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of George the Third, and certified the	Day of	in	the	Year	of	our	Lord

(Signed)	Clerk.

This Certificate will expire on the	Day	of

V.—Form of CERTIFICATE to be ifTued to every Perfon not being a Gamekeeper.

N° Game Duty Certificate (D.)

BY Ai Bn Clerk to the Commiflioners acting in the Execution of the Afts for Affeffed Taxes for the Divifion of /• in the County of X.

Received from C. D. residing in the Parifh [nr Town/htfi] of [here name tit Parifh gr Twnjhip\ in the laid County (in «cnan«e

A.D.i8o8.

177

48° GEO. Ill,	C.J5,	56.

for this Certificate) a Receipt under the Hand of G. H. one of the Colleftors of AfTefl&d Taxes for the said Parifh [or Townjlip'] of [here name the Parifh or TownJbip\ for the Sum of Three Guineas for the Game Duty, chargeable upon the said C. D. in his own Right, throughout Great Britain. Given in pursuance of an Aft passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of George the Third, and certified the	Day	of	in the Year of our Lord

(Signed)	Clerk.

This Certificate will expire on the	Day	of

CAP. LVI.

An A St for abolilhing Fees received by Officers in the Service of the Cuftoms in the several Ports of Ireland *, and for regulating the Hours of Attendance and the Number of Holidays to be observed by the said Officers, and certain Officers of Excife.	[ill	June	1808.]

1 XT 7 HE REAS various Officers and other Perfons in the Service 1 VV of His Majefly’s Cuftoms and Port Duties in the several 1 Ports of Ireland, employed in the Examination, warehoufing and 4 Delivery of GoodB and Merchandife imported, exported, or brought

•	or carried Coallwife into or from the said Ports, have long been in

•	the Praftice of receiving Fees and Gratuities for the Execution of

•	their official Duties: And whereas great Inconvenience arises there-4 from, and also from the Number of Holidays kept at the said 4 Ports, and by various Officers of His Majefty’s Revenues: And 4 whereas it would greatly tend to the Benefit of the fair Trader (and the Security of the Revenue if the said Fees were aboliihedj and

•	the Attendance of the said Officers were properly regulatedbe it therefore enacted by the King’s moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and bv the Authority of the fame. That from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, no Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity or Reward, whether pecuniary or of any other Sort or Defcription whatever, shall be required, taken, or received from any Perfon or Perfons whomsoever by any Officer, Clerk, Deputy, or other Perfon appointed by or acting under the Commifliosiers of Cuftoms and Port Duties’in Ireland, or by any Officer, Clerk, Deputy, or other Perfon executing, performing, 01" affiiling in the Execution or Performance of any of the Duties, or acting by themselves or others in any of the Offices or Employments in or belonging to His MajeflyU Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland, for any Service, Aft, Duty, Matter, or Thing done or performed, or to be done or performed by any such. Officer, Clerk, Deputy, or other Perfon or Perfons on account of or relating to or under the Pretext of any such Office or Employment, except as is herein provided, any Thing in any Aft or Acts to the contrary notwithilanding; and that if any such Officer, Clerk, Deputy, or other Perfon shall, at any Time after the said Fir ft Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, require, take, or receive any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity, or Reward whether pecuniary or of any other Sort or Defcription whatever, except as is herein excepted, either directly or indirectly, on account of or relating to or under Pretext of any such Office or Employment, or for any Service,

48 Geo. III.	N	#	Aft,

No Fees shall be required dr received by any Officer acting under the Coinraiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland.

A.D. 1808

- *7«

Exception at t» Sltares of Seizures.

fommiffioners of C'uAoros ih&ll aftert&in the Fees reroivtd by Officers for to Yesis

TomBuinoncn Anil pay Odicert Annual (’ou!-penfatiou tor JLofs of Fees.

C 5 6.	48* GEO. HI.

Aft* Duty, Matter or Thing done or performed or to be done or performed therein, although the fame shall be freely offered or given, every such Officer, Clerk, Deputy, or other Perfon shall, on Proof thereof to the Satisfaftion of tne (aid Commissioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland, or any Four or more of them, be for such Offence peremptorily dismissed from his Office or Employment, and be rendered incapable, and shall be ever after incapable of holding or executing or afttng in any Office qr Employment in the Service of His Majefty’s Cuftoms or iLxtife, or in any Branch of His Majefty’s Revenue in Ireland1

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Officer or other Perfon holding or exercising or acting in or performing the Duties of any of the said Offices or Employments, from receiving such Reward 0/ Satisfaction for or on account of any Detention, Seizure, or Forfeiture of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any Penalty or Share of Penalty or Composition, which under any Law now in force, or hereafter to be passed in relation to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, he is or may be legally entitled to, or to prevent any such Officer, Clerk, or Perfon from receiving any Allowance, Gratuity, or Reward which the Lord High Treafiirer or .Lords Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of Ireland% or any .Three or more of them, with tne Confent of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Time being, or the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland, or any Four or more of them, with the like Confent reipeftively, may think fit to direft.

III.	* And, in order that proper Compenfation may be made < to any Officer, Clerk, or other Perfon employed in or holding any * Office in the Service of the Cuftoms at any Port in Ireland, who may 1 sustain Lofs by the Abolition of Fees directed by this Aft;’ be it enacted, That the Commissioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties shall, immediately after the palling of this Aft, prepare Tables, containing the annual Amount of the Fees, Perquisites, Gratuities, and Rewards established by Law or fan&tioned by uninterrupted Ufage for Ten Years last pall, which each Officer, Clerk, or other Perfon who may sustain a Lofs by the Abolition of Fees directed by this Aft received, or which his Predeceffor or Predeceffors and he did receive for any Service, Aft, Matter, or Thing done or executed by him or them in the Performance of the Duties of his or their Office or Employ* ment held by him or them, during the Three Years ending on the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, together with the yearly Average thereof, calculated on the Amount of the said Three Years, exclusive of all Gratuities, Allowances, or Monies, received by him or them out of His Majefty’s Revenues, or out of any Seizure, Fine, or Forfeiture, and shall lay the fame, certified under their Hauds, before the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, and before the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Cuftoms, and Port Duties, shall regularly pay or cause to be paid to every such Officer, Clerk, or other Perfon, such Sum annually by Way of Compenfation for his Lofs of Fees* Perquisites, and Gratuities

A.D.i8o8.	48®	GEO.	IIL	0.56*	pjj

tuities under this Ad, not exceeding in any Year the avertoe Amount' aforefoid, as the Lord Lieutenant, or otner Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, shall edited, under his or their Sign manual, countersigned by Three or more of the said Commiffion-m for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer; and every such Payment by Way of Compenfation shall commence from the Day whereon the Perfon for whom the fame shall be directed shall have ceased to take or receive any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity, or Reward, under the Diredions of this Ad, and shall continue during the Time any such Perfon shall continue to hold such Office or Employment.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Perfon Oath of Officer % shall be entitled to receive any foch Payment by Way of Compen- re^^^ou>* fation, or any Part thereof, until he shall have taken the following ** Uwn*

Oath; that is to fay:

4J A. Bdo swear. That I will not require, take, or receive any *A Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity, or Reward, whether pecuniary or of

*	any other Sort or Defcription whatever, either directly or indi-‘rcftly, for any Service, Ad, Duty, Matter, or Thing done or

*	performed, or to be done or performed in the Execution or Dif-

*	charge of any of the Duties of my Office or Employment on any

(Account whatever, other than my Salary, and what is or shall be 4 allowed me by Law.	So help me God.’

VI.	And be it further enacted, That every Perfon who shall after Oath of dt the palling of this Ad be appointed to any Office or Employment °®CCCT-relating to the Cuftoms or rort Duties in Ireland\ shall at his vAd-

miffion thereto take the following Oath; that is to fay 2	~

‘ T A. B.f do swear to be true and faithful in the Execution, to the 4 best of my Knowledge and Powers, of the Truft committed to 4 my Charge and Infpedion in the Service of His Majefty’s Cuftoms;

4 and that I will not require, take, or receive any Fee, Perquisite,

4 Gratuity, or Reward, whether pecuniary or of any other Sort or 1 Defcription whatever^ directly or indirectly, for any Service, Ad,

4 Duty, Matter, op Thing done or performed, or to be done orper-4 formed in the Execution or Difcharge of any of the Duties of my 4 Office or Employment on any Account whatever, other than my 4 Salary, and what is or shall be allowed me by Law.

So help me God/

VII.	4 And whereas it is expedient for the Accommodation of Hour of Attend-

4 Trade, hnd the better Management of the Revenue of Cuftoms,	9®***

‘that the Hours of Attendance of the Officers, Clerks, and other

1 Perfons employed in the Service of the Cuftoms should be altered 4and regulated;* be it further enacted, That from and after Ten-Days after the passing of this Ad, all and every the Officers, Clerk s9' and Porfons executing or performing or affiiting in the Execution or Performance of any of the Duties, or acting m any Office or Employment belonging to His Majefty’s Cuftoms or Port Duties in Ire• land, whether appointed by the Commissioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, or by xiis Majefty’s Patent, or by Deputation or other Inftrument or Authority of any Patentee or other Officer or Perfon whatsoever, shall and they are hereby required, unless prevented by Sicknefs or- other unavoidable Cause, which shall be made appear to the Satisfsdioa of His Majefty’s Commissioners of Cuftoms and Port

Na	Duties,



A.D. 1868,

i8o

[Stt 510.]

Comtuifftoners may require extra AitcuiUnce.

Not to compel JVrfonal Attendance in certain Cafes.

No Holi-days, except thole herein mentioned, i>mll be kept by the Officers of the I >nOnms; nor by Fjtnfr Officer* •onctfnvfl in granny Permits.

42 G. 3.C.75. §4.

0.56*	48*	GEO.	III.	.

Duties, duly and regularly to attend at the respective Offices or Places whefe.their Duty is or shall be directed to be executed and performed at the Hours and Times following, on every Day of the Year except Sundays, and the other Days herein-after excepted; that is to fay. The Officers employed on the Quays, and all Outdoor Officers, from the Ninth Day of November until the Tenth Day of May in every Year, from the Hour of Nine in every Morning to the Hour of Four in every Afternoon 3 and from the Ninth Day of May until the Tenth Day of November, in every Year, from the Hour of Eight in every Morning to the Hour of Four in every Afternoon; and the Clerks and In-door Officers, and all others employed in the Service of the said Cudoms and Port Duties, from the Hour of Nine in every -Morning until the Hour of Four in every Af. temoon, during the whole Year; and during the said Hours and Times there shall not be any Ceftation or Intermiffion of Bufinefs on any Pretence or Account whatsoever, any Law, Cuftom, or tJfoge to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII.	Provided always, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend to prevent the Commissioners of Cudoms and Port Duties from dirc&ing and enforcing the Attendance of any Officer, Clerk, or other Perfon employed in the Service of His Majcfty’s Cudoms st any Time or at any Place where, on any particular Emergency, the publick Service shall so require, or from directing or enforcing the Attendance of any Officer, Clerk, or other Perfon employed m the said Service, at such Hours, Times, and Places as the laid Commif-lioners shall think fit and requidte for the proper Difcharge of the Official Duties of any such Officer, Clerk, or other Perfon.

IX.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be condrued to extend to-compel the Perfonal Attendance of any Perfon or Perfons who are now authorized to execute the Duties of their respective Offices or Employments in the Service of the Cudoms by sufficient Deputy or Deputies.

X.	And be it further enacted,' That from and after Ten Days after the palling of this Adi, no Holidays or Days of Non-attendance whatever, shall be permitted or allowed to be observed and kept at the Cuflom-houfc in any of the Ports in Ireland, or by any Officer, Clerk, or bthcr Perfon belonging to or employed in the Service of His Majefty’s Cudoms and Port Duties, or by any Officer, Clerk* or oilier Perfon employed in the Service of His Majcfty’s Excife in Ireland, any way concerned in or relating to the granting, issuing, examining, or regidering of Permits or Certificates of Pefmits, except Chrijlmas Day and Good Friday in every Year, and any Days which shall be appointed by His Majefty’s proclamation for the Puroofe of a General F<tl\ or Thankfgiving; and also the Anniveriaries of the Redoration of His Majcdy King Charles the Second, and of the Coconation of His Majcdy, and the Birth Days of their Majesties, jt:.d of His Royal Highnefs the Prince of IVases; but that all Bu-ihicfs at the Cuftom-house, and relating to the Service of Cudoms and to the Service of the Excife in the respect aforesaid, shall be carried on and performed on every Day throughout the Year except on Sundays, and the Days before excepted; any Law, Usage, or Cuftom to the contrary not with Handing.

,XI. • And whereas by an Ad made in the Forty-fecond Year of

< His

A.D.i8o8<

48° GEO. m	C.56,57.	18x

*	Hit pTefent Majefty’s Reign, to amend the Laws for the better 4 Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland, the Collector of 4 the Port into which Flax Seed or Hemp Seed shall be imported,

1 is empowered and required to demand and receive the Sum of 4 Sixpence for each Hogfhead, Calk, or Package containing Flax Seed

*	or Hemp Seed, imported and examined as in the said ACt is men-4 tioned, and to retain the Sum of Three-pence thereof to his own 4 Ufe, and to pay over the Remainder thereof to the Officer ap|

4 pointed by the 'Truftees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures^

4 to examine Flax Seed and Hemp Seed importedbe it enacted,

That from and after the said First Day of January One thousand Fee of fid. to

eight hundred and nine, no Collector at any Port in Ireland shall be C ’llertur re*

entitled to or shall receive or demand from any Importer or Owner

of any Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, such Sum of Sixpence for every

Hogfhead, Calk, or Package containing Flax Seed, under or by

Pretext of the said recited ACt; but that the Officer appointed by	>

the Truftces of the Lineir and Hempen Manufactures to examine

flax Seed and Hemp Seed imported, shall and may demand and re- Feeofad, to

ceive to his own Ufe the Sum of Three-pence for each and every such Ewminer of Fk»

Hogfhead, Calk, or Package which he shall examine, being the Sced*

Amount which he is now entitled to by Law for such his Examination ; and it shall be lawful for every Collector to detain, and he is hereby required to detain every such Hogfhead, Calk, or other Package, until he shall receive a Certificate under the Hand of such Officer that the fame has been examined according to Law, which Certificate such Officer shall not be compellable to give until he shall have received such Sum of Three-pence for each such Hog(head|

Ca(k, or other Package as aforesaid.

** ACt may be altered or repealed this Selfion, $ 1

CAP, LVII,

An ACt for increasing the Duty on Corks ready-made, imported into Great Britain.	[ 1 ft June 1808.] /

‘TTTHEREAS by an ACt passed in the Forty-third Year of 43 G.3.

4 W His present Majesty, intituled, jin A& to repeal the Duties 4 of Cuflomi payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu	•

4 thereof, and by other ACts passed subsequent thereto, certain Du?

4 ties of Cuftoms were imposed on Corks ready made : And whereas 4 it is expedient for the Benefit of the Briti/h Manufacturers, that the 4 said Duties should be increased be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adyice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present arliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from Duty of Cuftoms and after the passing of this ACt, the several Duties of Cuftoms now 0,1 rwuty-midc payable upon Corks ready-made imported into Great Britain shall cease Cork* imported and determine, save and except as to any fines. Penalties, pr For- j!*’uof former ** feitures relating- thereto, which may have been or shall be incurred at Duties, any Time before the said palling of this Ad ; and instead and in lieu thereof there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeflors, upon all Corks ready-made imported into Great Britain, the several Duties of Cuftoms following ; that is to fay. For every Pound Weight of Corks ready-made, the Sum of Two Shillings and Three-pence.

N 5	<4	Addition^

A«13« 1808.

182

C* $7t S®#

48° GEO, m.

26 G. 3. c. 77» $ 18. *

9i G. 3. e. 96.

When tny Perfon b charged with any Offence (not being Treafon or Felony) for which he may be

Indi&ment or Information in K.B.:tUpon # Affidavit thereof, or on Certificate oflndifiment, Ac. being filed, any Judge of the Court nay issue hb Warrant to apprehend the fbrty; who ffisll be thereupon ' held to Bui to answer the Charge, or nn ftttur j of Bail (fas# be committed : And if any Perfon in «Cnftody for want of Bail fball not stead in 8 Days after Copy of Jndi&ment, &c. and Notice to plead are de- 1 . fcrered at the

u Additional per Centage on former Cadorns, viz. is/, zoi. under 44 43 G. 3. c. 70,-12/. iox. under 44 G. 3. c. 53--v»2/« iox. under 4t 45 G. 3. <r. 20.—and 8/. 6/. 8//. under 46 G. 3. c~ 43. shall be u charged on {aid Duty under this Alt, § 2- Duties shall be levied 44 as former Duties. § 3.”

CAP. Lvm.

An Aft for amending the Law with regard to the Courfc of Proceeding on Indiftmcnts and Informations in the Qourt of King’s Bench in certain Cafes} for authorising the Execution in Scotland of certain Warrants issued for Offences committed in England; and for requiring Officers taking Ball in the King’s Suit to assign the Bail Bonds to the King.

till June 1808.3

*	T^TTHEREAS the Provifions contained in Two Afts of the

*	VV Twenty-fixth and Thirty-fifth Years of His present Ma-4 jefty’s Reign, for amending the Law with regard to the Courfe of 4 proceeding on Indi&ments and Informations in the Court of King’s 4 Bench, in certain Cafes relating to the publick Revenue, have been ( found beneficial, and it is expedient to extend the fame to other *Cases;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, Tnat 'whenever any Perfon shall J>e charged with any Offence for which he or file may be prosecuted by Indictment or Information in His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench* not being Treafon or Felony, and the lame shall be made appear to any Judge of the fame Court by Affidavit, or by Certificate ot an In-diftment or Information being filed against such Perfon in the said Court for such Offence, it shall and may be lawful for such Judge to issue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal, and thereby to cause such Perfon to be apprehended and brought before him or some other Judge of the fame Court, or before some one of His Majefty’s Juf* tices of the Peace, in order to his or her being bound to the King’s Majesty with Two sufficient Sureties, in fuen Sum as in the bud Warrant shall be expressed, with Condition to appear in the laid Court at the Time mentioned in such Warrant, and to answer to all and Angular Indiftments or Informations for any such Offence; and in cafe any such Perfon shall neglect or refuse to become bound a« aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Judge or Juiticc refpeftiveiy tq commit such Perfon to the Common Gaol of the County, City, or Pkce where the Offence shall have been committed, or where ne os (he shall have been apprehended, there to remain until he or (he shall become bound as atorefeid, or shall be discharged by Order of the said Court in Term Time, or of one of the Judges of the said Cour^ in Vacation; and the Recognizance to be thereupon taken shall be returned and filed in the said Court, and shall continue in Force until such Perfon shall have been acquitted of such Offence, or in cafe of Conviftion, shall have received Judgment for the (ame, unless sooner ordered by the said Court to be discharged; and that where any Perfon, either by virtue of such Warrant of Commitment as aforesaid, or by virtue of any Vfrlt of Capias ad Refpondendum iiTued out of

the

A.D. i8o8#	48° GEO. III.	C.58.	X83

the (kid Court, is now detained or shall hereafter be committed to and GmI, the Pro-detained in any Gaol for want of Bail, it shall be lawful for the Pro-	'ntcr

fecutoir of fitch Indiftment or Information to cause a Copy thereof Guilty wd to be delivered to filch Perfon, or to the Gaoler, Keeper, or Turn-	Xrid.

lev of the Gaol wherein such Perfon is or shall be so detained, with a Notice thereon indorsed, that unless such Perfon shall, within Eight Days from the Time of such Delivery of a Copy of the Indictment or Information as aforesaid, cause an Appearance, and also a Plea or Demurrer to be entered in the (aid Court to such Indift-ment or Information, an Appearance and the Plea of Not Guilty will Be entered thereto in the Name of such Perfon; and in cafe he or (he shall thereupon for the said Space of Eight Days after such Delivery of a Copy of the Indictment or Information as aforesaid, neglect to cause ah Appearance, and also a Plea or Demurrer to be entered in the said Court to such Indictment or Information, it shall. be lawful for the Profecutor of such Indictment or Information, upon an Affidavit being made and filed in the said Court, of the Delivery of a Copy of such Indictment or Information, with such Notice indorsed thereon as aforesaid, to such Perfon, or to such Gaoler,

Keeper, or Turnkey, as the Cafe may be, which Affidavit may be made before any Judge or Commiffioner of the said Court authorized	^

to take Affidavits in the said Court, to cause an Appearance and the Plea of Not Guilty to be entered in the said Court to such Indictment or Information, for fnch Perfon, and such Proceedings shall be had thereupon as if the Defendant in such Indictment or Information had appeared and pleaded Not Guilty according to the usual Courfe of the said Court; and that if upon the Trial of such Indift- Ptrty acquitted ment or Information any Defendant so committed and detained as "*7 b* aforesaid shall be acquitted of all the Offences therein charged upon chftrC~* him or her, it shall be lawful-for the Judge before whom such Trial shall be had, although he may not be one of the Judges of the said Court of King’s Bench, to order that such Defendant shall be forthwith dsfeharged out of Cuftody as to his or her Commitment as aforesaid, ana such Defendant shall be thereupon discharged accordingly.

II.	4 And whereas by an Aft made in the Thirteenth Year of His la G. a. c. au

*	prefent Majefty's Reigir, intituled. An AS for the more eJfeSual

*	Execution of the Criminal Law in the Two Parts of the United King*

*	domf it is among other Things enacted, that if any Perfon or Per-

*	fons against whom a Warrant shall be issued by any Juftice or Juf-

*	tices of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty,

*	Town, or Place within that Part of Great Britain called England,

4 for any Crime or Offence against the Laws of that Part of the

*	Unitea Kingdom, shall escape, go into, re(ide, or be in any Place of

< that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, it shall be lawful for the	,

*	Sheriff or Steward Depute ot Subftitute, or any Juftice of the 4 Peace of the County or Place where such Perfon or Perfons fhall

*	escape, go into, reiioe, or be, to indorse his Name on the said War-4 rant, which Warrant so indorsed shall be a sufficient Authority to 4 the Perfon or Perfons bringing such Warrant, and to all Perfons to 4 whom such Warrant was originally direfted* and also to all She-i riffs’ Officers, Steward's Officers, Constables, and other Peace 4 Officers of the County or Place where such Warrant shall be in-1dorfed, to execute the (aid Warrant in the County or Place where

N 4	*	it

A.D. i8o8.

4} G. 3. e. 93.

Power under re-

cited A&s as to. Execution in Scotland of Warrants of Justices of Peace issued in England, extended to Warrants issued by Judges of K. B., Slc.

Bail Bonds in the King's Suits shall be aiflgned by the Sheriffs, Icc.

C.58,59.	48°	GEO.	III.

*	it is so indorsed, by apprehending the Perfon or Perfons against 4 whom such Warrant is granted, and to convey him, her, or them

*	into that Part of Great Britain called England, there *to be dealt 4 with in the Manner directed by the laid AS; which A& has been

*	amended by another Ad, parted in the Forty-fifth Year of the 4 Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An A3 to amend Two A3* 4 of the Thirteenth and Forty fourth Tears of His present Majesty, for 4 the more ejfcdual Execution of the Criminal Laws, and more easy 4 apprehending and bringing to Trial Offenders escaping from one Part 4 of the United Kingdom to the other, and from one County to another ; 4 and it is expedient that like Provifion mould be made for the Exe-

*	cution in Scotland of Warrants to be issued by other Perfons than

*	Jullices of the Peace having Authority to issue the fame in Eng~ 4 land f be it therefore enacted. That from and after the pafling of this Ad, all Clauses, Matters, and Things in the said recited Ads, whereby the Execution in Scotland of any Warrant or Warrants irtued by any Juftice or Justices of the Peace m England for any Crime or Offence against the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom is authorized and regulated, shall extend to all Warrants irtued by any of the Justices of riis Majefly’s Court of King’s Bench in England• or of the Courts of Great Seflions in Wales, or by any Juftice of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, or other Perlon haying Authority to issue the fame in England, for any Crime or Offence against the Laws of England, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such last mentioned Justices and Perfons were fpe-daily named in the said recited Ads.

IIL And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon shall be ar? relied after the pafling of this Ad, by any Writ of Capias ad Per fpnndtndum issuing out of any of His Majeftv’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or out of the Superior Court of Record of either of the Counties Palatine, or out of any of the Courts of Great Seflions in Wales, at the Suit of the King’s Majesty, His Heirs or Succertors, and the Sheriff or other Officer shall take Bail from such Perfon, the Sheriff or other Officer, at the Requeft and Colls of the Profecutor of such Writ, shall assign to the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Sue? ceffors, the Bail Bond taken from such Bail, by indorfing the fame, and atteiling it under his Hand and Seal in the Prefence of Two or more credible Witneffes, which may be done without any Stamp, provided the, Aflignment so indorsed be duly damped before any Suit be commenced thereupon ; and if such Bail Bond be forfeited, such Procefs shall thereupon issue as on Bonds originally made to the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Succertors, and the Court in which such Bail Bona is put in Suit, may by Rule or Rules of the fame Court give such Relief to the Defendant or Defendants a6 is agree, able to Juftice and Reafon.

CAP. LIX.

An Adi for enabling His Majesty to fettle an Annuity oq

>	Her Royal Highnefs the Duchefs of Brurtfwick Wolfcnbuttel,

[ill June 1808.]

f Moll Gracious Sovereign,

4 XX/ E, Your Majelly’s moll dutiful and loyal Subje&s the Com-? V v jnons of (he United Kingdom qi Great Britain and Ireland

>	*

A.D. i£o8.

185

48° GEO. III.	0,59,60.

*	in Parliament assembled, having taken into our Confederation Vour

*	Majefty** most gracious Mefsage, wherein Your Majesty has been ‘ pleased to state, that in confoquence of the disastrous Defeat of ‘ the P ruffian Arms in the Autumn of One thou fund eight hundred ‘ and fix, attended with the melancholy Death of the reigning Duke

*	of Brunjhvick IVolfenbuttJ, and the Occupation of his Territories by

*	the Enemy, Your Majesty's Sifter, the Widow of that illustrious ‘ Prince, has been compelltd to fcek an Afylum in Your Majefty**

*	Dominions ; and that immediately on her Arrival in England an

*	Eftablifhment suited to her Rank, required by her Misfortunes, and

*	fucb a* it became His Majefty’s Affection to afford, was provided ‘out of the Civil Lift; but no Provifion being made in the Diftri-

*	bution of that Fund for this unforeseen Charge, Your Majesty re-

*	commended to the House of Commons to consider of the Means

*	of enabling Your Majesty to continue the Support of that Eftablifli«

‘ ment ; do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be eq-

*	a&ed ;* and be it enacted, &c.

“ His Majesty empowered to grant an Annuity.of 10,000/. to the 14 Duchefs or Brunfu’ck IVolfenbuttcl for her Life, to be payable *# quarterly out of the Confolidated Fund, from 5 April 1808. ^ I, Annuity payable at the Exchequer, See. $2.”

CAP. LX.

An A£k for repealing an Aft passed in the First Year of King James the First,. intituled, An Aft concerning Tanners, Cun-fiers, Shoemakers) and other Artificers occupying the cutting of Leather 5 and also for repealing and amending certain Parts of several other A&$ of Parliament relating thereto.

[ift June 1808.3

f* Recital of flat.* 1 Jac. 1. e. 22. (continued and amended by 13 and M 14 Car. 2. r. 7. 9 An. e. 11. 24 Geo. 3. c. 19.) Recited Act, 1 Jac.

44 i.‘ r. 22. repealed. § 1.—13 & 14 Car. 2. c. 7. § 4. (that red tan-44 ned Leather shall be fold only in open Market, and not in any 41 House, Tanner’s Yard, or Shop) repealed. § 2.—13 8c 14 ?4 Car. 2. c. 7. § 13,. (requiring Perfous buying red tanned Leather to 44 give Notice thereof to one of the Curriers Company in London, 4* &c.) repealed. § 3.—13 & 14 Car, 2. c. 7. f 14. (giving Poiyer to 44 the Curriers Company to search Warehoufes and Shops m London, 44 or within Three Miles thereof, and to seize Leather prohibited by 14 the Aft I Jac. I, c. 22. § 24.) repealed. § 4.—9 Annexe. 11, § 10. 41 (reciting 1 Jac. I. c. 22. and requiring Mayors, Bailiffs, Lords of 44 Fairs, Tanners, Curriers, &c. to execute the said Aft) repealed* 44 j 5.-24 G. 3. fi. 2. c. 19. § 2, {declaring that the frovinons of 14 the Aft I Jac. i. c. 22* extended to the whole of Great Britain) 44 repealed* § 6.”

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That from and after the palling of this Aft, no Perfon or Perfons using the Trade or Bufi-nefs of Tanning of Leather, by himself or herself, or by any other Perfon or Perfons, ihall during the Time that he, (he, or they shall so use or carry on the said Trade or Buiinefs of Tanning, use, occupy, or in any Manner carry on the Trade or Bufinefs of a Shoemaker, iurrjeij Leather Cutter, or other Artificer excpcifing the cutting or

working

Tanner shall not carry on the B liiiu'fs of a SWmikrr, Curner, Leather Cutter, kc.

A.D. i8o&

C«50) 6i)62i	48°	GEO.	Ill*

working of Leather, upon pain of forfeiting and losing all and every such Hide and Hides, Skin and Skins, so by him, her, or them, or any of them, wrought or tanned, during the Time he, flu-, or they shall so use the Trade or Buiinefs of Tanning, or the just Value thereof, to any Perfon or Perfons who shall sue for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majefty's Courts of Record at fVeJlmstifter, by Aftion of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, together with Colts of Suit, and wherein no Effoign, Proteftion, or Wager of Law or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed ; one Moiety of which said Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, His Heirs and SucceiTors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Perfon or Perfons who shall sue for the fame.

" Publick Aft. $ 8.”

CAP. LXI.

•45 G. 3. C.47. (cvntmvrd by 47 G.3./.3.

An Aft to continue until the End of the nexfe-Seflion of Par* liament, an Aft of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Ma* jelly for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Publick Expenditure and the Conduft of the Publick Buiinefs ill the Military Departments therein mentioned.

[3d June 1808.]

CAP. LXII.

An Aft for the making perpetual several Afts for the better Colleftion and Security of the Revenues of Cuftoms and Excife in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds, therein ; and to make further Provifion for the Security of the said Revenuesf and for the Execution of the several Afts relating thereto.

[18th June 1808.]

44 Afts hereinafter recited made perpetual, viz. 37 G. 3. (I.) *.42, 44 for regulating the Tobacco Trade ; as amended by 40 G. 3. (I.) 44 r. 77.—37 G. 3. (I.) c. 52. for regulating the Import, &c. of 44 Coffee;—38G. 3. (I.) r. 24. so far as-relates to the Duties on 44 Glafa Bottles.—38 G. 3. (I.J r. 52. 3<)G. 3. (I.) r. 58. and 47 44 G. 3,	2. c. 19. for regulating Reftiiiers of Spirits 40 G 3.

44 (I.) e, 9. for the Colleftion of the Duties on Hides and Skins, &c. 44 as amended by 43 G. 3. r. 97. § 24.—40 G. 3. (I.) c. 20. for re-44 gulating the Payment of Bounties;—and 40 G. 3,.(I.) c, 63. so 44 far as relates to the Duties on Playing Cards, &c. § u”

46G.3. c.67-	II. 4 And whereas Two Afts were made in the Forty-fixth Year

4 of His present Majefty’s Reign, the one intituled, An A8 more ef* • fedually to regulate the ColleBion of the Duties on Goods, Wares% 4 and Merchandixe imported or exported intd or from Ireland, and the 4 Payment of Bounties^ Drawbacks, and Allowances thereon: and 46 G. 3. c. 106. « the other intituled, An A3 to provide for the better Execution of the 4 several A8s relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the 1 Management of the Commissioners of Cufioms and Port Du/ies9 and 4 of the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, in Ireland: And 4 whereas it is expedient that further Provifions should be made for 4 the several Purpofcs in the said Afts mentioned ;• be it therefore enacted, That every Court of Commiffionert or Sub-Commiflioncrt

who

T‘rofc‘'«r»i>£*

1 rml, by C Ofj\-jYwfftoflcrs and Sub-comiMif-(bull be ftithout Delay.

4W GEO. III.

c. 62;

l«7

who shall $t to hear, try, or determine any Complaint or lpforma* tion for any Offence against any Aft or Ads in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Manage-ment of the Commissioners of Cuftoms and Fort Duties, or of the Comraiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, shall begin the Trial thereof on the Day of which Notice shall be first given tor proceeding thereqn, which Day shall be within Thirty Days after the Complaint or Information shall have been made, and such Court shall forthwith proceed upon such Trial, and shall not adjourn until a Witnefs shall have been examined, without the Confent of both Parties, or upon good and Efficient Cause, to be assigned upon Oath by One of the parties, or his or their Agent of Solicitor, or junlefs upon some good and sufficient Caufe to be assigned upon Oath by One or more of the Commissioners or Sub-Commiffioners fitting upon such Trial, if any Adjournment shall be desired and applied for by him or them ; and every such Adjournment and Confent and Caufe upon Oath shall be entered in the Proceedings of the Court, and be made Part of the Tranfmiss,

III.	And be it further enabled, That it shall not be lawful for* the Commissioners or Sub-Commiffioners to adjourn any Trial as aforesaid, except from Day to Day, Sundays > Good Friday, Chrijl-mat Day, and the King’s Birth-Day only excepted, unless by such Consent, or such Caufe upon Oath so entered, any Law, Cuftom, pr Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe the Trial of any Complaint or Information shall not be proceeded upon within the Time herein-before provided, or be adjourned without such Confent or good and sufficient Caufe upon Oath, the Complaint or Information shall be discharged, and no new Complaint or Information shall be received or entertained for the fame Offence.

V.	And be it further enacted, That every and any Perfon who by Law is, or by any Aft or Ads in force in Ireland is declared or enabled to be, a competent Witnefs before the Commissioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, or the Commissioners of Inland Excife pnd Taxes in Ireland respectively, or before their Sub-Commiilion-ers respectively, or before any Court or Judge of Afsize, or other ferfon or Perions, upon any Enquiry, Proceedings, or Trial touching or concerning any Matters or Things relating to the Revenues qader the Management of the (aid Commissioners respectively, or touching or concerning any Offence committed under any Ad. or Ads for colleding or Securing the said Revenues or any of them, or touching or concerning the Matters contained in any Information for any fuefi Offence, shall be, and any and every such Perfon is hereby declared to be a competent Witnefs before any Juftice of Peace or Magiftrate in Ireland, upon any Information, Inquiry, Proceedings, or Trial touching and concerning all or any such Matters and Things respectively within the Jurifdidion of such Juftice of Peace or Magiftrate ; and the Evidence ofifuch Perfon shall be received accordingly py such Juftice of Peace or Magistrate, on fuel} Information, Inquiry, Proceedings, and Trial respectively.

VI.	* And whereas it is by the (aid recited Ad of the Forty-* sixth Year, for regulating the Colledion of the Duties on Goods, 1 Wares, and Merchandize imported into, or exported from Ireland, f enacted, th*t it shall not be lavyful to iiqpqrt any Tobacco at ny

‘Port

No Adjournment except from Day to pay, &c.

If Trial not duly proceeded in Complaint shall be difchaiged.

Perfons being competent Witneffei before Commissioners of Cuftoms and Excife ftiall be likewise competent before Magiftrate*.

46 G. 3. e. 87. §93.

m

c.62.

A.D.1808

Tobacco may be importe*! and warehous'd at the Pott of Sligp.

f

Ijpid Lieutenant may allow Spirit*, tec. to be |n>|)0rtpd at l4cbuouaJ Ports.

1 f Orrrferrs of Publick-houfes ap^jointed under a; ii. 3. ft. 2. r. 12. $ 18. certify to Juftice «il’ Peace that lVrfooa were entertained at unlawliil Hours, Juftice (ball levy a Penalty of 4 Of. or j\.

48^ GEO# III.

c Port or Plaoe in Ireland, save and except the Ports in the said re-4 cited Aft mentioned/ be it enacted, That from and after the paf-fing of this Act it shall and may be lawful' to import Tobacco in-to Ireland at the Port of Sligo; and that the Importer thereof at the said Port ihall be entitled to have the fame lodged in a Ware-house, and to take any Benefit in respect of warehoufing and bonding the fame, under and by virtue of any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland, in like Manner as may be done With respect to Tobacco imported at any of the Ports mentioned in the said recited Aft of the Forty-fixth Year, and as if the said Port of Sligo had been mentioned and fpeci-fied in the said recited Aft.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the patting of this Aft it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by and with the Advice and Confent .of His Majefty’s Privy Council of Ireland, to permit the Importation into Ireland of Tobacco, Spirits, Teas, Wines, or Coffee, at such Ports or Places as the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, and Privy Council of Ireland, shall think fit, under and subject to such Regulations and Reftriftions in other Refpefts as Tobacco, Spirits, Teas, Wines, or Coffee may by Law be imported into Ireland; provided it shall be made to appear, that ftfch Port is, with respect to the Trade and Commerce carried on therein, and from the Nature of its Situation, a Port at which it would be just and reafonaUe to permit such Importation.

VIII.	4 And, for the more effeftuafly carrying into Execution * the several Afts for regulating Licenfes for the Sale of Spirituous 4 Liquors by Retail, and for difcouiaging the immoderate Ufe of 4 Spirituous Liquors in Inland/ be it enacted, That in cafe any Perfon who, under and by virtue of an Aft made in the Forty-feventh Year of His present Majefly’s Reign, intituled, An A8 to make further Regulations with refpeQ to Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors hy Retail in Ireland, shall have been or shall be appointed an Overfeer of Perfons licensed for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors, within any Parifh in Ireland, shall certify under His Hand and. Seal, to any Juftice of the Peace for the County, County of a Town, or City, in which which fubh Parifh shall be situate, that Perfons were entertained in the House of any Perfon so licensed between the Hours of Twelve at Night and Seven in the Morning, on any Day of the Week except Sunday, or at any Time whatever on a Sunday, such Juftice shall thereupon summon the Party accused, and unless the Party summoned shall make it appear to the Satisfaftion of such Juftice of the Peace, that the Persons found in such House were Inmates of the House where they were so found, such, Certificate shall be concluiive Evidence to subject the Perfons licensed for the Sale of Spirituous Liauors to a Penalty of Forty Shillings, British Currency, for the Firu Offence, and for the Second Offence to the Sum of Five Pounds, British Currency 5 and in Default of Payment of such Penalty, such Juftice of the Peace may issue his Warrant for the Diftrefs and Sale of thf Goods of the Perfon on whom such Penalty shall be imposed.

f4 Recited Afts may be altered or repealed this Selfion. § 9.”

CAP,

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. in,

C.63.

CAP. LXIII.

An A£t to amend an A& made in the Forty-feventh Tear of His present Majefty’s Reign for securing the' Collection of the Duties on Au£tions in Ireland..	[18th June	1808.]

u ±7 G• 3.^.1. r. 17. § 20. as to Sale of Goods exempt from Duty u (by licensed Auctioneers only) repealed. § 1. 47 G. 3. Jl. i. e. 17. ** § 21. as to Sale of DiftrefTes for Rent repealed. §2.—47 G, 3.

c. 17. $ 19. (5c chap. 18. Schedule A. title Auctions) con-“ fining* exemptions to Sale of Colonial Goods imported within Six M Months, repealed. $ 3.”

IV. And be it further enacted, That ho Duty shall be charged on the Satie by Auction of any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or EffeCts whatever imported into Ireland by Way of Merchandize, and so fold at the Port of Inportation by or for the Account of the original Importer or Confignee thereof, to whom the fame were consigned, and by whom they were entered at the Cuftom House, so as such Sale be the first Sale thereof after the Importation of the fame; nor upon the Sale by AuCtion of any Cattle, Live Stock or Dead Stock, or unmanufactured Produce ot Land, so as such Sale be made for the Account of the Owner of such Land, or for the Account of the Perfon occupying such Laud, and whilst such Cattle, Live or Dead Stock, or unmanufactured Produce continues on the Land producing the fame; nor upbn the Sale by AuCtion of any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or EffeCts fold by Order of the Commissioners of Cuf* toms and Port Duties, or by Order of the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or by Order of the Commiflioners of Stamp Duties, or by Order of the Board of Ordnance in Ireland refpec-tively; any Thing in the said recited ACts of the Forty-feventh Year aforesaid, or either of them, to the contrary in any wife not-with (landing.

V. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where the real Owner of any Estate, Goods, or Efsects, put up to Sale by way of Audion in Ireland, shall become the Purehafer by Means ot his own Bidding or the Bidding of any Perfon on his Behalf or for his Ufe at such Sale without Fraud or Collusion, then and in such Cafe it (halt and may be lawful for the Examinator of AuCtion Duty in Dublin, or the Collector of Excife, in the DiflriCt in which such Sale shall be held, and they are respectively authorized and empowered to make an Allowance to the Owner of such EHates, Goods, or EfFeCts, of the Duties arising under any ACt or Ads in force in Ireland, upon such Bidding or Sale ; provided that Notice in Writing signed by the Owner and the Perfon intended to be the Bidder, that such Bidder is appointed by or on the Behalf of such Owner, to bid at the Sale for the Ufe and Behoof of such Owner, shall have been given Ui the Auctioneer before such Bidding, and that the Delivery of such Notice (hail be verified by the Oath of such Auctioneer, as also the Fairnefs and Reality of the Tranfadiou to the bed of his Knowledge and Belief.

VI. And be it further euacted, That nothing in the said ACl contained shall extend to prevent any Sheriff or Sheriffs from employing such Perfon or Perfoos as he or they shall think proper, to fell by AuCtion any Estate, Goods, or Eifects seized for the Benefit of any

Creditor

Exemptions from Au&ion Duties; Goods imported on first Sale.

Cattle and Stock on IaimI;

Goods fold by Order of Board of Cuftoms, Excife, or Ordnance.

Allowance of

Auftion Duty on Property bought in by the Ownrr.

Sales on Executions may be made by Slit &c. without previous Notice of the Sale.

A.D. i8o8,

*pe	C.63,64.	48°	GEO.	IU.

feo G.a.jl.i. *-»7. i.aa.

No Perfon felling Goods exempt from Au£lion Duty liable to any Penalty for hot being licensed.

Creditor in Execution of any Judgment, although such tVrfon shall not be a licensed Au&ioneer; and that upon any Sale made by such Sheriff or Sheriffs, or the Perfon employed by him or them, it shall not be necessary to give any previous Notice of such Sale at the Office pf Examinator of Au&ion Duty in Dublin, or at the Office of the Colle&or of Excife: Provided always, that the Sheriff or Sheriffs under whose Authority such Sale shall be made shall be liable to and charged and chargeable with the full Au&ion Duty on all floods and Effects fold at such Sale ; and a Return or Account of fucn Sale, and Payment of the Duty thereon, shall be made by or on the Part of the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, or by the Perfon employed by him or them, in like Manner as is directed by the said recited A61 for securing the Colle&ion of the Duties on Au&ions in Ireland, with respect to Sales by Auctioneers under that ACt. '

VII,	And be it further enacted, That nothing in the said recited A6t for securing the Collection of the Duty on Auctions contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Perfon whatever from aCting as an Auctioneer in the Sale of any'Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or EffeCts in respect of the Sale whereof, or of the Purchafe Money ariiing wherefrom, no AuCtion Duty is made payable under and by virtue of any ACt or ACts in force in Ireland, or which by this ACt or any ACt or ACts in force in Ireland are exempted from the Payment of the Duty on Auctions; and that no Perfon so acting as Auctioneer in such Sale, nor any Perfon or Per-fons employed by any Sheriff or Sheriffs aCting in any Sale by virtue of this ACt as aforesaid, shall be required to take out any Licence for so doing, nor shall any such Perfon be fubieCt or liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture under the said recited ACt For securing the Collection of the Duly on Auctions in respect of such Sale, of any such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or EffeCts, nor on Account o£ such Perfons not having taken out a Licence pursuant to the Directions of the said ACt; any Thing in the said recited Ad or any other ACt to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXIV.

N ' An Ad to amend an ACt made in the Forty-fixth Tear of %	His ptefent Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to accept the

Services of Volunteers from the Militia of Ireland.

[18th June 1808*]

46 G. a. c. 124. « tt THERE AS by an ACt made in the Forty-fixth Year of His 4 W present Majefty*s Reign, intituled. An AS to enable His

*	Majejly to atcept the Serviees of Volunteers from the Militia of 4 Ireland, under certain ReJlriSions / it was enacted, That within

'	^4 Twelve Calendar Months after the Twenty-fourth Day of Julym

4 every Year, while the said Militia should be augmented under the 44G. Si* c. 93.	4 Provifions of an Ad made in the Forty-fourth Year of His prefen^

4 Majefty’s Reign, intituled. An AS for empowering His Majesty to 4 direS the Augmentation of His Militia Forces in Ireland, to an Ex*

4 tent therein limited9 it (Hould be lawful for His Majesty from Time 4 to Time to direCt Regiments of the Line, or of the Royal 4 Marines, to receive Volunteers from the Militia Forces of Ireland,

4 and that it should be lawful for the Private Men in the said Militia

♦	from Time to Time to enlist into such Regiments under the (aid

7	4	Adf

48° GEO. HL	0.64*	%gx

*A &, subject to the Regulations and Reftri&ions in the said A 6t 4 mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that Provifion should be 1 made for more effectually carrying the said Adi into Execution 1 from Time to Time ;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons9 in this present Par* liament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That so much So much of and such Part of the said recited A£t as confines the Time of such <6G.a. c. 124. enlisting in each Year to the Period of Ten Days next ensuing the “confine* Time Time when the Terms of such enlisting shall be explained and made ^nUftiae to 10 known to his Men by the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Day# and io Battalion, or Corps 0/ Militia, pursuant to Diredlions received by Day* farther, him for such enlisting, or to the further Period of Ten Days next repealed, succeeding such first mentioned Ten Days, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed,

II.	And be it further enacted, That whenever, at any Time after Commanding the Twenty-fourth Day of July in any Year, the Commanding 0®ccnfaali Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of the Militia of	Periods

Ireland shall nave received His Majefty’s Directions with refoedl to ofjhree Day* such Volunteering as afoiysaid, signified in Manner in the laid re- each, berwcea cited Adi of the Forty-fixth Year mentioned, and shall have explained 24th August sad to the Private Men of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, the Form a4tl{ .hruf7. of Enlifting in such Manner as in and by the said recited Adi is r^tVKnlillraefit ordered and directed, it shall be lawful for the said Commanding fl^i pi**. Officer, and he is hereby authorized, empowered, and required to appoint a Period of Three successive Days, during which such En-liftment shall take place; and in cafe the whole Number of Men allowed to enlist from such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, in any One Year, in-purfuance of the Provifions of the said recited Adi of the Forty-fixth Year, shall not voluntarily declare their Intention of enlisting within such Space of Three Days, then to appoint a further Period of Three Days for such enlisting; and so in like .Manner to appoint Six such Periods of Three Days each if necessary, during which such Enliftment shall take place under the said recited Adis:

Provided always, that Ten Days Notice shall from Time to Time be given by the Commanding Officer to the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, of the several Days or Periods so to be appointed for enlisting, previous to each such Period; and that there shall be an In-. terval of Fourteen Days at least between each such Period of Three Days; and that all the said several Periods of Three Days shall be between the Twenty-fourth Day of Augujt in each Year, and the Twenty-fourth Day of February in the Year following.

IIL And be it further enacted. That if at any of the said Periods Milk* Mcnmay so to be appointed as aforesaid any Private Militia Man of such Regi- pnll/V*1 merit, Battalion, or Corps, who under the Provifionfe of the said jettons of recited Adi of the Forty-fixth Year is allowed to enlist, shall volun- 46 g. 3. c. m. tariiy declare his Intention of enlisting pursuant to the said Adi, it fhaU be lawful for the Commanding Officer to discharge him from the said Militia $ and such Private Militia Man shall be enlisted and at-tefted in the Regiment or Corps into which he shall have declared his Intention to 61111ft, and shall be entitled to Bounty accordingly, in such Manner, apd under such Rules, Regulations, Provisions, and •

Diredlions in all respects as are mentioned, contained, and fp reined

Ip*

C. 64:

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 1808.

Wlteri the whole Number allowed to volunteer are dtfeharged, no further Time for e 1 il'illing ihall be appointees

Officers of (he Line shall not eome within 10 Miles of Militia Regiments while volunteering.

If the whole Number has hot volunteered by 24 th February yearly, Lord Lieutenant may apjxmu a final Period of 10 Pavs for such Volunteering.

Powers of rented AA extended to this Adi.

in the said recited Aft, except so far as the fame is altered or amended l>y this Aft.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That in caf'* the Wh-de Number of Men allowed to enlist from any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, in any One Year, under the Provifions of the said recited Aft of the Forty-fixth Year, shall have actually declared their Intention of enlisting under the said recited Aft, within the first or any subsequent Period of Three Days to be appointed as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the Commanding Officer to appoint any further or other such Period for such Enlift ment; and that nothing in this Aft contained shall extend to authorize the discharging from any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of the said Militia any greater Number of Men than in the Proportion of Fifteen Men* for every Company in any One Year, pursuant to the Provifions of the said recited Aft.

V.	Prbvided also, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Commiflioned Officer or Noncommiffioned Officer of or belonging to any Regiment of the Line, or the Royal Marines, which shall be authorized or directed to receive Volunteers from any Regiment, Corps, or Battalion of the said Militia, to be within Ten Miles of the Quarters of such Regiment, Corps, or Battalion of Militia at any Time during the respective Periods to be appointed for the Volunteering from luch Regiment, Corps, or Battalion of Militia, in Manner aforesaid.

VI.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That in cafe the whole Number of Men allowed to be discharged in any One Year under the Provifions of the said recited Aft of the Forty-fixth Year, and this Aft, from any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, shall not have voluntarily declared their Intention of enlisting into His Majefty’s Regular Forces or Royal Marines for General Service with* in the said Six several and respective Periods of Three Days to be appointed for such enlisting, in Manner herein-before mentioned, after the Twenty-fourth Day of July in any Year, and before the Twenty-fourth Day of February in the Year following, it shall and hiay be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Gover-aors of Ireland for the Time being, by any Order to be signified by his or their Chief Secretary to the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, to appoint a further and final Period of Ten Days for such Enliftmcnt, between such Twenty-fourth Day of February and the Twenty-fourth Day of March then next ensuing; and during the said Period of Ten Day9 so to be appointed, it shall be lawful for any Private Militia Man in such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, voluntarily to enlist for General Service under the Regulations of the said recited Aft of the Forty-fixth Year, and this Aft ; and during such Period of Ten Days it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers of such Regiment as shall be appointed pur-fuant to the said Aft of the Forty-fixth Year aforesaid, to receive Volunteers from the said Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, to attend at the Place of Volunteering, and to receive and enlist such Men as shall volunteer accordingly; any Thing in this Aft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations, Rcftriftions, and Directions, mentioned and

contained

AD. 1808.

*93

48° GEO. III.	C.	64,<Sj.

contained in the said recited A & of the Forty-fixth Year aforesaid,

/hall be applied and put in Force in the Execution of this Ad,- as fully and ene&ually as if the fame were repeated and re-enaded in this Ad; and that the said recited Ad and this Ad shall be construed together as one Ad, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever,

CAP. LXV.

An Ad to make more efFe&ual Provifion for the building and rebuilding of Churches, Chapels, and Glebe Houses, and for the Purchafe of Glebe Lands, Glebe Houses, and Impropriations, in Ireland.	[18th June	1808.]

* TT THE REAS it is expedient to make more effectual Provifions 4 VV for the building and rebuilding of Churches in Ireland; and 4 for providing the Means of Refidence for the Clergy on their ref-4 pedive Benefices 5* be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all and All funds in iht Sum and Sums of Money and Securities for Money which at DHpoial of the ime of passing of this Ad are or shall be, or which at any Tmftees af First Time after the passing of this Ad shall come into or be in the Fnut9 In Hands, Power, Cuftody, Pofsession, or Difpofal of the Truftees and Commissioners of First Fruits in Ireland for the Time being, under Primate or by virtue of any Grant of the Crown, Letters Patent, Grant Robmfon's) (haU or Ad of Parliament, or otherwise howsoever, and all Interect, Di- 9J**?*1* to_ ▼idends, Profits, and Proceeds thereof (fave’and except only the rebuildingof** Funds and Property bequeathed by the Will of Dodor Hugh Boul- Churcha in ter, formerly Lord Archbifiiop of Armagh, to be difpoied of in Ireland, as well buying Glebes or augmenting Livings, and which, in and by an Ad as to puichafit^ made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-ninth Year of the ^bes, &tv Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An A8 Seehijh A8, for amending and making more effectual the Laws relating to Firjl a3tf.2/c. is. Fruits, and for the better Regulation and Management of the charitable Beqieejl of DoSor Hugh Boulter, late ArchbiJhop of Armagh, for augmenting the Maintenance of Poor Clergy, were veiled in the Truftees and Commissioners of First Fruits for the Purpofes in the said Ad mentioned; and also save and except the Funds and Property bequeathed to the said Truftees and Commissioners by Dodor Robinfon, formerly Lord Archbilhop of Armagh, and the Interect,

Dividends, and Proceeds of the said Bequefts respectively; and also save and except such other Funds and Property as may hereafter be bequeathed to or veiled in the said Truftees and Commissioners fair any special Purpofes) shall be and the fame are hereby declared to b« applicable, and shall and may from Time to Time be applied by the\ said Truftees and Commissioners in and towards the building and rebuilding of Churches and Chapels in Ireland, as well as in and towards the purchasing of Glebes and Impropriations, and building or purchasing Glebe Houses, and other rurpofes to1 which’the lame may by Law be applicable at the Time of the passing of this A&, and the Application by the said Truftees and Commissioners of the said Monies, Securities and Funds, and of the Interect, Profits and Proceeds thereof, or any Part thereof, in and towards the building and rebuilding of Churches and Chapels in Manner directed by this A&,

48 Geo. III.	O	,	or

19*

A.D .1808.

So much of any Ad* as reftrain* the Application of Funds for rebuilding Churches to Parilhes

where no Service has been performed for 30 Years repealed as to Churches and Chapels for the building of which Money ftiafl lie advanced on Loan under ibis Ad.

TVu flees of First Fruits empowered to advance Sums for building * or repairing Churches or Chnpclft*

Tfuftees miy take Bond ror due Application of Money advaneed, and if they think fit, for Repay*

C. 65,	48® GEO. III.

or any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland» shall be ns good* valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, as if the Application of the fame had been originally so directed at the 'Time when the said Monies, Securities and Funds were placed in the Truft or tinder the Cojitroul or Management of the said Truftees and Com-miffioners; any Thing in any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland, or any Law, Usage, Cuftom, Grant, Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

II.	And be it further enacted, That so much and such Parts of any Ad or Ads in force at the Time of the pafiing of this Ad, as limits and rest rains the Application of any Grant or Appropriation by Parliament of any Sum or Sums of Money granted to the said Truftees and Commiflioners of First Fruits for the building new Churches and rebuilding old Churches in such Parilhes wherein no publick Service has been performed for Twenty Years last pad, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed, so far as relates to Churches or Chapels, for the building or rebuilding whereof any Advance by Loan shall be made under the Provifions of this Ad; and from and after the pafling of this Ad it shall and may be lawful for the said Truftees aiul Commiflioners to appropriate all Sum and Sums of Money in their Hands to the building and rebuilding such Churches and Chapels as well in Parifties where publick Service shall have been performed in the Courfe of Twenty Years preceding the Time of the several Grants and Appropriations aforesaid as in anjr other Parifti whatsoever; any Thing in the said Ads or any of them to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further enacted, that whenever, under any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland, such Meafures shall have been had and taken concerning the eroding of any new Church or Chapel, or the rebuilding of any Church or Chapel in any Parifti or Place in Ireland* so that such Eredion or Rebuilding may by Law be proceeded upon, and an Application in Writing shall be made to the laid Truftees and Commiflioners of the First Fruits in Irelandf by the Ordinary of the Diocefe, or by the Minifter and Churchwardens of the Parifti or Place in which it shall be proposed and intended that any such Church or Chapel shall be erected or rebuilt, or by any Two Protcftant Inhabitants of such Parifti or Place, accompanied by a Plan and Eftimate of the Expcnce of such proposed Eredion or Rebuilding approved by the Ordinary of the Diocefe, it shall and may be lawful for the said Truftees and Commiflioners from Time to Time, and by such Inftalnients and Proportions as the said Truftees and Commiflioners shall think proper, to advance to the Perfons so ap-

{dying, out of the Monies and Funds intruded to the Care of the aid Truftees and Commiflioners, the Whole or any Part of such Sum or Sums of Money as according to such Plan and Eftimate the said Truftees and Commiflioners ftiau think fit and proper to be applied in the Eredion or Rebuilding of any such Church or Chapel ref-pedivcly, in Manner herein-aftcr mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Truftees and Commiflioners (if they shall think fit) to require from the Party or Parties so applying good and sufficient Security by the Bond of the said Parties, or by the Bond or Bonds of One or more Surety or Suretiesi or other Perfon or Perfons, in sufficient Penalties for the due Application of the Money so to be

advaneed,

AD. i8o8.

48° GEO. III.	C.6e.	195

advaneed, or for refunding to the said Truftees and Commissioners so ment of the much thereof as shall not be actually expended in such Ereftion oranT or Rebuilding within Two Years after such Money shall have been byann\ml advaneed; or if the said Truftees and Commiflionera shall not think Inftalmenu,&c* it fit or neceiTary to require such Security, it shall be lawful for the said Truftees and Commissioners to advance such Sum or Sums of •Money without such Security; and if the said Truftees and Com-miflioners shall be of Opinion that it is fitting and expedient that any Sum or Sums of Money so to be advaneed, or any Part thereof,

Should be advanced by way of Loan to, and (houJd be repaid by the Parifti or Place in which fych Church or Chapel so erected or rebuilt shall be erected or situate, then and in such Cafe it shall and may be lawful for the said Truftees and Commissioners to require and take such Security by Bond for the repaying of such Sum or Sums of Money so advaneed, or such Part or Proportion thereof as shall be expressed in such Bond or Security, in Manner and at the Time* following; (that is to (ay) Six Pounds per Centum of the Sum so advanced (or such Part thereof as shall be to be repaid as afone&id) on the First Day of July next after the Expiration of One Year from the Day on which such Sum or Sums shall be so advaneed, or within Twenty-one Days next after; Six Pounds per Centum more of fuch	-

Sum on the First Day of July in every succeeding Year (or within Twenty-one Days after), until Ninety-fix Pounds per Centum of the Sum so advanced (or such Part thereof as [hall be to be repaid as aforefaid) shall be repaid; and the remaining Four Pounds per Centum of such Sum on the First Day of July (or within Twenty-one Days after) in the Year succeeding that in which the last Inftal-ment of Six Pounds per Centum (hau have been paid as before mentioned: Provided always, that no Intereft shall be paid for or upon Nolntereft any Sum so advanced by the said Truftees and Commissioners under except on this Aft, or for or upon any Part thereof, unless the Payment of Failure in the said Inftalments shall be deferred beyond the Days and Times Inftalment8* on which they shall have severally become due: Provided also, that No Advance no Sum of Money shall be advanced otherwise than by way of Loan except by according to the Provifions of this Aft, towards the building or re- m oert#4n building of a Church in any Pari(h wherein Divine Service shall have 6,1 been performed within Twenty Years then last past; save and except towards building Chapels of Eafe in such Panihes where they may be built under an Aft pafied in the Parliament of Ireland in the Sixth Year of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled. An AB 6 Geo. l.c. 13; for the better Maintenance of Curates within the Church of Ireland; and by an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland in the First Year 1 Geo. a. e. is* of his late Majesty King George the Second, for explaining and amending the feme; for the Ereftion of which Chapels the said Truftees are hereby empowered to advance Money as they may for ereft-ing any other Churches by this Aft.

V.	And be it further enacted, That whenever Security shall be When Security taken by the said Truftees and Commissioners for the Repayment of *^1*6™! for any Sum or Sums of Money so advaneed,or any Part thereof, by such SrSSiwli-Inftalments of Six Pounds per Cmtum and Four Pounds per Centum vtnc^riie fame as aforesaid, the Parifti or Place in which the Church or Chapel so (hail be railed by erected or rebuilt shall be (ituat?, v and which shall by Law be bound m to the Repair of such Church or Chapel, shall be required and bound to repay the feid several Sums of Money, for the Repayment of

O 2	which

A.D. 1808.

196

43 G. a. c. 1*8. for i fluing 50,G00l. from the Treasury to the Truftees of First Fruiu;

(amended by

47 G. a. c. 23 ;)

repealed, as to the Manner and Conditions of ifilling the laid folQt

On Certificate by Truftees of First Fruits, of Sum required for erecting Churches, Glebe Houses, fix. Treasury may advance the fane.

C. 6$,	480 GEO. III.

which such Security shall have been given as aTorefaid by the said several annual Inftalments of Six Pounds and Four Pounds ter Centum in Manner aforesaid; and that the Amount of the (aid annual Inftalments or Sum or Sums of Money shall be from Time to Time afleffect, applotted, levied and raised in such Pariih or Place in such Manner, and with all such Powers and Remedies for the aflefling, applotting, railing and levying of the fame in all Refpests, as is or are provided for the aflefling, applotting, railing and levying of any Sum or Sums of Money, Rate, Pariih Cefs or Tax, for repairing, building, or rebuilding of any Church or Chapel, or other necessary Charges belonging to such Church or Chapel, under or by virtue of any Ad or A3s in force in Ireland at the Time of the palling of. this Ad; and that aH Churchwardens and Veftries ihall have the like Power to assess all Pariihes and Places^ and to applot and levy such Afleflments and be accountable for the fame, and to do all Matters and Things for the aflefling, applotting, railing and levying of such annual Inftalments or Sums of Money so to be payable as aforesaid in all respects whatsoever, as they now have respectively, touching or concerning any Rate or Rates, Sum or Sums of Money, Pariih Cefs or Tax, for the repairing, building, or rebuilding of any Church or Chapel, or any other necessary Charge belonging to such Church or Chapel, under or by virtue of any such Aft or Ads as aforesaid.

VI.	* And whereas by an Ad passed in the Forty-third Year of * His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An Ad for granting to His 4 Majtjly the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds for building Glebe Houfet in 4 Ireland1, it is enacted, that by or out of such Monies as shall at any Time or Times be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland of the Confolidated Fund, there Ihall and may be issued by the Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland as he or they Ihall think fit, from Time to Time, free of Interect, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds Irijh Currency, to the said Truftees and Commiflioners of the said First Fruits, to be by them applied as in the said Ad is mentioned: 4 And whereas by an Ad made in the Forty-feventh

4 Year of H»s present Majefty’s Reign, the said recited Aft of the 4 Forty-third Year was altered and amended: And whereas no Part of 4 the laid Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds has yet been issued, and it 4 is expedient to amend the said Afts ;* be it therefore enacted, That so much and such Parts of the said Ads, or either of them, as direct the Manner of issuing the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, and the Conditions of advancing the fame, Ihall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That whenever and so often as the said Truftees and Commiflioners of the First Fruits in Ireland Ihall certify by Writing under the Hand and Seal of the Treasurer of the said Truftees and Commiflioners, to the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Trea-furer of Ireland, that they the said Truftees and Commiflioners have thought it fitting and expedient that a Sum of Money should be advaneed, specifying the Amount thereof, for the erecting or rebuilding of any Church or Chapel, Specifying the Pariih or Place in which iuch Church or Chapel is to be erected or is lituate,or for the Building, Eredion, or the Purchafe of a Glebe House and Offices,

2	or

A.D.i8o8,

197

48° geo. iil	'	a 65:

or for the Purchafe of Glebe Lands or Impropriations, specifying the Parifh or Place in which the fame are to be erected or pur-chafed respectively, together with a Statement of the Sum which such Truftees and Commissioners require to be advanced on account thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, to advance and pay to the said Truftees and Commiflioners of the First Fruits, out of Che Consolidated Fund of Ireland, the net Sum contained and specified in such Certificate and Statement as necessary to be then advanced for the said Purpofes respectively, without any further or other Warrant or Authority whatsoever to be had in that Behalf, whether such Sum shall be required to be advanced for the Purpofe of building or rebuilding any Church or Chapel, or for the Purpofe of building any Glebe Houle, or of purchafmg any Glebe Land or Glebe House or Impropriations respectively: Provided always, that the Money so advanced by the laid Lord High Treasurer, or Com-sniffioners of the Treasury, shall not in the Whole at any Time amount to more than the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, granted by the said recited Aft of the Forty-third Year aforesaid,

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That every Bond which shall be taken by the said Truftees and Commissioners for Money to be advanced by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commiflioners of the Treasury by virtue of this Aft, shall be made payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeflors, and shall, within One Calendar Month after the fame shall be entered into, be transmitted by the said Truf-tees and Commissioners to the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commiflioners of the Treasury, and the Repayment of all Sums for which such Bond shall be given as Security shall be from Time to Time made into the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland according to the Conditions of the said Bonds respectively; and if such Sums of Money shall not be duly paid respectively; the said Bonds shall and. may be put in Suit from Time to Time under the Orders of the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three of them; and if the said Truftees and Commiflioners of Fir ft Fruits shall deem it advisable and expedient to apply the Amount of such Money so repaid in the further Execution of this Aft, or any other Aft or Afts as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or Commiflioners of the Treasury again to advance and pay to the said Truftees and Commissioners of First Fruits the Whole or any Part of the Sum or Sums so repaid on like Certificate, and in like Manner and for the like Purpofes as are hereinbefore specified and enacted, and so from Time to Time as often as any Sum or Sums shall be so repaid, and shall remain and be unapplied, and shall be required to be applied by the (aid Truftees and Commissioners to the Purpofes of this Aft or the said Afts respectively.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to limit or restrain the Power now veiled by Law in the said Truftees and Commissioners to grant or give any Sum or Sums of Money gratuitously to any Incumbent for the Purpofe of enabling or assisting him to build, repair, or improve any Glebe House in or upon the Benefice, Parifh or Union of which he shall be Incumbent, whether such Incumbent shall or shall pot have, received a Loan to he in part applied to the said Purpofes

O 3	from

Bond ih&n be transmitted to the Treasury, and all Money so advanced {hall be repaid into the Tree-fury, and may be re-iliued and applied to the Purpofe* of this Aft.

This Aft fhall

not obstruct or alter the Laws in force tor building Glebe Houses, &e»

A*D. 1808.

198	C.65.	48°	GEO.	III.

Iri(h A&s9 eG.i. c. IS.

u &isG.s. €• 16.

Sum* to be flowed for building Glebe Uoufes.

from the laid Truftees and Commiilioners under and by virtue of the Authority of this Ad, nor to obftru&, annul, make void or alter the Laws now m force in Ireland for building, repairing and improving Glebe Houses, or any of them, save as herein-before mentioned, but that Incumbents, in cafe they shall think proper to proceed un-%der and according to the said Laws, may do lo, m the fame Manner as if this Ad had not been made.

X.	‘ And whereas by an Ad made in the Parliament of Ireland in * the Eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the 4 First, intituled, An AS for better enabling the Clergy having Cure of 4 Souls to rejide on their Benefices, and for the Encouragement of Pro* ' tcjlant Schools, the said Truflees and Commiilioners of First Fruits are 4 empowered by and out of the First Fruits to pay any Sum not 4* exceeding One hundred Pounds Sterling to any Incumbent, his 4 Executors, Adminiftrators or Alsigns, towards reimbursing the 4 Charge which such Incumbent may have been at in haviug built 4 a convenient Dwelling upon the Glebe belonging to his Benefices 4 4 And whereas by an Ad made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 4 Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty *s Reign, in-4 tituled, An AS for ereSing Parochial Chafels of Eafe in Parijhes 4 of large Extent, and making such Chapels and those that are already 4 ereSed perpetual Cures 7 and for making a proper Provifion for the 4 Maintenance of perpetual Curates to officiate in fame7 and for mak*

4 ing appropriate Parijhes perpetual Cures 7 the said Truftees and Com-4 miffioners of First Fruits are required to grant to Curates of perpetual 4 Curacies a Sum not exceeding One hundred and fifty Pounds, to 4 build a Glebe House in Manner and upon the Conditions in the 4 said Ads respectively mentioned: And whereas it is expedient 4 that the said Sums respectively fhoiild be increased in certain Cafes :* Be it therefore enacted, that where the annual Value of any Benefice shall not exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, it shall be lawful for the said Truftees to pay any Sum not exceeding Four hundred Pounds; and where the said annual Value shall exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and not exceed the Sum of Two hundred and Fifty Pounds, to pay any Sum not exceeding Three hundred and Fifty Pounds ; and where the said annual Value shall exceed the Sum of Two hundred and Fifty Pounds, and not exceed the Sum of Three hundred Pounds, to pay any Sum not exceeding Three hundred Pounds; and where the said annual Value shall exceed the Sum of ~ Three hundred Pounds, and not exceed the Sum of Three hundred and Fifty Pounds, to pay any Sum not exceeding Two hundred and Fifty Pounds; and where the said annual Value shall exceed the Sum of Three hundred and Fifty Pounds, and not exceed the Sum of Four hundred Pounds, to pay any Sum not exceeding Two hundred Pounds ; and for every Benefice, the annual Value of which shall not exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds, -and for every perpetual Curacy, to pay any Sum not exceeding Four hundred and Fifty Pounds, as the said Truftees in their Difcretion shall think fit; to any Incumbent or perpetual Curate, his Executors, Adminiftrators and Afsigns, towards defraying the Charge which such Incumbent or perpetual Curate may incur or have been at in building any such DwelKng-house; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Truftees and Commiilioners, and they are hereby empowered to pay any of the said rcfpe&ive Sums in advance, and in. loch. Proportions, and bjr

A*l!) • 1808*

48® GEO. III.

•C.tfj.

* 99

fuch Ip Raiments as the said Truftees in their Difcretion shall think fit, before such House is begun to be built, upon an AiTurance that such .Houfe shall be built upon a Plan and Eftimate approved of in such a Manner as in the said recited Aft of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His present Majefty's Reign is specified and dirested: Provided always, that the last of the laid Inftalments shall be the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or a larger Sum, and that the said lall In Raiments shall not be paid until a Certificate shall be tendered as directed in the. said recited Aft, pafied in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First; and unless it shall appear by the said Certificate that the whole Amount of the Sum granted by the said Truftees has been duly expended in Addition to the Amount of the Value of Two Years Income of the Benefice, or in cafe of a perpetual Curacy in Addition to the Sum of Fifty Pounds : Provided also, that where the annual Value of any Benefice shall exceed the Sum of Four hundred Pounds, the said Truftees may pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds and no more, in Manner directed by the said recited Aft paiTed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His la.te Majesty King George the First.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and* may be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or the CommifiionerB for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland* to advance and pay out of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds the said several and respective Sums which the faia Truftees and Commifiioners of the First Fruits are empowered by this Aft to pay in Aid of the Erection of Glebe Houses, upon the like Certificate as aforesaid of the Treasurer of the said Truftees and Commifiioners, that the said Trpftees and Commifiioners have thought it fitting and expedient that a Sum of Money, specifying the Amount thereof, should be advanced towards the Ereftion oFa Glebe House and Offices, fpeci* fying the Parish and Diocefe in which the said Glebe House and Offices are to be erested, together with a Statement of the Sunt which the said Truftees and Commifiioners require to be advanced on account of the fame*

XII.	* And whereas it is necefiary that the clear improved yearly 1 Value of the small Benefices to which it is intended by this Aft to « give increased Sums towards the Ereftion of Glebe Houfes fhould' be * afeertained as exactly as may be;* be it therefore enacted. That the respective Archbifhops ana Bifhops of every Diocefe are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time as they (haU fe$ Occa-fion, as well by the Oath of Two or more credible Witnefles (which Oath they or any Perfon or Perfons commissioned by them under their Hands a»d archiepiscopal or episcopal Seals, are hereby empowered to admiuifter) as by all other lawful Ways and Means, to inform themselves of the clear improved yearly Value of every Benefice with Cure of Souls, Living, or Curacy, appropriate or impropriate, and of-the clear improved yearly Value of the Maintenance of every Pfcr-fbn. Vicar, Curate, and Minifter, officiating in every such Church or Churches, Chapel or Chapels as aforesaid, within their refpec* tive Diocefes, who shall apply so receive the said increased Sum, and how such yearly Values arise, with the other Circumftances there-* of, ar.d the fame or such of them whereof they shall have fully in* formed themselves from Time to Time to certify under their refpeftiv® Hands and archiepiscopal 6r episcopal Seals to the said Truftees and

0 4	Coxmpifiioncr%

Irifh Treafury

empowered to advance die Sums required out of said 5Q,OOOl.

[See §6.]

Manner of afceiw taining Value of Benefices to be benefited by this A&, by Ere&ionof Glebe Houses, lec.

A.D.i8o8i

300	C. 6g.	480	GEO. III.

Tor fecoring the due Application of the Money granted under this A& or 43 G. 3.

C. 206.

Commiffioners of the First Fruits for their better Information in the

Premises; and that such Certificates, when so returned to the said Truftees and Commissioners, shall be entered in a Book to be by them or some Perfon to be appointed by them provided and kept for that Puroose; and that the said Entries being so made and attested and fublcribed by the said Truftees and Commissioners, or a lawful Quorum of them, shall be deemed and taken as Evidence of the true improved yearly Value of such Benefice, Living or Curacy, and of the Maintenance of every such Minifter as aforesaid, unless and until by any Change in Circumftances the Value of such Benefice, Living, or Curacy, or the Maintenance of such Parson, Vicar, Curate, or Minifter shall be increased, and the fame shall appear to have been so increased in Value, by a new Certificate of /he Archbifhop or Bifhop of the Diocefe, to be returned, entered and attested in Manner before-mentioned,

XIII.	‘And for the securing the due Application of Money ad-< vanced for the several Purpofes in this A61 mentioned:’ Be it further ena6feed, That whenever any Sum of Money shall have been advanced to any Incumbent under the Provifions of this A61, or of an A& made in the Forty-third Year of His present Maiefty’s Reign, intituled. An AS to enable the Commissioners of First Fruits, in Ireland to lend certain Sums of Money (Interejl free) to encumbents of Benefices tberef for. the Purpofe of enabling them to ereS or pur chafe Glebe. Hovfes and Offices convenient for their Refidencicsf and to purchase Glebe Lands fit and convenient for the EreSion of such Houfes and Ojfices9 and to make Provifion for the Repayment of all Loans so to be made by the said Copimifftoners, it shall ana may be lawful for the Archbifhop or Bifhop within whose Diocefe the Benefice shall be situate in refpedfc whereof such Money shall have been so advaneed, at any Time after the Expiration of Tnree Years from the first Advance of such Money, to iftue a Commiffion under his Hand and Seal of Office, empowering and requiring certain Perfons therein named to make Inquiry whether the Money so advanced has been duly expended in making the Ere&ions, Buildings or Purchases, for the Puipofe of which such Money was so advaneed, and whether the Buildings and Improvements be completed agreeably to the Memorial and to the Plan and Eftimate approved by the Archbifhop or Bifhop of the Diocefe pre-vioufly to the said Money being advaneed; and if on such Inquiry it shall appear that the said Money, or any Part thereof, hath not been so duly expended, or that the said Buildings and Improvements are not completed agreeably to the said Memorial, Plan, and Eftimate, it shall and may be lawful for such Archbifhop or Bifhop to ifTue an Order, in Writing under his Hand and Seal, requiring the Incumbent of such Benefice to complete such Ere6lions, Buildings, or Purchases, within Six Months after the Date of such Order, which Order shall be delivered to such Incumbent, or left at his usual or last Place of Abode, and in cafe of Non-compliance with such Order, it shall be lawful for such Archbifhop or Bifhop to sequester the Profits of the Benefice of such Incumbent until such Order shall be complied with, or sufficient Reafon for such Non-compliance shall be given to the Satisfa&ion of the said Archbifhop or Bishop, and to direft by any Order to be made for that Purpofe under his Hand the Application of such Profits, after deducing the necessary Expences of serving the Cure either in the Whole or in such Proportion as he

fhall

A.D. 1808.

401

48® GEO. III.	C.6s> 66.

Iball think fit towards the Completion of such Eredion, Building, or Purchafe respectively, on account of which such Money shall have been so advaneed; and such Incurqbent and all other Perfons shall also be liable to the Repayment of the Money so advaneed, and to the Payment of Interect, and to all the other Rules, Regulations, and Dire&ions, with respect to the Money so advaneed, as in the (aid recited Ad of the Forty-third Year, or this Ad, or any other Adi or Adis in force in Ireland* are mentioned, expreifed and contained.

CAP. LXVT.

An Adi for enforcing the Relidence of Spiritual Perfons on their Benefices in Ireland.	[18th June 1808.3

4 TT7"HEREAS it is expedient that more effedhial Provifions

*	VV should be made for enforcing the Refidence of Spiritual

*	Perfons on their Benefices in Ireland May it therefore please Your Majjefiy that it may be enacted; and be it enadied by the King’s more Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual ana Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That in every Cafe in which it shall appear to any Bifhop or Archbifhop of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland* that any Spiritual Perfon having or holding any Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry within the Dio* cefe of fuen Bifliop or Archbifhop respectively, having no lawful Caufe of Abfence from the fame, does not in the whole reside for the Space of Nine Calendar Months within the Year on the fame refpec-tively, it shall be lawful for such Bifhop or Archbifhop to ifiue or cause to be ifTued a Monition to such Spiritual Perfon forthwith to proceed to and reside thereon, and perform the Duties thereof, and to make & Return to such Monition within a certain Number of Days after the issuing thereof, so as that in every such Cafe there shall be Thirty Days between the Time of delivering such Monition to such Spiritual Perfon, or leaving the fame at his then usual or last Place of Abode, or if not there to be found, or if he shall be absent from the Diocefe, with the officiating Minifter or One of the Churchwardens, and also at the House of RefidenCe (if any such there be) belonging to such Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry to which any such Spiritual Perf6n shall be required by such Monition to proceed and reside thereon, and on the Prodor, Manager or Colledor of the Tythes of such Spiritual Perfon (if any such there be), and the Time specified in such Monition for the Return thereto; And every such Monition shall immediately on the issuing thereof be filed in the Regiftry of such Diocefe, and open for Infpedion on the Payment of One Shilling and no more $ and the Spiritual Perfon to whom any such Monition shall be sent under this Ad, shall within the Time specified for that Purpofe make a Return thereto; and it shall be lawful for the Bi(hop or ArchbHhop to whom any such Return shall be made, to require such Return or any Fads contained therein to be verified by the Oath of such Spiritual Perfon or others, to be taken before some Surrogate or Mailer Extraordinary in Chaneery, which Oath any such Surrogate or Mafter Extraordinary in Chancery is hereby authorized and required to administer 00 Application being made for that Purpose: And in every

Where any Incumbent does not reside Nine Mouths in the Year, the BiAiop, 8cc.

(hall issue a Monition to * him to reside.

Returns shall be made to Monitions; on Oath if required.

102

C .66.

48° GEO. III.

A»D* 1808.

Where Returns lhal) not be tosde»oribalI not be fatisfkdory, the Biibop may order Refidence, and if disobeyed may sequester the Profits of | the Benefice, and diie& the Application thereof.

Afpetl apamft S#queitratious may be made to the Archbiihcp.

Cafe where no such Return shall be made, or where such Return shall not state such Reafons as shall be deemed satisfactory by such Bifhop or Archbifhop for the Non-refidence of the Spiritual Perfon to whom such Monition shall have been sent as aforesaid, pr where he fame or any of the Fadfcs contained therein shall not be so verified on Oath as aforesaid, when the fame shall have been required, then and in such Cafe it shall be lawful for such Bifhop or Archbifhop to issue an Order in Writing under his Hand and Seal, to require tuch Perfon to proceed to and reside as aforesaid, within Vhirty Days after such Order in Writing or a Copy thereof shall have been de-livered or left in like Manner as is herein-before required as to Monitions; and in cafe of Non-compliance it shall be lawful for such Bifhop or Archbifhop to sequester the Profits of such Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy and parochial Chapelry of such Spiritual Perfon as aforesaid, until such Order shall be complied with, or such sufficient Reafons for Non-refidence dated and proved as aforesaid; and to diredb by any Order to be made for that Purpofe under his Hand, the Application of such Profits after deducting the necessary Expences of lerving the Cure, either in the Whole or in such Proportion as he shall think fit, in the first Place to the Payment of luch reasonable Ex pences as shall have been incurred in relation to such Monition and Sequcftration; and in the next Place towards the Augmentation or Improvement of any such Parfonage, Vicarage, Donative or perpetual Curacy, or the House of Refidence thereof, or any of the Buildings or Appurtenances thereof, or towards the Improvement of any of the Glebe or Demefne Lands thereof; or may order or dire61 the fame or any Portion thereof to be paid to the Truftees and Commissioners of the First Fruits payable out of Ec-clefiaftical Benefices in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, to be applied for the Purpofe of the Augmentation of the Funds vested in the said Truftees and Com-miflioners; and it shall also be lawful for such Bifhop or Archbishop, within Six Months after such Order for Seaueftration, or within Six Months after any Money shall have been actually levied by such Se-queftration, to remit to any such Spiritual Perfon any Part or Proportion of such sequestered Profits, or cause the fame or any Part thereof that shall have been pr.id or directed to be paid to such Truftees and Commissioners of the First Fruits, to be repaid to such Spiritual Perfon, which Repayment the said Truftees and Commissioners are hereby authorized and required, upon an Order under the Hand of any such Bifhop or Archbishop, to make, out of any Money then in their Hands, or if no Money shall then be in their Hands, out of the next Money that shall come to their Hands, in any Cafe in which by reason of the subsequent Obedience of any such Spiritual Perfon to any such Monition or Order, or the Rating and proving such sufficient Reafons as aforesaid, such Bifhop or Archbifhop shall think the fame proper: Provided always, that when any such Spiritual Perfon shall think himself aggrieved by reason of any such Scqueftration issued by any Bifhop it shall be lawful for any such Spiritual Perfon, within Thirty Days after the makiug any Order for any such Sequeftration, as aforesaid, and upon such Notice thereof to be served in like Manner as the Monition herein-before directed, to appeal to the Archbifhop 6f the Province to which such Bifhop shall belong, who shall forthwith, either by himself or some 6	Commiffionq

C 66.

48* GEO* IE.

Commifiioner or Commiffionera appointed from among the Bifhopa of his Province for that Purpose, under his Hand and Seal, make or cause to be made due Inquiry into the fame, and make such Order therein or relating thereto, or to the Profits that shall be so sequestered, as aforesaid, for the Return to such Spiritual Perfon of the fame or any Part thereof, or otherwise as shall, under all the Circumflances. of the Cafe, appear to such Archbifhop (after such Inquiry made by himself or by Lis Commifiioner or Coinmiffioners, and in the latter Cafe after the Subfiance of such Inquiry shall have been returned in Writing to the laid Archbifhop) to be just and proper: Provided always, that the Party so appealing shall give Security to the Bifhop for the Payment of such reasonable Expences occasioned by the Appeal, as the Archbifhpp or his Commifiioner or Commimoners shall award: 'Provided always, that no such Order for any Sequeftra-tion shall be put im force during such Appeal as aforesaid, and until the fame shall be determined.

II.	Provided also, and be it further enacted. That every Spiritual Perfon to whom any such Monition or Order in Writing shall he lent as aforesaid under this Adi, who shall at the Time of lfTuing thereof be absent from Refidence in or upon his Benefice, his Donative, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry, contrary to the Pro-vifions of this Adi, but wno shall in obedience to such Monition or Order forthwith return to due Refidence, and the Profits of whose Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry, shall by reason of such Return not be sequestered, shall nevertheiefs pay all Cofts, Charges, and Expences incurred by reason of the iftuing and serving such Monition or Order; and if such Cofts, Charges, and Expences shall remain unpaid for the Period of Twenty Days after Demand thereof from the Perfon liable to the Payment thereof, or left in Writing at his usual or last Place of Abode, it shall be lawful for such Archbifhop or Bifhop respectively, to cause the fame to be recovered by Sequeftration of the Profits of the Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry of such Spiritual Perfon as aforesaid, which Sequeftration such Bifhop and Archbifhop are respectively hereby empowered to issue.

III.	* And, to the Intent effectually to enforce bondJide Refidence * according to the Intent and Meaning of such Monitions and 4 Orders as aforesaid be it further enacted, That if any Spiritual Perfon having no lawful Caufe of Abfence from his Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry, who after such Monition or Order as aforesaid requiring his Refidence, and before or after any such Sequeftration as aforesaid, shall, in obedience to such Monition or Order, have begun to reside upon his Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry, shall afterwards and before the Expiration of Six Months next after the Commencement of such Refidence, in the Judgment of such Bifhop or Archbishop, and without his Leave, wilfully absent himself for One Week from such Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry, it shall be lawful for such Bifhop or Archbifhop^ without issuing any other Monition, or making any other Order, again to sequester and apply the Profits of such Benefice, Donative, or perpetual Curacy as is before directed by this Adi, for the Purpofe of enforcing the Refidence of such .Spiritual Perfon according to the true Intent pf the original Monition issued by such Bifhop or Archbifhop as aforesaid;

2o$

Appellant shall give Security.

Perfon* returning to Refidence on Monitio© shall pay the Gifts: or fuffcrSequef-ttatioo.

If anyPrrfon returning to Refidence on Monition shall before Six Months

thereafter absent himself for One Week, the Bifhop may, without Monition, sequester the Benefice.

C. 66.

A.D. 1808

[S*U1

If Sequeftration continues Three "Years, or Three Sequeftrations ere incurred in that Period* Benefice shall become void.

Contrails, after palling this A& for letting lloufes in which Incumbents by

Order of the Biflmp shall be required to resute, ihall he \ cid : and Prrfom holding l\il!( ffion alter the Day app<tinted {hall D* fub|c£t to the IV r.alty of 4 OS. per Day.

Oortra<fis matV before pafiing

tins Act.

C. 66.	48°	GEO. III.

said; and it {hall be lawful for the Archbilhop or Biftiop so to proceed in like Cafes from Time to Time as often as Occafion may require: Provided that in each and every of such Cafes such Spiritual Perfon shall be entitled to appeal against such Sequeftration, in such Manner and upon such Terms as herein-before is and are mentioned touching Appeals respecting Sequeftrations; but nevertheless the fame shall be in force during l'uch Appeal.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That if any Spiritual Perfon shall continue under any Sequeftration made under the Provifions of this A A, for Non-refidencc for the Space of Three Years, or shall under the Provifions of this Aft incur Three Sequeftrations in the said Space of Three Years, not being relieved with respect to any of such Sequeftrations upon Appeal, the Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry, in relation to Non-refidence upon which such Sequeftration shall have been made, shall become ipso fa3o void, and the Patron entitled to present or nominate some Clerk thereto, shall present or nominate some Clerk thereto other than the Clerk who {hall have so continued under such Sequeftration or Sequeftrations, as if the fame had been avoided by the natural Death or Kefignation of the Party.

V.	And be it further enacted, That all Contrafts and Agreements made after the palling of this Aft for the letting of Houfcs of Reli-dence, or the Buildings, Gardens, Orchards and Appurtenances neceftary for the convenient Occcupation of the fame, belonging to any Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry (to which Houfcs of Refidence any Spiritual Perfons shall be required by Order of .the Archbilhop or Bilhop as aforesaid to proceed and to reside therein, a Copy of which Order shall immediately on the ifiuing thereof be transmitted to One of the Churchwardens of the Parilh, and be by him forthwith served on the Occupier of such House of Refidence or left at the fame, and which such Churchwarden is hereby required to serve accordingly) shall be null and void; and any Perfon continuing to hold any such House of Refidence, or any such Building, Garden, Orchard or Premises, after the Day on which the said Spiritual Perfon {hall be directed by the said Order to reside in such House of Refidence, and after Service of such Copy as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Day he {hall, without the Permiflion of the Archbilhop or Bilhop in Writing for that Purpofe obtained, wilfully continue to hold any such House, Building, Garden, Orchard or Premises, to be recovered by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majefty's Courts of Record at Dublin, wherein no Efioign, Privilege, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed ; and the Whole of every such Penalty or Forfeiture {hall go and be paid to the Perfon or Perfons who shall inform and sue for the fame, together with such Cofts of Suit as {hall be allowed according to the Praftice of the Court in which such Aftion {hall be brought; But in cafes of such Contraft or Agreements made before the palling of this Aft the Perfon holding and occupying under any such Contraft or Agreement, shall not be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Three Calendar Months, to be computed from the Service of the Copy of such Order of the Archbilhop or Bilhop as aforesaid upon such Occupier, or at such House of Refidence as aforesaid, and Se-queftration shall not iftuc for Difobcdience to the Order of the Archbilhop

«A .Ju ■ i Sod*

C.66t

48° GEO. III.



bifhop or Bifhop for Three Calendar Months, to be computed from the Service of the Copy of the said Order, at the Expiration of which Time it ihall be lawful for the Archbifhop or Bifhop to issue Sequef-t rat ion, and from and after the Expiration of which Time the Party continuing to hold any such House, Building, Garden, Orchard, Pr^mifes or Appurtenances as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Day he shall wilfully continue without such Per-miffion in Writing as aforesaid to hold the fame or any of them, to be recovered and applied in the like Manner as aforesaid.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enadied, That no Spiritual Perfon shall be liable to any Penalties under this or any former Adi, for not rcflding in* such House of llefidence, during such Time as such Tenant (Hall continue to occupy such Houle of Refidence and other Buildings necessary to the Occupation of the fame.

VII.	And be it further enabled, That from and after the palling of this A£i all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures in this Adi contained in relation to Refidence, or to any other Matters or Things relating thereto, shall extend and be deemed and construed to extend to all Dignities, Prebends, Benefices, Donatives, perpetual Curacies, and all parochial Chapelries, exempt as well as not exempt, and all Peculiars, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame had been and were in this A& particularly mentioned and specified; any Thing in any Adi or Adis, Law or Daws to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

44 Archbishop, Bishop, and Archdeacon, within whose refpcdiire Pro-44 vinces, Diocefc, or Jurifdidtion any Benefice, &c. exempt, shall be 44 locally situate, shall have the fame Powers as if such Benefice were 44 not exempt; and where any such Benefice, &c. (ball be situate 44 in more than One Province, &c., or between the Limits of Two, 44 the Archbifhop or Bishop, to whose Cathedral the Parifh Church 44 shall be nearest, shall have the like Powers, Sic. All Peculiars shall 44 be fubjedf to the Archbifhop or Bifhop to whom they belong. § 8. 44 [ Verbatim as § 39. of 43 Geo. 3. c. 84. refptding the Rftdence of the 44 Clergy in England.*’

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enadied, That nothing in this Adi contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter or, affedi His Majefty’s Royal Prerogative in granting of Difpenfations for Non-refidencc upon Benefices, as the fame now exists by Law.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enadied, That no Parfon-age that hath a Vicar endowed or perpetual Curate, and having no Cure of Souls shall be taken to be or be comprehended under the name of Benefice, within the true Intent and Meaning or for the Purpofes of this Adi.

XI.	And be it further enadied,'That nothing in this Adi contained shall extend or be construed to extend to exempt any Perfon or Perform from any Canonical or Ecclefiaflical Censures, or afiedl any Proceedings that shall hereafter be inttituted in any Ecclefiaitical Court, in order to cause the fame to be inflidied in relation to the Non-refi-dence of any Spiritual Perfon having or holding any Benefice, Dp-native, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry, not having any lawful Caufe of Abfence therefrom: Provided always, that from and after the palling of this Adi no furh Cenfurcs by reason of any Noi>-residence, not exceeding Three Months in any One Year, fhali be put

m

305

Incumbents not

liable to Penalties for Non-refidence during Occupation by Tenants.

Aft shall extend to all Dignities, Prebends, Benefices, &c.

Saving for the

King’s

Prerogative in granting Difpenfation*. Sinecure Livings exempted from this A ft.

Aft (halt not

exempt from JEcckfiaftical Cenfurcs for Non-residence: but no such Cenfure (ball be enforced tor !«•£» than Three Months*

Non residence;

20 6

C. 66;

A.D. 1808.

bot exrepc at the Salt of the OtriiiMry.

Exception for Muften of Hofpitals, and certain ocher Erriefaftical Pex&iis.

Exemptions fpceified only allowed.

Arrhhjfhops and

Bifbops

exempted.

Chaplains of Peers,

and of

Archhifhops and Bifhcps.

On or before 25 March 1809, and so annually, a Return rtiall he mane to tiie King in Giuncil of eveiy Benefice,

48° GEO. IIL

in force ; nor shall any Proceedings be admitted in any Ecclefiaftical Court against any such Spiritual Perfon for such Non-refidence not exceeding Three Months in any One Year, at the Suit or In (lance of any Perfon or Perfons other than the Archbishop, Bishop, or Archdeacon only of the Diocefe and Archdeaconry, within which such Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy or parochial Chapelry, in ref-ped whereof such Non-refidence shall have taken place, shall be locally situated; any Thing in any Law or Laws, or Ecclefiaftical Canon or Canons to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Ad contained shall extend or be construed to extend to or hi any Manner to affect any Mailer or Preacher of Hofpitals or Incorporated Charitable Foundations, during the Period for which he may be required to reside by any Charter or Statute of any such Hofpital or Incorporated Charitable Foundation, or bv any other lawful Authority, in the fame, and shall actually reside and perform the duties therein j or the Chancellor or Vicar General, or Surrogate or Official in any Ecclefiaftical Court of any Diocefe, whilst they are residing in the Places where theit respective Offices are exercised ; or any Chaplain or Chaplains of the Lord Lieutenant or any other Chief Governor of that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland» Provided, that every such Chaplain shall have a Certificate from the Lord Lieutenant or his Chief Secretary that he is resident in Dublin, or near the Perfon of the Lord Lieutenant, and is occupied by the Duty of his Office as such Chaplain ; or the Provoft or Fellows of Trinity College Dublin, or any Profeffor or pubfick Officer in the Univerfity of Dublin, during the Period for which he may be required by reason thereof to perform the Duties of any such Ofpce, and actually shall perform the Duties of the fame ; or to any Schoolmafter of any School founded and endowed by His Majesty or any of His Royal PredecefTors, or to any Diocefan Schoolmaster, during such Time as such Schoolmafter shall actually reside at such School and perform the Duties of a Schoolmafter therein.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Ad or in any former Ad shall extend or be construed to extend to exempt from Refidence any Perfon on account of any Office or Employment whatever except as herein-before excepted*

XIV.	And for the Purpofe of removing all Doubts, be it further enacted. That no Archbifhop or Bifhop having or who shall have any Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative or perpetual Cure, shall, by reason of Non-refidence upon the fame, be subject or liable to any Penalties or Forfeitures.

XV.	Provided always, That nothing in this Ad contained shall be construed to affect any Privileges of the Peers of Ireland refped~ ing Chaplains.

XVI.	Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to affect any Privileges of the Archbifhops or Bifhops of Ire-land respecting Chaplains.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, and at the like Period in every succeeding Year, a Return or Returns shall be made to His Majesty in-Couneil, by every Archbiftiop and Bifhop of the Names of every Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy, aud parochial Chapelry, in their respective Diocefes,

or

48° GEO. III.	C.	66,67.

or fubje^ to their respective Jurifdiftions, fey virtue of this Aft, and the Names of the several Perfons possessing the fame, who shall not have redded thereon by reason of any Exemption under or by virtue oF this Aft, or any other Aft, or by reason of any Per-milfion or Licence granted by the Lord Primate of all Ireland* or by any ArchbUhop or Bifhop respectively, for any and what Cause, and also of all the Perfons pollening the fame, not having any such Exemption, Permission, or Licence, who shall not have redded on such Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy, or parochial Chapelry, so far as such Archbiihop or Bilhop is in* formed thereof.

XVIII.	Proyided also, That no Forfeiture or Penalty shall be incurred under or by virtue of this Aft, for any Aft of Non-refidence committed prior to the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and eight.

CAP. LXVII.

An A£fc for granting an additional Duty on Copper imported into Great Britain, until the Fifth Day of April One thou* sand eight hundred and eleven, and from thence to the End of th? then next Seflion of Parliament.

[18th June 1808.]

*	TT^ HE RE AS it is expedient that the Duty on certain Sorts

*	V\ of Copper imported into Great Britain 'hould be increafed

*	for a limited Time; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may

*	be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s mod Excellent Majefty* by and with the Adtice and Confent of the Lord? Spiritual and temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, there shall be raised, levied, collested, and paid unto His Majedy, His Heirs and Succef-fors, an additional Duty of Cuftoms of Twenty-five Shillings for every Hundred Weight, containing One hundred and twelve Pounds, of Copper of the following Defcriptions imported into Great Bri~ tain, videlicet. Copper in Bricks or Pigs, Rofe Copper, Caft Copper, Copper in Plates, Cupper Coin, and Copper in Bars, Rods or Ingots hammered or raised; and that on the due Exportation of any such Copper on which the Duties by this Aft imposed shall have been paid, there shall be paid and allowed a Drawback of the Whole of the said Duties; which additional Duty and Drawback shall be managed, raised, levied, collcftcd, paid, recovered, allowed, appro-priated, and applied in such and the like Manner, and by the fame Ways, Means, or Methods in every Refpeft as the Duties and Drawfeacks of Cuftoms imposed and allowed by an Aft palled in the Forty-third Year of His present Majelty's Reign, intituled, An A3 to repeal the Duties of Cuftoms payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof* are managed, raised, levied, collested, paid, recovered, allowed, appropriated, and applied.

M Duty not payable for Copper imported into Great Britain, in a Ships Hcenfed before 23d April, or imported into Free Port9in the 4t IVeJl Indies before ift Augujl 18-8. § 2. Continuance of Aft, 5th u April l&ji, &c. § 3.”

ap7

kc.t and the Incumbents nos having refidod thereon.

Commencement of Penalties 1 Aug. ISOS*

From July 1808. there ihaU be paid ail additional Duty of 25$. for every Cwrt. of Copper imported into Great Britain.

Drawback oa Exportation.

43 G. 3. c. 68.

CAP.

C* 68)

48° geo. nr.

A.D. 1808.

From Atx^. lft, 1807» Bounty payable on Pilchards exported to the West Indies, &c. exteuded to Pilchards

exported to any Foreign Parts. [&e3l£.3.r.45. last continued by 43 £.3. c.102.]

CAP. LXVni.

An, Ad for extending the Bounty now payable on Pilchards exported to the Wejl Indies or Mediterranean to Pilchards exported to any Parts beyond the Seas. [18th June 1808.]

*	\T7HEREAS a Bounty is now allowed by Law for every Caflc

*	VV of Pilchards containing Fifty Gallons duly exported from

*	Great Britain to Foreign Ports: And whereas the lame Proportion

*	of Bounty is now payable on Pilchards exported directly to any of

*	the British Wejl India Idands, or to /my Port or Place in the Me-

*	diterranean, in Calks of Thirty-two Gallons and upwards : And

*	whereas it is expedient to extend such Bounty to Pilchards which 4 shall have been, since the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight

*	hundred and seven, or shall in future be exported in Calks of Thirty-4 two Gallons to any Foreign Portsbe it therefore enacted by the King’s mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That for every Calk of Pilchards or Scads, containing Thirty-two Gallons or upwards, which shall have been exported from Great Britain since the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and seven, or which shall be duly exported from any Port or Place in Great Britain, to any Foreign Parts, there shall be allowed the fame Bounty or Bounties as now is or are, or at the Time of the Exportation of such Pilchards or Scads shall be payable on Pilchards or Scads duly shipped and exported to any of tne British Wejl India Idands, or to any Port or Place in the Mediterranean, m Calks of Thirty-two Gallons or upwards; and the said Bounty or Bounties hereby granted shall he allowed in like Manner and for the fame Period, and under and subject to the fame Rules, Regulations, Reftri&ions, and Provisions, as are preferibed in any A& or A&s of Parliament now in force with refpeA to the Bounties payable on the Exportation of Pilchards or Scads, to any of the British West India Idands, or to any Port or Place in the Mediterranean, in Calks of Thirty-two Gallons or upwards; and the said A6t Or A&s shall be in force for the allowing the Bounties granted by this A& as fully and effectually as the fame are in force with refpett to the Bounties now payable on the Exportation of Pilchards or Scads to any of the British Wejl India Idands, or to any Port or Place in the Mediter* ranean in Manner aforesaid.

CAP. LXIX.

An A£l to permit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, Sugar and Coffee to be exported from His Majefly’s Colonics or Plantations to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finiflerre; and Corn. to be imported from such Port and from the Coaft of Africa into the said Colonies and Plantations. [18th June 1808.]

4 TT^ HERE AS it is expedient that Sugar and Coffee of the

*	W Growth and Produce of any of His Majefty’s Colonies or 4 Plantations in America should be allowed, for a limited Time, to he

*	exported from such Colonics or Plantations direft to any Port in

4 Europe



48° GEO. lit

C.69>

*	Europe t» the Southward of Cape Ftnifierre, and"th*t Conrani

*	Grain should be allowed to be imported into the (hid Colon** thd 4 Plantations from any such Ports in Europe to the Southward of Capt 4 Ftnifierre and from certain Ports on the Coaft of Africa; May H

4 therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enaded/ qnd be it Sogar and Cofftt enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad* may be exported trice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com* from the Urkifli mom, In this present Parliament assembled, and by the AothorNy Pkotatiwwdbtd of the fame, That from and after the passing of this Ad it shall W	m	%

lawful for any of His Majefty's Subjeds td ship in any of His Ma- southward of \ jefty's Sugar Colonies or Plantations m America any Sugar or Coffee, Cape fuitflene, Being of the Growth and Produce of any such Colony or Plantation und G>m may £1 respectively, and to export the fame dined to any Port in Europe to MBPo^ the Southward of Cape Ftni/lerre9 and to import into the said Colonies [he'Sritifli* *** or Plantations any Sort of Com or Grain direct from any luch Portl pUntations* m Europe or from any Port or Place on the Coaft of Africa to the Northward of the Thirtieth Decree of North Latitude, in such Ship* or Veffels, and under such Licences, Entries, Securities, Re*

(frictions. Regulations, Limitations, Penalties, and Forfeitures as are	r

herein-after particularly described, appointed, limited, and enacted for that Purpofe.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Sugar or Coffee shall be No Sugar or shipped or laden in any of the said Colonies or Plantations for the Pur-	**.

pole of being carried to a Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape	**

Fintfterre except in Britj/b-built Ships, owned, navigated, and re- ships, tictniad giftered according to Law, nor unless a Licence shall have been firlt bytbe Bowl*of taken out for that Purpofe under the Hands of the Comrniffioners of Cuftom* in \he His Majefty's Cuftoms in England, Scotland, or Ireland^ or any UnitedKingi:o«a| Three or more of them respectively, subject to the Regulations and SwurityrWen to on the Conditions hereafter mentioned (that is to fay) ; that Notice Sou4m$&*. be first given in Writing by the Mafter, or by One or more Owner or Owners of such Ship >or Veffel to the Colledor and Comptroller of the Port in the United Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland'f where-fuch Ship or Veffel shall happen to be, of the Intention of such Mafter or Owner or Owners, that such Ship or Veffel (ball proceed to the said Sugar Colonies or Plantations, or some of them, m order to lade Sugar or Coffee to be carried to some Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape F$niflerref and to export from thence, or from any Port or Place on the Coaft of Africa to the Northward of th«

Thirtieth Degree of North Latitude, any Sort of Coni or Grain, and to carry the lame direct to any of the said Colonies or Plantations from which such Ship or VelTc! shall have failed; and that such Mafter or Owner or Owners shall thereupon enter into Bond to the Ufe of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, with One or more sufficient Sureties, in the Sum of One thousand Pounds if the Ship be of left Burthen than One hundred Tons, and in the Sum of Two thousand Pounds if (he shall be of that or greater Burthen, with Condition, that in cafe a Licence (hali be granted givjng Liberty to fucb Ship or Veffel to lade and carry Sugar or Coffee from His Majefty's Sugar Colonies or Plantations to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finifierre, and to export from thence, or from any Port or Place on the Coaft of Africa to the Northward of the Thirtieth Degree of North Latitude, any Sort of Com or Grain direct to the Coloniel Or Plantations as aforefwd* that foch Ship or Veffel shall 48 Geo. III.	P	r	f^a

A.D.1808.

C-^>

48° GEO. lit

SoetrsiidCoflfee so Jbipped, aoi Kctqg the Ttapertr of IMtUh Stlhje^, Jbrfeitcd.

Before Sqgw and Coffee are {hipped, Mailer shall make Derfaration and tender his Ticeoee to the Officer there; and ffiall make Entry thereof and lade the fame

from Great Britain or Ireland respectively to the said Colonies or Plantations, and shall deliver the said Licence to the Collector and Comptroller of the Port on his Arrival, in cafe he shall intend to snake Ufe of the Liberty granted by such Licence, which he shall declare in Writing to the Collector and Comptroller before he takes any Goods on board, aud that in such Cafe no other Goods whatever, except Sugar and Coffee, shall be taken on board any such Ship or Vtflel, nnlefs it be tor the neceflkry Ufe of such Ship and Veffel during her Voyage.

ill. Aud oe it further enacted, That in cafe any Ship or Veffel licensed by virtue of this Ad shall take on board in any of the said Sugar Colonies or Plantations, or in her Voyage from thence, any Sugar or Coffee, being the Property of any other Perfan than some of If is Majefty’s Subjects, and such as shall be shipped and laden on their proper Kiik and Account, to be carried to some Port of Bftrope to the Southward of Cape Fini/ierre as aforesaid, all such Sugar or Coffee so laden on board such Ship or Veffel shall be for* feited and loft.

• IV. And be it further enacted, That before any Sugar or Coffee shall be laden 6r put on board any Ship or Veffel in the said Colonies or Plantations, or any of them, by virtue of a Licence to be granted under the Authority of this A d, to be carried to any Port of Europe to the Southward of Cape Finjfierre, the Mafter or other Perfon having or taking the Charge of such Ship or Veffel, shall deliver to the Colledor and Comptroller of the Port where such Ship is to take in her Lacting, the said Licence, (igned by the said Commiflioners of

______________ the	Cuftoms,	or	any	Three	or more of them respectively, and a Cer-

tinder Ditv&ions tificate of such Bond having been given in Great Britain or Ireland^ herein fpeofied. as the Cafe may be aa aforesaid, and shall declare in Writing to the Colledor and Comptroller whether he intends to load any Sugar or Coffee pursuant to such Licence, which shall be done before any Goods are laden on board such Ship or Veffel, otherwise such Licence shall be invalid and of no Force or Effed; but if it shall be declared as aforesaid. That Sugar or Coffee are intended to be laden and carried to foreign Parts, pursuant to such Licence, then in order to ascertain the Quantity, Quality, Sort, or Denomination of the Sugar or Coffee to be exported in every such Ship from the said Colonies or any of them, pursuant to such. Licence, and the Liberty jnnted by this Ad, and to prevent the Exportation from the said Colonies or Plantations of ary Goods before enumerated, the Merchant or other Perfon intending to export any Sugar or Coffee in such Ship or Veffel, shall, before the lame or any Part thereof are /hipped Qr put on board, make an Entry or Entries of such Sugar or Coffee in Writing with the Colledor and Comptroller of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, expressing the Name of the Ship and the Mafter on which filch Sugar or Coffee are to be laden, and where (he lies, and also the Places, Quays, or Wharfs where they are to be laden or 4rft Water borne in order to be laden, which shall be within such Ports'only where Cuftom Houfes are established, and where an Officer or Officers are or shall be appointed to attend the lading ‘«nd (hipping thereof, or at such Places as shall be mentioned in a Sufferance or Warrant to be taken out from the Colledor aud Comptroller for that Purpose, aud shall thereon take out from the said Col-Jedor and Comptroller a Cocqu^t or Warrant accordingly, whereon

(hall

A»D«180A

48° Geo. iil	c.69.	an

frail be indorsed by the Exporter the Marks, Numbers and Contents, Sorts, or proper Denomination of such Sugar or Coffee, and frail deliver the Cocquct or Warrant so indorsed to the Searcher or other Officer appointed for the examining and (hipping thereof, and frail ship or lade such Sugar or Coffee in the Prefence < t such Officer or Officers, or at such Places as shall be mentioned in the said Sufferance or Warrant, that the proper Officer or Officers may attend the Shipping thereof, and such Officer or Officers are hereby empowered to examine the fame before they are put on board, and if upon examining the said Sugar or Coffee whicrt shall be shipped or brought to be shipped by virtue of such Cocquet or Warrant, either before or after the (hipping thereof, the Number of Cades or Packages shall be greater than is indorsed thereon, or if there shall be found any other Sugar or Coffee but such as shall be so indorsed on such Cocquet or Warrant taken out and delivered as aforesaid, or any other Goods than Sugar and Coffee, shall be difeovered to have been laden or put on board any Ship or Veffel having Liberty to trade to Parts to the Southward of Cape Fintjlerre by virtue of this Alt, or shall be brought to be shipped on board such Ship or Veffel, or shall be put into any Hoy, Ligliter, Boat, or other Veffel, in order to be put on board such Ship or Veffel before such Entiy or taking out such Cocquet or Warrant, indorfing and delivering of the fame, and not being shipped in the Manner aforesaid, but shall be put on board, or attempted to be put on board contrary to the Directions of this Ad, all such Sugar, Cofiee, and other Goods so shipped or brought to be shipped in any of the Cafes aforesaid shall be forfeited and loft, as alio the Hoy, Ligliter, Boat, or other Veffel or Carriage whatever, employed in (hipping or attempting to ship any Goods other than Sugar or Coffee, together with the Ship or Veffel on which such other Goods shall be laden, and the Owner of such Sugar or Coffee, or other Goods, shall also forfeit double the Value thereof, to be recovered in the Court of Vice-Admiral tv held in any of His Majefty's Plantations in America, or in any other Court of Record in any of His Maiefty's Plantations in .America, at the Ele&ion of the Informer or Profecutor, One-third Part to be to the Ufe of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, One-third Part to . the Governor of the said Colony, and the other One-third Part td the Informer or Profecutor; and before such Ship or Veffel shall depart from the said Colonies with the Sugar or Coffee laden as afore-laid, the Mafter or other Perfon having or taking Charge thereof shall receive the said Licence from the Collector and Comptroller with a Certificate indorsed thereon or affixed thereto under their Seals of Office, who are to make Two Copies of such Licence, In-dorfements, or Certificates, for all which Entries, Cocquets, Indorfe-ments, and Certificates, or Copies, no more shall be taken by the '

(aid Officers than the legal and accustomed Fees, and the Mafter or other Perfon having or taking Charge of such ship shall, before he	»

receives the said Licence, attest the said Copies under his Hand, which are to be left with the Colie 6lor and Comptroller, who are hereby required, as soon as conveniently they can, to transmit One of the said Copies of the Indorfements or Certificates to the Com* sniffioners of the Cuftoms in England, Scotland, or Ireland respectively by whom the Licence was granted $ but in cafe any Goods besides No Goods moept Sugar or Coffee shall be found on board or carried by any such Ship Sugar and Coffee °	pa	/	J	or	{hall	bo	laden

board.

A.D. i8o8

ara.

Bond shall be difcliargpd, on Return of Vdfid, by producing tfte Licence and Cmificate of the landing of the Sugar and Coffee, tr.

Vcff ls with such Certificate may iliip Crain for the Britifli Colonies dire£b

15 Car. s. c.7.

Recovery and Application of .Penalties.

C.69.	48°	GEO.	in.

or Veflel to any foreign Parts other than such as are limited by this Adi, then the Liberty granted by such Licence shall cease and become void and of none Effedl, and such Ship or Veflel, and also the Mailer or other Perfon having or taking the Charge of such Ship or Veflel, and all others concerned, shall be subject and liable to au and every the fame Penalties and Forfeitures as they would have been subject and liable to in cafe this Adi had not been made.

V.	And be it further enacted, That upon the Return to the United Kingdom of Grtat Britain or Ireland of any Ship or Veflel which shall, pursuant to the Liberty given by this Adi, carry Sugar or Coffee from His Majeily’s Sugar Colonies or Plantations to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cafe Finifierre, the Mailer or other Perfon taking Charge of such Ship or Veflel shall bring back and deliver to the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms in England, Scotland, or Ireland respectively, or to the Colled^or and Comptroller of the Port in the United Kingdom where such Ship or Veflel shall first arrive, the said Licence, together with a Certificate, flgned and sealed by the Conful, or Two known British Merchants of good Credit at the Port or Place where such Sugar or Coffee was landed, certifying the landing thereof, with the Number of Ca/ks or other Packages of Sugar or Coffee so landed, and the Mark, Number, and Contents of each Caik or Package, with the Name of the Ship and Mailer, and that he or they verily believe that no other Goods than Sugar or Coffee have been there landed out of such Ship or Veflel, and upon such Licence being letumed with the Oath or Affirmation of die Mailer and an Account of the Lading indorsed thereon or annexed thereto as aforesaid, and also upon mch Certificate of the Conful or Two known British Merchants of good Credit being produced, and Oath or Affirmation made as aforesaid, and the ieveral other Matters and Things required by this AH being duly complied with, the Bond given before granting such Licence mall be discharged and delivered up, any Thing in the said Bond or in this Adi contained to the contrary thereof m anywise notwithstanding, otherwise such Bond iliall be forfeited, and shall and may be prole* cuted in the Manner directed by this Adi.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That upon the Mailer x>r Owner or Owners of such Ship or Veflel conforming in every Refpedt to the Terms and Conditions of the said Licence and Bond, and obtaining a Certificate from the Conful or Two known British Merchants as aforesaid, at the Poit where the Sugar or Coffee may have been landed, it shall and may be lawful for such Ship or Veflel to ship or load in the Port of her Delivery, or at any Port or Place on the Coall of Africa to the Northward of the Latitude of Thirty Degrees North, any Sort of Corn or Grain, the Produce of Europe or yffrica, for Exportation direct to the said Colonies or Plantation, and there land the fame, any Thing contained iu an Adi made in England in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, yin Ad jor the Encouragement cfTradet or any other A6t or Adis in force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary thereof not-withflauding.

VII.	And be it further enacted. That all Penalties and Forfeit tires incurred by this A£l (except where it is hereby otherwise provided). shall and may be prosecuted iu any of Iiis Majeily’s Courts

of

A*D« 18o8*

48° GEO. III.	C.	(59,7a.	ftfj

of Record at WtJ/minJler or DubUn or 'the Court of Exchequer io Scotland* One Moiety whereof to be for the Ufe of His Majesty,

His Heirs and SucccfTors, and the other Moiety to him or them who will sue for, prosecute, and recover the lame, wherein no Eilbign, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than One Imparlance.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons G«n?im! Iff** shall be sued or prosecuted for any Thing done or to be done in pur-

fuance of this Adt, such Perfon or Perions may plead the General Iftue, and give this A6t and the special Matter in Evidence, and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Profecutor or Profecutors shall become nonsuit or forbear the Profecution or difeontinue his, her, or their ACtion, or if a Verdi & shall pass again!! him, her, or them, ihe Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Cods, and shall have the Treble Cuds, like Remedy for the fame as in Cafes where Cods are by Law given to Defendants.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon or Perfons shall Penalty on grant any false Certificate, or counterfeit, crate, or alter any Licence,

Oath, or Certificate which shall be made or given pursuant to this A6fc, or shall knowingly or wittingly publifti or make use thereof, c*

£uch Perfon or Perfons shall forfeit Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered and disposed of in the Manner directed by this A£fc, and fuck Licence, Oath, or Certificate so falsified, counterfeited, ended, or altered, shall be invalid and of no Effed.

Continuance of Ad, 25th March 1810. § 10.”

CAP. LXX.

An A£l to provide that Briti/b Ships which ihall be captured by the Enemy, and shall afterwards become the Property of Briti/b Subje&s, shall not be entitled to the Privilege of Briti/b Ships.	[18th	June 1808.^

*	TXT HE REAS the allowing 2?r//f/&-built Ships or Veffels which 4 VV have been made Prize by the Enemy, and afterwards by Pur*

*	chafe become the Property of Briti/b Subje&s, to be regiftered

*	again as Briti/b Ships, renders such Captures more advantageous to 4 the Enemybe it enacted by the King’s mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the fame, That from and -after the First Day of Pmm OS.

0Sober One thousand eight hundred and eight, no £ri/^fr-built Ship it<>8» noJkiitA or Vcffel which has been captured by the Enemy, and which shall not hulk Veto have been registered de novo before the First Day of OSobtr One thousand eight hundred and eight, nor any Rr/<f^~built Ship or sftemnk be Veffel which shall hereafter be captured by the Enemy, shall be regiftercH as % registered as a Briti/b-built Ship, or shall enjoy any of the Privileges Uritilh Veto, and Advantages belonging to a Briti/b-built Ship; but every such Ship or Veffel, although owned by a Briti/b Subject or Subjects,

(hall be deemed and taken, to all Intents ana Purposes,' as a Foreign built Ship or Veffel; any Law, Cuftom, or XJsago, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.



CAP,



.C. 71,

48* GEO. HI..

AJ).i8ot.

48 G. 3. c. 26: §	6,	7.

*1.3. c.28. $ 4*	6»

Goods imported under the Circum (lances specified in the recited Adis may be dxpcrttd free 'from Duty, if declared for Exportation only.

CAP. LXXI.

An Aft to amend so much of Two Afts of this Seflion of Parliament* for carrying into Execution certain Orders in Couneil, as relates to tne Duties on Goods exported from the Warehoufes in which they have been secured on Importation, and on certain Prize Goods imported into Great Britain ex Ireland.	[18th	June	1808.3

WHEREAS by an Aft passed in the present Seflion of Parliament, intituled An Ad for granting to Hu MajeJlj, until * the End of the next Sejfion of Parliament, Duties of Cufioms on the 4 Goods, frarest and Merchandise therein enumerated, in furtherance * of the Provifions of certain Orders in Couneil; and by another Aft 4 pafTed in tne present Seflion of Parliament, intituled. An Ad for 4 granting to His Majessy, until the End of the next Seflion of Parlia* * m:nt9 certain Duties on the Exportation from Ireland of Goods» 4 IVares, and Merchandise therein enumerated, it was enacted and 4 provided, that nothing therein contained should extend to charge,

4 with any of the Duties granted by those Afts respectively, any * Goods, Wares, or Merchandize (except Cotton Wool or Yam 4 and Jefuits Bark) imported into Great Britain or Irelandunder * certain Circumftanccs and in certain Cafes therein specified, pro-'* vided the fame should, upon their Importation, have been or should 4 be warchoufed for Exportation only: And whereas under certain 4 Afts now in force, regulating the warehoufmg of Good?, Wares,

4 and Merchandize, no Proviflon is made, authorizing the Importer 4 of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize to declare*, upon the Im-4 portation of the fame, whether they are intended for Home Con-4 lumption dr Exportation ; by reason whereof many Goods, Wares,

4 and Merchandize may and will be liable to the Payment of the Du-4 ties by the said recited Afts imposed, contrary to the true Intent 4 and Meaning of the fame •/ be it therefore enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of .the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament jisembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from •and after, the palling of this Aft any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize (except Cotton Wool or Yam or Jefuits Bark) which shall have been or shall be imported under the Circumftances and in the Cafes in the said recited Aft specified as aforesaid, into Great Britain or Ireland\ and secured in Warehoufes by virtue of any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the palling of this Aft, shall and may be exported from Great Britain or Ireland without Payment of the Duties imposed on such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, by the said recited Afts pafTed in the present Seflion of Parliament, not-withftanding it may not have been declared at the Time of the Ad-miffion of such Goods into the Warehoufes in which they were lodged and secured, that they were so warehoused for the Purpofc of Exportation .only: Provided always, that no such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be exempt and discharged from any of the Duties by the laid recited Aft imposed, unless the Importer, Confignee, or Owner of the fame, shall on or before the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, or within one Month from and after the Importation of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, under the Circumftances and in the Cafes aforesaid, after the palling of this ‘	Aa,

A.D. i8o8

*'S

48° GEO. III.	C.71,7a.

Aft) either hare cleared or frail clear the fame for Exportation, or have declared or shall declare the fame for Exportation only; which Declaration the proper Officer of the Culloms is hereby authorized and directed to enter or cause to be entered, at the Rcqueft of such Importer, Confignee, or Owner.

II.	And be it further enacted. That nothing in the said recited A& contained shall extend or be con (trued to extend to charge with any of the Duties granted by the said Alls, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, fexcept Cotton Wool or Yam or Jefuiti Bark) which shall have oeen condemned as Prize in any Vice-Admiralty Court in His Majefty’s Dominions, and which have been or (ball be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, accompanied with the regular Certificates of Condemnation; which Goods, Wares, or Men* chandize /hall have been captured in any VefTel which shall have cleared out from the Port or Place from which such Veil'd failed upon her Voyage whereon the fame was captured previous to the Time fpecitied in the above recited Ads, as the Period at which Notice shall he presumed to have been received at such Ports or Places refpeciiyely of certain Orders in Council mentioned in the laid recited Ads.

III.	And be it further enacted, That nothing in the (aid recited Ad contained shall exteud or be construed to extend, to charge with any of the Duties granted by the said Ad any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which could previous to the palling of the fiud Ad have been legally exported to the Isle of Man.

44 Where Duties have been paid or secured in Cafes exempted bp 44 this Ad, the Duty shall be returned and the Securities cancelled “ by Commissioners of Cufloms. § 4. The period for Importation “ of Goods from the Wtjl Indies, under 48 G* 3. c. 26- § 6. extended 44 to lft August 1808. $5."

CAP. LXXII.

An Ad for the Increafe and Preferyation of Timber In Dean and Nnv Farejls.	[18th June 1808/]

4 W7 HERE AS an Ad was passed in the Twentieth Year of 4 VV the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An AB 4 for the Increafe and Prefervation of Timber within the Foreft o/'Dean:

* And. whereas a certain other Ad was palled in the Parliament 4 holden in the Ninth and Tenth Years of King William the Third,

4 iutituled, An AB for the Increafe and Prefervation of Timber h 4 the New Foreft, in the County of Southampton; by which (aid 4 Ads Part of the Waite Lands in the said Foreits of Dean and 4 New Foreft respectively were directed to be indofed and kept in 4 Severalty for the Growth and Prefervation of Timber, and which 4 said Ads have not been duly put in Execution: And whereas 4 from the great and increasing Difficulty of procuring a Supply 4 of Timber from Foreign Countries, and from the Eftates of c private Individuals in the United Kingdom, for the Ufe of the Navy, 4 it has become necessary to adopt Meafures for insuring a jnore ade~ 4 quate Supply of Timber in this Kingdom, and for this Pprpofe tp 4 make more enedual Provifion for carrying the said recited Ads into 4 full and complete Execution: And whereas certain Indofures have 4 been made under the said recited Ads in the said Foreft* refpec-

P4	4 tiydy 1

Exemption foe Ppse Goods in certain Cries.

[Sm 48 G. a.

C. 96. $ 8

«-.M. »7-J

Eumptioa Tor Goods exported fealty to the life of Man.

fS&v 4SG.3. c. 96. f 99.]

RscitsUf Adb, tQ Gsr. 9. e. 3. *&10W.9.r.*6'

A.D.i8o8



tnclofare* of 11 >000 Acre* in Dean Fared and 6000 in New Forrft in the whole {hall be horn Time to Time made under Comrmffiont,and the Particular* thereof returned into the Exchequer.

Grant* of Inclosure, Tree*, &c. voie.

C»^J*	4B0	geo* hi*

*	tively; but Doubts may arise whether in making fame of the (aid

*	Inclofure* all the Forms of Procedure required by the (aid recited

*	Ads hare been strictly complied withBe it therefore enacted, 5cc. 44 Inclofure of 676 Acres in Dean For eft declared legal. § 1* Cer* “ tain Inclofures in New For ft declared legal. § 2.’*

III. * And, in order to complete the Quantity of Eleven thousand 4 Acres in Dean Forefty and Six thousand Acres in New Forftf to 4 be inclosed and kept in Severalty for the Growth and Preferva-4 tion of Timber, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the 4 said recited Ads ;9 be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majessy, His Heirs and SuccelTors, from Time to Time to inclose, fever, and improve within and out of the Wafte Lands of the (aid Foreft of Dean and New Foreft refpediyely, in Whole or in Part, such Quantity of Lands in the Wnole as shall, together with the Quantity already in Inclosure, or which shall be inclosed as aforesaid in the laid Forefts respectively, make up the said Quantities of Eleven thousand Acres in the Foreft of Deeu1, and Six thousand Acres in the New For efty and so that there shall not be more than Eleven thousand Acres in the Foreft of Deany and Six thousand Acres in the New For efty inclosed and held in Severalty as aforeiaid at one and the fame Time; and such Inclofures shall be made under and by virtue of Commiflions to be granted and ilTued by His Ma-jefty for that Purpose, and each of such Commiflions shall be dire fled to Six or more such Perfons as His Majesty shall think fit, whereof Two in each Commiilion shall be Justices of the Peace for the County within which the Foreft in which the Inclofure shall be made shall be situate, and shall not be Officers of such Foreft; and such Inclofure shall be fet out and made from and out of such Parts or Places m the said Forefts respectively as shall be (bund or afcer-tained by the said Commiffioriers, or any Three or more of them, to be most convenient to be inclosed, and to be best adapted for the Growth and Produce of Timber, and may be best spared from the ■Commons and Highways of the respective Counties; which said Inclofures shall be admeafured by a sworn Surveyor, and fet out and inclosed, butted, and bounded, and the Quantities, Butts, and Boundaries thereof returned into His Majefty's Court of Exchequer, there to remain of Record for ever; and the said Inclofures so made and fet out as aforeiaid, shall remain in Severalty in the actual Pof-feffion of the Crown, freed and discharged of and from all Rights of Common, and of and from all Manner of Rights, Titles, or Pretences, or Privileges, or Claims whatsoever, miring the Period of the fame remaining so inclosed for the Growth and Prefervation of Timber, and until the fame or any Part thereof shall be' laid open tinder the Provifions of the said recited Afts and this Aft, according to the Purport and true Intent of the (aid recited Afts and this Aft, and (haU be made and reputed a Nurfery or Nurferies for Wood and Timber only.

44 Whenever the Woods in fu^Jh Inclofures are pad Danger from 44 browsing of Deer, 5cc. they may be laid open, and other Quanti*

44 ties inclosed. § 4. Decayed Trees allowed for making and main*

44 taining Inclofures. § 5.”

VI. 4 And, to the end the said Inclofures may be preferred in die

*	Crown for publkk Ufc as aforeiaid,’ be it enacted, That in cade any

Perfoa,

A.D. 180$.

48° GEO. I1L	C 72,73.	*17

Perfon whatever shall presume to take or obtain any Gift, Grant,

Eft ate, or Intereft of or in the said Inclosures, or any Wood or Tree* growing thereon, every fach Gift, Grant, Estate, or Intereft ihall ipso faSo be null and void, and the Pcrfon so .taking the fame shall be utterly disabled and incapable to have, hold, or enjoy any such Gift, Grant, Estate, or Interect, and also shall forfeit Treble the Value of any such Gift or Grant to him who shall first sue for the fame in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminfler by Ac* tion of Debt, wherein no Effoign or Wager of Law shall be allowed to the Defendant.	«

VII.	And be it further enacted, That every Perfon who shall wil- P<®thy ft* fully destroy or take away, or shall break down any Fence or In- breaking closure, or any Part thereof, made for the Proteftion of any Nur-	.

feries of Wood and Timber as aforefcid, shall for the First Offence ^ aoST* ^ forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and for the Second Offence the Sum 3^ ftigje of Twenty Pounds, and for the Third Offence shall be deemed guilty Felonj. of Felony, and may be transported to any Part beyond the Seas for the Term of Seven Years, or be subject to such other Punilhmcnt by Fine, Imprifonment, or otherwise, as the Court before which fuen Perfon shall be convicted may direft; and such Penalties shall and may be recovered, and on Non-payment thereof, the Perfon who shall forfeit the fame may be committed to Prifon, in the Manner and for the fame Periods as is Specified in an Aft passed in the Sixth 6 G.a. c.4fc Year of the Reign of His prelent Majesty, intituled, An A8 for the better Prefemsation of Timber Tree*, and of Woods and Underwoods* and for the ^further Prefervatlon of Roots, Shrubs, and Plants, in relation to the Penalties of Twenty Pounds and Thirty Pounds respectively, for wilfully cutting or breaking down any Timber under the said Aft,

CAP. LXXIIL

An Aft to improve the Land Revenue of the Crown in England, and also of His Majefty’s Duchy of LancaJler.

[18th June 1808.]

4 YT7HEREAS an Aft passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the 34 G.s. c 7*. 1 VV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the 1 better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the • Sale of Fee Farm and other unimfrovrable Rents 5 and it is expc-4 dient, that further Proviiions should be made for the better Ma-4 nagement of the Land Revenues of the Crown within the ordering1 4 and Survey of the Exchequer, and of the Duchy of LancaJler be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That where any Land or Ground be- His Majesty • longing or hereafter to belong to His Majesty, His Heirs or Sue- "*7 ceflors, within the ordering and Survey aforesaid, shall be deemed by	ror(9^

the Lord High Tretifurer or Commifiioners of the Treasury, or the	[0

Chancellor o? the Duchy of LancaJler for the Time being, (Jt and iH. ufr(| wjfj, 10 proper for Gardens, Yards, Curtilages and other Appurtenances to Hoafa hw r be used and enjoyed with any Hnufe or Houfes or Buildings erected ritllPr < r. un or to be erected upon Ground belonging either to His Majesty, His **

Heirs or Succefiors, or to any other Proprietors, it shall be lawfnl

A»D« i8o9*



si8

Crown Tjtnd not to b* gnntrd tor long* rTime than the T«tn of the lloufe.

No Lrafe of 1 ruwn Lands {hall be granted * lor Life.

C rown I eases for Gardens may be renewed, as the l/afn of Houfes may under 04 (». 3. t. 75. § 5,0.

I.rarcs may be t« newwl at ».y 'J ime, as far as relates to I^ands deemed pfo|>er lor Ciax Jens.

C.73.	4S0 GEO. III.

for His Majesty, His Heirs or Sucqtflbrs, to demise or grant such Land or Ground to any Perfon or Perfons, or to any Bodies Politick or Corporate, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, or the Seal of the Exchequer, or the Seal of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lantaflevi for any Term or Eftate not exceeding Ninety-nine Years to he computed from the Date or making of any such Leafe or Grant respectively; or if any such Leafe or Grant be made to take effect in Reversion or Expe&ancy, then that the Term and Eftate thereby to be granted, together with the Term or Ellate, Terms or Eftatcs in Po.Tclliou of and in the fame Lands and Ground 111 all not exceed Ninetv-nine Years, computed from the Date or making there* of ad aforesaid.

II.	Provided alwaC's, and be it further enabled. That no Land or Ground for Garden, Yard, Curtilage or other Appurtenance to be used and enjoyed with any Iloufes or Buildings holden or to be Holden under any Leafe from His Majesty or His Royal Predecef-fors, shall be granted or demited for any Term or Eftate exceeding in Duration the Term or Eftate for which the Houfes or Buildings to which such Land or Ground shall be so attached as Garden, Yard, Curtilage or other Appurtenance shall be holden.

III.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling of this Alt no Leafe of any Land or Ground belonging or hereafter to belong to His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors, within the ordering and Survey of trie Exchequer in England, shall in future be granted for any Life or Lives; any Thing in any former Aft of Parliament to the contrary notwithuanding ; excepting only such Leafe or Leafes for Lives, as in and by a certain A& parted in the Forty-fourth Year of His Majefty*8 Reign, intituled. An Aft for inclnjing Lands in the Parijh of Great Staiighton in the County of Huntingdon, is and are authorized to be granted.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to renew any Leafes of such Land or Ground demised or granted under the Authority of this Afl, for Garden, Yard, Curtilage and other Appurtenances to be used and enjoyed with any Houfes or Buildings, at such Times and upon such Terms, and under and fubjefl to the fame Rules, Reftri&ions, and Provilior.s, as are preferibed by the said recited A£l of the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty or by this Ad, for the Renewal of Leaies of any Tenements and Hereditaments authorized thereby respectively, to be granted for a Term not exceeding Ninety-nine Years: Provided always, that where any such l^and shall be held and used under this Adt as a Garden, Yard, Curtilage or other Appurtenance to any Houfes or Buildings holden under any Leafe from the Crown, it shall be lawful to renew the Leafe of such Land at the lame Time as the Leafe of such Houles and Buildings are renewed, and for the fame Term and under the like Conditions.

V.	Provided also, anU be it further enacted. That whenever Lands or Grounds, or Part of any Lands or Grounds held under any Leafe or Grant from His Majeity or His Royal PredeceiTors, shall have been or be deemed proper and tit as aforesaid for Gardens, Yards, Curtilages or other Appurtenances as aforesaid, it shall be lawful at any Time during the Continuanq^tf the Demife of any such Lands or Grounds, to renew the Leafe or Grant thereof, or of such Part thereof as aforesaid, under inch Provitions and Conditions as are hereinbefore

A.D.i8o8

48° GEO. in.

C.73-

inbefove prescribed, for the Demife or Grant of any Land or Ground to be uied as a Garden, Yard, Curtilage or other Appurtenance.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enaHed, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor General, with the Approbation of and by the DireHion of the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any Three of them, to contrail and agree with any Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Perfon or Perfons holding any Mefluages, Lands, Piemises, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, for the Surrender of any Leafe thereof, or to purchase and buy up any Lease, or the Re* mainder of any Term of any Leafe of any Meffuages, Lands, Pre-mises, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, which may be convenient for the puHlick Service, and may, by any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, be deemed eligible to be purchased or bought up, and to pay the Confideration agreed to be paid for such Surrender or Purchafe to the Body or Bodies, or Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, out of any Money arising from any Sales heretofore mad£, and which rpay be veiled in the Bank of England in the Three Pounds ter Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities, or which may hereafter ariie from any Sale of any Property belonging to the Crown, under this AH, or the said recited Alls as aforesaid.

4 VII. And whereas by the said recited AH, new Leafes to be 4 granted upon the Surrender of any fublifling Leafe are limited to 4 the said Term of Years as was granted by such surrendered Lease; 4 and it may be doubtful in Cafes wherein a Power is given by the said 4 recited AH, to renew any Leafe or Grant, whether if the fub-4 lifting Leafe be furendered the fame can be renewed for a longer Term 4 than was granted by such surrendered Leafe be it therefore enabled and declared, That in all Cafes in which any Leafe or Grant of any Lands, Houfcs, Tenements, or Hereditaments may be renewed under the said recited AH or this AH, it shall be lawful to make any new Leafe or Grant of such Premifes upon the Surrender thereof, for such Term and upon the fame Conditions as if the fame had been renewed under the Provifions of the said recited AH or this AH, and had not been firll surrendered.

VIII.	And be it further enaHed, That all Charges and Expences of any new Leafe or Grant made upon the Surrender of any fub-fifting Leafe or Grant under the said recited AH of the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, shall be borne and defrayed by the LefTees or Grantees thereof refpeHively.

IX.	And be it further enaHed, That in all Cafes where the Enrolment of any Leafe or Aflignment, or Minute or Dockets thereof before the Auditor of the Land Revenue, or the Auditors of the Duchy of Lancaster, or the Entry of any Leafe or Aflignment, or Minute or Docket of any Leafe or Aflignment, in the Office of the said Surveyor General, or Auditors of the said Duchy, has been or shall be omitted or delayed beyond the: Period limited in any such Lease, it shall be lawful for the Chancellor of the said Duchy of Lane after* or the said Surveyor General, for any reasonable Cauie to them of either of them (hewn for the Omiflion or Delay, and they and each of them are and is hereby^empowered to authorize and permit the making of any such Enrolment or Entry nunc pro tunc ; and the

fame

21^

Surveyor Genera! may with Confent of the Treasury, purchase Leafes of Crown Lands for the Public Service.

Power* of Renewal in renewable Cafe*, where Leafes surrendered.

New Leaf?*, shall l>e paid for by Leffeea.

Cham ellor of Duchy and Surveyor General may authorize nune pro tunc Enrolment*, Entries, or Dockets of Leases, &c.

8

ato

A'D* 1808.

C. 73,	48°	GEO.	HI.

»8Gr 3.4.60.

0C.3.C. 116.

§ 1.31, &c.

{for Redemption if Land-Tax.)

Chancellor and Council of Duchy of Lancaster empowered to fell certain Lauda, under Regulations of fccited Ada.

fame respectively when made under such Authority shall be as valid

and effectual as if made within the Period limited for that Punole.

X.	4 And whereas by an Ad passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of

*	His present Majesty, intituled, An Ad for making perpetual, fubjcd 4 to Redemption and Purchafe in the Manner therein hated, the Jeveral 4 'Sums^of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One 4 Tear, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thomfand /even hun•

*	dred and ninety-eight; ana by another Ack passed in the Forty-fecond

*	Year of His pretent Majesty, intituled, An Ad for confabulating the 4 Proviftons of the several Ads potted for the Redemption and Sale of 4 the Land Tax into One Ad, and for making further Provifiou for the 4 Redemption and Sale thereof, andfor removing Doubts respecting the 4 Right of Perfons claiming to vote at Eledions for Knights of the Shire 4 and other Members to serve in Parliament, in respect of Meffuages,

*	Lands, or Tenements, the Land Tax upon which fball have been 4 redeemed orturchafed; the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of 4 Lancatter for the Time being is empowered to fell and difoofe of, 4 and thereupon to grant and allure in the Name of His Majesty,

*	His Heirs and SucceiTors, under the Seal of the laid Duchy of 4 Lane after, such and so much of the Manors, Meffuages, Lands,

*	Tenements, Tythes, Mines, Minerals, Colheries, Woods, Wood c Grounds, Fens, Marfhes, or Wafte Lands belonging to the Crown,

*	as are within the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy, as would 4 raise a Sum diffident for the Redemption of the Land Tax 4 charged on the Revenues belonging to the Crown, within the Sur-

*	vey and Receipt of the said Duchy : And whereas it may be ex-1 pedient, that Power should be continued in the said Chancellor and

*	Council to fell such Portion of the said Revenues as shall be the 4 least productive in proportion to their Value before or after the said 4 Lana Tax charged upon the Revenues belonging to the (aid Duchy 4 shall have been redeemedbe it therefore ena&ed* That it (hail be lawful for the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy of Lan• easter for the Time being, to fell and dispose of to any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politick, or Corporate, irom Time to Time, and thereupon to' grant and assure in the Name of His Majesty, His Heirs and SucceiTors, under the Seal of the said Duchy, such Manors or Lordfhips belonging to the Crown, as are within the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy, as consist of the Manerial Rights without any Lands, or with very small Quantities of Land belonging

* to them, and where the greater Part of the Lands over which the Manerial Rights extend is the Property of Individuals, and of Manors or Lands of which His Majesty in Right of his Duchy as afoiesaid, is not the foie Proprietor, but is entitled to an undivided Share jointly with Individuals, and intermixed with the Property of Individuals, and lying remote from other Property belonging to the Crown, and of Ground or Buildings appertaining or antiently held with any Castle or strong Building now or lately used for a Comfaon Gaol, or wpth any Building used for holding the Aflizet or Se(fioni in any Coduty or Diftritt, or for the Court House or Gaoler's House, or in which the Magiftrates for any County or Diftrift may claim to have Rights from the Length of Ufe or Enjoyment hr the publick Purpofes of such County or District, and of Tythes belonging to the Crown, within the Survey of the (aid Duchy afore-

48° GEO* Ift	C73.'

said, issuing out of Lands, which are the Property of Individuals, and "of Mills, Fifheries, Ferries, Tolls, and Stalls of Markets and Fairs, and Waftes belonging to the Crown, within the Surrey of the Duchy aforesaid, upon or from which Ufurpations or Incroachments have been made by Individuals, for the heft Prices or ConfiderationS in Money which the said Chancellor and Council shall be able to procure for the fame ; and the Purchafe Money to be paid for the lame shall from Time to Time be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Revenues of the said Duchy, in the like Manner as the Monies arising from the Sale of Lands of the Duchy authorized by the said recited Adis of the Thirty-eighth and Forty-fecond Years of His present Majesty are directed to be paid; and all Sales made under this Adi of the Property herein-before described, shall be made in the fame Manner and Form, and under the like Rules,

Regulations, and Provisions, and shall be to all Intents and Purposes as valid and effectual as if the fame had been made under the said Adts of the Thirty-eighth and Forty-fecond Years of His present Majesty, or either of them.

XI.	4 And whereas by an Adi palled in the Thirty-eighth Year of Land-Tax

*	His present Majesty, intituled, An AB for making perpetual, fubjcB 4 to Redemption and Purchafe in the Manner therein fated, the feveral

*	Sums of money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One 4 Tear, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand ftven kun-

*	dred and ninety-eight; and another Adi palled in the Forty-fecond 4*	,l6'

*	Year of his said present Majesty, intituled, An AS for consolidating *

4 the Provifions of the several ABs pnjftd for the Redemption and Sale of

4 the LanaTax into One Ad, and for making further Provtfion for the 4 Redemption and Sale thereof, and for removing Doubts refpeBing the 4 Right of Perfom claiming to vote at EleBions for Knights of the Shire 4 and other Members to serve in Parliament, in refpeB of Mejfuages,

4 Lands, or Tenements% the Land Tax upon which shall have been re-f 4 deemed or purchased 5 the said Surveyor General of the Land 4 Revenues of the Crown for the Time being was empowered to 4 contract for the Sale, from Time to Time, of such or so much of 4 the Manors, Melfiiages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, Mines, Miner-4 als, Colheries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marlhes, or Wafte 4 Lands belonging to the Crown, within the Survey or Receipt of 4 the Exchequer in England, as would raise a Sum sufficient for the 4 Redemption of the Land lax charged on the Land Revenue belong-4 ing to the Crown : And whereas in purfunnee of the said recited 4 Provision, certain Parts of the Property of the Crown which are s 4 lead productive in proportion to their Value, have been selected for 4 the Purpofe of being fold, and a large Part thereof has actually been 4 fold to great Advantage, and the Augmentation of the Laud Re-*

4 venue of the Crown; but a confiderable Portion of the different 4 Kinds of Property so selected for Sale will still remain undisposed 4 of, after the necessary Fund for the Redemption of fui*h Land Tax 4 shall have been raised; and it is expedient that Power should be con-’

4 tinued to the said Surveyor General to fell the said Portion of Pro-4 perty so remaining undisposed of under the said recited Adis, and 4 to tnake further Sales of Property of the like Defcription be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor General Swty* for the Time being, to contract or a^ree with any Perfon or Perfons,	^

or any Bodies politick or Corporate, for the Sale from Time to Time

of

A

AJ>.i8o&

aaz

Quit Ri*nt» and certain Right* of the Crown under Reflation* of lecttci \Qs.

Application of the Purchafe Money.

Produce of Sales of Duchy and Crown Lands, &c. shall be in veiled in a per Cent. Stock applicable as Stock under Land l*ax Redemption Adis, 38 and

42 G.0.

C. 731	48° GEO. IIL

of such Manors or Lord {hips belonging to the Crown as consist of Manerial Rights and Quit Kents, without any Lands or with very (mall Quantities of Land belonging to them ; and where the greater Part of the Lands over which the Manerial Rights extend is the Pro* perty of Individuals, and of Manors or Lands of which His Majesty is not the foie Proprietor, but is entitled to an undivided Share jointly with Individuals, and of Lands dispersed in small Quantities, ana intermixed with the Property of Individuals, and lying remote from ■ other Property belonging to the Crown, and of Grounds or Buildings appertaining to or anciently held with any Castle or strong Build* ing now or lately used for a Common Gaol, or with any Building used for holding the Aflizes or Seflions in any County or District, or for qyCourt House or Gaoler’s House, or in which the Magiitrates of any County or Diftridl may claim to have Rights from Length of Ufe or Enjoyment for the publick Purpofes of such County or District, and of Tythcs belonging to the Crown issuing out of Lands which are the Property of Individuals, aud of Mills, Fifheries, and Ferries, and Mooriug Chains and Waites belonging to the Crown, the Poffeflion of which has been usurped or encroached upon, for the bed Prices or Coniiderations in Money which the said Surveyor General shall be able to procure for the fame, and the Purchafe Money to be paid for the fame shall from Time to Time be paid into the Bank of England to the Account of the Commiflioners of His Ma-jefty's Treasury, in like Manner as the Monies ariiing from the Sales of Land Revenue authorized by the said recited A61$ of the Thirty-eighth and Forty-fecond Years of His present Majesty are directed to be paid; and all Sales made under this A61 of the Property herein-before deferibed, shall be made in the fame Manner and Form, and under the like Rules, Regulations, and Proviflons, and shall be to all Intents and Purpofes as valid and efFe&ual as if the fame had been made under the said recited A6ta of the Thirty-eighth aud Forty-fecond Years of His present Majesty, or either of them.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy, and the said Surveyor General to order and direct that the Purchafe Monies which shall hereafter arise by Sales to be made of Property belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, within the ordering and Survey aforesaid, under the said recited Adis of the Thirty-eighth and Forty-fecond Years of His present Majesty, or under this Adi (excepting only as far as it relates to Enfrancmfements of Copyholds and Sales of Manerial Rights refpedlively), and which shall be paid into the Bank of England under the Dire&ions of any of the Three laft-mentioned A As, shall be laid out in the Pur-chafe either of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, in the Names of the Commi(Iioner8 of Ilis Majesty *s Treasury, or in the Name of the Duchy of Lancaster, in like Manner in all Refpe&s as is preferred in the said recited Adis of the Thirty-eighth and Forty-fecond Years of His present Majesty, with relation to Purchafes of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities under those recited Adis relpedlively, dnd the Capital Stock purchased under the Pro-vifions of this Adi, whether Three per Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities, or Three per Centum Reduced Annuities, and the Intcreft or Dividends ariiing therefrom, shall be subject to be dif-

pofed

48* GEO. IIL	C.734

pofed of and applied in the fame Manner, to the fame Purposes, and under the fame Rules, Regulations, and Provisions, as are prescribed in the said recited A els of the Thirty-eighth and Forty-fecond Years of His present Majesty, with respect to Stock purchased by Sales of any of the said Land Revenues authorized by the said lad-mentioned A&s, and with respect to the Dividends and yearly Intend anting therefrom.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That it Shall be lawful for Surveyor the said Surveyor General for the Time being, to contrail and agree G*neni1 e<n" with any Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate,	|£r	^

being Tenant or Tenants of any Copyhold or Cutiomary Tenements, dw Eufraacluie-Pareel of or holden of any Manor belonging to the Crown, within ment of the Survey or Receipt of the Exchequer in England, for the E11- Copyhold*, sod fraochifement of any such Copyhold Tenements, or with any Per-ion or Perfons (though not luch Tenants of any such Copyhold to*Mui»o« Tenements) for the Sale of the Manerial Rights belonging to the theCro«u, Crown therein, at or for the best Prices or Couiiderations in Money which the said Surveyor General shall or may be able to procure for the fame, and which (hail be approved of by the Lord High Treafuner or Commifiioncrs of the Treasury for the Time being, and the Tenements so agreed to be enfranchifcd, or upon which the Manerial Rights shall have beeu so contru&ed for, and the Confix deration to be paid for the fame, shall be specified in a Certificate to be granted for that Purpose, and the Coufideration Monies so to be paid shall be accepted, and Receipt given for the fame, and the (aid Certificate and Receipt shall be enrolied, and the Enrolment thereof shall be attested in the fame Form and Manner, and under the fame Rules, Regulations, and Provifions respectively (except undfr Regu-where it is otherwise provided by this A&) as are contained in the	‘	^

faid recited A& of the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, ^	^' *

with relation to the Conveyance of Fee Farm Rents to th.' Purchlfers »nd thi* ASi. thereof under that All; and such Certificate and Receipt shall also, in the Court Rolls of the Manor under which the Tenement to which the fame relates is holden, be enrolled by the Steward of such Manor or his lawful Deputy, who is hereby required forthwith to enrol such Certificate and Receipt upon the Produ&ion thereof to him. and having enrolled the said Certificate and. Receipt as aforesaid, shall at-ted the fame under his Hand, and return the said Certificate and Receipt to the Purchafer or Purchasers; and from and immediately after such Enrolments, and thenceforth for ever, the respective Copy-	.

bold Tenements included in any such Certificate, relating to the En. franchiferr.ent thereof, shall be enfranchised, and the Tenants thereof respectively shall hold the fame freed and difcliarged of and from all Claims and Demands which cau or may be made by His Majesty,

His Heirs or SuccefTors, or by any Perion or Perfons lawfully claiming by, from, or under them, as Lords of the Manor to which such Tenements before the Enfranchifement thereof belonged, and as fully and amply to all Intents and Purpofes as His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccaiTors, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame; and from and immediately after such Enrolments and thenceforth for ever, the respective Purchafes of any Manerial Right mentioned in any such Certificate, relating to the Purchafe thereof, an<f their Heirs and Afsigns, shall by force of this Ad be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the actual Seifin and Pofielfioi. of the

Manerial

«»*

C-73-

48° GEO. Iff.

A.D.1808.

Content of |he

Treaftiry

required.

ProcToce offuch Enfranchife-nenti, &c. shall he inverted in Three per Cents, as under 84 G. 3. c.75. § 16. and a (eparate Account kept*

Certificate shall be given by Surveyor Genera! to JPurckafers, &c. on Production whereof, and Payment of the Money, Bank shall give Receipts.

Form of Certificate.

Manerial Rights so by them respectively purchased, 'and shall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged from all Claims and Demands of His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, or any Perfon claiming under him or them, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purpofes as His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame if such Sale had not taken place*

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Cojitraft shall he made unless by special Warrant, to be issued for that Purpofe by the Lord High Treasurer or the Commiflioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any Three of them.

XV.	And be it further enacted, Tnat the Purchafe Money or Confideration to be paid for every such Enfranchisement or Par-chafe of Manerial Rights, shall from Time to Time be paid into the Bank of England\ to the Account of the Lord High Treasurer of England, for the Enfranchifement of Copyholds of Crown Manors, ana shall be laid out' in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer, by order of the said Surveyor General (who is for that Purpofe hereby authorized to make Drafts on the Bank for the fame) in like Manner as is directed by the said recited A61 pafied in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty intituled. An AS for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown* and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other mnimproveable Rente ; but nevertheless in such Manner that the Accounts may be kept separate and distinct from the Accounts of the Sales made and Stock pur-chafed in pursuance of the said A6t.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That whenever the said Surveyor General shall have con traced with any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corpprate, for the Enfranchifement of any such Tenements or other Hereditaments, or Sale of the Manerial Rights therein, the said Surveyor General shall grant to the refpec-tive Purchafer or Purchafers a Certificate under his Hand, fped-fving the Premifes so agreed to be enfranchised or fold, and the Amount of the Purchafe Money to be paid for the fame, and which is hereby required to be paid within Thirty Days from the Date of such Certificate, and the Cafhiers of the Bank, or One of them, shall, upon the Produ&ion of such Certificate, accept and receive the Purchafe Monies therein specified, and at the Foot or on the Back of such Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the fame, without Fee or Reward; which Certificates and Receipts shall be in the Form of Words following, or as near thereto as may be; (that is to fay)

* By the Surveyor General of His Majefty’a Land Revenue:

*	HPHESE are to certify, That the said Surveyor General hath « JL contracted and agreed on Behalf of the King’s most Excel-

*	lent Majesty, with	of

‘ for the [Enfranchifement of] or [Sale of the Manerial Rights

*	belonging to the Crown, in and upon] the Copyhold or Cuftom-4 ary Tenements herein-after mentioned, holden by the laid

*	by Copy of Court Roll of His Majefty’s Manor of

c in the County of	(that is

*	to fay) All that \here insert the Defcription of the Premifes'] at

4 eg for the Price or Sum of	to	be	paid	by the

«laid

7

48° GEO. III.

C.73.

2*$

*	faid	into	the	Bank	of	England)	and carried

*	to the Account of the Lord High Treasurer of England for En-4 franchifement of Copyholds of Crown Manors [where there is a k fubjijl'ing Leafe of the Manor to infert\ subject nevertheless [reciting

4 the Leaje] and from and immediately after Payment of the (aid Sum %

4 in Manner aforesaid, and the Enrolment of this Certificate, and the 4 Receipt for the said Sum in the Office of the Auditor of His Ma-4 jelly's Land Revenue for the County aforesaid, and in the Court 4 Rolls of the said Manor, and thenceforth for ever the said 4 and his Heirs and Aisigns, shall hold and enjoy the said rPremisea,

4 as Freehold in Fee and Common Socage, treed and discharged 4 of and from all Fines, Heriots, Reliefs, Quit-Rents, and other 4 Cuftomary Dues arid Payments, Suits and Services whatfoever] or 4 [Manerial Rights, in as full and ample a Manner to all Intents and 4 Purpofes as His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, could or might 4 have held and enjoyed the fame] by virtue of an A& of Parliament,

4 palTed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King 4 George the Third, intituled. An A3 [here insert the Title of this 4 A3]. Given under the Hand of the said Surveyor General, this.

4	Day	of

4 Witnefs to the signing by the 4 said Surveyor General,

4 T1 ECEIVED the	Day	of	Form *

4 XV of and from the above-named	Jf*?1**

4 the Sum of	of	lawful Money of Great V™*"*

4 Britain, being the Confideration Money expressed in the above 4 written Certificate. Witnefs my Hand 4 For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

. Cafhier.*

£.

Which Certificates and Receipts shall not be charged or chargeable with any other Stamp Duty than such as is by Law required tor the Receipts for the respective Sums therein expressed to be paid as the Confideration for such Enfranchisements, or for such Manerial Rights; and such Certificates and Receipts shall be good, Sufficient, valid and effectual in the Law for conveying ana alTuring the Several Mefluages, Tenements, and Hereditaments therein refpedlive-ly to be comprized, enfranchised, and discharged, and the said Manerial Rights therein Specified, unto and to the Ufe of the Several and respective Perfons therein to be named, and their Heirs and Affign? for ever.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That all Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in the Said recited A& of the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, and in force before the palling of this A&, with rcfpe& to the Sales of Fee Farm Rents, and the Certificates and Receipts relating thereto, authorized by that A&, shall be in force and be applied as far as the lame are applicable, and are not altered by this Act with relation to the Enfranchisement of Copyholds, and Sales of Manerial Rights, and to the Certificates and Receipts concerning the fame, authorized by this Ad.

XVIII.	4 And whereas great Uncertainty prevails as to what

Such Certificate and Receipt (with Receipt Stamp

frful Conveyance.

JVovifions of 34 G. 3. c.75. extended to this

Aa.

48 Geo. Ill*

1 Stamp

220

26 G. 3. e. *7.

60 G. 3. C. 66.

34 G. 3, C.75*

No former Cortlnu&i and Ixafes under (aid A#» frail be void for Want of proper Stamps; future Contra#* and Leafe* shall be exempt from Stamp Duties.

C-73*

48* GEO. m.

A.D. 180S.

34G-U.«.r5.§5.

Where Houfes of increased Value are agreed to be built on ( ruwn Band under X^afe, wHi houirs thereon, n»*w Jjfafcs of the Whole may be granted for any Term under laid A# (except for Laic).

*	Stamp Duties ought by Law to be imposed upon Contracts for the 4 Sale of Fee Farm Rents under an A A made in the Twenty-fixth 4 Year of His prefentMajefty, intituled. An AS for appointing Com•

4 mtfftoners to inquire into the State and Condition of the Woods,

*	rorests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown, and to fell or 4 alienate Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents; and under another

*	Ad made in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled,

*	An AS to continue and amend an AS made in the Twenty sixth Tear 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An AS fir appoint-

*	inr Commifjioners to inquire into the State and Condition of the 4 Woods, Forejls, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown, and 4 to fell or alienate Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents, and 4 under the said recited Ad of the Thirty-fourth Year aforesaid, and < also upon Leafes granted by the Crown under the said recited Ad 4 of the Thirty-fourth Year aforesaid, to the great Grievance and

*	Hard ship of Purchafers of such Fee Farm Rents and LefTees of

*	the Crown refpedivelyBe it' enacted, That no Contrads made under any of the said recited Ads of the Twenty-sixth, Thirtieth, or Thirty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for the Sale of Fee Farm Rents, nor any Leafes made under the Great Seal or Seal of the Exchequer, of any Lands or other Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, within the ordering and Survey of the Exchequer, since the said recited Ad of the Thirty-fourth Year aforesaid, shall be null and void on account of the fame respectively not being duly stamped, or the Stamp Duty not having been duly paid thereon respectively, and that no Contrad which shall be hereafter made for tne Enfranchisement of any Copyhold, or for the Sale of any Manerial Rights under this Ad, or the Sale of any Fee Farm Rents or other Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, within the ordering and Survey of the Exchequer aforesaid, nor any Leafe or Grant which shall be made pursuant to the Regulations ot this Ad or of the said Ad of the Thirty-fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, which shall be hereafter made of any Lands or other Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, within the ordering and Survey last aforesaid, (halfbe subject to any Stamp Duty whatever.

XIX. 4 And whereas by the said recited Ad of the Thirty-4 fourth Year of His present Majesty, it is amongst other Things 4 enacted, That it shall not be lawful to renew any urant or Leafe of 4 any Tenements or Hereditaments authorized by the said Ad to be 4 granted for any Term not exceeding Ninety-nine Years, until within f Twenty Years of the Period of the Expiration of the fame, except 4 in certain Cafes therein fpeciiied : And whereas it is expedient that

*	a Power of Renewal Ihould be allowed in other Cafes not specified 4 in the said Exception f Be it therefore enacted, That where any House or other Building shall require or shall be intended and agreed to be rebuilt, or any new House or other Building to be erected upon any Land or Ground belonging to the Crown, within the ordering and Survey .aforesaid, held under a Leafe from the Crown, upon which other Houfes or Buildings included in the fame Leafe are standing, if the Leflee or Grantee shall covenant and agree to build a new House or Building, or to rebuild a House or Building of such Value as to increase the Value of the whole Property included in such Lease, it shall be lawful at any Time or Times hereafter to grant any further or other Leafe of all such Land or Ground, with

7 *	the

480 GEO. III.	C. 73.

the Hovifes and Buddings thereupon, as were included in the former Lease, for any Terra or Eftate (except for Lrife or Lives) not exceeding the Terms and Eftates authorized by the said recited Aft of the Thirty-fourth Year aforesaid, to be granted; provided that in every such Leafe there be referred and made parable.to His Majesty,

His Heirs and SuccefTors, such Rent as is by the said last mentioned Aft or this Aft required to be referred, and that Covenants or Conditions be inserted therein on the Part of the respective Grantees or Leflees for erecting such new Houfes or Buildings, or rebuilding such Houfes or Buildings, within a reasonable Time, to be in such Cafe limited and appointed for that Purpose, and that such refpcc-tive Improvements shall be of the requisite Value.

XX. And be it further enacted, That where any new Edifice or Where new Building {hall be erected or agreed to be erected on Ground belong- Buildings are ing to the Crown, within the ordering and Survey of the Chancellor agr?*[1t0 ** and Council of the Duchy of Lane after, or of the said Surveyor Ge- j)uchy Land or neral aforesaid, or held under any Leafe from the Crown, for the Crown Land for Enlargement of, and to be united to .and occupied with any House Enlargement of or other Building held under any other Leafe from the Crown, it' «dftmg Houses, shall be lawful to grant a new Leafe or Leafes for any Term not ex* *fc* ulK}^,”y Geeding Ninety-nine Years, as well of the Ground on which such new	mar

Edifice or Building shall be erected or agreed to be erested, as of all or be granted of the any Part of any other Tenements or Hereditaments contained in such Whole. v Leases; provided, that the greater Part of the yearly Value of the Tenements and Hereditaments so to be granted shall coniift of the Buildings thereon, or of Ground fet apart and appropriated for building, or for necessary -Gardens, Yards, Curtilages, or other Appurtenances as aforesaid.

XXL - And whereas the Reftriftions contained in the said recited 4 Aft of the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, as it now 4 stands, may be found inconvenient in respect to the granting of 4 Leafes of forae Kinds of Property now held under Leafe from 4 the Crown, and which are of a fluctuating and uncertain Value Be it therefore enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Lords Com- Treafuiy may milfioners of the Treasury to grant and renew Leafes of the Profits grant and renew of Agiftment of Forefts difafforested, the Profits of Prae and Poll Leafe* of Fines arising within the Principality of Wales and County Palatine of C better % those of Light-houfes on Beaeons, and of Chains for moor- p^duce> fur ing Ships, Tolls, Markets and Fairs, Tythes, Fiftieries, Ferries, 31 Ycjjs, at and other Articles of uncertain* Produce, for such Terra of Years their Difcmioiu ' not exceeding Thirty-one Years, and for such Fine or Fines, apd under such . Rent or other Refervations and Conditions as they (hall	*

from Time to Time think reasonable and expedient.

XXII.	4 And whereas in the said recited Aft of the Thirty-4 fourth Year of His present Majesty it was enacted and declared,

4 That where any Wactes, Commons, or other uninclosed Lands or 4 Grounds within the ordering and Survey aforesaid, in which His 4 Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, has or shall have any Interect,	•

4 (hafl be deemed fit and proper to be divided, inclosed, drained,

4 or otherwise improved, and shall be by Authority of Parliament "

4 or otherwise authorized and directed to be divided and inclosed, and 4 where the Term or Eftate in Poffeflion of and in the fame re*

4 fpeftively shall be deemed by the Lord High Treasurer or Com-4 miffiouets of the Treasury to be iufuJEcient to defray the Coftf

Q a	-and

A*D« 180S.

2tS

Power of

34G.3.C.7M7' to renew LeiTei •f* Waites, extended to any other Lands comprized in the fame Leafe. •4G.a.c.75.§9.

Treafury shall afeertain Reut, &c. where Houfes arc to he rebuilt or newly erected on deittifed Land, whereoh are other Houfrs not intended to be rebuilt.

Treafury may reserve Rent only, without Fine, where old Buildings are

i

C.73.	48° GEO. III.

* and Charges of such Works and Improvements with reafonablar 4 Profit and Advantage to the Parties making or causing the fame to 4 be made, or to their Reprefentatives or Afligns, in all and every 4 such Cafe and Cafes it shall be lawful to renew any such Lease, or 4 to grant any further or other Leafe of any such Lands or Grounds, 4 or any Part thereof, for any Term or Eftate not exceeding the 4 Terms or Eitates authorized to be granted of Lands, Tenements, 4 or Hereditaments of such pr the Uke Dcfcriptions, by the Ad 4 of the First Year of Queen Anne therein mentioned, or by the 4 said recited Ad of the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Ma-4 jefty aforesaid: And whereas it is expedient that fuen Power of 4 Renewal should be extended to any other Lands comprised in the 4 fame Leafe with such Wades' or other uninclosed Lands ;* be it therefore further enacted, That whenever any Leafe shall be renewed under the said recited Provision, with respect to any such Wactes, Commons, or other unincloied Lands or Grounds, it shall be lawful to renew the fame in like Manner and upon the fame Terms with respect to any other Lands or Grounds comprized in the fame Lease, with such Wactes, Commons, or uninclosed Lands or Grounds.

XXIII.	4 And whereas by the said recited Adi of the Thirty-4 fourth Year aforesaid, certain Rules are laid down for the Referva-4 tion of Rent, in Cafes where there are substantial Buildings upon 4 Ground to be demised, or the Buildings thereupon shall not require 4 or be intended or agreed to be rebuilt, and also in Cafes where 4 there are no substantial Buildings upon the Grounds to be demised, 4 or the Buildings thereupon require, or shall be intended and agreed 4 to be rebuilt, or other new Buildings eroded upon such Land or 4 Ground; but no Rule is laid down for Cafes where upon the 4 Ground to be demised there is some substantial Building not re-4 quired or intended or agreed to be rebuilt, and either some other 4 Building required or intended or agreed to be rebuilt, or some new 4. Building is proposed to be erected thereon ;* be it therefore enacted. That in all Cafes where upon the Ground to be demised there is' some substantial Building not required or intended or agreed to be rebuilt, and either some other Building thereon requiring or intended or agreed to be rebuilt, or some new Building is intended or agreed to be erected thereon, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or Commifiioners of the Treasury to direct what Rent shall be re-ferved and paid annually, and whether any and what Fine shall be taken upon tuch Denr.ife, Regard being had to the Value of the Buildings on the Ground to be demised not intended to be rebuilt, and the Proportion it bears to the Value of the whole Property intended to be demised.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or Commifiioners of the Treasury, when they shall be of Opinion that the Solidity and Value of any old House or Houfes to be demised not required or intended to be rebuilt, is such as to be fuffieient Security for the due Payment of the whole Annual Sum deemed by them to be a reasonable Con-fideration for such Building or Buildings and Ground held therewith respectively, for the Term and Eftate to be granted by and in the fame, to direct that the Whole of such Confideration (hau be re-ferved and taken in Rent only, without taking any Fine for the feme-,

4	XXV,	«Ao4

229

48° GEO. in.	C.73;

XXV* * And whereas it Is neceflaiy to veil a difcretionary

*	Power in the Lord High Treasurer or Commiflioners of the Trea-4 fury, to determine the Rent upon Leafes of Lands, Tenements, and

*	Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, within the ordering and 4 Survey aforesaid, in certain Cafes not provided for by Law ;* be it therefore enacted, That for and in reipeft of any Leafe or Grant under the Great Seal, or the Seal of the Exchequer, of any Houfes or other Buildings which shall be certified by Surveyors not to require rebuilding, and which shall be of greater yearly Value than the Ground on which they are built, but which a Leflee may desire to pull down in order to ere£t other Houfes or Buildings of greater Value for his own Accommodation or Advantage, of Houfes or other Buildings which may have been damaged or destroyed by Fire, or Ground on which inch Buildings lave been erected, and also of Houfes or other Buildings which shall be only in part rebuilt, or to which new Buildings mall be added, and also of Ground to be granted as Gardens, Yards, 6r Curtilages to Houfes already erected or to be erected, whether on Ground belonging to His Majesty, or to any other Proprietor, it shall be lawful tor the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury at their Difcretion, to admit of the Confideration being paid, either in Rent only or in Rent and Fine $ provided always, that where a Fine shall be taken it shall not exceed the Proportion of One Third Part of the net annual Value of the Premises, in respect of which the fame shall be paid, nor be computed at a higher Rate than the highest legal Interell.

XXVI* * And whereas the most usual Mode of Reservation in

*	Leafes of Mines, Colheries, Quarries, and other Mineral and FoilQ 4 Sub fiances, and that which is bed adapted to this Kind of Pro-1 perty, is a certain Share of the Ore or other Produce in Kind, or 4 a Rent or Duty in Money payable on the Quantity raised ;* be it therefore enacted. That it shall be lawful in Leafes under the Great Seal, or the Seal of the' Exchequer, of Mines, Colheries, Quarries, and other Mineral and Foflil Subftances belonging to His Majesty, within the ordering and Survey aforesaid, instead of any other annual Rent, to receive such Share of the Produce in Kind, or such Rent or Duty upon the Quantity or Value of such Produce, as the Lords Commiflioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall think proper.

XXVII* * And whereas His Majesty, in Right of His Crown, is 4 Owner of the Soil of the Great Forejfi of Brecknock in the County 4 of Brecknock, and of the Mines, Minerals, and other Subftances 4 within and under the fame, and is also entitled to the Herbage there-4 of, fubjc£l to the Depafturage of Cattle of Occupiers of certain 4 Lands within and adjacent to the said Foreft, at annual, fixed, 4 and customary Payments: And whereas by reason of such Depaf-4 turage qf Cattle, and the Nature and Extent of the said Foreft, and

*	of the Soil, the Rights and Interefts of His Majesty therein cannot 4 be made productive in their present State, and it is therefore expe-4 dient that Power should be given to dispose of the fame ;* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor General for the Time being, to contrail and agree with any Perfon or Perfons, or any Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Sale of the Soil, Mines, or other Minerals, of other Subftances or Herbage,

Qi	or

DtTcrctiontfj Power In Treasury to afeeruun Confidrration either in Rent only, or partly in (lent and partly in Fine, in certain Cafes.

In Leafe of Mines, &c, Treasury may reserve aa Rent a Part of tire Produce, ora Duty upon tha Value thereof, *

Rights and IntereiU of tlia (‘town in tire Foreft of Breckn k may



*3°

be fold by Surveyor General with Approbation of the Tremfury, under the Regulation of this AA as to Sale of Crown

C-73*

48’ QEO. III.

**•

of Duchy, and ' Surveyor General with Content of the Treasury, empowered to esenam'e Lands of the Crown for Lands of Individuals.

or any other Rights or Interefls of His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, in the said Foreft or any Part thereof or in any Manned appertaining thereto or existing within the fame, within the ordering and Survey aforesaid, at or for the bell Prices or Con fide rations in Money which the said Surveyor General shall be able to procure for the fame, and which shall be approved of by the Lord High Trea-furer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being ; and the Purchafe Monies to be paid for the fame shall from Time to Time be paid into the Bank of England to the feme Account, and shall be in veiled in the Purchafe of Stock of the fame Denominations, and the Stock so purchased, and the Interefl and yearly Dividend arif« ing therefrom, shall be applied in the fame Manner, and subject to the fame Regulations as are herein-before prescribed with respect to the Purchafe Monies anting from the Sales of Crown Lands herein* before authorized; and such Sales of any such Rights and Interefta in the said Forefl shall be made in the lame Manner and under the lame Regulations, and the Certificates and Receipts to be given shall be in the fame Form mutatis mutandis as are herein-before directed with respect to the Sales of Crown Lands; and from and immediately after the Enrolment of the said Certificate and Receipt in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue; and thenceforth for ever the respective Purchafers, their Heirs, SuccefTors, and Afsigns, shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the a£tual Scifin and PofTeffion of me Premifes so by them respectively purchased, and shall hold the fame peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged of and from all Claims and Demands which can or may be made by His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, or by any Perfon or Perfons lawfully claiming by Him or under Him or them, and of and from all Manner of Incumbrances whatsoever, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purpofes as His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear to the said Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy, or to the laid Surveyor General,1 that it would be for the Advantage of the Land Revenue of the Crown tq exchange any Parcel or Parcels of Land belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, for any other Parcel or Parcels of Land of equal or nearly equal Value, belonging to any other Perfon or Perfons, Bodies rolitick or Corporate, and such other Perfon or Perfons or Bodies shall consent to such Exchange, it shall be lawful for the Surveyor General of the said Duchy ana the said Surveyor General to cause the Value as well of the said Parcel or Parcels of Land belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or SucceiTors, as of the said Parcel or Parcels of Land proposed to be exchanged for such Land of His Majesty, to be afeertained by some able and practical Surveyor of Land, who shall annex to his Survey, Eftimate, or Valuation thereof, when cora-dleted, an Oath Tor being of the People called Quakers, an Affirmation) taken ana fubferibed by him before any Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate of the United Kingdom, who is respectively hereby authorized to administer an Oath or Affirmation in that Behalf the Tenor whereof shall be as follows; that is to fay,

f T A. B. do swear [or, being a Quaker, do solemnly affirm] That ? A the Survey or Account hereto annexed* was faithfully and im-

‘ partially

A.D. i8q8.

231

48° GEO. III.	C.73,

4 partially made by me; that the Value of the Property of the Crown*

*	and of C. JD. therein contained, is justly estimated therein* frccord-4 jog to the best of my Skill and Judgment; and that all the Par-< ticulars Rated in the (aid Survey or Account are true to the belt of

*	my Knowledge and Belief.9

Which Oath and Affirmation fo' taken and fubferibed, shall be filed with the Survey and Eftimate in the Office of the said Surveyor General, or of the Clerk of the Council of the said Duchy, and the said Surveyor General shall report to xhe Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the said Surveyor General of the said Duchy shall report to the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy the Grounds of his Recommendation of the proposed Ex* change* together with the said Valuation of the respective Parcels of Lana ; and if the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treafuryi or the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy, shall, upon due Confideration had, approve of such Exchange taking place, they shall authorize the said Surveyor General, dr tne proper Officers of the said Duchy, to carry the fame into effect, upon fuch	*

Terms and Conditions as they shall think fit, provided the fame shall be afiented to by the Perfon or Perfons, or body with whom such Exchange is proposed to be made; and the said Chancellor and Couneil, and the said Surveyor General shall thereupon cause the said Parcel or Parcels of Land belonging to His Majesty, to be conveyed to the said Perfon or Perfons, or Bodies respectively.with whom the said Exchange is proposed to be made, and such Perfon or Perfons, or Body, shall at the fame Time convey to the said Chancellor or Council* or to the said Surveyor General, in Truft for and on the Behalf of His said Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, in Right of His Crown, or in Right of His Duchy, the (aid Parcel or Parcels of Land so agreed to be given in Exchange for such Parcel or Parcels of Crown Land as aforesaid; and from and immediately after the Completion of such Exchange, the said Parcels of Land so belonging to His Majesty, and given in Exchange as aforesaid, shall vest in the Perfon or Perfons, or Body, to whom the fame is conveyed, for the fame Eftate or Interect, and as fully and effectually as the (aid Parcels of Land so given in Exchange did before such Exchange; and the said Parcels of Land so conveyed in Exchange to His Majesty, shall vest in His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeflors, in Right of His Crown, or in Right of His Duchy, as fully and effe&uaBy,. and be subject to the fame Application as the said Parcels of Land so conveyed in Exchange to (uch Perfon or Perfons, or Body, was veiled in him before such Exchange.

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Treasury, &«. be lawhd for the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Chan- W*

. cello? of the said Duchy, if they shall think fit, to direCt the Payment

or Acceptance on Behalf of His Majesty of such Sum of Money, for Exchange, equalizing any such Exchange, as shall be agreed upon between the (aid Chancellor and Couneil, or the said Surveyor General and the said Perfon or Perfons $r Bodies with whom such Exchange is proposed to be made, and wheke any such Money is to be paid to any luch Perfon or Perfons or Body for such Purpose, such Money (nail be paid Application of out of the Land Revenue of the. Crown, or out of the Revenues of Money received, the (aid Duchy; and where any Money shall be paid to His Majefty

Q4	for

A.D. i8o3

23z	C.73.	48°	GEO.	III.

St G. 3. e. 60. 49 G. 3. c. 116.

Form of Conveyances of Lands exchanged.

fsom the Crown.

for equalizing such Exchange, the fame, if it shall amount to the Sum of Fifty Pounds, shall be veiled in the Three Pound3 per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer, and the Dividends thereof Shall be applicable as Land Revenue ; and if it shall not amount to the Sum of Fifty Pounds, the fame shall be appropriated as Land Revenue under the Dire&ion of the Lords Commiflioners of the Treasury ; or in cafe of the Money being paid to His Majesty iu Right of His said Duchy the fame shall be placed in Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities in the Name of the Duchy of Lancaster, according to the Dire&ions of the said recited Alts of the Thirty-eighth and Forty-fecond Years of His prc-fent Majesty.

XXX.	And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful to the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy, or to the said Surveyor General for the Time being, to alt for and on Behalf of His Majesty, as well in making as accepting the Conveyances of Parcels of Land so intended to be exchanged as aforesaid; and the Conveyance of the Land within the ordering and Survey of the Exchequer aforesaid, so proposed to be given in Exchange by His laid Majesty, may be in the following Form, or as near thereto as may be $ (that is to fay), 'T'HESE are to witness, That in coniideration of the Convey-ance of certain Lands [defcrtbing them] to His said Majesty, in Right of His Crown, from C. D. [and also in coniideration of the Sum of	paid by the said C, Z>.

for Equality of Exchange to the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown] the said Surveyor General for and on Behalf of His Majesty, doth by these Pretents grant, bargain,and fell unto the said C. D. his Heirs and Afiigns, Ail [defcribe the Parcels of Land, Ctfr. fold] To have and to hold the said [Pareels, &c.] hereby bargained and fold, and all Benefit and Advantage thereto belonging, unto and to the Ufe of the said C. D, his Heirs and Afiigns, for ever. In Witnefs whereof the fame Surveyor General hath hereunto fet his Hand and Seal, this Day of	in	the Year of our Lord

4 Witnefs to the Execution by the said Surveyor General	.*

And the Conveyance to His Majesty of such Lands as are proposed to be taken in Exchange for such Crown Lands, may be in the following Form, or as near thereto as may be (that is to fay),

• Conveyance by the Perfon with whom the Exchange is proposed to be made:

Hmn of 1 'J'HESE ai? to witness. That C. Df of	in	the

Conveyance 4 County of	in	coniideration of the^

fcott the Party. « Conveyance to him the said C. D. from the Surveyor General 4 of the Land Revenue of the Crown, for and on behalf of His Ma« . 4 jefty, of a certain Parcel of Land [,defcrtbing //] and also of the 4 Sum of	paid	to	him	by	the said Surveyor

4 General on Behalf of His said Majesty, for Equality of Exchange 4 [if the Cafe be fo] Doth by these rrefents grant, bargaiu, and fell 4 unto His Majesty, His Heirs and SucceiTors, all that Parcel of Land 4 [defcribing it] To have and to hold the fame to His said Majesty,

4 His Heirs and SucceiTors, in Right of His Crown. In Witnefs

4 whereof

A<D« 1808.

48° GEO. IIL

C- 73> 74-

933

(whereof the said C. D* hath hereunto fet his Hand and Seal, this

*	Day	of	in the Year of our Lord	•

* Witoefs to the Execution of the said C. D.	•’

And such instruments respectively shall not be liable to any Stamp Duty.

** A€t may be altered or repealed this Seffion. §31.”

CAP. LXXIV.

An Aft for the better Colleftipn of the Duties on Malt made in Great Britain.	[18th June 1808.]

*	TTTHEREAS the Regulations by Law eftabliffied for securing « W the Duties payable on Malt made in Great Britain have been

*	found insufficient to answer the good Purpofes thereby intended, c and it is therefore become necessary to make further Regulations

*	for the better Colle&ion of the said Duties ;* be it therefore enacted by the King's mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pnefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all and every Maltfter and Maltfters, or Maker or Makers of Malt in Great Britain, shall within Ten Days after the Fifth of Day of July in each Year, give or deliver to the proper Officer of EXcife under whose Survey Fuch Maltfter or Maltfters, or Maker or Makers of Malt shall then be, a true and particular Account in, Writing of all Barley not at the Time of such Delivery made into Malt, or in actual Operation for being made into Malt, which any such Maltfter or Maltfters, or Maker or Makers of Malt shall have in his, her, or their Cuftody or PofTelfion, or which shall then be in the Cuftody or Pof-feffion of any Perfon or Perfons in trust for such Maltfter or Maltfters, or Maker or Makers of Malt, or for his, her, or their Ufe ; and all agd every such Maltfter and Maltfters, or Maker or Makers of Malt, shall in every such Account fet forth and deferibe every particular Warehouse, Storehouse, Loft, Room, Granary, or other Place in which any such Barley shall be lodged, stored, or deposited, and the Number of Bu(hels of such Barley contained in each such Warehouse, Storehouse, Loft, Room, Granary, or other Place ; and shall, if required by such Officer so to do, (hew to such Officer every such Warehouse, Storehouse, Loft, Room, Granary, or other Place, and all such Barley as aforesaid therein ; and if any Maltfter or Maltfters, or Maker or Makers of Malt, shall neglect or refuse to give or deliver such Account as aforesaid, or shall give or deliver to any such Officer a false or untrue Account as or for such true and particular Account as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse so to (hew to any such Officer as aforesaid any such Warehouse, Storehouse, Loft, Room, Granary, or other Place, or any such Barley as aforesaid therein, the Maltfter or ' Maltfters, or Maker or Makers of Malt, so offending, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

II.	And be it further enacted. That whenever any Maltfter or Maker of Malt shall have finished or dried off all the Malt which shall be or shall have been in Operation in any particular Malthoufe of such Maltfter or Maker of Malt, such Maltfter or Maker of Malt shall by the Space of Twenty-four Hours at the least before he, (he, or thej

Maltfter (halt annually after SthJuly deliver ts Officer an Account of his Stock of Barley.

Penalty 100L

Maltfter (haft deliver a like Account l»cft>rp he begins to work ;

Penalty jOi.

*34

C-74-

48® GEO. III.

A.D. 1808.

.Except Barley v* thjefhed. See § 4<

Barley declared

as in Stock ftuill lie entered in a Book to t>c kept l>v Maltfters. Penalty 50L

Kntrir^ shall be made by MnUfler in such Book oTall Barley received;

(hall begin to wet or steep any Corn or Grain f6r the Purpofe of making the fame into Malt, give, or deliver to the proper Officer of Excite, under whose Survey such Maltfter or Maker of Malt shall then be, a true and particular Account in Writing of all the Bariey which such Maltfter or Maker of Malt shall at the Time of such Delivery have in his, her, or their Cuftody or Poffeffiori, or which shall then be in the* Cuftody or Poffeflion of any Perfon Or Perfons whatsoever, in trust for such Maltfter or Maker of Malt, or for his, her, or their Ufe ; and every such Maltfter or Maker of Malt shall in every such Account let forth and deferibe every particular Warehoufei Storehouse, Loft, Room, Granary, or other Place in which any such Barley shall be lodged, stored, or depofifed, and the Number of Bu(hels of such Barley contained in each such Warehouse, Storehouse, Loft, Room, Granary, or other Place; and if any Maltfter or Maker of Malt shall neglect or refuse to give or deliver such Account, or shall give or deliver to such Officer as and for such true and particular Account as last aforesaid a false or untrue Account, every Maltfter or Maker of Malt so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds: Provided always nevertheless, that nothing in this A& contained shall extend or be con-ftrued to extend to any barley while the fame shall remain in the Straw unthreshed, provided that the Maltfter or Maker of Malt, who shall be possessed thereof, shall enter in such Book as is herein-after mentioned the Grain arising from the threfiling, and which shall be carried or removed from or out of the Barn or Place in which the fame shall be threshed or separated from the Straw (except to the House, Place, or Premifes of some Perfon to whom the fame shall be fold or dif-pofed of) as Bariey brought in or received by such Maltfter or Maker ol Malt.

III.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Maltfter or Maker of Malt shall keep a Book, to be delivered to him, her, or them, by the proper Officer of Excife, which Book shall be prepared with proper and distinct Columns for entering Accounts of all the Barley taken or received by or into the Cuftody or Poffeflion of such Maltuer or Maker of Malt; and all and every such Maltfter or Maker of Malt shall enter or cause to be entered in such Book the total or aggregate Quantity of Barley contained in the particular Accounts directed or required by this A& to be given or delivered to the proper Officer of Excife, on the Day on which any such Account shall be respectively so given or delivered to such Officer, on pain of forfeiting for every NegleA or Refufal to enter any such Account of any such Barley as aforesaid, the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That all and every Maltfter or Maker of Malt shall on the fame Day on which he, (he, or they shall take or receive any Barley into his, her, or their Cuftody or Pofsession, write and enter, or cause to be written and entered, in such Book as aforesaid, and in the proper Columns prepared for such Purpofes respectively, a true and particular Account of the Number of Bufliels of Barley which he, (he, or they shall take or receive into his, her, or their Cuftody or Pofsession, or which shall be taken or received into the Cuftody or Poffeflion of any other Perfon or Perfons in trust or for the Ufe of such Maltfter or Maxer of Malt, and (hail also write and enter, or cause to be written and entered as aforesaid, the Christian and Surnames, and Place of Abode of the Perfon or Perfons

oi

235

48° GEO. III.	C.74,

of whom such Barley was purchased, or from whom such Barley wa* received \ and {hall also write and enter, or cause to be written and en* tered as aforefaid* an Account of the Quantity of Barley in Bnihela which shall at any Time be wetted or put into Steep for the Purpofe of making the lame into Malt, and {hall also write and enter, or cause to be written and entered as aforesaid, again ft and opposite to every such Quantity so wetted or put into Steep, the particular Day and Hour of the Day on and at which such Bhrley was fo* wetted or put into Steep ; and all and every Maltfter or Maker of Malt who may have Occahon or be desirous to fell, remove, or otherwise dispose of any Barley/ or Skreenings of Barley, not to be by himself, herself, or themlelvea made into Malt, {hall, and he, {be, or they is and are hereby directed and required to write, and on the fame Day in which the fame {hall be fold, consumed, sent out, delivered or otherwise dif-pofed of, enter, or cause to be written and entered as aforesaid, a true and particular Account of th6 Number of Bufhels of all Barley, or Skreenings of Barley, fold/ consumed, sent out, delivered, or otherwise disposed of by. him, her, or them, in any Quantity exceeding One Bulhel, and the Name and Place of Refidence of the Perfon or Perfons to whom any such Barley or Skreenings of Barley, was fold, sent, or delivered ; and {hall every Day write and enter, or cause to be written and entered, as aforesaid, an Account of the gross Quantity of Barley which shall be so fold, sent out, delivered, or disposed of in the preceding Day, in Quantities not exceeding One Bufhel, not for the Purpofe of being by himself, herself, or themselyes, made into Malt; and if any Maltfter or Maker of Malt {hall negleA or refuse to make, or cause to be made, any such Entry or Entries as aforesaid, all and every such Maltfter and Maker of Malt so offending {hall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds : Provided always nevertheless, that no Maltfter or Maker of Malt shall be fubjeA or liable to the said lad-mentioned Penalty for or by reason of his,' her, or their not writing or entering the Ghriftian or Surname, or Place of Abode of the Perfon or Perfons from whom any Barley was purchased in the Straw unthreshed, or from whom any such Barley m the Straw unthreftied was received.

V.	And be it further enacted, That all and every such Book or Books {hall at all Times be produced to and left Open to the free In-fpe&ion of the proper Officer or Officers of Excife, who {hall be permitted to examine and cast up, and make Copies or Extra&s from the Entries contained therein, and to insert the Time of such Infpec-tion or Examination, and sign his or their Name or Names thereto.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Maltfter or Maker of Malt {hall lodge, store, or deposit any Barley or Malt in different Warphouses, Storehouses, Lofts, Rooms, Granaries, or other Places, and which {hall not be under the fame Roof, or {hall be separated from each other by the Intervention of any Land, Premises, Buildings, or otherwise howsoever, the Stocks of such Barley or Malt {hall or may, if the Supervisor under whose Survey such Stock or Stocks {hall be, {hall deem it expedient, be deemed and taken to be separated and diftinA Stocks ; and the fame {hall and may be surveyed and kept Account of by the Officer or Officers of Excife accordingly, in the fame Manner as if the fame belonged to different Perfons.

VII.	And be it further enaAed, That all and every Maltfter or Maker of Malt {hall, when and so often as he, {he,* or they {hall be

thereunto

and Of, all Barley steeped.

and of all Bailey fold or removed. &c.

Penalty for neglea 10OL

Exception as to

vmtluelhed

Barley.

Officers may Uiipcct Books.

Barley or Malt.

lodged in

ditferent

Premifes may be kept by O dicers as diiim<ft Stocks.

Barley shall be laid even, to enable Officer

to gauge the £mew

c.74*'

48° GEO. Ill,

A«D« 1808.

Excefs (above five per Cent.) on rafting up and balancing Stock fliajl be oonfidered as not entered.

Penalty for not laying Barley even, 100L

Pefieiency of Barley upon balancing Stock, shall be charged with Doty, as hlpk.

thereunto required by any Officer or Officers of Excife, call or place, or cause to be call or placed, all the Barley in his, her, or their Cuitody or Pofiefiion, not in an actual State of Operation for being made into Malt, in or into such regular Form as may enable the Officer Or Officers of Excife conveniently to gauge and ascertain the true Quantity thereof 5 and if the Quantity of Barley not in actual Operation for making into Malt shall be round to exceed the Quantity which any such Maltfter or Maker of Malt ought to have in his, her, or their Cuftody or Pofiefiion, according to the true Balance or Refult drawn from casting up and adjufUng such Book as aforesaid, and the Entries therein, in the Proportion of One Buftiel in every Twenty Bulhels of Barley, then and in every such Cafe every such Maltfter - or Maker of Malt shall be deemed and adjudged to have received Barley into his Cuftody or Pofiefiion, and to have neglected or re-fufed tp make, or cause to be made, such Entry in the said Book, as i$ by this Aft in.that Behalf directed and required: And if any jMaltfter or Maker of Malt, having been thereunto required as afore* said, shall neglect or refuse to calx or place, or caule to be ca(t or placed, all or any such Barley as aforesaid in his, her, or their Cuftody or Pofiefiion, in or into such regular Form as aforesaid, the Maltfter pf Maker of Malt so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

. VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers of Excife, upon gauging and taking such Account as aforesaid of the Quantity of Barley not in actual Operation for making into Malt, in the Cuftody or Poffellion of any Maltfter or Maker of Malt, {hall find the Quantity (hort of or less than the Quantity which any such Malt* Her or Maker of Malt ought to have in his, her, or their Cuftody or Pofiefiion, according to the true Balance or Refult drawn from casting up and adjusting such Book as aforesaid, and the Entries therein, in proportion of One Bulhel in every Twenty Bulhels of Barley of the Quantity of Barley received, then and in every such Cafe the Maltfter or Maker of Malt shall be deemed and adjudged to have wetted and steeped Barley for the Purpofe of making the fame into Malt, and neglected or refused to make, or to cause to be made, such Entry in such Books, as is by this Aft in that Behalf required; and every luch Malfter or Maker of Malt shall in every such Cafe, aver and above the Penalty by this Aft imposed for the Negleft or Refuftil to make, or cause to be made, such Entry as aforesaid, be charged with and be liable to pay the Duty chargeable for every Bufhel of Barley so found deficient as aforesaid; and such Duty shall and may be lued for, levied, and recovered by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and under such and the like Penalties as the Duty on Malt is or may be sued for, levied, and recovered by any Law or Laws in force relating to the Duties of Excife.

Book shall be IX. And be it further enacted, That every Maltfter or Maker of filled up before Malt shall, before the Officers taking any such Account of Barley as Officer's Account aforesaid, be required by the proper Officer of Excife, and be permit-is taken.	ted tQ make <jue Entries in such Book as aforesaid, of all Barley, or

Skreenings of Barley, which he, (he, or they may have received into his, her, or their Cuftody or Pofiefiion, or have wetted or put into Steep, or have otherwise disposed of in the Courfe of the Day in which such Account is proposed or intended to be taken, or of the Day preceding $ and if any Difpute (hail arise between any such Malt-

Aet

48° GEO. III.	C74.	137

fter or Maker of Malt and the proper Officer or Officers of Excife, Maltfter may respecting the true Quantity of Barley so taken Account of as afore- require Stock of laid, iuch Maltller or Maker of Malt Ihall have the Option of and	ifhi

be allowed immediately and with all due Diligence and Difpatch, difputc* the to raeafure the fame in the Prefence of such Officer or Officers of Accuracy of Excife by a just and correct Winchejler Bufhel Meafure of the Di- Officer’* Gauge, menliona preferibed by Law, to be provided by such Maltft.er or Maker of Malt; and the Quantity afeertained by such Admeafure-ment shall be taken to be the true Quantity of Barley in the Cuftody or Pofleffion of such Malt fter or Maker of Malt, any Thing in this or any other Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary in any wife not-withftanding.

X.	And be it further enacted, That if any Maltfter or Maker of All Barley shall Malt shall purchase or receive, or shall fend out Barley by any Mea- he entered and sure other than the Winchejler Bufhel, every such Maltfter or Maker

of Malt shall in every such Cafe enter, or cause to be entered, the Quantity in such Book as aforesaid, either according to the just and Bufhel; any true Number of Winchejler Bufhels which such Barley will fairly mea- other Meafure fare, or shall specify in such Book against each Quantity of Barley J*®* shall be entered therein, the ex ad Meafure in which he, (he, or they shall de£ari**d. enter, or cause the fame to be entered ; that is to'fay, whether the Quantity is in Bu(hels of Eight Galions, Eight Gallons and a Quarter, Eight Gallons and a Half, Eight Gallons and Three-quarters, or Nine Galions, or any and what other Measure; and in every such Cafe the proper Officer of Excife, on calling up, adjusting, and balancing the Stock, shall reduce the whole Quantity to Winchejler Bufhels, any Thing in this Ad to the contrary in any wife not-withftanding.	'

XI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Justices mty any Juftice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Information shall fumraon

be exhibited or laid against any Maltfter or Maker of Malt, for any Offence against the Laws of Excife respecting the Duties on Malt, to ^ve cnc* fnmmon any Farmer, Maltfter, or Dealer in or Seller of Barley or Malt, or other Perfon, and to examine such Perfon so summoned as aforesaid, upon oath, touching the Safe or Delivery, or the Purchafe or Receipt of any Barley fold, sent out, delivered, or received by any such Farmer, Maltfter, Dealer, or other Perfon as aforesaid, save and except as to the Price or Value of any such Barley or Malt; and if any p*nsjtV0n Farmer, Maltfter, or Dealer in or Seller of Barley or Malt, or other Witne'fs not Perfon, shall neglect or refuse to obey such Summons, or shall neglect *tteuding, Ac. or refuse to give Evidence when thereunto required, every such Malt- 2o1* fter or Dealer in or Seller of Barley or Malt, or other Perfon, so offending, shall for each and every luch Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XII.	And be it further enacted. That in all cafes of Profecutions In cafes of Pcfi-or Informations under this Ad for the Recovery of any Duty, Fine, ciency or Excess, or Penalty, for or on Account of any Deficiency or Excefs in the Quan- E^nce may b« tity or Stock of Barley in the Cuftody or Poffeffioti of any Maltfter or

Maltfters or Maker or Makers of Malt, it shall and may be lawful to Fraud. * and for the Defendant or Defendants to produce any Witnefs or Wit-neffes competent to prove that the Deficiency was actually and bond Jide caused or occasioned by Barley having been stolen or privately conveyed away without the Knowledge, Privity, or Confent of such Defendant or Defendants, or that fu$h Deficiency or Excefs refpedively*

was

A*Di 1808.

*3f»

Penalty for vrettingCorn within Twelve Days alter being taken from die Ciftcru, 3001.

Penalty on Workmen wetting Com within fuclt Twelve Days, 50l. or Twelve Mouths* Imprifonment,

C. 7*	4*p	geo.	nr.

was caused or occasioned by accidental or unintentional Error or Miftake in entering and keeping the Account of Barley by this A& required, without any Design, intention or View of Fraud or Eva-fion whatsoever; and in cafe the Justices of the Peace, or the Court and Jury before whom any such Information shall be heard and tried, shall be Satisfied by the Evidence of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, that such Deficiency or Excefs respectively was actually and bond fide caused or occasioned by any or either of the Caufes or Circumftances before mentioned, without any Defign or Intention of Fraud or Evafion on the Part of the Defendant or Defendants, it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace or the Court and Jury before whom any* such Information shall be heard and tried, to acquit the Defendant or Defendants, any Thing in tliis A£t to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That no Maltfter or Maker of Malt shall wet, water, or sprinkle, or cause or suffer to be wetted, watered, or sprinkled, any Com or Grain making into Malt, in any State or Stage of Operation after the fame shall nave been emptied, thrown, or taken from or out of the Cistern, Uting Fat, or other Veffel or Utenfil used for fteepingjfuch Com or Grain, for and until the full End and Expiration of Twelve Days or Two hundred and eighty-eight Hours, on Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That if any Workman, Servant, Labourer, or other Perfon, employed by or in the Service of any Maltfter or Maker of Malt, shall wet, water, or sprinkle any Coni or Grain making into Malt in any State or Stage of Operation whatever, after the fame shall have been emptied, thrown, or taken from or out of the Cistern, Uting Fat, or other Veffel or Utenfil used for steeping such Com or Gram, until the full End and Expiration of Twelve Days or Two hundred and eighty-eight Hours after the fame shall have been emptied, thrown, or taken from or out of any such Cistern, Uting Fat, or other Veffel or Utenfil used for steeping such Coro or Grain as aforesaid, every such Workman, Servant, Labourer, or other Perfon as aforesaid so offending, shall and may be apprehended by any Officer or Officers of Excife, and taken before any One or more of His Majefty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, or Liberty respectively, wherein such Workman, Servant, Labourer, or other Perfon shall be found; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Juftice or Justices of the'Peace respectively, on the Party's Confeflion of any such Offence, or on Proof thereof by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Wit-neffes, tb convidt in the Penalty of Fifty Pounds every such Workman, Servant, Labourer, or otner Perfon as aforesaid, so proved to have -been guilty of any such Offence ; and every such Workman, Servant, Labourer, or other Perfon convicted as aforesaid, shall immediately on such Convidtion, pay down into the Hands of such Officer the said Penalty in which he or (he shall be so convicted, to be applied in Manner herein-after directed; and if any such Workman* Servant, Labourer, or other Perfon so convicted, shall not forthwith pay down the said Penalty, the said Juftice or Justices shall and he or they is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to commit the Party fix. convicted as aforesaid to the House of Correction for the said County,

Riding,

AJ).i8o8

4I0 GEO. III.	C.	74,	339

Riding, Division, City or Liberty respectively, there to remain to he , kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Twelve Months, to t be reckoned from the Day of such Convidtion ; and the Perfon so con* vidted shall not be discharged until he or (he shall have paid the said *

Penalty, or until the Expiration of the Time lor which such Commit* ment was made.

XV.	4 And whereas Doubts have arisen whether any Appeal lies,

* in certain Cases, relating to or concerning the making of Malt, or 4 the Duties on Malt, or any Penalty or Forfeiture relating to the 4 fame, from any Judgment, Order, or Determination, or any Con*

4 vidtion of Judices of the Peace, to the Ju dices assembled at the

4 Quarter Seilions of the Peace ; for obviating which Doubts/ be it

declared and further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Perfon or Appetl given

Perfoti8 who shall find himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by di« Quarter

any Judgment, Order, Determination, or Convidtion of any Judice or

Juft ices of the Peace, in any Cafe relating to or concerning the making reVaxin^ u^IVTnlt

of Malt, or any of the Duties on Malt, or any Penalty or* For- orMdtJXuk*.

feiture relating to the fame, to appeal from such Judgment, Order,

Determination, or Convidtion, to the Justices assembled at the next

General Quarter Scfiions of the Peace to be holden for the County,

Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, or Place in which such Judgment shall have been given, or Order, Determination, or Convidtion made 3 which said Judices of the Peace, or the major Part of them so aifem-bled, are hereby empowered to hear and finaUy determine of and con* ceming the Truth of the Fadts and Merits of the Cafe in quedion between the Parties, to such Judgment, Order, Determination, or Convidtion respectively 5 and if at such Quarter Seflions any Defedt Sefl»ofi» m*v or Defe&s of Form mall be found in such Proceedings before the Judice or Judices who gave such original Judgment, Order, Deter- *orm# mination, or Convidtion, then and in every such Cafe such Defedt or Defers of Form shall or may be redtified and amended by the Order or Orders of such Judices or the major Part of them to af* flembled at such Quarter Seflions, any Thing herein or in any other Adt or Adts contained to the contrary in anywise notwithdanding; and no Writ of Certiorari shall be allowed or brought to fet aside any No Certwrari. Determination or Order of the said Judices of the Peace or the major Part of them so assembled at such Quarter Seflions: Provided Seflions shall always, that upon every such Appeal the said Judices so assembled «-h*sr die at such Quarter Seflions shall and do proceed to re-hear, re-examine, and re-confidcr the Truth of the Fadts and the Merits of the Cafe in quedion between the Parties to such original Judgment, Order, Determination, or Convidtion, and to re-examine thereto upon Oath the fame Witnefles or any of them, and no other, who shall have been before examined upon Oath as Witnefles before the Judice or Judices of the Peace at the original hearing, on which the Judgment, Order, Determination, or Convidtion so appealed from, was given or made.

XVI. 4 And whereas some of the .Penalties imposed by an Adt, 13 #\nn. A. 1.

4 passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majedy Queen c. 2.

* Anne, among other Things, for granting to Her Majedy Duties 1 upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 4 One thousand seven hundred and thirteen ; and another Adt passed 4 in this Seflion of Parliament, intituled. An A8 for continuing to His 46 G. 3. c. 2.

4 Majesty certain Duties on MAt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great 1 Britain, and on Penfions and Offices in England 3 and for repealing fo

4 much

A«D( i8o8<

' Penalty for not

making Monthly Entry; lOOl. \injlcad of \qL wider §4 qf 12 Ann.]

Penalty for concealing Malt, 2001.

• [wjtcad nf l os. per Buflid under of 12 Ann.]

Penalty for erecting Cittern* &c. without Notice, 20ol. [itijiead of 50 /. under §36 of 12 Awl]

Penalty for forcing together in il»* Cistern, &c. Corn making into Malt, 1001#

Inereafe of Quantity conclusive Evidence of •EraudU *

C. 74.’	48°	GEO. HI.

*	much of certain Alts as relate to certain Duties of Sixpence and One

*	Shilling refpeQively on Offices and Penjiorts ; and for regranting thefaid

*	Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling refpeSLivciy, and the fond other

*	Duties for the Service of the Tear One thousand eight hundred and eight,

*	have been found infumcient, and it is expedient that they should be

*	increased Be it therefore enacted, That every Maltfter or Maker of Malt shall monthly and every Month make a true Entry at the next Office of Excife, of all the Malt by him, her, or them made in such Month refpediveiy, on pain of forfeiting every Negled to make any such Entiy the Sum of One hundred Pounds in lieu and in-Head of the Sum of Ten Pounds mentioned in the said Ad passed in the said Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her said late Majesty Queen Anne.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Maltfter or Maker of Malt shall fraudulently hide, conceal, or convey any Malt, or any Corn or Grain making into Malt, from the Sight or view of the Gauger or Gaugers, or Officer or Officers of Excife appointed to take an Account of the fame, or under whose Survey such Maltfter or Maker of Malt shall then be, the Perfon or Perfons offending therein shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, in lieu and instead of the Sum of Ten Shillings per 'Bufhcl imposed by the fayl Ad passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her said late Majesty Queen Anne.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That no Maltfter or Maker of Malt shall ered or fet up, alter or enlarge or make use of any Ciftera, Uting Fat, Utenfil or other Veffel for the wetting or steeping any Barley, or other Com or Grain for the making of Malt, or of any Kiln, Floor, Room, or other Place for the making or keeping of Malt, or keeping of Corn or Grain making into Malt, without first giving Notice thereof in Writing at the next Office of Excife, on pain to forfeit for every such Cittern, Uting Fat, Utenfil or other Veffel, Kiln, Floor, Room, or other Place so erected, fet up, altered, enlarged, or made use of without such Notice as aferesaid, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, in lieu and instead of the Sum of Fifty Pounds mentioned in the said Ad, passed in the Twelfth Year of tne Reign of Her said late Majesty Queen Anne.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That if any Maltfter or Maker of Malt shall tread, ram, or otherwise force together in the Cittern, Uting Fat, or Couch, any Com or Grain steeping or steeped in order to the making thereof into Malt, every such Maltfter or Maker of Malt shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, instead of thei Sum of Five Shillings for every Buftiel of Com or Grain steeping or steeped, that shall be so trodden, rammed, or otherwise forced together, mentioned in the said Ad of the present Seffion of Parliament; and if any Corn or Grain in any Cittern, Uting Fat, or Couch, steeping or steeped in order to the making thereof into Malt, by any Maltfter or Maker of Malt, is or shall be found so hard, close, and compact, as it could not be unless the fame had by some Means or other been forced together to prevent the rising and swelling thereof, every Maltfter or Maker of Malt, where the fame shall be so found, shall in every such Cafe forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds ; and if on any Supcrvifor or other Officer of Excife in Great Britain, or any Perfon or Perfons employed by any such Superyifor or Officer for that Purpose, in the Prefence of fuch

Maltitci

A.D.i8o8<

48° GEO. III.	C.74,	241

Maltfter or Maker of Malt, or his, her, or their Servant (if such Maltfter or Maker of Malt, or Servant, shall think fit to be predent at such Operation) throwing or removing the Corn or Grain from or out of any Couch which such Supervifor or Officer shall suspect to have been trodden, rammed, or otherwise forced together, and returning or throwing such Corn or Grain back again into the Couch, and laying the fame level in such Couch, any Increafe shall be found exceeding the *

Rate of One Bu(hel in every Twenty Bulhels over and above the Quantity which the said Corn or Gram appeared to be by the previous Gauge thereof taken in the Couch before the said Com or Grain was thrown out as aforesaid, then and in every such Cafe, Proof being made of such Increafe as aforesaid, the fame shall be deemed conclu-five Evidence that such Maltfter or Maker of Malt did tread, ram, or otherwise force together the said Cora or Grain in the Couch, or that the fame was To hard, close, and compast, as it could not be unless the fame had by some Means or other been forced together to prevent the riling and swelling thereof, and shall fubieft the Maltfter or Maker of Malt to the said Penalty of One hunared Pounds.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That if any Maltfter or Maker of Penalty on Malt shall fraudulently convey away, or cause or procure, or permit fraudulently or suffer to be conveyed away from the Cistern, Uting Fat, or other re?nOT1I£?f • wetting Place or Utenfil, any Steeping or Part of any Steeping of jrf’cJJJn mak!^* Corn or Grain making into Malt, and shall mix such Corn or Grain into Malt, 200!. so conveyed away with and amongst any Couch or Couches, Floor or [m/leadof \ooL Floors of other Corn or Grain making into Malt, which are or shall ***** 48	3-

be then depending and in Operation, and which has or have been gauged or charged with the Duty in the Couch; or if any Maltfter or Maker of Malt shall fraudulently convey away, or cause or procure or permit or suffer to be conveyed away from the Cistern, Uting Fat, or other wetting Place or Utenfil, any Steeping or Part of any Steeping of Corn or Grain making into Malt, so that no Gauge of such Cora or Grain so conveyed away can be taken in the Couch by the Officer, then and in each of the said Cafes every such Maltfter or Maker of Malt so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, instead and in lieu of the Sum of One hundred Pounds mentioned in the said Afti palled in this Seffion of Parliament.

XXI.	Aad be it further enacted, That the said several Penalties Incretfcd of One hundred Pounds, Two hundred Pounds, Two hundred Penalties (under Pounds, One hundred Pounds, and Two hundred Pounds, refpec-	l8*

tively by this A A irapofed in lieu and instead of the said lesser Pe- 19> nalties respectively, herein-before mentioned, shall be and the said feve-ral Penalties of One hundred Pounds, Two hundred Pounds, Two hundred Pounds, One hundred Pounds, and Two hundred Pounds, respectively are hereby made perpetual; any Thing in the said Aft pasted in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her said late Majesty Queen Anne, or in the said Aft of this Seffion of Parliament, or in any other Aft or Afts of Parliament, to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

■ XXII. And be it further enacted. That every Conviftion by or Form of before any Justices of the Peace for any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Couvi&ion. Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, by this or any other Aft of Parliament relating to the Duties of Excife on Malt imposed, may be made in the Form following j to wit,

48 Geo III.	R	«BE

^k*13« i8o8.

•4*	'	C.	74*	4ft*	GEO.	III.

4 DE it remembered. That on tlie	Day	of

*	X) in the Year of our Lord

*4 A. B. was, on the Complaint of C. D. he the said C. D• then and 4 there being an Officer of Excife, convicted before us, Two of the 4 Justices of the Peace for the County of	[or9

*	fbr the Riding or Divifion of the County of

4 or for the City, Liberty, Diftrid, or Town of

4 as the Cafe shall happen to be~] in the Penalty of

4 in pursuance of an Ad made in the

4 Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for

4 [as the Cafe may Given under our Hands and Seals the Day

4 and Year first above written.*

Mai tilers shall dear Duties every Fortnight s except when Security is given for clearing every Four Months.

Penalty on

obftru&ing

Officers, 1001.

XXIII.	* And whereas the Duties on Malt have been greatly

•	evacted, and the Revenue considerably diminiftied, by indigent and ‘ obfeure Perfons who have become Makers of Malt, having fold off ‘ their Effeds andabfeonded before the Duties charged on luch Per-‘ fons respectively for or in respect of the Malt by them made, have

*	become payablefor Remedy whereof be it further enacted, That all and every Maltfter or Maltfters or Maker or Makers of Malt for Sale, shall within the Space of Fourteen Days next after he, (he, or they shall or ought to have made such Entry as is required and directed in and by the said Ad of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Annef pay and clear off all the Duties which shall have been charged upon, and which shall remain unpaid from and by such Maltfter or Maltfters or Maker or Makersof Malt,for or in respect of any Malt, by him, her, or them made $ unless such Maltfter or Maltrcers or Maker or Makers of Malt shall have given Security, approved of by the Commiffionera of Excife, or the Perfon or Perfons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that Purpose, by Bond in Double the Value of the Duties, which such Commif-fioners of Excife, or such Perfon or Perfons as aforesaid, shall judge likely to arise, be charged on and become due from such Maltfter or Maltfters or Maker or Makers of Malt, within any Five Months, for the due Payment at the End of evexy Four Months from and after the Day on which such Maltfter or Maltfters or Maker or Makers of Malt shall or ought to have made such Entry as aforesaid, of all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall arise or he charged on and become due from such Maltfter or Maltfters or Maker or Makers of Malt; and if any Maltfter or Maltfters or Maker or Makers of Malt, who shall not have given such Security as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay and clear off at the End or Expiration of such Fourteen Days all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall arise, be charged on, or become due as aforesaid, every luch Maltfter or Maltfters or Maker or Makers of Malt, shall for every such Offence forfeit Double the Sum of the Duty or Duties whereof the Payment shall be so neglected or refused $ any Thing in this or any other A d or Ads of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons shall a (Fault, oppose, molest, obstruct, or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excife in the due Execution of this Ad, or of any of the Powers or Authorities to him or them by this Ad given or granted, the Perfon or Perfons so offending shall for each and every luch Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXV. A&4

*43

48° GEO. III.	C.	74,75.

XXV.	And be it farther enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Aft imposed, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excife, or bv Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVrjlminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them, who shall inform, discover, or sue for the fame.

XXVI.	And be it furrher enacted, That all and every the Powers, Dire&ions, Rales, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things which, in and by an Aft made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An AQ for taking away the Court of IVards and Liveries and Tenures in capite9 and by Knights Service and Purveyance, andfor settling a Re-venue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof, or by any other Aft now in force relating to His Majefty’s Revenue of Excife, and established for managing, raising, levying, collesting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, other than in such Cafes for which other Penalties dr Provi-fions are made and prescribed by this Aft, shall be practised, used, and put in Execution in and for the Purpofes of this Aft as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Direftions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enafted in this pre-fent Aft.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That this Aft shall commence and take effect from and immediately after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight.

C A P. LXXV.

An A& for providing suitable Interment in Church-yards or Parochial Burying Grounds in England, for such dead Human Bodies as may be end on Shore from the Sea, in Cafes of Wreck or otherwise.	[18th June 1808.]

•	TTTHEREAS no Provifion hath yet been made by the Laws 4 VV now in force for providing suitable Interment in Church-yards ‘ or Parochial Burying Grounds, for such dead Human Bodies as may 4 be cast on Shore from the Sea by Wreck or otherwise, in that Part

•	of the United Kingdom called England: And whereas it is expedient that Provifion ftiould be made for the decent Interment of fuch

•	Bodies;’*May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aiTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Aft, the Churchwarden and Churchwardens, Overfeer and Overfeers of the Poor for the Time being of the respective Pari flies throughout England, in which any dead Human Body or dead Human Bodies mall be found thrown in or cast on Shore from the Sea, bv Wreck or otherwise, shall and lie and they is and are hereby required,

R 2	upon

Recovery and Application oi Penalties.

Power* of 12 Car. 2. c. 24. See. relating to Excife, extended to thu Aft.

126.

Commencement' of Aft s July 1808.

Churchwarden*, &c. of the Plaee where any dead Body shall be cast on Shove shall cause the iaineto be removed and' interred.

v

a a

A.D.i8o8

?44

Minifter of the ParUhlhall perform the Funeral Service, &c.

Bernard of 5i.

to Perfons civinj Notice to nrifh Officer# of

Bodies cast on Shore.

Penalty of 5l. on Perfons finding dead Bodies and not giving Notice.

C. jj.	48°	GEO. HI*

upon Notice to him or them given that any such Body or Bodies are thrown 111 or cast on Shore by the Sea, and is or are lying within the Bounds of the Parifh for which he or they shall be Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Qverfeer ®r Overfeers of the Poor, to caufc the fame to be forthwith removed to some convenient Place, and with all convenient Speed to cause such Body or Bodies to be decently interred in the Church-yard or Burial Ground of such Parifh, so that the Expences attending on such Burial do not exceed the Sum which at that Time is allowed in such Parifh for the Burial of any Perfon or Perfons buried at the Expencc of such Parifh : Provided always, that in cafe any such Body or Bodies shall be thrown in or cast on Shore from the Sea in any Extra-parochial Place where there is no Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overfeer or Overfeers of the Poor, then and in every such Cafe the Constable or Headborough of such Place shall, on Notice being given to him that such Body or Bodies is or are lying in such Extra-parochial Place, forthwith cause such Body or Bodies to be removed to some convenient Place, and with all convenient Speed cause the fame to be buried in such and the like Manner as the Churchwardens and Overfeers within En+* land are hereby required to bury such Body or Bodies.

II.	And be it further enacted, That every Minifter, Parifh Clerk, and Sexton of such respective Parifhes shall perform their several and respective Duties in such and the like Manner as is customary in other Funerals, and shall admit of such Body or Bodies being interred in such Church-yards or Burial Grounds without any improper Lofs of Time, receiving for the fame, by way of Compensation, such and the like Sums as m Cafes of Burials made at the Expence of such Parifhes.

III.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons shall find any such Body or Bodies cast on Shore from the Sea by Wreck or otherwise, and shall within Six Hours thereafter give Notice thereof to some one of the Churchwardens or Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifh for the Time being in which such Body or Bodies {hall be found, or to the Constable or Headborough for the Time being, in cafe such Body or Bodies shall be found in any Extra-parochial Place, or cause such Notice to be left at his or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, then and in every such Cafe such Perfon or Perfons shall receive the Sum of Five Shillings for his, her, or their Trouble, such Sum to be forthwith paid to the Perfon or Perfons first giving such Notice only ; but nevertheless that no greater Sum than Five Shillings shall be paid for any One Notice, altnough there may be a greater Number of such Bodies than One.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons shall find any such Body or Bodies cast on Shore from the Sea by Wreck or otherwise, and shall not within Six Hours thereafter give Notice to some one of the Churchwardens or Overfeers of the Poor of the Pari(h for the Time being in which such Body or Bodies shall be found, or to the Constable or Headborough for the Time being, in cafe such Body or Bodies shall be found in any Extra-parochial Place, or cause such Notice to be left at his or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, then and in every Cafe such Perfon or Perfons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

V. And

A.D.i8o8<

48° GEO. III.	C.	75.	245

V.	And be it further enacted, That all necessary and proper Exp<nc«(hJl

Payments, Cofts, Charges, and Expences which shall be made or in- P81*1^ ty curred in or about the Execution of this Aft, shall be made and paid	^

by the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overfeer or Overseers, .	*

Conftable or Headborough for the Time being of such refpeftive

Parifhes and Places as aforesaid.

VI.	€ And, for the Purpofe of reimbursing him or them all such Churchwarden*,

• Payments, Cofts; Charges, and Expences/ be it further enacted, g^. shall be That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one Juflice of the rciinburfed by Peace for the County or Place within that Part of the United King- Treasurer of the dom called England, in which any such Body or Bodies shall have been	°n

fo removed and buried as aforesaid, by any Writing under his Hand, to order and direft the Treasurer for such County to pay such Sum or Sums of Money to such Churchwarden and Churchwardens, Overfeer and Overseers, Constable or Headborough, for his or their Cofts and Expences in or about the Execution of this Aft (after the fame shall have been duly verified on Oath) as to the said Juflice shall seem reasonable and necefTary; and such Treasurer shall and he is hereby authorized and required forthwith to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so ordered and directed to be paid to the Perfon or Per-fons empowered to receive the fame; and such Treasurer shall be allowed the fame in his Accounts.	,

VII.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That in cafe any such Penalty on

Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overfeeror Overseers, Constable or	Offirm

Headborough, shall refuse or neglect to remove or cause to be re- nc^,t',Ct‘npto moved such Body or Bodies from the Sea Shore to some convenient	**

Place prior to the Interment thereof, for the Space of Twelve Hours ’ ‘ after luch Notice given to him or them, .or left in Writing at his or,

their last or usual Place or Places of Abode by any Perfon or Per-fons whomsoever, or shall neglect or refuse to perform the several other Duties required of him and them by this Aft, then and if) . every such Cafe every such Churchwarden or Overseer, Constable or Headborough, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures Recoveiy and which shall be incurred under this Aft, if not paid on Conviftion, Application of shall be levied and recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Penaltic8* Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand

and Seal of any Juflice of the Peace for the County or Place where * the Offence shall happen (which Warrant such Juflice is hereby empowered to grant on the Confeffion of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witnefs upon Oath) and the Surplus of the Money arising by such Diftrefs and Sale shall be returned on De-mand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Cofts and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distress; and such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers; and in cafe sufficient Diftrefs shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful tq and for such Juslice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correftion of such County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, nor less than Fourteen Days, uqlefs such Penal-

R 3	ties

*46	C. 75. 48° GEO. in. A*D.	1808;

ties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Re-covery thereof, shall be sooner fully paid and fatished.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Conviftion shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Aft or againff any Order of Seflions, or any Matter in pursuance of this Aft, the Form of Conviftion shall be in the Words or to the Effeft following) (that is to fay,)

Form of	* T>E it remembered, That on this Day	of

ConriAion. « X) in the	Year	of	the Reign of

4 A. B. is convicted before	One	of	His

* MajeftyY Justices of the Peace for the *	of	having	£ai

4 the Offence shall be~\ and I the faid	do	adjudge	him

4 for them] to forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum of 4 Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year aforefaid/

Appeal to die X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Perfon or Quarter Seflkms. perfon8 shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Judgment or Determination, or by any Matter or Thing done in

Surluance of this Aft, such Perfon or Perfons may appeal to the uftices of the Peace at the first General or Quarter Seflions of the Peace to be holden for the County or Place (within which the Matter of Appeal shall arife) next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Perfon or Perfons appealing having first given Ten Days Notice at least of his or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Perfon or Perfons so appealed against, and forthwith after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Juftice of the Peace for such County or Place, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal and abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices at such Scf-fions, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recoguizance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and to award such Cofts to either of the Parties, or otherwise, as they (hail judge proper; and the said Justices may if they fee Caufc mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and may also order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable; and all such Determinations ot the said Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

Proceedings shall XI. And be it further enacted, That where any Diftrefs shall be jot ** **“??!** made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Aft, the want Form, jjjftpgfg itfeif shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the fame be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers on account of any Defeft or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distrained be deemed a Treipaffer or Trefpaffers ah initio, on account of any Irregularity that shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining, but the Perfon or Perfons aggrieved by iuch Irregularity, shall and may recover full 6atisfaftion for the special Damage in an Aftion upon the Cafe. Penalties, **e. XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That all Penal-Jhall be ptid by ties and Expences attendant thereon, which shall be incurred under ^ti^r^nd108 P*°vifi°n8 thu Aft, shall be paid and borne by the Perfon ®ot by the Farifk.	4

L___L

48° GEO. III. C«7jf 7^, 77.

or Perfons incurring the fame, and that the PariAi or Place wherein such Perfon or Perfons ought to have acted in the Duties prescribed by this Aft shall be wholly exempted therefrom.

XIII.	4 Whereas in Cafes of dead Wrecks, wherein no living Per*

*	fon is found, or Owner known, the Lords of Manors on which any

*	fuch dead Body or dead Bodies may be waftted in, and who are 4 entitled to Wreck there, have usually paid a small Fee for the pla-4 cing such Body or Bodies in the Ground in the State in which the 4 fame have been found, and such Payments have been adduced and 4 admitted as Proof on Trials at Common Law of the Right of fuch

*	Lords of Manors to Wrecks in such Manors be it therefore en-acted, That in all and every such Cafes it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Lord or Lords of any Manpf or Manors throughout England to pay or cause to be paid to the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overfeer or Overseers, Constable or Headborough of such respective Parities and Places as aforesaid, such and the like Sums as he or they was or were heretofore accustomed to pay for the placing any such Body or Bodies into the Ground as aforesaid; such Sums to go in part Payment and Difcharge of the Coils and Ex-pences to be incurred in or about the Execution of this Aft, and Credit to be given for the fame by such Overseers, Churchwardens, Constable or Headborough, in their Accounts with the County to which such Accounts shall he submitted $ any Thing in this Ad to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV.	‘ And, for defraying the Expences of the Removal and

*	Burial of such Body or Bodies as aforesaid, and all other Expences,

‘ necessary for the Execution of this AH,9 be it further enacted. That the Justices of the Peace at the General or Quarter Seflions may cause such Sums of Money as shall be necessary for all or any of the ’ Purpofes aforesaid, to be raised in the fame Manner as Rates are di* reded to be. raised by an Ad, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Georg§ the Second, intituled. An AS for tie more easy ajfejjtng, colleSingt and levying of County Rates*

CAP. LXXVI.

An Aft for raffing the Sum of Ten Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities. [18th June 1808.]

“ Every Contributor of 100/. shall be entitled to a Principal of 'f‘ 118/. 3/. fid* in the Four per Cents.$ from 5 April 1808. § 1.—• “ Duties under 46 G. 3. c. 65. shall not be charged on First Half-“ Year Dividends. $ 8.—Treafury may remit to Ireland 2,500,000/. “ $20.—-To be provided for in Ireland. § 12.—Forging Receipts “ for Contributions, Felony without Clergy. § 24.—Bank of England “ shall continue a Corporation till Annuities under this Aft shall cease. § 25.”

547

Lords of Msnon, See. shall pay the fame Fee as heretofore oo interring d«fd Bodies, &e»

Expences of Interment shall be raised as County Rates under

12 Geo. 2. c. 29.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Aft to enable His Majesty to veil the Right of Appointment of Mailer of the Free School of Londonderry in the ' City and County of Londonderry, in the Biihop of Derry for the Time being.	[18th	June 1808.]

R 4	‘	WHEREAS

248

A«U • 18081

His Mqjefty may grant to the Difhop of Deny the Right of appointing a Mafttr to the Free School of Deny.

Such Appoint* meut Audi be lubjed to the Approbation of Lord Lieutenant.

The Duties following shall J>e paid* viz.

C. 77, 78*

48° GEO. in.

4 YY7HEREAS there 19 and has been for a Series of Years 'a

*	W School called a Free School in the City of Londonderry in € the County of Derry, and the Right of nominating and appoint*

*	ing a Mailer to the said Free School has been heretofore exercifed

*	by His Majesty and His Predeceffors: And whereas His Majesty,

*	on the humble Application of the Lord Biihop of Derry, has been

*	gracioufly pleased to signify His Royal Will and Pleasure, that fo

*	far as His Majefty’s Intereft is concerned the said Right of nomi-

*	nating and appointing a Mafter to the said Free School should be

*	abfolutely veiled in the Lord Biihop of Derry for the Time being; 4 May it tnerefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the lame. That from and after the pacing of this A61, it {hall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, His Heirs and Suc-ceifors, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, called Ireland\ to grant unto the Lord Biihop of Derry for the Time being, and his Succeifors, the said Right of nominating and appointing a Mailer to the said Free School of Derry in the said City and County of Lon-donderry, freed and discharged from all Claim, Right and Title of His Maiefly, His Heirs ana SucceiTors.

II.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Appointment of a Mafter to the laid Free School by the Lord Biihop of Derry for the Time being, or his SucceiTors, shall be subject to the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or Governor or Governors of Ire• land for the Time being, testified by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, and that all such Appointments as shall not receive such Approbation as aforesaid shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and in such. and the like Manner in all Refpefts as if the fame had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXVIIL

An A£l to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Malt made in Ire-land> and upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland; and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof.

[23d June 1808.]

* Moil Gracious Sovereign,

* YT7Your Majefty’s moil dutiful and loyal Subjedts the Coni-4 W mons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ 4 in Parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies, have 4 freely and voluntarily resolved, to give and grant unto Your Majesty 4 the Duties herein-after mentioned, and do most humbly bcfeecn 4 Your Majesty that it may be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That within and through that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, there shall be granted, raised, levied, colle6led, paid, and Satisfied unto and to the Ufe of His Majesty, His Heirs and Suc-ceffors, the several Duties herein-after mentioned; (that is to fay,)

5	For

A.D.i6o8.	48°	GEO.	III.	C. 78.

For and upon every Barrel of Malt ground or unground, which at any Time or Times from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, - shall be made of Barley, or any other Corn or Grain in Ireland, by any Perfon or Perfona whatsoever, whether the fame shall be or (hall! not be for Sale, or for which any Malt (ter shall be chargeable by Law, the Sum of Ten Shillings BrUiJb Currency 5 and io proportionably for a greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereo respectively:

For and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vitas, Strong Waters, or Spirits, which at any Time from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, shall be made or diffcilled in Ireland, from Corn malted or unmalted, by any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever, or for which any Diftiller shall be chargeable by Lav, the Sum of Four Shillings Britlfb Currency; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the first Maker or Diftiller thereof:

And also for and upon every Six Gallons of Aqua Vitas, Strong Waters, or Spirits, which at any Time or Times from and after the said Twenty-ninth Day of September One thouland eight hundred and eight, shall be made or di(tilled in Ireland, from Corn malted or unmalted, by any Perfon or Perfons wbomsoever, or for which any Diftiller shall be chargeable by Law, the further Sum of Ten Shillings Brittjb Currency; and so proportionably for a greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the first Maker or Diftiller of such Aqua Vitss, Strong Waters, or Spirits:

And also for and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vitas, Strong Waters, or Spirits, which at any Time or Times from and after the pafliiiy of this Aft, shall be made or distilled in Ireland, from Sugar, by any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever, or for which any Diftiller shall be chargeable by Law, an Excife Duty of Five Shillings and Elevenpence Halfpenny British Currency, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the first Maker or Diftiller thereof:

All which said Duties on Spirits shall be in lieu and full Satisfaftion of all Duties granted on the fame by any former Aft or Afta of Parliament, except fuch^Duties as have been or shall or may be granted or imposed for certain local Purpofes in Ireland by any Aft or Afts of Parliament, and which Duties are or may be appropriated to such local Puiposes, by the Afts by which the said Duties are or may be respectively granted or imposed, or by any other Aft or Afts.

“ Duty on Spirits in Difttiler’s Stock, See. 10d. per Gallon addi-u tional, from the 10th of June 1808 5 and on any Increafe between “ that Day and 29th September 1808.—The like Duty on Home-made u Spirits in Retailer’s Stock on 10th June 1808.—The like Duty “ on Foreign Spirits in Stock, 10th June 1808.—Provided Re-“ tailers, &c. have 30 Gallons in the whole.—Duty not to attach “ on compounded Spirits.—Warehoufed Spirits taken out for Home “ Confumption after 10th of Juney 4/. 10 d. per Gallon in lieu w of former Duties. $ 2.”

III.	* And whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the Provifions of * the Afts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, that in respect ? of the Duties by this Aft imposed on Malt and Spirits made in Ireland,

*49

On Malt made after 29th Sept. 1808, 10a. per Barrel.

Corn-Spirits 4s. per Galion; from 29th Sept. loot*.

Further Duty on Com-Spirits l Os. for every Sue Gallons from 29ihSept. 1608.

Sugar Spirits 5*. 11 Jd. per* Gallon after paifiug (he A$.

In lieu of former Duties on Spirits* except under Local A£u.

A.D.i8oS<



Coanterviitiog Putin no BritHh Beer and Englifli Spirits imported into Ireland.

On Beer or Ale 7*. 8 Id. Britifli, per Barrel, after 29th Scpt«l 808*

Englifli Com Spirits 5s. 8d. after 10th June 1808.

Englift Sugar Spirits 8s. 5d. after puffing the

a a.

Equivalent Drawbacks on Irilh Beer and Spirits (not warehoused) exported to Great Britaih and England.

Drawbacki on Exportation of Beer and Spirits (not warehoused) to Foreign Parts.

Boer 7s. «{d. par Barrel.

Corn Spirits 5s. 8d. per Gallon.

C. 78#	480	GEO.	Ill*

‘ land, CountemuEog Duties (houldf.be charged upon Beer or Ale,

‘ made in Great Britain, and on Spirits made in England and refpec-4 tivdyimported from thence into Ireland* Sufficient to countervail the 4 (aid Duties on Malt and Spirits made in Ireland under this Ad ;* be it therefore enacted, That there shall be charged on all such Beer, or Ale, and Spirits, the several Countervailing Duties following, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Countervailing Duties whatever, pay-able upon such Beer or Ale, or Spirits, under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland* immediately before the palling of this Ad; (that is to fay,)

For and upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale containing Thirty-two Galions, brewed or made in Great Britain* and which shall be imported from thence into Ireland at any Time after the said Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Sum of Seven Shillings and Eight-pence One Farthing Britljh Currency:

For and upon every Gallon of Spirits made or di(tilled from Corn or Grain in England, and which shall be imported from thence into Ireland at any Time after the said Tenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Sum of Five Shillings and Eight* pence British Currency: And For and upon every Gallon of Spirits made or distilled from Sugar in England, and which shall be imported from thence into Ireland at any Time after the palling of this Aft, the Sum of Eight Shillings and Five-pence Brittjfh Currency.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That on the Exportation fropt Ireland to Great Britain of Beer or Ale brewed or made in Ireland* and on the Exportation from Ireland to England of Spirits diftiiled in Ireland* and for which the Duties payable under this Aft shall have been fully paid and (atisfied, and which Spirits shall not have been warehoused in Ireland* there shall respectively be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duties by this Aft granted on Beer or Ale made in Great Britain* and on Spirits diftiiled in England* and imported from thence respectively into Ire• land; in lieu of all Drawbacks payable under or by virtue of any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland immediately before the palling of this Aft, in respect of such Beer or Ale or Spirits respectively exported from Ireland to Great Britain or England respectively.

V.	And be it further enacted, That in lieu and instead of all former Drawbacks on Beer or Ale or Malt made or Spirits diftiiled in Ireland\ and exported to any other Place than Great Britain, every Perfon who shall export to any other Place than Great Britain Beer or Ale made or brewed in Ireland, or Spirits diftiiled in Ireland* on which the Duties imposed by this Aft shall have been respectively paid, an<} which Spirits shall not be so exported from Wareboufe in Ireland* shall be entitled to and shall receive for every Barrel of such Beer or Ale the Sum of Seven Shillings and Eight-pence One Farthing Britifb Currency; and for every Gallon of Rich Spirits made or diftiiled from Com malted or unmalted, of a Strength not exceeding One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, a Drawback of Five Shillings and Eight-pence British Currency, and so in Proportion for any greater Degree of Strength; and for every Gallon of iucK Spirits made or diftiiled from Sugar, of a Strength not exceeding Oue to Ten over Hy-

dromctc?

A.D. 1808.	48°	GEO-	III.	C.78.

drometer Proof, a Drawback of Eight Shillings and Five-pence Briti/b Currency, and so in Proportion for any greater Degree of Strength ; and that every Perfon who shall export, to any other Place than Great Britain, Malt made in Ireland, on which the Duties imposed by this Ad shall have been paid, shall be* entitled unto and shall receive for every Barrel thereof the Sum of Ten Shillings Briti/b Currency ; which Drawbacks shall be paid by the Colle&or of Inland Excife and Taxes of the Diftridl from which such Malt or Beer or Ale or Spirits shall be exported* out of any Money hi his Hands, on such Certificate from the Collcdor, Comptroller, or oth*r Chief Of** ficer of the Port from whence the fame shall be exported, as is required by an Ad made in the Forty-Xeventh Year of His present Majefty's Reign, intituled. An A8 to vrant to Hit Majesty, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, certain Duties j>n the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation. of certain Goods. Wares, and Merchandize, into and from Ireland, in cufe of Drawbacks on Exportation of Goods in relped of any Internal Duty of Excife paid thereon: Provided, that no such Drawback shall be paid or Allowance of Duty made unless the Perfon rcfpe&ively who export such Beer or Ale, Spirits or Malt, shall make Oath that the full Duties on account of which such Drawback is required have been fully paid and satisfied, and shall also perform all iuch Requisites, and comply with such Regulations and Reftridions as are or shall be required to be performed and observed, by Perfons exporting any Article whereon any Drawback or Bounty is payable, for obtaining the fame.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That for and upon every Gallon of Spirits made or distilled from Corn malted or unmalted in Ircland9 which shall have paid the said Duty of Ten-pence for every Gallon by this Ad imposed, and which shall have been warehoused in Ireland before the (aid Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, and which (ball be entered for Exportation from Ireland to England or elsewhere, (except Scotland,) there shall be allowed and given a Drawback of One Shilling and Eight pence, Briti/b Currency, and no more; and that sots and upon every Gallon of Spirits which shall be diRilled from Sugar in Ireland, and which shall be warehoused in Ireland, and exported from thence to England, or elsewhere,*( except Scotland,) there shall be allowed and given a Drawback of Two Shillings and Five-pence Halfpenny, Britt/b Currency, and no more; which said Drawbacks shall be paid in like Manner, and under the like Reftri&ions, as are by this A& dire died with respect to other Drawbacks on Spirit$ exported. -

VII.	And be it further enacted, That as well the said Duty of Four Shillings per Gallon on Spirits made from Com malted or un-maltcd, as alio the said additional Duty of Ten Shillings for every Six Gallons of Spirits diililled from Corn malted or unmalted, and like-wife the said Duty of Five Shillings and Eleven-pence Half-penny per Gallon on Spirits made or diddled from Sugar, by this Adi re-fpedlively imposed, shall be respectively charged on every Dilliller, in respect of the Quantity of Spirits which shall be made or diililled by such Dilliller, or for which such Dilliller shall be chargeable by Law; to be computed, afeertained, and charged in such Manner, and under iuch Regulations, Diredlions, and Provisions, as are contained in *n AGt made in the Forty-fixth Year of His piefent Majcdy’s

Reign,

as*

Sugar Spirits 8a. 5d. (at 1 to 10, and Coin Proportion.) Malt 10a. pec Barrel.

47 0.3. Seff.S. e. 16. § 7.

Drawbacks on

Com Spirits having paid additional Duty, and warehoused before 29th Sept. 1808, and exported to England or elsewhere, ls.Bd« per Gallon.

On all Sugar Spirits warehoused 2s. 5-|<L per Gallon. .

Thefeveral Duties on Spirits flail be a Charge on Biftiller too ail Spirits aa under A£U 46 G. 3. c. 88. and 47 G.d. Seff. 2. c. 17. under the Regulation* in those A<*U and this AA.

25»

48* GEO. HI.

A.D. 1808

Duty of 10s. for Six Gallons ihall be chaiged on the first working After 99th Sept.

1800 i

and shall be charged by Otiicers at the End of avery Moolh.

C. 78.

Reign, intituled, An AQ to provide for the regulating and securing the Colledion of the Duties on Spirits dijlilled in Ireland, and the ware-hortjing fnch Spirits for Exportation, and in an Adi made in the Forty-feventh Year of His said Majefty’s Reign, for amending the said recited Adi of the Fony-fixth Year, with respect to the computing, ascertaining, and charging the Duties on Spirits payable at the Time of the palling of the said A&s, or as are contained in this Adi, or may be contained in any Adt or Adis for amending the said recited Adis of the Forty-fixth and Forty-feventh Years, or either of them; and that all and every the CJauses, Rules, Regulations, Reftridlions, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Modes of Recovery thereof, provided, mentioned, and contained iu the said recited A els of the Forty-fixth and Forty-feventh Years aforesaid, with refpedi to any Charges of Duty, or Surcharges, or other Charges on any Distiller, and with refpedi to the warehoufing of any Spirits, shall be applied and put in Pra&ice in making Charges and Surcharges on filch Distiller, in refpedi of the said Duties on Spirits under this Adi, and with refpedi to the warehoufing of any Spirits charged with Duty under this Adi, as fully and effedlually, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, as if all the said Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Reftridlions, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, had been expressly repeated and cnadied in this Adi, except only so far as the faifl Adis are altered by this present Adi, or as the fame may be altered by any other Adi or Adis in force in Ireland*

VIII.	And be it further enadied. That the first Charge on any Diftiller in refpedi of the said Duty of Ten Shillings under this Adi, for every Six Gallons of Spirits made from Com malted or unmalted, shall be made at the End of the first complete Period of Four Weeks or Twenty-eight Days, which shall commence at any Time after the Twentv-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, ^or which any Still of such Diftiller shall by Law be chargeable as working ; and that every future Charge in refpedi of the said Duty, shall be made at the End of each fubiequent Period of Four Weeks or Twenty-eight Days, for which any Still shall by Law be chargeable as working, in Manner herein-after mentioned ; (that is to fay,) the Surveyor or Gauger in Charge of any Diftillery, shall make a Return to the Colledior of the Diitridi for such first Period of Four Weeks or Twenty-eight Days, and so in like Manner a Return for every other or subsequent Period of Four Weeks or Twenty-eight Days, while any Still of any Diftiller shall continue, or be presumed tq continue working, or shall by Law be chargeable as working, and in such Return shall charge such Diftiller after the Rate of One Shilling and Eight pence per Gallon for the full Quantity of Spirits for which such Diftiller shall be chargeable with Duty in refpeA of such Still, or of the Spirits made or ditlilled therein, for every such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty-eight Days, under the Provifions and Regulations of any Adi or Adis in force in Ireland, without any Allowance or Deduction from the said Duty of Ten Shillings, for or in refpedi of the Size of the Still or Stills in which such Spirits shall have been diftillcd; and such Diftiller shall pay the Duty appearing by such Return and Charge to have become due and payable, without any Allowance or Dedudlion, otherwise than is herein-after cx-prcfsly mentioned, within Six Days after such Return and Charge shall have been made, or shall tor every Default forfeit Twenty

Pounds,

*53

A.D. 1808.	41° GEO. III.	C.78.

Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Duty so returned and charged.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That every DiHiller p*,fti]ier charged with the (aid Duty of Ten Shillings for every Six Gallons of iWVe Credit Spirits made from Corn malted or unmalted, after the rate of One (from the Shilling and Eight-pence Galion, in Manner aforesaid, ihall beal- Collector of ill* lowed Credit against the Amount of the said Duty, and in discharge of the fame, at and after the Rate of Ten Shillings Briti/b Currency Gf u>s! fur for each and every Barrel of Malt, whichfhall have been actually used every Barrel of and consumed by such Distiller, in the making and diddling of the Malt proved to Spirits, for which such Charge shall be made, and such Duty shall be ** used % payable: And for that Purpofe it shall be lawful for such Di (tiller to produce to the Surveyor or Gauger in charge of his Diftillery, or other proper Officer or Officers of Excife, on* any Day after the Monday in the Fourth Week of each such Period of Four Weeks, an Account of the Quantity of Malt actually maftied or brewed by such Diililler, within a Period of Four Weeks immediately preceding and ending with such Monday, together with Permits or Certificates for the permitting of such Quantity of Malt into the Ma(h JCeeve of such Distiller; and thereupon, if such Surveyor, Gauger, or Oliver to Officer Officer, shall be satisfied with such Account, such Surveyor, Gauger, Account of Malt or Officer, ihall at the Foot thereof certify his Affeht thereto, and used, to which shall figo his Name and the Date to such Certificate, and the said Ac- tl>c Officer shall count and Certificate shall be taken and accepted after the Rate cenityhisA «uu aforesaid by the Colle&or of the Diftrid, in and towards the Difcharge, and in Part Satisfa&ion of the Monthly Amount of the said Duty of Ten Shillings for every Six Gallons of Spirits 10 charged upon and payable by such Diililler as aforesaid: Provided to Trujl ^ always, that the Diililler by whom or on whose Behalf such Account Account, and Certificate shall be tendered, shall, if thereto required by the Officer to whom the fame shall be so tendered, make Affidavit (orfo. lemn Affirmation if a Quaker)% to the Truth of such Account before such Colle&or ; and on Default or-Refufal of such Diftiller so to do * when thereto required, such Account and Certificate shall not be taken or accepted in Manner aforesaid ; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X.	And be it further e’nacted, That if any Diftiller shall for any penalty o» such Period of Four Weeks for which such Account of the Quantity Diftiller of Malt actually mashed or brewed by such Diftiller (hail be produced receiving Credit as aforesaid, have received Credit, in Manner aforesaid, *for a greater	"	U<*f

Quantity of Malt as being used or consumed by such Diftiller within i^el.0 *** such Period, than such Quantity as shall appear to have been decreased within the said Period in the Stock Account of the Malt made or received by such Distiller; every inch Diftiller shall for every Barrel of such Excefs of Quantity of Malt forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings and so in Proportion for any greater Quantity than a Barrel:

Provided always, that in cafe such Excefs shall not exceed the Proportion of Five per Centum upon such Stock Account, no such Forfeiture or Penalty shall be incurred.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That no Malt shall be removed from’ No M:-> ffitlll* or out of the Stores of any Distiller, or from any other Place, into the removed trum Mill, Diftillery, or Ma(h Keeve of such Diftiller without a Permit; DiftilLn'wiiiiout and that if any Quantity of Malt ground or unground, whether in apcrmu*. ' * •any Procefs of diililling or not, or whether mixed or unmixed with - .	any

A.D.iSoS

354

Penalty, Forfeiture and 40L.

C. 78,79.

48° GEO. III.

Permits (half he delivered to Surveyor, &c. Penalty 20l.

any ground or unground unmalted Com or not, shall be found'in the Mill, Diftillery, or Mafh Keeve of such Distiller, and a Permit for removing the fame into such Mill, Diftillery, or Mafh Keeve, /hall not, on Demand of any Officer of Excife be produced, or Proof made to such Officer that such Permit had been granted for such Malt,and that such Permit was afterwards loft or mistaid, all such Malt, together with all unmalted Com with which such Malt may be mixed, shall be forfeited and may be seized, and such Dilliller/hall forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds Britifb Currency ; and every such Permit shall from Time to Time be delivered by such Diftiller or his Servant to the Surveyor or other proper Officer of Excife in charge of the Diftillery within Twelve flours after the Expiration of tne Time for which the fame shall be of force, or at any Time within such Twelve Hours, on Demand thereof made by such Officer; and if such Permit shall not be delivered to such Officer accordingly, such Diftiller shall forfeit for every Negleft Twenty Pounds Briti/h Currency.

,c Account of the Stock of Spirits in Hand on 10th June shall be taken u by the Excife Officer, and a Return made to the Collector of the ** Diftrift. $ 12. Returns shall be made by Diftiliers, Retailers, “ &c. on Oath, of Stock on Hand on said 10th June. Diftiller* u shall deliver Account of all Increafe of Spirits between 10th June “ and 29th September. Oath to the Truth of Returns. § 13. Duties ‘ u on such Spirits in Stock shall be made on the largest Return, and “ paid within One Month ; or on Removal. § 14. Penalty for Default u of Payment Double Duty and 20/. § 15. Purchafer shall pay Seller u additional Duty on Spirits previuufly fold. § 16. Duties carried to u Irijh Confolidated Fund. § 17. Duties, Drawbacks, and Penalties u under this Aft, shall be levied as other Revenues of Cuftoms and u Excife, under 14 & 15 Car. 2. c. 8. 46 G. 3. r. 106, &c. $ 18. u Aft maybe altered or repealed this Seflion. $ 19.”

45 G. 3. c. 53.

46 G. D. c. 57.

Commifflonew may make Abatements on Charges under 46 G. 3. as they might on those under 45 G. 3.

$30, 31, 32.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Aft to amend the Two Afts for the Collefting of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltfter.

[23d June 1808.3

c T Y7 HEREAS an Aft was made in the Forty-fifth Year of Hi*

*	W present Majetty’s Reign, intituled, An AS for the ColleSion € of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Malt-•Jr* which said recited Aft was amended by an Aft made in the

* Forty-fixth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled,	A8 to amend € an A8 made in the lajl SeJJton of Parliament for the ColleSion of the

•	Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating thcTrade of a Maltjler : And

•	whereas it is expedient to amend the said recited Aft* ;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majessy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or any Four of them, to reduce the Quantity of Malt for which any Maltfter or Maker of Malt is. under the said recited Aft of the Forty-fixth Year chargeable with. Duty during the Continuance of his Licence in any Year, on such Occafions and in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Re-

ftri&ions

AJ). x 808.

48° GEO. m.	c.	79;	«55

ftriftions at the Commissioners of Excife or any Four of them are empowered to reduce any Charge under the faia recited Aft of the Forty-fifth Year, any yearly Charge or other Matter or Thing, in the said recited Aft of the Forty-fixth Year to the contrary notwithstanding.

II.	And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Aft of the Forty-fifth Year as relates to the Dimenfions of any Malt-bouse, Cistern, Growing Floor, Kiln Floor, or Couch Frame, or to the granting any Licence for more than One Cittern in any Malt-house, shall oe and the fame is hereby repealed: And that from and after the palling of this Aft the said Proportions shall be ascertained and regulated under this Aft in Manner following; and that no Licence mall be granted to any Malt Her or Maker of Malt to make Malt in any Malt*houfe which shall contain more than one Steep or Ciflern for the steeping or wetting of Corn 5 or the growing, working, or drying Floor or Floors in which shall not contain Two thou-fand fix hundred Square Feet in the Whole at the lead; or the Kiln Floor or Floors in which shall contain any Number of Square Feet exceeding the Proportion of Three hundred and Twenty-four Square Feet of luch Kiln Floor or Floors for every Two thousand fix hundred Square Feet of the growing, working, or drying Floor or Floors in such Malt-house; nor unlets the Steep or Ciflern in every such Malt-houfe shall be of Dimenfions sufficient to contain not less than Four Bufhels and a Half of Barley at the lead for every One hundred Square Feet of growing, working, or drying Floor or Floors in such Malt-houfe ; nor shall any Licence be granted to make Malt in any Malt-houfe unless there shall be a Square Couch Frame for the Steep or Cidem therein, of the Depth of Two Feet at the lead, and not more than Three Feet, and capable of receiving the fame Quantity of Grain as the Steep or Cidern, and no more, nor unless such Couch Frame shall be condruftcd of Materials of such Strength as shall be sufficient to preserve the Dimenfions of such Couch Frame when charged with Grain, nor unless iuch Couch Frame, or such Part thereof as shall be condrufted of Wood, shall be of the Subdance of One Inch at lead in Thicknefs, and braced on the Outfide at every Three Feet in Length with a Ledge of Wood Six Inches in Breadtn and One Inch thick at the lead, nor unless such Couch Frame shall be erested, fixed, and secured in such Manner as that the Officers of Excife may take an Area thereof; * and if any Licence shall be granted to any Perfon to make Malt in any Malt-houfe contrary to the aforesaid Regulations, such Licence is hereby declared to be null and void, and every Perfon making Malt in such Malt-houfe shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and be subject to all the Penalties and Forfeitures to which any Perfon making Malt without Licence is subject : Provided always, that in all Cafes where the Floor of the Kiln of any Malt-houfe shall be covered with Iron Wire or Iron Plates, for the Purpofe of making or preparing Malt for brewing Porter, a Licence may be granted to make Malt therein, although it shall not contain a Number of Square Feet of Kiln Floor after tne Rate aforesaid, in cafe it shall appear to the Satisfaftion of the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes that the Malt to be made therein is to be used in brewing Porter and not otherwise: Provided also that it shall be latoful for tne said Commissioners to grant a Licence to anv Perfon to make Malt in any Malt-houfe which may have been ereaed previous

Repeal of 45 G. a.c. 5J. $ 5.

Dimenfionv of Melt Houses, Citterns, Floms, and Couch Fumes shall be regulated under this A*.

4

A.D.i8o8.

^5 6

C.79.

48* geo. nr.

Places adjoining to growing Floors not separated therefrom hy Walls, shall be deemed Part of live Floor.

Penalty lOOl.

No Malt shall be removed into a Brewery or Diftillery without Permit, though made by the Brewer, &c.

Penalty tool.

Mills shall not be registered as Malt Stores, &c.

After

Difcontimianre for Remainder of a Year, (under 45 G. a.<.53.

§ 31.) Mahher may recommence working on Notice.

vious to the palling of the said Aft of the Forty-fifth Year aforesaid, the growing, working, or drying Floors in which shall contain less than Two thousand fix hundred Square Feet, and not less than One thousand Square Feet, and the Kiln Floor or Floors of which shall be in the foregoing Proportions to the working or drying Floor or Floors therein,

III.	And be it further enacted, That every Floor, Room, or Place next adjoining to any Floor or Place in any Malt-houfe registered or returned under the said recited Aft of the said Forty-fifth Year, a3 a growing, working, or drying Floor, or which shall be mentioned in any Return or Account under the said recited Aft as a growing, working, or drying Floor, which shall not be separated from such Floor (o registered or returned by a Wall built with Brick or Stone, with Mortar made with Lime and Sand, of the full Height of the Top or Ceiling of the Room or Place in which fuch* Floor so registered or returned shall be, and not less than Nine Inches in Thick-nefs, and without any Door or Opening whatever therein, and so that no direft Communication shall be between the fame and such Floor so regifiered or returned, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of such Floor; and if any Perfon requiring any Licence under the said recited Aft, shall not in such Return as aforesaid insert the Number of Square Feet contained in such Floor or Place (b next adjoining, and not so separated as aforesaid, as Part of the Dimenfions of such growing, working, or drying Floor, every such Perfon for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That every Brewer or Diftiller who shall remove out of or from any Store, any Quantity of Malt into his or her Brewery or Dillillery, shall obtain a proper Permit signed by the proper Officer for such Removal, whether such Malt shall have been made by such Brewer or Diftiller or not; and if any Quantity of Malt ground or unground, mixed or unmixed with any ground or unground Com or Grain, whether in a State of manufacturing into Beer or Ale or Spirits or not, shall be found in any Brewery or Diftillery, and such Permit signed by the proper Officer, for removing such Malt into such Brewery or Diftillery, shall not, on Demand of any Officer of Excife, or within a reasonable Time after such Demand be produced, then and in every such Cafe every Brewer or Diftiller in whose Brewery or Diftillery such Mak (hail be so found as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

V.	And be it further enacted, That no Mill or Mill Store shall be registered as a Store for keeping Malt, nor any Place which (hail have a Communication by internal Doors with or shall be adjoining to that Part of any Diftillery, or Brewery where any Keeve or other Veffel for mafhing shall be kept.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That if at any Time after any Maltfter or Maker of Malt shall have difeontinued working for the Remainder of any Year, pursuant to the Provifions of the said recited Aft of the Forty-fifth Year aforesaid, such Maltfter or Maker of Malt shall be desirous again to work in such Year, it shall and may be lawful for such Maltfter or Maker of Malt so to do, by and with the Confent of the said Commilfioners of Inland Excife ana Taxes, or any Three of them, on giving Fourteen Days Notice of such his or her Intention so to do to tne said Commilfioners, and to the Collector or other superior Officer in Charge of the District, and to the Surveyor

and

•*57

48° GEO. III.	C.79.

and Gauger of the Walk; and no other Day shall be mentioned in such Notice than the Twenty-iixth Day of some Month in the Year ; and every such MaltftcT or Maker of Malt shall in luch Cafe be charged and chargeable with, and shall pay Duty in all Refpe&s as such Maltfter or Maker of Malt would have been charged and charge* able with in cafe such Maltfter or MakA* of Malt had not given such Notice of Difcontinuance for the Remainder of the Year.

VII.	‘ And whereas it is by the said recited Act of the Forty-

*	fifth Year aforesaid, among other Things, enacted, that no Maltfter

*	or Maker of Malt, or other Perfon whatsoever in Ireland, shall mix

*	or cause to be mixed any unmalted Corn or Grain with Malt made

*	of any Corn or Grain whatsoever, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of 4 Ten Pounds for every Offence be it declared and enacted, That the said Provi(ion shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to any Diftiller who shall mix together raw Corn and Malt for the Purpole only of diftilhng Spirits therefrom, and that no Diftiller shall, on ac* count of such Mixture be liable to the said Peualty, any Thing in the said last recited Ad to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any superior or other Officer of Excife, or any Officer other than the Surveyor or Gauger in Charge of any Malt-house, shall make any'Charge or Surcharge upon any Maltfter or Maker of Malt under the said recited Ads of the Forty-fifth and Forty-fixth Years of His present Majefty’s Reign, or any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland relating to the Colledion of the Malt Duties, in refpedof any Quantity of Malt for which such Maltfter (ball by Law be chargeable with Duty, such Charge or Surcharge of Duty shall be a Charge on such Maltfter, and such Maltfter shall be chargeable with and shall pay the Duty appearing by such Charge or Surcharge co have become due and payable, in like Manner as he is chargeable or liable to pay any Duty upon any Charge re* turned or made by the Surveyor or Gauger in Charge of the Malt* house of such Maltfter, and if any Difpute or Difference shall arise between such Officer and such Maltfter touching the Amount of Duty payable on any such Charge or Surcharge, the Officer so making such Charge or Surcharge shall verify the fame by Affidavit in like Manner as other Officers are by the said recited Ads of the Forty-fifth and Forty-iixth Years or either of them required to do, and every Charge or Surcharge so made by any Officer other than such Surveyor or Gauger, shall by such Officer be entered distinctly in the Book of such Surveyor or Gauger, and be separately and distinctly fet forth in the Returns required to be made from Time to Time by such Surveyor or Gauger under the said recited Ads of the Forty-fifth and Forty-fixth Years or either of them.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That if any Malt exceeding in the Whole the Quantity of Six Stone, shall be carrying or conveying, or carried or conveyed by Land or by Water from Place to Place in /re-land, or shall be found on any Carriage or Bead, or on board any Boat or other Vcffel without a proper Permit or Let-Pafs, or if the Carrier or Perfon conveying such Malt, or the Perfon in whose Poffeffion the fame shall be, shall not on Demand made by any Officer of Customs or Excife, produce a Permit or Let-Pafs under the Hand of the proper Officer, authorizing the Removal of fach Malt, then and in every such Cafe all such Malt, with the Sacks or Packages containing the fame, aodalfo the Beads and Carriages) or the Boat or Veflel

48 Geo. III.	S	containing)

Diftiller* shall not be liable to Penalty under 45 G. 3. c. S3.

§ 45. for mixing* raw (©m with Grain.

Surcharges on Maltfter* by superior Officer* shall be as valid as by the Offices in Charge.

Horfes,

Carriages, Boats, &c. conveying Malt without Permit forfeited*

258

- A.D.i8o8

JVewer {full not deliver out Malt • to any Pcrfona bat fui h as brew for their private Ufe.

46 G. 3. c. 68.

47 G. 3, ft, 2. c. 17.

C. 79, 80, 81.	48#	GEO. III.

containing, carrying, bearing, or drawing the fame, with all Tackle thereto, refoeftively belonging shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Revenue.

X.	And be it further enacted, That no Brewer shall at arty Time while he shall carry on the Trade of a Brewer, fell or deliver out any Malt to any Perfon whatfdever, except to Perfons brewing Ale or Beer for their own private Ufe, and in such Quantities only as such Perfons may reafonabiy consume within a reasonable Time for making Beer or Ale for their private Ufe, and for which it shall appear by the Certificate of such Perfons or otherwise, that such Perfons are in Pof-feffion of a proportionate Quantity of Hops for brewing the fame.

■* Powers of 45 G. 3. e. 53. applied to this Aft. j 11.”

CAP. LXXX.‘

An Aft to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thou* sand eight hundred and nine, and to amend, several Afts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland \ ar.d to grant new Duties on the Importation of East India Sugar and Foreign Spirits; and to reduce the Duty on British Plantation Coflee imported.	[23d	June	1808.]

“ 45 G. 3. c. 18. 8c 46 G. 3. c. 62. granting Duties of Cuftoms (con* “ tiuued by 46 G. 3. e. 125 and c. 120. § 1.—and 47 G. 3. Sell*. 2. “ c. 1.). 47 G. 3. Jl. 2. c, 16. granting other Duties of Cuftoms, u recited: Duties and Drawbacks under recited Afts continued to 5th July 1809 > except Drawbacks and Bounties on Sugar provided •• for by 47 G. 3. Self. 1. r. 19. (continued by 48 G. 3. c. 17.)— •* Regulations in all the recited Afts, also continued to said cth July “ 1809. § 1. Articles entitled to Bounty shall not be liable to “ Duty. § 2. Drawback on Briti/b and Irifb Salt exported from u Ireland 2/. per Bufiiel: Such Salt shall be exported under Regu-u lations in 46 G. 3. r. 87. $ 71, &c. $ 3. Duty on East India Sugar u imported 1 /. 9s. 8 Id. per cwt. and Drawback of the Whole on “ Exportation, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks. § 4. Duty u on British Plantation Coffee imported into Ireland, reduced to *]d, “ per lb. § 5. Duty on Foreign Spirits in Warehoyfe on the 10th “ of June9 or imported on the said Day or afterwards, 10 d. per Gallon “ additional, f 6. Duties and Drawbacks shall be managed as for-“ mer Duties, &c. § 7, and carried to the Irtjb Confolidated Fund.

“ § 8. Aft may be altered or repealed this Seffion. § 9.”

CAP. LXXXI.

An Aft to amend the several Afts for the regulating and fe-curing the Colleftion of the Duty on Spirits distilled in Ireland.	[23d	June	1808.]

*	TT THERE AS an Aft was made in the Forty-fixth Year of His € VV present Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An A3 to provide for

*	the regulating and Jecuring the ColleSion of the Duties on Spirits dif-

•	tilled in Ireland, and the nvarebouftng of fucb Spirits for Exfor*

♦	tationi And whereas an Aft was made in the Forty-feventh rear

V	-of

*	of His present Majcfly’s Reign to amend the said recited Ad of the

*	Forty-fixth Year: And whereas it is expedient that the said recited

*	Ads should be further amended Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That so much of the said recited Ad of the Forty-fixth Year of His present Majefly’s Reign, as enacts, that it shall be lawful for any Three of the Commissioners of Excife in Ireland, to reduce or abate the Quantity of Spirits wherewith any Diftiller shall be chargeable in anv Year, by. virtue of the said Ad, according to the Number of Weeks or Days in the said Ad mentioned, upon Proof upon Oath, to the Satisfadion of the said Commiflioners, that some Fatality, such as Fire or any other unavoidable Accident or Misfortune, shall have prevented such Diililler from working such Number of Weeks or Days, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II.	* And, for preventing any Injury or Interruption to the Revenue by any Fatalities or Accidents which may hinder any Still

*	from working,’ be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Diftiller in Ireland, from Time to Time, to provide a Second Still of like Dimenfions and upon the like Plan with any Still or Stills which such Diililler shall be licensed to keep or use in his Diftillery, or as nearly so as may be jpracticable, and to lodge such Second Still at the Excife Office of the Diflrid in which such Diftillery shall be situate, to be kept there until the fame shall be required by such Diililler to be delivered to him, for the Purpofe of being fet up and placed in his Diftillery, in the Room and Stead of such Still of the like Dimenfions and Plan as may be prevented from working in such Diftillery by any Fatality or Accident.

III.	And be it further enacted. That no such Second Still shall be delivered to such Diililler until such Difliller shall have deposited at the Excife Office aforesaid, the other Still of like Dimenfions and Plan which shall have been prevented from working as aforesaid, and to replace which he demands the Delivery of such Second Still; nor until Notice of such Intention to demand the fame shall have been served upon the Surveyor or Gauger in Charge of such Diftillery; and the Still which shall be removed from such Diftillery into such Excffe Office, shall remain there until the fame shall be broken up or rendered useless by the Diredions of the Proprietor thereof, or until the fame shall be delivered, by Order of the Proprietor thereof, to some Brazier for the Purpofe of being repaired, sufficient Security being first given by Bond to the Colledor or other Officer of Excife, that such Still shall be returned to the Excife Office on or before a Day to be for that Purpofe appointed by such Colledor or Officer, and to Be specified in such Bond, and that such Still shall not be used for any Purpofe whatever before the fame shall be returned to the Excife Office; and every Still so repaired shall be returned to the said Excife Office accordingly for the Proprietor thereof, or for any Per-fon to whom the fame may be disposed of by such Proprietor; and in cafe such Still after being repaired shall remain at the said Excife Office, for more than Twelve Calendar Months in the Whole, after the Proprietor thereof shall cease to be licensed, it shall be lawful for the Colledor of the Diflrid to break up such Still and render the fame tfelefp, and to cause the Materials of such Still to be fold; and the

S	2	Produce

46 G. 3. c. 88. f. 58. at to Allowance* foe Accidents, repealed*

Diililler to . prevent Acer* dents may provide a Second Still, to be deposited at the Excife Office.

Still so deposited, may be changed for a damaged Still.

C.8i.

A.D.1808.



Diftiller shall be cliargeaMe for Still continuing to work an if no such Remcnal had taken place.

In ease of

PHtref* by

Vi tv, &c. AJJowaiices itoay be made to Diftiller*.

Abatement to

Diftiilcrs prerented fmm working by legi dative Stoppage of Diltilleries in the CWirfe of any ' Month.

48°

GEO. III.

Produce thereof, after dedufting all Expences of such Sale, shall be paid by such Collector to the Proprietor of such Stills Provided always, that no Still shall be sent to or removed from the Excife Office, without a regular Pennit to be duly granted for that Purpofe.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That if any Diftiller shall remove to the Excifc Office any Still which shall have been so prevented from working, in the Courfe of any Period during which such Still shall be chargeable as working, inch Diftiller shall nevertheless be and continue charged and chargeable iu respect of the fame Number of Workings, and in all other Refpefts whatsoever as if no such Removal had taken place, and as if such Still had continued uninterruptedly at work: Provided always, that in such Cafe it may be lawful for the Commiffioncrs of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, to make any Allowance to any Diftiller who shall be surcharged in respect of any Wafh, Wort, Or Pot Ale, not (Milled within the Time allowed by Law.

V.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe the House in which any Still shall be at work shall be suddenly consumed in the Whole or in Part by any Fire therein, or in any adjoining House or Office, whereby any iuch Still shall have been prevented from working, or in cafe any sudden Fatality shall have happened to the Still-houfe or Offices, by the Walls falling or the Roof falling in, it shall be lawful for any Three of the Commissioners of Excite in Ireland to reduce or abate the Quantity of Spirits wherewith any Diftiller shall be chargeable, for the Period of Twenty-eight Days, in the Courfe of which such Fire or sudden Fatality shall have happened, upon Proof upon Oath, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that by such Fire or Fatality such Diftiller shall have been pre\ented from working the full Number of Twenty-eight Days, and that the Quantity of Spirits charged, exclusive of the Quantity contained in such proposed Abatement, is the full and entire Quantity made in such Still during such Period: Provided always, that Application to the said Commissioners for such Reduction or Abatement shall be made within Fourteen Days after the Expiration of the Period of Twenty-eight Days, in the Courfe of which such Fire or sudden Fatality shall have happened; and that no Reduftion or Abatement shall be allowed in respect of any fractional Part of a Day; and that every such Reduction or Abatement shall be first approved of by any Three of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That if by reason or in purfu-ance of any Aft made or to be made to prohibit the Diltillation of Spirits from Com or Grain, any Still in the Diftillery of any Diftiller shall at any Time have been prevented or shall be prevented from working for the Whole or any Period of Twenty-eignt Days in the Courfe of which any such Prohibition shall have commeneed, or may commence or take place, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three or more of them, to make such Allowances to such Diftiller as shall 'appear to the said Commissioners to be just and reafontble, such Allowance in no Cafe exceeding the Amount of Duty computed upon the Quantity of Spirits remaining undiftilied, and neceffarv to complete the Quantity of Spirits for which any such Diftiller shall be

refpeftively

A.D.i8o8

C.8r

48° GEO. III.

261

refpcCtively charged for such Period of Twenty-eight Days 5 and that Such Stoppage

any Stoppage of any Still by reason or in purfuauce of any such ACt ft aiU>c deemed a

to prohibit the Didillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, shall be ^ ™*llinoai,<e

taken and deemed as a Difcontinuance by such Didiller, for the Re- Reminder of

mainder of the Year for which any Licence to such Diitiller shall he the Year.

then in force, unless on the Removal of such Prohibition fuch

Didiller shall re-commence working, under any of the Provilions

contained in any ACt or ACts in force in Ireland, relating to the

regulating and securing the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland;

and that in cafe of any such Stoppage by reason or in pursuance of W.ift in

any such Prohibition if any Worts, Wafh, or Pot-Ale, made from Diftillery at

Corn, shall be in any such Didillery at the Time when such Prohibi-

tion shall commence or take place, and such Worts, Walh, or Pot-Ale,

lhall not be distilled at the Expiration of Six Days including the Day *

of brewing and the Day of diddling such Worts, Wadi, or Pot-Ale,

may be distilled at any Period after the Expiration of the said Six

Days; and that no Surcharge shall be made on the Didiller in refpeCt

of such Worts, Wadi, or Pot-Ale, not being diddled within the

faid Period of Six Days 5 any Thing in the said recited ACt of the

Forty-fixth Year aforesaid to the contrary not with danding.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling of piftilWon this ACt, no Low Wines or Spirits shall be made, extracted, or dif-tilled in Ireland, from Melasses, or any Mixture with the fame$ and p 1 11 that if any Didiller or oilier Perfon in Ireland shall, after the paf-» sing of this ACt, make, extraCt, or didill any Low Wines or Spirits from Melasses, or any Mixture with the fame, or shall brew or prepare any Wort or Wafh from Melasses, or any Mixture with the l^me, for the Purpofe of extracting or diddling Low Wines o#

Spirits, every such Didiller or other Perfon shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and all Melafles and all Wafh prepared from the fame, or any Mixture therewith, and all Low Wines and Spirits made, extracted or diddled therefrom, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That so much of the said re? 46 G. 3. e. ss. pited ACt of the Forty-fixth Year of His present Majedy’s Reign, for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits .J.?10 °c distilled in Ireland, as pna£ts that all Sugar Wafh .which shall not be Waft/rri^a]e<lj distilled at the Expiration of Twelve Days, shall be considered as Wa(h and 18 Days not included in any former Charge against the Didiller, and that such allowed. Didiller shall be charged with Duty in respect of such Walh, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that from and after the palling of this ACt all Sugar Wa(h in the Diftillery of any Dif-tiller, which shall not be distilled at the Expiration of Eighteen Days, including the Day of breaking down the Sugar with Water, and the Day of diddling, shall be confldered as Wa(h not included i;j any former Charge againd such Didiller, and such Didiller shall be charged with Duty in respect of such Wadi, according to the Directions of the said recited ACt and this ACt, and of any ACt in force relating to the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That in lieu and indead of th$ Modeofcal-CliargeB under the said recited ACt of the Forty-fixth Year, on any Decreafe of Wafh produced from Sugar, or on any Decreafe of jjugarWash, Low Wines or Singlings produced from such Wafh, the Officer of &c? instead of Excife keeping an Account of Walh, Pot-Ale, Low Wines, or. that under

Sj	SingUngij	46 G. 3. c.8K

»■ 47.

C.8i.

A»D» 1808.

262

Com Spirit*, and* Sugar Spirits, shall be kept in separate Warehoufe*.

Surcharges by foperior Officer* shall be as valid as by the Officer in Charge, &c.

46 G. 3. e.S6. § 29. as to felling Waft, $tr. repealed; an Wafh shall hefpilied, and all Spirits conveyed to Excife Office, &c.

48® GEO. HI.

Singlings, in the Diflillery of any Diftiller in Ireland.f shall, on any Decreafe of Wafli produced from Sugar, charge the Diftiller for a Quantity of Spirits calculated after the Rate of Twenty-one Gallons of Spirits for every One hundred Gallons of Wafh so decreased, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of Wafhj and upon any Decreafe of Low Wines or Singlings produced from any fuchvWafh, such Officer shall charge the Difliller for a Quantity of Spirits after the Rate of One Gallon of Spirits for every Two Gallons of Low Wines so decreased; and such Officer shall make a Return of the Quantities of Spirits and of the Duties thereon accordingly; and such Difliller shall pay the Duty so charged and returned.

X.	And be it further enabled, That no Spirits made or distilled from Corn shall be deposited, kept, or secured in any Warehoufe in which any Spirits made from Sugar shall at the fame Time be depo-fittd, kept, or feenred; but that all such Corn Spirits and Sugar Spirits shall be deposited, kept and secured in separate and distinct Warehouses; and that all such Spirits shall be contained in Calks of not less than One hundred Gallons Content, and that there shall be marked on the Head of each Calk the Words u Com S.” or “ Sugar S.” as the Cafe shall require, and also the Number of Gallons of Spirits in each such Cafk at the Time of the lloring thereof; and if any Spirits shall be deposited, kept or secured in Warehoufe contrary to the Provifions of this Ad, the fame shall be forfeited and may be seized.

XJ. And be it further enacted, That if any Superior or other Officer of Excife, or any Officer other than the Surveyor or Gauger in, charge of any Diflillery,' shall make any Charge or Surcharge upon any Difliller under the said recited Ads of the Forty-fixth and Forty-feventh Years, or any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland* relating to the diddling of Spirits, in respect of any Quantity of Spirits for which such Diftiller shall by Law be chargeable with Duty, such Charge or Surcharge of Duty shall be a Charge on such Distiller, and such Diftiller shall be chargeable with and shall pay the Duty appearing by such Charge or Surcharge to have become due and payable, in like Manner as he is chargeable or liable to pay any Duty upon any Charge returned or made by the Surveyor or Gauger in charge of the Diflillery of such Distiller; and if any Dif-pute or Difference shall arise between such Officer and such Distiller, touching the Amount of Duty payable on any such Charge or Surcharge, the Officer so making such Charge or Surcharge mall verify the lame by Affidavit, in like Manner as other Officers arc by the said recited Ad of the Forty-fixth Year required to do; and every Charge or Surcharge so made by any Officer, other than such Surveyor or Gauger, shall by such Officer be entered distinctly in the Book of such Surveyor or Gauger, and be separately and distinctly fet forth in the Return required to be made from Time to Time by such Surveyor or Gauger under the said recited Ads of the Forty-fixth and Forty-feventh Years or either of them.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That so much of-the said reeled Ad of the Forty-fixth Year, as permits or allows any Officer of Excife to fell any Pot-Ale, Wafh, Singlings or Low Wines, seized under the said recited Ad, to any licenied Diftiller or other Per-fon, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed ; and that all Pot-Ale, Wafh, Singlings or Low Wines seized, under the said recited Aft

or

A.D. 18o$«

C.81.

48® GEO. in.

263

or this A (ft, or any other Aft relating to Spirits distilled in Ireland, /hall immediately upon Seizure thereof be (pilied, deitroyed or rendered totally ufeless; and that all Spirits seized under any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland, shall be earned and conveyed to the Excife Office of the District, and shall there be disposed of in such Manner only as the Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes (by and with the Approbation of the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury of Ireland,) shall from Time to Time order, direft and appoint; and that the Officers or Perfons seizing such Waft, Pot-Ale, Low. Wines or Spirits, shall receive such Recompence and Reward for seizing the fame as the (aid Commiflioners of Excife, by and with the Approbation of any Three Commiflioners of the Treaniry of Ireland shall order and direft.

XIII.	And be it further enacted. That no Diftiller while he shall carry on the Trade of a' Distiller, shall fell or deliver out any Malt to any Perfon whatsoever, except to Perfons brewing Ale or Beer for their own private Ufe, and in such Quantities only as such Per-Ions may reasonably consume within a reasonable Time for making Beer or Ale for their private Ufe, and for which it shall appear by the Certificates of such Perfons or otherwise, that such Perfons are in Pofleflion of a proportionate Quantity of Hops for brewing the fame.

XIV.	And be it further enacted. That in all Cafes where under and by virtue of the said recited Afts of the Forty-fixth and Forty-feventn Years of His present Maiefty’s Reign the Court, at any Aflizea or presenting Term, shall fine any Parift, Townland, Manor or Lordfhip in the Sum of Fifty Pounds, on account of any unli-cenfed Still or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm, or other Utenfil for distilling Spirits, or any Waft, Pot-Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, having been found or used in any Place within such Parift, Townland, Manor or Lordftip, such Court shall direft the Treasurer of the County, County of a Town or City, to issue his Warrant for levying the said Sum of Fifty Pounds off the Town-land only, within which such Place shall be situate, if it shall be made appear to the Satisfaftion of such Court, that such Townland is a known and certain Divifion of a Parift, Manor, or Lordftip, and that the Mears and Bounds of such Townland are fully and clearly afeertained; and such Fine or Sum of Fifty Pounds shall in such Cafe be applotted upon and raised off such Townland only,'ex-clufive of any other Part of any Parift, in such Manner and according to such Rules and Regulations as are mentioned and contained in the said Aft of the Forty-feventh Year aforesaid: Provided always, that if no such Applotment or no sufficient Applotment shall be. made on such Townland, such Fine shall be levied as is directed by. the said Aft of the Forty-feventh Year, in Cafes where no Applot-raent is made under the said recited Aft.

XV.	4 And whereas by the said recited Aft of the Forty-fixth 4 Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, it is enacted, that if any 1 Perfon in Ireland shall make uie of any Still, Stillhead or Worm,

4 for distilling, or shall make or distil any Low Wines, Singlings or 4 Spirits, or shall brew, make or ferment any Wa(h, Worts or rot-4 Ale, wherewith and with the Intent to distil Low Wines, Singlings 4 or Spirits, without having a Licence in force pursuant to Law for < distilling, every such Perfon shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of'

S 4	“	a Mil-

Dilliller shall not deliver out Malt to any but furh as brew for private Ufe.

Fine of 5ol. for unlicensed StilLi under 47 G. 3. Seflf. 2. •.17.512.

Hull be raised off the Townland only, if sufficiently known;

and applotted as underlaid A ft, f 23, 24.

Where an Inhabitant of any Pariih, &c. convi&san Offender of a Mffdemeansr, under 46 G. 3. c. 88. f. 89. tab parish shall be fined only 2*1.

264

under 47 G. 3. Seff. 2. c. 17. the whole of which shall be paid to the Informer, &c.

c.81.

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 1808.

Any Perfon whatever may ieize and deitroy yici^il Stills, and ilfo Spirits, Walh. &c. found in Cuftody of ualicenfed Pejrfons, &c.

*	a Mifdemeanor, and shall be puni(liable on Conviftion as in the faid

*	Aft is mentionedBe it enacted. That whenever any Offender * shall have been tried and convicted for any such Offence, by the Evidence of any Inhabitant (not being an Offioer of Excite) of the Parifh, Townland, Manor, or Lordfhip in which the Place shall be situate where such Offence was committed, upon an Information given by such Inhabitant, before any other Information for the said Offence shall have been given to a Magistrate, the Court before whom such Conviftion fhdll be had, at any Affizes or prefentiug Term, shall fine such Parifh, Townland, Manor or Lordfhip on account of such Offence, in the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds only, such Fine to be recovered and levied in like Manner as by the said recited Aft of the Forty-feventh Year and this Aft is directed with respect to the Fine of Fifty Pounds herein-before mentioned 5 and no Part of such Fine or Sum of Twenty-five Pounds shall be applied to the Society for discountenancing Vice and promoting Virtue in the City of Dub-lin9 nor to the Treasurer of any Publick Infirmary or Hofpital of any County, Town or City, but the Whole of such Fine or Sum of Twenty-five Pounds shall be applied and paid by .the Treasurer of the County, County of a Town or City, to such Inhabitant who shall have so given the Firfb Information, and by .wbofe Evidence such Conviftion shall have been had ; or to the Juft ice of the Peace before whom such Information shall have been made, to be by him applied in rewarding such Informer, or otherwise promoting the Sup-predion of private Stills within his Jurifdiftion according to the Direction of the Court.

XVI.	« And whereas no Still can by Law be licensed in Ireland 1 of lef8 Dimenfions than Two Hundred Gallons Content, except

*	Stills kept and used at Apothecaries’ Hall in Dublin, and Stills of

*	Twelve Gallons Content for certain Purposes, and Stills for refti-

*	fying or compounding SpiritsBe it therefore enacted, That if any Still, the Body whercot without the Head or any other Appendage thereto, shall be capable of containing more than Twelve Galions, and shall not be capable of containing Two hundred Gallons at the lead, or any Head or Worm belonging to any Still of any such Di-mrnfions, shall be found in any Place whatever (except Apothecaries’ Hall aforefaid) or in the Pofleflion of any Perfon whotnfoever (not being a licensed Reftifier or Compounder of Spirits) the fame shall be forfeited and may be seized; or if any Still not exceeding Twelve Gallons Content, or any Head or Worm belonging to any Still of such Content, shall be found in any Place whatever, or in the PofTef-£on of any Perfon whomsoever (except at Apothecaries’ Hall Dublin, or in the Cuftody of some licensed Chemist, Apothecary, Druggift, Brazier, or other Perfon duly licensed to have such Twelve Gallon Still', or if any Still capable of containing more than Two hundred Galions, shall be found in any Place whatever, without being duly licensed, the some shall be forfeited and may be seized; and it ihaH be lawful for any Perfon whatever who shall find or discover any Still, Stillhead, or Worm of a Still, in any Place whatsoever, except on the Road from or to a Brazier or Maker or Mender of Stills under proper Permits, or in the Pofleflion of any Perfon whom-foever (except a Brazier or Perfon following the Trade of making or repairing Stills) without a sufficient Licence being produced at tf\e Time for keeping the fame, to seize and to destroy the some, and to

' *	convey

A.D. i8o8.	48°	GEO.	III.	C.81.	*6j

convey the Materials thereof to the Excife Office of the District, or to deliver the fame to the next refulent Officer of Excife, who shall take the fame into his Cuftody, and secure the fame in like Manner as if the fame had been seized by him; and it shall in like Manner be lawful for any Perfon whorafoever to seize any Spirits, Low Wines,

Singlings, Wa(h, Pot-Ale, Malt or Com, and all Materials for making Spirits found in the Cuftody of any unlicensed Perfon, or of any Perfon whatever not entitled by Law to have the lame in their Poffefiion, and to spill, or destroy any Worts, Wa(h, Pot-Ale, Low Wines or Singlings so found, and to convey all Spirits, Malt, or Corn so found to the Excife Office of the District, or to the next resident Officer of Excife, to be dealt with according to Law ; and \very Perfon in whose Poffeffion any such Still, Stillhead or Worm of a Still, or Spirits, Low Wines, Singlings, Wash, Pot-Ale, or Materials for making Spirits shall be so found, shall be subject to the like Penalties as if the fame had been found by an Officer of Excife.

XVII.	‘ And, in order to deter. Perfons from assisting in the pri-* vate and fraudulent distilling of Spirits in Ireland? be it further enacted, That whenever any Officer or Officers of Excife, or any Perfons fonndm other Perfon whatever shall find or discover any unlicensed Still, or any PUce with Part of or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or Utenfil for diftil- W ling Spirits, or any Wa(h, Pot-Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, the . using or having whereof shall subject the Perfons who shall use or have anjSmed the fame, or tne Parifh, Manor, Lordfhip or Townland within which before* Juftioc. the fame shall beufed or found, to any Penalty, Forfeiture or Puni(h-ment under the said recited Adis of the Forty-fixth and Forty-feventh Years aforesaid, or either of them, it shall be lawful for such Officer or Officers of Excife or other Perfon, and for all Perfons acting in his or their Aid, to (lop, arrest and detain all and every Perfon and Perfons found and difeovered in any House, or at any Place where such Still, or Part of or Appendage to a Still, or luch Worm or other Utenfil for diddling Spirits shall be found or used, or where such Worts, Wafii, Pot-Ale, Low Wines or Singlings shall be found, and to convey all and every such Perfon and Perions before a Juftice of the Peace for the County, City, Town or Place within which such Perfoa or Perfons shall be difeovered as aforesaid, in order that such Perfon or Perfons may be dealt with by such Juftice according to Law, or bound over to appear and give Evidence on any Trial which may be had for such Offence, or on any Information respecting the fame.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That any Rewards or Al- Officers shall be lowances or Share of Penalty to be given paid, or made to any rewarded only Officer or Officers of Excife, who shall have seized any Still or Stills,

or any Head or Worm of a Still, or any Appendage to a Still, ^

(hall in every Cafe be proportionate only to tne State or Service-ablenefs of such Still, Stillhead, Worm, or Appendage respectively; and that if the fame are entirely unserviceable, no Reward, Allowance, or Share of Penalty whatever shall be given, paid or made to the Officer who shall have seized the fame; any Thing in any A& or Adis to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Powers of

Rules, Regulations, Reftridlions, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures recited Afls and Modes of Recovery thereof, provided, mentioned and contained	to

in the said recited Adis of the Forty-fixth and Forty-feventh Years ™ aforesaid, for the regulating and fecuiing the Colledlion of the Duties,

4*G.3. (I.)

*6*.

43G.3.C.97-§ 4—8.

44 G. 3. C. 103. §16, 17.

45G. 3. c. 39. mode perpetual.

KoPennit* fell be granted except In consequence of Requeft-Notes duly Humped, &c. &C48G.3.C.41

tics on Spirits difUIled in Ireland shall be applied and put in Praftice in the Execution of this. Aft, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, as if all the said Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Reftnftions, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures had been expressly repeated and re-enafted in this Aft; and that the said recited Afts and this Aft shall be construed together as one Aft, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, so far as the fame are compatible or consistent with each other, and as the said recited Afts are amended and altered by this Aft.

CAP. LXXXn.

An Aft to make perpetual and to amend several Afts for the better regulating the iiTuing and granting of Permits and Certificates, for the Conveyance and Proteftion of certain Excifeable Goods in Ireland.	[23d June	1808.]

*	TT THE REAS the Afts and Provifions herein-after mentioned

*	VV will expire on the Twenty-ninth Day of September One

*	thoufand eight hundred and eight $ and the fame naving been

*	found ufefuY and beneficial, it is expedient that they should be

*	made penjetual ;' Be it therefore enacted by the King's mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affem-bled, and by the Authority of the fame, That an Aft, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His present Majefty's Reign, intituled, Jin A8 for better regulating the tffuing and grant-trig of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protection of certain Excifeable Goods therein mentioned; and to prevent Frauds by Dealers in or Retailers of such Goods ; and also so much of an Aft, madeMn the Forty-third Year of His present Majefty's Reign, intituled, An A3 to amend several Ads of Parliament for the better CoU leBion and Security of His MajeJly's Revenue of Cujtoms and Excife in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, and to make further Regu* lafions relating thereto, as amends the said recited Aft of the Fortieth Year aforesaid; and also so much of an Aft, made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majefty's Reign, intituled, An AS for making Regulations for the better Collection and Security of His Ma-jejly’s Revenue of Cujloms and Excife in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, as prohibits the giving of a Certificate for any foreign Wine by any importing Merchant irf any Port in Ireland; and also an Aft, made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majefty's Reign, for continuing the said recited Aft of the Parliament of Ireland of the Fortieth Year aforesaid, and for amending the fame, so far as the fame respects Permits for Spirits or Spirituous Liquors, shall be and the fame are hereby made perpetual.

II. 1 And whereas certain Stamp Duties have been imposed in the

*	prefent Seflion of Parliament on Requeft-Notes or Rcquifitions for

*	Permits and Certificates relative to any Excifeable or other Goods,

*	in lieu of former Stamp Duties on Permits and Certificatesbe k therefore enacted, That from andafter the Time when a Stamp Duty shall be payable on such Requeft-Notes or Requifitions, no Permit, nor any Certificate of or grounded on any Permit, shall be granted by any Officer employed by or acting under the Commissioners of Cuftom9| or the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ire•

knd%

C. Ss*

A<D«i808.

48° GEO. UL

267

hmJ> nor by any other Perfon or Perfons empowered to grant any such Permit or Certificate, until a Requeft-Note or Requifition in Writing shall have been delivered by or on Behalf of the Party requiring such Permit or Certificate respectively, and that every such Requeft-Note or Reauifition shall be duly (tamped according to Law; and that such Requeft-Note or Requifition shall be attached, by the Officer granting such Permit or Certificate, to the Duplicate of such Permit or Certificate, retained in the Cuftody of such Officer.

III.	And be it further enacted, That all such Requeft-Notes and Requifitions, not duly (tamped, shall be actually void; and any Per-

mit or Certificate, granted in pursuance of any fuch* Requifition or frail be void. Requeft-Note, not duly (tamped, or which shall be granted without a Requeft-Note or Requifition being delivered in Manner required by this Ad, shall be actually void, and shall not protect any Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize mentioned in such Permit or Certificate.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon whatever Penalty <m shall fraudulently, or without being duly authorized thereto, issue or

give out, or cause to be issued or given out, or be aiding or assisting ^l"nf‘^or in issuing or giving out any Blank Permit, or any Permit not duly periwts, authorized by a preceding Requeft-Note; or shall fill up any Blank Felony, Seven Permit, not duly authorized by a preceding Requeft-Note; or if any YeanTiauf-Perfon shall fill up or issue any Permit not corresponding to or an- partition, 2e-fwering with the Duplicate thereof in the Poffeffion of the Officer 5 or if any Perfon shall obtain or make use of any Permit so unduly or fraudulently issued; such Perfon, so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall be adjudged a Felon, and (half be transported for the Term of his or her Life, or for the Term of Seven Years, or be sentenced to receive such other less Punifhment, as the Court who shall try such Perfon fhail direft.

V.	And be it further enacted, that from and after the Expiration No Hopt shall of Ten Days after the palling of this Aft, no Quantity of Hops, ex- conveyed . ceeding in Weight Fiity-fix Pounds, shall be carried or conveyed Wl oat tTvaa~ from any one Place to another in Ireland, without a Permit or Let-

pafs for the fame; and that all Hops, exceeding in Weight Fifty-fix rounds, which fhail be carrying or conveying, or carried or conveyed from any Part or Place in Ireland, to any other Part thereof, whether from any Part of a City or Town to another Part thereof, or from one Town or Place to another Town or Place, may bp seized by any Officer or Officers of Cuftoms or Excife, and shall be forfeited, uniefs the Carrier or Perfon conveying such Hops, or the Perfon in whose Poffeffion the fame shall be, shall, on Demand by any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife, produce a Permit or Let-pafs in force under the Hand of form? Officer of Cuftoms or Excife, authorizing the Removal of such Hops ; and that all such Permits shall be granted under such Rules and Regulations as are preferibed in and by the said recited Aft of the Fortieth Year aforesaid, for regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates in the ieveral Cafes in the said Aft mentioned.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That no Tobacco shall at any Time No Tobacco be removed out of the Cuftody of any Officer or Officers of tne Cuf- *haU be removed tortis, or from any Warehoufe in which the fame shall have been lodged ^^hoiife and secured under and by virtue of an Aft, made in the Parliament except for * of Inland in the Thirty-feventh Year of His present Maiefty’s Reign, Exportation 6	intituled.

A

48? GEO. IIL

A.D. 1808.

C.82.

» t* Ritail P«fer, &c. 97 G. 3. (I.) 9.42.

JBn Removal of Excifeable Goods oat of the Cuftody of the Cuftoms, Permit* shalt be granted which shall be lodged at the Excife Qffice, 4tc.

If CommiiBoncrs of Excife provide Moulds, Paper and Types for Permits, 8tc. they shall be printed with fwch Types on such Paper, by anthorifcd Perfons.

intituled, An A8 for regulating and extending tie Tobacco Trade, and for fecurtng the Duties payable on the Import and ManufaQure of Tobacco* except, for Exportation, or into the Stock of a JJcenfed Manufacturer of Tobacco; and that whenever such Tobacco fhali be intended to be removed into the Stock of such Manufacturer, the Permit granted by the proper Officer of the Cuftoms for so removing the fame shall be lodged in the Excife Permit Office of the Port from whence such Tobacco is to be removed, by the Ferfonto whom such Permit shall be granted, or his Clerk or Agent, and the Excife Permit Officer there fhali thereupon grant to the Perfon to whom such Cuf-. tom Permit was granted, in lieu of the said Cuftom Permit, an Excife Permit for removing such Tobacco into the Stock of the Manufacturer mentioned in such Cuftom Permit; and such Excife Permit Officer fhali annex to the Duplicate of the Permit granted by him the Cuftom Permit upon which the fame was granted.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That whenever any Excifeable Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever imported into Ireland\ and for the Removal of which from any one Place to another a Permit is by Law required, shall be intended to be removed out of the Cuftody of any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms, or from any Warehoufe in which the fame shall have beqn lodged and secured, a Permit shall be granted by the Permit Officer of the Cuftoms at the Port from which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize are to be removed ; and that upon the Arrival of such Goods, Ware?, or Merchandize at the Place of Deftination^ the Perfon to whom the fame fhali be sent, or his Clerk or Agent, fhali, within Twenty-four Hours (or in cafe a Sunday, Chriflmas Day or Good Friday shall intervene, within Forty-eight Hours) after the Arrival of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize at the Place of their Deftination, or after the Time limited in such Permit, lodge such Permit at the Excife Permit Office or with the Surveyor or Officer of Excife, and obtain a Certificate thereof, signed by such Officer, in such Manner as by the said recited Adt of the Fortieth Year for regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates is required with respect to Permits obtained under the said recited Adi; and if any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize fhali be removed from or out of the Cuftody of any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms, or from or out of any Warehoufe without such Permit as is by this Adi required, the fame shall be forfeited and may be seized ; and such Certificate shall be in force and shall be renewed in like Manner as is required with respect to Certificates under the said recited Adi.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That if the Commissioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland shall, at any Time after the palling of this Adi, provide Moulds or Frames for the making of Paper to bo used for Permits for the Removal of Excifeable Commodities, or for Certificates of such Permits, or for Tickets to be affixed on any Calk or Package removed under Permit, or for Receipts for Taxes, with any Words or Figures vilible in the Subftance of such Paper, and shall alio provide Plates engraved with certain Stamps, Marks, and Devices, or shall have Types cast in any peculiar Form for the printing, stamping and marking the said Paper, all Permits, Certificates apd TicketsTor the Purpofes aforesaid, and all Receipts for Taxes, shall be printed by the said Plates or Types on Paper so made; which faid

Paper

A.D. 1808.

C. 82.

48° GEO. III.

Paper Hi all be made, and the said Plates engraven, and Types calt by such Perfon or Perfons as shall be for that Purpofe authorized and appointed by the said Commifiioners, or any Three of them, under their Hands and Seals.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons, not authorized and appointed by the said Commifiioners as aforesaid, and not For the life of the said Commi(Tioners, shall make, or cause or procure to be made, or shall knowingly aid or assist in the making, or without being so authorized or appointed,'fhall knowingly have in his, her or their Cuflody or Pofleflion, without lawful Excufe (the Proof whereof shall be on the Perfon accufed) any Frame, Mould or Iuftru-ment for the making of Paper, with the Words, Marks or Devices peculiar to and appearing in the Subfiance of the Paper used by the laid Commiflioncrs of Inland Excife and Taxes for such Permits, Certificates, Tickets and Receipts; or if any Perfon (except as before excepted) shall make, or cause or procure to be made, or knowingly aid or afllll in the making any Paper, in the Subftance of which the Words, Marks or Devices peculiar to or appearing in the Subftance of the Paper used by the said Commissioners for such Permits, Certificates, Tickets or Receipts shall be visible; or if any Perfon (except as before excepted) shall knowingly have in his or her Cuflody or Poflef-fion, without lawful Excufe (the Proof whereof shall be on the Perfon accufed) any Paper whatsoever, in the Subftance of which the Words, Marks or Devices peculiar to and appearing in the Subftance of Paper used by the said Commiflioncrs for such Permits, Certificates, Tickets or Receipts for Taxes shall be vifibJe; or if any Perfon (except as before excepted) shall by any Art, Myftery, or Contrivance, cause or procure, or knowingly aid or assist in causing or procuring the Words, Marks or Devices peculiar to and appearing in the Subftance of the Paper used by the said Commifiioners for such Permits, Certificates, Tickets or Receipts, to appear visible in the Subftance of any Pap er whatever; or if any Perfon (not authorized or appointed as aforefaid) shall engrave, call, cut or make, or cause to be engraven, cast, cut or made any Plate, Type or other Thing, in Imitation of or to resemble any Plate or Type made or used by the Dire&ion of the said Commiflioners for the Purpofe of marking or printing of the Paper to be used for such Permits, Certificates, Tickets or Receipts; every Perfon, fb offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for the Term of his or her Lite, or for the Term of Seven Years, as the Court who shall try such Perfon shall direct.

X. And be it further enabled, That all the Powers, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said recited A& of the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the issuing and granting of Permits arid Certificates, shall be applied and put in force in the Execution of this A<ft, as fully and effectually as if the fame were repeated and re-enaCted in this Adi, except so far as the fame are exprdsly altered or repealed by this or any other Act or Adis.

269

Penalty on

unauthorized Perfon* making or having fuck Moulds;

or malting any such Paper;

or having any

fuch in their PofTelfion;

or canfing the Word* used by Excife Office to appear in any Paper;

or engraving or making any such Plate or Type. Felony; Seven Yean Traofportation, &c.

Powers of 40 G. 3. (1.) c. 68. extended to thin Adfc.

CAP.

A*Dt 1808.

*7*	C.84.	48°	GEO.	III.

•and it is expedient to remove such Doubts;’.be it therefore declared and enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Proviiions, and Claufes contained in any Adi or Adis of Parliament palled for the Prevention of Smuggling in relation to the flopping, arresting, and detaining any Perfons liable to be (lopped, arrelied, or detained under the said recited Adi of the last Seffion of Parliament, or any other Adi or Adis passed for the Prevention of Smuggling, shall extend and be deemed and construed to extend to every Warrant and Non-commiffioned Officers of His Majefty’s Army, not being below the Rank of a Seijeant, who hath been or shall be approved of by the Officer for the Time being commanding the Regiment in which he serves, as proper and qualified to patrol for the Purpofe of preventing illicit Pradlices on the Revenue, under the said recited Adi of the lafl Seffion of Parliament.

Pedcms mating VI. And be it further enacted, That every Officer or other Per-Scizum, who fon making Seizure of any Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, who shall also stall carry	arrest, (lop, and detain any One or more of the Performs found on

^?rael\!? R1BJ board of any Ship, Vcffel, or Boat, in or on board of which such ftaU be rewarded^ Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, shall have been or shall be brought, m under 47 p.a. found, or seized, and shall take and carry him or them, being a Sea-ft.3ic.titi. &120. man or Seamen, a Seafaring Man or Sea-faring Men, to any Ship or Veflel of War in His Majefty’s Service, or to the Cuftody of any Officer employed in His Majefty’s Imprefs Service, under the Powers, Authorities, and Provifions contained in the said recited Adi of the last Seffion of Parliament, shall be entitled to and shall have and receive the like Reward, in Proportion to the Value of the Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, seized, as if such Perfon or Perfons were carried before One or more of His Majefty’s Juft ices of the Peace.

VII. * And whereas it is expedient that the Provifion contained

•	in an Adi passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Ma-

•	jefty King George the Second, in relation to the seizing Spirits and •Tea offered for Sale by Perfons not having Permit, and Hawkers

•	and Pedlars and Perfons going from House to Houfc, should be re-

•	pealed, and more efTedlual Provifion made in relation theretobe

9G.s.c.n5.$20. it therefore further enacted, That the said Provifion in the said Adi rehttng to	contained shall be and the fame is hereby repealed: And from and

Seizures of after tjie pafljng Qf this Adi, if any Perfon shall offer for Sale any remled! *** Tea, Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or other Foreign Spirits, or any To-Uotkenfcd bacco or Snuff, not being licensed to deal therein, and not having Peifbnt offering a Permit for the fame, or if any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman,

an* ** or other trading Perfon or Perfons going from Town to Town, or to • Kp,r tp & * other Men’s Houfcs, and trading either on Foot or with any Horse andHawkm?&e. or ^or^es or other Cattle, or o'herwife, within the Kingdom of so offering for * .fiveat Britain, shall offer for Sale any Tea, Brandy, Rum, Geneva, Sale Ten or or other Spirits, or any Tobacco or Snuff, although he shall have a Spirits,	Permit for the fame, it shall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons to

though they have w}jOTn the fame shall be so offered for Sale to flop, arrest, and detain Pcnmta, may the Perfon so offering the fame for Sale, and to seize all such Tea, taken hclore a Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or other Spirits, Tobacco and Snuff, and Juftice, and carry the fame to the next Warehouse, belonging to the Cuftoms or proceeded ogainft Excife, and to carry the Perfon so offering the lame for Sale before **rn?ltr	any One of His Majefty’s Juftjces of the Peace, who may theteupon

I7G s*Va-c*6C." require such Perfon to enter into Recognizance, in Manner directed {36, &c.	*	by the said Adi of the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His pre-

fat

fent Majefy, and such Perfon shall thereupon he subject to all the Provifions in the said Ad contained, in relation to Recognizances taken from Perfons seized as Smugglers, and (if the Offender shall be a Subjed of His Majesty and a Seaman or Seafaring Man, and capable of fenring in His Majefty’s Navy) may fend such Perfon to the Cuftody of some Officer of the Imprefe Service, by him to be dealt with according to the said recited Ad of the last Seffion of Parliament, or otherwise to be by such Juftice committed to Prifon, and prosecuted for the Penalties and Forfeitures incurred for such Offence, and such Tea, Brandy, Rum, Geneva, and other Spirits, Tobacco and Snuff, may be prosecuted in the Name of the Perfon or Perfons who so {topped and seized the fame, in like Manner as if the laid Goods had been seized by an Officer of the Cuftoms or Excife, and after Condemnation of the Goods or Commitment of the Offender, the Perfon or Perfons having seized such Goods, and detained such Perfon so offering the fame for Sale, shall be entitled to Five Pounds, if one Moiety of the Value at which such Goods shall be estimated and fixed as in the (aid recited Ad of the last Seffion of Parliament mentioned, shall not exceed such Sum of Five Pounds; and if a Moiety of such Value shall exceed Five Pounds, then a Moiety of such Value, which the Commissioners of the Cuftoms and Excife re-fpe&ively are to cause to be paid in like Manner as Rewards are paid under the said recited Ad of the last Seffion of Parliament; and such Perfon or Perfons so arresting any such Offender shall also be entitled to such further Rewards as by any Law now in force are given to any Officer or Non-commiffioned Officer of His Majefty’s Army, Navy, or Marines, for flopping, arresting, and detaining any Offender against any. Ad or Ads of Parliament passed for the Prevention of Smuggling.

VIII.	* And whereas by the said recited Ad of the last Seffion •of Parliament, Justices of the Peace are empowered to take Cog* 4 nizance of Offences and Forfeitures committed or arising on toe 4 High Sea8,and without the Limits of the County, City, Town, or f Place, of and in which they ad as such Justices of the Peace; and 4 it is expedient that like rower should be given to His Majefty’s 4 Court of filing’s Bench, and to Justices of Oyer and Terminer and 4 Gaol Delivery respectively ;* be it therefore enacted, That'from and after the passing of this Ad, in all Cafes in which His Maiefty’s Court of King’s Bench, or any Juftice or Justices of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, are empowered to take Cognizance of any Afiault or Obftrudion of any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms or % Excife, Army, Navy, or Marines, or of any Felony or other Offence against, or of any Forfeiture incurred, under any Ad «or Ads of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made relating to the Revenue of Cbftoms or Excife, it shall be lawful for the said Court of King’s Bench, and for such Juftice or Justices of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery for any County, City, Town, or Place respectively, to take Cognizance of such Affault or Obftru&ions, Feionics, Offences, or Forfeitures, as if the fame Affaults or Obftruc-tfqns, Feionics, or Offences had been committed, or the fame For-

eune or Forfeitures had been incurred on Land within the respective ifdidions of the (aid Court or Justices.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That all Perfons, being Subjeds rf His Majesty, who shall, after the First Day of Augufi One thou-48 Geo* III	T	fand

Kira’s Bench, &c. may take Cognizance of Offences against Cuftoms and Excife on the High Seas.

[See 47	3.

Penalty on Perfons'in any lutUceofal Veffd

A.D. 1808

"*■*—•74

C.84.

48* GEO. lit.

4m1£n0Hy*s Cotft, See.

or Snuff on board, See. Felony and Vranfoortatino,

tVoloffttek

Offmden may be bailed by iuperior Courts.

45G.il. c.m. St 47 G. 3. ft. a. a. 66. so far as applicable .to Guemfry, Sic. extended to Man. [£<* 4S G. 3. c. 15J. §3, 4, 1, 6, IO, & 13. 47 G. tl*. 66. f 11,1s, 1,V ffTai.]

land tight hundred and eighty voluntarily and without His Majefty’i Licence, or the Licence of His Majefty’s Privy Couneil, or of One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or of the First Lord of the Admiralty, or other Fufficient lawful Authority, and without any sufficient Excufe for the fame, proceed and fail' in any Ship, Veflel, or Boat, to any Road or Harbour upon the Coast; of any of His Majefty’s Enemies, or shall be found in any Ship, VeiTel, or Boat lying on the Coaft or in any Road or Harbour of any Country belonging to His Majefty’s Enemies, without any such Licence or Authority, or sufficient Excufe as afbresaid, or under the Protection of any Batteries or other Force on such Coafts, or under the Protection of any Veffel belonging to His Majefty’s Enemies, having on board or having had on hoard on such Voyage, or being in such Harbour, or upon such Coast, or under the Protection of Rich Batteries, with Intent to take on board any Spirits, Tea,. Tobacco, or Snuis, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall be Hable to be transported for 4my Term not exceeding Seven Years.

X. And be it further enacted, That any such Offence as last afore-faid may be alleged, laid, enquired of, and tried in any County, Shire, Or Stewartry of this Realm.

XL And be k further enacted, That in cafe any Perfon {hall be committed for any Offence against this Ad to any Common Gaol or Place, there tef remain till delivered*by due Coiirfe of Law, it shall be lawful for any of the Justices of His Majefty’s Courts at Wejl* mtnfier, or for any of the Barons of the Exchequer, being of the Degree of the Coif, or for the Lord Juftice Clerk, or any the Commif-uoners of Judiciary in Scotland, if upon Application made he shall think it reafonahle, to admit such Perfon to Bail, he or (he giving sufficient Security for his or her Appearance to answer the Matters wherewith he or (he shall be charged.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Two recked Ads of the Forty-fifth and Forty-feventh Years of His pre-font Majefty’s Reign, and of this Ad, and all the Penalties, Forfeitures, Provilions, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, as are applicable and extend to the I Hands of Guernfey, Jersey, and Aldemey% shall, from and after the palling of this Ad, extend and be deemed and construed to extend to the Isle of Man, in as full and ample Manner as the fame extend to the said Iflands of Guernfey, Jersey, and Alderney, and as if the said Ifle had in the said recited Ads been expressly named with the said Iftands in all the Claufes and Provilions in which the said Iflands are mentioned.

XIII.	4 Aod whereas Bonds and Securities taken by Officers re*

4 lating to the Revenue and Bulinefs of Hia-Majeftv’s Cuftoms (ex- • 4 cept Bonds taken for Duties on Payment of Money, or for the 4 good Behaviour of Officers in the Execution of their Duty) are,

4 by an Ad passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His prefont 4 Majesty, made and declared to be void if no Prosecutions mall be 4 commenced for the Breach or Non-performance of any Covenant or 4 Condition therein contained, within the Space of Five Years from .4 the Date of such Bonds or Securities: And whereas many Bonds 4 relating to the Revenue and Bufinefs of His Majefty’s Cuftoms {be-'

4 fides such Bonds as in the said recited Ad are excepted) are taxes 4 with Conditions which cannot be completely performed within Five 4 Years from the Date thereofbe it therefore further enacted.

That

I

AJO. x8o8.

48® GEO. III.	C.	84/85*	86.	afs

That every such Bond as aforesaid, which has heretofore been or Bonds entered

/hall hereafter be entered into in relation to the Revenue or Bufmefs

of His Majefly’s Cuftoms, /hall remain and continue in full Force ^iiin in foire

for Two Years, and may be prosecuted and put in Suit at any Time Two Year* from

within Two Years from the Time limited in the Condition of every the Tune limited

fuch Bond respectively, for the Performance thsreof, any Thing in for Performance

the laid Aft contained to the contrary thereof not with (landing; and

from and after the Expiration of such Two Years as aforesaid, every \	Gr*3*

fuch Bond, upon which no Profecution or Suit /hall have been com*’	J

meneed, /hall be void, and may be cancelled and destroyed as in the

faid Aft is directed.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That it /hall not be lawful for Bondi °*J. any Officer of His Majefty’s Cuftoms to cancel any Bond given upon the granting of any Licence or Licences for the Navigation of any canceled till Veffel or Boat, and for the preventing the Owner or any other Per- Licences 0uU fon using or employing such Ve/Tel or Boat contrary to the Laws in have been force for the Prevention of Smuggling, or to deliver up any such Bond delivered up to the Obligor or Obligors, or tiny other Perfon, until the Licence or 14 Mom"# Licences in respect whereof-fuch Bond was given hath been delivered up to the proper Officer of the Cuftoms for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months, or the Penalty of such Bond hath been paid to His Majesty.

CAP, LXXXV.

An Aft to regulate the Trade between Great Britain and the United States of America until the End of the next Seffion of Parliament.	[23d	Jw*	1808.3

“ Goods of the Growth, &C. of the United States of America, not prohibited, may be imported into Great Britain in Veflels of Bri* '

“ tifb or American Built, &c. § 1. Such Goods may^be landed on 44 Payment of the lowed Duties, payable on 'the like Articles from 44 other foreign Countries, iu British or foreign Bottoms refpec-44 tively. § 2. American Tobacco /hall be subject to the fame Duty as '

44 Tobacco imported by British Subjefts from the Brittjb Coionics,

44 and American Snuff to the fame Duty as European Snuff imported 44 from Europe* Such Tobacco and Snuff may be warehoused, &c.

44 under Regulations of 29 G. 3. c. ( %. 30 G. 3. r. 40, &c. and shall 44 be accompanied by a Manifeft. § 3. Like Drawbacks /hall be 44 allowed on the Exportation of fuen Goods as on other 'foreign 44 Goods; and on British Goods to America the like Drawbacks as 4( to the Brittjb Colonies. Duties payable to Corporations, &c. not 44 to be affected. § 4. Duties /hall be levied and applied as other 44 Duties of Cuftoms and Excife. $ 5. His Majesty in Council may 41 suspend the Provifions of this AH. § 6. Continuance of Aft,

“ End of next Seffion. § 7/’

CAP. LXXXVI.

At* Aft to revive and continue until the Twenty-fifth Day ot March One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Aft of the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty for the more •39^.3.* 100. effectual Encouragement of the British Filheries.

[2 id. June 1808.I

CAP.

Ta

All former Races repealeL

Near Rates, according to Schedules (A.) and (fi.)

Fares how to be calculated.

02 G. a. c.47.

39*40 G.3. c. 47.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An A€t for repealing the Rates and Taxes taken by licensed Hackney Coaclimen, and for eftabliQiing others in lieu there* of j and for amending several Laws relating to Hackney Coaches.	[23d	June	1808.]

4 WT HEREAS the Rates afid Fares to be taken by Hackney

*	W Coaclimen, and Perfons legally acting under them, for the

*	Hire of Hackney Coaches, have, in consequence of the greatly

*	advanced Prices of Provender and every other Article relative to

*	Coaches and Horfes, been found in some Inftances to be infuiS-

*	cient, and otherwise objedionable in consequence of the Difficulty 4 of calculating the fame: And whereas it is therefore expedient

*	that the Rates and Fares enumerated and fet forth in all former 4 Ads of Parliament should be repealed, and others substituted in 4 lieu thereof; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be 4 ena&edand be it enacted b/the King’s moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament alsembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the paffiog of this Ad, all the Rates and Fares enumerated and fet forth in former Ads of Parliament, and heretofore taken for the Hire of Hackney Coaches within the Cities of London and IVefimtnJler, and the Suburbs thereof, and within all and every the Parilhes and Places comprized within the weeekly Bills of Mortality, or other Places, within which such Hackney Coaches are compellable to go or be driven, shall be repealed ; and in lieu thereof, every Perion who now is or shall hereafter be licensed by the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches for the Time being; or the major Part of them, to drive, keep, and let to Hire by the Hour or Day, or otherwise any Hackney Coach with Horfes, Geldings, and Mares, within the Cities of. London or Wefiminfier^ or the Suburbs of the fame, or within the Parifhcs and Places comprized within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or any other Place or rlaces within which, by any of the Laws now in force, such Hackney Coachmen are compellable to go, or any Perfon acting legally, under any such licensed Perfon, (hali be entitled to, and may demand, receive and take, for the Hire of any such Hackney Coach, the Rates and Fares deferibed, men-’ tioned, and fet forth in Figures in either of the Two Schedules or Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.) calculating for Time, or Distance, at the Option-of such Coachman.

II.	And be it further enacted. That from and after the passing of this Ad the Rates ;ind Fares of Hackney Coaches shall be calculated by the Hour or4 Mile only, and cot aifo by the Day, as allowable 4 heretofore.

III.	* And whcre&s by an Ad, passed in the Thirty-fecond 4 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, entituled, An Ad

4 explain and amend so much of an Ad, made in the Seventh Tear of the .4 Reign of His present Majesty, at relates to Hackney Coaches and 4 Chairs : And whereas by one other Ad, made and passed in the 4 Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present 4 Majesty, intituled. An AB for repealing the Rates and Fares taken 4 by licensed Hackney Coaclimen, and for efablifbing other Rates and 4 Faru m lieu thereof and for explaining and amending several Lams

4	4	relating

*77

48° geo. nr.	c. 87.

4 relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs9 Hackney Coachmen are « obliged and compellable after Sunfettogo certain Distances, therein * refpe&irely fist forth, beyond the Cities of London and IVeJlminfter 4 and the Suburbs thereof: And whereas the Period of Sunfet hat 4 been found constantly liable to Difpute ;* be it therefore enacted. That from and after the pafing of this Ad, every Hackney Coach-man plying for Hire within the Cities of London or Wefindnfter9 or the Suburbs thereof, shall be obliged and compellable on every Day of the Week, after the Hour of Eight in the Evening between the Periods of Lady Day and Michaelmas Day, and after the Hour of Five in the Evening between Michaelmas Dan and Lady Day9 to go the several Distances, and under the several Circumftances mentioned and contained in the said recited Ads respectively.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That for every Hackney Coach hired in any Part of the Cities of London orWeJndnJler9 or the Suburbs thereof, the Borough of Southwark or any Place adjoining thereto, where there is a regular Continuation of Carriageway Pavement from either of the said Cities or Borough, or at any Standing for Hackney Coaches beyond any such regular Continuation of Carriageway Pavement, after the Hour of Eight in the Evening between the Periods of Lady Day and Michaelmas Day9 and after the Hour of Five in the Evening between the Periods of Michaelmas Day and Lady Day, and taken to and discharged at any Place where there is not a regular Continuation of Carriageway Pavement, there shall or may be. aemandable and demanded, and payable and paid, over and above the ordinary eftabliihed Fare payable according to the annexed Schedules, for the Hire of every such Coach the full Rate or Fare allowed by this A&, to the nearest Extremity of continued Carriageway Pavement; or, where inch Hackney Coach shall have been hired or 'taken at any Standing for Hackney Coaches beyond any such regular Continuation of Carriageway Pavement, there shall be denmnoable and paid, over and above the ordinaiy eftabliihed Fare as aforesaid, the full Rate or Fare back either to (uch Standing or to the nearest Extremity of continued Carriageway Pavement, at the Option of the Perfon discharging such Coach: And for every Hackney Coach which (hail be hired or taken to be driven into the Country in the Day-time, and driven thither and there discharged, there shall be demandable from the Perfon or Perfons so hiring ana discharging such Coach, for the Return thereof to the nearest Extremity of continued Carriageway Pavement, if such Coach shall have been taken in any Part of the Cities of London or Wejhmnjler9 or the Suburbs thereof, the Borough of Southwark or any Place adjoining thereto, where there is a regular Continuation of Carriageway Pavement from either of the said Cities or Borough; or, if taken at any Place beyond any such regular Continuation of Carriageway Pavement, then for the Return thereof to such latter Place whence taken, over and above the ordinary eftabliihed Fare payable according to the annexed Schedules, for the Hire of every such Coach, the additional Rates and Fares following; that is to (ay, for Ten Miles Five Shillings, for Eight Miles Four Shillings, for Six Miles Three Shillings, and for Four Miles Two Shillings 1 but no Allowance for Return to be piade for any lesser Diftance than Four Miles, so calculated.

V.	* And whereas Hackney Coachmen so discharged in the Coun-4 try have, contrary to Right, and to the Prejudice of the ftated

T 3	1	figured

Hackney Coach*

to no the Diftances . specified is recited AAa within the Periods herein

Evening Back Fares beyond Carriageway Pavements. '

Back ftre of Coaches hiaed to go more thaw 4 M iles into the Country.

378

A.D. l So8

C.87.

48? GEO. m.

Penalty on

Hackney Coaches plying for Hire when returning to Town,

3l. to 20*

Kaelreey Coaches {ball carry 4 Irifide and a Servant outside.

Fares for additional Numbers.

Advance of Fare to Coaches kept siting.

Compenlation to Hackney M Coachmen improperly fmnmoned for not taking Fqfcns.

4* figured Stages, been in the frequent rfabit of plying for and pick''

*	ing up promifeuous Paffengers, thereby fconverting their Hackney

*	Coaches into Stagesbe it therefore enabled, That every Hackney Coachman so offending, and being thereof coftvi&ed by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, before the major Part of the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Penalty not exceeding Three Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings, in the Difcretion of the major Part of the said Commissioners: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent or hinder any such Hackney Coacliman, so returning from the Country, from taking up regular Fares in the proper Courfe of his Employment.

VT. * And whereas Disputes have frequently arisen, and do fre-r

*	quently arise where Hackney Coachmen refule to carry more than

*	Four Paflengers; for Remedy whereof,* be it further enacted, That every Hackney Coachman (hail be obliged and compellable to carry Four adult Perfons inside his Coach, and a Servant outside, if required, at one and the fame Time, and he shall not be compellable to carry above that Number; but if he shall agree to take above that Num-r her, he shall be entitled to demand and receive for every such addr* tional adult Perfon whom he shall so agree to cany, and shall carry* One Shilling over and above the regular Fare; or it he shall have been hired to drive into the Country, and shall drive thither, and there shall wait, and shall return witn any such additional adult Perfon, he shall be entitled to demand and receive for every such additional adult Perfon whom he shall so agree to carry, and shall carry into the Country, and after waiting, return with. One Shilling for going and One Shilling for returning, over and above his regular Fare:

VII.	c And whereas it hath frequently occurred, that Perfons c hiring and taking Hackney Coaches to VauxhalU or other Places

*	of publick Refort, and elsewhere, have directed the Drivers thereof < to wait, and have not returned, to the great Lofs and Prejudice of

*	the Owners of such Coaches $ for Remedy whereof,’ be it further, enacted, That from and after the palling of this A€t it shall be lawful for every Hackney Coachman so hired and taken, and directed to wait, and they are hereby empowered to a(k, demand, and receive of and from the Perfon or Perfons so hiring and directing them to wait as aforesaid, a reasonable Sum in Hand, over and above the Fare to which they respectively shall be entitled for driving thither, the Sum so received to be accounted for when every such Coach shall be finally difeharged* ‘

VIII.	‘ And whereas by the Laws now in force, Hackney Coach-

*	men are not obliged or compellable to go with Perfons desirous of*

*	hiring their Coaches, provided they shall have been out Twelve *• Hours: And whereas Hackney Coachmen have been oftentimes

*	improperly Summoned toanfwer for Refufal, to the great prejudice ‘ and Lofs both of themselves and their Matters;’ be it therefore further enacted, That every Hackney Coachman who shall, in civil and explicit Terms, declare to any Perfon or. Perfons desirous to engage his Coach, either that he hath been at work Twelve Hours with his Coach and Horfes, or that he is adualiy hired, and shall afterwards, notwithstanding such Reply, be summoned to answer. for Refufal, and shall, upon the hearing of the Complaint, produce Sufficient Evidence to prove that he had been then Twelve Hours at



48® GEO. III.	C.	87.

Work, or that he wa9 at the Time actually and Bondfide hired (at the Cafe may be), and it shall not appear that such Hackney Coach* ma t had used any uncivil Language, or had improperly conduced himself towards the Party by whom he shall be lb uimmooed, such Hackney Coachman shall not be punished for such Refufal; and it shall be lawful for the Commiffionera for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches, before whom such Complaint shall be heard, ana they are hereby empowered, to require the Perfon who shall have fummohed such Coachman to make to him a Compenfation for hia Lofs of Time in attending the Office, not exceeding the Sum of Five Shillings, nor less than Three Shillings, to be levied and recovered as any Penalty may be levied and recovered under any A& of ParHa* ment relating to Hackney Coaches.

IX.	* And whereas the Owners of Hackney Coaches, regularly 9 licensed, have been heretofore greatly prejudiced and aggrieved by

*	the Interference of the Owners or Drivers of the stated figured

*	Stages with the regular Street-work of Hackney Coaches ; for Re-1 medy whereof/ be it further enacted, That no Owner or Driver of any stated figured Stage, on his Way to London, shall take up any Perfon as ana for a Pafienger in his Coach after he shall have entered the paved Streets of London or Westminster, or the Borough of Southwark, at any of the Extremities thereof rcfpe&ively ; nor shall any such Owner or Driver of any such stated figured Stage, on his Re* turn into the Country, take up any Perfon as and for a Pafienger in his Coach, for the Purpofe ot fettmg down such Pafienger in any of the paved Streets of London or Westminster, or Borough of South-waarl, such Owner or Driver well knowing at the Time when he shall take up such Pafienger that it is his Intention to get out of such Stage in any of the paved Streets of London or WcBminfier, or Borough of Southwark, under a Penalty for every such Offence of any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings, in the Difcretion of the Commifiioners for licensing Hackney Coaches, or the major Part of them, before whom any Complaint in this Behalf shall be heard ; or if any Perfon, being an Qwner of such stated figured Stage, shall offend a Second Time in this Behalf, it shall be lawful for the Commifiioners, or the major Part of them, before whom such Complaint shall be heard, and they are hereby empowered to revoke the Licence of such Owner so offending more than once; yet nevertheless, so that no such Owner or Driver shall be liable to any Penalty for any such Offence, if any Perfon whom he shall have so taken up and fet down in any of the paved Streets of London or Wejhntnfltr, or the Borough of Southwark, shall have previoufiy taken his Place for the Country at One of the regular Booking Houses, and paid the full Fare accordingly.

X.	And be it further enacted. That no Owner of any stated figured Stage shall have more than Two Booking Houfes between the Places from whence his Stage shall fet out in Tpwn and Coun-

nor shall remain more than Twenty Minutes at any one of such Booking Houses, under a Penalty for every such Offence of any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Twenty Shillings, in the Difcretion of the Commifiioners for licensing Hackney Coaches* or the major Part of them, before whom such Complaint shall bp ktard in this Behalf. .

74	XI.JU4

Penalty on numbered Coaches {dying in tha Streets.

Firft Offeree, SL10 80s.

Second Offeree, Forfeiture qf Licence.

Booking Houses, &c. of numbered Stage Coaches,

A.D.i8o8.

C. 87.

48° GEO. m.

Perfons mding more than their Fere*, liable te all former Feiwluee.

XI. v And be it further enacted, That if any Hackney Coacliman, his Renter or Driver, shall exa£t or take more for his or their Hire than the several Rates hereby limited, he or they shall, for every such Offence, be subject and liable to such and the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punifhments, to be levied, recovered, suffered, and in-jii&ed by such Perfons, and in such and the like Manner and Form, as by any Law or Laws now in being respecting such Hackney Coaclimen, their Renters or Drivers; and. that the several Rates and Fares herein-before mentioned shall and may be recovered in fuel} and the like Manner as the Fares of Hackney Coachmen are by any Ad or Ads of Parliament nOw recoverable.

“ General Iflue.—Treble Cofts. § 12.”

SCHEDULES to which this Ad refers*

SCHEDULE or TABLE (A.)

For every Hackney Coach hired and taken any Diftance there shall be paid the Rates and Fares following; that is to fay.

For every Diftance within Above One Mile.

Above One Mile and a Half Above Two Miles Above Two Miles and a Half Above Three Miles Above Three Miles and a Half Above Four Miles Above Four Miles and a Half Above Five Miles Above Five Miles and a Half Above Six Miles Above Six Miles and a Half Above Seven Miles -Above Seven Miles and a Half Above Eght Miles Above Eight Miles and a Half Above Nine Miles Above Nine Miles and a Half Above Ten Miles Above Teh Miles and a Half Above Eleven Miles Above Eleven Miles and a Half,/

/pne Mile One Mile and a Half Two Miles

Two Miles and a Half Three Miles	-	.

Three Miles and a Half Four Miles Four Miles and a Half Five Miles

Five Miles and a Half Six Miles

Si^ Miles and a Half Seven Miles Seven Miles and a Half Eight Miles	;-

Eight Miles and a Half Nine Miles

Nine Miks and a Half Tea Miles

Ten Miles and a Half Eleven Miles Eleven Miles and a Half vTwelve Miles

1

1

2

3

3

4

4

5

6 6

7

8 8

9

9

10

11 11 ta *3 *3 *4 «5

d.

6

$

o

o

6

o

6

6

o

6

6

o

£

o

6

&

o

6

o

a

6

6

6

And so for any further Diftance after the like Rate and Proportion of Sixpence for every Half Mile* and an additional Sixpence for every Two Miks completed.

schedule;

48° GEO. III.

C»8^> 88.

ate

SCHEDULE or TABLE (B.)

For every Hackaey Coach hired and taken for any Time there shall be pa^d the Rates and Fares following; that is to fay.

For any Time within

Above Thirty Minutes

Above Fdrty-five Minutes

Above One Hour

Above One Hour Twenty Minutes

Above'One Hour Forty Minutes

Above Two Hours

Above Two Hours Twenty Minutes

Above Two Hours Forty Minutes

Above Three Hours

Above Three Hours Twenty Minutes

Above Three Hours Forty Minutes

	rThirty Minutes Forty-five Minuteq One Hour
	
K3	One Hour Twenty Minutes
8  u	One Hour Forty Minutes
M	Two Hours
	: Two Hours Twenty Minutes
S	Two Hours Forty Minutes
TO  s	Three Hours
<	Three Hours Twentv Minutes
1	Three Hours Forty Minutes
J L Four Hours	

«*. d

1 o

1	6

2	o

3	o

4	0

7	o

8	o

9	o

ic o

il o

And for any further Time after the Rate and Proportion of Sixpence for every Fifteen Minutes.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Aft to restrain the Negotiation of PromifTory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, in England,

[23d June 1808.J

4 TXT HE REAS various Notes, Bills of Exchange, and Drafts

•	W for Money for very small Sums have for some Time past f been circulated or negotiated in lieu of Calh, within that Part of

•	Great Britain called England, to the great Prejudice of Trade and ‘ pubtick Credit, and many of such Bills and Drafts being pay-4 able under certain Terms and Reftriftions which the poorer Sort of 4 Manufacturers, Artificers, Labourers, and others cannot comply 4 with, otherwiie than by being subject to great Extortion and Abuse:

4 And whereas an A&, palled in the Fifteenth Year#f the Reign of 1:, G. 3. c.

4 His present Majesty, intituled, An Aft to redrain the Negotiation ^akd?

4 of Promiffbry Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited 4 ounty within that Part of Great Britain, called England, for presenting the circulating such Notes and'Drafts: And whereas

•	Doubts have arisen as to the Power of Justices of the Peace to hear c and determine Offences under the said Aft; and it is therefore ex* c pedient that more effectual Provifions should be made for enforcing f the ProvHions of the said Aft be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame.

That from and after the palling of this Aft, the laid recited Aft Ihall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That all PromHTory or other Proiniflon Notes, Bills of Exchange or Drafts, or Undertakings in Writing, .ior IcfstUn being negotiable or transferable for the Payment of any Sum or d«ckred?ow. Sams of Money, or any Orders, Notes or Undertakings in Writing, being negotiable or transferable for the Delivery of any Goods,

(pacifying their Value in Money, left than the Sum of Twenty Shil-

■ lings

384

C. 88.

A.D. 18c?.

Perwfcy on Perfons uttering liach Notes, *08. to *1.

Jofliees may determine on 'tech Offences within 20 Pays.

YVraltyn

Whiteffes not Mending, 40*.

Form of Conviction.

Returnable to the Quarter Seffions.

48® GEO. IIT.

lings in the Whole, heretofore made or issued, or which (Lali hereafter be made or issued, shall from and after the Fir ft; Daw of Cooler One thousand eight hundred and eight, be and the fame arc Kerch/ declared to be absolutely void and of no Effed ; any Law, Statute, Ufage or . Cuftom, to the contrary thereof in any wife not with* Handing.

III.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons shall after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, by any Art* Device, or Means whatsoever, publish or utter any such Notes, Bills, Drafts, or Engagements as rforesaid, for a less Sum than Twenty Shillings, or on which less than the Sum of Xwenty Shillings shall be due, and which shall be in any wife negotiable or transferable, or shall negotiate or transfer the fame, every such Perfon shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, at the Difcretion of the Juft ice of the Peace who shall hear and determine such Offence*

IV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Juftice or Justices of the Peace, acting for the County, Riding, ‘City, or Place within which any Offence against this Ad shall be committed, to hear and determine the fame in a luminary Way, at any Timt within Twenty Days after such Offence shall have been committed ; a?d such Juftice or Justices, upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made upon Oath in that Behalf, shall summon the Party accused, and also the Witneffes on either Side, and shall examine into the Matter of Fad, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confeflion of tne Party or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, or otkerwife, (which Oath such Juftice or Justices is or are hereby authorized to administer,) shall convict th* Offender, and adjudge the Penalty for such Offence.

V.	And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon shall be fum-nioned as a Witnefs to give Evidence before such Juftice or Justices, either on the Part of the Profecutor or the Perfon accused, and shall neeled or refuse to appear at the Time or Place to be for that Pur-pole appointed Utthout a reasonable Excufe for such hi9 Negled or Refufal, to be allowed by such Juftice or Justices, then such Perfon shall forfeit for every such Offence, the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such Manner and by such Means as are di-reded for Recoveiy of other Penalties under this Ad.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That the Juftice or Justices before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Convidion to be made out, in the Manner and Form following ; (that is to fay,)

*	BE ** remembered, That on the	Day of

4 in the Year of our Lord	A. B.

4 having appeared before me far, us] One [or more]of His Majefty's

*	Juftices of the Peace [as the Cafe may be~\ for the County, Riding,

4 City, or Place, [as the Cafe may he\ and due Proof having been

*	made upon‘Oath by One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, or 4 by Confeflion of the Party [as the Cafe may be~] is convicted of

*	[fyecifying the Offence]. Given under my Hand and Seal [or,

4 our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforefaid**

Which Convidion the said Juftice or Justices shall cause to be returned to the then next General Quarter Seflions of the Peace of the County,

Riding*

A.D. 1808.	4**	GEG.	Ill;	C.88.

Riding, City, or Place where such Convi&ipn was made, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, to remain and be kept among the Records of such County, Riding, City, or Place.

VII.	Pro tided always, and be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful fqr any Clerk ox the Peace for any County, Riding, City, or Place, and he is hereby required, upon Application made to him by any Perfon or Perfons for that Purpose, to cause a Copy or Copies of any Conviction or Convictions filed by him under the Direction* of this A&» to be forthwith delivered to such Perfon or Perfons upon Payment of One Shilling for every such Copy.

VIII,	And be it further enaaed, That the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures hereby incurred and made payable upon any Conviction against this ACt, shall be forthwith paid by the Perfon con* visted, as follows: One Moiety of the Forfeiture to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parifli or Place where the the Offence shall be committed j and in cafe fucb Perfon shall refuse or ncgled to pay the fame, or to give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Juftice or Juft ices to prosecute any Appeal against fiich Convi&ion, such Juftice qr Juft ices shall by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, caqfe the fame to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, together with all Cofts and Charges attending such Diftrefs and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner; and which said Warrant Oi Diftrefs the said Juftice or Justices shall cause to be made qut in the Manner ahd Form following; (that is to fay,)

4 To the Constable, Headborough, or Tythingman of f IJERpAS A. B. of	in	the	County	of

*	is	this	Day	convicted	before me [or, us]

1 One [ or more] of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace [at the Cafe 4 may he] for the County of	[or,	for the

f	Riding	of the County of Torhf] or for the Town, Liberty,

4 or DiftriCt oF	the	Cafe	may be'] upon the Oath

*	of	or	a credible Witnels or

4 Witneffes [or, by Confeifion of the Party, ai the Cafe may be] for 4 that the said A. B. hath \here fet forth the Offence] contrary to the f Statute in that Cafe made and provided, by reason whereof the said 4 A• B» hath forfeited the Sum of	to	be

f distributed as herein is mentioned, which he hath refused to pay:

4 These are therefore, in His Majefty’s Name, to command you to 4 levy the said Sum of	by	Diftrefs of the Good*

4 ana Chattels of him the said A. B. and if within the Space of Five 4 Days next after such Diftrefs by you taken, the said Sum, together ? with the reasonable Charges ot taking the fame, shall not be paid, 4 then that you do fell the said Goods and Chattels so by you dif-4 trained, and out of the Money arising by such Sale, that you do 4 One-half of the said Sum of	to

4 of	who	informed	me [or, us, as the Cafe /ball be] of

4 the said Offence, and the other Half of the said Sum ot

*	to the Overfeer of the Poor of the Parifh, Township, or Place

*	where the Offence was committed, to be employed for the Benefit 4 of such Poor, returning the Overplus (if any) upon demand, to the 4 said A. B. the reasonable Charges of taking, keeping, and felling

firft deluded; anq if sufficient Diftrefs

< cannot

1 the laid Diftrefs being

083

Copies of Coiw&QPSe

Recovery inf

Application

orPeotkieSt

Form of 0 to Warrant of -

Diftreft.

C.88.

A*D» 18oSt

*84

Security for Appearance of Party, on Return of such Warrant*,

Offenders may be

committed for pint ofpifireb.

Farifhtaam may be Witncffes.

Conri&ioni not removable by Certiorari

Limitation of A&ions.

48° GEO. QL

*	cannot be found 'of the Goods and Chattels of the laid A.B*

*	whereon to levy the said Sum of	that

*	then you certify the lame to me, [or, us, as the Cafe Jball fe] to-

*	gether with this Warrant. Given under my Hand and Seal [*r9

*	out Hands and Seals] the	Day	of

* in the Year of our Lord	*•

IX.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Juftice or Justices to order such Offender to be detained in iafe Custody until Return may conveniently be had and made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Party so convicted shall give sufficient Security! to the Satisfa&ion of such Juftice or Justices, for his Appear-ance before the said Juftice .or Justices on such Day as shall be appointed by the said Juftice or Justices for the Day of the Return of the said Warrant or Diftrefs (fuch Day not exceeding Five Days from the takingof such Security); which Security the laid Juftice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to take by Way of Recognizance or qtherwife,

X.	And be it further enacted, That if upon such Return no fuffi-dent Diftrefs can be had, then and in such Cafe the said Juftice or Justices shall and may commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Corre&ion of the County, Riding, DiVifion, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, for the Space of Three Calendar Months, unless the Money forfeited shall be sooner paid, or unless or until such Offender thinking him or herself aggrieved by such Conviction, shall give Notice to the Informer that he or (he intends to appeal to the Justices pf the Peace at the next General Quarter Semoni of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding, pr Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, and shall enter into Recognizance before some Juftice or Justices, with two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of and pay such Cofts as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Seffions (which Notice of Appeal, being not less than Eight Days before the Trial thereof, such Perfon 10 aggrieved is hereby empowered to give) ; and the said Justices at such Seflions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Caufe* and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Cofts to the Parties appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think proper5 and the Determination of such Quarter Seflion shall be final, binding, and conelusive, to all Intents and Piirpofes.

XL And be it further enacted, That no Perfon shall be disabled from being a Witnefs in any Profecution for any Offence against this A&, by reason of his being an Inhabitant of the Pariib whereii\ such Offence was committed,

XII.	Provided always, That no Proceedings to be had, touching the Convi&ion or Convi&ions of any Offender or Offenders against this A&, shall be quashed for Want of Form, or be removed by Writ of Certiorari or any other Writ or Procefs whatsoever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wtjhninfter•

XIII.	And be it further enacted. That if any A&iqn or Suit shall be commenced against any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done or acted in pursuance of tnis A&, then and in every such Cale

fuck

fuch Aftion or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted within Three Calendar Months after the Faft committed, and not afterwards; and the fame and every such Aftion or Suit shall be brought within the County where the Faft was committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Aftion or Suit shall and may plead the General IfTue, and give this Aft and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be bad thereupon and that the fame was • done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Aft 5 and if the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Aftion or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the fame, or be brought or laid in any other Place than as aforementioned, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or difeontinue his, her, or their Aftion after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Cods, and have the like Remedy for the Recovery thereof as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cafes by Law.

CAP. LXXX1X.

An Aft for enabling the Commiflioners appointed to examine Accounts of publick Expenditure in the Barrack Office, more speedily and cfFe&ually to investigate the said Accounts.	[23d	June 1808.]

« TT7 HE REAS by an Aft, passed in the Forty-feventh Year of the

*	W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An AS for tnvejt-

*	ing certain Commiflioners appointed for the Examination of Accounts € and Expenditure, delating to the Office of Barrack Mqfter General^

*	with certain Powers and Authorities necessary for the Examination

*	of such Accounts and Expenditure: And whereas it is expedient to

*	make further Provifion for enabling the Commiflioners appointed to

*	examine the Accounts in the said Aft mentioned, mpre effeftually

*	to carry into Execution the Purpofes of the said Aft ;* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it en* acted by the King’s mbft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad* vice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com* mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That k shall be lawful for the said Commiflioners ap-

' pointed to examine the Accounts mentioned in the said recited Aft, and they are hereby required from Time to Time when and as soon as the Examination of any Account shall have been compleated by them, to make up and transmit a Statement thereof to the Lords Com-miffioners of the Treasury, specifying all the Articles forming the Charge and Difcharge of such Account, and specifying all Sums dvf-allowed by them in such Accounts; and also all Sums which in their Opinion ought to be fet Infuper in such Account upon' any Per-fons concerned in such Account; and the Lords Commiflioners of * His Majefty’s Treasury if they apprbve of the Statement of such Account, shall transmit the feme, together with their Warrant to the Commissioners for auditing publick Accounts, to prepare the •feme for Declaration, which feud Commissioners for auditing publick

Accounts,

Venue.

Treble Cofls.

47 G.S.di. e, 13.

Commiflioners shall tnnfjnit Statements of the Accounts examined to the Treasury, who shall tmnfinit them if approved, to the Auditors of publick Accounts, who shall prepare the farce fur Declaration.

*85

A.D. 18c#.

tPhen it tppeitt that any Perfooa ought to account fnt publick Money or Stows, Commifijonen ihall transmit the Names of such Perfons with their Heatons to theTreafury, «ho flail direct Warrants to Commiflioners to require Accounts to be fathered in.

Coaunifftoneia tinder recited Aft iuvrfed with fame Powers u thi

C.89.	48°	GEO. III.

Accounts are hereby authorized to make up and prepare for Declaration such Accounts in conformity to such Statements or Warrant** without any further Examination or Inveftigation of such Account*, or of any Vouchers relating thereto, unless any further Examination and Inveftigation of such Accounts, or of any Part thereof* or of any Vouchers relating thereto, shall appear to the said Commiffios-ers for auditing publick Accounts to be necessary, in which Cafe the said last mentioned CommifQoncrs shall report their Opinion thereon to the Lords Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, and proceed in such Examination and Inveftigation; and the said Commiflioners for auditing the publick Accounts are hereby author-* ized and directed to cause all Sums which shall be specified as Sums which ought to be fet Infuper in any such Statement as afore-said, apd which shall appear to them to be proper to be fet Insuper, to be so fet Infuper on the several Perfons therein mentioned, or in the Warrants accompanying the fame, unless upon such further Examination as aforesaid it ihall not appear to them to be proper that such Sums should be so fet Insuper, and to do all otner A&s, Matters and Things for the Declaration of such Accounts, and for putting in Charge as publick Accountants or Sub-Accountants all Perfons liable so to be put in charge upon such Accounts, in order to the securing and recovering of all Sums of Money due to His Majesty on the lame, in like Manner as if the said Accounts had been examined and Statements thereof made by the said Commiflioners for auditing publick Accounts.

II.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful fot the said Commiflioners appointed under the fa id recited A£t, and they are hereby required whenever it shall appear to them that any Perfon or Perfons ought to account for any publick Money or Stores that may have palled through his or their Hands, forthwith to transmit to the Loras Commiflioners of the Treasury the Name or Names of every such Perfon or Perfons, together with the Ground and Reafons for their Opinion, that it would be (it and proper that such Perfon or Perfons should be made publick Accountants, and if the said Lords Commiflioners of the Treasury tyould agree thereto, they the said Lords Commiflioners are hereby required to issue their Warrant or Warrants, directing the said Commiflioners appointed under the {aid recited A6t, or the Commiflioners for auditing the publick Accounts, to call upon arid require such Perfon or Perfons to deliver in their Accounts, regularly attested, within a reasonable Time to be limited by such Commiflioners respectively; and such Perfon or Perfons shall be compelled so to deliver in their said Accounts in like Manner as if the said Perfon or Perfons had been re* turned Infuper in any Account declared before His Maiefty’s Chancellor of the Exchequer; and the said lad mentioned Commiflioners are also hereby directed to proceed to the Examination of such Accounts, and to transmit the Statements thereof to the Lords Commif-fioners of the Treasury, for the Purpofe.of having the fame prepared for Declaration in the Manner heiein-before directed, with respect to other Accounts.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the CommifEoners ajK pointed to examine Accounts of publick Expenditures in the Barrack Office, shall be and arc hereby invested with, and shall have, use, and exenjife all the Powers and Authorities as to the Exit

.3	jobation

A.D.i8o8.	48° GEO. III.	0.89,90.

mination of all Accounts submitted to their Inveftigation rcfpeftive-!y; and as to all publick Accountants, Sub-Accountant3, and other Perfons concerned in such Accepts, and as to all Matters and Things in anywise relating to such Accounts, or the Lamination thereof, or to publick Accountants, Sub-Accountants, or other Per-fons concerned in any such Account, and shall slfo he subject and liable to the fame Controu], Regulation*, and Dircftions m every Refpcft in relation to the Examination of all such Accouuts, and in relation to such publick Accountants, Sub-A count ants and other Perfons aforesaid, as the Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts are in veiled with or now have, use, or exercise, or are subject or liable to under an Aft palled in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An Ail for better examining and auditing the publick Accounts of the Kingdom / and another Aft passed in the Thiry-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-jefty, intituled. An Ah for transferring to the Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts, the Duties now performedin the Offices of the Auditors of the Land Revenue; and for air effing the Mode of attejl-lag the Accounts of the P'ay majler-General of His Mcjefly's Foroes; and another Aft passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reigu of His present Majesty, intituled. An A8 to amend an Aff> made in the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majcjly% for better examining and auditing the publick Accounts of this Kingdom, and for enabling the Commissioners in certain Cafes to allow of Vouchers, although not Jlamped according to Law; and another Aft passed in the Forty-fixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An A8 for making more effcffuxl Provijion for the more speedy and regular Examination and Audit of the publick Accounts of this Kingdom j and another Aft passed in the Forty- seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled. An Aff for more effectually charging publick Accountants with Intercjl upon Balances, and for other Purpofes relating to the Puffing of publick Accounts s Provided always, that nothing in this Aft contained shall authorize such Commissioners appointed to examine Accounts of publick Expenditure in the Barrack Office to prepare or present for Declaration any Account of any publick Accountant, Sub-Accountant, or Perion fet Insuper, or other Perfon, which shall have been examined by them, and which shall have been certified by them in Manner dixefted bar this Aft.

“ Aft may he altered or repealed this Seflion, § 4.”

CAP. XC.

An Aft' to enable the Commiilioners for auditing Publick Ac* counts, and the Commiilioners for the Affairs of Barrack? respectively, to fend and receive Letters and Packets on the Bufinefs of their Offices free of Poftage. [23d June 1808.]

*	TTTHEREAS the Commissioners for auditing the publick Ac-( VV counts, and the Commissioners for Affairs of Barracks by 4 virtue of their Offices, necessarily fend and receive many Letters and

*	Packets relating to the publick Service of this Kingdom; and it is

*	therefore expedient to permit such Letters and Packets to be fent

9 and received free from the Duty of Poftage ;9 Be it therefore cnafted by the King's moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confe&t of the Lord# Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in '*	this

2SJ

Commiffioners for auditing publick Acoouato under die fevenl A els, ril.

ssG.s.c.sa.

3*G.3.c*S3-

41 G. t c. 55.

46 G. a. C. ill.

47 G. 3. ft* V c.39.

But not to present any Account l«c Dedust***.

s83

Betters and 1 atketsacklrtfltd *1 tlve Com-c IiGoncrs of publick

Accounts, or u> tl;e Comnuf-f uners for Bstrcacks, or fbnt J>y the Secretary to either Board, fiuitt be free ol Fufage.

Penalties on Secretaries, &c. for fending any Thing under C over not relating to the Boards, 1001.

0.90,91-	48^ GEO. III.	A.D.180S.

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That all Letters and Packets addrelTed to the Commissioners for au-' diting the publick Accounts, and all Letters and Packets addressed to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks respectively for the Time being, upon any Buiincfs or Affairs relating to the Duties of the Offices of the said Commissioners respectively, shall be free from the Duty of Poftage ; and aifo that all JLtters and Packets feut by the Secretary of the Commissioners for auditing publick Accounts, or by the Secretary of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks respectively, or in the Abfcnce of such Secretaries' respectively, then by the Chief Clerk of such /Secretary for the Time being, upon any Bufinefs or AfFairs relating to the Duties of the said Commissioners respectively in Manner and Form herein-after directed, shall be* sent free from the said Duty of Poftage 5 and all Letters and Packets relating to the Duties of the said Commissioners respectively, which shall be forwarded by the said refpc&wfe Secretaries or their Chief Clerks respectively as aforesaid, shall be under Covers, with the Words 44 Purfuant to A6F of Parliament,” and44 Auditor's Office,** if sent from the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts, and 44 Barrack Office,” if sent from the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks, printed upon the fame; and the Secretary or some Chief Clerk in the Office from which such Letters and Packets shall be sent, to be nominated from Time to Time for that Purpofe by such Commissioners, or the major Part of them respectively, in and for each of such Offices, and whose Appointment for that Purpofe shall be tranfinitted to the Poft Office, shall write his Name under the fame, and they and each of them are and is hereby ftri&Iy prohibited from inclosing or fending under such Covers any Writing, Paper, or Parcel whatsoever, excepting such as relate to the Duties of the said Commissioners respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any such Secretary or Clerk as aforesaid respectively shall presume to fend or convey under any of the Covers aforesaid, any Writing, Paper, or Parcel other tlian those relating to the Duties of such Commissioners respectively, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds* to be recovered with full Colts of Suit by any Perfon or £erfons by A&ion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majefty's Courts of Record at Weftminfter^ wherein no Eflbign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance mall be allowed; One Moiety of which Penalty shall go to the Perfon who shall sue for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to and for the Ufe of His Majesty.

’ CAP. XCI.

An ACt for enabling the Commissioners appointed to.examine Accounts of Publick Expenditures in the West Indies, more speedily and cffcdlualiy to inveftigatc the said Accounts.

[33d June i 808.]

44 Commissioners appointed under 46 G\ 3. e• 80. shall transmit a State-44 ment of the Accounts examined to the Treasury, who shall tranf-44 mit them, if approved, to the Auditors of publick Accounts, who 44 shall prepare the fame for Declaration. § 1.—[&* 48 £.2. r. 89.

44 § i.] When it appears that any Perfons ought to account tor pub*

44 lick

A.D.i8o8<

48° GEO. IIL	0.91,92.	289

“ lick Money, Stores, or Proviliotis connected with the publick Ex-“ penditure in the IVeJl Indiet or South America, Commiffiopers shall ?* transmit the Names of such Perfons with their Reafons to the M Treasury who shall require Accounts to be delivered in, &c.	2

« [See 48 G. 3. r. 89. § 2.]

III. And be it further enacted, That all Accounts of Expenditure of publick Money in the Well Indies or South America, as lpecified in the said recited Aft, which shall have anfen in part before and in part after the First Day pf January One thoi.fand seven hundred an4 ninety-three, shall be examined and proceeded upon by the Commif-fioners appointed under the said recited Aft, who shall have and they are hereby invested with the fame Powers and Authorities in all Refpefts in relation to the Examination of such Accounts, and the Accountants and all other Perfons touching the fame, as they would have had and been invested with under the (aid recited Aft and this Aft, in cafe the said Accounts had arisen wholly after the First Day of January One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

Accounts having arisen partly . before and partly after Jan. 1, 1793, frail be proceeded npoa in the fame Manner as Accounts having arisen wholly after Jan. 1, 1793. §3.

,c CommiflioQer8 under recited Aft invested with fame Powers at c< the Commiftioncrs for auditing publick Accounts under the Afts « 25 G. 3. c. 52.-39 G. 3. c. 83.-45 G. 3. c. 55.-46 G. 3. c. 141. u and 47 G. 3.Jl. 2. c. 39. But not to present any Account forDe* u claration. $ 4.” [See 48 G. 3. r. 89. § 3.]

V. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Authorities, Ju- Poweis of rifdiftions, Matters and Things, by the said recited Aft or this Aft vested in or required to be done by the Coromiffioners appointed *	^	*

under the said first recited Aft of the Forty-fixth Year aforesaid or executed by Two this Aft, are hereby vested in and shall and may be executed and Commiffionen, done by any Two or more of such Commissioners, or by any One of	ft

fuch Commiftioners, in cafe the Number of such Commissioners re-maining in England shall be reduced to One, by the Abfence there- Qf fye&ed from of any of the selected Commissioners; and all Powers, Au- Commiffineis thorities, Jurifdiftiohs, Matters and Things, by the said first recited by One.

Aft of the Forty-fixth Year aforesaid, or this Aft, vested in or required to be done by any selected Commissioners, are hereby vested in and shall and may be executed and done bv any One of such selected Commissioners singly, in the Abfence of tne other of such Commif-fioners, or by any Perfon appointed to aft in the Place and Stead of any selected Comxniffioner deceased or resigning.

CAP. XCII.

An Aft to repeal so much of an Aft, made in the Forty-feventh Year of His present Majesty, for charging the Sum of Twelve Millions two hundred thousand Pounds, raised for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, upon the Duties of Cuftoms and Excife granted to His Majesty, during'the Continuance of the present War, as relates to Money ifliied for Charges of Management of Stock redeemed.	[23d	June	1808.3	_

“ 47 G. 3./. 1. r. 55. § 6. recited and repealed.”

48 Geo. Ill,

U

CAP. .

290

C93.

48! GEO. 1U.

A»D» i8oS«

* Ac. i.«. 27.

is.

* O. l. c. 11.

CAP. XCHL An AS to repeal so much of an Aft of the Firfl: Tear of King Janus the Firfl, as relates to the Penalties on Shooting at Hares\ and also to repeal an Aft of the Third Tear of King George the Firfl, relating to Gamekeepers.

[23d June 1808.]

4 YT7HEREAS an Aft was palled in the Second Year (com* 4 W monly called the Firfl Year) of the Reign of King Jams* 4 the Firfl, intituled, An A3 for the better Execution of the Intent and 4 Meaning of former Statutes made againjl Jbooting in Guns, and for 4 the Preservation of the Game of Pheafants and Partridges, and against 4 the deflrojing of Hares Quito Hare Pipes, and tracing Hares in the 4 Snow ; whereby it was amongst other Things enacted, That every * Perfon which should (boot at, kill, or destroy, with any Gun, 4 Cross Bow, Stone Bow, or Long Bow, any Hare, should be subject 4 to the Penalties therein mentioned: And whereas it is expedient 4 that the {aid Provifion should be repealed: And whereas it is also 4 expedient that a certain other Aft, palled in the Third Year of

4 His late Majesty King George the Firfl, intituled, An A8 to ex* 4 plain and amendfeveraJ Laws therein mentioned for the better Prefer• 4 vation of the Game, should be repealed ; and that other Proviuons

Provifion of

a J«e. 97.

fofcr as relates <0 Hares; and recited A&

SG. l.c. 11.

Lords of Manors nay appoint Gamekeepers, whether qualified •root. Sec. with Authority so kill Game for their own life, he.

Gamekeepers so appointed {hall have the {ame Rights as if guaUM.

4 should be made relating to the Appointment of GamekeepersBe it therefore enacted by tne King’s most Excellent Majessy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisprefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said Provifion of the said recited Aft of the Second of James the Firfl, and the said recited Aft of the Third of George the Firfl, shall be and the fame are hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for any Lord or Lady of any Manor to appoint and depute any Perfon whatever, whether acting as a Gamekeeper to any other Perlon or not, or whether retained and paid for as the Male Servant of any other Perfon or not, or whether a qualified Perfon or not, to be a Gamekeeper to any such Manor, with Authority to such Perfon as Gamekeeper to kill Game within the fame for his own Ufe, or for the Ufe of auy other Perfon or Pe*-fons whatever, to be specified in such Appointment or Deputation, whether qualified or not; and no Perfon so appointed Gamekeeper as aforesaid and empowered to kill Game for nis own Ufe, or for the Ufe of any other Perfon so specified as aforesaid, and not killing any Game for the Ufe of the Lord or Lady of the Manor for which such Deputation shall be given, shall be deemed or taken to be, or entered or paid for as the Gamekeeper or Male Servant of the Lord or Lady making such Appointment or giving such Deputation ns aforesaid; any Thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwithflaoding.

III.	And be it further enacted. That any Perfon appointed Game-keeper under the Authority of this Aft to kill Game for his own Ufe or the Ufe of any other Perfon, shall have the (ame Rights, Privileges, Power and Authority as if he had been legally gualifie^ and appointed to aft as Gamekeeper, to kill Game for the U(e of the Lord or Lady of the Manor appointing such Gamekeeper, under nop Lawt in force immediately helm the palling of this Aft.

x	CAP.

A.]j.i8o&	48°	Gil6« III*	C»94i 959	9^*	&9%

C A P. XCIV.

An AS for repealing so much of an AS made in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Fourth Seflion of the First Parliament of Qjieen Anne, intituled, Adi for preserving the Game, as relates to the Shooting of Hares. [23 d June 1808.]

4 TT7HEREAS by an AS of the ScottUb Parliament, parted in ‘ VV the Fourth Seflion of the First Parliament of Her Majefty

* Queen Anne, intituled, A9 for preserving the Game, it is among

‘other Things enaSed, That no rerfon whatsoever shall (hoot So much of ‘ Hares under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds Scots: And whereas |**«h € it is expedient that the lame should be in so far repealed: May it v®°“

*	therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enaSedand be it w Shoodng uf enaSed by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ham itptsl«4| Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com*

tnons* in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That so much of the said in part recited AS, as relates to the Shooting of Hares, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

CAP. XCV.

An AS fot cotitiniiing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, an AS of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty,* for allowing, under certain •ss&s.fl RcftriSions, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm, 19#* tor Cinders, to London and Weflminfler, by Inland Navigation.

[23d June 1808.3

[See 46 G. 3. c, I044 to which this Adisprecijely fmilar; incept the Dates.']	'

CAP. XCVL

An AS for the better Care and Maintenance of Lunatics, being Paupers or Criminals in England.	[23d June	1808.]

*	TT7 HEREAS the PraSice of confining such Lunatics and other

*	VV insane Perfons as are chargeable to their refpcSive Parifhes

*	in Gaols, Houfes of CorrcSion, Poor Houses, and Houfes of Irr-1 duftry, is highly dangerous and inconvenient: And whereas it is ex*

1 pedient that further Provirton should be made for the Care and

*	Maintenance of such Perfons, and for the ereSing proper Houfes for

*	their Reception, and also for ereSing additional Buildings adjoining

*	or contiguous thereto for the Reception of other Lunatics: And

*	whereas it is also expedient that further Provirton should be made

*	for the Cuftody of insane Perfons who shall commit criminal Of-

*	fences;* be it therefore enaSed by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the fame, That itt shall and may be lawful Justices in for the Justices of the Peace in and for every County within England and Wales, at their reljpeSivc General Quarter Sefiions of the Peace,	J

dr any Adjournment of the fame, or the major Part of such Justices fve^ i then and there assembled, to direS Notice to be given in some publick Afylan* Jfewfpapcr or Newfpapcrs circulated in or near such County, of

Ua	ihdr

JuAices of any County may contra# ; and appoint Vifiting JuAices for such A/yiuma,

Committee of Juftues, to unite Counties, for such Furpofe.

Agreement to be entered into, when Counties Ihall be united. Schcd. (No. 1.)

in proportion to the population as returned under 41G. 3. (G. B.) c. lb.

their Intention of taking into Confideration, at their next General Quarter or General Annual Sefiions, the Expediency and Propriety ef providing a Lunatic Afylum or House for the Reception of Lunatics and other insane Perfons within the said County, or of appointing a Committee of Magiftrates to treat with any One or more of the adjacent Counties to unite* for that Purpofe.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace, after such Notice being given as aforesaid, shall at their next General Quarter or General Annual Sefiions proceed to take the fame into Confideration ; and if it shall appear to. the major Part*of the.faid Justices being then and there afiembled, such major Part not being less in Number than Seven, that it is expedient tnat a Lunatic Afylum or House for the Reception of Lunatics and other insane Perfons should be eroded in and for the said County foie, the said Justices shall nominate and appoint such Number of Vifiting Justices as they may think fit to superintend the Building, Eredion, and Management of such Lunatic Afylum, and from Time to Time to report the State of their Proceedings to the Court of the General Quarter Sefiions.

III.	And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where it shall appear expedient to the Justices of the Peace in and for any County to unite with any One or more adjacent County or Counties for the Purpofes of this Ad, and for the providing a Lunatic Afylum to serve for the said feverd Counties, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices, at th* ,r respective General Quarter Sefiions, (whereof due Notice shall be given as aforefaid), to nominate and appoint any Number of Justices not exceeding five, to be a Committee for treating with any adjacent County or Counties for that Purpofe.

IV.	And be it further enabled, Thac where the Committees of Justices so appointed by any Two or mere Counties, shall think fit to unite the said Counties for the Purpofes of this Ad, and shall fig-nify their Inclination and Lefire so to do at a Meeting holden forthat Purpose, an Agreement shall at such Meeting, or as soon as cpnveni-ently may be afterwards, be entered into by the said Justices fib appointed as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, in the Form or to tne Effed fet forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed (No. i.); which Agreement, when fubferibed by the major Part of the Justices so nominated and appointed for each County, shall be binding upon tHfe said Counties $ and every such Agreement fnall specify tne Place at or near which such Lunatic Afylum shall be situate, and the Proportions in which the Expences necessary for the carrying into Execution the Purpofes of this A61 shall be charged andaUefied upon the several Counties (o uniting, which Proportions shall be calculated by the said Justices so appointed upon the Numbers of the respective Population of the said levcral Counties, as itated in the Returns to an Ad, pafied in the Forty-firft Year of Iiis Majcfty's Reign, intituled, An A3 for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increafe and Diminution thereof; and the said Agreement shall alio specify the Number of Vifiting Justices to superintend the Building, Eredion, and Management of the said Lunatic Afylum to be appointed by each of the reipedivc Counties so uniting, which Number shall be in proportion to tne Share of the Expences foto be charged and a lit fled upon each of such respective Counties, but (b

that

293

A.D. 1808.	48°	GEO. III.	C.	95.

that a Number left than Three ihall in no Cafe be appointed for any County so united.

V.	And be it Further enacted, That whensoever such Agreement ihall have been so entered into and signed as aforesaid, the Jifdices so appointed to be a Committee for each County so uniting shall re-fpeftively report the fame to the Judices of the Peace at their next General Quarter Sefiions to be holden for each of the said Counties, and ihall then and there deliver into Court a Duplicate of the said Agreement, to be by the Clerks of the Peace of the said Counties entered among the Records; and that the said Judices shall then and there immediately proceed to nominate such Number of Perfons as by the said Agreement they may be entitled to appoint to be Vifiting Judices of the said Afylum t|U the next Michaelmas General Quarter Sefiions, and shall continue annually to appoint such Number of Vifiting Judices at each Michaelmas General Quarter Sefiions.

VI.	And be it further enalted, That the said Vifiting Juflices so nominated . d appointed by such County foie or such united Couij-ties, are hereby authorized and required, within Two Calendar Months after such Nomination and Appointment as aforesaid, to meet and afiemb)e at such Place as shall appear to them mod convenient for that Purpofe (due Notice thereof being previously given to such Vifiting Judices by the Clerk or Clerks of the Peace of such County or Counties refoeHively), and that the said Vifiting Judices may adjourn the said Meeting from Time to Time or from Place to Place, and meet as often as they shall think necefiary ; and the said Vifiting Judices, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorized at their said Meetings to appoint a Clerk and a Surveyor for duly exer-cifing the Powers of this AH, and from Time to Time to receive Plans and Edimates, and contrail for the Purchafe of Lands and Buildings, or for the Alteration of any Building already belonging to such County or any of such united Counties, and for building, erecting, altering, fumifiiing and completing such Lunatic Afylum, and the Yards, Courts, ana Outlets thereto belonging, and such Contrail or Contrails shall be made and entered into at the mod rea-fonable Rates, and with the mod responsible Perfons; and every such Contrallor shall give sufficient Security for the due Performance of his ContraH to the Clerk to such Vifiting Judices; and all Contrails when made, and all Orders relating thereto, shall be entered in a Book to be kept by the Clerk to such VKiting Judices, and when such Afylum shall be declared to be completed in Manner hereinafter direHed, then such Book shall be deposited and kept among the Records of such County folc, or of such of the Counties so united for the Purpofes of this AH as shall have paid the larged Quota or Proportion of the Expences of prpviding such Afylum, to be in-fpeHed at all reasonable Times by any rerfon contributing to the County Rates of such County or Counties refpeHively; and all Buildings or Land so to be contraHed for and purchaled, shall be conveyed to such Perfon or Perfons as the Vifiting Judices shall think fit, in trud for the Ufes and Purpofes of this AH; and the said Vifiting Judices shall from Time to Time make their Report to the General Quarter Sefiions of the Peace of such County or Counties refpeHively, of the several Plans, Edimates, and Contrails which shall have been made and entered into in Manner aforesaid, and also a Report of the Sum or Sums of Money necefiary to be

U 3	railed

Such Averment he reported at Quarter Sefliont.

VHitinc Tuftires empowered to contrail.

Appointment of Clerk and Surveyor.

Contra#*.

Report to Seffiona.

*94

A«I)» j8of$f

Espeneea shall he defrayed, as County Kates' vuder 12 G. 2. c. 29. 13 G. 2. *18.

Juftices empowered to borrow Money on Mortgage of Rates. Sched. (No. 2.)

€.96.	48° GEO. UL

raifed and levied on fach County foie as the Expence/ or on egrch of such united Counties as the Quota or Proportion of the Expence to be incurred on the several Accounts aforesaid.

VII.	* And in order to defray the Expences necessary for the Ex-* ecution of this A&,* be it further enacted, That the Juft ices of the Peace at their General Quarter Seflions may and shall caufie such Sums of Money as shall have been from Time to Time reported 19 them to be necessary for that Purpofe by theVifiting Juft ices, to be raised in such Manner as Rates are directed to be railed by Two A&f made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the more easy aflefling, collecting, and levying of County Rates, or shall order and direct the fame to pe paid out of the ordinary Rate of such County.

VIII.	4 And whereas the Expences of carrying this Aft intp 4 Execution may in some Cafes become very burthensome on the 4 Occupiers of Land, and other the Contributors to the County 4 Rates, in cafe the said Expences fttould be raised in the Manney 4 hereinbefore mentioned ;* be it therefore ena&edi That when it shall appear on the Report of such Viliting Juft ices, that the Charge and Colts of carrying this A61 into Execution will exceed One Half of the Amount of the ordinary annual Afleflment for the County Rate for any County (fuch ordinary Afleflment to be taken on a mean Prq-portion of the said Rate for the last Five Years preceding)^ that thep and in such Cafe it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace within the refpe£fcive Limits of their Commissions, so assembled in their Quarter Semons as aforesaid, from Time to Time to borrow and take up on Mortgage of the Rates herein-mentioned, by Inline ments in the Form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed (No. 2.), or to that or the like Effedt, any Sums not less than Fifty Pounds each, at legal or lower Interect, as to them or the major Pait of them (fuch major Part not being less than Five) (hail appear ne-cefiary and expedient for the Purpofes aforesaid, and to (ecure all and every such Sum and Sums of Money so borrowed upon the Credit of the Rates to be raised upon such County respectively ; and the said Justices so assembled as aforesaid are hereby authorized to treat and agree with any Perfon or Perfons for the Loan of any such Sum or Sums of Money, and by their Order to confirm and establish every such Agreement as aforesaid; and every such Agreement so eftabliftieg by such Order, and signed by the Chairman and Two or more Justices. prefen t at the Time of making such Order, shall be and the fame is hereby declared to be effectual for securing to the Perfon or Perfons so advancing any Sum or Sums of Money, his, her, or their Executors, Adminiftrators and Afsigns, all and every Tuch Sum or Sums of Money, with Intereft for the fame, on such Terms as in and by such Agreement or Agreements respectively shall be for that Purpofe. stipulated 5 and the said Securities shall be numbered in order of Sue* cession in which they shall be granted, and Copies or Extra&s of all such Agreements or Securities shall be kept with the Clerk of the Peace or other proper Officer having the Cuftody of the Records of the Quarter Seflions of such County respectively ; and all and every Perfon and Perfons to whom any such Security or Securities shall bp made, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, is and are hereby empowered (by indorfing his, her, or their Name or Names on the Back, of such Security or Securities) to transfer and

'	/	'	'	'	affip*

.*	u

A.D. i8o8



48* ge6. in.

-C.96.

»9s

For chjjging4he Rate with a

Sinkiiy; Fuad to reduce tha Principal boROmi

Aeewnti of

fcifign the fame, and his, her, or their Right to the principal Money mud Intereft thereby secured, unto any Perfbn or Perfons; and every such Affignee may in like Manner transfer the fame again, and so toties quoties ; and the Perfon or Perfons to whom such Security or Securities, or any such Aflignment thereof shall be made, and his* or their respective Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afsigns, shall be Creditors upon the said Rates in an equal Degree one with another, and shall not have any Preference with respect to the Priority of any Monies so advanced*

IX* And be it further enacted. That the said Justices are hereby authorized and required, not only to charge the Rates to be railed upon such County with the Intereft of the Money so borrowed on such Securities, but also with the Payment of a further Sum equal at lead with the Sum so charged for the Intereft of such Securities, which said Sums shall be assessed on such County in such Manner as County Rates are directed to be a(Te(Ted by the Laws now in being, and paid and applied under the Direction of the said Justices in dif-cbarge of the Interect, and of so many of the principal Sums on the said Securities as such Money will extend to discharge in each Year, until the Whole of the Money for which such Securities shall be made, and the Intereft thereof, shall be fully paid and discharged; and the said Justices are required to fix One or more Day in each Year on which such Payment shall be made, and shall make Orders for Affeifments in due Time, so as to provide for the regular Payment thereof; and they are hereby required to appoint a proper Perfon to keep an exact and regular Account of all the Receipts and Payments under the Authority of this A&, in a Book or Books, separate and apart from all other Accounts, and the fame to adjust and fettle in such Manner that it may easily be seen what Intereft is growing due, and what Principal Money has been discharged, and what remains due, and the said Book or Books so adiufted and fettled to deliver into Court at every General Annual or Mtchaelmat Quarter* Seftions to be held for any such County; and the said Justices are required at every such Seftions carefully to infpe& all such Accounts, and make Orders for carrying the several Purpofes of this A& into Execution in such Manner as to them shall feexn meet; and if at any Time it shall appear to the said Justices that the Perfon so appointed has neglected the said Order, and has not duly and without Delay applied the Money in his Hands to the Purpofes hereby directed, such Perfon shall forfeit Double the Amount of the Money which shall not have been applied to the Purpofes of this A&, to be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices; and the said Penalty, after the Charges of recovering the fame shall be paid to the Treasurer of such Alylum to be applied to the Ufe of the fame; and the said Justices on a Day and Hour to be fixed at some General Quarter or Annual Seffions of the Peace, to be holden for such County, f of which Fourteen DayspubUck Notice shall be given as aforesaid,) (nail in open Court cause all the said several Securities to be drawn by Lot and numbered for Payment according to the Event of such Drawing, and the Securities so drawn and numbered shall be regularly discharged in Succeifion according to Priority of such drawn Number,

U4	X.	Provided

48° GEO. IIL

A.D.1808

296

C.96.

Money borrowed {hall be repaid within 14 Vein.

Corporations, Givurdians, Tnmees, &c.

empowered to convey Lands.

Application of Purchafe Money for Lands in Settlement, &c.

X.	Provided always and be h further enacted, That the Jufrices of the Peace in their respective Quarter Seflions shall and they are hereby required to make Provifions by means of the Rates (which they are hereby authorized to make), and by their Orders and Directions (which they are hereby authorized to give), in such Manner that the whole Money lo be borrowed under the Authority of this Aft shall be fully paid and di(charged within a Time to be limited, cot exceeding Fourteen Years from the Time of borrowing the fame.

XI.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the King*8 mod Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Succeflors, and for all Bodies Politick and Corporate, and also for all Guardians, Committees, Hufbands, Trufrees, and Attomies of any Perfon or Perfons being Infants, Lunatics, Idiots,' under Coverture or any other Difability, and also for all other Perfons who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interefred in any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Eafements, or Privileges which shall be deemed necessary for the Purpofes of this Aft, to contraft or agree for, and to fell, convey, and afTure such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Ealements, and Privileges unto such Perfon or Perfons as shall be named by the Vifiting Justices, in trust and for the Purpofe of erecting or providing such Lunatic Afylum, and the Yards, Courts, and Outlets thereunto belonging ; and all such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, and Afiurances, shall be valid and efreftual in Law to all Intents and Purpofes wh^tfo-ever; any Law, Statute, Usage, or Cufrom to the contrary not with* (landing.

XII.	And be it further enacted. That all Sums of Money which shall be agreed to be paid to any Corporation, Guardian, Committee, Hu(band, Truftee, or Attorney, for or on Behalf of any Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or Cefruique Truft8, or to any other Perfon or Perfons whose Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Eafements, and 'Privileges, mall be limited in Settlement, for the Purchafe of any such Lauds, Tenements^ and Hereditaments, shall, in cafe such Sums of Money shall exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds, be laid out by such Corporations, Guardians, Committees, Hufbauds, Trufrees, or Attomies, or any Perfon or Perfons seised of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Eafements, or Privileges so limited in Settlement, as soon as conveniently may be, in the Purchafe of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Fee-(imple, to be conveyed to or to the Ufe of such Corporations, Guardians, Committees, Huf-bands, Trufrees, or Attomies, and to and for such Perfon or Perfons, and for such Efrate and Efrates, and to, for, and upon, and fubieft to such Ufes, Limitations, Remainders, and Contingencies as the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Eafements, or Privileges for and in respect whereof such Purchafe Money (haU be paid as aforesaid shall be limited, fettled, and allured, at the JTirae such Purchafe or Contraft shall be made in Manner aforesaid, or such as shall then be capable of taking effect, the Charges of such Conveyances and Settlements to be paid in the fame Manner as the other Expences relating to the Lunatic Afylum $ and in the mean Time, and till such Purchafe or Purchafes shall be made, such Money, whether the fame shall or shall not exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds, shall be laid out by such Corporations, or other Per-

'48° GEO. III.

C. p$.'

*91

Juftices fall not be concerned in Contia&s.

D igging fa Materials.

font for the Time being interested therein, in some Government Se« curities, in the Names of Two Perfons, one to be nominated by the Party or Parties for the Time being interested therein, and the other by the Viiiting Justices aforesaid; and the Intereft arising from such Securities shall be paid to such Perfon or Perfons respectively as would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Eafements, and Privileges, in cafe the fame had not been fold, or would for the Time being be entitled to the Rents and Profits of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be purchased, in cafe the fame were purchased and fettled as aforesaid.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Juftice of the Peace,, who shall under the Authority of this Aft do any Matter or Thing in the Execution hereof, shall be capable of having any beneficial Intereft or Concern whatsoever, either in his own Name or in the Name of any other Perfon in trust for him, in any Contraft or Agreement to be made under the Authority of this Ad, or shall for any Defign or Plan he may deliver or produce, receive any Benefit or Emolument whatsoever.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That the said Viiiting Justices, or any Five or more of them, shall and may and they are hereby authorized to empower their Agents or Workmen to dig, take, and carry away any Soil, Clay, Sand, Gravel, or Stone, and to manufacture the fame for the rurpofe of building, carrying on, fin idling, and completing such Lunatic Afylum, or other Buildings hereby directed to be built, out of, upon, or from any Common or Wafte Land, River, or Brook, without paying any Thing for the fame;* they causing all Pits or Quarries made by such digging and taking to be filled up, or railed and fenced so as not to be dangerous to Paffen-gers or Cattle.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That the said Viiiting Justices Juftices may sue may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk, and that no ACtion in Name °f that may be brought or commenced by or against the said Vifiting Juf- ^,r C1“k* tices, or any of them, by virtue of this Aft, in the Name of their

Clerk, shall abate or be difcontinucd by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by of the Aft of such Clerk, without the Confent of the said Viiiting Justices, or any Five or more of them ; but the Clerk to the said Vifiting Justices for the Time being shall always be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Aftion, as the Cafe shall be.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That the laid Vifiting Justices, Regulations for as well in the Choice of Ground and of Situation, as in determining the Situation of upon the Plans for building or for purchasing and altering Buildings L*u»tk:Afylnins. for such Lunatic Afylums, shall, as far as conveniently may be, fix

upon an airy and healthy Situation, with a good Supply of Water, and which may afford a Probability of the Vicinity of constant Medical Affistance, and pursue such Measures, and adopt such Plans, as shall provide separate and distinct Wards for Male and Female Lupatics, and also for the Convalefcents and Incurables, and also separate and distinct Day Rooms and Airing Grounds for the Male and Female Convalescents, and dry and airy Cells for the Lunatics of every Description.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That so soon as any Lunatic Justices (ball by Afylum so erected as aforesaid, shall be declared by the Vifiting Warmnt remove Justices to be completed, and in a fit State for the Reception of

Lunatic* writhe PuiX*’

AJD* 1808.

*0®

cfofgeablc shall pay the Afylum a weekly Allowance fm ilurm.

Penalty on any Overfcer

neglefting to gWe In formation to Juft ice of Lunatic Paupers, )6). to 40*.

t;G.fi.c.5.§90.

C.96.	48® GEO.	m.

Lunatics and other insane Perfons, whereof due Notice shall be given Three Times at the least in some pubJick Newfpaper or Newfpapeis circulating in the County or Diftridt of Counties united for the Pur* poses of this Ad, the Juft ices of the Peace acting respectively in and for auy County or Counties at the Expence of which such Afylum shall have been built, are hereby authorized and directed to ifTue Warrants, upon the Application of the Overfcer* of the Poor of any Parifh situate within luch County or Diftrid of Counties for the Con* veyance of any Lunatic, insane Perfon, or dangerous Idiot who may he chargeable to such Parifh, to such Afylum, there to be safely kept -until he or (he shall be duly discharged as herein-after directed ; and at the Time of such issuing such Warrant every such Juft ice shall also make an Order upon the Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifh to which such Lunatic, insane Perfon, or dangerous Idiot shall belong, to pay such weekly Sum to the Treasurer of such Afylum, as (hafi, from Time to Time, be fixed upon by the Vifiting Justices as a fit Rate for the Maintenance, Medicine, Clothing, and Care of such Perfons.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted. That if any Overfeer of the Poor of any Parifh shall wilfully neglect or delay to give Information to such Juftice of the Peace of any such lunatic or insane Perfon who shall be chargeable to such Parifh, or to make Application for such Warrant as aioresaid, during the Space of Seven Days from the Time that he shall be acquainted that such Perfon is so lunatic or insane, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum of Money not exceeding Ten Bounds nor left than Forty Shillings, to be recovered by Diftreft and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals ot any Two Justices of the Peace acting for the County within which such Parifh shall besituated, which Warrant such Justices are hereby required to grant upon the Confeflion of the Party, or upon the Information of any Witneftor Witneffes upon Oath f which Oath such Justices are here* by empowered to adminifter) ; ana the laid Penalty, after the Charges of recovering the fame shall be dedu&ed, shall be paid, One Moiety to the Informer, and the other to the Treasurer of the said Afylum, to be applied to the Ufe of the fame.

XIX.	■ And whereas by an Adi passed in the Seventeenth Year

*	of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An A8 to amend 4 and make more efftQual the Laws relating to Rogues^ Vagabonds,

4 and other idle ana disorderly Perfons, and to Houfts of Corre8iont it

*	is among other Things enacted, That whereas there are sometimes 4 Perfons who by Lyuacy or otherwise are furiously mad, or are so far

*	difordered in their Semes that they may be dangerous to be permit*

4 ted to go abroad, it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more

*	Juftices of the Peace where such lunatic or mad Perfon shall be

*	found, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to the 4 Constables, Churchwardens, and Overfeers of the Poor of the 4 Parifh, Town, or Place, or some of them, to caufc such Perfon so 4 to be apprehended and kept safely locked up in some secure Place

*	within the County or Precindl where such Parifh, Town, or Place

*	fhall lie, as such Justices shall under their Hands and Seals direct 4 and appoint, and if such Justices find it necessary to be there chain*

*	ed, if the last legal Settlement of such Perfon shall be in any Paristi, f Town* or flace within such County or Precintt$ and if such Settle*

< meat

1

A»P»

49° GEO- III.

C-9&

m

*	meat shall got be there, then such Perfon shall be lent to the Place

*	of hit or her lad legal Settlement by a Pals, mutatis mutandis* aa

*	afbresaid, and {hall be locked up or chained, by Warrant of Two

*	Juft ices of the County or Precinct to which such Peribn is so lent in ? Manner aforesaid; and the reafopable Charges of removing and of

*	keeping, maintaining, and curing such Perfon during such Reftraint

*	(which {hall be for and during luch Time only as such Lunacy or f Madncfs {hall continue) shall be satisfied and paid, such Charges 9 being first proved upon Oath, by Order of Two or more Judices of 4 the Peace, directing the Churchwardens or Overfeers where any

*	Goods, Chattels, Lands, or Tenements of such Perfon {hall be, to t seize and fell so much of the Goods and Chattels, or receive so .* much of the annual Rents of the Lands and Tenements as is necef-4 fary to pay the fame, and to account for what is so seized, fold, or ! received to the next Quarter Seilipns; but if such Perfon hath

*	not an Eilat? to pay and fatipfy the fame, oyer and above what {hall

*	be fufticient to maintain his or her Family, then such Charges shall f be satisfied and paid by the Parilh, Town, or Place to which such f Perfon belongs, by Order of Two Juilices di reded to the Churcb-4 wardens or Overfeers for that PurpofeBe it enacted, That iu cafe there (haty be a Lunatic Afylum established under the Directions of this A£l for the County or i ftr d of united Counties within which the Parifh to which any lui.. tic or mad Perfon, apprehended by virtue of the above recited Ad, belongs, {hall be situated, then such Juft ices of the Peace who shall by virtue of the above recited Ad issue any Warrant for the Confinement of such lunatic or mad person, {hall in the Body of such Warrant so issued by them, direct ?md order that such lunatic or mad Perfon {hall be confined in such Lunatic Afylum and not elsewhere; but if no such Lunatic Afylum {hall have been eftahlilhed, then and in fucb Cafe it {hall and may he lawful for such Justices, if they think fit, to order and direct by such Warraut that such lunatic or mad Perfon {hall be confined in any House duly licensed for the Reception of Lunatics under the Authority of an Ad palTed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An A&for regulating Madhouses, although luch Houle may not he situated within the County where the Pan(h to which such lunatic or mad Perfon belongs, shall lie.

XX.	4 And whereas it sometimes happens, that by reason of the < Lunacy and Madnefs of such Perfons the Place of their legal 4 Settlement cannot be afeertainedbe it eiacted, That in cafe the Place of the last legal Settlement of any lu <atic or mad Perfon, apprehended by virtue of the above recited Ad, cannot be afeertained, then the Justices who {hall have caused such Perfon to be apprehended shall by their said Warrant direct such Perfon to be cou fined in the Lunatic Afylum for the County or Diftrid of united Counties within which fpeh Perfon shall have been apprehended, if any such Afylum shall have been eftahlilhed, and not elsewhere ; or if no such Afylum shall have been eftahlilhed, in some Houle duly licensed for the Reception of Lunatics as aforesaid, or in some other secure Place as directed by the said recited Ad; and if such Perfon have not an Eftate to pay and satisfy the reasonable Charges of removing, and pf keeping, maintaining, and curing such Perion, under the Authority of the said recited Ad, then such Charges shall be satisfied $nd paid by the Treasurer of the County within which such Perfon '	lhall

Juftices

committing Lunatic under recited Ad (haB fend them to the Afylum of the County, or to House liceuhi under

uG.a.c.49,

Where the lepl Settlement di Lunatics cannot he difeovered, Justices shall fend them to the Lunatic Afylum, &£• [See § 19}

LonaticAfyHim fell pot be liable to Reception of Lunatics chargeable to anj PJici not contributing.

Juftices may agree to unite with A Moms dtahTHhed b j Wuntary Contribution*.

# §3,4.

C.96.	48° GEO. III.	A.D. 180ft •

lhall be apprehended, out of the County Rates, by Order of Two Justices to him direXed for that Purpofe.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further enaXed, That nothing in this AX contained foall extend or be construed to extend to render any Lunatic Afylum which may be provided under the Authority of this AX for the Ufe of any County or united Counties liable to the Reception of Lunatics or insane Perfons who may be chargeable to or apprehended in any City, Town, PrecinX, Parifh, Township, or Place situate within the Limits of such County or United Counties, but claiming Exemption, and being exempt from contributing to the County Rate, unless such City, Town, Precintt, Parifh, Towndiip, or Place, shall have agreed to unite, and shall thereby have contributed to the Expence of the fame under the Powers hercin-before given in this Act.

*	XXII. * And whereas in many Parts of this Kingdom Lunatic

*	Afylum* have been built and established, and others may hereafter

*	be built and established, by voluntary Contribution, for the RecepJ 4 tion and Care of Lunatics of all Defcriptions, contributing to the

*	general Charge of Maintenance, Medicines, and Care, by certain

*	weekly Payments, according to the pecuniary Circumflances of the

*	Parties refpeXively, or of their immediate Connexions, the Excefs « of Payments of the more affluent being applied to relieve and lower

*	the Payments of Perfons in more limited Circumflances s And

*	whereas it is fit and expedient to support and encourage fuch

*	laudable Inflitutions, and it may be of great Advantage that Afy-

*	lums intended by this AX to be ereXed for Pauper Lunatics fhould

*	be united to or conneXed with such Inflitutions by voluntary Sub-

*	feription,* be it enaXed, That at any Meeting of the Jufbces of the Peace to be held as aforesaid in any County for the Purpofe of considering and determining on the Expediency and Propriety of providing . a Lunatic Afylum or House of Reception for Lunatics or other insane Perfons, if it shall appear to the major Part of the Justices so assembled, that it would be expedient to unite and join with any lunatic Afylum so built and established by voluntary Contribution, or so intended to be built and established, it shall be lawful for the Juflice^ so afTembled to appoint a Committee (in Manner here in-before * direXed to be appointed to treat with any adjoining County or Counties) to treat with and enter into and fubferibe an Agreement with a Committee of Governors, DireXors, or Subfcrib-ers to such Voluntary Inflitution, such Committee being authorized and appointed by a Majority of such Subfcribers, to be called by pub-lick Advertisement as aforesaid for the express Purpofe of making such Appointment; and all Provifions herein-before direXed in regard to Counties treating and agreeing with each other, shall be adhered to and be effeXual, so far as the fame will apply, or as the different Circumflances of the Two Cafes will admit; and the Number of the Committee of DireXors, Governors, or Subfcribers, appointed by the Subfcribers, shall not exceed the Number of the Committee of Justices to be appointed by the Justices of the Peace on the Part of the County; and Tuch Committee of Subfcribers, or the major Part of them, shall be competent to enter into and fubferibe afly Agreement, to all Intents and Purposes, as fully and effeXually as any Committee appointed under this AX on the Part of any County uniting to treat with any other County so uniting: Provided

6	always

301

48° GEO. Ill,	C.96.

always, no Agreement so made by any Committee of Justices shall be valid and have force on the Part of the County, until the fame shall have been submitted to and approved by the Majority of the Justices of the Peace of the County assembled at the next ensuing General Quarter Seffions which shall be held after such Agreement shall have been entered into,

XXIII,	And be it further enacted. That all Lunatics, insane Perfons, or dangerous Idiots so committed to such Afylum, shall be safely kept, and that no such Perfon shall be suffered to quit the said Alylum or to be at large until the Viliting Justices or the greater Part of them, shall order the Difcharge of such Perfon, and shall fig-nify the fame in Writing under their Hands and Seals; and that if any Officer, Servant, or Afliftant in such Afylum shall not with (landing, through Negleft or Connivance, permit such Perfon in any Cafe to escape and be at large without such Order as aforesaid, he or (lie shall for every such Offence forfeit and p?y a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, to be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace acting for the County within which such Afylum shall be situated, which Warrant such Justices are hereby required to grant, upon the Confeffion of the Party, or upon the Information of any Witnefs or Witneffes upon Oath (which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to ad-minifter) ; and the said Penalty, after the Charges of recovering the fame shall be dedu&ed, shall be paid one Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Treasurer of the said Afylum, to be applied to the Ufe of the fame.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any such Lunatic Afylum shall have been established under the Authority of this A&, the Vifiting Justices appointed as aforesaid to fuper-intend the fame, or the major Part of them, such major Part not being fewer than Five, shall from Time to Time make such Regulations as to them shall seem expedient for the Management and Con-du& thereof, in which Regulations shall be fet forth the Number and Defcription of Ofncers and Servants to be kept, the Duties to be required, and what Salaries shall rcfpe&ively be paid to them; and may appoint a Treasurer, and such other Officers and Servants, together with such Number of Afliilants as they shall from Time to Time find necessary in proportion to the Number of Perfons confined in such Afylum, and may dismiss any such Officer, Servant, or Alfiftant if they fee Occafion ; and shall from Time to Time fix a certain weekly Rate to be paid for each Perfon confined in such Afylum, which may be sufficient to defray the whole Expence of the Maintenance and Care, Medicines and Clothing requiiite for such Perfcn, and the Salaries of the Officers and Attendants ; provided always, that such Rate shall in no Cafe exceed Fourteen Shillings per Week ; and that the (aid Vifiting Justices shall annually audit the Accounts of the Treasurer, and report the fame to: the next General Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be hoi den for the Counties at the Expence of which such Afylum has been eftablifiied.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That such Vifiting Justices may from Time to Time order all such Repairs, or other Expences as may be necessary for such Lunatic Afylums, and shall direct the £u&e to be paid by an Order upon the County Treasurer, where fuch

Afylum

Penalty ou Servants in Afylum flittering Lunatics to go at large without Order of Joltice^ lol. to 40S.

Vifiting Justices shall regulate Afyluips, appoint Officers,

See § a.

Vifiting Jufticeft (ball direct Repairs of Afylum,

A.D. ifotfi

30s

Afytnra Exempted from kicreafed Rates; fend from Wtnknr Tax*

49 Sc 40 6.1 t*«4. fca.

When Infftoe Perfons charged with Murder are kept in Cuftody under recited A&,

Juft ice* shall enquire into their Settlement, and make Order fir their Maintenance.

C.9&	48°	g£0.	fcf.

Afylum shall be edablifhed By One County only, or (ball apportion the fame as afore-mentioned upon each County where such Afylum is established for a Didrift of united Counties, and ffaall make an Order upon the Treasurer of each of the said united Counties for the Payment of the Proportion to be paid by ftrch County j and that such Cour.ty Treasurer Ihall immediately difebarge the fame out of any Money whidh may then Be in his Hands, under the Penalty of Double such Sum as he shall be directed to pay,* to be recovered from him for the Benefit of such Afylum by Aftion in any of His Majefty** Courts at Wejhninjter by the Treafuter of the find Afylum.*

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That in all future Rates# Taxes, and Levies to be made for any Parilh or Plaee in which any* Land or Ground to be purchased for the PurpofeS of this Aft Ihall be' situate, such Land or Ground with any Building to be erected thereon shall not be aflelTed to any such Hates, Taxes, or Levies, at af higher Value or more unproved Rent than the fame Land or Ground Was at the Time of such Purchase; nor Ihall any Building or Buildings which, under this Adi, Ihall be erected on such Land, be af-feued to any House or Window Tax, any Adi or Adis of Parliament to the contrary notwithdanding.

XXVII.	4 And whereas by an Adi passed in the Thirty-ninth 4 and Fortieth Years of she Reign of His present Majedy, and in-4 tftuled, An AS for the safe CuJIody of insane Perfons charged with 4 Offences, it 16 enacted, that in certain Cdfes therein Specified it shall be 4 lawful for Courts of Judice to direft insane Perfons to be kept iit 4 drift Cudody, in such Place and in • such Manner aS to fuck 4 Courts shall ieem lit, until His Majedy’s Pleafure shall be known $ 4 and that it shall thereupon be lawful for His Majedy to gi*e such 4 Order for the safe Cudody of such Perfons during His Pleafure ini 4 such Place and in such Manner as to His Majedy shall seem fit $

4 And whereas it is expedient that Provilion fhoiud be made for the 4 due Maintenance and Care of such Perfons while they shall be fa 4 kept in Cudody $* be it enacted, That in all Cafes where any Per-fon fnall by virtue of the above lad recited Aft be kept in fuen Cuf-» tody as a lunatie or insane Perfon, by Order of any Cqurt or by His Majedy’s Order subsequent thereto, it shall and may be lawful for any Two Judices of the Peace of the County where luch Perfon ihall be so kept in Cudody, to enquire into and ascertain by the best legal Lv»dence that can be procured under the Circumdances of per* fonal legal Difability of such Lunatic, the Place of the lad legal Settlement, and the Circumdances of such Perfon ; and if it shall not appear that he or (he is polTelTed of sufficient Property which can be applied to his or her Maintenance, to make Order upon such Parilh where they shall adjudge him or her to be legally fettled, to pay such weekly Sum for his or her Maintenance in luch Place of Cudody as such Court or His Majedy Ihall appoint, as Ihall from Time to Time be fixed upon aud directed in Writing by One of His Majedy** Principal Secretaries of State; and that where such Place of Settlement cannot be afeertained, such Allowance shall be paid by the Treasurer of the County where such Perfon shall have been apprehended; but if it Ihall appear that such Perfon is pofiefibd of such sufficient Property as aforesaid, then such Judices Ihall order and difeft the fame to be applied to pay and satisfy the Expence of the Maintenance of such Perfon, in the Manner directed in the Cafe of Lunatics a°d mad

Perfeni

A.D. i8o8.	48® GEO. III.	C.9&

'Perfons by the above recited Ad, patted in the Seventeenth Year of King George the Second: Provided always, that the Churchwarden^ and Overfeers of such Parith in which the said Justices shall adjudge any Lunatic to be legally fettled, or the major Part of them, may appeal against such Order to the General Quarter Scftioas of the Peace to be holden for the County where such Order shall be made, in like Manner, and under like Reftridions and Regulations aa against any Order of Removal, giving reafonaWe Notice thereof to the Clerk of the Peace of such County, who shall be Refpdndent in such Appeal ( which said Appeal the Justices of the Peace assembled at the said Ge* neral Quarter Seflions are hereby authorised and empowered to hear and determine, in the fame Manner as other Orders of Removal are now heard and determined.

XXVlil. And he it further enuded, That all Providons, Difec* tions, Clauses, Matters, and Things whatever in this Ad contained relating to Counties, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Ridings, JDivisions, Cities, Towns, Liberties, and Places possessing separate Jurifdidions ; and if relating to Parilhes, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Vills, Town ships, apd Places maintaining their own Poor, as fully and amply as if they were severally and respectively repeated in every such Provision, Diredion, and Claufef and with relation to any such Matter or Thing.

SCHEDULE NM.

FORM of AGREEMENT for uniting the Counties or Ridings, &c. [as the Cafe may be] of A. B. and C. \ for the Purpofe of providing a Lunatic Afylum or House for the Reception of Lunatics and Infane rerfons, pursuant to the Statute of the Forty-eighth Year of King George the Third.

IT is agreed this	Day	of	by and

between the Committees of Justices of the Peace severally appointed for the Counties [or Ridings, Cities, &c. as the Cafe may be] of A. B. C. to treat for the uniting of the said Counties for the rur* poses of an Ad (for the better Care and Maintenance of Paupers and Criminal Lunatics) patted in the Forty-eighth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, that the said Counties [&c. as the Cafe may be] shall from henceforth be united for the Purpofes of the said Ad, and adopt in all Refpeds the Provisions, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, and comply with all the Requisites preferibed by the said Ad for Counties uniting for those Purposes; and that a Lunatic; Afylum or House for the Reception of Lunatics and other Infane Perfona, with all necessary Buildings, Courts, Yards, and Outlets, (ball be immediately provided at or near

and properly fitted up and accommodated for the Purpofes mentioned in the said Ad; and that the necessary Ex pence# attending upon the providing, building, fitting up, Repairs and Maintenance of the said Lunatic Afvlum, shall be defrayed by the said Counties so united, in the following Proportions, that is to fay;

The County of A, Four-Ninths of the said Expences.

The County of B• Three-Ninths of the fame. ‘

The County of C» Two-Ninths of the fame [or as the Cafi

«*t w*



Appeal to Q*rt«r SrfSoo*

fWifiom as to Counties extended tt» Hidings, Ac.

And

304	C.	96,97.	48°	GEO* III.	JkJd.iioS.

And we do further agree, That the Committee ofVifiting Justices to superintend the Building, Eregion, and Management or the said Lunatic Afylum, shall consist of Eighteen [or, as the Cafe may be] ; whereof the Justices of the Peace for the said County of A. shall appoint Eight, the Justices of the Peace for the County of B. shall appoint Six, and the Justices of the Peace for the County of C. shall appoint Four: And hereunto we, the undersigned Justices of the Peace, being the major Part of each of the said Committees of Justices for the said several Counties, do, on the Part and Behalf of the (aid Counties, fet our Hands and Seals, this	Day	of

in the Year

SCHEDULE N° II.

FORM of MORTGAGE and CHARGE upon the County Rates for securing the Money borrowed.

WE A. B. One of His Majefty’s Justices of the Peace and Chairman of the Court of Quarter Seflions of the Peace for the County, &c. of	\as	the	Cafejball	be]	holden	at

the	Day	of	C.	D. and E. F.

Efquire^, Two other of His Maiefty’s Justices of the Peace acting for the said County, &c. and auembled in the (aid Court, in pur-fuance of the Powers to us given by an Aft palled in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [&c. here insert the Title of the AS] Do hereby in open Court mortgage and charge all the Rates to be railed within the laid County, [&c. as the Cafe Jball be'] under the Defcription of County Rates by the Laws now in being, with the Payment of the Sum of	which	G.	If. of

hath proposed and agreed to lend, and hath now actually advanced and paid towards defraying the Expences of purchasing Lands for building, repairing, [&c. as the Cafe shall be] the Lunatic Afyium for the (aid County, [&c. or the United Counties of, &c. as the Cafe may be] And we do hereby confirm and eftablilh the fame unto the said G. H. his Executors, Adminiftrators, and Afligns, for securing the Repayment of the (aid Sum of and Intereft for the fame, after the Rate of -per Centum per Annum, and do order the Treasurer for such County, &c. or other Perfon [or* the Cafe /hall be] to pay the Intereft of the said Sum of	Half-yearly,	as	the

lame shall become due, until the Principal shall be duchaiged, pursuant to the Direftions of the said Aft.

CAP. XCVIL

An A St to enable the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Trea-fury, to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of luch Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.	[23d	June 1808*]

M Treasury may issue Exchequer Bills, in Manner preferibed by “ 48 G. 3. x. chargeable on Supplies for 1808. £ 1. Clauses, Scc.

11 in

305

48° GEO. m.	0.97,98,

*	in recited Aft, relating to Exchequer Bills, extended to this Aft. 44 § 2, 3. Intereft not exceeding ${d. per Centum per Diem. § 4. “ Bills may, at the Expiration of Four Months after Date, be taken 44 in Payment of the Revenue. § 5. Bank of England authorized ** to advance 6,000,000/. on Credit of this Aft. $ 6.”

CAP. XCVIIL An Aft for letting to Farm the Dutios on Horfes hired by the Mile or Stage, to be used in trayelling, and on Horfes hired for a less Period of Time than Twenty-eight Days, for drawing Carriages used in travelling Pod, or otherwise, in Great Britain, and for better securing the said Duties.

[23d June 1808.]

*	TTTHEREAS by an Aft patted in the Twenty-feventh Year of 4 W His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled, 44 An Ad to enable 4 the Lord High Treafiurerf or Commijfioners of the Treasury for the 4 Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Ad made in the 4 Twenty-fifth Tear of His present Majcfiy's Reign, on Horfes let to 4 Hire for travelling Pofi and by Timef to finch Perfons asfhould be will-4 ing to contradfor the fame, the Lord High Treasurer or Commiffion-4 era of the Treasury were empowered to let to Farm the feveral

*	Duties on Horfes let to Hire, therein particularly fet forth and 4 mentioned to have been granted by the said Aft of the Twenty-fifth 4 Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for any Term not exceeding Three

*	Years, under certain Regmations and Reftriftions expressed and

*	contained in the (aid Aft of the Twenty-feventh Year of His

*	Majefty’s Reign: And whereas by an Aft patted in the Forty-fourth 4 Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An Ad to repeal the several 4 Duties under the Commijfioners for managing the Duties upon jlamped 4 Vellum, Parchment, ana Pater in Great Britain, and to grant new and

*	additional Duties in lieu thereof the several Duties granted by the 4 said Aft of the Twenty-fifth Year of His Majefty's Reign, on Horfes 4 let to Hire as therein mentioned, and extended in certain Cafes by an 4 Aft patted in the Forty-fecond Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for 4 enlarging the Time for which Horfes might be let to Hire without 4 being subject to any annual Duty, and other Purposes, and also the 4 Duties granted by the said Aft of the Twenty-fifth Year of His 4 Majefty's Reign, on Licences for letting Horfes to Hire in the 4 Manner therein mentioned, were repealed, and in, lieu thereof it was 4 enacted, that from and after the Tenth Day of October One thoufand* 4 eight hundred and four, there should be raised, levied, collested, and 4 paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeflors, the several Duties 4 following; (that is to fay) for and in respect of a Licence to be taken 4 out Yearlv by every Poftmafter or other Perfon in Great Britain 4 who should let to Hire any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for the Put-4 pose of travelling Poft by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, or who 4 /being a Perfon usually letting Horfes to Hire), should let to Hire 4 tor a Day or any less Period of Time than Twenty-eight successive 4 Days, any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for drawing any Coach or 4 other Carriage used in travelling Poft or otherwise, the Sum of Five 4 Shillings $ and for and in tefpeft of every Horse, Mare, or Gelding 4 hired by the Mile or Stage, to be used in travelling in Great Bri-4 tainf the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny for every Mile such Horse,

-48Gco.nl.	X	4	'Marc*

27 G.a.c. as.

for farming Duties onroft Horfes, granted

by

*5 G.3.C.5). Schedule (B.)

Said Duties repealed by 4 4 G. a. c. 98.

See § 1. 3.

New Duties . under 44 G. c. 98.

Schedule (A.)

Schedule (BJ

3<>6

C.98.

48" GEO. m.

JLD.xfei*

Farmed radar ' saG.a.c. 50.

Tttiiury m«y

authorize tho Commiffioucr* of Stamp* to let toFann the Dutka granted fey 4* G. a. c.98. for any Term not beyond 1 February 1819.

Mare, or Gelding should be hired to travel, and for and in respect of every Horse, Mare, or Gelding hired for a less Period of Time than Twenty-eight successive Days for drawing on any publick Road any Coach or other Carriage used in traveling Poll or other* wife, if the Diftance at the Time of hiring should be ascertained* the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny for every Mile such Horse, Mare, or Gelding should be hired to travel; and for and in ref* pest of every Horse, Mare, or Gelding so hired as last above-mentioned, in any Cafe where the Diftance should not at the Time of hiring be ascertained, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine-pence for each Day for which such Horse, Mare, or Gelding should be so hired, with an Exception of Horfes, Mares, or Geldings used in licenced Hackney Coaches, where the fame should be employed to go no greater Diftance than Ten Miles from the City of London or IVeftminJUr, or the Suburbs thereof, which said Several Duties are now by force of the said Aft of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign secured, raised, levied, and collected hy and under the JProvifions and Regulations of the said Afts of the Twenty-fifth and Forty-fecond Years of His Majefty’s Reign, relating to the laid Duties so repealed as aforesaid: And whereas the faia Duties granted by the laid Aft of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, in respect of Herfes, Mares, and Geldings, hired in the Manner aforesaid, are now let to Farm under the Authority of an Aft passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for a Term of Years, which will expire on or before the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and nine, and it is expedient that the said Duties should be let to Farm for a further Term, and that some further Provifions should be made for better Securing; the fame; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enafted5’ and be it enacted, by the King’s more Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual aud Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the pafling of this Aft, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treafuiy, or any Three or more of them, for the Time beingi, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, as it /hall be necessary, either by themselves or by His Majefty’s Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties, or some of them, to be authorized for tnfet Purpose, under the Hands of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for the Time being, to let to Farm the said Several Duties granted by the said Aft of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for and in respect of Hones, Mares, and Geldings hired in the Manner aforesaid, to such Perfon or Perfons as shall he willing to farm the Came after the Expiration of the present Leafes thereof, in such Separate and particular Diftrifts as shall be deemed proper and convenient, and under and subject to the Regulations and Reftriftions contained in the said Aft of the Twenty-feventh Year of His Majefty’s Reign, with regard to the Duties thereby authorized to be let to Farm* so Sir as the fame are applicable and not hereby altered: Provided always, that none of the (aid Duties shall be let to Farm for any longer Term or Time than until the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve*

II. And

A«D« 18081

3«7

48° GEO. III.

C. 98*

II.	And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations, and Direftions contained in and prescribed by the said Aft of the Twenty-fcventh Year of His Maiefty’s Reign, shall be deemed and taken to be in full Force and Eneft with ref-peft to the said Duties hereby allowed to be let to Farm, and to the letting of the fame, and to the Fanners thereof, and to all other Matters and Things relating thereto, as far as the fame are or shall be applicable and not altered by or repugnant to the express Proviiions of this Aft, as fully and effeftuaUy as if the fame had been herein repeated and specially enacted with Reference to the (aid Duties hereby allowed to be farmed.

III.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the laid Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, authorized as aforesaid, to prescribe the Time for making a Depofit of a Sum of Money, and the Amount thereof, on account of the Rent to be paid by the Perfon or Perfons who shall contraft to farm any of the (aid Duties hereby allowed to be formed; and in cafe such Perfon or Perfons shall fail to make such Depofit within the Time prescribed, or shall fail to execute a proper Contraft in Writing, and to give Security for the due Performance of such Contraft in the Manner directed by the said Aft of the Twenty-feventh Year of His Majefty’s Reign, within the Time to be appointed for that Puipose, then and in every such Cafe it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, authorized as aforesaid, to declare the Contraft void, and to cause the Duties comprised in such Contraft to be again put up to be let to Farm, pursuant to the Direftions of this and the (aid Aft of the Twenty-feventh Year of His Majfefty’s Reign, and so from Time to Time, as often as any such Failure mall be made.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That not withftandin g any Thing to the contrary contained in an Aft of the present Sefiion, for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds and other Inftruments, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, no Deputation or Commiffion to be hereafter granted pursuant to the said several herein-before mentioned Afts, or any oi them, appointing any Perfon to be a Colleftor of the said Duties on Horfes, Mares, and Geldings hired in the Manner aforesaid, shall be charged or chargeable with any higher Stamp Duty than One Pound and Ten Shillings.

V.	1 And, for better securing the Duties granted by the said Aft 4 of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, in respect of such 4 Licences as aforesaid,9 be it further enacted, That the several Licences for, letting Horfes to Hire, which shall have been granted pursuant to the laid herein-before mentioned Afts, or any of them, and shall be in force at the Time of palling this Aft, and also such as may be granted after the passing of this Aft, and before the Thirty-ffrft Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, shall respectively continue in force until the fold Thirty-firft Day of January indufive, and no longer; and that from and after that Day all -Licences for letting Horfes to Hire, which shall be granted in pur-fuance of the said Afts or any of them, between the Thirty-firft Day of January and the Sixteenth Day of March in any Year, shall be dated on the First Day of February, and all Licences for letting Horfes to Hire, which shall be granted in pursuance of the foid Afts’

X 2	or

Power* of 37 G. 3. c. 36. extended to iha%

Aa.

Depofit Audi be made bj Contra&or* under Order* of Treasury or Stamp Office.

Stamp Duty on Deputation* to ColWtor* fluk not exceed ll. 10*.

Period of Licence* for letting Horlee. 31 January annually.

AJD« i8o&.

C. 98.

48# GEO. HI.

or any of them, at any other Time, shall be dated on the Day on which the fame shall be granted, and all such Licences rcfpeftively ihall have Effeft and continue in force from the Day of the Date thereof, until the Thirty-fird Day of January following, both inclu-five, and no longer.

VI.	* And, for better securing the Duties granted by the said • Aft of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majedy’s Reign, in respect 4 of Horfes, Mares, and Geldings hired in the Manner aforesaid,’ be it further enacted, That from and after the Thirty-fird Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, where any Perfon or Perfons who shall be licensed to let Horfes to Hire in the Manner aforesaid, in pursuance of the said herein-before mentioned Afts or any of them, shall keep any Carriage or Carriages used in trayelling, to be fumifhed at the lame Time with any Horle, Mare, or Gelding, Horfes, Mares, or Geldings, by him, her, or them let to Hire by the Mile or 'Stage (other than and except Mourning Coaches used to attend Funerals, which shall remain subject to the fame Regulations as heretofore) he, (he, or they shall, before any such Carriage shall be so furnished, cause every Carriage kept by him, her, or them, for the Purpofe aforesaid, to be numbered with a different Number, beginning with Number One, and proceeding upwards fuccelfively to the highest Number of Carriages which he, (he, or they shall so keep, and shall also mark or paint, or cause to be marked or painted, in one or more straight Line or Lines, on the outlidc Pannel of each Door of every such Carriage which shall have a Door thereto, and on some conspicuous Part of each of the Out(ides of every such Carriage which shall not have a Door thereto, his, her, or their Chridian and Surname, and the Name of the City, Town, or Place where he, (he, or they shall keep such Carriages to be furni(hed as aforesaid, and the Number of every such Carnage, in huge and legible Cha-rafters and Figures of Black or White, whichever shall moll differ from the Colour of the Carriage whereon the fame shall be marked or painted, each Letter to be at lead One Inch in Length, and each Figure at lead One loch and an Half in Length, and both Letters and Figures to be of a proper Breadth in proportion to the Length thereof respectively, and shall continue the fame on every such Carriage as long as such Carriage shall be kept for the Purpofe afore* said, varying the Numbers on such Carriages from Time to Time as Occafion. shall require, so as to make the fame correfpoud with the actual Number of such Carriages which he, (he, or they shall then Penaltj lol. keep ; and if any Perfon Perfons fo' licensed as aforesaid shall neglect '	or omit to number, mark, or paint any such Carriage in Manner

aforesaid, or (ball mark or paint, or cause to be marked or painted . thereon, any false or fictitious Name or Place, or any higher Number than the greated Number of such Carriages which he, (he, or they ihall then keep, or shall keep Two or more such Carriages with the fame Number marked or painted thereon, or shall continue any Number upon any such Carnage after he, (he, or they shall ceafd to keep a Number of such Carriages corresponding therewith, he, (be or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds*

Particular* to VII. Ai\d be it further enacted, That from and after the said thr StampOffice Thirty-firft Day of January One thousand.eight hundred and nine, Woekij Account *ud every Perfou and Petfafld so fcefifcd w aforesaid shall, indead

of

Perfon* licensed to let Horfes keepiug PolI Carriages (had number the fame, and paint their Name and Place of Abode thereon.

A.D. 1S081

3°9

C* 98.

of the Particulars required by the fiud Aft of the Twenty-fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign to be inserted in his, her, or their Stamp Office Weekly Account, insert and fet forth therein the feverai Particulars following; (that is to fay,) whenever he, (he, or they shall let to Hire by the Mile or Stage any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Horfes, Mares, or Geldings, to be used in trayelling, the Number of Horfes, MarA, or Geldings so let to Hire, the Number of Miles which the fame (hail be hired to go, the Names of the Towns or Places from which and to which the fame shall be hired to go, the Month and Day of the Month and Week when the fame mall be hired, the Sort or Defcription of every Carriage, and the Number of every Carriage hereby required to be numbered, which he, (he, or they shall fumi(h, together with any such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Horfes, Mares, or Geldings, and the Christian and Surname of every Poftillion or Driver employed therewith, and also the Amount of the Duty payable for and in respect of the fame upon every such Hiring; and whenever he, (he, or they shall let to Hire, for any Period of Time less than Twenty-eight successive Days, any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Hordes, Mares, or Geldings, for drawing any Carriage used in travelling as aforesaid, the Number of Horfes, Mares,' or Geldings so let to hirr, the Month and Day of the Month and Week when the fame shall be hired, the Sort or Defcription of every Carnage, and the Number of every Carnage hereby required to bo numbered, which shall be furni(hed therewith, the Christian and Surname of every .Poftillion or Driver employed with the fame, the Time for which the fame shall be hired, and the Number of Miles which the fame shall be hired to go, where the Diftance shall be afeer-tained, and also the Amount of the Duty payable for and in respect of the fame upon every such Hiring; and* in cafe of any Refufalor Negleft to insert the (aid feverai Particulars, or any of them, in any such Weekly Account as aforesaid, he, (he, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, and all the Regulations, Direftions, Forfeitures, and Penalties contained in the said Aft of the Twenty-fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, relative to the Stamp Office Weekly Accounts, and not hereby altered or varied, shall be deemed and taken to be in force, and to apply to such Accounts, with such Alterations and Variations as are herein-before directed and required to be made therein.

VIII.	4 And, for preventing Frauds and Evafions of the faid

*	Duties granted by the said Aft of the Forty-fourth Year of His

*	Majefty’s Reign’, be it further enacted, That from and after the Thirty-nrft Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, where any Perfon or Perfons so licensed as aforesaid shall let to Hire, by the Mile or Stage, any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Horfes, Mares, or Geldings, to be used in trayelling, and shall charge the Perfon or Perfons hiring the fame a specific Sum of Money for the whole Stage or Diftance which the fame shall be hired to go, and, not after the usual or any certain Rate per Mile, the Perfor, or Perfon! letting such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Horfes, Mares, or Geldings, shall be accountable for One-fourth Part of the Sum of Money so to be charged by him, her, or them, as and for the Duty imposed by the faia Aft of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign in such Cafe, and shall deliver to the Perfon or Perfons hiring such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Horfes, Marcs, or Geldings, (he like

X 3	•	Stamp

GEO. III.

inftead of tlwfa required by 25 G.O'.o. 51. § 37-

Penalty 10L

Perforin charging a specific Sum for the whole Diftance shall be accountable for One-fourih of the Amount as the Duty imposed by 44 G.d.c. 98.

3io,

JLD.i8o8«

Licenfed Perfons letting Horfes to hire by the Mile, Slc. shall enter Particulars in Weekly Accounts on the , Day of letting.

Perfons not licensed so letting shall be accountable for the Dntiea voder 44 G. 8. c. 98. and deliver Account to the Colle&or, on Notice, and pay the Duties.

Penalty lol.and double Duties.

c.98.	48° geo, in;

Stamp Office Ticket as if the fame had been charged for per Mile* except that instead of the Number of Miles there shall be therein ex-prefled the specific Sum charged for the fame; and the Perfcn or Per* loos letting such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Horfes, Mares, or Geldings, shall also enter in the Stamp Office Weekly Account required to be kept by the said A61 of the Twenty-fifth Year of His Majefty’t Reign, One-fourth Part of the Sum so to be charged as aforesaid, as * and for the Duty payable in refpeA of such Horie, Mare, or Gelding, Horfes, Mares, or Geldings, and shall pay the fame accordingly to the ColleAor or ColleAors who shall be authorized to receive the said Duties; and if any such licensed Perfon or Perfons shall refuse or negleA so to do, he, (he, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

IX.	And be it further enaAed, That from and after the Thirty* first Day of January One thouland eight hundred and nine, all and every Perfon and Perfons so licensed as aforesaid, who shall let to Hirq by the Mile or Stage any Horse, Mare, or Gelding to be used in trayelling, or shall let to Hire for any less Period of Time than Twenty-eight successive Days, any Horse, Mare, or Gelding for drawing any Carriage used in travelling as aforesaid, shall enter, or cause to be entered in his, her, or their Stamp Office Weekly Account the several Particulars by this AA required to be inserted therein, on the fame Day on which he, (he, or they shall let such Horse, Mare, or Gelding to Hire as aforesaid; and in Default thereof he, (he, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

X.	And be it further enaAed, That if any Perfon or Perfons not being licensed as aforesaid, shall, after the (aid Thirty-firft Day of January One thouland eight hundred and nine, let to Hire by the Mile or Stage any Horie, Mare, or Gelding, to be used in tra* veiling, or shall let to Hire for any Period of Time less than Twenty-eight successive Days, any Horse, Mare, or Gelding for drawing any such Carriage as aforesaid, he, (he, or they shall be chargeable with and accountable for the Duty or Duties granted by the laid AA of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for and in refpeA of every Horse, Mare, or Gelding (o to be let to Hire, in such and the fame Manner as if he, (he, or they had obtained such Licence as aforesaid, and had received such Duty or Duties of and from the Perfon or Perfons hiring such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, and shall from Time to Time, upon a Week’s Notice in Writing for that Purpofe given by any ColleAor of the said Duties for the County, DiftriA, or Place where he, (he, or they shall so let any Horse, Mare, or Gelding to Hire as aforesaid, deliver to such ColleAor, whenever by him requested, after the Expiration of such Notice, a true Account in Writing, signed by him, her^ or them, of every Horse, Mare, and Gelding, which he, (he, or they shall have let to Hire in the Manner aforesaid, and shall not then have already accounted for, and of the Duty or Duties payable in refpeA thereof, and shall thereupon pay to fuen ColleAor the Amount of such Duty or Duties; and in cafe of any Refufal or NegleA so to do, then he, (he or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Default in not so delivering iuch Account, and double the Amount of the Duty or Duties which he, (be, or they shall be then chaigeable with for the Non-payment thereof: Provided always, that where any such Notice

5	ibaty

A*D* 18081

48° GEO. III.	C.98.

ftall have been given, and Requeft made for the Delivery of such Account at aforesaid, then upon the Delivery of such Account and Payment of the Duty due thereon in pursuance of such Notice and Request, the Perfon or Perfons so delivering and paying the fame, ftiau be indemnified and discharged from any Penalty or Penalties which he, (he, or they may be then liable to, in consequence of having let to Hire any Hor(e, Mare, or Gelding, in the Manner mentioned in such Account, without having obtained such Licence as aforesaid.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty- Duties not first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, where ^iTte^covered any Perfon and Perfons liable to account for and pay any Duty or ^ Diftrefs. Duties granted by the said Aft of the Forty-fourth Year of "His

Majefty’s Reign, tor and in respect of any Hone, Mare, or Gelding,

Horfes, Mares, or Geldings, by him, her, or them let to Hire as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to account for and pay the fame according to the Direftions of the (aid herein-before mentioned Afts, or any of them, or of this Aft, to the Colleftor appointed to receive such Duties for the County, District, or Place where he, (he, or they shall have let to Hire such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Horfes, Mares, or Geldings, and such Duty or Duties shall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, it shall be lawful for such Collector, first obtaining a Warrant for that Purpose, under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any One or more of His Maiefty’s Juft ices of the Peace redding near the Place where any such letting to Hire shall have been made, (which Warrant shall be granted by luch Juftice or Justices on Complaint made to him or them, and on due Proof of the Sum due and owing for such Duty or Duties as aforesaid, by the voluntary Confeflion of the Party, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witnefs or Wit-nestes, 1 to distrain such Perfon or Perfons by his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, for the Amount of such Duty or Duties, and the Dif-trefs so to be taken, to detain and keep for the Space of Four Days, at the Cofts and Charges of such Perfon or Perfons; and if he, (he, or they shall not within that Time pay the Amount of such Duty or Duties, with the Cofts and Charges of taking and keeping such Dif-tress, then the Goods and Chattels so distrained shall be fold by such Collector, who shall render the Overplus of the Money arising by the Sale thereof, if any shall remain after dedufting and retaining the Amount of such Duty or Duties, and the Cofts and Charges of taking, keeping, and felling such Distress, to the Perfon or Perfons so to be distrained as aforesaid; and it shall also be lawful for such Colleftor for the Purpofe of taking such Distress, to break open in the Daytime any House or Place where any Goods or Chattels of such Perfon or Perfons shall be, being thereunto authorized by such Warrant as aforesaid, and calling to his Affiftance a Con (table, Tything-man or Headborough of the County, Shire, Stewartry, City, Town, or Place where any Refufal or Refiftance shall be made, which said Officers are hereby required to aid and assist therein.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of Reporery ef this Aft, all pecuniary Penalties amounting to Ten Pounds or up-

wards, and not amounting to Fifty Pounds, imposed by this Aft, or by the said Aft of the Twenty-fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, may be sued for, recovered, and levied, either in the Manner prescribed by that Aft with regard to Penalties amounting to Fifty Pounds,

X4	or

A.D. lSo8

C.989 99*	48° GEO.	III.

or in the Manner thereby prescribed with regard to Penalties not amounting to Fifty Pounds: and all pecuniary Penalties not amounting to Ten Pounds, imposed by this Aft, mall be sued for, recovered, and levied in the Manner prescribed by the said Aft of the Twenty-fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign with regard to Penalties of the fame Amount.

Application of XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling

Penalties.	cf this Aft all pecuniary Penalties imposed by this Aft and by the

faid several herein-before mentioned Afts, in any wife relating to the said Duties herein-before particularly mentioned, which shall be sued for within Six Calendar Months after the fame shall be incurred, shall be divided and go in the Manner following ; that is to fay, One Moiety thereof shall go to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeflors, and the other Moiety thereof, together with full Cofts of Suit, shall go to the ' Perfon or Perfons who shall inform and sue for the fame; and it shall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons whomsoever to inform and sue for the fame within the Time aforesaid, notwithstanding the Provifions to the contrary contained in the said Aft of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majefty's Reign, or in any other Aft or Afts; and all such Penalties as shall not be sued for within the Time aforesaid, shall go and belong wholly to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors,

M Aft may be altered this Seflion. § 14.”

CAP. XCIX.

jtaG.a. c. la*.

An Aft for depositing Prize Goods liable to Duty in Ware-houfes under the * Care of the Officers of the Cuftoms and Excife, and for reducing Spirits condemned as Prize to a proper Strength, for Home Confumption.

[23d June 1808.2

WHEREAS by an Aft made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His pfefent Majesty, intituled, An A8 for the 1 Relief of the Captors of Prizes with reJfyeS to the bringing and land•

* ing certain Prize Goods in Great Britain during Hojlilitits, it was 4 enacted, that any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize which should * have been taken as Prize since the Commencement, or might be 4 taken during the Continuance of Hoftilities, and which had been * or might be brought into Great Britain by any of His Majefty’a * Ships of War, or by any Private, or other Ship or Veffel having 4 Commiffion from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the • Commifiioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of • Great Britain for the Time being, or which had been or might be 4 seized by any Non-commiffioned VefTel, or otherwise as Droits of 4 Admiralty should and might upon Condemnation thereof, as lawful • Prize be landed in any Port in Great Britain, and secured under the * * King’s Locks in Warehoufes provided at the foie Expence of the 4 Captors, with the Privity and Approbation, and under the Care and 4 Inlpeftion of the Commifiioners, or other Principal Officers for col-4 leftmg and managing the respective Duties of Cuftoms, and by the 4 said Aft certain Rules, Regulations, and Provifions arc? prescribed,

4 fettled, and established for placing such Goods under the Care and 4 Management of the Commifiioners of Cuftoms in Manner in the said 4 Aft mentioned : And whereas it is expedient that all Foreign Spirits,

4	4	Wine,

A*D«1808#

48° GEO.IIL	C,	99*

*	Wine, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Tea, Tobacco, Snuff, and other Goods, 1 Wares, and Merchandize of a Sort or Kind, in respect whereof any

*	Duty of Excife is by Law imposed, taken as Prize which shall upon

*	Condemnation thereof as lawful Prize have been or shall be landed in

*	any Part of Great Britain, shall be secured in such Warehouses as

*	are herein-aftcr in that Behalf mentioned be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by tne Authority of the fame. That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, all Foreign Spirits, Wine,. Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Tea, Tobacco, Snuff, and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of a Sort or Kind, in respect whereof any Duty of Excife is by Law imposed, t^ken as Prize, which shall upon Condemnation thereof as lawful Prize, have been or shall be landed in Great Britain, shall be secured under the King’s Lock in Warehoufes provided at the Expence of the Captors, with the Privity and Approbation, and under the Care and Infpe&ion of the Commissioners, or other Principal Officers of the Cuftoms and Excife respectively.

II.	And be it further enabled, That all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so secured in^ny such Warehouse, shall be and remain under the Charge, Cuftody, and Management of the said respective Coramiflloners, and the proper Officers of the Cuftoms and Excife refpectf vely, until the fame shall be regularly delivered from and out pf such Warehoufe for Home Confumption, or shall be actually shipped for Exportation and exported, or shall be delivered out of any luch Warehoufe for any other Purpose, under the Authority and with the Leave of the Commissioners of the Cuftoms and Excife.

III.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful I for the Officers of Excife or any of them, from Time to Time to in-

fpe&, examine, gauge, weigh, and take and keep Accounts of all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize in the fame Manner as any such Officer or Officers is or shall be authorized or empowered by any A6t or A&8 of Parliament to do with respect to Goods, Wares, or Merchandize ~f the fame Sort or Kind regularly imported.

IV.	j*ud be it further enacted. That all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, subject to a Duty of Excife which shall be delivered or taken out of any such Warehoufe for Home Confumption, shall be accompanied by an Excife Permit granted according to the Laws in that Cafe made and provided, and in cafe any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be delivered or taken out of any such Warehoufe for Exportation, the fame and every Part thereof shall forthwith and without any unnecessary Delay, and in the Prefence of the proper Officers of Excife he carried to and put on board the Ship or VeiTel, in which the fame are intended to be exported ; and in cafe the fame of any Part thereof shall be altered in Quantity or Quality, after being delivered from or out of the Warehouse, and before the fame shall be exported, or shall not be actually put on board such Ship or Veflel, or if the* Whole or any Part thereof, shall after being so shipped be unihipped, or put into any other Ship or VefTel, or into any Boat (Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident excepted), or shall be relanded in Great Britain, all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the (hipping of which shall be so omitted or neglected, or which shall be altered in Quantity or Quality, or shall bu unfliipped or relanded,

(hall

Foreign Spin*, Wine, See. end other Excifeable Good* taken as Prize fall on landing lie secured in Ware-houfes under the King's Lock.

Such Goods Shall be in Chare* of Cuftoms ana Excife till delivered fa Home Confump-tion or Exportation.

Officers of Excife fall gauge and keep Account of fuch' Goods.

Such Goods delivered out for Home Confump-tion (hill be accompanied with an Kxeiie Permit, and Goods for Exportation fliiill bo shipped in Prefence of Officer, Sec.

r-

A.D. i8o&



Bond on (hipping Wine and Spirits lor Exportation.

Itofmy moy authorize Com-iriiffionen of Excife to increafit er dimintfh ths Strength of Rite Spirits.

Such Spirits ftibje&ed to Regulatioos of Wsrehoufing Adi.

43 G. 3. c. 130.

43 G.S. c. 87*

46G.S. e.137.

€.99.	48° geo. nr.

(hall together with the Packages containing the fame be forfeited, and (hail ana may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

V.	And be it further enacted, That in respect of Wine and Spirits respectively condemned as Prize, and which shall be taken out of any such Warehoufe to be shipped for Exportation, Security shall be given by Bond, as in the Cafe of Wine and Spirits rel-peftively, which shall have been or shall be regularly imported in the usual Courfe of Trade, and exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts by Way of Merchandize.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe it shall be found ne-ceffary or expedient to increase or dimini(h the Strength of any Prize Spirits condemned as aforesaid, in order to render the fame fit and proper to be fold for Home Confumption, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lords Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three of them, by Warrant under their Hands to authorize, empower, and direft the Commissioners of Excife to cause any Prize Spirits duly condemned as aforesaid, to be brought to such Strength as shall be thought proper, to render the fame fit for Sale for Home Confumption, cither by the Admixture of One Part with another, or with Water, or by Re-di ft illation and Adjuftment at the Expence of the Captors, Agents, Purchafers, or Proprietors of such Spirits$ and all such Spirits so made or brought to such Strength shall be fub-jeft and liable to such Rules, Regulations, and Conditions as are herein-after mentioned.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That all such Foreign Spirits so made or brought to such Strength as aforesaid, under the Authority of the Lords Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, shall befub-jeft to all and singular the Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions, and Pro* vifion8, contained, provided, fettled, or established in or by an Aft made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An AS for permitting certain Goode imported into Great Britain, to be secured in Warehoufe without Payment of Duty, or in or by another Aft made in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of Hi* laid present Majesty, intituled. An A8 to authorise the Lords Com-mtffioners of His Majefty* s Treasury, to permit certain Articles to be warehoused in different Ports in Great Britain, upon giving Security for the Payment of Duties upon the Articles mentioned, or in or by another Aft made in the Forty-fixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An AS to extend the Powers of an AS made in the Forty •third Tiar of His present Majesty, for permitting certain Articles to he warehoused in Great jBritain, to other Articles not therein mentioned, and to alter the Condition of the Bond direSed to he given by an AS of the Twenty-fourth Tear of His present Majesty, by the Mafters and Owners of Vtjjels and Boats licensed by the Lords of the Admiralty, as the Cafe may require, for or in respect of Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or other Spirits nefpeftively, so far as the said Rules, Regulations! Reftriftions, and Provisions, in or by the said Afts can or may be applied to such Brandy, Rumy Geneva, pr other Spirits.

CAP.

!LD'i8o8r	*8° GEO. Ill*	C. ioo—102.	5Tf

‘ CAP, C,

An A& for extending the Provifions of an Aft made In the 47 g. a. ft. y Forty-feventh Year of His present Majesty, so far as respects c. 47. the Payment of Prize Money anting from Captures made by Foreign in conjunction with British Ships, to Captures made by the Land Forces of Foreign States in conjunction with theBriti/b.	[23d June	1808.3

Money in hand arising from the Capture of Malta* or from other u Captures made by Land Forces belonging to any Foreign States in “ conjunction with His Majefty’s Foroes, shall be paid over to the Minifters of such Foreign States respectively for the Benefit of the several Captors.”

CAP. Cl.

An A€t for extinguishing the Rightof Way over a Lane or Road Seejua. 44 G. a. leading across the Exercifing Ground in front of Chatham c*79m Lines, and for veiling the Soil thereof in His Majesty, His Heirs and Succefiors,	[23d June	1808.]

CAP. CII.

An Aflt for appointing Commiflioners for carrying into Execution an A& of this Seffion of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Penfions and Offices in England; and an A& made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Ma-jefty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land-Tax, to f>e raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

[23d June 1808.3

f YT7HEREAS by an Aft made in this present Seffion of Par- 4sG.s. e»s.

*	V V liament, intituled. An A3 for continuing to His Majesty cer»

« tain Duties on Malt* Sugar, Tobacco* and Snuff* in Great Britain,

*	and on Penjions and Offices in England; and for repealing so much

<	of certain ABs as relate to certain Duties of Sixpence and One Shil-« ling rejpedivcly on Offices and Penjions ; and for re-granting the faid

<	Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling respectively ; and the said other

*	Duties* for the Service of the Tear One thousand eight hundred and

*	eight* it was enacted, that all and every the Perfons, who, in and

*	by certain Afts therein mentioned, made in the Forty-fifth and 45 G.3. e.4*. f Forty-fixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, were named 46 G. a. c. ioy. « and appointed Commiflioners (duly qualifying themfelves) for put-

<	ting the several Afts therein specified into Execution, within the « several Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, f Divisions, and Places of England* Wales* and the Town pf Ber*

<	wici-upon~Tweed* should be Commiflioners for putting the said Aft

<	into Execution, so far as the fame relates to the Duty on Penfions, f Offices, and Perfonal Estates, unless before the Day therein ap-f pointed for the first Meeting of the Commiflioners for putting the « laid Aft into Execution, so far as the fame relates to the Duties f on Penfions, Offices, and Perfonal Estates, some Aft or Afts of

f Parliament should be made for naming and appointing Special Com- "

* {niffionem

3*«

38 G. 3. C.3.

08 G. 3. C. 30.

CommUTionen

appointed.

38 G.3, c. 5.

Commiffionen

appointed for fecothmd.

Qualifications to be the fame At required by 38 G. 3. c. 3.

Ci io2*	GEO.	HI*.	A*D.	i8off«

4 miffionera for putting the said AA into Execution, so f«r *a the

*	fame relates to the Duties on Penfions, Offices, and Perfonal £(-

*	tates: And whereas it is expedient, that other Commissioners fhould

*	be appointed for putting into Execution an AA made in the Thirty-

*	eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An AH 4 for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in 4 Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thoufand/even hundred 4 and ninety-eight; of which A A, certain Powers, rroviuons, Clauses,

*	Matters, and Things, were continued for ever, by an A61 made io 4 the fame Year, intituled, An A8for making perpetual', fubjeff to Re-4 demotion and Purcfafc in the Manner thereindated, the several Sum* 4 of Money now charged in Great Britain as a I.and Tax for One Teart 4 from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and 4 ninety-eight: May it therefore please Your Maieity that it tnay be 4 enabledand be it cna&ed by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all and every the Perfons hereafter named and mentioned; (that is to fay,)

[Herefollow the Names of the Commissioners for England and Wales. 3 Being first duly qualified to a& as Commissioners of the Land Tax, in' Manner herein directed, shall be and are hereby declared to be Com-iuifiioner$ for putting into Execution the said recited AA made so this Seffion of Parliament, so far as the fame relates to the Duties on Penfions, Offices, a Ad Perfonal E dates, ahd also such of the Pow* ers, Provifiofts, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in the said recited A61 made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Aft for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, as are continued for ever by the laid recited AA made in the fame Year within the several Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively, in that Part of Great Britain, called -England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed•

II.	And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Perfon and Perfons hereafter named and mentioned j (that is to lay,)

\Here follow the Names of the Commissioners for Scotland. 3 Being duly qualified to a& as Commissioners of the Land Tax, fhaQ be and they are hereby declared to be Commissioners, for putting into Execution such of the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things of the said recited A6t made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as are continued for ever by the said recited A A of tne fame Year, within the several Shires, Stew-artries, and Places respectively, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

III.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Perfons hereby appointed Commissioners ftiall have such and the fame Qualifications, as are required by the said recited A A made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Keign of His present Majesty, intituled. An Aft for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Tear One thousand seven hundred and ninety •eight; and also of

33

<AJ).i8o&	48+	GEO.	IIL	C.	ioz, 103.	117

an A€t mide in the fame Seffion of Parliament, intituled, An AB td 3sG.3**.48. alter and amendJo much of an AB faffed in this present Seffion of Par* liament, intituled, 4 An AB for granting an Aid to Hie Majejty by a 4 Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Tear 4 One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, as relates to the Qnali*

€Jieation of Commissioners and shall be subject to the several Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said recited A&s respectively.

IV.	Provided also, and be it further enacted. That where in any Qualified Perfoni City, Liberty, or Place, the Qualification of a Commifiioner to a& ,n therein shall consist of Perfonal Estate, it shall be lawful for any Per-ion having a Perfonal Eftate of the Value required by the said A£U» ^ or either of them, to act as such Commifiioner in all Cafes where such Ccmuuiffiooen. Perfon shall have been taxed, and shall have paid for such Perfonal Eftate by and upon the last Afleflment then made for such City,

Liberty, or Place, by virtue of any A&, for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Penftons, Offices, and Perfonal Eftates in England, palled before the making of such Afiefiment; any Thing in the said Adis, or either of them contained to the contrary not-withftanding : Provided also. That all Perfons who shall ad as Juf- Justices may tices of the Peace of or for any County, Riding, Shire, or Stew artry in Great Britain, being duly qualified as aforesaid, may ad as such Commissioners, although not specially named in this Ad.	7

CAP. CIII.

An Ad for further extending the Provifions of several Ads, for eftablilhing the Bank of Ireland; and for empowering the Governor and Company of the said Bank, to advance the Sum of One Million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, Irjjh Currency, towards the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight. [25th June x8o8.j ‘ Moft Gracious Sovereign,

J HE REAS in pursuance of an Ad pafied in the Parlia- Irifli Afls,

4 VV meut of Ireland, in the Twenty-firft and Twenty-fecond si&-22G.;3.c.i6.

4 Years of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An AB for ejlar *?r efaMiihing 4 blijhing a Bank by the Name of the Governor and Company of the 4 Bank of Ireland, the Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds was e 1 4 subscribed and paid by Debentures ifiued from His Majefty’s 4 Treasury of Ireland; and the Perfons who subscribed and paid the 4 fame, were, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland*

4 incorporated by the Name" of44 The Governor and Company of the 4 Bank of Irelandto have perpetual Succefiion, subject to a Pro.

4 yifo or Condition of Redemption in the said recited Ad contained:

4 And whereas by an Ad patted in the Parliament of Ireland, in the $ so.

4 Thirty-firft Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, for extending aiG.a. c.as,

4 the Provifions of the said Ad of the Twenty-firft and Twenty-4 fecpnd Years of His Majefty’s Reign, the said Governor and Com-4 pany were empowered to receive Subfcriptions for enlarging their 4 aforesaid Capital Stock or Fund of Six hundred thousand Pounds,

4 in any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Four hundred thousand 4 Pounds, so as to make their whole Capital Stock the Sum of One 4 Miilion: And whereas the laid further Sum of Four hundred thou* § 3.

* bad Pounds was accordingly subscribed and paid; And whereas by

4 the

48* GEO* HI*

31$	C.IOJ.

A*D« 1S0S4

•7G.8.C.50.

!<>?•

i9, 10.

I

So much of 91 G.a. c. 39. as reUtes to the determining of the Annuity thorein

4 the said recited Aft of the Thlrty-finft Yew aforesaid, so much of

*	die said Aft of the Twenty-firft and Twenty-fecond Years of His 4 present Majefty’s Reign, as related to the ceasing and determine 4 ing of the said Corporation, was repealed; and it was provided,

*	that the (aid Corporation might be cuffolved upon Twelve Months 4 Notice after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred

*	and sixteen, upon the Terms and Conditions in the Aft of the 4 Thirty-firft Year aforesaid mentioned and specified: And whereas ••by an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-feventh 4 Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, for further extending the

*	Provifions of the said recited Aft ofthe Twenty-firft and Twenty*

*	fecond Years, the (aid Governor and Company were empowered to 4 receive Subscriptions for enlarging the said Capital Stock or

*	Fund of One Miilion, in any Sum not exceeding the further Sum

*	of Five hundred thousand Pounds Capital Stock, so as to make the

*	whole Capital Stock the Sum of One million five hundred thousand 4 Pounds; and the said further Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds 4 was accordingly fubferibed and paid; and by the said recited Aft 4 of the Thirty-leventh Year aforesaid, it was provided that the said 4 Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds should be paid into the Re-4 ceipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer of Ireland at a Loan, and that

*	there should be paid from the Exchequer of Ireland to the said Go*

4 vemor and Company an Intereft or Annuity of Twenty-five thou-4 sand Pounds, being a Sum equal to the Amount of the whole In-4 terest on the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, after the 4 Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per jfnnum ; and also that there 4 should be paid from the said Exchequer to the said Governor and 4 Company, a further Annuity of Three Pounds Twelve Shillings and 4 Sixpence, for every One hundred Pounds of the said Five hundred 4 thousand Pounds, for Nineteen Years, from the Twenty-fourth Day 4 of June One thousand seven hundred and ninetv-feven ; and by the 4 said recited Aft of the Thirty-feventh Year aforesaid, an Annuity 4 or yearly Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds was made payable to the 4 said Governor and Company, for the before-mentioned Sum of Six 4 hundred thousand Pounds: And whereas it will promote the Ex-4 tension of publick Credit, and tend to the Furtherance of Com-4 merce in Ireland, if the Capital Stock of the said Bank were in* 4 creased by the Addition of a further Sum not exceeding the Sum of 4 One Miilion, and if the Term for the determining of the said Cor-4 poration were extended upon the Terms and Conditions herein-after 4 mentioned: And whereas the said Governor and Company are will-4 ing and have agreed to advance towards the Supply granted to Your 4 Majesty, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand 4 eight hundred and eight, the Sum of One million two hundred and 4 fifty thousand Pounds, Irijb Currency, upon the Terms and Con-4 ditions hereinafter in that Behalf mentionedBe it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That so much and such Part of the Provifions contained in the said recited Aft of the Parliament of Ireland, made in the Thirty-firft Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, as relates to the determining of the Annuity in the said Aft mentioned, and to the diftolving of the said Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank

of

AJ). i8o8.	43°	GEO. Ill*	.C.xoj.

of Ireland, upon the Notice and Payments in the said Ad mentioned, ihall be and the fame is hereby repealed ; and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and their Succefiors, for ever, ihall remain, continue, and be one Body Corporate and Politick, by the Name of u The Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland” aforesaid, and shall for ever have, receive, and enjoy the (aid several Annuities of Thirty thouland Pounds and Twenty-five thou* land Pounds in the said recited Ad of the Thirty-feventh Year afore* said mentioned, and shall also have, receive, and enjoy the said An* nuity after the Rate of Three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence for every One hundred Pounds of the laid Sum of Five hundred thou* sand Pounds, for Nineteen Years from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, in the said last recited Ad also mentioned $ together with all Abilities, Capacities* Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages whatsoever, to which the said Governor and Com* pany of the Bank of Ireland now are or before the palling of this Ad were entitled by the said several herein-before recited Ads, or any of them, and by their Charter $ and the (aid Governor and Company, and their Succelfors, shall be and are hereby freed and dif-charged from the said Condition of Redemption: Subjed neverthe-lefs to the Conditions and Provifions in this present Ad mentioned and contained*

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing in this Ad contained shall extend or be deemed or taken to extend in any wife to alter, prejudice, or affect the Conftrudion, Effed, or Operation of the Ad of the Parliament of Ireland• of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled, An AQfor the Relief of Hu MaieJly'j Poptfb or Roman Catholic SubjeQs of Ireland, touching any Right or Privilege whatsoever, of which His Majefty’s said Subjeds are by the said Ad rendered capable.

III.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, so soon as they shall thinx proper, to receive Subfcriptions from any Perfon or Perfons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for enlarging their Capital Stock or Fund of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, so as to make the whole Capital Stock the Sum of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds, and for providing a further Sum of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds towards completing the afore-mentioned Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, provided the Whole thereof shall be subscribed and paid on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, which Subfcriptions shall be made at the Rate of One hundred and twenty-five Pounds Irijh Currency, for every One hundred Pounds of such additional Stock $ and the Money for such additional Stock shall be paid in such Manner and Form, and by such Infialments or Proportions, as the Court of Directors of the said Bank shall from Time to Time appoint, so as that the Whole of the said Subscription shall be subscribed and paid on or before the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine; •and the Capital Stock of One Million subscribed and paid for, shall from and after the Time of such Payment be deemed and taken as and for a Part of the Capital Stock of the said Corporation; and

the

&l9

mentioned, and to the dissolving the said Bank, repealed.

Bank shall remain a Corporation.

Not to aJfedk Iriih Act, as G.a. c.ai* as to Papitt*.

Bank empowered to incieafe their Capital by One Million additional..

AJDi 1808.



BMfcmls fall lie paid on additional Stock,

Pirfcrrnc* (hall

be given in Shbfrriptions / to pn»ft*nt Prifprictois.

Penalty 00 Perfom failing in making their Payments.

Francers may be

bubferiben.

e. 103.	48°	GEO. III.

the Subfcribers thereto, from and after the Time of making full Payment for such additional Stock, and their respective Executors, Adminiftratars, and Afligns, shall at all Times be Members of the said Corporation and incorporated therein, and shall be entitled unto, and have, hold, and enjoy all Benefits, Privileges, Advantages, and Immunities, and be subject and liable to all Regulations, Rules, and Orders, to which the present Stockholders and Members of the said Corporation, in respect of the Stock held by and belonging to them are respectively entitled, subject, and liable unto, by the said fevers! Afts of Parliament herein-before recited, or by any other Aft or Afts of Parliament, Grants or Charters whatsoever now in force, or by any Bye Law of the said Corporation or otherwise howfoever} and the said additional Stock shall be transferable and afiignable in like Manner, and the Proprietors and Holders thereof shall hold their refoeftive Shares of the (aid additional Stock in like Manner as the respective Stockholders of the said Corporation now do, and hereafter shall hold and enjoy the respective Sums belonging to them in the present Capital Stock of the said Corporation, and the fame shall in all Refpefts be consolidated and united as One Joint Stock.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the said Corporation shall and may from Time to Time make and pay the like Dividends to the Proprietors of the said additional Stock, as they shall make and pay to tne Proprietors and Holders of the present Stock of the said Corporation ; the first of which Dividends shall commence from such Time as shall be specified in the Propofals or Terms to be offered for such Subfcription by the said Court of Direftors.

V.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Court of Direftors shall and they are hereby required to give the Option and Preference in fubferibing for the said additional Stock, to such Per-fons as shall hold the Stock of the said Bank at the Time or Times of such Subfcription as aforesaid, so far as and not exceeding upon the Whole of the said Sum of One Miilion, the Amount of Sixty-fix Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence per Centum on the said present Capital Stock of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, which shall be then held by each Stockholder so fubferibing, and in the fame Proportion for any Sum left than the said Sum of One Miilion, which may from Time to Time be fubferibed for and paid; and all Executors, Adminiftrators, Guardians, and Truftees, shall be indemnified in making such Subfcriptions and Payments.

VI.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That in cafe any Perfon, after having fubferibed, shall fail to make any of the Payments agreed, at the respective Times appointed for making such Payments, then% and in every such Cafe all Depofits and Payments made by such Defaulters previous to such Default shall be forfeited to and become thd Property of the said Corporation ; and in cafe all the Proprietors of the said Capital Stock of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, shall not fabferibe for their respective Proportions of the (aid Sum of One Miilion, then such Deficiency shall be difpofrd of to such other Perfons as (hail be willing to fubferibe for the fame in such Proportions as aforesaid ; and in cafe any Proprietor or Proprietors shall refuse or neglect to fubferibe and pay-his, her, or their Share of the Monies so to be paid at the Time or Times aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and their Succcfibrs, not only to Hop the Share or Dividend of the

Funds,

A«Dt1808.

48° GEO. III.

C.103*

3*f

Funds, Stocks, or Profits of the said Company,, which shall from Time to Time become payable to such Member or Members so neglecting or refilling, and to apply the fame from Time to Time for or towards Payment of the Share of the Money so called for, and which ought to have been paid by such Member or Members so ne-gleCting or refuting, until the fame shall be satisfied, but also to flop the Transfers or Aflignments of the Share of every such Defaulter, and to charge every such Defaulter with an Intcreft after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum for the Monies so by him, her, or them, omitted to be paid, from the Time the fame were appointed to be paid, and the Interefl thereof; and in cafe the Principal and In-tereft shall be unpaid by the Space of Three Months, then the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall have Power to fell so much of the said Stock of every such Defaulter as shall satisfy and pay the fame, rendering the Overplus to the Proprietor, if any be.

VII.	And be it’further enaCled, That from the Time the said Sum of One Million shall be fubferibed and paid in under the Provitions of this Ad, the said Corporation may borrow or give Security for any Sum or Sums, so that they shall not owe at any one Time more than a Sum equal to the said Sums of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds, and of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds ; any Thing in the said herein-before recited Ads or any of them contained to the contrary notwithilanding.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland to advance arjd lend to His Majesty,. at the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, the afore-mentioned Sum of One million two hundred and .fifty thousand Pounds, Irt/b Currency, any Thing contained in any Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwithilanding; and that the Whole of the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, shall be paid on or before the Fourth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, by such Inflalments as are* hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay. Ten Pounds per Centum on or before the Sixth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight; the further Sum of Ten Pounds prr Centum on or before the Twentieth Day of June then next following; the further Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum on or before the Ninth Day of July then next following; the further Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum on or before the Ninth Day of Augujl then next following ; the further Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum on or before the Tenth Day of September then next following; the further Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum on or before the Tenth Day of 0Sober then next following; the further Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum on or before the Tenth Day of November then next following; the further Sum of Ten Pounds far Centum on or before the Tenth Day of December then next foliow-

and the remaining Sum of Twenty Pounds per Centum on or Tore the Fourth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and and the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thou-

Wben On# Million is fubferibed. Corporation may borrow Money.

Bank empowered to lend 1,350,0001, to Government by Infalmcnts.

ing;

beto

nine:

fand Pounds, or any Part thereof, as the fame shall be so paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, shall be a Loan to His Majesty towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for the Service of His Majesty in Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.	1

48 Geo. Ill,	Y	IX. And

A«D* 1808.

3**

Intereft on liiftalmenti ct A* per Cent.

and after Pk^ment of the Whole, an Annuity of 69,500t. payable Half-yearly.

Bank Corporation may be diflbhred on Notice, after ift January 1W7.

If bid Sam of

l,flso,000U not paid before 4th January 1809, be#

C* 103*	48b	GEO*	Ilf*

IX.	And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid and payable at the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, out of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland, for each and every Inilalment of the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, from the Day of the Payment of such Inilalment, until the Fourth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Intereft after the Rate of Five Pounds by the Year for each One hundred Pounds, and from and after the said Fourth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, and the complete and full Payment of the Whole of the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, an Intereft or Annuity of Sixty-two thousand five hundred Pounds Irijb * Currency, being a Sum equal to the Amount of the whole Intereft of the (aid Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds,

at the Rate of Five Pounder Centum ter Annum ; which Sum shall be paid thenceforward by two equal Half-yearly Payments, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, without any Defalcation or Abatement; the First Payment of the said Annuity or Intereft to be made on the Fourth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine.

X.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That at any Time after the First Day of January which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, upon Twelve Months Notice to be published in the Dublin Gazette, by Order of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, that the said Corporation of the Bank is to be diflolvcd, and upon Repayment by Parliament to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or their SuccefTors, as well of the said Suni of Six hundred thousand Pounds in Debentures mentioned in the said recited Aft of the Twenty-firft and Twenty-fecond Years of His present Majesty, as also of tne said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds in Money, mentioned in the said recited Aft of the Thirty-feventh Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, as aUo of the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds in this present Aft mentioned, and also of all Arrears of the several Annuities of Thirty thousand Pounds and Twenty-five thousand Pounds, mentioned in the said recited Aft of the Thirty-feventh Year, and of the said Annuity afler the Rate of Three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence for each One hundred Pounds, for Nineteen Years, if any such Arrears shall then be due, and of the Annuity of Sixty-two thousand five hundred Pounds, in this present Aft mentioned ; or at any Time previous to the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, upon like Re-payment, by and with the Defire and Confent of the said Governor and Company, to be signified by them, by their Petition in Writing, sealed with their Cortftnon Seal, and ad-drafted to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being; then, and in such Cafe, the said several Annuities shall, from and after the Expiration of Twelve Months after such Notice published, cease and determine, and the said Corporation shall be diftolved.

XI* Provided also, and be it enacted, That if the Whole of the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds shall not be paid into the Exchequer of Ireland before the Fourth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, or if the Whole of

the

A.D.i8o8.

9*J

48° GEO. III.	C.103.

tbe said Subfcription of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds shall not be subscribed and paid into the said Bank, in Manner herem-before mentioned, on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, then, and in any inch Cafe, the {aid Governor and Company of the said Bank of Ireland, or the Proprietors of the said Stock thereof, shall not receive any Benefit by this Aft, and the said Corporation shall be subject to be dissolved at the Time mentioned in the said recited Aft of the Thirty-firft Year aforesaid, in the Manner and on the Terms mentioned in the said recited Afts of the Thirty-firft and Thirty-feventh Years aforesaid, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and in fucn Cafe every Perfoh who shall have subscribed and paid any Sum to* wards the said Sifm of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, under the Provifions of this Aft, shall be entitled to and shall receive from the (aid Governor and Company such Sums as shall have been subscribed for and paid by them respectively, with such Intereft or Dividend for the Proportion of the fame, which is intended to be a Part of the Capital Stock, froin the Time the fame shall have been paid, as any Proprietor of any Part of the said Capital Stock of One million five hundred thousand Pourtds shall be then entitled to in refpeffc thereof, and with an Intereft after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum for* such remaining Part thereof, as shall have been fubicribed towards completing the jExcefs of the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds above the Sum of One Million Capital Stock.

XII.	Provided also, and be it enaffeed, That if at any Time before the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Com-

, miffioners for executing the faia Office for the Time being, shall be desirous and intend to redeem the said Annuity of Sixty-two thousand five hundred Pounds on Re-payment of the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thouland Pounds lri/b Currency in Money, and of such his or their Delire and Intention shall give Six Months Notice to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ire-land, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or Com-miifioners of the Treasury to repay the said Sum of One million two ^hundred and fifty thousand Pounds to the said Governor and Company 5 and upon such Re-payment, together with all Arrears of the (aid Annuity of Sixty-two thousand five hundred Pounds, the said Annuity shall cease and determine j any Thing in this A61 to the . contrary notwithstanding.

XIII.	Provided also, and be it enacted, That in cafe the said Annuity of Sixty-two thousand five hundred Pounds shall be redeemed by Re-payment of the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, upon such Notice as aforesaid, the said Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds shall forthwith, on Receipt thereof by the Dire&ors for the Time being, be invested by them in Government Securities, for the Ufe of the said Governor and Company of the Bank, and shall remain fb invested during the Contiuuahce of the said Corporation under thja Ad; and the Interect, Dividends, and Produce of such Government Securities so to bepurchafed with the said One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, shall be received by the said Governor aijd Company, and for their Ufe, in like Manner ar the said Annuity ol

Y 2	Sixty-two

Bank Corporation miy be dissolved, asunder 31 G. 3. St 37 G. 3,

Treafury may repay the Loan to the Bank at any Time on Six Months Notice,

On such Repayment, dm (aid Sum shall be vetted in Government 9ecuntiet, for the Ufe of dm Bank.

3*4

Btnkflull luanage the uul>l<i:k Debt of Ireland, and pay Dividends without Expence to Government.

Prefent Powers of the Trinity House of Deptford Stroud.

ISefent Ppweia of the Trinity House of Dov«r.

C. xoj, 104.	48°	GEO.	III.	AJD.i8o8.

Sixty-two thousand five hundred Pounds to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever-

XIV.	‘ And whereas the laid Governor and Company of the Bank ‘.of Ireland are willing and have agreed to continue the Management ‘ in Ireland of the publick Debt of Ireland, and of all Loans which ‘ shall at any Time be made for the Service of Ireland, free.of all ‘ Charge and Expence whatever for such Management, or for their ‘ Trouble, in the Payment of the Intereft of the National Debt of ‘ Irelandt from Time to Time during, the Continuance of the laid ‘ Corporation, under the Provifions of the said recited Ads and ‘ this Ad be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Ad, the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland ihall, from Time to Time, and at all Times during the Continuance of their Charter, and until the said Corporation shall be diffolved

furfuant to the Provifions of this Ad, pay and continue to pay all nterect, Annuities, and Dividends payable at the said Bank, in re* sped of the National Debt of Ireland, or in respect of any Fund or Stock created or to be created in conference of any publick Loan for the Service of Ireland, without making any Charge to His Ma-jefty, His Heirs or Succelfors, or to the Lord High Treasurer or Commifiioner8 of the Treasury of Ireland, for their Trouble or Expence in so doing; any Law, Usage, or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftandiog.

CAP. CIV.

An Ad for the better Regulation of Pilots, and of the Pilot* age of Ships and Veflels navigating the British Seas.

[25th June 1808.]

WHEREAS Ships and Veflels have frequently been wreeked, and many Lives and much Property have been loft, from the ‘ Ignorance and Mifcondud of Perfons taking Charge of such Ships •or Veflels as Pilots: And whereas the. Corporation of Trinity ‘ House of Deptford Strond have, as well by Ufage for more than ‘ Three Centuries as by Grants from the Crown, and under the Au-* thority of an Ad passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late • Majesty King George the Second, been empowered to appoint • Pilots, Loadfmen, or Guides, to conduct Ships or Veflels into and ‘ out of and upon the River of Thames through the North Channel to • or by Orfordnefs and round the Long Sand Head through the

§ueen*s Channel or other Channels into the Downs9 and from and by rfordnefs, and up the North Channel, and up the Rivers Thames • ana Medway 9 and the several Creeks and Channels belonging or run-• ning into the fame, and to make such Orders and Conftitutions as * should be needful for the wholesome Government of Seafaring ‘ Men and Maintenance and Increafe of Navigation, and of all Sea-« faring Men within the said River of Thames ; in pursuance of which • Powers the said Corporation have from Time to Time appointed a • sufficient Number pr Pilots for the Purpofes before mentioned: • And whereas there hath been Time out of Mind, and now is, a « Society or Fellow ship of Pilots of the Trinity House of Dover9 • Deal9 and the Ijlc of Thanet9 who have had the Pilotage and Load* # manage of all Ships from the said Places up the Rivers Thames and

* JHedway j

A JX j 808

3*5

48° GEO. IIL	C.104.

*	Medway ; which said Society or Feilowfhip have been confirmed by

*	various Ads of Parliament for regulating the Pilots of the Society 4 or Fe'llowfiiip of Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the IJlt of Thane!f 4 commonly called Cinque Port Pilots, notwithstanding which many

*	Perfons not having Licence or Authority, or competent Know-

*	ledge or Experience, have taken upon themselves to ad as Pilots 4 for conducing Ships or Vefiels to and from and upon the said 4 Rivers, to the great Hazard of such Ships or Vefiels and their Caf-4 goes, and the Lives of their Crews : And whereas the Provifions of

*	the said Ads have been found inadequate to the Regulation of

*	Pilotage and the Prevention of such Mifchiefs, and it is therefore ‘ necefiary that further and more efiedual Regulations should be made

*	for that Porpose, and that all the Provifions and Regulations relat-4 ing to the several Defcriptions of Pilots aforesaid should be re-4 pealed: And whereas Ads of Parliament have been passed for efta-

*	blifiiing separate and peculiar Jurifdidions in relation to Pilotage in • « certain Ports and on different Parts of the Coaft of England, which

*	by reason of the fame being limited have been found infnfficient to 4 answer the good Purpofes intended thereby, and it is therefore 4 necefiary that more effectual Regulations should be made in relation

*	to Pilotage on the Coafts of England: And whereas it is necefiary

*	for duly enforcing the Laws respecting Quarantine, on which the 4 Health of His Majesty's Subjeds euentially depends, that the 4 Names and Places of Refidence of all Pilots in England should be

*	known by those whose Duty it is to convey Information refpeding

*	thofe Laws from Time to Time to them: May it therefore pleale 4 Your Majesty that it may be enadedand be it enacted by the King’s moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisprefeht Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, Tnat all

and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, ^sumrtSllois Matters, and Things relating as well to Pilots appointed by the said repet>i2i. Corporation of Trinity Houle of Deptford Strond as to Pilots of the [See Statute* Fellowihip of Dover, Deal, and the Jjle ofThanet, and to the Pilot- a O.1. c. 1a. age by and Regulation of all such Pilots as aforesaid, arid also as to * lm CaS1* tne Condud of all Perfons in Matters of Pilotage, within the Jurif- 43*3* did ion of the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford 47 G. a! yi. a. * Strond and the Liberty of the Cinque Ports, which are contained in c. any Ad or Ads of Parliament heretofore made, shall be and the fame are hereby repealed, except only so far as such Ads relate to any Rates of Pilotage due or to become due before the Commencement of the respective new Rates to be eftabii(lied under the Provifions of this Ad, or to any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred or to be incurred, or any other Ad, Matter, or Thine done or to be done before the Eftablilhment of the new Rules and Regulations which are to be . made under the Provifions of this Ad, or before the Commencement of the Operations of any of the Provifions of this Ad in relation to any such Matters as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day From Oft 1,' of OQober One thousand eight hundred and eight, it shall be lawfhl 1B0*»

. for the Matter, Wardens, and Afiiftants of the Guild, Fraternity,	-

or Brotherhood of the Moft Glorious and Undivided Trinity and of	(hall

St. Clement in the Parifii of Deptford Strond in the County of Kent, licence fit Perfons (commonly galled The Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford as Pilots to *	Y 3	Strond,)	woduAtii

A.D. i8o8,

3 26

Vdfeb within certain Limits, and none othera IWlmft, except si herein oicepted.

Pilots heretofore duly appointed, nay continue toift,

Pates in Schedule (AO may be demanded by Pilots.

Pilot* JM

pay annually Three Guinea* to the Corporation of Trinity House of i)tpt-ford on Penalty elSiripcn&itt

O* 104*	u^8° GEO. IIL

Strand,) and they are hereby required to appoint and Kcenle under their Common Seal, fit and competent Perfons, duly (kilied, as Pilots, for the Purpofe of conducing all Ships and VefTels failing, navigating, and passing up and down or upon the Rivers of Thames and Medway, and all and every the several Channels, Creeks, and Docks thereof or therein, or leading or adjoining thereto, as well between Orfordnefs and London Bridge, as from London Bridge to the Downs, and from the Downs well ward as far as the IJlc of Wight, and in the Englijh Channel from the JJle of IVight up to London Bridge, which VefTels shall be conduced and piloted by such Pilots so appointed and licensed, and by no other Pilots or Perfons whomsoever, except Pilots appointed by the Society or Fellowfhip of the Trinity House of Dover, Deal, and the IJlc of Thanet, (commonly called Cinque Port Pilots,) so far as such rilots are hereby authorised to pilot Ships and. VefTels from the West ward up to London Bridge, and from don Bridge downwards to the West ward; that is to fay, from any Port or Place between the Isle of IVight and the laid Bridge, according to the Provifions in that Behalf herein-aftor contained, and also save and except, as well all Colliers as also all Ships and VefTels trading to Norway and to the Cattegat and Baltic, and likewise round the North Cape and into the White Sea, and save and except all constant Trades inwards from the Ports between Boulogne inclusive, and the Baltic, such Ships and VefTels having Brttijb Kegifters, and coming up or going down the North Channel by Orfordnefs, but not other-wife ; and hk^wife save and except all Coafting VefTels, and all Irijb Traders using the Navigation of the River of Thames as Coafters: Provided always, that it shall be lawful, after the passing of this Ad, for any Pilot or Pilots heretofore appointed by the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strand, or by the Society or Fellowfhip of the Trinity House of Dover, Deal, and the JJle cf Thanet, to pilot or conduct any Ship or Veflel within such Limits as such Pilot or Pilots might lawfully have conduced and piloted the fame before the gaffing of this Ad, under and by virtue of the Licences or Authorities granted to such Pilots respectively as aforesaid, which respective Licences shall continue in force notwithstanding this Ad, so that such Pilots respectively do in all Things conform themselves to the Provifions of this Ad, and the Rules and Regulations to be established under the fame.

III.	And be it further enacted. That from and after the First Day of Q&ober One thousand eight hundred and eight, the respective Rates or Prices hereinafter enumerated in the Table marked (A.) in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, may be lawfully demanded and re?

• ceived by any Pilot licensed by the said Corporation of Trinity Houfp of Deptford Strand, for the piloting or conducting of any Ship or Veflel from Place to Place, as ex pressed in the find Table; and fhat no greater Rates or Prices, or other Reward or Emolument, shall, under any Pretence whatfoeyer, be demanded, fohated, or re? ceived, than such Rates or Prices.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That each and every Pilot already appointed or to he appointed by the said Corporation of Trinity House of t)eptford Strand, under the Authority of'this Ad (except only such Pilots as shall be appointed by the And Corporation, upon their receiving Certificates of Examination by any Sub-Commiffioners pf Pilotage, as hereby direded) shall from fune to Time and at

A.D. i8o8<

48° GEO. IIIt	C. 104.

all Times hereafter pay or cause to be paid to the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strand, or to such Perfon or Perfonsas they shall appoint to receive the fame on their Behalf, t)ie Sum of Three Guineas, in the Month of January yearly, which Payment shall be accepted by the said Corporation in lieu and Satisfaction of and for all the ancient and accustomed Duties payable by such Pilots to the said Corporation, under the Provifiona of an A£k palled in the Fifth Year of the Reign of George the Second, or any other Statute or Charter whatever, and shall be applied for the Ufc and Benefit of the Poor of the said Corporation (after first defraying thereout the Expencee incurred by the said Corporation) from Time to Time in carrying this A& into Execution; and in cafe such annual Payment shall not be duly made by the said Pilots refpe£lively, it shall be lawful for the said Corporation to suspend the Perfons so making Default from acting as Pilots, until due Payment shall be made of such annual Sums.

V.	And be it further enacted. That no Perfon shall be licensed by .the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, as a Pilot for the Rivers of Thames or Medway, or the Channels leading thereto or therefrom, under the Provifions of this Adit, who shall not have served as Mate for Three Years on board a fquare-rigged Veflel, or shall uot have been in the actual Command of a fquare-rigged Veflel for One Year, or who shall not have been employed in the Pilot Service of the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond tat Seven Years, or who shall not have served an Apprenticefhip of Five Years to some Pilot Veflel licensed under this Act.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That no Perfon shall be licensed or be allowed to take charge as a Pilot of any Ship or Veflel drawing more than Fourteen Feet Water in the Rivers of Thames or Medway, or any of the Channels thereof, until such Perfon shall have been licensed, and shall have a£ted as a Pilot for Three Years under lawful Authority, on pain of forfeiting Ten Pounds for every such Offence, as well by the Perfon acting as such Pilot, as also by the Mafter or Commander, or other Perfon having charge of such Ship or Veflel, who shall permit any such Perfon to take charge as a Pilot of the lame, contrary to the Provifion aforesaid.

VII.	And be it further enacted. That no Perfon shall, from and after the Firfl Day of OQober One thousand eight hundred and eight, take charge of any Ship or Veflel as a Pilot belonging to the Society or Fellowfhip of Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, commonly called Cinque Port Pilots, before he Audi be examined by the Mafter and Two Wardens, or by Four Wardens of the fafd Society or Fellowfhip for the Time being, touching his Abilities, and fhali be approved and admitted into the Society or Fellowfhip of the Trinity House of Dover, Deal, and the Jfle of Thanet, fit a Court pf Loadmanage, holden by the Lord Warden of the Cinque ports, for the Time being, or his Deputy, and the Commilfionert for Loadmanage for the Time being; and if any Perfon shall pvefume tq a& as a Pilot belonging to the said Society or Fellowship, without having been so examined, approved, and admitted as aforestud, every (uch Perfon shall for the First Offence forfeit Ten Pounds, for the Second Twenty Pounds, and for every other Offence Forty Pounds,

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Mafter and such W91-or Fellowfhip of Pilots of the

Y*

Trinity Hopfe

&ns of {he fiud Society

327

No Perfon JhJtt be licensed m s Pilot unteli qualified as herein fpecifiWL

TUI a Pilot has afied Three Yean he shall not pilot a Ship drawing more than fourteen Feet Water. Penalty 10I.00 Pilot and Captain.

No Cinque Port Pilot shall take Charge oP any Ship till he has been admitted.

Penalty 10L ad. and 40h

Oath of Mailer and Wardens of Ttiuitj Houle

A.D.i8o8.

328	C.	104.	48°	GEO.	HI-

Vmer, cxa-

jnining Pilots. Schedule (C.)

Kates in Schedule (B.) may be demanded by such beenfed Pilots.

A fuflicient Number of Cinque Port pilots Iball con-ftantly ply to take Charge of Ships corning from the Weft-ward } and on making Signals ot Fleets from the West ward, all Pilots shall prepare to go off..

penalties 201. &c.

Mafters of Ships from the Weft-ward not having a Cinque Port Pilot, shall display a Signal For one, and facilitate his

getiiug on hoard.

of Dover, Deal, and the JJle ofThanet% as shall be appointed from Time to Time, to examine into the Skill and Ability of any Perfon on his being first admitted as a Pilot into the said Society or Fellow.-ship, shall take the Oath marked (C.) in the Schedule hereunto annexed, to be administered to him by the Regifter of the Court of Loadmanage, who is hereby authorized to administer such Oath.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and pfter the First Day of OQober One thousand eight hundred and eight, the respective Rates or Prices herein-after enumerated iu the Table marked (B.) in the Schedule to this A£k annexed, may be lawfully demanded and received by any Pilot licenfcd by the Society or Fellowfhip of Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the JJle ofThanet, for the conducing of any Ship or Veffel flora Place to Place, as expressed in .the said Table; and that no greater Rates or Prices, or other Reward or Emolument shall, under any Pretence whatever, be received than such Rates or Prices.

VX. And be it further enacted, That a proper and sufficient Number of Pilots of the Cinque Ports, not less than Eighteen at any one Time, and in Succettion from Time to Time, without Inter* million or any unnecefTary Delay, shall, at all seasonable Times by Day and Night, constantly ply at Sea, or be afloat between the South Foreland and Dungenefs, to take charge of Ships and Veffels coming from the We Award, and proper Signals shall be established, to be made at and from Signal Houfes now erected, or which may be erected on commanding Situations near to Dover, to give Notice of Fleets' of Veffels coming from the West ward; and upon the making of any Signals, giving Notice of the Approach of any Fleet from the Weftward, all Cinque Port Pilots not on Duty at the Time, shall, according to such Rules and Regulations as to Number, Rotation, or otherwise as shall be made in that Behalf, forthwith prepare to go afloat, and shall go off in sufficient Time to fall in with such Ships and Veffels, on pain of forfeiting, in cafe of Negledt herein, for the First Offence the Sum of Tvventy Pounds, and for the Second the Offender shall be suspended from acting as a Pilot for Twelve Months* and for the Third Offence shall forfeit his Licence to a& as such Pilot, and shall be rendered thereby incapable of acting thereafter as ii Pilot.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Matter or other Perfon having the Command of any Ship or Veffel coming from the Weft-ward, and bopnd to any Place in the Rivers of Thames or Medway, not having a duly qualified Cinque Port Pilot on board, shall, on the Arrival of such Ship or Veffel off Dungenefs, and until she shall have patted the Buoy of the Brake, or a Line to be drawn from San-down Cattle to the said Buoy, (unlefs in the mean Time (he shall have received a proper Cinque Port Pilot on board) display and keep flying the usual Signal for a Pilot to come on board; and if any duly qualified Cinoue Port Pilot shall be within hail, or approaching and within Haifa Mile, with the proper distinguishing Flag or Vane flying in his Veffel or Boat, the Matter or other Perfon having the Command of such Ship or Veffel shall, by heaving to in proper Time or by all practicable Means, confidently with the Safety of the Ship or Veffel, facilitate such Pilot getting on board, and fhalljgive the Charge of piloting of his Ship or Veffel to such Cinque Port Pilot; and every Perfon commanding any such Ship or VefTel, who shall decline to

takq

•A.D. 1808.

48® GEO. IIT.

C.104.

\

take any such Cinque Port Pilot on board, or to give such Charge of his Ship or Veffel to such Pilot, or who shall not heave to, or other* wife facilitate such Pilot coming on board as aforesaid, shall be fub-jeft to the Penalties by this Aft imposed for neglecting or declining to take on board a Pilot, and for navigating his Veflel without a Pilot, contrary to the Provifions of this Aft: Provided always, that if any Ship or Veffel bound to the Rivers Thames or Medway, shall anchor any where in the Downs between the South Foreland and a Line drawn from Sandown Cattle and the South Buoy of the Brake9 having anylicenfed Pilot other than a Cinque Port Pilot on board, it shall be lawful for a Cinque Port Pilot to repair on board the fame, at any Time before such Ship or Veffel shall have been at an Anchor One Hour, with the Signal for a Pilot flying, and to take Charge of her up the said Rivers, but not otherwise.

XII.	* And whereas, great Convenience to Trade will arise by

*	putting an End to the present prevailing Ufage of Cinque Port

*	Pilots quitting Ships or Veffels at Gravesend, or elsewhere in the

*	Thames or Medway, at their Difcretionbe it therefore enaftcd. That from and after the Expiration of Twelve Months next after the pafling of this Aft, if any Cinque Port Pilot, taking Charge of any Ship or Veffel into the Thames or Medway, shall quit such Ship or Vcfiei at Gravefendy or in any other Part of the Thames, or in any Part Of the Medwayy before such Ship or Veffel shall have arrived at the Place to which such Ship or Veffel is bound in the said Rivers Thames or Medway respectively, without the Confent of the Captain or other Perfon having the Command thereof, unless some other duly qualified Pilot shall, with such Consent, come on board, and (hau take the Charge and Conduft of such Ship or Veffel for the Reiidue of the Pilotage to be performed, every such Pilot shall forfeit for every such Offence all Pay or Reward to which he might be entitled for having conducted or piloted such Ship or Veffel into the Rivers , Thames or Medway, and shall also be subject to such other Penalty or Punifhment as by virtue of any of the Provifions of this Aft, or of the Rules and Regulation^ to be eftabli(hed in pursuance hereof, any Pilot shall be liable to for quitting a Ship or Veffel before (he shall arrive at her Place of Deftinationi

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports for the Time being, or his Deputy, with the Affent of the Commiflioners of Loadmanage, and of the Matters and Wardens of the Society or Fellowlhip of Pilots of Dover, Dealy and the Me of Thanet, or the major Part of them, at an Affembly commonly called A Court of Loadmanage, to be held by the said Lord Warden or his Deputy, ’(hall, within Four Calendar Months after the pafling of this Aft, proceed to make and shall make sufficient Rules ana Orders for enforcing the due Obfervance of the Provifions of this Aft by all Cinque Port Pilots, and for providing for the good Government and Regulation of all such Pilots, as well relating to the Services of the said Pilots in going off to and taking Charge of and con-dufting and navigating His Majefty’s Ships and Veffels, and the Ships and Veffels in His Majefty’s Employ, and also all Ships and Veffels whatever and wheresoever, within the proper and usual Limits of such Pilots, or wherein they shall for the Time being aft or be, and for effectually securing the Performance of all the Duties and Services of such Pilots at all Times & which Rules and Regulations when so made

6	(hall

Cinque Pmt Pilau may repair 00 bond Ship* at anchor within certain Distances, not having such Pilot on board.

Penakieaon Cinque Port Pilot* quitting Ships before Arrival at Place of Deftinatioa in Thames or Medway, widwut Confent of (he Matter.

Ata Court of Loadmanage, -Rules shall bg made for enforcing the Obfervance of this A&, &c. by Cinque Poet Pilots.

A«D* 1S0S.

G.io4k

48* GEO. IIL

Rules {hall be transmitted to the Cufiom House, London, *tc.

If such Rule* {hall not be duly made and transmitted, or {ball be de-fe6U»a, the Privy Council {hall order proper Rules to be drawn up, ind dULibuted.

The Number of Cinque Port Pdots (ball be jnenefed.

fncmfal Number of Pilots shall be kept up; but after a JJcijni-

fliall be forthwith printed and transmitted to t&e Cnftom House in JLondcttf that the fame may be seen by all Perfoi\s intereded therein ; and Copies thereof shall be delivered to every Member of the laid Society, and also to every new Member of the said Society on hi* Ele&ion ; and a Copy or Extract thereof shall be annexed to or in-dorfed upon the Licence or Warrant of every Pilot belonging to the Cinque Ports, as well those already admitted and licensed as afi others hereafter to be licensed as such Pilots; and it shall be lawful in such Rules and Regulations to eftablilh Penalties and Forfeitures for the enforcing such Rules and Regulations and better ordering of the said Pilots, and for suspending or depriving any of the faia Pilots for breaking such Rules or Orders, or omitting to do any Thing required by the fame to be done, or for acting in any wife contrary to such Rules or Orders.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, Tliat if such Rules and Regulations in relation to Cinque Port Pilots shall not be made and transmitted as aforesaid, within Four Calendar Months after the palling of this A&, or if such Rules and Regulations, when made and transmitted, shall appear to be in any material Point erroneous, insufficient, or defective, it shall be lawful for any Owner of Ships, or other Perfons intereded In the Matter of fuen Rules or Regulations, to apply to His Majefty’s Moll Honourable Privy Couneil, who shall thereupon cause proper and sufficient Rules and Regulations to be drawn up for the Purpofcs aforesaid, in cafe no such Rules and Regulations shall have been made and transmitted as aforesaid, or shall amend, correct, or enlarge any such Rules and Regulations as shall have been made and transmitted; which Rules and Regulations so made or so amended, corrected and enlarged, shall be diftri-buted, published, and made use of in luch Manner as His Majedy's said Privy Council shall in that Behalf appoint and direct, and the fame shall take EfFed from such Time as in the said Rules or Regulations shall be exprefTed in regard to the Commencement thereof.

XV.	* And whereas under the Provifions of an A& pafied in the

*	Third Year of His late Majesty King George the First, The Num-< ber of Pilots of the Cfnque Ports was to be One hundred and twenty

*	at the least, and it has been found by Experience, that the said Num-

*	ber is inadequate to the increased Trade and Navigation of this

*	Kingdombe it therefore enabled, That within Four Months after the passing of this AH, the Number of Cinque Port Pilots shall be increased to One hundred and forty at the lead; to which Number of One hundred and forty. Twenty more shall be added, whenever such further Addition shall be directed to be made by an Order of His Majedy’s Privy Couneil, upon Application made to His Majesty in Council for that Purpofe by the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strand \ and that a further Addition of Twenty Cinque Port Pilots shall be made to the Number above-mentioned, increasing the whole Number to One hundred and eighty, by the like Authority, whenever such lad-mentioned Addition shall be applied for by the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strand to His Majesty in Council.

XVI.	And be it further enacted. That whenever the increased Numbers of the said Pilots shall refpettively take place as herein-before provided, the plumbers so increased shall from thenceforth be kept up from Time to Timf by {he i^ppoinpo^nt pf Pilots in Succ^ffion,

’	.	a

AJD* 1808.

48° GEO. HI.

C»104*

as often si any Vacancy or Vacancies shall happen by Death, Incapacity, orDifraifikm; provided that after the Cooclufion of a Definitive Treaty of Peace with France, no Vacancy fhali be filled up ai afore-laid, without a special Permifiion in that Behalf given by Hit Ma-jefty*8 Privy Couneil, upon the Recommendation of the said Corporation of Trinity Houfc, unless the Number of Pilots shall at any Time by Death or otherwise be reduced below One hundred and forty, in which Cafe the Vacancies shall be filled up from thenceforth from Time to Time, so as not to exceed One hundred and forty i>i the Whole.

XVII. * And whereas certain^ Harbours near the Dawns have be-

*	come much frequented as Places of Safety, and Ships and Vefiels

*	lying in or failing through the Downs are oftentimes compelled to 4 run for those Harbours, and it is therefore necessary to make Pro-

*	vifion for the Pilotage of such Harboursbe it therefore enacted, That all Pilots, whole Licences or Warrants shall authorize them to pilot Ships or Vefiels from any Place to the Weftward up to London Bridge, shall qualify themselyes, and shall be examined as to their Qualification and Ability to conduct any Ship or Veflel into and out of Ramfgate Harbour, and the Harbours ot Dover, Sandwich, and Margate, and shall be obliged to pilot any Ships or Vefiels into and out of the said Haihours} and if any such Pilot shall refuse to take charge of or conduct any Ship or Veflel into or out of any of the laid Harbours, such Pilot mall forfeit all Pay and Reward to which be might otherwise be entitled for the Pilotage of any such Ship or Veflel, and shall be subject to such Fine or other Puni(hment as shall be established in that Behalf by the Rules and Regulations of the Corporation or Society to which luch Pilot shall belong.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every licensed Pilot who shall talce charge of and conduit any Ship or Vet-lei into or out of Ramfgats Harbour, or into or out of Dover, Sandwich, or Margate, (nail be entitled to and shall receive for such Pilotage at and after the Rate of Five Shillings for every Foot of the Draught of Water of the Ship or Veflel so piloted and conducted by him into or out of any such Harbour, if such Ship or Veflel shall have been so piloted and conducted into or out of the fame in moderate Weather; but if under any Circumftances of Distress, then such Pilot shall be entitled to such further Sum of Money, to be calculated according to the Extent and Circumftances of such Distress, as the Commissioners of Salvage eftabliftied under the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports shall upon Application either of the Pilot, or Owner, or Matter of any such Ship or Veflel, upon enquiring into all such Circumftances direft; and such Commissioners shall and they are hereby required upon any such Application made, to enquire into all fuen Circumstances, and to determine the Amount of the Sum so to be paid for the Pilotage of any such Ship or Veflel into the said Harbours refpe&ivfly, without any Fee or Reward for so doing.

XIX.	Provided always. That on the Arrival of any Ship or Vef-fel, and as soon as (hie shall be moored in any of the (aid Harbours, it shall he lawful for the Pilot to demand the Pilotage due to him as afbresaid, and to quit the Ship forthwith.

XX.	And be it further enacted. That it shall he lawful for the laid Corporation of Triuity House of Deptford Strand, and they jut hereby required to appoint, from Time to Time (as often and for

'	*............. '	fuch

tire Treaty ot Peace with France, View cias IhalJ be filled up only by Permiffion at Privy Couneil,

Pitots (hell qualify them-felvestocon'iuft, end shall c tidu& Ships ii> o uid out of Uamigate^. Dover, Sandwich, aud Margate Harbours.

Rates for such Pilotage.

Pilotage payable when Ship is moored.

Trinity Houle of Deptford shall appoint Sub- Couunif-

Rulet b« tmifmitied \o the Cuftom House, London, k.

Cffia-

A.D* i$o&*

w

Ihall/be fpiA**^* _	_

Io«^'	jS* &*** i» *v i T*\	j

P TQ*	fall	think	fit) proper and

?JJ	*	r j„ their ^’‘fpUcei in England as they	may

Sng¥Pi9 */■	***££^9*	of	the	Cinque Ports and

****" or for wh,#ch Provifion fhafl

***&***ntoff *£*?*iFlthcr Pons Mni^or A&* °f Parliament, or by any Charter

fa^been	fitment	of Pilots) not to exceed Five nor

^Charters/or t^P^tegCh Port or Place for which any fuch

Cerri^T^ kb *l?tt ^*fa/I be made, which Perfons fa to be appointed (hall

being

i»*f

Z#*~'

&£T

(hall take the Oath in

Iff

fha

do

tr

1!

<

g^ip* in PorV, p„r be reroowa ty the

Notice of Appointment of Pilots at particular Port {ball be fixed up at the Trinity House, Sec. in a limited Time; after which no other PUpts Ihall a£.

ApP%^*^b~Co*nmifi<>ntr* of Pilotage, and *ZPaIe hereunto annexed marked (D.) for'the faithful Dif-^0f their Duty, and such Perfons to to be appointed shall and

thrftre hereby authorized (fo long as their respective Appointments gall not be revoked or superseded by the Appointment of other Per-font in their Places) to examine into the Qualification of Perfons to a& *s ^ot.* ™r/uch respective Ports and Places and the adjoining Coaxs fpecined in their respective Appointments as aforesaid; and ,*i fan be lawful for the said Corporation, upon their receiving a fa-tisfactory Certificate under the Hands of any Three of the Perfons a n° ^	where the whole Number for any Port or Place

|hall confitt of Four or Five, and by any Two where the whole Number shall consist of Three, that the Perfon examined as aforesaid is d y qualified to aft for such Port or Ports and the adjoining Coatts, to give a Licence to such Perfon to aft as a Pilot within the particular Limits (deferibing the fame) for which he shall have pafied iuen Examination, which Licence shal be granted in the first Inftance for One Year, and shall afterwards from Year to Year be subject to Kenewal and Confirmation, or otherwise, at the Difcretion of the (aid Corporation of Trinity House.

Provided always, and be it further enacted, that nothing in u* contained shall be construed to prevent any Ship or Veflel which shall be brought into any Port or Ports in England by any Pilot duly liceneed, from being afterwards removed in such Port or Ports by the Mafter or Mate thereof, or other Perfon having the Command, for the Purpofe of entering into or going out of any Dock, or fat changing the Moorings of such Ship or Veflel.

XXII.	And be it further enacted. That when and as soon as the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond shall have li-cenfed Pilots for any particular Port or Ports, and the respective Coafts near the fame as aforesaid, they shall cause Notice of such Appointment to be publiftied, by fixing up such Notice in Writing at the Trinity House, and at the Cuftom House in London, and also at the respective Cuftom Houfes of the Ports for which and for the Coafts near the fame such Appointment shall be made, and shall also afterwards cause such Notice to be publilhed in the London Gazette, and in one or more Newfpapers circulated in that Part of the Country where the Ports shall respectively be situated, which Publication in the London Gazette shall be good and sufficient Evidence of the Notice having been given; and from and after a Time or Times to be limited in the said Notices, which shall not in any Cafe or in rela-tion to any Ships or Veffels whatever, be less than Six Weeks from the Publication thereof as aforesaid, and shall be proportionably more at the Difcretion of the said Corporation, in relation to Ships and Veffels engaged in Foreign Voyages at the Time of such Publics-tion, all Ships and Veflel* failing, navigating, or paffiog into or out

A«D« 1808.

m

4&> QEO. IN,	C.	104.

of the (aid refpeAive Ports or upon the CoafU thereof# shall be con* dueled and piloted by such Pilots only as shall be so licensed as afore* said, and by no other Pilots whomsoever.

XXIII.	And be it furtherenailed, That if any Perfon suspended or deprived of his Licence as a Pilot, shall, during the Time of such Sufpension, or after such Deprivation, take upon himself to conduit any Ship or VelTel except in Cafes of Diltress, and in Cafes where no licensed Pilots can be found, such Perfon shall be liable to all such Penalties, to be recovered and applied in like Manner and Form as are provided by this Alt, again It any Perfon who shall conduit or pilot any Ship or VelTel without ever having been licensed to alt as a Pilot.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enalted. That every Pilot who shall be suspended or adjudged to have forfeited his Licence, and every Perion, who having complained of any such Pilot; shall be diffatislied with the Adjudication made upon the Matter of such Complaint, by the Corporation, Society, or Perfons .who shall have Cognizance of such Complaint, may appeal to His Majeily’s Privy Couneil, who shall thereupon hear the Appeal, and confirm or annul any former Determination or Adjudication in the Premises, or, at their Difcretion, make any particular and fpeciai Order relating thereto, and to the Matter of such Appeal, as the Cafe may require.

# XXV. Provided always, and be it further cnaAed, That no Owner or Mafter of any Ship or VefTel shall be anfwerahle for any Lofs or Damage, nor shall any Owner or Owners of any Ship or Ve(Tel or Confignee of Goods, t be prevented from recovering any Lofs or Damage, upon any Contrail of Iofuranqe of the lame, or upon any other Contrail relating to any Ship or VelTel, or any Cargo on board the fame, b.y reaion of no Pilot being on board of any such Ship or Veflel, (unlefs it shall be proved that the Want of a Pilot shall have arisen from any Refufal to take a Pilot on board,* or frotrt the Negligence of the Mailer of the Ship or Veffel, in not heaving to for the Purpofe of taking on board any Pilot, who shall be ready, and . offer to take Charge of such Ship or Veflel.)

XX V I. Provided always, and be it further enaAed, That, nothing in this All contained shall extend or. be conitrued to extend to any Ships or Veffels belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs and Suo ccffors.	^

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enaAed, That none of the Clauses, Provifoes, Penalties or Regnlations of this A A, shall extend or be conilrued to extend to any Veflel not exceeding the Burthen of Sixty Tons, having Brittjb Regifters, nor to any Mailer or Owner of any such Veflel in refpeA thereof, or of the navigating of the fame in any Channel, River, Port, or Place, whatever.

XXVIII.	And-be it further enaAed, That nothing in this AA contained shall be conilrued to extend to deprive any Perfons of any Remedy by Civil AAion against Pilots or other Perfons, which they might have had if this AA had not been passed.

XXIX.	And be it further enaAed, That nothing in this AA shall extend, or be conilrued to extend or to give any Authority to the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strorid, within any Ports or DiffriAs having separate JurifdiAion in Matters of Pilotage under any AA of Parliament or Charter, or to alter or repeal any

,	Provifxons

Pilots suspended or drpm.d, liable tj Penalties a* unlicensed Perfons.

Pilots suspended &c. nis;s|)peal-to Privy Council.

Owners, See. not answerable for Lofs, through want of Pilot; unlffs in cafe of

Neglea. . •

Exception of Skips of War.

Veffelsnot exceeding 60 Tons.

Remedy by Civil Adrion referred.

Trinity House Deptford, shall not a& within any Diflri&s having separate Juxifdiction.

A.D.ifioS.

m

Matter, Sec. of tttipt, vefiding at Dover, Sec. may nlot their

Decided Pilots may supersede tutUrenfed. Penalty on Matters continuing tmlicenfed Pilots, Sue. 50l. ID SOl.

Trinity Houffe Deptford shall efiabliih Rate* of Pilotage, which flialT be hung up at the refpeduve CifttMn I^dufei.

Majority pf Pilots or Owners may appeal asainil Rates to Privy Council.

C104.	48°	GEO.	III.

Provifions contained in any AA or A As of Parliament relating to the Pilots of any Ports or DiftriAs, in relation to which Provifiona shall have been made in any AA or AAa of Parliament as to Pilots or Pilotage, or the Pilotage within the Limits prescribed by any Ad or A As of Parliament relating to Pilotage, for such Ports, other than and except as herein particularly provided.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it further enaAed, That nothing in this AA contained shall extend to prevent or hinder the Matter or Mate of any Ship or Veflel, or Owner or Part Owner, residing at Dover, Deal, or tne IJU ofThanet from conduAing or piloting his own Ship or Veflel up or down the Rivers Thames or Medway* or into or out of any Port or Place within the JtmfdiAion of the Cinque Ports.

XXXI.	Provided also, and be it further enaAed, That it shall be lawful for any licensed Pilot to supersede any Perfon not licensed as a Pilot, in the Charge of any Ship or Veflel within the Limits of his Licence ; and every Matter of any Ship or Veflel who shall continue any unlicensed Perfon, oran^ licensed Perfon aAing out of the Limits for which he is qualified as a Pilot, after any Pilot licensed to aA within the Limits in which such Ship or Veflel (hail then a&ualiy be, shall have offered to take Charge of the Ship or Veflel, and every Perfon assuming or continuing in the Charge or CondnA of any Ship or Veflel without being duly licensed to a A within the Limits in which such Ship or Veffel shall aouatty be, after any Pilot duly licensed and qualified to aAin the Premifet mall have offered to take charge of such Ship or Veffel, ihall refpeAively forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds norlefs than Twenty Pounds.

XXXII.	And dc it further enaAed, That it /hall be lawful for the Corporation of Trinity Houfc of Deptford Strand* and they are hereby authorized and required to establish, vary and alter, from Time to Time, as Circumftances shall render the Tame necessary, regular Rates *of Pilotage, in relation to all Pilotage performed in any River, Port, or Place, or upon any Coaft whatever, by any Pilot or Pilots w ho shall be licensed by the said Corporation, upon their receiving Certificates of Examination from any Sub-Commiflioners of Pilotage hereby direAed to be appointed % which Rate ihall be regulated by and proportioned as well to the Site and Draught of Water of the Vefiels as to the Pittance piloted, the Detention and Refponfibility of the Pilot, and foch other Circumftances as the laid Corporation may think fit to take into Confederation in fixing and establishing foch Rates, of which Eftablifhment or Alterations of Rates of Pilotage Notice (haft begiven by hanging up printed Tables thereof, correAed from Time to Time as Variations therein Ihall be made, at the several Cuftom Houfes at the Ports to which the said Rates shall apply.'

XXXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaAed, That if the . major Part in Number of the Pilots who shall be licensed by the laid

Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strand for any particular Port or Place in consequence of their receiving Certificates of Examination ttsafbresaid, shall be dissatisfied with tne Rates so established or altered, or in cafe any Owners of Ships or Veflels interested in any foch Rates shall he dissatisfied with such refpeAive Rates, it shall be lawful for such Parties refpeAively to appeal to the Lords of His Ma-jefly'a Mott Honourable Privy Couneil; and it shall be lawful for any Committee of foch Privy Couneil, calling to their Afli(lance any such Perfons as they may think fit, to hear and determine the Matter of

5	tick

A.D.i8o8

C. X04#

fttch Appeal or Appeals, and to fettle, alter and regulate such Rates at to them shall appear to be expedient, in cafe the Matter of such Appeal shall, in the Difcretion of the said Committee of Privy Couneil, appear to require the making any Orders therein.

XXXIV.	Ana be it further enacted, That all Perfons licensed to a ft as Pilots or in Pilot Veflels by the said Corporation of Trinity House by virtue of this Ad, shall from Time to Time, and all Times hereaster, be subject to the Regulation and Government of the Mailer, Wardens, and Affi(lants,of the hud Corporation, who are hereby authorized and empowered, as well for ensuring the good Condud and constant Attendance of such Pilots upon their Duty, as for enforcing the general Purpofes of this Ad, from Time to Time to make and frame all such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Ordinances as they shall think fit, therein specifying and directing also what annual or other Sums shall be paid by any such Pilots to the Sub-commiflioners of Pilotage for the Examination of such Pilots, and. for granting and renewing or confirming their Licences from Time to Time; and it shall be lawful for the said Mailer, Wardens, and Affift-ants of the said Corporation respectively, to annex such reasonable Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach of such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Ordinances when made, as to them shall seem expedient in that Behalf, and from Time to Time to annul, alter, and amend, alT or any of the exiiling Bye Laws, and to make such other and new Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Ordinances as they shall think proper, so as such Bye Laws, Rules, Regulations, and Ordinances be made conformable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, and shall not be repugnant to the Laws of this Realm : Provided always, that no Bye Laws shall have Force or EfFed before they shall have been examined, fandioned, and approved by the Chief Juftice of His Ma-jefty's Court of King's Bench, or by the Chief Juilice of His Ma-jefty's Court of Common Pleas, the San&ion ami Approbation of either of which Chief Judices shall be verified under his Hand and Seal; and all and'every such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Ordinances when so made and confirmed as aforesaid, shall be observed and kept, and put in Execution, and have the fame Force and EfFed and Operation, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were re-fpedively enacted by this Ad.

XXXV.	4 And, in order that all such Bye Laws, Rules, and Re-4 gulations, may be previously examined by the Parties mterefted * therein be it enacted, That Copies of all such proposed Bye Laws, Rules, and Regulations, shall be transmitted to His Majefty’s Privy Council and to the Commiflioners of Culloms in London, Three Calendar Months before the fame shall be submitted to such Chief Juftice as aforesaid, and the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms are hereby required, upon the Receipt of such Copies, to cause the fame to be printed and hung up, as soon as the fame can be done, in the several Cuftom Hoitfes of the principal Ports in Great Britain, to be open to the In-fpedion of all Perfons interested therein at all seasonable Times.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That all Copies of such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Ordinances, as shall be so made and confirmed as aforesaid, shall be printed and shall be hung up in some publick or conspicuous Place in the several Cuftom Houles of the Ports in England, within the Limits for which the Pilots respectively shall be licensed, and also at the Trinity Houle iq London.

XXXVII.	And

48* GEO. IIL

335

Trinity Houfa may make Bye Laws, and annex Penalties to Bleach of them.

Bye Lavs (halt he sanctioned by Chief Juftice of King'* Bench or Common Pleas.

Copies of all proposed Bte. Laws shall be previously tranfmiitedto the Privy Couneil, &c.

Copies of By* Laws confirmed {hall l»e hung up in Cuftom Ilouses, dee.

A.D.i8o8.

Bood cf Perfon* applying lor Licences, to obey Bye Lam.

Mtflm of Vcffdn per-Lrming Qua* tontine shall i»y fijU Chftiges ot Pilotage, &r.

Penalty* Pilots quitting Slyps pcrformifig Quarantine.

Defcription of tl c I ilot'sPrrfon fl ail lie indorfe'd on lus Licence, &c.

Pilot leeping Public! Hcuse, &c. (unlefs authorized) or oftuxiing agaiiift.

£.104.	48* QEO. IH.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That avery Perfon who shall apply for a Licence to ad as a Pilot by virtue of this Ad, shall, before any Licence shall be granted to him, execute a Bond in a penal Sum at the Discretion of the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford \Strond, or the Society or Fellow ship of Pilots of Dover, Dealt and the Isle of Thanet, in an Amount not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to be paid to the said Corporation or Society, their SuccefTors and Afligns, with a Condition Subjoined thereto for better Securing the due Obedience of Such Pilot to'the Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Ordinances which shall be made and framed pnrfuant to this Ad ; which Bonds shall be capable of*being given in Evidence in any Court of Law or Equity, without being (tamped according to the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Mafler or Perfon commanding any Ship or Veffel bound to the River of Thames, and which shall repair to Standgate Creek for the Performance of Quarantine, shall pay the full Charges of Pilotage up to Gravesend or Stand-gate Creek ; and every Pilot conducting any such Veffel to Standgate Creek, shall be entitled to such Pay per Diem for the Days he shall be obliged to remain on Quarantine as shall be in that Behalf allowed fqr such Detention by the Rates of Pilotage to be established by virtue of this Ad.

XXXIX.	And be it further enacted, That if any Pilot taking charge of any Ship or Veffel into the Rivers Thames or Medway, shall quit Such Ship or Veffel at Standgate Creek before such Ship or Veffel shall have arrived at the Place to which such Ship or Veffel is bound in the Rivers Thames or Medway respectively, without the Confent of the Captain or other Perfon having the Command thereof, unless Some other duly qualified Pilot shall come on board and shall take the Charge and Gondud of such Ship or Veffel for the Reffdue of the Pilotage to be performed; every such Pilot shall forfeit for every such Offence all Pay or Reward to which he might be entitled for having conducted or piloted filch Ship or Veffel to Standgate Creek, and shall also be subject to such other Penalty or Puni(hment as by virtue of any of the Proviiions of this Ad, or of the Rules and Re-g ulations to be ettabliflied in pursuance hereof, any Pilot shall be liable to for quitting a Ship or Veffel before (he shall arrive at her Place of Dettination.

XL. And be it further enacted, That a particular Defcription of the Perfon of every Pilot shall be indorsed on the Back of his Licence; and every Captain or Matter, or other Perfon having the Command of a Ship or Veffel, on receiving a Pilot on board, shall infped his Licence, and if he shall have Reafon to think that such Pilot i9 not the Perfon to whom the Licence was granted, such Captain or Matter, or other Perfon having the Command of such Ship or Veffel, is hereby required foithwith to transmit a Copy of such Licence to the Corporation or Perfons by whom such Licence shall have been granted, dating the Date thereof, together with such Account and Defcription of the Perfon producing such Licence or Warrant, as may lead to the Difcovery ot the Offender.

XL I. And be it further enacted. That from and after the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and eight, if any Pilot licensed by virtue of this Ad, or otherwise duly licensed, shall keep or be concerned in keeping, either by himself or any Agent or Ser-

faat,

A«D« 1808.

48° GEO. I1L	C.	104.	337

vant, or other Perfon, or shall in any way be interested in keeping of the Revenue • any Publick Houfe-or Tavern, or Plate of publick Entertainment, Laws, Ifcc. shall . or in the felling of any Wine or Spirituous Liquors, or Tobacco he difinifTmi oc or Tea (uiilefs luch Pilot shall have kept, or been concerned or in-terefted in the fame before the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, and shall be duly authorized by the Corporation or Authority under which such Pilot .(hall ad, to continue in luch Bufinefs or Employment); or if any Pilot licensed as aforeJaid shall be convicted of any Offence again ft any Law or Laws relating to the Revenues of Cuiloms or Excife, or shall be concerned in, pr shall wilfully copnive at any indirect Pradices or Frauds against the	,

Revenues of Cuftoms or Excife, or shall procure, abet, bonnive at,	>

or participate in any Deftrudtion, Spoil, Concealment, Fraud, Ex-action, or corrupt Pradice relating to Ships or Veffels, or Perfons in Diftrefs at Sea, or by Shipwreck, or relating to the Tackle, Apparel,	'	*

or Furniture, or the Cargoes of such Ships or Veffels, or relating to 1 the Crew or Paffengers belonging thereto, or the Monies, Goods, or Chattels of any of them, then and in every such Cafe every (uch Pilot shall (over and above all other Punifhments, Mulds, and Penalties,' for such Offences) be dismissed from being a Pilot, or (haTl be fuf-pended from acting as such, at the Difcretion of the Corporation or other Authority from which such Pilot’s Licence was derived.

XLII. And be it further cnaded. That no Perfon shall take Charge No Pilot shall aSt of any Veffel, or in any Manner ad as a Pilot, or receive any Com- bis Licence penfation for acting as a Pilot, unless he shall be authorized thereto, ^ by some lawful Licence, nor until such Licence shall have been re-. fcuftoraaT giftered by the principal Officers of the Cuftom House of the Place nor without * at or nearest to which such Pilot shall reside, which Officers are hereby having Lfcow* . required to register the fame without Fee or Reward, nor without 'in his Cujftody. * having his Licence at the Time of his so acting in his personal Cuftody * - * ready to he produced, and which he shall actually produce to the Mafter of any Ship or Veffel, or other Perfon who fn dl be defi^ous of employing him as a Pilot; nor shall any Perfon, although duly licensed to ad as a Pilot, ad in that Capacity out of or beyond the > Limits expressed in his Licence, or beyond the Extent of his Qualification therein expressed; op pain of forfeiting a Sum not exceeding Penalty.

Thirty Pounds nor less than Ten Pounds for the First Offence, ana for any Second or subsequent Offence any Sum.aot exceeding Fifty bounds nor less than Thirty Pounds.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That on the Death of any Pilot, his	Death of

Executors and Admiuiftrators, or One of them, or the Perfon or Perfons to whose Hands the Licence of such deceased Pilot shall * pe^lw come, shall, without wilful Delay, transmit such Licence to the Cor- aoi. to 40s, ' poration, Company, or Perfo:i3 by whom such Licence was granted, on pain of forfeiting for any Negled therein, or for Refufal to deliver the fame when lawfully demanded, a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the AH Corporations said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strcndy and also for or P^fons the said Society or Fellowfhip of Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle p ofTkanct, and also for all other Corporate Bodies, or other Perfons license Vrfelsfit . having lawful Authority to appoint Pilots within the Limits of their hiving Pilots in respective Jurifdidions, to license Veflels of luch Size and* Defcrip- Attendance on tion as shall appear to them to be proper for the Purpjfe of having at,?ea>

48 Geo. III*.	Z '	_	Pilou	•*»“*«*

A.D.i8o8.

338

Company may h< couftituted for providing them, Sic.

An pilot Boms

Ihall be fitted as herein specified, with the Name and Number of the principal Pilot painted thereon.

Penalty for concealing Name or Number 20I.

All Boats carrying Pilots ihall (hew a Flag.

Penalty For carrying Flag without a Pilot pa board.

Penalty on Pilots declining to take Charge of Veflel*, or exacting more than the allowed Fee, or being gulky of Negleet, unnkesncMc. tool, to 10I. and Sdjptufioo, Sic.

C. 104.	48°	GEO.	III.

t Pilots constantly in Attendance in such Veflels at Sea; and for tike better Support of such Pilot Vefleis, it shall be lawful for any Number of Pilots licensed by virtue of this Aft, or otherwise lawfully lieenfed, with the Confent of the said Corporate Bodies, or Perfbns by whom respectively such Pilots have been or Ihall be appointed as aforesaid, to con dilute a Joint Stock Company or Companies for the providing and maintaining of such Pilot Vefleis; which Companies, and the laid Vefleis, Ihall at all Times be subject to such Rules and Regulations as shall from Time to Time be sanctioned and approved in that Behalf by the said Corporate Bodies, or Perfons by whom respectively such Pilots shall relpeftively have been licensed,

XLV. And be it further enacted, That every Pilot Boat or Vef-fel, or other Boat or Veffel in the Pilot Service of any Corporation or Society established by Law in relation to Pilotage, or of any Perfons authorised to aft as a Pilot by such Corporation or Society, shall at ail Times and on every Station be fitted with Black Sidoi, and have the upper Strake next the Gunwale painted White, and shall while afloat carry i. Vane at the Maft Head, or elfe a Flag oa a Sprit or Stass, or in some other equally conspicuous Situation; which Vane or Flag shall be of large Dimenfions, proportioned to the Size of the Boat or Veffel carrying the. fame, and shall be half Red and half White, in horizontal Stripes, of which the uppermolt shall be White, and the fame shall at all Times be kept and preserved in a clean and distinct Condition, so as to be eafify dilcerned at a proper and sufficient Distance, and every such Boat or Veflel shall also have the Name of the principal Pilot thereof for the Time being, painted in broad White Letters aof Three Inches in Length on a Black Ground on her Stern, and on each Bow such Number as shall be expressed in the Licence of such principal Pilot ; which Name and Numbers shall not be hid or concealed by any Perfon at any Time, on pain of forfeiting the Sum of Twenty Pounds for such OmifBon or Evafion, ;o be paid ' by such principal Pilot, who shall at all Times be answerable for the due Observance of the Matters aforefaiel, by every Perfon on board such Boat or Veflel; and every other Boat not in the Service of any Corporation or Society carrying off.a Pilot, shall exhibit a similar Flag on a Sprit or Mali, to diitingliifh that she has'a Pilot on board.

XLV I. And be it further enacted. That if any Boat or Veffel, not having a licensed Pilot on board, shall without lawful' Authority carry such distinguishing Vane or Flag'as aforesaid, the Owner of Owners, or the Mailer or other Perfon having Charge of such Boat or Veffel, displaying or carrying any such Vane or Flag, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XLV 11. And be it further enacted, That every Pilot licensed by virtue of this Aft, or otherwise duly licensed, who shall, when dil-engaged or on any frivolous Pretexts, decline to take charge of any Ship or Veffel, unless such Caufe shall be shewn by the Pilot as shall iullify his not taking charge of the Ship, or who shall decline, on being required by any Captain of any of His Majefty’s Ships, or the Mailer or other Perfon having the Charge of any Snip or Veffel, to come on board of any Ship or Veffel, or who shall decline, when required by any Commiflioned Officer in His Majefty’s Navy, or by any Principal Officer of His Majeily’s Cufloms, or by any other Per* fon or Penons interested as Principal or Agent for or on Behalf of any Skip or Veflel wanting a Pilot, to go off to and take charge or

'any Ship or Veffel when it shall be safe so to $ or tvho shall exact or demand, or bargain for any greater Fee or Reward, or any greater Price or Hire for Pilotage than as are or shall be allowed by fuch' states or Rules as are or mall hereafter be legally established in that Behalf; or who shall in anywise delay going on board any such Ship or Veffel, or taking Charge thereof when on board or alongside thereof, or who shall quit any such Ship or VeiTel, or decline the' piloting thereof after he has been engaged or after going alongside thereof, without Leave of the Owner, Mailer, Captain, or Perfon having the chief Command of such Ship or VeiTel, or before the Service mall have been performed for which he was hired, or shall by Drunkennefs render himself incapable of conducing such Ship or Veffel, or shall negligently or wilfully run such Veflel on Shore, or lose the fame, or do anv Injury to the fame or to the Tackle or Fur-. niture thereof, or who mall lend his Licence to any unlicensed Perfon, to enable or assist him towards acting or claiming to aft as a licensed Pilot, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds, and shall be liable to be difmified from being or suspended from acting as a Pilot, at the Dif-cretion of the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strondf or at the Difcretion of such other Corporate Body, or rerfon or Per-fons by whom such Pilot was licensed.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in cafe* any Pilot licensed by virtue of this Aft shall employ or makp use of, or shall compePor require any Perfon having the Command or Charge of any Ship or Veffel, to employ or make use of any Boat, Anchor, Cable, Hawfer, or any other Matter or Thing in or for the Service or pretended Service of such Ship or Veffel, beyond what shall actually and bond fide be necessary and proper for the Ufe thereof, with Intent thereby to enhance or increale the Charge or Expence of Pilotage -or Pilot AfHftance of such Ship or Veffel, whether for -the Gain and Emolument of such Pilot, or for the Gain or Emolument of any other Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, then and in every such Cafe the Perfon so offending shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor less than Ten Pounds, and shall also be liable to be deprived of his Licence, or to be suspended from acting as a Pilot for a limited Time, at the Difcretion of the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, or other Authority by which he is or shall be licensed. <

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in cafe any Perfon licensed to aft as a Pilot by virtue of this Aft* or otherwise duly licensed, or any Perfon not being a Pilot, but aftjng under pretext or colour of Pilotage, shall wilfully and knowingly condust, lead, decoy, or betray any Ship or Veffel into Danger in agy Manner not alreaay provided against by any Statute or Statutes $ or shall unnecessarily or improperly cut any Cable or Cables of or belonging to any Ship cr Veffel, or cause or procure the fame to be cut unnecessarily and improperly j or if any such Perfon shall, by wilful Mifreprefentation of any Circumflances upon which the Safety of any Ship or Veffel shall appear materially to depend for the Time being, obtain or endeavour to obtain the Charge and Condust: of any Ship or Veffel, then and in every such Cafe the Perfon so offending, or who fhjdl aid in, procure, abet, or connive at the committing of any such Offence or Offences* shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding One hundred

Z a	Pounds*

Penalty on Pilot* for employing, or requiring Matter* to employ, any unneceffaiy Boat, &c.

50l. to iol., &c.

Penalty for conducing any Veffel into Danger, or unueceffarily cutting Cables, See.

iool.toaoL,fco»

34®.

Pilot Boats * ' running before Veffels not . having a Pilot entitled to Pilotage.

No Pilot shall be taken to Sea without his Content, except in cafe of NecefTity, &c. His Pay.

Surplus Rates of

Pilotage on Ships not havingBritiih Regifter* shall be paid to Receivers, and made a Fund for Relief of infirm Pilots, and an Account thereof shall be annually laid before Parliament.

How .Pilotage of Ships, not Foreign, maybe recovered.

0.104*.	48°	GEO. Ill*	AiD. 18081

Pounds, nor less than Twenty Pounds ; and in cafe the Perfon so offending shall be a Pilot, he shall be either difmi(fed from being a Pilot, or suspended from acting as such for a limited Period, at the Difcre-tion of the Corporation or other Authority by whom such Pilot was licensed.

L. -And be it further enacted, That if any such licensed Pilot Veffel or Boat shall run before any Ship or Veffel, not having a licensed Pilot on board, for the Purpofe of directing the Courfe of such Ship or Veffel until a Pilot can be .put on board, the Pilot on board such Pilot Veffel, or the Perfon having Charge of her, shall be entitled to the full Pilotage for the Di(lance run, until a duly licensed Pilot shall be put on board, as if such Perfon had been actually on board such Ship, and had the Charge of Her as a Pilot.

LI. And be it further enacted,Tnat no Pilot shall be taken to Sea by the Commanding Officer of any of His Majefty’s Ships, on by any Mailer of any Ship or Veffel in the Merchant Service, without his free Con fen t, except in cafe of absolute and unavoidable Neceffity; and in such Cafe every Pilot so taken to Sea shall have and receive Ten Shillings and Sixpence per Diem, until he shall be returned to the Port or Place where he was taken on board, or until he shall have been discharged from the Ship for a sufficient Time to have enabled him to return there.

LI I. * And whereas it is expedient that the surplus Rates of

*	Pilotage imposed by this A& on Ships not having Brittfb Regif-

*	ters, should be applied for creating a Fund for such Pilots belonging

*	to the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, and of the Fellow ship of

*	the Cinque Ports as shall be; superannuated ;* be it enabled, That all such Excefs of Rates as aforesaid,' which shall pertain to the Efta-blifhment of the Trinity House, shall be paid to a Receiver or Receivers, to be appointed in that Behalf by the said Corporation at some Place or Places convenient for the making of such Payment within the Port of London, and shall be applied bv the said Corporation in the Manner herein-after directed 5 and if such extra Rates of Pilotage shall pertain to the Eftablifhment of the Cinque Ports, then the lame shall be paid to a Receiver or Receivers, to be in that Behalf appointed by the Lord Warden and the Court of Loadmanage, at some convenient Place or Places for the Payment thereof within the said Port of London, and shall be applied by the said Court in the Manner hereinafter in that Behalf airedled; that is to fay, in both Cafes to create a Fund for the better Support and Maintenance of such Pilots as shall become incapable of discharging their Duty from advanced Age, or from any Accident, or permanent Infirmity, to be applied and dittributed in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations as the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond9 dnd the Lord Warden and the Court of Loadmanage of the Cinque Ports shall respectively order and provide, of which Receipts and Appropriations the said Corporations and Courts nefpe&ively mall annually lay an Account thereof before Parliament, within Ten Days after the Commencement of each Seffion.

LIII. And (>e it further enabled, That all Sums of Money which * shall become due to any licensed Pilot for Pilotage, shall and may be recovered from the Owners or Matters of Ships or Veffels, or from the Confignees or Agents thereof, not being Foreign Ships or Vef-fcls, who shall have paid or made themselves liable to pay any other

Charge

/

A.D. 1808.

34i

48° GEO. HI.	C.	104.

Charge for tjie Ship or Veflel in the Port of her Delivery, and shall and may be levied in such and the like Manner according to the Amount of an y* such Sums of Money respectively, as any Penalty or Penalties may be recovered and levied under and by virtue of this Aft, Demand thereof being made in Writing at least Fourteen Days before such Levy.

LIV. And be it further enaftcd, That the Confignee* or Agents of all Foreign Ships and Vefleis, who shall have paid or engaged to pay any Charge whatever in relation to such Ship or Veflel, fiiail be liable to the Payment of, and shall pay all Sums for Pilotage outwards, due to the Pilot or Pilots who fhaU have piloted such Ships or VefTels, on Proof being made within Fourteen Days after such Pilotage shall have been performed, on the Oath of such Pilot before any Juflice of the Peace, that the fame has not been paid by the Captain of such Ship or Veflel; and in such Cafe the Sums of Money so due for Pilotage shall be recoverable in like Manner as any Penalty under the Sum of Ten Pounds may be recovered by virtue of this Aft.; and such Confignees or Agents of Foreign Ships or Veflels are hereby authorised ana empowered to retain in their Hands re-fpeftively, out of any Monies which they may have received for or on account of such Foreign Ship or VefTel, or the Owner or Own-, ers thereof, so much as shall be sufficient to pay and discharge such Pilotage outwards, and any Expences attending the fame.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the Mafter of every Ship or Veflel which shall be piloted or conducted by any other than a duly licensed Pilot, within any Limits for which rilots have been or shall be appointed by any lawful Authority, shall forfeit Double the Amount of the Sum which would have been demandable for the Pilotage of such Ship or Veflel, together with Five Pounds for every ' Fifty Tons Burthen of such Ship or Veflel; Provided always, that ' nothing in this Aft shall extend to subject to Penalties any Mailer of any Ship or Veflel who shall aft himself as Pilot in pafflng up and down the Englijb Channel, or elsewhere in palling by any Part of the Coaft of Englmnd, in the Courfe of any Voyage, or within the Limits of the Port or Place to which his Ship belongs, not being a Port or Place in relation to which Provifion hath heretofore been made by any Aft or Afts of Parliament, or by any Charter or Charters for the Appointment of Pilots, or who shall employ any Pecfon as a Pilot, or who shall aft himself as such for the Conduft of his Ship or Veflel, in any Cafe where/and so long as a duly qualified Pilot shall not offer Afliftance or make a Signal for that Purpose; Provided also, that this Aft shall not extend or be conffrued to extend to hinder any Perfons from assisting any Ship or VefTel in Diftrefs at any Time or Place, nor shall subject such Perfons, or any Mafter of any Ship or Veflel employing such Perfons, to the Penalties of this Aft, in re-fpeft of such Afliftance given during the Diftrefs of such Ship or Vef-fel, or in consequence thereof, or under any Circumftances which shall have rendered it necessary for such Matter to avail himself of the best Afliftance which at the Time could be procured; any Thing herein contained to the contrary-thereof in any wife notwitbftaading.

- LVI. And’be it further enacted, That every Perfon having the Command or Charge for the Time being of any Ship or Veflel, who shall report, or be privy or consenting to any other Perfon’s reporting to any Pilot taking the Charge of such Ship or Veflel, a falfe

Z 3	Account

How Pilotage of Foreign Ship may be recovered.

Confignees of Foreign Siiip may retain Pilotage.

Penalty on Mailers of Veflels piloted by any other than a licensed Pilot, DouMe PHcrtage, and si. per SO Ton.

Exception.

\ %

Penalty for

report!^ to Pilots

a false Account Of the Draught of Water of

34J

A»D# i8o8«

Vrfleis, StC. *00l.

Controverfie*

jpfpe-^ing the Draught of Water of VefTcIs shall he fettled by Trinity House.

Names of Pilots shall be iufeited in Report of Ships eoraiig iiMO hWt of London, by Officer of Culloms, who flail report the fame monthly to the Trinity House.

Clearing Officer at Gravesend ihill report Veffirls clearing outw ards.

Lifts of all Pilots ihay be annually traufmitted to the Trinity House and the CommifTionen •f CuAoms.

C.104.	48" GEO, tlj.

Account of the Draught of Water of such Ship or Veffel, shall for-feit and pay for every such Offenice, in addition to the Payment of the full Kate of Pilotage to the Pilot entitled thereto, double the Amount of such Pilotage; and any Perfon having the Command or Charge for the Time being of any Ship or Veffel, or having any Interect, Share, or Property therein, who shall fraudulently alter any Marks on the Stem or Sternpott thereof, denoting the Draught of Water, or shall be privy to and consenting thereto, shall for any such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

LVII. * And, in order to prevent 01 fettle Controverfiea con-

*	ccrning the Draught of Water of Ships and Veffels which shall be 4 from Time to Time in the River #of Thames (not having Brtiijb

*	Regifters),* be it enacted, That whenever any Difference about the Draught of Water of any Ship or Veffel shall arise between the Maf-ter or other Perfon having the Command of any such Ship or Vef* fel; and any Perfon who shall have piloted the fame into the said River, or who shall be required to pilot the fame therefrom, pursuant to the Directions of this Ad, the said Corporation of Trinity House, or feme proper Officer or Perfon appointed by them, shall admeafure the Draught of Water of such Ship or Veflel, and shall fettle and determine the fame between the Parties, upon Application made by either of them to the said Corporation within Twelve Hours after such Ship or Veffel shall have arrived’ at her Mooringa in the River, or before the Cargo thereof shall be begun to be unladen, or before such Ship or Veffel shall quit her Moorings on any outward Voyage ; for which Admeafurement the Officer or Perfon making the fame shall be paid Owe Guinea, if the Ship or Veffel shall be below or in the Poof, and Half a Guinea if above the Pool, by the Perfoq requiring such Admeasurement, or making Application for the fame to the fa'd Corporation.

LVflE. And be it further enacted, That every Matter or other Perfon having the Command for the Time being of any Ship or Veffel required to be piloted according to the Diredions of this Ad, shall,' on coming into the Port of London, and in making the Entry or Report of his Ship or Veffel I:.v insert or cause to be inlerted in such Entry or Report the \7ame of the Pilot or Pilots employed or engaged by him, or by the Owner oPfuch Ship or Veffel to pilot the fame into the said Port of London* and which Infertion shall be made (without Fee or Reward) by the proper Officer of the Cuf-toms, in the said Entry or Report, who shall also report the fame to the Corporation of the Trinity House monthly; and also that the Principal Searcher or Clearing Officer of the Cuttoms at Gravesend shall demand and take the Name or Names of the Pilot or Pilots of all Ships or Veffels clearing outwards from the Port of London, and shall ttanfmit monthly Lilts of such Names to the said Corporation of the Trinity House, on pain of forfeiting a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor ^lefs than Forty Shillings, to be paid by every Perfon who (ball neglect to comply with the foregoing Regulation* respectively. v

LIX. And be it further enacted, That Litts of the Christian and Surnames, Ages, and Places of Refidence, of all Pilots in England, shall, with the Dates of their Appointments, on or before the Thirty -ttrtt Day of December One thousand eight hundred and eight, be traalinitted to the Corporation of Trinity House of Deftford Strond*

N	’	at

343

A.D.i8o8.	48*	GEO.	lit

C.104.

at their Court House in London, diftingui filing the Limits within which such Pilots are appointed to aft respectively, and thenceforward from Time to Time as each Appointment of a Pilot {hall take place ; and also Duplicates of such Lifts to the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms in England, annexing to the Lifts to bo transmitted to the Trinity House the Rates of Pilotage, and also Hating the Rules and Regulations made and eftabliihed in relation to such Pilots, in cafe such Rules and Regulations shall have been made by any other Authority than by Aft of Parliament, or by the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, and the fame, when so completed, shall be transmitted as aforesaid by the respective Bodies Politick and Corporate, aud other Pcrfons authorized to appoint Pilots in any of the Ports, Harbours, or Rivers, or on any of the Coafts of England, by whom such Pilots shall have been appointed respectively ; and the said Politick Bodies and Corpo.ate, and other Pcrfons authorized to appoint Pilots as aforesaid, shall and they are hereby required to transmit to the faid'Corporation of Trinity House, at theic laid Court House in London, annually on the Thirty-firft Day of December, or within One Calendar Month afterwards, a Lift cor-refted up to the said Thirty-firft Day of December annually, of the Names and Refidence of the Pilots within their several Jurifaiftions, ^nd dating such Alterations as may have been made (if any) in the Rules and Regulations for governing Pilots within the respective Diftrifts.

LX. 4 And whereas by Two Afts palled in the Forty-fifth and 4 Forty-fixth Years of His present Majesty, for the more effectual 4 Performance of Quarantine, Pilots are required, on going on board 4 Ships' arriving from Foreign Parts, in certain Cafes to give Infor-4 mation to the Commanders thereof respecting Proclamations and

*	Orders in Council relative to the Performance of Quarantine, which

*	renders it nftreflary that Notice of such Proclamations and Orders^ 4 which may have beeh iifued subsequent to the Departure from Eng• 4 land of such Ships, fhouldbe previously communicated to all Pilots

*	throughout England ;* be it further enacted, That the said Com-mifiioner8 of the Cuftoms shall, within One Month, from the Thirty-/irft Day of December One thousand eight hundred and eight, transmit to the principal Officers of the Revenue undef their Management at the several Ports in England, the Names and Places of Refidence of such Pilots in the Lifts so transmitted to them as shall reside within the Limits of each Port respectively, and so from thenceforward the Name of each Pilot of whose Nomination they shall receive Notice from the proper Authority, in order that the said principal Officers at the several Ports may be enabled to communicate to every Pilot within the Limits of the Ports respectively all Proclamations or Orders in Council respecting the Performance of Quarantine by Ships arriving from infefted Places, which the said Officers are hereby re. quired to do.

LX I* And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions, Clauses, Penalties, and Forfeitures* contained in an Aft palled in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, or any other Aft or Afts . made and in force for the Pnefervation of Beacons and Sea Marks, {hall extend and be construed to extend to all VefTels duly appointed to exhibit Lights therein for the Prefervation of Ships and VefTels at Sea, and to all Perfons removing, injuring, or deftroyin^fuch

45*0.8. c. 10. 40 G. a. c. 9*.

Commiflionm of Cuftoms shall tmnfmit to their ' Officer* at the fevcr&l Ports in England die Names and Refidence of the Pilots who shall reside within the * Limits of each Port.

Provifions of 8 Elia. c. 13. tiu\ for Prefervation of Beacons extended to Veflek appointed to exhibit Lights,

344

A«D» iSoS<

Penalty for running foul, See. of foch Vefleis, or any Bnoy or Beacon.

69 G. 3. e.Uix.

Penalty on Pilots for noi obeying the Orders ot the Dock M after of the West India Dock Company, fOl. to 20h, &.C.

Lift of Veffels employed for Pilotage, with the Number of Hands, shall be , annually transmitted to iheHecehrcrof

C.104.	48°	GEO.	III.

Veffels or Lights; which Offences may be laid and tried in any County

in England.

LXII. And be it further ena6fcd, That every Perfon who shall ride by, make sass to, pr remove, or wilfully or negligently run down, or run foul of any Veffel appointed or placed to exhibit Lights, or any Buoy or Beacon belonging to the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Stromly or belonging to or placed by any other Corporatipn having lawful Authority to place the fame, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Fifty pounds nor less than Ten Pounds, together with the Expence of replacing or making good any Damage occaftoned by such Mifconduft.

LXIII. 4 And whereas by an Aft patted in the Thirty-ninth Year ^of^the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Ad for ren-4 dering more commodious and for better regulating the Port of Lon-.

•	don, the Dock Matter or Dock Matters appointed by the w*ft In-

*	dia Dock Company, under and by virtue of the said Aft, have full 4 Power and Authority to direft the mooring, unmooring, moving or 4 removing of all Ships and other Veffels, Ligliters, and Craft, as 4 shall be within the Dittance of Two hundred Yards from any En-4 trance out df the said River there into the Works of the said Com. 4 pany, as to the Time or Times, and Manner of their Entrance into*, 4 lying in, or going out' of or from the fame: And whereas the 4 Powers given to the said Dock Matter or Dock Matters, under and 4 by virtue of the said recited Aft, have not been found sufficient to 4 enable him and them to enforce Obedience to his and their Orders 4 and Dire&iona, to Pilots having the Charge or Direftion of navi-4 gating Ships and Veffels within the aforesaid Dittance of Two hun-4 ared Yards of the respective Entrances into the said Docks from 1 the River Thames ;* be it therefore enacted, That from and after the patting of this Aft, if any Pilot or Pilots having the Charge or Direftion of navigating any Ship or Veffel within the aforesaid Dittance of Two hundred Yards from the respective Entrances itito the said Docks from the River Thames, and either intended to go Into, .or having recently come out of the Docks,' Bafons, or other Works of the said Company, shall negltft or refuse to obey such Orders or Direftions as shall or may from Time to Time be 'given to such Pilot or Pilots by the said Dock Matter or Dock Matters under and by virtue of, and agreeably to the Powers vetted in him and them by the said recited Aft, touching or relating to the mooring, unmooring, moving, or removing of such Ships or Veffels so being under the Charge or Direftion of such Pilot or Pilots as aforesaid, then and in every fuch'Cafe every Pilot so offendiug shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds and not less than Twenty Pounds ; and every such Pilot mall be liable to be difmitted from being a Pilot, or suspended from acting as such, at the Difcretion of the Corporation, or other Authority by whom fuch' Pilot was licensed.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Stroncl, and the Court o£ Loadmanage of the Cinque Ports, and all other Corporations for managing or di-refting Pilots in any Part of England, under the Authority of any Aft of Parliament or Charter, shall annually, within One Month after the First Day of January in every Year, transmit to the Office of the Receiver of the Sixpenny Duty in the Port of London, a Lift

of

A.D;i8o8.

48* GEO. III.	C. 104.	34$

of all the Veffels, of every Description, employed by them, or by the na. Duty m Perfons under their Authority, for the Porpofes of Pilotage, with *he the Number of Men and Boys belonging to or lerving in any such ">ndo*-Vefiel.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, or Recovery of Forfeitures by this Adi imposed or to be imposed by any Bye Law made under the Authority, thereof, the Manner of levying whereof is not herein diredlcd, and which shall not exceed Twenty rounds, or in respect of which any Sum less than Twenty Pounds may be awarded at the Difcretion of any Juilice hearing the Offence, may be levied and recovered within Six Calendar Months after the Offence or Offences committed, or within such other Time as is hereinafter in that Behllf diredlcd, before any Juilice or Juilices of the Peace for the County, City, Division,or Place where the Offence shall be com* mitted, or if committed by any Pilot, before any Juilice of the Peace or Magiftrate of the. City, Town, or Port to which such Pilot ih^ll belong 5 or if committed by any Owner or Mailer of any Shin, by any Jufticc of the Peace or^ Magiftrate of the County, City, Town, or Port at which such Owner or Mailer shall reside, or to which the Ship of such Owner or Mailer shall belong; or if committed by any Pilot of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, or the Cinque Porta, or by any other Perfort on any Part of the Sea from Folkfione to the Mouth of the River Thames, or up the Rivera Thames or Medway, then by any Juilice of the Peace of the Counties of K.nt, Surry,	/	'

EJffx, or M'idditsex, or by any Magiftrate of*the City of London; and such Juilice and Juilices is and are hereby empowered and required, upon Complaint to him or them made, to grant a Warrant to bring before him or them such Offender or Offenders at the Time or Place* in such Warrant specified \ and if on Convi&ion of the Offender or Offenders respectively, or on his, her, or their Confeifion, or on the Evidence of any One or more credible Witnefs or Witueffes upon Oath (which Oath such Juilice or Juilices is and are hereby empowered to admiuifter) such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Juilice or Juilices to commit every such Offender to the common Gaol or House of Corre&ion for the County, City, or Place where the Offender shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mair.prize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months nor less than Twenty-one Days, until such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture,'and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid: Provided always. That no Juftire or Magiftrate ihall in any Cafe award any Sum exceeding Twenty Pdunds,

LXVI. And be it further enacted, 'That all Fines, Penalties, or Recovery of Forfeitures exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds by this Adi im- PsmWcs above posed, for any Offence or Offences committed againil this Adi, or in *o1* which any greater Sum may be awarded than Twenty Pounds, and in which the Party orofecuting such Offence shall proceed for any greater Sum than Twenty Pounds, Ihall and may be recovered by A&ion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majefty’a Courts of Record at Wejlnunjler, wherein no Effoign, Prote&ion,

Wager of Law, or any more than One Imparlance mall be allowed, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Offence or Offences -ihall be committed, or within such other Time as is hereinafter in that Behalf directed; Provided always, that in cafe the said refpe&ive

Periods

9#

Exemption for

JFurifHuftiun of Co«m of Lo*dm*nige, mod Admiralty Court,

Juftice of airy County whither an Offender ihall escape, or where 'hie Goods Ihall be, may indorse the original Warranty which flail authorize the Peace Officer* to execute it|

Ac.

C. 104.	48®	GEO.	III.	*A.t).i8o8.

Periods of Six Calendar Months and Twelve Calendar Months, or either of them, within which Fpies, Penalties, or Forfeitures arc to be sued for as aforesaid, shall in any Cafe or Cafes elapse and run out before any Profecution hereby authorized or directed shall hate been commenced for the Recovery of such Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures ; and if it shall in Manner hereinafter mentioned be made to appear, as foou after as the Circumftances of the Cafe fhallreafonably admit, that the Commencement of the Profecution has been delayed by reason of the Abfence of any Party or Parties, whether offending or complaining, or by the Abfence of any necessary Witnefs or Wit-neffes; then upon such Circumftances being stated By Affidavit, in Writing, made before any Judge of any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejhitnjlery it shall thereupon be lawful for any such Judge or Judges to order or authorize the Commencement of such Profecution, within such further Time as such Judge shall think fit to limit in that Behalf, and in such Cafe the Profecution or Pro fee 11-tions so ordered or authorized, shall and may be commenced and prosecuted within the Time or respective Times so limited, in like Manner and with the like Effeet, in all Refpests, as if such Profe-cutions had been commenced and prosecuted within the said respective Periods of Six Months and Twelve Months hereby limited: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to alfeft or impede the Jurifdi&ion of the Court of Loadmanage, as far as re-fpe£U the Pilots appointed under the Authority of the said Court; and provided also, thtft nothing in this A6t contained shall extend or be construed to extend to laffedt or impair the Jurifdi&ion of the High Court of Admiralty.

LXVI I. And be it further enacted. That in cafe any Perfon against whom a Warrant shall be issued by any Juftice 'or Justices, before or after any Conviftion for any Offence against this A61, shall escape, go into, or reside, or be in any other County, Riding, Di-vision, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, not of the Jurifdi6lion of fuqh Juftice or Justices granting such Warrant or Warrants; or if the Goods and Chattels of any Offender convicted of any Offence in pursuance of this A&> shall be in any County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, other than where the said Party was convi6ted, or Warrant of Diftrefs granted, it shall be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place into which such Perfon shall escape, either before or after Convi&ion, or where his Goods and Chattels shall be after such Convi£ion, and they and every of them are hereby reauired, upon Proof made upon Oath of the Hand-writing of any Juftice or Justices granting such Warrant or Warrants, to indorse bis or their Name or Names on such Warrant; and'the’fame, when so delivered, shall be sufficient Authority to all Peace Officers to execute such Warrant in such other County, Riding, Division, City, Town, or Place out of the Jurifdi6tion bf the Juftice or Justices granting the said Warrant; and any Juftice or Justices respectively, on the Offender or Offenders being apprehended and brought before him or them within their respective Jiirifdrcscions, may proceed to hear and determine the Complaint, in*the fame Manner as if it had originally arisen within his or their respective Jurifdi6tions, and may direct the Offender or Offenders to be carried to the Juftice or Joffices

who

347

A.D. 1808.	48* GEO. III.	C.	104.

•

who granted thp original Warrant) to be dealt with according to Law.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted. That One-third of all Fines or Penalties to be levied in pursuance of this A&, or under any Bye* Law made in pursuance thereof, by whomsoever incurred, shall go to the Perfon who shall inform or sue for the fame, and the Remainder of all such Fines or Penalties shall be paid and applied to the Fund of the Trinity House at Deptford Strand, and shall be applied, after defraying thereout the Expences of carrying this A& into Execo* tion, in luch Manner and for the like Purpoles as the other Funds of the said Corporation are by Law or Ufage applicable, in cafe such Fines or Penalties shall be incurred by Pilots licensed by the laid Corporation, or by any other Perfon or Ferfons, in relation to any Matters wherein luch laftmentioned Pilots shall be in anywise con* cerned; and in cafe such Fines or Penalties shall be incurred by Pilots of the Cinque Ports, or by any other Perfon or Perfon s in relation to any Matters wherein such lad-mentioned Pilots shall be in anywise concerned, then the remaining Two-thirds of such lad-mentioned Fines or Penalties shall go to such Fund as hath been or shall be edablifhed by the Perfon* having the Dire&ion of the Cinque Port Pilots, and shall be applied to the Ufe of such respective Funds, after defraying, out of such Funds and Penalties, the re-fpc&ive Expences incurred in carrying this A& into Execution.

LXIX. And be it further ena&cd. That if any Perfon who shall be summoned as a Witnefs before any Juftice or Judices of the Peace, shall refuse or neglect to appear at the Time by such Summons appointed, having no just Caufe for such Negle& 6r.Refufal, it shall be lawful for such Judice or Judictes, on Proof of such Summons having been served, and of a Tender of reasonable Expences having been made to such Perfon on his being served with such Summons, to issue his or their Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to bring such Perfon before him or them; and if on Appearance, or on being brqught befoVe any Juftice or Judices, such Perfon shall refuse to be examined on Oath concerning the Premifcs, without having some jud Caufe for such Refufal, it shall be lawful for such Juftice or Jullicc9, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, to commit such Perfon to the House of Ctfrre&ion of the County, City, Divilion, or Place where any such Perfon shall be apprehended, there to remain foV any Time not exceeding Six Months nor less than Fourteen Days, as any such Juftice or Judices shall direct.

LXX. And be it further euacted, That every Perfon, who in any Examination upon Oath under the Provifions of this Aft, shall wilfully give false Teftimooy or a false Account qf the Matter sworn to by him, shall be liable to be prosecuted for the fame by Indictment ; and, if duly convicted of false Sweariogin the Premises, shall be subject and liable to such Punifhments, Difqualifications, and Difabilities, as any Perfon would be subject or liable to for wilful and corrupt Peijury in any other Cafe by the Laws and Statutes of the Realm.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Diftrefles shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by vir* tue of this Aft, the Diftrefs itself shall not be aeemed unlawful, nor shall the Party or Parties making the fame be deemed a Trefpafler

3	or

Application oP Peuahlea.

Witneffa not appearing may

be cora mi tied to the House of Corre&ion.

Penalty of P«j«ry on Mb Evidence.

Diftrefs not unlawful on account of want of Form, &c».

A.D.i8o8

34*

C. 104.

48* GEO. JIT;

Form pf CQttm£UOBBh

or Trefpaflcrs on account of any Defeft or want of Form in the Summons, Conviftion, Warrant of Distress, or the Proceedings relating thereto 5 neither /hall the Party or Parties be deemed a Tref-paffer or Trefpaflcrs ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed; but the Party or Parties aggrieved by such Irregularity shall andmay recover the full Satisfaction for the special Damage sustained infan Aftion on the Cafe.

LXXII. * And, for the more easy and (peedy Conviftion of * Offenders against this Aft/ be it further enacted, That all and every Juftice and Juft ices of the Peace before whom any Perfon shall be convicted of any Offence against this Aft, shall and inay cause the Conviftion to be drawn up according to the following Form; videlicet.

No Certiorari.

Appeal to ' Quarter Seflions, who uiay award CciU.

ProeeedinRs not to be qvallied for want ot Form, nor removed by Certiorari.

limitation of A&ion»,

Six Months.

gE it remembered. That on the ** in the Year of our Lord

Day of

One [*r.

A. B. is conviftcd before me Tor, us]

Two, as the Cafe may be] of His Majefty’s Juflices of the peace for the	[here	Specify

the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where committed, as the Cafe may be'] contrary to an Aft passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the Title of this A8]. Given under my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year first above written.*

And -no Certiorari or other Writ or Process, for the Removal of any such Conviftion, or any Proceedings tliereon, into any of His Majefly’a Courts of Record at IVeJlminJler, shall be allowed or granted.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons so convicted by any Juftice or Justices of the Peace before^mentioned, of any Offence or Offences against this Aft, or against any Rule, Order, or Bye Law made in pursuance thereof, within Three Calendar Months next after such Conviftion, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the General Quarter Sefliohs holden for the County, City, or Place where the Matter of Appeal shall arise, first giving Ten Days Notice of such Appeal to the Perfon 01 Perfons appealed against, and of the Matter thereof, and within Fourteen Days next after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Juftice of the Peace fot such County, City, or Place, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and for abiding the Determination of the Court therein; and such Justices shall, upon due Proof of such Notice having* been given, and Recognizance entered into,1 hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and may either confirm or quash and annul the said Conviftion 5 and award luch Cofts to either Party as to them shall seem Juft and reasonable, and the Decifion of the said Justices therein (nail be final, binding, and conelusive; and no Proceeding to be had or taken in pursuance of this Aft shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed by Certi• orari or any other Writ or Procefs what soever, into any of His Majefty's Courts of Record at Wefminfier or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithHanding., -LX XIV. And be it further epasted, That if any Suit or Aftioa shall be brought or prosecuted against any Pfcrfon or Perfons for any

x So

349

48° GEO. III.	C.104.

Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Ad, in every fiich Cafe the Adion or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterward*, and shall be laid or brought in the County, City, or Place where the Cau/ie of Adion arises, and not elsewhere, and the Defendant or Defend* ants in such Adion or Suit may plead the General IiTue, Not Genoa) IGm> Guilty, and give this Ad and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pur* fuance and by the Authority of this Ad; and if it shall appear lo to be done, or if any such Adion or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the fame, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited or suffer a Difcontinuance of his, her, or their Adion	*

or A&ions, or if a Verdid shall pass against l he Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff "or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Treble CoIW. Cofts, and dr.11 have such Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Cofts of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

LXXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid. That nothiug in this Ad con-tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice or take away any Right, Property, Authority, or Jurifdidion of the Mayor of the City of London, or of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, to, in, and upon the River of Thamu aforesaid.

u Publick Aft. § 76.**

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Ad shall be C^tinusaeesf in fosce for Four Years from the palling thereof.	A&.

1

»

SCHEDULES

35<j	Ci	04,	48°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1808.

, SCHEDULES to which thi» AA refcru

1 /

SCHEDULE (A.)

A TABLE of the RATES of PILOTAGE for piloting Ships from the River to 'the Downs, and up and down the North Channel, from and to Hofely Bay; or from off the Entrance of the Thames to London, and to Sea from the River.

FROM		TO	Under 7 Feet.			From 7 Feet ta xo Feet.		ix Feet.			Xft Feet.		13	[ Feet.
			£	s.	d.	6	s. d.	£	, s.	d.	£	, /. d.	£	. r.d.
		Nore or Warps	4	0	0	5	xo 0	S	15	0	6	l6 O	7	S ©
From the Sea,		Gravefend, Chatham, ^												
: Orfordnefs,		Standgate Creek, or C	s	0	0	7	IO 0	8	S 0		9	0 0	9	IS 0
the Downs, <		Blackftakes j												
Hofely Bay,		Longreach	s	J	0	7	15 ©	8	12	0	9	to 0	10	5 0
, and vice veril		Woolwich or Blackwall	'S	IJ	0	8	5 0	9	5	0	10	0 0	11	0 0
	L	Moorings or London Docks	6	6 0		8	xx 0	9	IJ 0		xo	xo 0	XX	xo 0
From the Nore f		Gravefend orStandgateCreek	ft	a	0	ft	15 0	3	5	0	3	Ift 0	3	18 0
' or Warp, or j		Ixmgreach or .Chatham	ft	xo	0	3	5 ©	3	15 ©		4	5 0	4	xo 0
thereabouts, 1		Woolwich or Blackwall	3	0 0		4	0 0	4	15	0	4	18 0	5	7 6
• and vice vexJS(.		Moorings or(London Docks	3	XO	0	4	xo 0	5	5	0	5	x 5 0	6	5 0
		Upward:												
From Gravef- C		Longreach	0	xo	0	1	7 6	x	12	6	1	17 6	ft	ft 6
end Reach, 4		Woolwich or Blackwall	X	5	0	ft	0 0	ft	8 0		ft	18 0	3	8 0
and vice veilS L		Moorings or London Docks	X	XO 0		ft	xo 0	3	0	0	3 XO 0		4	0 0
		Downward:												
		Sheernefs or Blackftakes	3	0	0	3 10 0		4	0	0	4	xo 0	s	0 0
		Chatham	3	xo	0	4	0 0	4	xo 0		S	0 0	s	xo 0
From Long*														
reach		Upward:												
		Woolwich or Blackwall	X	0	0	X	10 0	ft	0	0	ft	xo 0	%	0 0
	to	Mdbrings or London Docks	1	xo	0	ft	0 0	ft	xo	0	3	0 0	3 100	
		Downward:												
		Sheernefs or Blackftakes	3	XO	0	4	0 0	4	xo	0	5	0 0	5	xo 0
		Chatham	4	0	0	4 10 0		5	0	0	5	10 0	6	0 0
		Upward: . Moorings or London Docks	X	0	0	I	to 0	x	Xft	6	X	IS 0	ft	0 0
		Downward:												
		Sheernefs or Blackftakes	4	0 0		4	xo 0	5	. 0	0	c xo 0		6	0 0
		Chatham	4 100			S	0 0	5	10	0	6	0 0	6 xo 0	

Ships not having British Regifters to pay One fourth more of the Rates of Pilotage than Hated in the ahoveTable, except chiefly laden with Corn or other Provifions. For Half a Foot exceeding the above Draughts of Water the medium Price between the two Limits.	'

For intermediate Diftances a proportionate Rate.

For removing a Ship or Veflel from Moorings into a Dry or Wet Dock.

'	A	i»	1/.

For a	Ship under 300 To ns	-	-	o	15	o

300 to 600	—*-110

600 to 1,000—	-	-	1	11	6

above 1,000 —	-	-	%	a	0

In

A*D« 18081

48? GEO. UU

C. 104,

35*

SCHEDULE (A.y—contmued.	1

A TABLE of the RATES of PILOTAGE for piloting Ships from the River to the Downs, and up and down the North Channel, from and to Hofely Bay 4 or from off the Entrance of the Thames to London* and to Sea from the River*

14 Feet.		15 Feet		16 Feet	17 Feet		18 Feet.		19 Feet.		1 j 8		li Feet.		22 Feet	23 Feet  and upwards.
£•	s. 4/	4	s. I	£■ '• *	£■	M.	£	. /.	£	. s. d	£		£	> j. d.	£• *• *	£• *• J
s	O C	8	10 c	9 zo 0	to	5 c	it x6 c		12	JO 0	14	0 0		—	—	—
10	10 c	tz	S 0	^2 0 0	12 IS 0		15	6 0	18	2 0	21	0 0	23	2 q	2 S 4 0	27 6 c
10 17 6		IZ	*5 0	12 IO 0	14	6 6	16 z6 0		zo	4 0	*3	2 0	25	0 0	27 0 0	19 0 a
ii	0 0	11 1 s 0		13 10 0	15	8 0	17	14 0	21	5 0	24	0 0	27	0 0	— ■	— :
11	10 0	13	zo 0	14 5 0	l6	0 0	18	zo 0	22	6 0	15	5 0				——
4	1 0	4 zo 6		4 18 0	5	zo 0	6	6 c	'7	0 0	8	8 0	9	9 0	10 10 0	IC zz c
4 14 6		5	2 0	5 14 0	6	6 0	7	7 0	8	0 0	10	zo 0	11	IZ c	12 12 0	13 *3 c
5	18 0	6	6 0	6 t$ 0	7	15 0	8 18 c		ro	0 0	12	12 c	13	130	—	
6	15 0	7	s °	7 IJ 0	8	15 0	to	0 0	12	0 0	14	0 0	15	0 0		•—
2	7 6	2	zi 6	2 17 6	3	2 6	3	7 6		12 6	3	17 6		_	__	
3	18 0	4	5 0	4 13 ©	5	2 0	5	10 0	6	15 0	8	5 0		—-	—	-—
4	10 0	5	0 0	5 10 0	6	0 0	6	zo 0	8	0 c		10 0		”7		
5	*0 c	6	0 0	6 zo 0	7	0 0	7	10 0	8	0 c	8	zo 0				_
6	0 0	6	zo 0	700	7  1	10 0	8	0 0	8	10 0	9	0 0				
3	10 6	4	0 6	4 zo 0	5	0 0	5	12 6	6	6 0	7	0 0	)	0 0		
4	0 0	4	zo 0	500	5	12 6	6	6 0	7	0 0	8	0 0	to	0 0		——
6	0 0	6 10 0		700	7	10 0	8	0 0	9	0 0	3	0 c	9	zo 0		_ _
6	zo 0	7	0 0	7 zo 0	8	0 0	8	10 0	9 10 0		9	10 0	10	0 0		
%	5 0	2	zo 0	2 15 0	3	0 0	3	5 0	3	10 0	3	15 °	—		—	—
6	10 0	7	0 0	7 10 0	8	0 0	8	zo 0	9	0 0	9	10 0			-	—m
7	0 c	7	10 6	800	8	10 0	9	0 0	9	10 0	10	0 0		—	—	—

In the River Thames above Gravesend:

For a Boat of a Clafs carrying an Anchor £. s. of abo^e 4 cwt. with a corresponding Towline, th*e Rate	-	22

Ditto with an Anchor above 2 Cwt.

and corresponding Towline	z	it

Ditto with an Anchor under 2 cwt.

&c.	-	-	%	1	1

And for each Man’s Service in those Boats, iar.

d. 1 per Trip for the * whole Diftance Q I from Gravesend to London and 6	in Proportion for

any Part 6f that o	Diftance.

6d, per Tide#

AKf.i8o8.

to„kE of jtr'

wwnnaju.

Ct<M>

4«° GEO. Ji»—

g.G*»

/>*

Eay. „

^ •*j25fw'“iS

A/ *4* y,^‘



^rtS 10 ^ reCe’vet^ by the Pilots of the clinr fAJ^dipg t0 the Regulation* eftablilhed

From Under 17 Feet If Feet. 1 to 10 Feet.

rnpt

The I ftnvc&ttd

^ IfLongtefch -

'■iBhckvill or .	I London

Staodgate

Creek IGravefcnd

11 Feet.	12 Feet.	13 Feet.	14 Feet.
£• /• dm	£. s.d.	£, Im dm	£m /. dm
85O	900	9 15 °	10 10 0
9 0 0	9 if 0	TO 12 6	II 76
> 9 1 s 010 10 0		II IO O	1250
>4 4 °j 4 14 <5		550	s is 6

. N. B. One Fourth Part is to be added to the respective Ratesin the several fore-

' going Claffes for Ships not having Britifli Regifters.

For every Half Foot exceeding to Feet of the above Draughts of Water an in-. created Rate equal to the Medium between the Two Limits is to be paid, tor intermediate Diftances a proportionate Rate equal to Half the Difference between the Two Limits.	.

Ships and Veffels which shall be boarded by Pilots Wedward of the Downs are to pay the several Rates following:

'	£. /. d:

rl. From off Dungenefs to the Downs -	55 o

‘ 2. From the Weftward of Folkftone to the

Downs	-	-	4

3.	From the Weftward of Dover to the Downs 3

4.	From off Dover and Weftward of the South

Foreland to the Downs -	-	2

o

o

For putting a Pilot on board, and for Pilotage

to the Anchor- ]	  —-----------

age in the I 5. From off the South Foreland and to the 1 Northward of that Promontory to the Anchorage in the Downs, or for coming on board when at Anchor there -	1	1	o

Ships not having British Readers to pay One-fourth more of the Rates of Pilotage than is dated in this Table, except such as are chiefly ladeu with Con. or

other Provifions.

ag<

D<

owns.

i

1

To

A.D.i8o8,

48° GEO. IIL

C. 104;

353

SCHEDULE (B.)—continued.

A TABLE of the respective RATES to be received by the Pilots of the Cinque^Port Eftabli(hmenr> according to the Regulations established by this Aft.

To all the several Rates above mentioned shall be added £g per Cent* when the Number of Cinque Port Pilots {hall be increased to 140; £10 per Cent, when they shall be increased to x6p; and £20 per Cent, when they shall be increased . to 180; of which increased Numbers respectively. Notice shall be given by the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, or by ms Authority, in the London Gazette, and in one or more Newfpapers, circulating in the Counties of Mid* dlefex and Rent.

In the River above Gravef-end.

"For a Boat of a Clafs carrying an Anchor of above 4 Cwt. ^rith a corresponding Tow Line, the Rate	1 -

Ditto	with an	Anchor above

^	2	Cwt.	and corresponding Tow

‘ Line

Ditto	with ah	Anchor under

2 Cwt.,	&c.

And for each Man's Service in those Boats, ios. 6d. per Tide.

£• /. d

% 2

111 I I

Per Trip for the whole Diftance from Gravesend to London, and in proportion for any Part of this Diftance.

v

48 Geo, Iltr	A	*

SCHEDULE

A.D. i8o5.

354	C.io4^io(J.	4B0	GEO.	HI.

SCHEDULE (C.)

OATH to be taken by the Matter and Wardens of the Society of Cinque Port Pilots.

*	T A*TS, do swear, That I will diligently and impartially examine ‘ and inquire into the Capacity and Skill of

*	in the Art of piloting Ships and Veflels over the Flats and round

*	the Longfand Head, and up the Rivers of Thames and Medway ,

*	and into Ramfgate, Dover, Sandwich, and Margate Harbours, and < also upon the -Coaits of Flanders and Holland; and will make true

*	and speedy Return thereof to the Lord Warden of the Cinque

1 Ports for the Time being, or his Deputy,’ without Fayour, Af-4 section, Fee, or Reward.	So	help	me	GOD/

SCHEDULE (D.)

OATH to be taken by Sub-Commiifioners for Pilotage,

4 I A. B. do swear, That I will diligently and impartially ex*

*	1 amine into the Capacity and Skill of

4 in the Art of piloting Ships and Veflels into the Roadstead, Port, 4 or Harbour, and upon the Coafl following, videlicet, [here de* 4 ferihe the Limits within which the Perfon examined is intended to

*	a3 as a Pilot] and will make true and speedy Return thereof to

4 the Corporatiog^jM? rinity Houle of Deptford Strond> without Fa-4 your, AfFe&ion, Fee, or Reward, other than such Fee or Reward 4 as is allowed by the Bye Laws or Regulations duly established in 4 that Behalf*	So	help	me	GOD/

CAP. CV.

An A& to authorize His Majesty until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufaud eight hundred and'ninp, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.	[25th June	1808.3

46 G. 3< c. 30. to which this Ad is precisely Jtmilar.]

When Kills for

continuing Expiring k&M

ihall not pals before the A&s

expire, such A£h IhsU be continued from their Expiration ) Except as to ifeaaliier.

CAP. CVI.

An A ft to remedy the Inconvenience which has arisen, and may arise, from the Expiration of Acts, before the palling of A£ts to continue the fame.	[25th	June	1808.]

•	TTXHEREAS Bills for the continuing of A As in force only for 4 VV a limited Time have sometimes not palled before the Expir-

*	ation of the A& intended to be continued; and great Incon-4 venience may arise therefromBe it therefore enacted by the King’s moil Excellent Majelty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tliis pre-fent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the lame. That where any Bill may have been or Ihall be introduced into this prelent or any future Seflion of Parliament, for the Continuance of any A& which would expire in such Selfions, and such A& Ihall have expired before the Bill for continuing the lame Hull have received the

Royal

A«0» 18081

46* GEO. III.	C. io6y 107.	35$

Rcyal Afsent, such continuing Aft shall be deemed and taken to have Effect from the Date of the Expiration of the Aft intended to be. continued, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such continuing Aft had aftualiy passed before the Expiration of such Aft, except it shall be Otherwife especially provided in such continuing Aft: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein con* tained fhaJl extend, or be construed to extend, to affect any Perfon or Per fops with any Punifhment, Penalty, or Forfeiture whatsoever, by. reafoti of any Thing done or omitted to be done by any such Per* fon or Perfons contrary to the Provifion9 of the Aft so continued, between the Expiration of the fame and the Date at which the Aft continuing the lame may have received or shall receive the Royal Affent.

CAP. CVII.

An Aft to enable the Secretary at War to enforce the making of Returns from Clerks of Subdivisions, and others, in relation to Fines, Half Bounties, and Rcfidues of Sums due under certain Afts relating to the Defence of the Realm,' for the Purpofe of directing the Diftributioti thereof to the Perfons entitled thereto.	[25th	June	1808.]

9 \\J HE REAS large Sums of Money have from Time to Time, With refpvft to

*	W under the Authority of the Afts relating to the Militia, and Sams received 4 of a certain other Aft, passed in the Forty-third Year of His pre- Mihtjs,

*	fent Majesty, intituled. An A3 to enable Hi* Majesty more effcBualh tjle	**

c to raise and ajfemble in England an additional Military Force for toe A<fls,

4 better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the mitre 43 G. 3. r.82;

4 vigorous Profecution of the War, and of another Aft, palled in the 44 G. 3.e. 5$.

4 Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An AB for

*	eflallifhing and maintaining a permanent additional Force for the Dc-4 fence of the Realm, and tj provide for augmenting His Majejly*s Re*

4 gular Foroes, and for the gradual Redudion of the Militia of Eng*

4 land, been paid into and#now remain in the Hands of Clerks of Sub-4 division Meetings, and other Perfons; which Sums ought to be paid 4 and distributed to the Perfons entitled thereto: But by reason ol the 4 want of proper Returns, and of the Infufficiency of the Returns 4 made, and the want of adequate Powers for enforcing Returns relat*

4 ing to such Sums of Money, such Sums cannot be distributed ;* be it therefore enacted by the King's moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temr poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the fame, That it fh*U be lawful for the Secretary Secretary it Wat at War to require all or any Clerks of General or Subdivilion Meet- maycalltw ings, or Perfons who shall have acted as Clerks of General or Sub- Returntfirom division Meetings in the Execution of any of the said recited Afts, or their Reprefentatives, and also all and any Perfons in whose Hands jJjeetinm ^ any Fines or Moieties of Fines paid under any of the said recited	9

Afts, or any Monies arising from any Half Parts or Refidues of any Sums of Money paid by or on account of any Perfons baUotted to •ferve in the Militia or additional Force, for the engaging of any .Subftitutes or Volunteers to be enrolled in their Head, shall have been deported, or to whom any such Fines, Moietiep of Fines, Half

A a a	fans

AJ). 1808.

3S*

C.107.

48° GEO. IIL

Penalty on NegieA in

making Return?, or onUng ffclfe Return*, Sol.

On Order from Secretary at War due Payment flaaM be made of Monica appearing by the Returns to be in the Hands of the said , Clerk*, Stc*

For Recovery and Application of Penalties by Action.

Penalties, ice. •maybe recovered (unmanly in the Exchequer, and levied by 3?»ltxingaa.

Parts or Refidues'as aforesaid, shall have been transferred or paid, to make such Return or Returns of all Monies arising from such . Fines, Half Parts or Refidues of any such Sums of Money as afore-laid, received by or paid to or deposited in the Hands of any such Clerks or other Perfons, and of all Matters and Particulars relating thereto, or the Payment of any Part thereof to any Perfons entitled thereto, as the Secretary at War shall deetn from Time to Time necessary for enabling him to make order for the Diftribution thereof, and Payment of the fame, to the Perfons intitled thereto $ and all such Returns shall be made out in such Form, and shall contain such Particulars as shall be directed by the Secretary at War, or the Deputy Secretary at War, for that Purpofe.

II.	And be it further enacted, That every such Clerk or other Per-fon called upon to make such Returns as aforesaid, who shall wilfully refule or neglect to make such Return for Ten' Days after receiving any Requidtion for that Purpofe from the Secretary at War, or Deputy Secretary at War, or mall wilfully insert in any such Return any false Statement of any Matter required by the. Secretary at War, under the Authority of this Ad, to be dated therein, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

III.	And he it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the said Secretary at War, by any such Return, or other wife, that any Monies are remaining in the Hands of any such Clerk or other Per-fon as aforesaid, which ought to be distributed ot paid over to any other Perfons under any of the fai<f recited Ads, it shall be lawful for the said Secretary at War, or the Deputy Secretary at War, to make an Order upon such Clerk or other renon as aforesaid to pay over the fame; and every such Clerk or other Perfon as aforesaid, having any such Money as aforesaid in his Hands, who shall wilfully neglect or refuse to pay over any such Money according to any such Order of the Secretary at War, or the Deputy Secretary at War, within Ten Days after receiving the fame, shall forfeit for every such Negled or Refufal, the Sum of One hundred Pounds and double the Amount of the Money so remaining in his Hands.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That all. Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by this Ad, may be recovered either in the Manner hereinafter directed, or by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, at the Suit of His Majcfty’s Attorney Genera), in any of His Matefty’s Court9 of Record at Wejlminjler> or the Court of Great Seifion in the Principality of IVair i, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Cbetter 9 Lancqflcr> and Durham, as the Cafe* may require,

-wlitrein no Effoign, Privilege, Protedion, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and such Fine, Penalty, and Forfeiture, when recovered, shall go and be applied to the Ufe of His Majesty.

V.	Provided always,* and be it further enacted, That in every Cafe in which any such Clerks of Subdivifioij Meetings or other Perfons whatsoever, having in their Hands any such Fines, Moieties of Fines, Half Parts, or Refidues of such Sums of Money as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to make any such Return as is preferibed by this Ad within Ten Days after such Requifition as aforesaid, or (hall* make an-u itrue Return as aforesaid, or shall not, within TcA Days after receiving any Order for the Payment over of any Money as aforesaid, pay the fame according to such Order, it shall be lawful for His Ms-

• 7	jefty’i

AD.iSoff.	48°	GEO.	III.	C. 107—109.	357

jetty’* Court of Exchequer, and such Court it hereby authorized, on the Application of His Majefty’s Attorney General by Motion to the said JCourt, in a summary Way to hear and determine the-Matter of such Application 5 and if upon Notice of such Application to tho ' Clerk of tne Subdivifion Meetings or other Perfon aforesaid, in respect of whom such Application shall have been made, no sufficient Caufe shall be (hewn for such Default,* Negleft, or Omiffion as aforesaid, if shall be lawful for the laid Court of Exchequer to aiTefs such Penalties and Fine respectively as are herein-before imposed, and to cause the fame respectively to be levied by D\jlr\ngas% or other Pro-cefs applicable to the Nature of the Cate, .according to the Rules and Praftice of such Court, •	•

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such Perfous making ’ Clerk or other Perfon, duly making all such Returns as shall be re- Ret«n»aand

ijuired of him under the Authority of this Aft, and duly and faith-ully paying over all Money according to any such Order as afore-faidf shall be and is hereby indemnified against and released and ,dif- from all funner charged from all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Suits to lyhich he might Fcnaluaa.' \ have been liable by any former Afts, for any Negleft in making Re-' turns, or in not paying over any such Money as aforesaid; any Thing jn any Aft or Afts to the contrary notwithstanding.

'	1

CAP. CVIIfc An Aft for carrying into complete Execution and EfFeft certain Provifions contained in an Aft pafied in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for making Compenfation t• the Patentee Officers of the Pleas Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland» as far as respects the Compenfation to John MtClintoek, and William Fofter M'Clintock Esquires,

Patentee Officers of the Office of Serjeant at Arms of the 4aid Court of Exchequer.	[25th	June	1808.]

44 43 G. 3. c. 53. $ 9,10. recited.—Amount of Fees and Emoluments 44 received by Meflrs. Unlock may be ascertained as under § 9.

44'of recited Aft within Three hfontns after passing this Aft. § I.

44 Commissioners for auditing publick Accounts in Ireland, shall en-44 quire into Diminution 01 luck Fees, and the Amount, on their 44 Certificate to the Tre^fury, shall become a Charge on the Con-44 folidated Fund of Ireland, § 2. I See § 10. of recited AS.)—Pub-44 lick Aft, § 3.”

CAP. CIX,

An Aft to regulate the Trade between Great Britain and the Portuguefe Territories, on the Continent of South America.

[25th June 1808.]

‘ YTT HERE AS by an Aft, pafied in the present Seffion pf Par- 41 G.a. c. 11-4 - VV liament, intituled. An AS for permitting the Importation of 4 Goods from the Portuguefe Territories on the Continent of South 4 America, in Portuguefe Shipst any Goods, Wares, or Merchan- -4 dize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufafture of the said Terri- •

4 tones and Pofieffions (which are not prohibited by Law, to be im-	* •

4 ported from Foreign Countries) are permitted to be imported into

Aa3	4	this

A.D. (809*

H*.

C.109.

48* GEO. m.

Goods of the Giomh of Brazil, &c. (not prohibited) irapoited in Briufh-built Ships or in VefTeU described in recited Afk may be Landed on Payment of the lowest Duty, payable on the like Goods from other Foreign Countries; in

Britifhor Foreign Bottoms, refpe&irely.

Brazilian Tobacco shall be subject to the fame Duty as Tobacco imported by British Subje&s fromBriufh Coionics, and Brazilian Snuff to the fame Duty as if imported from Europe, &c. and may be warehoused and exported fdbjed to Duties under 48 G. 3. c. 96. and under the Regulations of 29 G* 3. c. 68. and 30 G. 3, t* 40.

€ this Kingdom, in such Foreign Ships or Veffels as are therein de«

*	scribed: And whereas it is expedient that Relief should also be

*	given with respect to the Duties payable on certain Articles being

*	of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the said Territories

*	or Pofsessions, imported into»Great Britain; May it therefore please 4 Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the* Advice and Con-fent of the ftords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority' of the fame, That from and after the palling of this ACt,’ any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, being ot the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of Brazil, or any other Territories or Poffeflions of the Crown' of Portugal in South America (which are not prohibited by Law from being imported from Foreign Countries V, and which shall have been or fhallbe imported dircCtly into Great Britain, either in 2?ri///&-built Ships or Veffels, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, or in such Ships or Veffels as are in the said recited ACt particularly described,* shall and may be entered and landed on Payment of such Duties of Quftoms and Exrife, and no higher, as are payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the like Denomination or De-» scription, upon their Importation into Great Britain from any other Foreign Country 5 and in Cafes where different Duties are imposed upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the like Denomination or Defcfiption, imported from different Foreign Countries, then upon Payment of the lowest Duties which by Law are required to be paid on the Importation into Great Britain of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize from any other Foreign Country: Provided always, that where any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize are imported from Brazil, or any of* the said Territories or Poffeflioiri in any Ship or Veffel not' being Britifh-built, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize ihall be fub-jeCt and liable to the Duties due and payable on limilar Articles when imported in such Ship from any other Foreign Country.

II. And be it further ena&cd, That any Tobacco being the Growth or Production of Brazil, or of any other Territories or Pof-feffions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, ipay be imported into Great Britain in Britifh-built Ships or Veffels, or in such Ships or Veffels as are deferibed in the said recited Adi, upon Payment of the fame*Duties of Cuftoms and ExcHe, as Tobacco imported by British Subjeds from any Britfh Colony or Plantation in America is subject to; and that any Snuff being the Manufa&ure and Produce tion of Brazil, or of any of the faia Territories or Pofsessions, may be imported into Great Britain in Manner before mentioned, upon Pay. mtnt of such Duties of Cuftoms and Excife as Snuff being the Production or Manufacture of Europe, imported from Europe, is or hereafter may be fubjedfc to, and may be warehoused and again exported without the Payment of any Duty on the Exportation thereof, ex* cept the Duties imposed by an Ad, paired in this Selfion of Parlia* meat, intituled, An AH for granting to His 'Majefly until the End of the next Sefjion of Parliament, Duties of Cvfioms on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated, in furtherance of the Provifieni of certain Orders in Couneil, such Tobacco and Snuff to be subject re* fpe&ively nevertheless to all and lingular the Regulations, ReftridtionS, Penalties and Forfeitures relating to the Importation and Exportation

thereof.

A.D. i8o8<

359

48° GEO. HI.	C.	109.

thereof, or in any other Refpeft relating thereto* of an A£k» made and palled in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of Hie present Majesty, intituled, An Jf3 for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snujft a*d for granting new Duties in lieu • thereof; and of another Act, palled in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An AS to explain and amend an Ad9 made in the loft Sejfion of Parliament, intituled, 4 An A3 for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and 4 Snuff andfor granting new Duties in lieu thereof ;* dr of any other A€t since made relating thereto: Provided always, that nothing in this ASt contained, fhaU extend or be construed to extend to repeal or anywise -alter the Duties of Package, Scavage, Balliage or Portage, or any other Duties payable to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London9 or to the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or to any other City or Town Corporate within the Kingdom of Great Britaint or to repeal or anywise alter any Special Privilege or Exemption to which any Perfon or Per* ions. Bodies Politico or Corporate, is or are now entitled by Law.

“ Duties shall be levied and applied as other Duties of Cuftoms and u Excife. § 3.”

IV.	And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares, o% Mer- Drrofttrks on

chandize so imported from Braxilf or. any other Territories or Pof- Exportation of feffioos of the Crown of Portugal in South America, shall upon the Goo^ so Exportation thereof from Great Britain be entitled to the fame Draw-	Goods*

backs as are allowed by Law upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, tothe Brails, and Merchandize of the like Denomination and Description, when

exported from Great Britain; and that there shall be aHowedLaitd paid the fame Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize exported from Great Britain to Braxilf or any other of the Territories or Pofleffions of the Crown of Portugal in South Americat or any of them, as are allowed by Law upon the Exportation of Goocfs, Wares, or Merchandize of the like Denomination or Description, to any of the I Hands, Plantations, or Colonics belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, in America.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Goods not this AA shall extend or be condrued to extend to exempt any Goods* k)c tempted Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture

of Braxilf or of any of the Territories or Dominions of Portugal oa ^q9 3. £ a*, the Continent of Americaf from the Payment of any of the Duties imposed by an A6t of the present Sefiion of Parliament, intituled An A3 for granting to His Majesty until the End of the next SeJJton of Parliament, Duties of Cufloms on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumeratedf in furtherance of the Provijions of certain Or-ders in Council•

VI.	4 And whereas by an Aft palled in the Forty-fhird Year of the 43 G. 3.«. 13*.

•	Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An A3 for permitting cer-4 tain Goods imported into Great Britain, to be secured in Warcboufee 4 without Payment of Duty ; it is enacted, That certain Articles en-4 umerated in the Table marked (A.) annexed to the said ACt, may 4 be secured in Warehoufes belonging to the West India Dock Com-

f pany without Payment of Duty : And whereas it is expedient to •

*	extend the laid Indulgence, and to allow such Articles being the 4 Growth and Produce of Braxilf or any other Territories or Pof-4 sessions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, and imported

A a 4	'	4	dire&ly

3$o

Commiffioners ofCuftoms may direct Articles from the Brazils to be secured inWtreboafef of the West India Docks or London Docks, as under.

43 G. 3. c. 132. Schedule (A.)

After 1 June 1809, Annual Bounty of 3U per Ton (not exceeding 100) to Owners (or Hirers) of certain Buffet employed in the DeepSra Bririfh White Herring Fifheiy.,

C.109, no.	48°	GEO.	ni.	A«D.i8o§.

1 difiefily from thence, to be secured in Warehouse* belonging either ' ■ to the London Dock Company or to the West India Dock Com*

‘ panybe it therefore enaoed, That it shall be lawful for the Com-nuffioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms in England, or anyThree or more of them, to direft any of the Articles enumerated or deferibed in the Table marked (A.) annexed to the said recited Adi, being of the Growth or Produce of Brazil, or any other Territories or Poffeffions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, and imported directly from thence, to be secured either in the Warehouses belonging to the West India Dock Company, or in the Warehouses belonging to the London Dock -Company,, without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid, on Application being made fot that Purpofe to the laid Commissioners, by the Owners, Proprietors, or Confignees of any such Goods, any Thing in the said recited Adi, or in any other Aft or Adis of Paniament, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that all such Goods so secured in any of the ^Warehoufes belonging to either of the said Dock Companies, {hall have the fame Benefits and shall be subject and liable to the fame Rules, Regula-tions, Conditions, Securities, and Reftridlions, Penalties and Forfeitures,-as the like Goods if secured m the Warehoufes belonging to the West India Dock Company would have been, or would be Fubjeftand liable, to, by any Aftor Adis of Parliament in force at the Time of palling this Aft*	\

CAP. CX.

An A St for the further Encouragement and better Regulation of the Britifb White Herring Filhery, until the First: Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament.

[25th Jtnte i8o8.]t

« TT 7 HE REAS the Improvement of the Britifb White Herring

<	W Fiiheries is an Objedl of moil essential Importance to the

<	Wealth and commercial Profperity, as well as to the Naval

*	Strength of this Kingdom, for the Attainment of which it is ex-

*	pedient, that more effectual Regulations ihould be made, in order

<	to the insuring a due and proper Attention to the curing, Sotting,

*	and packing of White Herrings* that the Credit of the Britifb Fifli-

*	erie8 in our Colonies and in Foreign Parts may be maintained;9 be it therefore enacted by the King’s moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen. ofthe Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aiTembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, a Bounty of Three Poundspir Ton shall be paid annually in the Manner herein-after preferibed, to the Owner or Owners of any whole decked Bufs or VeiTel of not less than Sixty Tons Burthen, being Britifb-built, owned in Great Britain, and mapnedt. navigated, and registered according to Law, which shall be fitted out for and be actually employed in the Deep Sea Bri* tijb White Herring Fiihery on the Coafts of Great Britain or Ireland, in the Manner ana under the Regulations preferibed by this Aft; •provided, that such Bounty shall not, in respect of any Bufs or VefTel, be computed or paid on any greater Number of Tons than

One

48* GEO. in.

C110.

3(1

One hundred, although such Bufs or Veflel shall be of greater Bur* then: Provided always that if any Bufs or VeiTel properly fitted for the,Deep Sea White.Herring Fi/hery in the Manner required by this A&, /hall be hired for carrying on the said Fi/hery, the Perfoa or Perfocs hiring the Came /hall be entitled to the Bounty on the Tonnage thereof io the fame Manner as if such Perfon or Perfons was or were Owner or Owners of such Bufs or VeiTeL

II. And be it further enacted, That no Veffel /hall be deemed or considered to be employed in the Deep Sea Herring Fi/hery9 unless the Nets /hall be attached to the Veffel while they are fet, and /hall be (hot directly from and hauled into the fame without the Inter*, mention or Ufp of a (mall Boat for that Service, the VeiTel not being at Anchor while the Crew are /hooting the Nets, nor during the Time they are fet, nor while the Crew are hauling or taking them in, nor unless the Herrings caught or taken in the Manner' afore/aid, /hall receive their First. Cure on board such Vcffels in Barrels and not in Bulk. ■■	'	.

til. And be it further enacted. That from and after the said First Day of June One tboufa id eight hundred and nine, there shall be. paid for every Barrel containing Thirty-two Gallons of White Herrings, caught in the Brifijb Fifheries and landed in Great Britain, and which shall be cured and packed according to the Dire&ions of this Adt, a Bounty.pf Two Shillings.	1

IV. « And whereas by Two several Adis paifed in the Thirteenth 4 Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, it was

*	amoqgft other Things provided, that it mould be lawful for His •'Majefiy, His Heirs and Succefibrs, by Letters Patent uniter the

*	Great Seal, appointed by the Treaty of Union to be kept in Scot* 4 land in place .of the Great Seal thereof, to nominate and appoint 4 any Number of Perfons resident in. Scotland, not exceeding the K Number of Twenty-one, to be Truftecs for overseeing, directing, 4 and better improving the Linen and Hempen Manufactures within 4 that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, with Power to the said 4 Truftecs, or any Number of them, by the laid Letters Patent to 4 be determined, to assemble at such Place or Places, and to fiake

*	fuch Rules and Orders for the Improvement of the said Manufac-4 tures, and for preventing Abufea therein, as they shall think ex-4 pedient, coniiflent with the true Intent and Meaning of that Adi, 4 and with the Laws and Statutes of the Realm; and also to appoint 4 the fame Number of Perfons to ber Truftees and Commifiioneft for 4 managing and directing the Application of the Sums in t he laft-men-4 tioned otthe said A&s, according to the Plan and Method that should 4 be fettled and eftabli/hed as therein mentioned, and for executing the 4 several Powers and Authorities which by the said Letters Patent /hall 4 to them be committed by His Majesty, His Heirs cr Succefibrs:

*4 Atid whereas it is expedient that the Number of Truftees or Com* 4 miffioners by the said Adis so limited, should, for the Purpofes of 4 this A&, be increased:’ be it therefore enacted, That from and after the rafting of this. Adi, it /hall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Succefibrs, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, appointed by the Treaty of Union to be kept in Scotland in

«lacc of the Great Seal thereof, to inercafe the Number of the (aid 'ruftees to Twenty-eight.

What Vefleb fluU be deemed employed in ihs Deep Sea FUhoy,

per Barrel on White Herrings landed and rand. (See § 36, &c.)

19Gr.I.C.3*.

4 18. and c. 30.

4 2. for appoints ingTWnty-one-Truftetsof Linen and Hemp Mazm-ft&urea ia Scotland.

Number of Cud Truftees may be inaeafed to Twenty-eight.

• And

$6%	C.itv.	48°	GEO.	III.	A.I>.i8o9.

His M^jefty miy appoint Seven of the (aid Truftcea to be Comraiffioners for the White Herring Filhery.

©athol V U Coinmiiiiotiers for the Herring Fifhery.



Said Com-miffionenfhall make annual Reports to the General Board c»f Truftees and 10 Pariianeut.

V.	And be it farther enacted, That it shall be'lawful far His Mk-jefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, appointed by the Treaty of Union to be kept in Scotland in place of the Great Seal thereof, to nominate and appoint any Number of such Truftees or Commissioners as aforesaid, not exceeding Seven, to be Commissioners specially for overseeing, diresting, and better improving the White Herring Fifhery, with Power to thru* or any Number of them by the said Letters Patent to be determined, to execute or cause to be executed the Provifions of this Aft in the Manner herein mentioned, and for that Purpofe to appoint a Secretary, and such Clerks and other Officers under them (the Number of such Clerks and other Officers being first approved of by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury or any Three of them) as they the said Commissioners to be appointed for the Herring Fifhery shall think fit; and also that it shall be lawful for the said Lords Commiffionera of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to dineft such Salaries or Allowances, and all such other Expences as shall be incurred in the Execution of this Aft* to be paid to such Secretary, Clerks, and other Officers, as the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall approve of; provided always, that no Perfon shall aft as a Com-miffioner under the Authority of this A61, who shall be concerned directly or indirectly in the White Herring Fifhery.

VI.	And be it farther enacted, That the said Commiffionen for the Herring Fifhery, to he .appointed by virtue of this Aft, before they proceed in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities veiled in them by this A61 (fave only the Power of administering the Oath berein-after mentioned) shall severally take and subscribe the following Oath; that is to fay,

4 t A* B. do swear, That I will faithfully and honestly, according 1 * to the bed of my Skill and Judgment, execute the several Pow-4 ers and Trufts reposed in me, by an Aft pafTed in the Forty-4 eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third,

4 intituled, An Aft {here insert the Title of this AH'} according to the 4 Terms and'Purport of the said Aft ; and that I am not, directly or 4 indirectly, concerned as an Adventurer in the White Herring Fifhery 4 or as a Curer of Herrings, nor will I, so long as'I shall continue to ( ad as a Commiffioner under the said Aft, be concerned, either • 4 directly or indirectly, as an Adventurer in the said Fifhery or as a 4 Curer of Herrings.	4	So help me GOD.4

Which Oath any One of the laid Commissioners may administer to the other or others of them.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for

the Herring Fifhery, appointed by virtue of th^s Aft shall, and they are hereby required to deliver in annually, on the Firll Day of June in every Year, to the Eoard of Truftees or Commissioners for Fifheriea and Manufaftures in Scotland, appointed in pursuance of the above recited Acts, a full and accurate Report of their Proceedings for the Year preceding, and shall also cause to be laid before each House of Parliament, within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of every Seffion, a Copy of the said Report, signed by the laid Commissioners of the Herring Fifhery.	x

VIII.	And be it fuither enacted, That it shall be lawful for die

4	Lord*

C.tio.

48® GEO. III.

3«3

Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to appoint a Commi&oned Admiralty fla! Officer in His Majefiy’s Navy as Superintendant of the Fifhery de- *Pj^int 4 scribed in this A€t as the Deep Sea Fifhery, for the Purpofe of cauf- Smwlnandwit . ing the fame to be carried on according to the Regulations of this ofihe &i<J l)«p Ad, and also as well for preserving Order among the Perfons em- Sat British ployed therein, as for protecting them and their Veflels. again ft Ene* White. Heiring xnies, which Perfon so to be appointed Superintendant, shall annu- Elba*. ally proceed in a proper Veflel or Veflels of sufficient Force, to be provided for that Purpose, to Brajfey Sound in Shetland (which is hereby appointed to be the Place of Rendezvous of the said Deep Sea Briiijb White Herring Fifhery) so as to arrive there before the Fifteenth Day of June9 and the said Superintendant iliall remain with the Veflels which ftiall be employed in the Fifhery during the Cone tinuance thereof for the Seafon ; and shall, as often as he shall be required transmit to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty and to the Commissioners for the Fiftiery, a Lift of the Bufles or Veflels employed in the said Fifhery, together with the Number and Ages of the Men employed on board thereof, diftinguiftiing the Capacities in which they respectively aft,

IX.	And be it further enacted, That the Officer who shall be

appointed Superintendant as afore said, iliall take and fubferibe the Oath following, which Oath any One of the Cotnmiflioners for the Fifhery, or any Juftice of the Peace, shall be authorized to adininifter:	.'

* I	do	fokmnly	swear,	That'	I	am not, dire611 y or indircdUy, Oath of

4 concerned a3 an Adventurer in the White Herring Fiftiery or in Supemitcnlftnt.

4 any other Fifhery, or as a Curer of Fifli 5 and that I will not be 4 concerned therein, either dire£Uy or indirectly, during the Time I 4 ftiall a£fc as Superintendant of the White Herting ,Fiftiery.

1	* So help me GOD.*

X.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Treasury shall Commiffioners* of His Majcfty’s Treasury, or any Three or iriore of appoint Office*?* them, to appoint Perfons at the respective Places on* the Coaft of of the FiOwry; Great Britain, where Herrings are caught or cured, and at the Ports

or Places where Veflels are usually fitted out for the Br'uijh Herring Commiffioneiit* Fifhery, and where Veflels employed in the said Fifhery usually dil- the Fifhay. charge their Cargoes, and also at the PoTts of Exportation, to overlook the curing of all Herrings caught, to take an Account of and clear out ail Salt, Nets, Barrels, and other Stores {hipped or put on board any Bufs, Vcffel, or Boat for the said Fifhery, and to infpe& and take Account of all Herrings landed or exported, and to certify whether the Fifh are properly pined, cured, and paeked, so as to be entitled to the Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel hereby granted, or fit to be exported ; provided always, that no Perfon shall be ap-' pointed an Officer for the Performance of -any of those Duties unless Inch Perfon shall have exercised the Trade of a Cooper, and been . employed in the curing and packing of Herrings, and shall be skilful therein, and fully qualified to execute the Duties which will be required of him under the Provifions of this A6t, Certificates of which ’Qualifications shall be transmitted to the Lords Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, by such Perfons and in such Manner as shall be fatisfaefory to the said Lords Comiffioners; and every such Officer, so to be appointed, shall obey such Initruttious, Orders, or Directions

as

3^4 -

Oath of Officers of the Ftthery and'Secretary, Officer* and CMt>,

9io Net shalt be •fed having a Meffi oi lei* than One Inch.

Penalty 40l.,&c.

How Bu(Tea (hull be fitted out to entitle them to claim the Bounty on Tonnage*

C. no:'	48°	GEO.	m.	.	AJ).i8oS»

as he shall from Time to Time receive from the laid Commiflioners for the Herring Filhery, to be appointed by virtue of this Aft, signified under their Hands or under the Hand of their Secretary,

XI.	And be it further enacted, That the Secretary^ and every Clerk or Officer of the Fifhery to be appointed by virtue of this Aft,

'(hall be liable to be suspended or difnuflfd from his Office or Em* ployment respectively, by the said Commiflioners for the Herring Fifhery, either for Incompetency or for Negleft of Duty; provided always, that every such Officer of the Fifhery, and the Secretary, and every Officer and Clerk under the Commiflioners for the Herring Fifhery, appointed by virtue of this Aft, shall, previous to his entering upon the Duties of his Office, take andfubferibe the follow? ing Oath:

*	T A* B. do swear, That I • will faithfully and honestly, according

*	A to ti e best of my Skill and Judgment, execute the Office ana

*	Truft committed to me, of [the Name of the Office to he here met1-

*	tioned} and that I am not, directly or mdirectly, concemed-as an

*	Adventurer in the White Herring Fifhery, or in any other Fifhery, 9 or as a Curer of Fifh, nor will I, so long as I shall continue to aft as

*	[the Name of the Office to be here mentioned] be concerned, either

f directly or indirectly, as an Adventurer in the said Fifhery or as a < Curer of Fifh.	* So help me GOD.9

Which Oath any One of the said Commiflioners for the Herring Fifhery may administer to such Officer.

XII.	And be it further enacted. That from and after the Find Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, no Perfon shalt use in any Riv$r or Lock or at Sea, in or oh the Coaft of Great Britainr, any Herring Net, or any Traul Net, Drag Net or other Sea Net for the taking of Herrings, which hath k Mefh of less than One Inch from Knot to Knot, or any false or double Bottom Cod or Pouch, or shall put any Net, though of legal Size, behind the. pthers to destroy the small Fifh, and that every Perfon offending herein shall forfeit every fuch* Net as aforesaid, and the Sum of Forty Pounds for every such Offence ; and it shall be lawful for Ac Commiflioners for the Herring Fifhery, to be appointed pursuant to this Aft, to cause every such Net to be burnt.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That no Bufs or Veflel fhaU be deemed to be properly fitted out for, and to be duly employed in the British Deep Sea White Herring Fifhery, so as to entitle the Owner or Owners to any Bounty on the Tonnage thereof by virtue of this Aft, unless such Bufs or Veflel shall have on board (put up in new Barrels) Sixteen Bushels of Salt at the least for every Laft of Herrings which Tuch Bufs or Veflel shall be capable of containing, and also as many ihore ne\y Barrels as such Bufs or Veffel is capable of carrying ; nor unless such Bufs or Veflel shall have on board Three hundred Square Yards of Netting at the least for every Ton of her Admeafure-ment, together with the customary Quantity of othef Materials, for the Equipment and mounting of the Quantity of Netting hereby required to be provided; nor unless such Bufs or Veflel shall be manned with the Number of Men following at the least: that is to fay, with Ten Men if such Bufs or Veflel shall not exceed the Burthen of Sixty Tons ; if she shall exceed the Burthen of Sixty Tons, and shall be under the Burthen of Seventy Tons, with Eleven Men; and if

fuck

A*D.i8oft»

48° GEO/ in.	C.ixo,	$6$

fuch Bufs .or Veffel shall be of the Burthen of Seventy Tons' or ^upwards, then with One Man more for every Ten Tons by which such -Bufs or Veffel shall exceed Seventy Tons, Two of which Number re-fpe&ively may be foreign Seamen experienced in the Deep Sea Her* nog Fifhery, any Thing in any Law to the contrary not with (landing 5	,

provided always, that no Buis or Veffel which shall exceed the Burthen of One hundred Tons, shall be required to have on board any greater Quantity of Salt, or of Netting or Materials for the mounting thereof, or any greater Number of Men, than a Veffel of the Burthen of One hundred Tons is hereby required to have on board, or any greater Number than Five hundred Barrels; provided also, that it (nail not be deemed necefTary for any Bufs or Veflel to have on^ board the full Number of Men hereby required, until her Arrival at the Rendezvous of the (aid Deep Sea Fifhery.

XIV.	And be it further enabled, That in order to entitle th£ Defcription of Owner of every Bufs or Veflel who shall claim any Bounty on the the Voyage to Tonnage thereof, to receive the fame by virtue of this Ad, such mad* ty kufles Bufs or Veflel shall be cleared Out from the Port in Great Britain

where such Bufs or Veflel was bond fide fitted for her intended Voyage, Bounty. and shall proceed directly to Brajfey Sound in Shetland, where (he shall arrive on or before the Twenty-fecond Day of June in each 1 Year, and the Crew shall not (hoot or wet the Nets before the Twenty-fourth Day of the fame Month, from which Day they shall Continue to fish in Manner herein described on the Goans of Great Britain or Ireland\ until the Fifteenth Day of September following, unlels before the lad-mentioned Day the Quantity of Herrings taken in the said Bufs or Veflel, »and cured and packed on board thereof,

(hall amount to Four Barrels of Herrings not repaeked, or in the State in which they are called'Sea Sticks, Tor every Ton not exceeding One hundred Tons of the' Admeasurement of such Bufs or Veflel 5 and that no Fifh other than Herrings shall be taken or cured by the Crew of such Bufs* or Veflel, nor shall any Fifh not taken by the Crew thereof be received on board the fame, during the whole Courfe of the Voyage, save only for the Suflenance of tne Crew; and that all the Herrings which mall be taken by the Crew of such Bufs or Veflel, and cured and packed on board thereof, shall be landed in Great Britain.

XV.	And be it further enacted. That the Owner or Owners or Regulations ^

any One of thm, or the Agent of the Owner or Owners of any fitting and detr-Bufs or Veflel who shall intend to fit out the fame for the Deep Sea ingout Buffes-at British White Herring Fifhery, and in respect thereof to claim any *h* I*0'1 Bounty on the Tonnage thereof by virtue of this A£t, shall give No-	™

tice thereof in Writiug under'his or their Hand or Hfmde, to the

Officer of the Fifhery appointed in that Behalf at or for the Port or Place where such Bufs or Veflel shall be intended to be fitted out, and shall in such Notice fpccify the Name of such Bufs or Veflel,

' the Port to which Ihe belongs, whether (he was actually built in the • British Dominions, or was, taken, and condemned as lawful Prize; the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners and of the Mailer thereof respectively, the Tonnage thereof according to the Regiiler, and * the Date of the Regiflry of such Veflel; and shall also therein declare, that the said Bufs or Veflel is sufficient, and in every Refpe& fit and proper for such Voyage and Fifhingas aforesaid; and shall fpe-cifv alio fne Quantity of Salt, the whole Number of Barrels, dillin-gulfhing thole which-are filled with Salt from those which are empty;

g/56

C. no.

48° GEO. III.

A.D.1808.

Owner or Agent, Hid Matter,, ' AmO nakeOatk,

aid give Bond.

the Quantity of Netting with Materials for mounting the fame, and the Quantities and Sorts of Prorifions for the Crew during the Voy-age, which shall be intended to be shipped or put on board such Bufs or Veflel; and the Officer to whom such Notice shall be given, or fucb other Officer as shall be thereunto duly appointed, shall go on board such Bufs or Veflel, and view the Condition thereof, and shall examine the Regifter to ascertain the Accuracy of the Statement of her Tonnage, and also shall examine and take Account of the Quantity of Salt, and of the several and rcfpe&ive Sorts of Stores and Provifione Rated to be intended to be put on board such Bufs or Vefiel in such Notice, and shall fee the fame shipped or put on board accordingly ; and if it shall appear to him that such Buis or Veflel is sufficient, and in every Refpe& fit and proper for such a Voyage, and is (toned, victualied, and fitted out in Terms of such Notice, and according to the Regulations of this A&, the said Officer shall certify the fame on the Back of the Notice, ami One or more of the Owners or their Agent, and the Matter of such Bufs or Veflel, shall respectively make Oath before an Officer of the Fifhery, that it is * trifly his determined Puq>o(e that such Bufs or Veflel as then furnilhed and provided, shall forthwith, after Licence shall be granted, proceed to Brajfey Sound in Shetland, and be there on or before the Twenty-fecond Day of June, having on board not less than such a Number of Men (to be mentioned in the Oath) as such Bufs or Veflel is hereby required to have on board, and shall not (hoot or wet her Nets before the Twenty-fourth Day of the fame Month of June, and shall ii(h for Herrings in the Deep Sea Fifliery iu Manner following; that is to fay, the Crew shall (hoot and haul the Nets dirc&ly from and into the said Bufs or Veflel, without the Intervention or Ufe of a small Boat? the Nets being attached to the Veflel while they are fet, the Veflel not being at Anchor when the Crew are (hooting the Nets, during the Time tnevNets are fet, nor while the Crew are hauling or taking them in ; and shall cure all the Herrings taken or caught in the said Nets in Barrels and not in Bulk on board such Bufs or Veflel, and that the Crew of the said Bufs or Veflel shall so continue fishing in the Deep Sea British White Herring Fifhery, upon the Coatts of Great Britain or Ireland, in an orderly and regular Manner, and without impeding or obstructing the Crew of any other Veflel which shall be employed in the said Fifhery, from the (aid Twenty-fourth Dav of June until the Fifteenth Day of September in every Year, unless before the latt-mentioned Day the Herrings taken or caught and cured in Manner aforesaid by the Crew of the said Bufs or Veflel, shall amount to or exceed the Proportion of Four Bapnels of Herrings not re-paeked, or in the State io which they are commonly called Sea Sticks, and that no Fifh other than Herrings shall be taken or cured by the Crew of such Bufs or Veflel, nor any Fi(h not caught or taken by the Crew thereof received on board the fame, during the whole Courle of the Voyage, save only for the Suttenance of the Crew during the Voyage, and that all the Herrings which shall be taken by the Crew of luch Bufs or Veflel, and cured and packed on board thereof, shall be landed in Great Britain, which Oaths, fubferibed by the respective Parties making the fame, and also the said Notice, with such Certificate indorsed thereon as aforesaid, shall be tranfmftted by the said Officer to the Com-miffioners to be appointed pursuant to this A&, and the Matter of the said Bufs or Veflel; and the Owner or One of the Owners, or the Agent of the Owners, shall with One or more sufficient Surety

or

0

AJ).i8o$*	48* GEO. III.	OL110.

Or Sureties, enter into Bond to His Majesty, His -Heirs and Sue. cefiors, in a Sum equal to Treble the Amount of the Bounty computed on the Tonnage of fnch Bufs or Veffel (which Bon'd any Officer of the Fifliery is hereby authorized and required to take, and which shall be exempt from the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Paper and Parchment) for the faithful dealing of the Matter and Crew of such Bufs or Veffel in respect of such Voyage and Fifliing ;. all which Requi- Licence tlttre-fites having been duly performed, the proper Officer of the Fifhery, upon for dw by Inttrument in Writing under his Hand (fetting forth the Parti- Vopge culars, which shall appear by the Notice and Certificate indorsed there-	°*	^

v on as' herein mentioned, and also that Bond has been given according ““■T* to the Direftion of this Aft) shall give to the Matter of such Bum or Veifel license to proceed on his Voyage to the Rendezvous of the said Deep Sea British White Herring Fifliery.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That upon the Arrival of such Regulations for Bufs or Veffel at Rrajfcy Sound, the Rendezvous hereinbefore pro- examining ▼ided for the said Deep Sea Fifhery, the Matter thereof shall enter Buffet at the such Bufs or Veffel with the Superintendant of the said Fifhery, and

(hall produce to him his Licence, and also (if required) the Regifter or Certificate of Regiftry of the said Bufs or Veffel, and shall deliver to» him a Statement in Writing on what Day the said Bufs or Veffel failed from the Port where (he cleared out, and what Quantities of Salt, Barrels, Nets, with Materials for mounting the lame, and of Pro-vifions respectively, shall be then on hoard such Bufs or Veffel, and to what Port In Great Britain he intends to return for the Difcharge of the laid Bufs or Veffel; and the said Superintendant shall then go ob board such Bufs or Veflel, and as far as Ciroiunttances will permit, shall inform himself whether the said Stores and Provifions are actually on board thereof, and shall mutter aud take an Account in Writing of the Number, Names, and Descriptions of the Crew thereof, which shall be entered at the Foot or on the Back of the Licence; and if he shall be Satisfied that such Bufs or Veffel is completely ttored, and has on board the Number of Men required by this Aft, he shall, by a Certificate under his Hand, declare thje'faid Bufs or Veffel to be entitled to commence the said Deep Sea White Herring Fifliery for the Tonnage Bounty.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That the Herrings taken, cured, Herrings taken, and packed on each Day by the Crew of such Bufs or Veffel, shall C1?rfd x be diftingui shed from all other Herrings by a Mark or Marks, Cha-

rafter or Charafters, to be fet on the Barrel or Barrels in which the Marla on th* •

fame shall be paeked, of such Description and in luch Manner as shall Baneb, &c.

be preScribed by any Regulation to be made by the Commiflioners for

the Filhery by virtue of this Aft, and shall denote on what Day fuch

Herrings were So taken, cured, and paeked, and whether the fame

were cuted and packed gutted, or were cured and packed ungutted,

and Herrings, gutted after the Day when the fame were taken (hall

be packed leparately from other gutted Herrings, and shall be dif-

iingui(hed by a Mark or Charafter to be fet as aforesaid, which -

Marks or Charafters shall not be at any Time effaced or altered.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Powers and Superintendant of the Fifhery, or any Perfon or Perfons acting by Duties of the bis Orders, at all Times whenever he shall think fit, either at Sea, ^»(je»intendsnt during the Continuance of the Fifhery, or after the Return from the

fifhery, to go onboard any, of the Veffel* employed in the Fifliery

• undec

Under his Superintendance, to infpefl the Licence and Certificate of x Regiftry of luch Veffel, and the Journal kept by the Matter, pur-fuant to the Dire&ions of this A61 (all which the Matter of every . such Bufior Veffel, on being thereunto required, shall forthwith produce and deliver to the said Superintendant for his Infpe&ion and Examination, and the said Superintendant is hereby empowered to detain stay such Bufs or Veffel till all or any of the said ^Documents demanded by him shall be so produced or delivered to him) and to af-cfcrtain whether the Number of Mon hereby required to be on board the said Bufs or Veffri be actually employed therein during rile fifli-ing, and until they be discharged according to the Direftions of thi9 Ad, and to infped the Manner in which the Herrings are taken, cured, and paeked, and whether the Matter and other Perfons on board, the fame are in all Refpe&s carrying on and prosecuting the said Fiihery in the Manner hereby required ; and if any Perfon or Perfons shall impede or obstruct, or attempt to impede or obftntd, any other Perfon or Perfons in the lawful Profecution of the said Fiihery, the said Superintendant shall require such Perfon or Perfons so impeding or obstructing, or attempting to impede or obftrad any other Perfon or Perfons, to desist from so doing; and if such Perfon or 'Perfons so required to defist, shall disregard such Requifitrots, it shall be lawful for the said Superintendant to employ such Force as shall be necefiary to compel him or them to preserve Order; and if it shall appear to the • said Superintendant that the Number of Men hereby required to be qn board each Bufs or Veffel, were riot On board thereof at any Time . when they ought to have been, according to the Regulations of this A61, or tnat the Matter or any Part of the Crew are or were not in all Refpe6ts carrying on and prosecuting the Fiihery in the Manner hereby required, or had impeded or obstructed, or attempted to im-/ ’ pede or obftrult, any other Perfon or Perfons in the lawful Profecution of the said Fiihery, the said Superintendant shall report the fame fully and particularly to the Commiflioners for the Herring Fiihery to , be appointed by virtue of this A6t, and shall deliver one Copy of such Report under his Hand, to the Matter of such Bufs or Veffel, and shall transmit another Copy to the said Commiflioners by the first Opportunity; and if any Perfon or Perfons shall refill or oblmi6l such Superintendant, or any Perfon or Perfons acting under him in the Execution of any of the Powers to him or them given by thi$ A61, every ..	Perfon so offending .(hall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred

r** Pounds: Provided always, that it shall be lawful tor the Matter of of a*Bu^at the* anY ®u^8 or Veffel licensed and cleared out for the said Deep Sea Filh-Decp Sea Fiiheiy cry, at any Time during the Continuance of the Fifhing as limited by into another tfiis A61, to tranftiip into any other Veflel not being licensed for the Veifel, pwknrfly said Fiihery pursuant to the Dircdlions of this Ad, ar.v Quantity of Herrings which shall hate been taken by the Crew of such Buis or earned into Port. Veffel, and by them cured and packed in Barrels on board the fame, i	‘ and the said Herrings so tranlhipped shall be conveyed to and landed

at the Port in Great Britain where such Bufs or Veffel shall be intended to be cleared inwards, and shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the Cargo of such Bufs or Veffel 5 provided that the Matter of the Veffel if* which such.Herrings shall be caigied into Port, shall bring with the said Herrings a Copy of the Licence of the Bufs or Veffel out of which the said Herrings were received, with a Declaration under the Hand of the Matter thereof (indorfed on such Copy) fettiog forth the

Number

■s

A.D.i8o8.	48° GEO. III.	C.110.	.^69

Number of Barrels of Herrings so tranfhipped out of such Bufs or Veffel, into such other Veffel as aforesaid, that the fame were taken v. and cured as aforesaid, specifying the Date of the taking, curing, and packing of the Herrings contained in each Barrel, and whether the fame were cured and packed gutted, or were cured and packed un-

futted, and distinguishing each Barrel by the Marks or Chara&ers to be specified in such Declaration! which shall be fet on the Barrels in which the said Herrings shall be packed respectively, as also " the Name of the Veffel on board of which the fame shall be tranf-(hipped, the Name of the Mailer thereof, and the Name of the Port for which the fame were so put on board, which Declaration shall be produced to the Officer of the Filhery at such Port, before any of the laid Herrings shall be unihipped or laid on Land ; and the Mailer of such Veffel shall make Oath at the Fqpt of the said Declaration, before the said Officer, that the Herrings on board the said Veffel are the very fame which were tranfhipped out of such Bufs or Veffel, as mentioned in the said Declaration; and such Officer shall attend	v

the landing thereof, and take account of the Herrings landed out of the said Veffel, together with the Marks on the Barrels containing the fame.	'	^

XIX.	And be it enacted, That if any Bufs oP Veffel shall not ar- Buft not rive at the Rendezvous of the said Deep Sea Filhery till after the driving at tfc* Twenty-fecond Day of Junef. and shall not begin to fish till after the ^enjkf.vou* or Twenty-fourth Day of the fame Month in any Year, and it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Commimoners for the Herring preferibed, &c. Filhery appointed by virtue of this A61, that such Bufs or Veffel did may obtain the really and bondfide take her Departure for the faid* Rendezvous Five Tonnage Bounty Days at the lead before the said Twenty-fecond Day of June ; or if any such Bufs or Veffel which shall have been licensed for the said C'ondl Deep Sea Filhery, and for which a Certificate shall have been obtained at the Place of Rendezvous to entitle the Crew to commence the Filhery, shall at any Time before the Fifteenth Day of September in the fame Year, be compelled to difeontinue fishing by* Streis of Weather, Lofs of Nets or Stores, or other unavoidable Cause, before the	*	/

Quantity of Herrings shall have been taken and cured as required by this A&, and to come into any Port, Harbour, or Anchorage on the Coaff of Great Britain or Ireland, the Owner of such Bufs or Veffel „

(hall not for such Caufe be precluded from receiving the Tonnage Bounty; provided the Mafter thereof, in the Cafe lad-mentioned,	\

(hall give immediate Notice of such his Arrival, and of the Didref8 or Neceffity which forced him to take Shelter in such Port, Harbour, or Anchorage, and shall make Proof thereof by the Oaths of him-v self and his Mate before any Officer of the Fifliery at such Port or Place, which Oaths such Officer is hereby authorized to adminider;

» and if there shall not be any Officer of the Fifliery at the Port or Place, the Oaths shall then be administered by any Juflice of the Peace, and the fame shall be written at the Foot or on the Back of the Licence, and shall be fubferibed by the Parties making the fame:

Provided also, that the Mader of such Bufs Or Veffel shall use his * utmod Endeavours to refit the said Bufs or Veffel, and to take on board the Supplies, and the Number of Men necessary to enable himr to continue his fishing Voyage (as the Cafe may require), and shall accordingly return to and continue the Fifliing in Manner herein di-re&ed, and (Hall in either of the Cafes above-mentioned continue to fish 48 Geo. III.	Bb	in

AiD* i8o0i

The Tonnage - Bounty not to be paid on any Buff which shall not have on hoard the full Number of Men except lit cafe of Death, Hie.

The Matter of eveiy Bufs employed in the Dmi&ea Rflieiy, for the Tonnage Bounty, shall keep a Journal.

Gzio.	48°	GEO. III.

in Manner aforesaid, after the Fifteenth Day of September, until the Expiration of iuch a Space of Time as, when added to the Time dunng which such Bufs or Veflel shall have fished before that Day, shall be equal to the Period which extends from the Twenty-fourtn Day of June to the Fifteenth Day of September next ensuing, unlefa the • Crew thereof shall have taken, cured, and packed before the Expiration of that Time,, such Quantity of Herrings as is hereinbefore mentioned; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That the Bounty‘granted by this Adt shall not be allowed or paid in respect of any Buis or Veflel which shall not have had on board the Number of Men hereinbefore required, from the Time when the Crew thereof shall have been mufter-ed at the Rendezvous by the Superintendant as aforesaid, during the whole Continuance of the Filhing, and until the said Bufs or Veflel completed her Fi(hing in Manner preferibed by this Adt, and until (he shall return to a Port in Great Britain, and the Crew shall be. there muflered by the proper Officer of the Fi(hery at such Port, before whom the Mailer and Mate shall make their Oaths that the Number of Men required by this Adi were on board such Bufs or Veflel during the whole of the Time aforesaid, utilefs any Diminution of the said Number of Men shall have been occasioned by Death, Sicknefs, or actual Defertion 5 and in the Event of any such Diminution of the Crew, that the Matter used his utmost Endeavours to keep up and have on board the full Number of Men by this Adi required, from the Day when the Crew were muflered at the Rendezvous, until the Day when the Crew shall have been again muflered on the Return of the Bufs or Veflel into a Port of Great Britain, which Oaths such Officer is hereby authorized and required to administer, and the fame shall be written at the Foot or on the Back of the Licence, and fubferibed by the Parties making the fame 5 and the said Officer shall there also certify the Number, Names, and Defcription of the Men who were on board the said Bufs or Veflel, upon' the Mufter made by him as herein directed.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That the Matter of every Bufs or Veflel in refpcdl whereof the Tonnage Bounty shall be claimed by virtue of this Adi, shall keep a Journal, in which all Tranfadtions ana Occurrences shall be inserted every Day during the whole Courfe of the Voyage, from the Time of beginning to put on board the Veflel her Stores or Proviflons, to the Time of her returning into a Port in Great Britain for the Difcharge of her Cargo, Specifying the Quantity of Stores and Provifions of each Sort put on board before the Departure of the Veflel from the Port where (he was fitted out* the Time of her Arrival at the Rendezvous, and there being permitted to commence Fifhing, the Number of Men taken on board, at what Place or Places respectively, the Winds and Weather, the Station of the Veflel each Day at Noon, and the Places, if any, where (he put in, and the Caufes thereof, the Number of Barrels of Herrings taken, and the Number thereof cured and packed every Day, diftmguiIhing Herrings cured and packed gutted, from Herrings cured and packed uugutted, and Herrings gutted on the Day when they were taken from Herrings gutted afterwards, specifying also the Mark or Marks fet on each Barrel of Herrings so taken, cured, •nd packed respectively, pursuant to the Directions of this Adi; alfo

7	the

A.D.i8o8.

C. no.

37x

48° GEO. III.

.the Number of Barrels of Herrings (if any) with the respective Marks thereon, tranfhipped into any other Veflel for the Purpofe of being carried into Port, with the Name of such Veflel, the Name of the Mailer thereof, and the Port to which Ihe was bound; the Death, Difability, or Defertion of any of the Crew; and the Endeavours used to lupply the Places of such Perfons.

XXII.	And be it'further enacted, That upon the Return of any such Bufs or Veflel to any Port of Great Britain, where the Cargo thereof is intended to be landed, the proper Officer of the Filhery shall immediately go on board and view the Condition of the Veflel and of her Lacting, and the Mailer shall forthwith deliver up to such Officer his Licence, with the several Certificates and the Oaths re-

2uired to be taken, written at the Foot or on the Back thereof, and Ifo his Journal signed by himself, and shall verify upon Oath before such Officer the Truth of the said Journal so delivered up, and shall also make Oath before said Officer in the following Terms; that is to fay.

4 T	do	swear,	That	I	am Mailer of the

4 A Bufs or Veflel the .	of

4 arrived at this Port from the Deep Sea White Herring Fifhery,

, 4 that the said Bufs or Veflel was certified by the Superintendant to

*	be entitled to commence the Fifhery at the Rendezvous, on the

4	Day	of	in consequence .whereof

4 I proceeded in Profecution of the said Fifhery for Herrings, from 4 the	Day	of	/ to the Day of

4	[here	mentioning	the	Da f of beginning and the

4 Day of finally ceasing to fish, and in cafe the Fifbing was interrupted 4 add] except a Part of the Time, to wit, from the

4 Daj of	to the	Day	of

4 during which Period the said Fifhery was interrupted by Strefs of 4 Weatner [or as the Cafe may be] by the Death, Sicknefs, or De-4 fertion of	[here	mentioning the Number]

4 of the Crew of the said Bufs or Veflel, or by the Lois of 4 Square Yards of Netting, or of other Stores [fpecifying the Sort and 4 Quantity'] atld that the Crew of the said Bufs or Veflel fished in an 4 orderly and regular Manner, and did hot nor did any of them im-4 pede or moled any other Perfon or Perfons employed in the lawful 4 Profecution of the said Fifhery; that all the Herrings caught or 4 taken by the Crew of the said Bufs or Veflel were cured in Barrels 4 on board the said Bufs or Veflel, and no Part of them was cured ia 4 Bulk ; that no Fifh other than Herrings were taken by the Crew of 4 the said Bufs or Veflel, and that no Fifh not taken by the Crew 4 thereof, were, during the Courfc of the Voyage, received or are 4 now on board such Bufs or Veflel, except for the Sufienance of the 4 Crew thereof; that no Part of the Herrings taken, cured, and pack* 4 ed by the Crew of the said Bufs or Veflel have been un(hipped or

*	delivered out of the fame, excepting	Barrels	of	Herrings

4 tranfhipped out of the said Buis or Veflel on the

4 Day of	and	put	on	board the

4 whereof	was	MaAer	for	this	Port,	and that since the

4 Day of	lad	pad,	when the laid Bufs or

4 Veffel cleared out for the said Fifhery, till the	Day	of

4	when the Crew thereof finally ceased to

Bba	*filh,

Regulations and Cam of Mato on Return of Buffet from the Deep Sea Herring Fifhery, into a Port in Goat Britain for Difchirge of hat Cargo.

48* geo. nr.

A.D. 1808.

£orwmflion<Mr» of the Fiftiery (hail • determine on Complaint^ by the Super, inteudant.

Officer of the Fifhery shall attend th*'

of the Herrings, Salt, &c. out of each Bufs, and take Account thereof, and certify the fane, &c.

C. i io.

*	fish, the Number of Men and Quantity of Netting and OtherStfcres

*	required by Law were conftar.tly on board the laid Bufs or Veffel

*	employed in the Profecutiori of the said Deep Sea Filhery [or, in 4 tafe the Number of Men was diminfitd, or any Part of the Stores 4 were lofl, the Time when such Diminution or Loft happened to be 4 fpeeifiea, and that such Diminution happened by Death, Sicknefs, or 4 DeJertion, as the Cafe may be, and if by Dcfertion, that it happened 4 without the Confent or Connivance of the Mq/lcr, mentioning the Time 4 when, and the Manner in which any such Diminution of the Number of 4 Men or Loft of Stores was fipplied,'] and that during the whole of 4 the Time aforesaid, the said Bufs or Veffel was not employed in

*	any Manner or for any Purpoie except in the Herring Filhery/ Which Oath such Officer as aforesaid is hereby authorized and re* quired to adminiffer.

XXIII.	And be it enacted. That in all Cafes where the Superin-tendant of the Filhery shall be of Opinion there has been any thing culpable in the CoAdu& of the Mailer or Crew of any fcufs or Vel-fel claiming the Tonnage Bounty, or thal he or they mall have failed in complying with any of the Provifions in this A61, which Ihould prevent the Bounty being paid, and the Superintendant shall have made a Special Report thereof to the Commiflioners for the Herring Filhery, and shall nave transmitted the fame to them, the said Commiflioners shall forthwith make proper Enquiry thereinto, giving No-tice to the Mailer and Owner or Owners oi such Bufs or Veffel, or his or their Agent, that they may attend such Enquiry if tlfey shall think fit, and the laid Commiflioners shall, upon Consideration of all the Circumflances attending each Cafe, make such Order thereupon as to them shall seem proper, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this A61.

XXIV.	And be it further ena6led, That the Officer of the Fifh-ery at each Port shall attend the Landingof the Herrings and of the Salt which has not been used, and the Barrels (if any) not used, and the Nets out of each Bufs or Veffel which shall have arrived from the .Deep Sea Filhery, and shall take a particular Account thereof, fpeci-fying the Marks on the Barrels containing Herring?, and shall examine the Mailer’s Journal, with the other Documents delivered by him, and the Account of the Cargo landed, and shall certify such Tnfpec-tion and Examination, together with his Obfervations thereon, with the Quantity of each respective Description of Herrings gutted or ungutted, which shall have been landed out of the said Bufs or Veffel 5 .and in cafe any .Herrings shall have.been landed at that Port out of any other Veffel, the Mailer of which brought a Declaration under the Hand of the Mailer of the said Bufs or Veffel, that the Quantity of Herrings therein mentioned were taken, cured, 'and packed by’the Crew of luch Bufs or Veffel, and tranlhipped out of the fame into the said other Veffel, and the Mailer of which other Veffel made Oath that the Herrings which were on board thereof, were the fame that were so tranlhipped as aforesaid, such Officer shall in that Cafe certify also the Quantity of Herrings of each Defcription so landed out of such other Veffel, mentioning the Name of such Veffel, and the Name of the Mailer thereof, and shall certify alio the Tonnage of the said Bufs or Veffel by Admeafurement.

XXV.	And be it further ena£led| That the Officer of the Filhery

at



C.no.

373

at each Port shall transmit without Delay to the Commissioners for Officer of the the Herring Fifhery to be appointed by this Aft, the Licence with Filhery shall the Oaths and Certificates written at the Foot or on the Back there-	CMtU0**

of, hereby required to be delivered up to him, together with the Oath aiMj Officer’# * required to be made by the Matter on his Return into the Port for Certificate, on the Difcharge of his Cargo, and the Certificate or Certificates hereby the Return an 1 directed to *be made by the proper Officer of the Fifhery at such Port, Difcharge of each ' alfit the Declaration produced, and Oath made by the Matter of any rus> **' * Veffel out of which Herrings were landed, as having been tranfhip- °mm ” ped out of such Bufs or Veffel during the Fifhing: A»id if the said Commissioners shall be satisfied that all the Conditions, Rules, and Regulations by this Aft directed to be observed have been duly fulfilled with respect to such Voyage and Fiffiing, they shall immediately Debentures for give a Debenture or Certificate for the Payment to the Owner or Own- the Tonnage ers of the said Bufs or Veffel, or to his or their Afsigns, of the Bounty I*°unty A**1* b* by this A61 payable upon the Tonnage of such Bufs or Veffel, ^^ffiffioners the Amount whereof shall be mentioned in such Debenture or Cer- amj “y tificate ; and the said Commissioners shall at the fame Time transmit E*eife Office, the Licence, Oaths, and Certificates, and Declaration aforesaid, with Notice of their having granted such Debenture or Certificate, to the Commissioners of Excife in England or Scotland respectively ; and the Commissioners of Excife or any Three or more of them in England, or the Commissioners of Excife or any Three or more of them in Scotland, on receiving such Documents, shall and they are hereby- authorized and required respectively, without Delay, to give an Order to their Cafhier, or transmit an Order to the Colleftor of Excife at or nearest the Port or Place where such Bufs or Veffel dif-charged her Cargo (at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons entitled to receive the fame) 5 and such Cafhier or Collector, on receiving such *	^	'

Order, is hereby required to pay on Demand the Sum expressed in such Debenture or Certificate, out of any Money in his or their Hands arising from any Duties under the Management of ‘the said Commissioners of Excife : Provided always, That in cafe the Matter Abatements in of any such Bufs or Veffel shall have neglected to enter any Tranf- cafe of Omiffion action, Occurrence, Matter, or Thing hereby required to be entered 'in th« Matter’s . in his Journal, it shall be lawful ‘for the said Commissioners for the Herring Fifhery to be appointed by virtue of this Aft, to make such Abatement from the Amount of the Bounty claimed for such Veffel as they in their Difcretion shall think fit.

XXVI.	And be it enacted, That no Bounty shall be paid by vir- Cmjjo Crew tue of this Aft, on the Tonnage of any Bufs or Veffel which fhall

be fitted out,or shall discharge her Crew or any Part thereof, or fhall

land her Cargo at any Port or Place other than One where-an Officer tie ftetkmed.

of the Fifhery shall be stationed.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That the Mariners employed M«rin«r«

in every Bufs or Veffel in the Deep Sea White Herring Fifhery, not	in	***

being more than the Complement herein-before required to be on board the fame, shall be ana the fames are hereby protefted from be- impieffed. ing jmpreffed into His Majefty’s Service, during so lon£ Time as such Bufs or Veffel shall be actually carrying on the said Fifhery, and until her Voyage Home from thence to the Port of her Difcharge shall be fully completed and ended.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Owners or Hirers Owners of Buffet pf every Bufs or Veffel employed in the said Deep Sea Fifhery, who emitted to the

Bb$	(hall

374

C.UO.'

A*D» 1808.

pay the Crew 3*. per Barrel.

Officer may aft in Abfence of Superintendant.

Additional Bounty of lh per Ton for the first 80 Buffer entitled to the Bounty of 3l*

Regulations for clearing out Veffels (other than Buffes on the Tonnage Bounty) with Salt, &c. for the British Herring Fiiheiy.

48° GEO. HI,

(hall be entitled to receive the Tonnage Bounty under this Aft, shall pay to the Matter, Mate, and Crew thereof (over and above such Wages as the said Crew shall by Agreement be entitled to re* ceive) an Allowance equal in Amount to Two Shillings, for every full packed Barrel of Herrings contained in the Cargo taken by them. Two-eighth Parts thereof to the Matter, One-eighth Part to the Mate, and the remaining Five-eighth Parts to the Reft of the Crew, to be equally divided among them,, which Allowance shall be paid whenever the said Cargo of Herrings shall be full packed.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe of the Abfenpe of the Superintendant of the Deep Sea Herring Fifhery from Illbefs or other unavoidable Cause, any Officer of the Fifhery authorized by the Commissioners. for the Herring Fifhery to be appointed pur-fuant to this Aft, may and he is hereby authorized ana required to do and perform every Matter or Thing which is hereby required to be done and performed by the Superintendant at the Rendezvous of the said Deep Sea Fifhery, or while the Fifhery shall be going on.

XXX.	And be it enacted, That for or m respect of the first Thirty Buttes which shall be fitted out and licensed for, and shall be employed in the Deep Sea White Herring Fifhery, according to the Regulations of this Aft, and the Crews of which shall respectively take, cure, and pack the Quantity of Herrings hereby required, the Owner or Owners thereof who shall be entitled to the said Bounty of Three Pounds per Ton, shall be respectively entitled to a further Bounty of Twenty Shillings her Ton for One Year; and that of the Buttes, the Crews of which mail have taken the said Quantity of Herrings, those shall be preferred which shall have been first fitted out and licensed; and in cafe of Eqqality in that Refpest, those Buttes, the Crews of which shall have taken the greater Quantity of Herrings, shall be preferred to those which shall have taken a less Quantity thereof.

XXxI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Veffel or Boat, for which it is not meant the Tonnage Bounty shall be claimed, shall be intended to be fitted out at any Port or Place in Great Britain where an Officer of the Fifhery shall be Rationed for the Britj/bJHernng Fifhery, the Perfon intending so to fit out such Veffel or Boat, shall give Notice thereof in Writing to the said Officer of the Fifhery at such Port or Place, specifying the Quantity of Salt, the Quantity of Netting, the Number of Barrels, and the Quantity of other Stores which he intends to put on board the said Veflel or Boat, which he shall not ship or put on board without the Prefence of such Officer; and the said Officer shall examine the Stores which shall be tendered to be fbipped, and fee the fame put on board the said Veflel or Boat, and shall give the Mafter a Certificate that the said Stores, specifying the Quantities and Sorts thereof respectively were so shipped or put on board in his Prefence, mentioning the Name of the said Veflel or Boat, and the Name of the Matter thereof; and if any Salt, Barrels, Netft or other Fifhing Stores, shall be shipped or put on board any such Veflel or Boat at any such Port or Place as aforesaid, for the British Herring Fifhery, before such Notice shall be given, or without the Prefence of such Officer as aforesaid, or be removed from thence in such Veflel or Boat without such Certificate as aforesaid, the fame shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fifhery or of the Cuftoms or Excife.

XXXII. And

C. no.

37*

48* QEO. Ill*

XXXII.	And be it further enabled, That the Matter of every Veffel or Boat which shall proceed to the British Herring Fifhery, having on board Salt to be used in the curing of Herrings, shall keep an Account of the Quantity of Herrings which he shall cure or cause to be cured every Day, ana of the Quantity of Salt used in the curing thereof, ana shall mention in (uch Account the Name of the Loch, Bay, or other Place on the Coaft where such Herrings shall be cured, and the Manner in which the fame shall be cured, namely, whether in Barrels or in Bulk, whether gutted or ungutted, whether on board or on (hore, and whether by the Crew of such Veffel or Boat, or by Perfons residing on (hore, and by a Mark or Marks to be fet on the Barrel or Barrel* in which the fame shall be cured, according to such Regulations as shall be made in that Behalf by virtue of this A&; the Quantity of Herrings cured in Barrels every Day, shall be diftin-gui(hed from all other Herrings, and the Quantity of Herrings cured ungutted from the Quantity cured gutted, in which Account shall be specified such Mark or Marks fet on the Barrels respectively, and the Number of Barrels of Herrings so cured, with the Marks fet thereon, which'(hall be shipped or put onboard such Veffel or Boat every Day, and if any Quantity of such Herrings shall be shipped or put on board any other Veffel or Boat to be carried to any Port in Great Britain, the Number of Barrels of Herrings, with the Marks fet thereon, shall be specified in such Account, with the Name of such other Veffel or Boat and the Port for which the fame shall be bound, which Account, (igned by the laid Matter, together with the said Ceil ideate, by the Officer of the Fifhery in whole Prefence the said Salt was shipped in such Veffel or Boat, the said Matter (h4ll bring with the said Herrings on board thereof, to any Port or Place of Great Britain, to which the fame shall return or arrive for her Difcharge; and if any Officer of the Fifhery shall be Rationed at such Port or Place, the Matter shall (before any Herrings or other Article shall be un-(hipped out of such Veffel or Boat) deliver the said Account and Cer* tificatc to such Officer, and shall verify the said Account on Oath before him who shall attend the Landing of the Herrings, Salt, and other Stores, and take a particular Account thereof; or if no Officer of the Fifhery shall be stationed at such Port or Place, he shall verify the said Account on Oath before the Chief Officer of Excife or Cuftoms there,, or any Juflice of the Peace or other Magistrate, and tranftnit the fame so verified on Oath, with the said Certificate, to the nearest Officer of the Fiftiery; and the Officer of the Fifhery to whom the said Account shall be so delivered or Iranfmitted, shall upon Demand deliver to the said Matter a Copy of the said Account, and of the Oath by him made thereon, certified by the said Officer under his Hands to be a true Copy.

XXXIII.	And be it further enadied, That the Matter of every Veffel or Boat arriving from the Briti/b Herring Fifhery at any Port or Place of Great Britain having on board Herrings cured with Salt,

• which had been carried from any Port or Place in Great Britain to the

' laid Fifhery in a different Veffel or Boat, shall bring with the said Herrings a Declaration (igned by the Matter of the Veffel or Boat in which the said Salt was carried to the Fifhery (with a Copy indorsed thereon of the Certificate by the Officer of the Fiftiery in whole Prefence the Salt was (hipped) which Declaration shall express the Name of the Veffel or Boat in which the Herrings shall be shipped, the

Bl>4	Name

Regulations with respect to Veffel* or Boats cleared out with Salt, and curing and taking on board Herrings at the Fifhery, and proceeding therewith to a Port in Great Britain, and clearing Inwards.

Regulations respecting Veflels arriving from the Filhery laden with Herrings cured with Salt, carried out in a different VefleL



C. no.

48° GEO. III.

A.D. 1808.

Herring!, Silt, or other fiihing Storei irom the Fifhery, landed contrary to the foregoing Regulations, dull be forfeited.

Regulations respecting Curers having .Salt (lor edit the FifheTy, proceeding to

Name of the Matter thereof, the Number of Bartels of Herrings shipped or put on board the fame, with the Marks fet on the said Barrels refpcdtively, the Day on which the Herrings contained in each of the said Barrels respectively were cured, and the Manner in which the fame were cured as herein-before deferibed, and what Quantity of the Salt specified in the Certificate, of which a Copy shall be so indorsed on such Declaration, was used in the curing thereof, which Declaration shall be verified by the Perfon making the fame, upon Oath, to be administered by the Officer of the Fifhery at the Place where the Herrings shall be shipped or laid on board; or if there shall be no such Officer there, then before any Officer of the Fifhery near such Place, or any Officer of the Cuftoms or Excife at or near the fame, or before any Juttice of the Peace, Sheriff Depute or Subfti-tute, which Declaration so verified, the Matter of the said VefTel or Boat arriving with the said Herrings (before any Part of the Cargo thereof shall be unfhipped) shall deliver to the Officer of the Fifhery at the Port or Place where he shall arrive for the Discharge thereof, who shall attend the landing of the Cargo and take a particular Account thereof; and if no Officer of the Fifhery shall be Rationed at such Port or Place, then the said Matter shall in such Cafe transmit the said Declaration so verified as aforesaid, to the Officer of the Fifhery nearest to such Port or Place.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted, That if any Herrings or Salt, or other hfhing Stores shall be landed, or shall be unshipped with Intent to be landed, out of any VefTel or Bo.it arriving from the Brhifk Herring Fifhery (other than a Bufs or VefTel which Inall have beenli-cenfedior the Deep Sea Fifliery) at any Port or Place where an Officer of the Fifhery shall be ttationea, before such Certificate and such Account to be kept by the Matter respecting the Herrings cured as •aforesaid, or such Declaration so verified as aforesaid. respectively, (ball bt delivered to, and such Account, verified on Oath before the said Officer of the Fifhery as is -herein dirested, or without the Prefence of such Officer of the Fifhery as aforesaid, or shall be landed or shall be unshipped with Intent to be landed at any Port or Place where no Officer of the Fifhery shall be Rationed, before such Certificate and Account, or such Declaration so verified as aforesaid, shall be produced to, and such Account verified on Oath before such Officer of the Excife or Cuftoms, or such Juftice of the Peace'or other Magiftrate as aforesaid Vefpe&ively, and transmitted 10 the Officer of the Fifhery nearest to such Port or Place, or without the Prefence of the proper Officer of the Cuftoms, all such Herrings or Salt or other Fifhing Stores shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fifhery, or of the Cuftoms or Excife) provided that if any such Herrings, Salt, or other Article shall be seized on account of any Error or Omiifi6n of any Thing required by this A& to be done, . which shall appear to the said Commifuoners for the Fifliery not to have been wilful, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to waive the Forfeiture of such Articles, and to levy in lieu thereof on the Parties a Penalty not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds.

' XXXV. And be it further enacted, that whenever any Perfon or Perfons having Salt stored on Shore at any Place where the Herring Fifhery is carried on, shall intend to cure Herrings therewith, such ■Perfon or Perfons shall, before he shall begin there to cure Her-rings, give Notice of bis Intention so to do to the Officer of the

Fifliery

Fifhery at or nearest to such Place, and shall keep an Account of the Quantity of Herrings which he shall cure every Day, and of the Quantity of Salt which shall be used in the curing thereof, and shall in such Account mention the Manner in which the Herrings (Hall be cured, namely, whether cured in Barrels or in Bulk, whether cured gutted or uagutted, and by a Mark or MdHcs to be fct on each of the Barrels in which the fame shall be paeked, according to such Regulation as shall be made by virtue of this Aft, shall diftinguiffi the Quantity of Herrings cured every Day from all other Herrings, which Mark or Marks shall be specified in the said Account; and before any such Herrings so cured and packed shall be removed, or shall be shipped or put on board any VefTcl or Boat, in order to be removed from the Place where the fame were so cured, or shall be produced to any Officer of the Fifhery, to be certified for the Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel hereby granted, the Curer thereof shall deliver such Account thereof as aforesaid to the Officer of the Fi(h-ery at' or nearest to such Place, and verify the fame upon Oath before such Officer; and the said Officer shall and is hereby required to

five a Copy of such Account, and of she Oath thereon, certified by im to be a true Copy, to the Perfon by whom the fame shall be so delivered and verified as aforesaid.

- XXXVI. And be it further enacted, that, the Bounty hereby granted of Two Shillings per Barrel on White Herrings, shall not be paid or allowed for any Herrings which shall not 'have been taken in the BritUb White Herring Fifhery after the said First Day of June, or for any Herrings which shall be of bad or indifferent Quality, or for _ any broken Herrings, or for any Herrings which were not originally gutted, or which were cured in Bulk, or otherwise than in Barrels, or which having been cured in Barrels (ball have been afterwards laid in Bulk, or which shall not be repacked of Bung paeked, and in all Refpefts properly cured and paeked, or of which the Barrel shall not contain of Fifh, exclusive of the Weight of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and Twenty-four Pounds Weight, except Herrings intended to be exported to any Place out of Europe, which shall and are hereby required «to be repacked with great Salt, th£ Barrel of which Herrings shall contain Two hundred Pounds Weight of net Fi(h; nor for any Herrings which shall be contained in any Barrel not of fuf-ficient Strength, or not containing Thirty-two Gallons Englijb Win* Measure, or on which the Name of the Curer thereof, and tne Name of the Port or Place* where and the Year when the fame were cured, shall not be branded with an hot Iron, in large, legible, conspicuous, and permanent Charafters, or on which such Mark or Marks, Charafter or Charafters, shall not have been fet at the Fifhery, as is directed by this Aft, or shall not remain thereon distinctly legible, denoting the Day on which the fame were cured, and that the fame were cured gutted; nor for any Barrel of Herrings on which at the Time of its being produced to the proper Officer of the Fifhery, in - order to be branded with a Mark or Charafter to denote that the Curer thereof is entitled to the Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel hereby given according to the Direftions of this Aft,, any luch Mark or Charafter shall be found to have been formerly branded, or any Mark or Charafter shall be found to have been branded purfu?nt to any former Aft, in refpeftof any Bounty per Barrel thereby granted, or %ny Mark or Charafter whatsoever formerly branded, shall be found

to

377

care Herrings therewith.

Whet Herrings shall be entitled to the Bounty of 2s. per Barrel.

(-&* S 3*)

37*

C. no.

To whom, on what Conditions and Regulations, and by whom, ivid Bounty of 4a. per Barrel fell be paid.

ITerrinsfs of

Xh’fctiptions not entitled to the Bounty of

48° GEO. IIL	A.D.1808.

to have been altered or effaced; nor until a Mark or Chara&er to denote that the Curer thereof is entitled to the Bounty hereby given, shall be branded thereon, by Order and in Prefence of the proper Officer of tfhe Fifhenr, after the fame shall have been produced to and iufpeded by such Officer, according to the Diredionp of this Ad.

XXXVI f. And be it further enacted, that the said Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel hereby granted on White Herrings, shall be payable and paid to the Curer or Curers thereof, on the rreduction of the Fifh to the proper Officer of the Fifhery, in order to be branded and certified for the Bounty; and such Officer of the Fifhery to whom any Barrels of Herrings shall be so produced, shall examine the Barrels and infped the Herrings contained in all, or in such and so many of them as he in hia Difcretion shall think necefTary, for the Purpose of ascertaining whether the Herrings so produced are in every Refped such as to entitle the Curer or Curers thereof to the Bounty hereby granted, according to the Provifions of this Ad; and for that Purpofe the said Curer or Curers shall, at his or their own Charge, upon being thereunto required by the (aid Officer, place or cause to be placed the said Barrels of Herrings in such convenient Order or Situation as shall bepointed out by the said Officer (the Outfides being free from any Tar, Dirt, or other Subftance which may cover or conceal any Mark thereon) and open or cause to be opened any Barrel so produced, and raise or remove, or cause to be raised or removed the Herrings, or any Part thereof, out of such Barrel, and fumifh the said Officer with Weights and Scales for weighing any Herrings, and assist him effectually in weighing the fame; and upon every Barrel of Herrings which, on such Examination and Infpedion as aforesaid, shall be found by the said Officer to be in all Refpeds such as to entitle the Curer or Curers thereof to the Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel hereby granted, there shall be branded with an hot Iron, by Order and in Prefence' of the said Officer, such Mark or Marks, Chara&er or Chara&ers, as the Commissioners for the Herring Fifhery, to be appointed pursuant to this A&, shall direct, and as shall denote that the fanie is deemed to be of the proper De-feription, and whether the fame is Bung packed or repaeked, and the Year in which the fame shall be so branded, and by Order and in Prefence of what Officer; all which being duly performed, the said Officer of the Fifhery shall give the Curer or Curers of the said Herrings a Debenture or Certificate for Payment of the said Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel on the Number of Barrels of .Herrings so branded, which on being allowed by the Commissioners for the Herring Fifhery (fuch Allowance being stated in Writing under the Hands of the Commissioners at the Foot of the said Debenture or Certificate) the said Curer or Curers, or his or their Afsigns, shall be entitled to the Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel on the Number of Barrels of Herrings therein mentioned; and the Commissioners of Excife in England, or the Commissioners of Excife in Scotland respectively, upon such Debenture being produced to them, shall, without Delay, cause the fame to be paid in the fame Manner as the Bounty on the Tonnage of Bufies or VefTels employed in the Deep Sea Fifhery, is directed by this Ad to be paid.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Herrings not caught or taken in the British Herring Fifhery, or any Herrings in respect whereof any Bounty per Barrel granted by any former Ad

fhall

C.no.

379

48° ceo. in. ,

ihall have been paid or allowed, or any broken Herrings, or any Herrings which were not originally gutted, or which were cured in Bulk or otherwise than in Barrels, or which having been cured in Barrels shall have been afterwards laid in Bulk, or any Herrings mixed or packed with any such Herrings as aforesaid, or any Herrings (other than Herrings repacked with great Salt) of which the Barrel shall not contain of net Fifh, exclunve of the Weight of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and twenty-four Pounds Weight, or any Herrings repacked with great Salt, 6f which the Barrel shall not contain of net Fifht exclunve of the Weight of the Salt and Brine, Two hundred Pounds Weight, or any Herrings packed in any Barrel which shall be of less Content or Capacity than Thirty-two Gallons Englijb Wine Mea-sure, or on which the Name oi the Curer thereof, and the Name of the Por£ or Place where, and the Year when the fame were cured, shall not be branded with an hot Iron, in large, legible, conspicuous, and permanent Chara&ers, and in Manner directed by any Rule or Regulation which shall be made by the Commifiioners for the Herring Fifhery in that Behalf, or on which such Mark or Marks, Charader or Chara&ers, shall not have been fet at the Fifhery as is directed by this Ad, or shall not remain thereon distinctly legible, denoting the Day on which the fame were cured, and that the fame were cured gutted, shall be produced to any Officer of the Fifhery, to be branded in his Pretence and certified by him, for the Purpofe of obtaining the said Bounty of Two Shillings for the fame, or which, having been so produced and branded, shall be again produced to any such Officer for the tame Purpose, all such Herrings, with the Barrel or Barrels containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fifhery: And if any Herrings, not being forfeited by this Clause, shall be produced to any Officer of the Fifhery for the Purpofe aforesaid, and such Officer shall deem such Herrings to be of bad or indifferent Quality, or not properly cured or paeked, or the Barrel or Barrels in which the fame ihall be packed not to be of sufficient Strength, and that for such Caufe he shall think the Curer thereof is not entitled to the said Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel, such Officer shall without Delay apply by Petition, ftatmg the Matter in Difpute, to any Juflice of the Peace redding at or near the Place where such Herrings shall be produced, giving Notice thereof to the Curer, that he may attend the Hearing if he shall think fit; and such Juilice'of the Peace shall forthwith nominate and appoint Two or more skilful Perfons to inspect the said {ierrings and the Barrels in which they ihall be paeked, and the Perfons so nominated and appointed shall inspect the laid Herrings and Barrels accordingly, and shall certify on their Oaths, to be taken before the* said Juftice, their Opinion on the Matters in Difpute, according to the best of their Skill and Judgment;'which Determination of such Perfons, or of the major Part of them, shall be con-clufive respecting the said Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted. That whenever any White Herrings repacked shall be intended to be shipped or put on board any Veffel or Boat, at any Port or Place in Great Britain, in order to be carried Coaftwife to any other Port or Place therein, in order to be exported from thence for any Port or Place out of Europe, the Perfon intending to ship the fame shall give Notice of such Intention to the Officer of the Fifhery at the Port or Place of shipping, and

Os. prr Barrel, pr	to	the

OJii n in order to obtain the Bou.ity, ihall be ' forfeited.

Hoir Di (pates ihall be fettled as to Herring* (not forfeited} produced to obtain the Bounty. •

Regulations as to White Herrings repacked gomsg Coailwile for Exportation.

3*0

C. no.

A.D.1808.

48° GEO. III.

How Hemngs export «d from Great Britain Ihtll be paeked, • &c.

Fiftwry Officer ffiall inipc&

Herrings

(hall in such Notice declare that the fan! Herrings were not repacked till after the Expiration of Fifteen Days it the least from the Day when the fame were first cured and paeked, and such Officer shall attend and fee the fable shipped; and if it shall appear that the Herrings so shipped shall have been repacked Fifteen Days at the least from the Day when they were first cured and paeked, the said Officer shall give a Certificate thereof under his Hand to the Mafter of the VefleF or Boat in which the said Herrings (hajl be so shipped to be carried Coaftwife, specifying the Marks on the Barrels, and the Name of the Veffel or Boat in which the fame shall have been so shipped, the Name of the Mafter thereof, and the Port for which the fame shall be bound/

XL. And be it further enacted, That no White Herrings shall be exported orshipped, or tendered to any Officer of "the Fimery or of the Cuftoms, to be shipped for Exportation at any Port or Place in Great Britain for any Port or Place whatever, unless the Barrel in which the fame shall be packed shall be at least Half an Inch irvThick-nefs at the Bulge, or for any foreign Potf. or Place in Europe, unless such Barrel shall be bound with Sixteen Hoops at the least made of Wood or Iron ; nor shall any such Herrings be exported or shipped, or\tendered to be shipped as aforesaid, for any Port or Place out of Europe, unless the Barrel in'which the fame shall be packed shall be a new Barrel and full bound, and have one Iron Hoop at each End; nor unless such Herrings shall have been repaeked, and a Space of Time not less than Fifteen Days shall have intervened from the Day when the fame were originally cured and paeked, before the fame were repacked all which shall be made to appear to the Satisfa&ion of the proper Officer of the Fiftiery and of the Cuftoms, at any Port or Place to which the fame shall have been brought Coaftwife for Exportation, by Certificate to be granted by the proper Officer of the Fifhery, at the Port or Place from which the fame were so sent Coaftwife a9 aforesaid, and Oath made thereon by the Exporter or his Agent before any such Officer, that the Herrings tendered for Exportation are the fame that 'were brought Coaftwife with such Certificate; nor shall any Barrel of White Herrings be exported or shipped, or tendered to any such Officer as aforesaid to be shipped for Exportation at any Port or Place irt Great Britain for any Port or Place whatsoever, being branded with any Mark or Charafter to denote that the Curer thereof is or was entitled to the Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel hereby granted, unless the fame shall in all Rcfpects be such as is by this Aft required to entitle the Curer thereof to the said Bounty; nor shall any Barrel of White Herrings be shipped for Ex-‘portation, till the Proprietor or his Agent (haul have produced the fame to the proper Officer of the Fiftiery, and performed every Thing which shall have been required of him by the laid Officer, and which the Curer on producing the fame in order to obtain the Bounty thereon is by this Aft required to perform, nor shall the fame be so shipped without the Prefence of the said Officer; and that all White Herrings, with the Barrels containing the fame, which shall be exported, shipped or tendered to be shipped for Exportation contrary to this Aft, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fifhery or of the Cuftoms.

XL I. ‘ And, in order to prevent any Frauds in the Exportation ‘ of Herrings/ be it further enacted, That every Officer of the Filhery

to

A.D.i8o8.

48° GEO. IIL

C. no.

381

to whom any Barrels of White Herrings shall be produced or tendered tnderedfor in order to be shipped for Exportation, shall examine the fame, and J^porutioa. inspect and weigh the Herrings in such and so manyof the Barrels as he shall think proper, in order to ascertain whether the said Barrel or Barrels of Herrings be in all Refpefts such as may lawfully be ex* ported or shipped to be exported to the Port or Place for which the lame shall be entered: Provided always, that if any White Herrings contained in any Barrel or Barrels which shall be so marked with any Mark or Charafter to denote that the Curer thereof is or was entitled to the said Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel as aforesaid, not being	'

prohibited to he exported for any Caufc other than on due Examination their being found to be of such Defcription as riot to entitle the Curer thereof to the Bounty of Two Shillings per Barrel, and not of such a Defcription as would make them liable* to Forfeiture, in cafe they were produced by the Curer with Intent to obtain the said Bounty, shall he tendered to any Officer of the Fi(hery to he shipped for Exportation, and such Officer shall deem such Herrings to he of bad or indifferent Quality, or not properly cured or paeked, or the •

Barrel or Barrels in which the fame shall be contained not to be of sufficient Strength, and that for such Caufe the fame cannot he allowed to be exported or shipped for Exportation, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, the Herrings or the Barrels containing the fame shall not he forfeited; and it in the Event of a Refufal to allow the Exportation for any of those Causes, the Proprietor shall not be fatisned with the Opinion of the Officer, the Matter in Difpute shall be fettled and determined in the fame Man-. ner as is hereinbefore directed in the Cafe of a like Difpute arifmg between the Curer of Herrings and the Officer of the Fifhery, to whom the fame shall he produced iu order to obtain the said Bounty of Two ShiUii	r Barrel.

XLII. An it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to ship No Gaft or put on hoard any Bufs, Veffel or Boat, at any Port or Place in Great Sufferance or Britain, where an Officer of the Fifhery shall be stationed for the 2?ri-	*

ttjh Herring Fifhery, Salt, Nets, Barrels, and other Fifhing Stores fertl,*"s and Proviiions necessary for the Suftenance of the Crew thereof, and fa Salt, Nets, to carry and convey the fame to the said Fifhery without a Sufferance &c. for the or Warrant or Coaft Cocket from the Officers of the Cuftoms, and Herring FUhery, also to unfhip and land Herrings and Salt, Nets, Barrels, and other Fifhing Stores out of any Bufs, Veffel or Boat from the British jj^ce c’ Herring Fifhery, without a Sufferance or Warrant from the Officers *	1

of the Cuftoms, and without the Prefence of an Officer of the Cuftoms, except in any Cafe where any special Provifion is made to .the contrary in this Aft: Provided the fame be respectively shipped or put on board, carried, landed or unshipped in the Manner, and according to the Regulations of this Aft: Provided also, that 5 53 \ nothing herein contained shall extend to repeal any Provifions in any Aft made for securing the Duties on Salt, with respect to (hipping, carrying or landing Salt.

XLill. 4 And in order that the proper Officers of the Cuf-

*	toms and Excife may be informed of and be epabled to register the 4 true Quantities of all Salt, Nets, Barrels, or other Fifhing Stores

*	(hipped at the respective Ports of Great Britain for the British Her-4 ring Fifhery, and of all Herrings, Salt, Nets, Barrels, and other f Fiming Stores brought fron> the nriti/h White Herring Fifhery, and

4 landed

C. no.

i

Fifhery Officer iliall transmit Copies of Documents of Salt, &t. ihipped, and Herrings, Salt, &c. landed, to the Coile&or, &c. of the Cuitoms.

Herrings may ' be cured and packed in Half Barrels.

FMhcry Officers may go and remain on board Veflela or Boats, mfpc6l Documents, &c.

Name of Place, Owner, &c, lba!L be painted on Boats employed

48? GEO. 111.	A.D.	1808.

* landed at the respective Ports of Great Britainbe it enacted, That every Officer of the Fifhery, by whom any Licence or Certificate shall be granted to the Mailer of any Buf$, VefTel or Boat, fpe-cifying the respective Quantities of Salt, Nets, Barrels, of other Fifh-ing Stores shipped or put on board such Bufs, VefTel, or Boat, at any Port Or Place of Great Britain for the British Herring Fifhery, shall without Delay transmit to the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Ciiftoms at such Port, a Copy of the Licence or Certificate so granted by him 5 and every Officer of the Fifhery by whom an Account shall be taken of any Herrings, Salt, Nets, or other Fifhing Stores landed out of any Bufs, VefTel, or Boat from the British Herring Fifhery at any Port or Place in Great Britain, shall without Delay transmit to the Colle&or and Comptroller or other Chief Officer of the Cu(lom9 at such Port, a Copy of the Account so taken by him as aforesaid, with the Name of the Bufs, VefTel, or Boat, the* Name of the Mailer thereof, and the Port where the fame was fitted or cleared out for the said Fifhery.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to cure and pack Herrings taken in the British Herring Fifhery in Half Barrels, each of which {hall contain Sixteen Gallons Engltfb Wine Measure, and that the Bounty hereby granted of Two Shillings ter Barrel shall be allowed and paid for Herrings contained in such Half Barrels, two such Half Barrels being accounted equal to one Barrel,

SrovidecT that such Half Barrels, ana the Herrings contained therein, tall be subject and liable to all the Regulations, Penalties, ■ and Forfeitures by this Adi provided and imposed, in the fame Manner as if the Herrings were packed in Barrels.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer of the Fifhery to go and remain on board any Bufs, VefTel, or' Boat, having on board any Salt, Barrels, or other Fifhing Stores in Great Britain, intended for the British White Herring Fifhery, or being at any Place where Herrings shall be taken or cured, or proceeding from any such Place for any Port or Place in Great Britainy to examine the Condition of all Herrings, Salt, Barrels, or Nets on board of any such Bufs, VefTel, or Boat, and to put any Mark or Marks on the Barrel or Barrels in which any Herrings shall be contained on board thereof, and to take an Account .of the Names and Defcriptions of the Crew of such Bufs, VefTel, or Boat; and the Mailer of every such VefTel or Boat shall, if required by any Officer of the Fifhery fc to do, produce and deliver to such Officer for his Infpe&ion, the Certificate of Regiflry (if such VefTel or Boat shall be liable to Regiftry) and the Licence, Certificate, or Declaration which he shall or ought to have on board, and ihall give to such Officer a true Account of the Name of the Owner or of each of the Owners of such Bufs, VefTel, and Boat, and of the Place where such Owner resides, and the Name of each of the Crew thereof ; and if any Mailer of any such Bufs, VefTel, or Boat as afore-said, shall not, upon being required by any Officer of the Fifhery so to do, comply with all or any of the Requifitions herein contained, every Perfon lo offending (half forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XLV I. And be it further enacted. That upon every Boat which shall be employed in the British Herring Fifhery, within the Limits of a Port of Four Leagues of the Coaft of Great Britain, there fhall

be

C. no.

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. III.

be painted in White Roman Letters not less than Two' Inches in Length, on a Black Ground, the Name of the Place to which the fame shall belong, on a conspicuous Place outside of the Stern ; and the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners thereof on a conspicuous Place inside of the Stern, and every Boat employed in the laid Fifhery within the Limits or Diftance aforesaid, on which such Names as aforesaid shall not be painted in Manner before dirested, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fifhery, Cuftoms, or Excife.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer of the Fifhery, at all Times when Herrings are curing and packing or repaeking, and at all other Tunes in the Day (or if in the Night m the Prefence of a Constable or other Officer of the Peace) to enter and come into any Cellar or Warehoufe of any Curer of Herrings, or into any Place where Herrings shall be cured, packed or repaeked,' to view and infpsft Herring3 during the Time of their being cured, packed or repaeked, and to put such a Mark or Marks on any Barrel or Barrels in which they shall be packed or repaeked, as they shall think fit; which Mark or Marks shall not be altered or defaced.

XLVIIL And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Herring Fifhery to be appointed pursuant to this Aft, shall and they are hereby authorized to make Rules and Regulations directing in what Form and Manner every Journal, Declaration or Account required by this Aft shall be kept or made, and by what Means and Methods the Provilions of this Aft shall be observed, performed, and put in Execution, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof 4 also for sorting the Herrings taken, (that is to fay), for packing or repacking Herrings of one, Clafs separately from Herrings of another Class, or from any other Herrings whatever, such ClalTes to be determined and defined in and by such Rules or Regulations as aforesaid, according to Size or other Description or Denomination, as to the said Commissioners shall appear moil conducive to the Improvement of the said Fifhery; the Herrings of each Clafs to be diltinguifhed by such Mark or Charafter respectively, as in and by the said Rules and Regulations shall be directed ; and whenever any Herrings sorted according to such Rules or Regulations as aforesaid, shall be produced to any Officer of the Fifhery, according to the Direftions of this A»ft, such Officer being, satisfied that such Herrings are duly sorted, and to what Clafs the fame ought to belong, he mall catife such Mark or Charafter to be burnt on each Barrel in his Prefence, as by the said Rules and Regulations shall be dirested, in order to denote hdw the said Herrings ffiould be classed; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized . to make Rules or Regulations directing what Marks or Charafters shall be fet or branded on any Barrel or Barrels, of Herrings for any of the Purpofes of this Aft respectively, the Size of every such Mark or Charafter, and the Part of the Barrel on whiefy the fame shall be fet or branded, and the Manner in which any Mark or Charafter not hereby required to be branded shall be fet thereon, which Rules and Regulations they are hereby required to make pub-lick, in the Manner which shall appear to them likely to be moll ef-feftual for the Information of the Parties interested therein 5 aud if any Mark or Charafter shall be fet or branded on any Barrel of Herrings for any of the Purpofes of this Aft, in any Manner which shall not

383

In the Herring Fiibciy.

Fifhery OfSocn may enter VV aivhvjuses, Storehouses, &c* of FiA Cura.

Commif&onen of the Fifhery fHa.il appoint the Forms of Documents, mud the Manner <of carrying this AA iuto Execution.

48® GEO. III.

AJ). 1808*

m

PmsTtr on faMe Oath, Ptrrj'uiy.

PmaTty on Per unis iraudulnirly branding Barrels •f Herring, or inj; jDociuncuts, $.c.

sol. or

Inv tifunment mod Forfeiture.

Parrel* with Maits altered, &c. iuay be , feued.

C. 11 o.

be conformable to the special Provifions of this Aft,' or to such Rules and Regulations as aforesaid ; or if any Mark or Charafter more than the true or proper Mark or Marks, Charafter or Charafters preferibed by this Aft, and by such Rules or Regulations as aforesaid, shall be fet or branded on any barrel of Herrings, the Curer or Curers, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof shall not be entitled, in respect of the lame, to claim any Benefit by this Aft provided, for any Barrel of Herrings marked or branded according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof; and if any Journal, Declaration, Account, or Oath by this Aft required to be kept or made, or any Thing required by this Aft to be done or performed by or on Behalf of any Curer or Proprietor of Hearings, or Owner or Owners, or Mailer of any Ship, Veflel, or Boat, shall respectively he kept, made, done, or performed, in any Form or Manner not conformable to such Rule or Regulation as aforesaid, such Perfon or Perfons shall not be entitled to claim any Benefit by this v Aft, to which fuqh Perfon would have been entitled in cafe such Journal, Declaration, Account, or Oath, or other Matter or Tiling had been respectively kept, made, done, or performed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft.

XLIX. And be it further enacted. That every Perfon before whom any Oath is hereby directed or required to Jbe made shall be, • and every such Perfon is hereby authorised and required to administer such Oath 5 and if any Perfon or Perfons shall wilfully make a false Oath respecting any Thing which by this Aft is required to be sworn, every such Perlon shall upon Conviftion be^liable to the Punilhment of Perjury.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfpn, other than an Officer of the Filhery, or not being authorized by or without the Prefence of such Officer, shall fraudvdently bum or brand, orcaufe to be ..burnt or branded, or have in his Cuftody or Pofleffion any In* flrument for the Purpofe of burning or branding on any Barrel or Calk of Herrings any Mark or Marks, Charafter or Charafters, which by virtue of this Aft shall be appointed or directed to be burnt or branded on any Barrel of Herrings, b^ Order and in Prefence of such Officer, or any Mark or Charafter in Imitation thereof; or if any Perfon shall alter, eraze, or falsify any Licence, Certificate, Account, Declaration, Oath, or other Document preferibed by this Aft, every Perfon so offending shall on being convicted thereof in England before a Jufticeof the Peace, or in Scotland before the Sheriff of the Cdunty where the Offence shall be committed or the Offender found, Ihallior every such Offence forfeited pay a Sum of Money not exceeding Fifty Pounds, or suffer Imprifonment for any Time not exceeding Six Months; and every Barrel or Calk on which any such Mark or Charafter shall be fraudulently burnt or branded as aforesaid, with the Herrings therein contained, and every Inftrument which shall be in the Pofleffion of any Perfon for the Purpofe of fraudulently burning or branding the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be feiz.ed by any Officer of the Filhery, Cuftoms, or Excife.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Mark fet or branded on any Barrel of Herrings by any Officer or Officers of the Filhery, pursuant to this Aft, or to any Rules or Regulations which shall be made by the aforesaid Commissioners for the Herring Filhery shall be altered or defaced, every such Barrel, with the Herrings therein

6	contained,

£D. 1808.

48* GEO. III.

C. no.

385

contained, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fiihery.

LII. A.id be it further ena.ded, That nothing in this Ad contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or alter any of the Provifions in an Ad palled in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Riign of His present Majessy, intituled. An A El for transferring the Management of the Sait Duties to the Comm'ijftuners of Exctfe,jind for repealing the Duties on Salty and the Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties paid thereout, and for granting eth.r Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances* and Bounties thereon* rcfpe&ing the Ufe or Application of Salt in curing Fi(h.

LII I. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons shall admit, refill, oppose, molest, or hinder, any Officer or Officers of the Fiihery, or any Perfon or Perfons acting in his or their Aid or Affiftance in the Execution of this Ad, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained, every such Perfon so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

LI V. And be it further enacted,That if any Officer of the Fifhery shall demand, tpke or receive, directly or indirectly, any Fee, Gratuity, or Reward whatever, other than such Salary as shall be allowed him by the Crown, for any Thing done by him in the Execution of this Ad, or of his Office or Employment aforesaid, every such Officer . on being convicted thereof shall forfeit his Office and the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and shall be deemed thenceforth incapable of being employed in any Office or Employment under the Crown.

LV. * And, for eucouragiug the Inhabitants on the Sea Coafts of

*	Scotland* to provide larger Boats than are now used in the Herring c Eifhery, and to take Herrings at a greater Dillaiice from the Shore

*	than can be done in such small Boats as are now used therein ;* be

further enacted, That from and after the Firfl Day of June One thousand eight hundied and nine, the said Commissioners for the Herring Fifhery to be appointed pursuant to this Ad shall be and they are hereby authorized to allow Premiums or Bounties not exceeding the Sum of Three thousand Pounds in the whole in any one Year, to be paid to Perfons whp shall employ Boats of a Burthen not less than Fifteen Tons by Admeafurement in the taking Herrings on the Coall of Scotland, who shall cure and pack the fame according to such Plan, and to such Rules <md Regulations as the said Commissioners shall make and publish in that Behalf; and that within one Month after the Fifth Day of April in each Year, the said Commissioners shall cause a Lift to be made of the Names of the Perfons entitled to the said Bounties or Premiums, the Place of Refidence of each of the said Perfons, the Name of the Boat or Boats, and the Tonnage thereof, which shall be employed by each Perfon or Perfons respectively, and the Sum of Money which they shall affi^n to each Perfon respectively, which Lift, certified by the said Commissioners, shall be transmitted to the Commissioners of Excife in Scotland, and the said Commissioners of Excife shall and are hereby authorized and required to cause the said Sums to be paid out of any Money in their Hands arifmg from Duties under their management, to the respective Perfons entitled thereto, oh their respectively producing and delivering a Certificate from the said Commissioners for the Herring Fifliery to thalt Effed; provided that the said Bounties or Premiums shall not exQeed the aforesaid Sum of Three thousand Pounds in any One Year.	■-•*'**

48 Geo. 1IL	Cc	LVI.	An*

07G.S. e. 80. (§61,

& §92—100.)

u to Salt for curing FUh, not repealed.

Penalty bn Perfons refiAinr See. Officers or the Fiihery,

Penalty on Officers receiving Fees, 1001. and incapacity..

Commiffioners may allow Premiums or Bounties not exceeding -3000l. per Annum to Herring Boats exceeding 16 Tons, on die Coailot Scotland.

Quorum of CommifGoncrs.

lUcorwy and Application of penalties and , forfeiture*.

Provilions delating to*

Juft ices, Ac. in the Execution of ftieir Offices, extended to this

A&

Officers not liable to Suits for Adts done fender this Alt.

Treble Colts.

Jurifdi&ion of' Sheriffs in Scotland extended to Difputrs

r dheries within 10 Miles of the Coast, &c.

Caro.	48°	GEO.	lib	A<D.i8’o8.

LVI. And be it further enacted. That any Thing by this A& directed or required to be done by the Commiflioners for the Herring Fifhery to be appointed pursuant to this Ad, shall and may be done by such Number of them as by the Letter# Patent for the Appointment of such Commiflioners shall be determined.

LVI I, And be it further enacted, That any Fine, Penalty, or’ Forfeiture by this Ad imposed, except in any Cafe where other Pro-vifion is hereby made, shall be sued for, recovered, and levied as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered^ or levied by any Law or Laws of Cuftoms or Excife, pr by Adion of Debt/ Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His MajeftyV Courts of Record at Wejbminftety of in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, refpec-tively, One Moiety of luch Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to the Ufe of His Majessy, His Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to such Pertpn or Perfons as shall inform or sue for the fame.

LVlII. And be it further enacted, That all Privileges, Protec-* tiohs, ^nd Provilions given and ordained by any Ad or for Juf-tices of the Peace, or Officers of the Cuftoms and Excife, on the Oc-cafion of their acting in the Execution of their respective Offices, as to any Adion or Suit, or the tendering of Amends, of the Payment of Coils or other Thing, shall extend to the aforesaid Commissioners of the Herring Fifhery, and to the Soperintendant and the Officers, of the Fifhery appointed in pursuance of this Ad, and to all Perfons appointed to ad under them, or acting in their Aid or Affiftance in the Execution thereof.

LIX. And be it further enacted. That no Superintendapt or other Officer acting in the Execution of arty of the Provilions of this Ad, or in the enforcing any Rules and Regulations made and in force under the Authority thereof, shall be deemed a TreTpafler, or be liable to any Adion, Suit, or Profecution, for or by reafoa of any Ad, Matter, or Thing done in the Execution of his Office, and for the carrying the Provilions of this Ad into Execution, and enforcing any Rules or Regulations established under the fame, and not done by him maliciously; and if any Perfon shall bring a Suit Or Adion for any such Matter or Thing, and the Court or Jury shall find that the fame was not done maliciously, such Perfon shall dc nonsuited, and pay Treble Cofts to the Defendant.

LX. * And whereas it may be useful to provide a Jurifdidion for 4 preferring Order and settling Difputes among Perform carrying on the Fifhery for Herrings on the Coaft and in the Lakes of Scotland;1 be it therefore enacted,.That the Jurifdidion of the Sheriffs and Stewarts Depute of Scotland, and their Subftitutes, shall be extended over all Perfons engaged in catching, curing, and dealing in Fifh in all the Lochs, Bays, and Arms of the Sea within their respective Counties and Stewartries, and also within Ten Miles of the Coafts of their said Counties and Stewartries, and that in as full and ample a Manner as the fame is exercised over the Inhabitants pf these Counties and Stew* artries; and if any Loch, Bay, or Arm of the Sea shall adjoin to Two or more Counties or Stewartries, or any other Part of the Sea shall be within Ten Miles of the Coafts of Two or more Counties or Stewartries, the Sheriffs and Stewarts of the said Counties and Stew-artrits shall have and exercile a concurrent Jurifdidion over such Perfons as aforesaid, in any such Loch, Bay, or Arm of the Sea which

C. no, 111

387

48°, GEO. III.

(hall be in or opposite to their respective Counties and Stewartries, or any Part of the Sea within the aforesaid Diftance of the Coaft thereof, LXI. And be it further enadb?<)» That this Adt flnll contioue in Force until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.

CAP. CXI.

An Aft for enabling His Majesty to eftablHh a permanent Local Miiiti^ .Force, under certain Reftri&ions, fur the Defence of the Realm.	[30th	June 1808.]

*	XTTHEREAS it is expedient in the present Circumftances t>f f

*	VV Europe, that a Local Militia Force should be eftablilhed,

*	trained, and permanently maintained, under certain Reftridtions in

*	England, to be called forth and employed in cafe of lovafion in Aid

*	of His Majefty’« Regular Militia Forces for the Defence of the

*	Realm 5 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may he en-

*	a&ed ;* and be it er.a&ed by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That a permanent Local Militia Force {hall be ballotted and enrolled in England, at such Periods, and in such Counties, or in any such Divilions or Parts of any Counties, and in such Proportions in any, such Divilions or Parts or any Counties, as His Majesty {hall by any Warrant or Warrants under His Royal Sign Manual specify, order, and direct in that Behalf, according to the Provifions of this Adt, and under the Reftri&ions and Regulations hereiu-after mentioned.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Number of Men so ballotted and enrolled under this A ft, {hall not, in any County or Divilion, or Part of any County, exceed such Number as will, in addition to and together with and including the effedtiye Yeomanry and Volunteers then serving in such County, or such Divi-fion or Part of such County refpedHvely, exclusive of Supernumeraries above the Eftahlilhment 01 such Corps serving without ray, who {hall have been enrolled therein after the First Day of Jlpril One thousand eight hundred and eight, amount to Six Times the rcfpedtive original Quota or Proportion off the original Quota of Militia of such County, or Divilion or Part of such County respectively, under an Adt passed in the Forty-fecond Year of the Reign of His present .Majefty, relating to the Militia of England.

III.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when and so often as the Number of effective Yeomanry and Volunteers in any County, or Divilion, or Part of any County, {hail be reduced by the dilbanding or discontinuing the Services of any Corps of Yeomaqry or Volunteers, or by reaion of the effective Members of any such Corps being diminilhcd, it {hall be lawful for His Majesty from Time to Time to order and direct that a Number of Local Militia Men equal in Amount to such Deficiency {hall be forthwith ballotted and enrolled under this Adi, so that the Number in the Whole of the Local Militia under this Adt, and effedtive Yeomanry and Volunteers, shall be equal to Six Times the Amount of such Quota or Proportion of Quota as aforesaid.

IV. And

fContinuance il

Aa.

[See Chapter ISQ /or Scotland.]

A permanent Local Militia shall be ballotted and enrolled in England.

Not to exceed

(including Volunteers) Six Times the original Quota of Militia under 42G.3.C.90,

Deficiencies in effe&lve Volunteers shall be supplied by additional Loca. Militia Men.

Co

3*«	"	,

On receiving Order to ballot Men, Lord Lieutenant, stall apppint General and Subdivifion Meetings. •

His Majesty may order Counties to be divided wherein more than One Regiment,s&c. of Local Miljtia is to be nifal.

Powers of'MHitia Ails extended to this Adi.

Two Deputy Lieutenants, or One and a Juft.ce, may adl.

C.m.	48°	GEO.	Ilf.	A.D.	1808.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That immediately after any such Order shall have been received by any Lord Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant, or Three Deputy Lieutenants executing the Office of Lord Lieutenant, the laid Lord Lieutenant, Vice Lieutenant, oj Deputy Lieutenants shall summon General and Subdivifion Meetings', and such General and Subdivifion Meetings respectively shall enquire in what Hundreds or Parifhes or Places such Deficiency shall have arisen, and shall proceed to divide and apportion the Numbers so deficient among the Hundreds, Parifhes, and Places respectively in which such Deficiency shall be found to exist, and proceed to the ballotting and enrolling of Men for the Local Militia, according to the Provifions of this Aft.

V.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, in any Cafe in which more than One Regimept, Battalion, or Corps of Local Militia is ordered to be raised in any County, to direft the Lieutenant, Vice Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants of such County to divide such County, for the Purpofesof this Aft, into such Number of Divifions as there are Regiments, Battalions, or Corps to be raised in such County, Regard being had to the Number of rer-fons liable to serve and 'the Eftablifhment of each Regiment, and all other Circumftances of local Convenience; and from and aftec such Division, each of such Divifions of such County shall supply all Vacancies arising in the Regiments, Battalions, or Corps respectively belonging to such Divifions s Provided always, that such Divifions and aQ Apportionments made in pursuance thereof may be from Time

‘ to Time varied or altered, as Occafion may require.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in the said Aft of the Fortv-fecond Year of His Majefty’s Reign, or in any Aft pafied in the last Seffion of Parliament, or in any other Afts now in force relating to the Militia of England, shall, as far as the fame are applicable and can be applied to and for the Purpofe of carrying this Aft into Execution, and are not hereby altered, varied, or repealed, be used, exercised, applied, and put in force for ihe railing the Local Militia, and for the training ana exerciling the fame as the regular Militia may be trained and exercised wheu not embodied, until tne said Militia shall be called out and embodied under any Order in Council or Proclamation pur-fuaut to the Provifions of this Aft; and all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, MaUers, and Things contained in the said Afts in relation to the Regular Militia of England when embodied, and not hereby altered, varied or repealed, shall, as far as the fame arc applicable and can be applied, be used, exercised, applied, and put in force, in relation to the Militia under this Aft, when so called out and embodied, in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Exemptions, Penalties,' Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were again repeated and re-enafted in this Aft s Provided always, that all Afts, Matters, and Things to be done by any Deputy Lieutenants or Juft ices (fave and except such Matters and Things as are required to be done by the several Afts at General Meetings of Lieutenants) shall and may be done and performed by Two Deputy Lieutenants, or by One Deputy Lieutenant and One Juft ice of the Peace*

VII. And

48° GEO. in.

C.IIT.

389

VII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

Deputy Lieutenants, and they are hereby required, at the first or any adjourned or other General Meeting held for the Purpofe of carrying this A& into Execution, to ascertain the Number and local Situation of all Extra-parochial Places within their respective Counties, and to add each of the fame for the Purpofcs of this A61 to such Parilh as may appear to be molt convenient for the Purgpfe of carrying this A6t into Execution, and from and after the;, adding any Extra-parochial Place by the Deputy Lieutenants at any General Meeting to any adjoining Parifh, such Extra-parochial. Places shall for the Purpofes of this Adt be deemed and taken to' be Part of such Parifh; and all Deputy Lieutenants, Chief Conilables, and Special and other Conilables, and all other Officers and Perfons whatsoever, having any Power, Authority, or Jurifdidfion in such Pari(h,in relation to the carrying this A6t into Execution, {hall have like Power, Authority, and Jurifdidtion in such Extra-parochial Place for all Purpofes whatever in relation to the carrying this A61 into Execution, as fully and amply as if such Extfyparochial Place. made Part of such Parilh.	'	-	*

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Men to be raised under this A61 shall be ballolted out of and from the. Perfons between the Ages of Eighteen and Thirty, returned in the Eifts now exiilirig, or which may hereafter be made and returned or amended and corrected for the railing of the Militia under any A61s relating to the Militia of England; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty, if He shall think fit, to order and dire6t the making out any new Lifts, and in such Clares as to Age or otherwise, and in such Form as may be deemed .expedient for the Purpofe of carrying this A61 into Execution; and no Perfon ballotted to serve in the Local Militia, shall be allowed to jfind or provide any Subftitute to serve in his Stead, or be entitled to any Bounty pr Half Bounty 5 any Thing in this or any other A61 to the contrary not with (landing,

IX.	And be it further enacted. That on making out or amending pf any Lifts after the palling of this A61, of Perfons lit to serve in the Local Militia, every Perfon who shall wilfully neglect to appeal within the Time appointed for that' Purpose, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Twenty ^Shillings, at the Difcretion of any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants or Juftjces of the Peace or Magiftrates, and on Non-payment thereof J>e imprisoned, at the Difcretion of any Two or more Deputy Lieutenant8 or Justices of the Peace or Magiftrates as aforesaid, f^r any TpAe not exceeding Fourteen Days.

X.	And be it further enabled, That no Perfon shall be appointed p? a61 as a Special Constable for the Purpofe of assisting in the making out any new Lifts, ojr otherwise in aiding in the Execution of this A61, who shall not be above the Age of Thirty Years.

XI.	And be it further ena61ed. That it shall be lawful for any Two Deputy Lieutenants, or any Deputy Lieutenant and Juftice of the Peace, upon the Examination of any person Hating his Inability to serve from Illnefs, bodily Infirmity or debility, or if such Perfon is prevented by such Illnefs or Infinity from attending, on such Certificate of any Phyfician, Surgeon, or Apothecary, a£fually prac-fifing as such, as shall be fatista&ory to such Deputy Lieutenant or JuiLce, that any Perfon enrolled to lerve under this <A& 19 from M-

C c 3	nefs

Extra-parochial Placrs I hall bo added to adjoining ParUhes,

Men shall be: ballotted out of Perfona between 18 and 30, returned ha Militia Lula*

No Subftitute. or Bounty allowed.

Penalty on neglecting to appeal within the limited Time,

5l. to 20s., &C*

Special 'f1 Conftabjea (haU .-be abort 30. YeanoKh (

Exemption far Perfons unable to serve from * Illnefs or bodily Infirmity.

3 9°

Exemptions: Mtniftf'rs,

Med,cal Men* Pei foiw employed in the Tower, &c.

Perfons fenring, &r. under 43 G. 3. c. S3.. '

Period of Exemption of Perfons having served in Militia, tec.

Certain Perfont exempted from serving in the Militia, liable to fern in the Eocal Militia.

Apprentice* ^allotted shall not inlift in the Army, Sec. without the Mafter’sConfent. Service under this A& ftiall not aflfeft Contn&s of Service*

»	i

C. III.	48°	GEO.	III.	A.D.180V

nefs or any bodily Infirmity or Debility unable to serve, to cause such Perfon to be {truck out of the Enrolment, and excused from Fine and from Service under this Aft, so long as such Illnefs, bodily Infirmity, or Debility, {hall continue.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That no licensed Teacher of any Congregation in Holy Orders, or pretended Holy Orders, and not carrying on any other Trade, or exercising any other Occupation for his Livelihood, except that of a SchoOlmaster, nor any Medical Man actually practising as a Phyfician, Surgeon, or Apothecary, and no Perfon muttered, trained, or doing Duty or employed in His Ma-jetty’s Service in the Tower of London, the Royal Arfenal at IV00U <wuh, or at any Gun Wharfs, or at any Powder Mills, Powder Magazines, or other Storehouses belonging to His Majesty, under the Direction of the Board of Ordnance, shall be liable to be ballotted for the Local Militia, so long only as they respectively continue within any of the Defcriptions aforesaid ; and every Perfon who {hall havfe served, or is now serving in Perfon in the additional Military Force, raised under an Aft palled in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or who {hall have been ballotted, and {hall have provided any Subftitute, or shall have paid any Fine for not serving or finding a Subftitute in such additional Force, {hall be exempt from Ballot and Service in the Local Militia, in like Manner, and for the fame Period, as such Perfon was or is exempt from Ballot and Service in the Regular Militia during the Continuance of the said Aft of the Forty-third Year aforesaid; any Thing in any A ft orAfts of Parliament to the contrary not with Handing.

XIII* Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Perfon having served in the Regular Militia' or such additional Force, or provided any Subftitute, or paid any Fine for not serving, or finding any Subftitute in the Regular Militia or such additional Force as aforesaid, {hall be entitled to Exemption from being ballotted under this Aft, for any longer Period than Four Years after the Expiration of his Period of Service, if he {hall have served in Perfon, or Six Years from the Period of any such Subftitute being enrolied, or Four Years after having paid any such Fine.

XIV* And be it further enacted, That no articled Clerk or Apprentice, nor any poor Man who has less than Three Children born in Wedlock, nor any Perfon under the Height of Five Feel Four Inches, who shall be of the Height of Five Feet Two Inches, or upwards, {hall, by reason thereof, respectively be exempt from being ballotted and serving under this Aft, notwith(landing such Perfons may, by reason of coming within any of such Defcriptions as aforesaid, respectively be exempt from serving iii the Militia under any Afts relating to the Militia.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize any Apprentice ballotted under this Aft, to inlift in the Army, Navy, Marines, or Regular Militia, or to enter as a Volunteer in the Local Militia without the Coufent of his Mafter; provided also, that no Bailot, Enrolment, and Service 1 nder this Aft, shall extend to make void or in any Manner toaffeft any Indenture of Apprentice-fhip or Contraft of Service between any Matter or Servant, notwith-ftanding any Covenant or Agreement in any such Indenture or Con-tract, and no Service under this Aft of any Apprentice or Servant (hall

A«D> i8oSj	48°	GEO.	Ill,	Ci	39^

be deemed or construed or taken to be an Abfcnce from Service, or a Breach of any Covenant or Agreement as to any Set vice or Abfence from Service in any Indenture of Apprenticefhip or Contra61 of Service ; any Thing contained in any Aft or Aft« of parliament, or Law or Laws, or Deed or Indenture of Apprenticefhip or Contraft of Service, to the contrary notwithflandirig.

XVL And. be it further enacted, That every Perfon chosen by Oath of Perfcnf Ballot to serve in the Local Militia, /Hall appear at some Meeting to balkrtted under be appointed for that Purpose; and if on Examination such Perfon	,

(hall be found able and fit for Service, he shall then and there take the following Qath ; (that is to fay,)

1 T A. B. do sincerely promise and swear, that I will be faithful ‘ and bear trite Allegiance to His Majesty King George ; and that « I will faithfully ferye m the Local Militia of the County or City of «	within	Great	Britain, for the Defence of the

« fame, during the Time of Four Years for which I am enrolied, un-* less I shall be sooner di (charged.	So	help me GOD.*

And every such Perfon shall be then and there enrolied, in & Roll to be Period ofSeroce, 'prepared for that Purpose, to serve in the Local Militia of fnch Coun- 4 Year*, ty as a private Local Militia Man for the Sp^ce of Four Years.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon ballotted to Fine on Ferfonv serve in the Local Militia under this Aft, shall, after Notice given to ballotted not him, or.left at his usual or last Place of Abode, of his having been so ballotted, refuse or neglect to appear within such Period and at £ol. or iol.** such 'Place as shall be appointed for that Purpofe within the Subdf- according to iejf yifion for which he shall have been so ballotted, (which Times find Income. ' Places shall be appointed by the Deputy Lieutenants in their re-fpeftive Subdiviuons under. any Order of the Lieutenant of the (County, and Notice thereof given by the Conflables of the several Pari flies, by putting up the fame on Churches, Chapels, or other con-fpicuous Places,) and be enrolled under this Aft, and take the Oath to serve under this Aft, such Perfon shall forfeit the Sum of Thirty Pounds ; or if a Perfon pot having or receiving any annual Sum,of Money, Profits, Gains, Allowances, or other Income whatfoeyer,

^mounting in the whole to Two hundred Pounds, clear of all Outgoings, Taxes, or Reprizes, the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if not amounting in the whole to One hundred Pounds, clear of all Outgoings, Taxes, or Reprizes, the Sum of Ten Pounds; and every To be paid to the such Fine shall be paid to the Clerk of the Subdivifion Meetings, Gericofthe who shall,on Receipt thereof give a Certificate, without Fee or Subdivifion Reward, of the fame being paid, which Certificate shall be coun- b him b’ta d# terfigped by some Juftice of tne Peace or Deputy Lieutenant, and	10

(hall, within Twenty-ope Days after the Receipt thereof, pay the fame into the Bank of England to a separate Account of the Pay-mailer General of His Majefty’s Forces for the Purpofes of the Local Militia of Great Britain, which separate Account the said Pay-mailer General is hereby required to open at the Bank of England, and the Payment of such Fine shall exempt such Perfon from being Such Fines flail ballotted and enrolled under this Aft for Two Years and no longer; exempt for Tvs and such Perfon shall be liable to be ballotted and enrolled in the Year^ ^ean next but one after that in which he shall have been so ballotted as aforesaid, and in like Manner to serve or pay such Fine aforesaid, and so in each Second succeeding Year.

C54	SVIII.	Am}

39*

Perforu N

imprifoned for Non-payment of Fin«*t, shall serve when released.

Declaration or Certificate by Perfona claiming Exemption upon ' Payment of 20l. or 10I.

Penalty for false PecUfvtioo, 50l.

Perfons ballot ted engaging to serve |n Volunteer Corps at their own Expeoce, shall have Half die Fine remitted: but if they shall not continue to serve for Four Years, they shall forfeit Treble the Sum remitted, and be liable to serve ih the Load Militia.

Dayi of Attendance of Volunteers shall be specified iu Certificatas.

C.iiu	48°	GEO.	III. '	4.D.	180$.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted^ That any Perfon imprifoned

for’ the Non-payment of any Fine for not appearing to be enrolied, or for refufir.g or neglcfting to attend Exercife, mall be liable to serve for the full Period of Four Years after the Expiration of such Imprifonment.	1

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That every Perfon claiming to be exempted from Service under this Aft, upon Payment of the Fine of Twenty Pounds, or Ten Pounds instead of Thirty Pounds, shall lign a Declaration that the Amount of his Income does not exceed Two hundred Pounds or One hundred Pounds as aforesaid, as the Cafe may be, and shall deliver the fame to the Deputy Lieutenants before whom he shall appear to claim such Exemption, or p«-oduce a Certificate to the like Effest, allowed by any Commiflioners under any Aft relating to the Rates and Duties arising on Property, Prosessions, Trades, and Offices, or to any Allowances made on any such Rates and Duties* within Twelve Months previous to the Produftion of such Certificate; and eveiy Perfon who shall make any false Declaration in relation to any such Claim, shall forfeit and pay for such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds in addition to such Fine.

XX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if any Perfon ballotted to serve in the Local Militia shall enter and enrol himself as a Member of any Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps, and engage to serve,therein at his own Expence and without Pay or Allowance, and shall produce a Certificate from the Commanding Officer of such Corps, ot his having clothed, armed, and equipped himself, according to the Regulations of such Corps, at his own Expence, such Arms being according to His Majefty’s Regulations, it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants, and they are hereby required to remit One-half Part of such Fin^s of Thirty Pounds, Twenty Pounds, and Ten Pounds respectively, as the Cafe may be, and every such Perfon shall be entered in the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Local Militia for which he shall have been ballotted, but shall nevertheless be exempt from serving in the said Local Militia so long as he shall continue an effective Member of a YeoVnanry or Volunteer Corps: Provided always, that if such Perfon having so entered and enrolled himself as aforesaid, shall not continue in and be returned as an effective Member of a Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps for the full Period of Four Years, and once in each Year transmit a Certificate of his being effestive, from the Commanding Officer of his Corps to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps in which he shall be so entered as- aforesaid, such Perfon shall forfeit treble the Amount of the Part of Fine so remitted as aforesaid, and be liable to serve for the Remainder of such Term of Four Years in the Local Militia : Provided always, That no Perfon shall be liable to the Payment of such Fine in any Cafe in which the Corps iu which he shall have so entered shall be disbanded or difcontjnued, or if he shall have been prevented from attending and being returned an effective Member of such Corps by reason of bodily Infirmity, to be duly certified by the Officer commanding the fame.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That every Commanding Officer of a Volunteer Corps shall, in the Margin of eveiy Certificate of the Number of Days on which any Member of his Corps shall have attended the Mufter or Exercife of his Corps, fpecity the particular DayS'On which he so attended.

1	XXII.	Provided

JLD.igpi}.	48°	GEO. in.	C.111.

*

XXII.	Provided aifo, and be it further enaAed, That every Per-fon claiming to be exempted from Service under this A A upon Payment of Fine as aforesaid, and every Perfon who shall be liable to the Payment of any Fine under this AA, for not appearing to be enrolled in the Local Militia, shall be summoned and required to appear before some Deputy Lieutenant or Juftice of the Peace, and shall be required by the Deputy Lieutenant before whom he shall appear to claim such Exemption, or by such Deputy Lieutenant or Juftice of the Peace before whom he mall be so summoned and required to appear as aforesaid, to sign a Declaration that he hath not direAly or mdireAiy by any Policy, Premium, or Promife of any Policy or Premium, or by any Engagement insured himself againtt such Fine, or any Part thereof, and that no Perfoa or Perfons hath or have direAly or in-direAly, in consideration of any Sum of Money or Promife of aqy Sum of Money, or Gift or Reward, or for any valuable Confideration whatever, undertaken, engaged, or promised in any Way to indemnify him therefrom, or from any Part thereof, or to repay to him, or to any Perfon or Perfons on his Behalf, or for his Urn, Benefit, or Advantage, the said Fine or any Part thereof 5 and in Cafe any Perfon so claiming to be exempt, or lo summoned or required to appear as aforesaid, fhali refuse so to figa such Declaration, or so to appear according to such Summons or Kequifition, or shall make any false Declaration in that Behalf, every such Perfon shall, upon ConviAion thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, forfeit Three Times the Amount of such Fine 5 and in Default of Payment thereof, fhali be confinedun any House ofCorreAion or Common Gaol for such County, for any Period not exceeding Three Months, or until Payment of such Penalty ; and fhali be liable personally to serve in the said Local Militia for the full Term of Four Years after the Expiration of such Imprifonment or the Payment of such Penalty.

XXIII.	And be it further enaAcd, That if any Perfon being one

of the People called Quakers, or of the People called Unttas Fratrum or United Brethren, who fhali be ballotted under this AA, fhpll produce before the Deputy Lieutenants of any Subdivifion Meeting, or any Two Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace, a Certificate under the Hands of Two or more refpeAable Houfekeepers, being of the People called Quakers, or of the People called Unttas Fratrum or United Brethren, resident within the County or Place of Refidence of such Perfon, and dated within Three Months immediately preceding the Day on which such Certificate shall be produced as aforesaid, acknowledging such Perfon to be one of their Persuasion, such Perfon fhali not be enrolied; and, it fhali be lawful for any such Deputy Lieutenants or Justices to adjudge any,fuch Perfon to pay such Proportion of such Fines as are by this A A imposed on Perfons ballotted and not appearing, as to such Deputy Lieutenants or Justices may appear to be proper, according to the Situation in Life and Property of such Perfon $ and the Amount of Fine so adjudged by such Deputy Lieutenants or Justices, may be levied by Diftrefs knd Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Perfon,' by Warrant under their Hands and Seals (the Overplus, if any, after deduAing of reasonable Charges, being rendered to the Party) ; and if no Goods or Chattels can be found whereby the Sum so imposed upon such Quaker or United Brother can be levied, then it fhali be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant or Juftice of the Peace, if he fhali think fit, to commit ^	fuch

393

Declaration of Perfons claiming Exemption upon Payment of Fines, &c. that lbfj have not insured.

Penalty on infilling to figu such Declantioii, or in appearing; or making a false Declaration, Treble Fine, &£•

Quakers, He. exempt from being enrolied, but Ihall pay Projiortion of Fines under Judgment of Deputy Lieutenants.



Where

Volunteers (fcs.ll

mrol tbeinfehres in any PariCh, Y.p Ballot shall take place, or only for the Nulnbqr deficient*

Benefits of friendly Societies not forfeited by Service under this Aft.

Bounty of Two Guineas to Per-•ions voluntarily enrolling.

Such Bounty, or Part, (ball be deduced from Men enliliing into the Army, fke; within a certain Period.

Corps or Members of Volunteers may transfer them-.fclves with the Approbation of His Majesty to iUal Militia.

c.nr.	48°	geo.‘in,	A.i). 1808;

✓ /

fuch Quaker or United Brother to^Prifon, there to remain for any Time not exceeding One Month, unlef* such Sum shall be foonter paid and satisfied.	'

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes in which such Ballot shall be so directed, and any Perfons between the Ages of Eighteen and Forty Years, and fit for Military Service, shall voluntarily enrol themselves under this Aft to serve according to the Provifions_of this Aft, if the Perfons so voluntarily enrolling them* selves shall amount to. the Number to be enrolled by Ballot under any Apportionment in any fugh Parifh, then nv Ballot shall, take place in such Parifh ; and if the Perfons so voluntarily enrolling themlelves as aforesaid, shall not amount to the Number required. to be enrolled by Ballot in any fiich Parifh, then the -Number of Perfons so voluntarily enrolling themselves shall be deducted from the Number required to be enrolled by Bailot, and the Remainder only shall be ballot ted for in such Parifh; and all Perfons so voluntarily enrolling themselyes, shall take the. Oath required by this Aft to be taken by Perfons bal-,'lotted, and Aiall serve in the fame Manner, and under the fame Regulations, and be subject to the fame Provisions, as iFthey had been ballotted for under this Aft.

XXV; Andbc it further enacted. That np Member of any Friendly Society serving or entering to serve under this Aft, shall by. such Service be excluded from such Society, or he subject to the For* feiture of any Benefit to which he may be ptherwife entitled under any Rules of such Society; any Thing in any such Rule? tp the contrary notwithstanding.	,

XXVI.	And be it further enacted. That every Perfon who shall voluntarily enrol himself to serve in the Local Militia/under thjs Aft, shall be entitled to and shall receive the Sum of Two Guineas, to be paid upon his Enrolment, over and abovp any Sum to which he may be entitled for NecefTaries.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if any Parifh shall have paid the whole Bounty to or in respect of any Perfon enrolled in the Local Militia under this Aft, and such Perfon shall at any Time within Two Years after such Enrolment enlist or enter into His Majefty’s Army, Navy or Marines, or as a Subftitute in the Regular Militia, the Amount of such Bounty of Two Guineas shall be deducted out of the Bounty to be paid to such Perfon upon his enlisting into the Army, Navy or Marines, or .out of the Money to be paid to such Perfon as a Subftitute, and shall be repaid to * the Parifh having paid such Bounty of Two Guineas as aforesaid 5 and if he shall so enlist or enter at any Time after the Termination of Two Years from his -frrft Enrolment, then the Amount of One Half of such Bounty shall be so deducted and repaid, as aforesaid.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for any Corps of Volunteers, or for such of the Members of any Corps of Volunteers, whether within the Ages limited by this Aft or other-wife, as may be deft rows of forming Part of the said Local Militia .to be raised under this Aft, to transfer themselyes, with the Approbation of His Majesty, under the Direftion of the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, to become and form Part of the Local Militia un-

*der this Aft of the County or. Part oi4 Divifion of the County to which such Corps shall belong, upon such Terms and Conditions^* to His Majesty shall seem fit; and all Volunteers so transferring them-

ArD»i8o8'

48° GEO. III.

C. iii?



{elves shall thereupon forthwith be enrolled without Ballot in such Militia, and take the Oath herein-before required to be taken by Perfons ballotted under this Aft, and shall be entitled to the fame Bounty and Allowance for NecefTaries as any other Perfons voluntarily enrolling themselves previous to Ballot under this Aft, and shall be deemed and taken to be Local M^htia Men to all Intents and Purpofes as if enrolled as aforesaid.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to permit any Volunteer Corp9 of Yeomanry or Artillery to transfer themselves into the Local Militia, upon such Terms and Conditions as to their Eftablifhment and as to Allowances for Horfes or Accoutrements or other Things, and as to Pay, as His Majesty shall direft, and to be attached to the Local Militia of the County wherein such Corps shall serve, in such Manner as His Majesty shall direft i Provided always, that no Vacancies arifmg in any such Corps of Yeomanry so transferred as aforesaid, shall be supplied by Ballot under this Aft, but all such Vacancies which shall not be supplied by the entering of any Men into such Corps within Three Months after such Vacancy occurring in fucu Yeomanry Corps, shall be supplied by Ballot for the Local Militia of the County to which such Yeomanry Corps shall be attached.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Volunteer or Volunteer Artillery Man enrolling or transferring him-felf as aforesaid, shall sign a Declaration before any Deputy Lieutenant or Juftice of the Peace previous to such Enrolment, that he .

• has not received or been promised any Sum or Sums of Money, or Security for Money, or any Benefit or Reward, or Promife of Benefit or Reward^ other than the Bounty of Two Guineas allowed by this Aft* in consideration of so enrolling himself to serve in the Local Militia; and every Local Militia Man who shall be convifted-before any Two Justices of the Peace, of having made any false Declaration in that Behalf, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with the Amount of the Bounty so fraudulently received, and in default of Payment of such Penalty, shall be confined in any House of Correftion or Common Gaol of the County, for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or until Payment of such Penalty, and shall be liable to Four Years Service in the Local Militia after the Termination of such Confinement or the Payment of such Penalty.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted. That every Perfon enrolled to serve in the Local Militia under this Aft shall, upon being afTembled for training and Exercife under this Aft, be entitled to the Sum of One Guinea for the First Year of his Service, and Ten Shillings and Sixpence for each fuccceding Year of Service, to be paid to the Captain commanding the Company to which such hfan shall belong, for the Purpofe of providing and keeping up Neceffaries for such Perfon; and a further Sum of One Guinea to be paid in like Manner and for the like Purpose, in cafe such Perfon shall be called out or embodied under any Order in Council or Proclamation under the Provifions of

- this Aft ; and all such Sums of Money shall, at the End of each Period of Exercife and Service as aforesaid, be accounted for to the Perfon entitled thereto at the End of each annual Period, and the Refidue, if any, paid to such Perfon for his Ufe and'Benefit.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted, T^at every Officer, Non-commiffioned Officer, Drummer, and other Perfon ballotted and enrolied,

Volunteer Yeomanry or Artillery may transfer themselves to Local Militia. How Vacancies thereby arising, shall be supplied.

Volunteers, &c. so transferring ihrmfeKea, shall declare they have not received more than Bounty of two Guineas. * Penalty on false Declaration,

20l. &c.

Allowances on Men assembling for Exercife, and on being called out under Order in Council.

Perfons serving in L-Jeal Militia entitled to



C. in.

AJD.1808,

Exemptions a Vehmteen, and JMt liable to-be batlotced for the xcgular Militia far Two Yean.

#46G. 3. €• 90.

IVn&hy for informs against floe*, etc. 50l.

How Local Militia shall be fumed and officered.

feankpf Officers.

48® geo. nr.

/

rolied, and actually serving in the Local Militia under thia A61, ilull be entitled to and have au such Exemptions from Service in the Re* gular Militia, or from being trained and exercised under an Ad patted in the Forty-fixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An AS to enable Hit Majesty annually to train and exercise a Proportion of Hit SubjeQt in England, under certain Regulations, and more effeSually to provide for the Defence of the Realm,* as any effective Volunteer is now entitled to under any Aft or A6U of Parliament ; and no Officer, Non-commiffioned Officer, Drummer, or .other Perfon having served the full Period of Four Years in the Militia to be raised under this A61, shall be liable to be ballotted to serve in the Regular Militia of Great Britain, for Two Years after the Expiration of his Service in'the said Local Militia* or until by Rotation it shall come to his Turn.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted,That frpm and after the palling of this Aft, if any Perfon whatever shall in Cure, or take or agree to take any.Money for the Infurance of, or be rn any Way concerned in any Company, Society, Partnerlhip, Club, or Office, for the Infurance of any Perfon or Perfon*, or for the insuring or indemnifying each other against, or for the paying any Money for or towards the discharging of any Fine or Penalty for any Perfon or Perfon 8 who may be ballotted to serve in the Local Militia, or shall pay or engage to pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Volunteer to serve in Difcharge of any County, District, or Parifh, beyond the said Sum of Two Guineas, to be paid to such Volunteer as aforesaid, under this Aft, every such Perfon as aforesaid shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

• XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to order and direft that the Local Militia to be raised under this Aft shall be formed into Regiments, Battalions, and Com-. panies, and ffiall have such Proportion qf Officers, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, as are allowed by the several A6U relating to the Militia of England when embodied, and that such Proportion of Seneants, Corporals, and Drummers, not exceeding One Half of each Rank, together with the Adjutant Quarter Matter, who shall execute the Duty of Battalion Clerk, without any additional Pay, and Staff Serjeants of each Regiment, Battalion, or Com. shall remain on permanent Pay and embodied, as His Majesty (nail order and diredx : -Provided always, \ that no higher Rank mall be jriveo in any Regiment of Local Militia formed under thi$ Aft than that of Lieutenant Colonel Commandant, except in Cafes where the Commandant shall have served with the Rank of Colonel in ftis Majefty’s Regular Forces or Regular or Supplementary Militia, or be the Lieu: tenant, or Vice Lieutenant of any County : Provided also, • that all Officers of the Militia raised under this Aft shall rank with the Officers of His Majefty’s other Militia Foroes, as the youngest of their respective Ranks (except as aforefaid) : Provided always, that every Officer who shall have served in His Majefty’s Regular Forces as a Field Officer, shall be and is hereby deemed qualified to hold any Commiilion in the Local Militia, and every Officer who shall have served in His Majefty’s Regular Forces under the Rank of 2 Field Officer, shall be and is hereby deemed qualified to hold the fame Commiilion in the Local Militia, so long as such Officer shall continue to reside in such County or some next adjoining County,

without

A.D.i8o8.	48* GEO. III.	C.	in.

without any other Qualification in respect of Property or otherwise ; any Thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary in any-wife notwithstanding,

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Perfon who shall have held the Rank of Colonel of any Regiment or Battalion of Regular or Supplementary Militia, and who may be appointed to the Command of any Regiment or Battalion of Local Militia to be raised by virtue of this Aft, shall rank as Colonel, according to the Date of his Commission, in the Local Militia ; and

* every Lieutenant or Vice-Lieutenant of any County, as long as he shall continue to ad as such, who shall be appointed to the Command of any Regiment or Battalion of Local Militia as aforesaid, shall rank >as Colonel, according to the Date of his Commiflion in the Local Militia; and eveiy rerfon who shall have served in the * Regular or Supplementary Militia as a Commiflioned Officer, and by reaion of the Reduftion of such Militia shall have ceased to hold such Rank, shall, if appointed to a like Commiflion in the Local Militia, rank according to the Date of his first Commission; Provided always, that no Officer holding the Rank of Colonel in the Local Militia, shall be entitled to or receive any greater Pay or Emolument than that of Lieutenant Colonel Commandant.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Officer of any Corps of Volunteers transferring himself with his Corps with the Approbation of. His Majesty into the Local Militia, shall be eligible and qualified to hold the fame Rank in the Local Militia, from the Date of his Commiflion in such Militia, as be held at the Period of such Transfer in the Volunteers, without any . other Qualification 5 any Thing in this Aft or any other Aft of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding : Provided also, that no Officer so transferring himself shall be authorised and entitled to take Rank above any Officer having the Rank of Lieutenant Colonel in His Majefty’s Regular Army or Regular Militia.

XXAVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to put the Local Militia enrolled under this Aft, when assembled for training or exercise in Time of War, or when embodied as herein-after mentioned in like Manner as the regular Militia when embodied, under the Command of such General Officers of His Regular Foroes, as His Majesty shall please to appoint 5 any Thing in any Aft relating to the Militia to the contrary notwith-, (landing.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to order and direft that the Local Militia to be raised under this Aft, shall be called out within their respective Counties in each Year, at such Times, in such Manner, and in such Proportion and under such Regulations as His Majesty shall direft. in that Behalf, for the Purpofe of being trained andexercised, Regard being had ‘ to the local Circumftances of each County, and to the Scafons most im-, portant to the Courfe of Induftry and Cultivation within the fame ; and the Periods and Plates for such Exercife shall be appointed by the Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of the several Counties, with the Approbation of His Majesty : Provided always, that no Militia Men tinder this Aft shall be trained or exercised any greater Number of Days irt the whole in each Year than Twenty-eight entire Days, ex-chifive of Days of arriving at and Departure from and inarching to

and

397

Rmk in LodT M ilrtiaof Offices* who have fenred in the Regular Militia; and nf Lieutenants nr Vice Lieuteiauli •f Counties.

Rank of Officer* of Volunteer^ Corps, transferred to Local Militia. '

His Majesty may

pat Local Milina. under the Command of tienenl Officers.

The Kins mat order the Local Militia to be called out yearly 10 be trained.

fur not mare than -2 8 Days,

/

zpi

and to march further than Com* adjoining County.

Men may remote from one to another County Militia upon giving Notice to 1 Commanding Otficcrs.

Penalty for falfo Statement* to obtain Permission; double die Penalties on not appearing.

In cafe of Invafion, &c. His Majeliy may order the Local Militia to be embodied and marched to any ■Part of Great Britain.

Lord lieutenant^ &c. may rail out the Local Miliui for the Sup-

C. if i.	48° GEO. III.	.	A.D.i$o4.

and from the Place appointed for Exercife (for which extra Days thd Pay and Subfiftence allowed to His Majefty’s Forces on March shall be allowed} ; and no such Local Militia shall be ordered to march for firch Training and Exercife out of the County within which any such Local Militia shall have been enrolied, if confiding of an entire Regiment or Battalion, or further than into some next adjoining County, if confiding of Iefs than a Regiment or Battalion, and united by any Order of His Majesty with the Local Militia of any such adjacent County, for the rurpofe of forming a Regiment or Battalion* XXXIX. And be it further enacted. That in cafe any Perfon enrolled to serve as a Local Militia Man under this A£t, shall be defir-011s cf removing from one County to another County, or from one Divifion of a County to another Divifion of the fame Couuty, at au^ Time or Times during the Pcriddofhis Service, it shall be lawful for him so to do, upon giving Notice in Writing to Ids Commanding Officer, who shall certify the fajne to the Lieutenant or Deputy" Lieutenants of the County or Divifion to which such Local Militia Man intends to remove, and every such Local Militia Man so removing, shall be received into the Local Militia of the County or Divi-fion to which he shall have removed, and shall continue to serve therein for the Remainder of the Term for which he shall have been enrolled ; and every such Militia Man who shall make a false Statement for the Purpofe of obtaining such Permiffiou, or who shall not present himself to the Deputy Lieutenants of the Subdivjfion to,which he shall remove, for the Purpofe of being enrolled in the Local Militia thereof, and who shall not transmit to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, from which he shall have re-moved, within One Month after the Expiration of fuch* annual Training, a Certificate of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, to which he shall remove, of his having been duly trained and exercised in such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, shall forfeit Double the Sum which 'fuch Perfon* would have forfeited if he had noL appeared tp be trained and exercised in the Local Militia in which he was ballotted under this A& ; and every Perfon who shall again remove, or who shall proceed to any other County of Divifion than that of which he shall have first given Notice, shall in like Manner again give Notice and transmit Certificates as aforesaid.

XL. Provided always, and be jt further enabled. That in all Cafes of actual Invafion of any Part of the United Kingdom, or of the Appearance of an Enemy in force upon the Coait of any Part of the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order in Council or Proclamation, to draw out and embody such Local Militia, or any Part or Proportion thereof, and to direct all or any of such Local Militia Men to be marched to any Part of Great Britain for the Prevention and repelling of any such Invafion, or for the Supprelfion of any Rebellion or Infurre&ion arising or existing at the Time of any such Invafion, and to keep and continue such Local Militia so embodied for any Period His Majesty may deem re* quiiite, not exceeding Six Weeks after the Enemy shall have been prevented or repelied, or driven from the Coast, or after any such Rebellion or Infurre&ion shall have been suppressed.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or for the Vice Lieutenant of any k County, or for the Sheriff of any County, or in the Abfence of the

1	Lord

A.H i8o8..

48® GEO. III.

C.ni.

Lord Lieutenant and Vice Lieutenant and Sheriff of any County, for any Two Justices of the Peace, and One Deputy Lieutenant, to call out and afiemble the Local Militia, or any Part of the Local Militia of any County, for the Suppreflion of any Riots or Tumults in such County, or in any adjoining County, and every Perfori then inrolled in the Local Militia so called out as aforesaid, who shall not appear and join his Regiment within such Time, and at such Place as shall be specified in any Notice or Notices put upon Churches, Chapels, or other conspicuous Places, or otherwise public illy given, (half be subject to the fame Penalties and Forfeitures as are contained in any Ads relating to the Militia for not appearing when the Militia shall be assembled for Training and Exercife : Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Juflice or Deputy Lieutenant to remit the Whole or any Part of any Fine or Penalty incurred for not appearing, upon Proof that the Pcrfon not appearing was prevented by Abfence, or any unavoidable Caufcs from receiving fucli Notice, or appearing as aforesaid j and all such Local Militia, when so called out and af-fembled on such Service as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be alfem-bled for Training and Exercife under this Att; and all Provifions relating to the Militia when assembled for Training and Exercife shall apply to the Local Militia called out upon such Service as aforesaid, and all Days of such Service shall be deemed Part of the Days of Training and Exercife under this Ad : Provided always, that when any Local Militia shall be so called out as aforesaid, the fame shall be immediately notified to One of His Majefty's Principal Secretaries of State, for His Majefty’s Approbation' thereof: Provided also, that no such Local Militia shall be liable to be kept assembled upon any such Service for any longer Period than Fourteen Days in any One Year ; and if any filch Service shall arise after any such Local Militia shall have been trained and exercised for the full Period of Twenty-eight Days in such Year, then and in such Cafe the Days of such Service shall be deemed Part of the Days of Training and Exercifing of the fiicceeding Year.

XLIl. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Local Militia shall he assembled in Time of War, for the Puppofe of Training and Exercising, or for the Suppreflion of Riots or Tumults within their own or any adjacent County, all Perfons serving in the said Militia shall be subjected to all the Provifions contained in any Ad of Parliament which shall be then in force for Prevention of Mutiny and De-fertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the Articles of War made in purfnance thereof; and all the Pro-vifions contained in every such Ad and Articles of War shall be in force with respect to them, and shall extend to all the Officers, Non-commiffioned Officers, Drummers, 'and Private Men so assembled as aforesaid, in all Cafes whatsoever.

XL1I1. And be it further enacted. That the said Local Militia, when not drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the fame Pay, Clothing, and Allowances, as the regular Militia are entitled to when not embodied ; and when drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the fame Pay, Clothing, and Allowances, for tliemfelves and Families, according to their respective Ranks, as His Majelty’tf other Militia Forces when drawn out and embodied.

\	XLIV. And

390

frcflton of Riots.

enaltv on not appearing is under Militia.

Aa*<

Suclt Affembfiiitf (ball be reckoned as Part of the 'fime for. Training, and lie notified to Secretary of State; and shall not continue more than 14 Davs in Out Year.

Local Militia assembled in Time of War shall be ful >ject to the Mutiny Alt.

Local Militia entitled to the fame Pay, &c. as the Regular Militia.

•4oo

C. hi.

48° GEO. irf.

AJD.itot;

Wires and

Families of Local Militia Men entitled to Relief as those of Volunteers under • 44 G. 3. c. 54.

Local Militia Men may eiil'ift (except during Training) in Army, Navy, Marines, or . Militia,'

Vacancies shall be supplied as in other Cafes.

No Sufpenfion in Ballot for Vacancies in Local Militia.

Counties, Ac. subject to a Fine of 1 ftl. for each Man deficient on 14 Feb. yearly.

Retumof Part of Fine for Men enrolled within certain Periods.

Commandants of Regiments (ball annually tranfmlt Certificates of Deficiencies tq

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Corps of Local Militia shall be assembled for the Purpofe of Exercife, all Perfons enrolled therein, who shall join on such afTembling, and shall have Families unable to support themselyes, shall, during the Period of their being so assembled as aforesaid, be entitled to luch and the like Relief to their Wives and Families, and under such and the like Circumftfinces, arid subject to the fame Regulations and Provifions as any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers are entitled to for their Wises and Families under an Aft palled in the Forty* fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An AS to sonfolidate and amend the Prr vijtons of the federal A3s relating to Corps ofTeomanry and Volunteert in Great Britain, and to make further Regulations relating thereto.

XLV. And be it further racted, That it shall be lawful for any Perfou ball 61 ted or enrolled to serve or serving in the Local Militia under this Aft, to enlist or enter into His Majefty’s Army, Nary, or Marines, or as a Subftitute in the Regular Militia of the fane County, at any Time except during such rortion of the Period cf being assembled for the Purpofe of annual Training and Exercifea aforesaid under this Aft, as His Majesty shall by any Order made is that Behalf prescribe ; and the Enlifting or Entry of every such Mu shall be immediately certified by the Officer with whom such Mas shall have enlisted or entered, to the Officer commanding the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Local Militia from which such Mao shall have enlisted or entered : and all Vacancies arising by any such enlisting or entering as aforesaid, shall be supplied in like Manner as any other Vacancies in the said Local Militia.

XLVI. Provided always, and belt further enacted. That all Vacancies arising in the Local Militia by such enlisting as aforesaid, orby Difcharge, Abfeuce, Defertion, Death, or Expiration of Service, shall be filled up according to the Provifions of this A6t, and the several A ft 9 relating to the Militia, uotwithftanding any Sufpenfioo of Ballot for the regular Militia.

XLV 11. And be it further enacted. That every County, Hundred, or Parifh for which the full Number of Men required by any Order of His Majesty under this Aft shall not have been ballotted and enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of February succeeding such Order, if given Three Months before such Fourteenth Day of February> or in which any Deficiencies or Vacancies arising in such Local Militia shall not be filled up before the Fourteenth Day of February after the fame shall have arisen, "if the fame shall have arisen Three Months before such Fourteenth Day of February, shall be subject to a Fine of Fifteen Pounds for every Man remaining deficient.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Parifli or Place in which such Fine shall have arisen and in which fuen Deficiency shall be thereafter supplied, shall be entitled to deduct or have a Return of Two-third Parts of any* such Fine of Fifteen Pounds for every Man enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of March and One-third Part of every such Fine of Fifteen Pounds for every Man enrolled before the First Day of April, after any such Fine dm have so arisen as aforesaid.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the respective Commandants of the Regiments of Local Militia in England shall, within Fourteen Days after the Fourteenth Day of February in each Year, transmit to the Justices of the Peace or Magiftrates assembled at the feveral

General

A^D* I9o8«

48° GEO. Ill*



4H

and return fueii Aflcfftnent into . the Exd*qust*A

Penalties shall bt paid into the Bank, out of which Bounties,

Genera! Quarter Selfions of the Peace held for the-refpe&rve Counties*. Quart rrSeflioni, at the Quarter Seffions of the Peace next after the Fir ft Day. o£ who shall affef* March in each Year, Certificates of the Number of Men then re-maining deficient in their cefpedive Regiments, diftinguithing tbft Period for which such Deficiencies or Vacancies have exiftso, by what Caufe occasioned, and for what Diftrid, Divi/ion, or JPariftr; and the Justices of the 'Peace, or the Magiftratea aftembled at such Quarter Sclfions, shall at such S^fiions assess the Penalty of Fifteen Pounds, for each Private Man so certified to be deficient as afoftsaid, on such Diftrid, Division, or Parilh, in the Quota of v;hich such Deficiency shall have arisen, and such AffefTraent shall be forthwith Teturacd by the Clerk of the Peace to His'Majefty’s Court of Ex* chequer in England.

L. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties* and Forfeitures, incurred under any of the Provifidns of this Ad, or of any Ad or Ads relating to the Militia made applicable to this Ad,

(hail be paid within Twenty-one Days after the lame shall be Received, ^i.cfllM<l

to the Account of jthe said Payma&er General at the Sank of Eng*	.*

iandp for the Purpofes of this Ad, and all Bounties and Suras of

Money to be paid under this Ad for Necefiaries, shall be paid out of

the Monica arising from such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as

aforementioned*

LI. And be it further enacted, That a separate Account shall be kept of the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures remitted to the Bank of England for each County respectively; and if in any County, the Sum of Money advanced under this Ad fer Payment of any	Jr*.,

Bounties (ball exceed the Amount of the Fines, Penalties, and For-	good

feitures, paid into the Bank in respect of such County; the Amount : of such Deficiency shall be paid and made good out of the County Rate of such County ; arid it shall be lawful f<?r the Secretary at War to order the Treafurcr of such County from Time to Time to pay the Amount of such Deficiency, and such Treasurer shall thereupon forthwith remit the fame out of the County Rates of such ,County, to the Account of the Paymafter General at the Bank of England for the Local Militia.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Magiftrates aiTemblcd at any Quarter Seffions of the Peace of any County in which any fueii Sums shall have been advanced cf Se Qmntv°Ut oat of the County Rate, at any Seffions within Twelve Months after Rates, upon ih* such Advance, to a fiefs such Sum upon the Parishes for which the refpe&ire Men to whom luch Bounties shall have been paid shall have volunteer- P«rUhc». cd ; and such Afleflment shall be made and levied in like Manner as Fines for any Deficiencies are directed to be levied and recovered 5 and such Afleflment, when so recovered, shall be paid to the Treasurer of the County, having made such Advance for the Purpofe of replacing the fame to the County Rate of such County.

LI 11. And be it further enacted. That every Perfon who shall Certain . serve under this Ad, whose AfTefiment in any Rate to be made or E«mpnonp ir> levied for the Purpofe of Repayment of any Bounties, or the Payment of any Fines under this Ad, shall be made on any Property not exceeding in annual Value, according to the Valuation on which such Rate shall be made, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, shall be wholly exempt from such Rate; and every such Perfon, whose Afleflment shall be made on any such Property exceeding in annual Value 48 aforesaid, such Sum of Twenty Pounds shall, by reason qf such Service, be eic-

48 Geo. HI.	Dd,	wnfit

If the Bounties shall exceed the Fines paid into

out of the County Bates.

Quarter Sefconl shall assess the

from Kates for Repayment of Bounties,

C. nr,

AJD* 180ft

40*

48* GEO. in.

Apfc«t«*

Quarter Sc (Horn.

Money under this Aft shall not be retained by Treasurer, Ac.

SubdiviOon Clerks nmy be ordered to pay Bounties, and dial I transmit Account thereof to Secretary at War. Penalty aol.

trrfpt as to filch Property to the Amount of such Sum of Twenty Pounds, and be rated in such Rate only to the Amount by whit* futh Property shall exceed such annual Sum of Twenty Pounds as aforesaid ; and if any Perfon shall think himself or herself aggrieved 'by «ny such Rate as aforesaid, such Perfon may appeal to the next Genend or Quarter Sef!ions,in such Manner as is provided in Cafes of Appeal against: Rates for the Relief of the Poor.

LIV. And be it further enabled. That it shall not be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant or Juftice of the Peace to order or direft any Treasurer of a County or Clerk of Subdivifion Meetings to retain any Money in his Hands under this Aft; and*every Clerk of Subdivifion Meetings who shall retain any Mhney in his Hands for the Space of One Month after the Period within which such Money ought to have been paid to the Bank of England, shall forfeit for any such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds and Treble the Amount of the Money so retained. -

LV. provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Deputy Lientenants or Justices of the Peace attend* ing the enrolling and swearing in of any Men under this Aft entitled to such Bounty of Two Guineas, and they are hereby required to order and direft the Clerk of their Subdivifion to phy any such Bounties out of any Money in his Hands, not remitted under the Provifions of this Aft, at such Time, and every such Clerk of Subdivifion Meetings paying any such Bounties, shall transmit Accounts thereof at filch Periods afterthe Payment of such Bounties, and in such Form, and with such Particulars as shall be required by the Secretary at War , in that Behalf, on Pain of forfeiting for any Negleft therein the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

or on Certificate of Dejwiy Lieutenant, See. transmitted to the Secretary at War, the CU1 k may draw on the Pavniafter General.

Subdivifion t lerkb ftaft tranfmir an Account of Fine*, Ac. to the Secretary at

Wu.

' LVi. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That in evenr Cafe' in which any such Bounties shall become payable, and the Clerk of the Subdivifion Meetings, within which the fame shall be due, fhaD not have any Money in his Hands for the Payment thereof, then and in such Cafe the Deputy Lieutenant or Juft ice aforesaid, shall sign a Certificate thereof, and of the Amount of Bounties so to be paid, and to whom, and for what Parifhes or Places, and the Clerk of the Subdivifion Meeting (haH forthwith transmit such Certificate to the Secretary ar War, aud draw upon the Paymafter General for the Amnnnt of Bounties fpecined to be so payable and deficient in filch Certificate.

LVI1. And be it further enacted. That every Clerk of Subdivifion Meetings shall keep an Account in the Form to this Aft annexed, marked (A.), or in such other Form as may from Time to Time be directed for that Purpofe by the Secretary at War, of all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, from Time to Time received by him, and also of all Sums allowed to any Individuals, Counties, Hundreds, or Parifhes, by reason of any Fines or Penalties, or Parts of any Fine9 or Penalties, beifig remitted under the Provifions of this Aft ; and the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices attending at the Time of any such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, being impoled or remitted, or any Two of them, shall and they are hereby required to certify the fame to be correct, ar.d the Clerk of Subdivifion Meetings shall verify the jame upon Oath, which Oath any One Deputy Lieutenant or Juf-~*ice oF the Peace is authorized to administer, and shall transmit to the Secretary at War such Account made up to the Twenty-fourth Day of Dcecmbgr in each Year, or to such other Period as the Secre-

tary

G.iiij

A.D. 1808.	48°	GEO.	III.

4 «i

tary at War iHall diced, or shall, in Default thereof, forfeit for fuck Negled the Sum of One hundred Pounds*

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That eveij Clerk of Subdivi* fion Meetings shall and is hereby required, within Seven Days after the Twenty-fourth Day of Majrch^ June, September, and December, respectively in each Year, or oftener if required, to tr<*ufnv‘t an Account to tne Secretary at War for the Time being, of all Sums received by him and remitted to the Bank of England, to the Account of the said Paymafter General for the Purpofes of this Ad, verified upon Oath before One Depiity Lieutenant or Jufiice of the Peace# which Oath any such Deputy Lieutenant or Jufiice of the Peace is hereby authorized to adminifier, and made in the Form in the Sche* dale to this Ad annexed, marked (B.\ or such other Form as may from Time to Time be prescribed in that Behalf by the Secretary at War, or shall, in Default thereof, forfeit for such NCgled the Sum of Fifty Pounds.	g

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of Siipdivifion or other Meetings shall be and is hereby required from Time to Time to transmit E fit mates of such Sums as may be required for the Repayment of Penalties or Parts of Penalties to be remitted under this Ad, to the Secretary at War, and the said Clerk of Subdivifion or other Meetings shall draw for the Amount thereof, in such Manner as the Secretary at War for the Time being shall direct, and within Twenty-one DayB after he .(hall have received any such Money, shall pay the Amount of the Penalties or Part of Penalties so remitted, taking Receipts for the fame, and he shall, on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of December in each Year, or oftener if required, transmit an Account of such Payments verified upon Oath (which Oath any One Deputy Lieutenant or Jufiice of the Peace is hereby authorized to adminifier) and made out according to the Porm to this Ad “annexed, marked (C.), or such other Form as the Secretary at War shall require and direct.

LX. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of Subdivifion Meetings shall, if required so to do by the Deputy Lieutenants af-fembled at any General or Subdivifion Meeting, give Security by Bond to His Majesty with Two Sufficient Sureties, in such Sums as the Deputy Lieutenants shall fix, for duly accounting for, and remitting all Monies paid into his Hands under the Prbvifions of this -Ad.

Penalty 1001.

tndalfo Accounts ol Money remitted to die Bank} on Oa.2u

Penalty 501.

Like Accounts required of Eflimatca of Sums for Payment of Penalties remitted, and of Payments thereof fcpon Oath. .

Bond from. Subdivifion OeSks.

LXI. And be it further enacted. That all Fines, Penalties, and Fine* stall be Forfeitures incurred by any Officers or Perfons concerned in the Execution of this Ad, or incurred, paid, or levied under any of the Provifions of this Ad, relating to tne Default or Enrolment of any xarTct Perfons -under this Ad, or to any Perfons liable to be ballotted or enrolled under this Ad, or under any of the Provifions relating thereto, or relating to any Deficiencies, shall, aft^r Payment of such Bounties and Sums for Necefiarie? as aforesaid, go and be applied under any general or particular Order or Orders of One of His Ma* jelly's Principal Secretaries of State, iu the Difoharge of any Ex-pences of baUotting, training or exarcifing under this Ad,' within the County, Riding, or Place where the. fame shall arise, or any incidental Expences attending the Execution of this Ad within fuck • County, Riding, or Place.

LXIL And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful lor any Informer* may ^JPeputy Lieutenant, together with One Jufiice of th$ Peace, or have Pan of dm

Dda	any

4®4

A«Dt 1808 .

Two Justices may hear and determine Offences, and give Judgment for Penalties, &c.

Appeal to the General Quarter Seffions.

Penalty on

Witneffes not attending, *1.

C. hi.

48° GEO. III.

any Two Justices of the Peace, before whom any Offence against this Aft shall be heard and determined, upon Conviftion of the Offender, to adjudge such Part of the Penalty as they shall think fit, (not exceeding One-third Part thereof) to the Perfon or Perfons giving Information of the Offence, upon which any such Conviftion mail take place.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace reiiding near the Place where any Offence shall be committed against this Act, which subjects the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty for no( appearing to be enrolied, or making any false Declaration relative to any Claim of Exemption, or for not continuing in any Volunteer Corps, and transmitting Certificates relative thereto, or for not appearing to sign a Declaration that he has not insured contrary to the Provilions of this Aft, or making a false Declaration relative thereto, or for making a false Declaration relative to receiving any greater Bounty than is allowed by this Aft, to hear and determine such Offence at any Time within Six Months after the Offence committed; and such Justices of the Peace shall, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made io that Behalf, summon the Party accused, and also the Witneffes on either Side, and shall examine into the Matter of Faft, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by voluntary Confeffion of the Party, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, give Judgment for the Penalty or Forfeiture as by this Aft is dirested, and issue their Warrant under their Hands and Seals for the levying any pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures so adjudged on the Goods of the Offender, and cause Sale to be made thereof, in cafe they shall not be redeemed within Four Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any, and where the Goods of the Offender cannot be fonnd fumcient to answer the Penalty, commit such Offender to Prifon, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Months, unless such pecuniary Penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if any Perion or Perfons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of such Justices, then he or they shall ^and may, upon giving Security to the Amount or Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Cofts as shall be awarded iif cafe such Judgment mall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Seffions for the County, Riding, or Place, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witneffes.upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame, and in cafe the Judgment shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to award the Perfon or Perfons to pay such Cofts occasioned by such Appeal as to them ihall seem meet.

LXIV. And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon or Perfon* shall be summoned as a Witnefs or Witneffes to give Evidence before such Justices, touching ,any of the Matters relative to this Aft, either on the Part of the Profccutor or Perfons accused, and shall neglect or refofe to-appear at the Time and Place to be4 for that Pur-pole appointed, without a reasonable Excufe for such his, her, ox; their Negleft or Refufal, to be allowed of by such Justices before whom the Profecution shall be depending, that then every fuck Perfon shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding' Five Pounds, to be levied and paid in such Manner and by such Means as is directed as to the other Penaltit 9.

LXV. And be it further epasted, That the*Juftices before whom

5	%	any

A.D.i8o8.

C. u it

40 s

4*0 GEO. III.

any Offender shall be convicted a* aforesaid, shall caufc the laid Con. vi&ion to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any Other Form of Words to the fame Effed, mutatit mutandis (that is to fay),

4 T> E it remembered, That on the	Day	of

4 ** io the Year of our Lord	in	the	County	of

*	A* B. of	was	convifted	before us C+D. and E. F.

4 Two of His Majefty’s Juft ices of the Peace for the laid County,

*	refidmg near the Place where the( Offence was committed: for that

4 the laid A. B. on the	Day	of	now

4 last past, did, contrary to-the'Form of the Statute in that Cafe 4 made and provided, \Jere Jlate the Offence agathjl the A8^ ; and we 4 do declare and adjudge that the said A, B, hath forfeited the 4 Sum of	»*

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Conviftion made in pursuance of this Aft, by any Juftjce of the Peace, shall fce removed by Certiorari into any Court whatever, and that no Writ ox Certiorari shall supersede Execution or other Proceedings upon any such Order or Conviftion, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had thereupon, any such Writ or Writs notwith* Handing.

LXVII. ‘Andwhereasmiiny Perfons who have found Subftitutes or 4 paid Fines under an Aft, passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign < of His present Majesty, intituled, An A8 to enable His Majesty more x effeSualiy to raise and affcmUe in England an additional Military 1 Force for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and 4 for the more vigorous Profecutionofthe War9 have been lines ballotted

*	and enrolled to serve, or found Subftitutes or paid Fines under an 4 Aft, passed in the last Seflion of Parliament, intituled. An A3 for 4 the speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain,, and inereapng 4 the fame9 under certain limitations and Reflri8ions, and it is juft

*	and expedient that such Perfons should be relieved ;* be it therefore enacted, That every Perfon who shall have been balloted under the

' said recited Aft of the Forty-third Year of His prefeut Majesty, and shall have found any Subllitute, or paid any Fine for not appearing to be enrolied, or for not finding any Subllitute under the (aid last mentioned Aft,' and who shall have been ballotted and enrolled under the said Aft of the last Seflion of Parliament, and be now fervingjn the Militid, shall, from and after the passing of this Aft, be entitled tjo, and shall on demand have a full and complete Difcharge; and every Perfon who shall have found any Subllitute, or paid any Fine as afore-said, under the said Aft of the Forty-third Year aforesaid, and who shall have also found any Subllitute or paid any Fine under the said . Aft of the last Selfion of Parliament, shall be entitled and shall have a Return of the Money paid for finding a Subllitute, or the Amount _ of Fine paid under the said Aft of the last Seflion of Parliament; and it 'fliall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices before whom any such Subllitute shall have been enrolied, or any Two of them, or for any Two Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace of the Divifion within which luch Fine shall have been paid, to grant a Certificate of the Amount of the Money so paid for such Subllitute or of such Pi°e as aforesaid, d^dufting therefrom such Sum of Money 'as shall have been paid to such Man by any Parilh, as Half the Price of a Subllitute; and. the Overfeers of the Poor of the Parilh for

D d 3	which

Form of Conviilions.

No Certiorari.

Perfons haring been ballotted under 43 G. 3; c. 89. and having found Subftitutes, or paid Fines under that Aft, if ferviug in the Militia under 47 G. 3. Seff. 9. c. 71. shall be entitled to their Difchaige: ana Perfons having found Subftitutes or paid Fines under both shall have a Return of their Money paid under 47 G. 3.

406

C.1IT.

48° GEO. IH.

A.D. 1808.

Number of Local Militia to 'be ballot ted and eurotted within the Gogu* Tat*, && 2500.

When there {hall be a Deficiency in the Number, His Majesty may order it to lie ^ bal toiled for.

JVarden of the Cinque Ports, &c. {hall put this A& in 1 Execution,

Warden, &cf shall appoint the Number of Men to be jailed for each pf ilia Ports, &c.

Mayors, <cc. of |be Cinque

which such Subftitutc shall have been found, or in refoed ‘of which such Fine shall have been paid, shall, within Seven Days after the ,Prodtidion of such Certificate, pay such Money on Pain of forfeit? ing for any Negled or Refufal the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LXVIIL 6 And whereas there is no Quota eftablifited for the ‘ Militia' within the, Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns and their * Members,’ be it enacted, That the Number of Men to be balloted and enrolled for the Local Militia under this Ad, within the Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns and their Members, shall not exceed such Number as will, in addition to and together with and includ-ing the effedive Yeomanry and Volunteers then fenring within the fame, exclusive of Supernumeraries, above the Eftabliflunent of such Corps ferying without Pay, who shall have been inrolled therein after the Fiift Day of April last, amount to Two thpuiand five hundred Men. .

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That when and so often a| the Number of effedive Yeomanry and Volunteers, together with the Number of Local Militia in the Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns and their Members, shall be below the Quota of Local Mi-litis herein-before eftabli(hed for the fame, it (hap be lawful for His Majesty to order and dined that a Number of Local Militia Men, equal in Amount to such Deficiency, shall be forthwith ballotted and enrolled for the fame uiider this A&* f° that the Number in thp Whole of the Local Militia and the effedive Ycomannr and Volunteers within the fame, shall be equal to the (aid bft-mentk>ned Quota so established as aforesaid.

LXX. And be it further enacted, that the Warden of thf Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns and their Members, and in his Ablence his Lieutenant or Lieutenants, (ha]l within their refpe&hrp Jurifdidions put in Execution this Ad, and Ufe and exerdfe all the Powers and Authorities contained in die said Ad of the Forty-fecond Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any other Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to railing or embodying Men within such Jurifdidion as aforesaid, or any Ad relating to the Militia qf England, or this Ad, for the Purpose of carrying the fame into Execution, and raising the Men to be provided and railed within their respective Jurifdidions under this Act, and all the- Powers, Provi-fions, Authorities, Penalties, and Forfeitures contained in any Ad or Ads of Parliament, and hereby made applicable to the raising the said Local Militia, or in this Ad, shall be in full Force for the Purpofc of raising the Local Militia within the-Cinque Portsj any Thing m any Ad or Ads of Parliament contained to the contrary notv^th* (landing,

LXXl- Provided also, That it shall be lawful for the fgid War* den, and the (aid Mayors, Jurats, Magiftrates, or Deputy Lieute* iiknfg, at a General Meeting to be holden as soon as may be aflqr any l^allot shall have been directed for the raising of qny Local Militia within the Cinque Ports, and Lifts shall have been returned for that . Purpose,to appoint the Number of Men to be railed in purfoaoce of this AA for each of the said forts. Two ancient Towns andfhrir Liberties,' and the several Members thereof respectively: and the Number of Men so apportioned shall be railed, ballotted for, and fwom in, pursuant to the Provifions of this Ad,

LXXII. And be it further enacted. That tfie Mayors, Jurats, or Other Magftrttcs for the Time being, of etch Of the Ctoque Porfi, .......................................................... .	Twf

A.D.itol

C.m.

48* GEO. in.

; 4*7

Two ancient Towns and their Liberties, and the several Members fats, &c-thereof, fluifl and may ad as Deputy Lieutenants for the Purpofes of. SV 'f* m this Ad ; and that it shall be lawful for the Warden of the faia Cinque	and

Ports, Two ancient Towns and their Members, to appoint any other ^ w«dcn my Perfons qualified in the Manner directed bv an Alt,made in the appoint pcher Forty-fecond Year of His present Maicfty's keign, intituled. An AS q^Htodfafeoa far amending the Laws relating to the militia in England, and for ang»	^

menting the Militia, to ad m like Manner as Deputy Lieutenants within the fame: Provided always, that the (aid Warden may, with the Concurrence of any Meeting of Deputy Lieutenants, authorize the said Mayors, Jurats, and Magiftrates, or Deputy Lieutenants,, within such Ports, Towns, Liberties, and Members, to i(Tue their Orders to the respective Conftables within the fame, to return within _ a limited Time Lifts of all Perfons liable to serve in the Local Militia for such Port, Town, Liberty, and Member respectively, in the Manner required by this Ad, and by the said Ad of the Forty-fecond Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any Ad relating to the. Militia of England, and may appoint such Times as may appear to him to be necefiary and proper for the Returns and Notices to be made and given, conformably to the Diredions of the said recited Ad and this Ad; and for the holding other Meetings, and doing all * Ads, Mattel's, and Tilings, which may be necefiary for carrying this Ad into Execution within the Cinque Ports.

LXXIlf. And be it further enacted, That a Local Militia shall Lo?a1 Militia he ballotted and enrolled from among the Tinners or Miners of the fhdlbebajlotied Counties of Devon and Cornwall, in like Manner and to such Amount in relation to the .Quota of Regular Militia for the said Tinners and jjerou. Miners; as is by-this Ad directed in relation to Counties; and such .Local Militia shall be raised under the Provifions of this Ad.

LXXLV. And be it further enacted. That the Warden of the Warden of.

Stannaries in Great Britain shall respectively, in obedience to His Majeftycs Qrdet* to be issued for that Purpose, which His Majesty is hereby empowered to issue, procure all Matters to* be done touching the Tinners of the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, according to the Cuftoms of the Stannaries and Privileges of the Working Tinneit, as art hereby or by any Ad or Ads relating to the Tinners or Miners of Cornwallf or to the Militia, required to be done by the Lieutenant* and Deputy Lieutenants aforesaid, touching other Perfons redding in the laid Counties of Devon and Cornwall not entitled to thp Benefit of such Privileges ; and such Warden, Special Deputy War-. den* and other Officers of the Stannaries, shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities to do and' execute all and every the .Matters and Things which shall be so required to be done as afore*. said,asjthe lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants of the federal Coun* ties have for so doing the several Matters and Things hereby required to be done by them respectively. .

LXXV. And be it further ensf&ed, That aB and every the CJauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Matters, and Things con* tained in an Ad puffed in the Forty-fecond Year of Hit present Majesty, intituled. An AB for repealing an AB made m the ihirN* eighth Tear of the Reign of tfis present Majesty, intituled^ An A& for raifng \ Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, for Jtbe Defence of the Kingdom daring tie present War, and for tie more afcBualh raffing and regulating a Body of Miners for tie Defence of Great Britain, relative to nifipg and vrgu&ing a Body of Minevt

»d4 *	*	*	erfdfo

Stannaries, by Order oTHis MajeAy, Ihtti procure all' Matters to be dose tourlriu* i the Tinners.

fateissf*

43 G.9*r.9S*

lb

C ti r.

'A«D( i SoS.

461‘

•48° GEO. 1IL



fi~ r v

Local Militia ihall be ballotted and enrolled in the Tower Hamit ti.

Powers of

37 G.3.c. 35 and 75.; and 43 G. 3. c. 83. &c. extended to this A&

This kSt (ball not repeal 37 G^. c. 26 8c,

?s« except a» to newJioe»,&c«

HrovHkma relating to Counties extended to Hidings, and roUtiog to Hundreds extended to 8*p«f

Powers given to Conftablcs extended to Tythingmcn,&c.

within the Stannaries, in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, shall, itt att’Cafes in which other Provifions are not made by this Aft, be applied, practised, arid put In force, in all Refpests, for railing the Local Muitia Meri to be raised out of the Tinners and Miners within the said Stannaries under this Aft, as fully and effectually as if the said Aft and this Aft were consolidated into one Aft.

LXXVL And be it further enacted, That a permanent Local Militia shall be ballotted and enrolled under this Aft in the Tower Hamlets and Liberties of the Tower, not exceeding such Number of Men as will, in addition to, and including and together with the effipftive Volunteers serving in and for the Tower Hamlets and Liberty of the Tower, ex<3alive of Supernumeraries above the Efta-blifhment of any such Corps serving withbut Pay, who ihall have been enrolled therein after the First Day of April last, amount to Six Times the Amount of the Quota of tht original Militia of the Tower Hamlets; and such Local Militia shall be ballotted and enrolled at such Periods as His Majesty shall by any such Warrant as aforesaid, direft ; and all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Matters, and Things* contained in Two Afts made in the Thirty-feventh Year of the Reign of- His present Majesty, or in any other Aft or Afts relative to raising the Militia of the Tower Hamlets and Liberty of the Tower, together with all Clauses, Powers, Provisions, and Authorities contained in an Aft made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An' Ad to enable Hu Majesty more ejfcQually to raise and ajfemblc in England an additional Military Force for tie better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Profecution of the War, for raising the Men to be raised therein under that Aft, mall be applied, practised, and put in force in all Refpests, for raising the Men to be raised therein under this Aft,- aS fully and effectually as if the said Afts and this Aft were consolidated into one Aft.'

LXXVII. Provided always. That nothing in this Aft contained Ihall be construed to extend to repeal any of the Provifions of the said Two recited Afts of the Thirty-ieventh Year aforesaid, other than as any new and additional Fines, Penalties, and Powers in this Aft contained may be applicable and necessary for the raising the Men by ‘this Aft directed to be raised in the Tower Hamlets.

LXXVltl. And be it further enacted, That all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things whatever in this Aft contained, relating to Counties, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Ridings, Shires, Divisions, Cities, and Places; and all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things in this Aft contained,' relating to Hundreds, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, and other Divifions in Or of any such 'County, Riding, Division, Shire, City, or Place ; and all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things in this Aft contained relating to Parifhes, shall extend and be construed to extend to all 'Townships, Tythings, and Places, and to all Extra-parochial Places •united therewith, for the Purpofes of any Aft relating to the Militia ; and all Powers by this Aft given to any Constable shall extend to all Tythingmen, Headboroughs, Peacp Officers, and other Perfons aftlng as Conftables in any Counties, Hundreds Parifhes, %and Places in which there shall be no Constable, as fully and amply at if they were severally and respectively repeated in every such Piovifiod, Jtorection, and CUule, and with relauonto every such Matter or Thing.

LXX1X* And

SCHEDULE (A.)

ACCOUNT of PENALTIES imposed and remitted by the Lieutenancy.

Date when imposed.		Name of Perfon.	Penalty at 30/. for Perfons worth more than 2001. per Annum.	Penalty at <10 L for Perfons worth more than 100 /. and not exceeding 200/. per Annum.	Penalty at 10 /. for Perfons worth lets than 10OL per Aunum.	Remittance of Fines and Penalties allowed by the Lieutenancy.	Net Sum imposed.	REMARKS.	SHEDULES to which this
									

Deficiency in the Subdivifion of	in	the	County	of	as	per Return herewith ^

annexed signed by the Commandant, dated the	J	being	Men	at £. per Man, &

£. paid to the Clerk of Subdivifion Meetings for	on	the	j*

do hereby certify that the above Account is truly and justly stated to the best of our Knowledge and Belief.	3

-------Deputy Lieutenant

'' ■ Magiftrate.

«

5»S £>2 4^ 5 pvt*

9?

H

>8

,	SCHEDULE	(B.)

. QUARTERLY ACCOUNT of the Cletk of Subdivifion Meeting*.

•	*	•	•	*	Contra •	*	'	*	C*

Date when received.	Name of Perfun fined.	Penalty at30l. fijrPerKMM worth more than 3001. per Annum.	Penalty at 201. for Perfons worth more than 1001. and not exceed* ing 2001. per . Annum.	Penalty at lot. for Perrons worth left than tool, per Annum.	Amount of each Penalty.			Date when remitted.		Amount of each Remittance.		
	1  /	■		-					By Remittance to the Bank of England.  Do. * Do.		*	

Swombefore me on the Day of	180

I hereby certify upon Oath, that the foregoing is a just and true Account of all Sums received by me as Clerk of the Subdivifion Meetings of the County of	between the Day of	and	the

Day of	to the beftof my Knowledge and Belief.

Deputy Lieutenant or Juftice.

-r- — Signature.

■■	■ Clerk of the Subdivifion of the County of

CAP.

‘SCHEDULE (CO

Clerk of SobdmRon Meetings on Account for PENALTIES remitted by the Lieutenancy.

D* •	-	•-	••	-	•-	Contra	•	-	-	C

Date of.Bill.		In vhbfie Favour fowiir	Amount of each BUI.			Date of Payment.		Name of Perfoo whose Fine has been Knitted.	No. of Receipt.	Amount.
		. „ /								/

Sworn before me the	Day	of	180

«■ i. ■■ Deputy Lieutenant or Joftit*

til? rni'a	'm	oao	<8*	*®o8i	‘cry

4GEO. UL

IAJ3,1S0&



Grand Juries in Inland may appoint

Commiffionro to felt or exchange 1‘reiniies that have beet« used i'or Court Houses, Gaols, &c.

$.+12,113.

CAP. CXII.

An Aft^for raising the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thbufand-eight iumdred and eight.

[30th June 1808.]

CAP. CXIII.

An Aft to empower Grand Juries in Ireland, (or Perfons appointed by them,) to fell or exchange Ground that has been occupitdT)y old "Court Houses, Gaols, or Cojanty Infirmaries, and the Materials thereon. [30th June 1808.]

*	\T 7 HE REAS new Court Houses, Gaols, and County In-

*	VV fermaries have been built, or may hereafter be built in many

*	Counties in Ireland, and it is necessary to enable Grand Juries to 4 dispose of the Ground on which such old Court Houses, Gaols,

*	and County Infirmaries Hand, and of any Buildings or Materials 4 thereon, and to grant a fuffident Title thereto: May it therefore 4 please Your Majesty that it may be enacted;* and be it enacted by the King’s malt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefeflt Parliament aflembjed, and by the Authority of the fame. That in all Cases, where the Grand Jury of any Cotiuty or County of a City, or County of a Town, shall have procured Ground to build or erect a new Court House, Gaol, or County Infirmary, and that the fame completed and in Ufe, and that such Grand Jury shall conceive It expedient to fell, exchange, or othenvife dispose of the Land occupied by or in any way. appertaining to such bid Court House, Gaol, or County Infirmary, or any Building thereon, in any County or County of a City or County of a Town in Ire-land, it shall and may he lawful for the Grand Jury, at any Affixes for any such County, or any County of a City, or County of a Town in which such old Court House, Gaol, or County Infirmary is situated, to appoint and nominate any Number of Perfons not less than Five, as Oommiffioners to fell, exchange, or othenvife dispose of any such Ground, or of any Building or Materials thereon 5 and such Commifimners, or any Three of them so fappoiuted, {hall h&ve full Power to fjril by Auftion, to exchange, or otherwise dispose of any such Ground, or any Building thereon, or to dispose of fepa-rately or together of ahy Timber, Slates, Stones, Bricks, or other Materials thereon, and to make Contrafts and Agreements for and concerning the fame, to sign Leafes or Deeds conveying the fame, and to do all Matters and Tilings requisite for carrying such Agreements into due Execution for and on behalf of such County, County of a City, or Comity of a Town, such Agreement nevertheless, and the Leafes'and Deeds conveying the fame, to be laid before the

v Grand Jury at the following Afsizes, and if approved of by such Grand Jury, the Foreman is to affix his Name thereto, and the Money arising from such Sale of such Ground or Materials shall be paid to the Treasurer of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, and by him placed to the Credit of the County at large, and may be diipofed of by the Grand Jury for or in Aid of any new »	'	Court

A«D» I So Si

4*3

48* GEO. HI. C. H3~*i5t

Court House, Gaol, or County Infirmary, or itrfoclrothcrMaflflu* as by Law they shall be entitled, for the general Advantage of such County, or County of a City, or County of a Town at lar^e.

II.	* And whereas iu many Cafes there is much Difficulty in mak* 4 ing out a Title to Grounds that have been so occupied by such old 4 Court Houses, Gaols, and County Infirmaries, although there, has * not appeared any Claimant thereto for many Years be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Ground, or any Buildings thereon, that has been occupied as aforesaid, for Sixty Years and upwards, in a peaceable and quiet Manner and without any Claimant on Record in any Court of Law, such peaceable and quiet Poffeffion for Sixty Years shall be confide red as a good and valid Title; and such Commissioners so appointed as aforesaid, or any Three, of them, shall have full Power and Authority to convey the Irtr terefty Fee, and Inheritance thereof in as large and at ample a Manner as the fame was held and enjoyed by the County; an,d such Conveyance by Deed, L'ease, or other Inftrument signed by such CommUfioners, or any Three of them, and approved of by the Grand Jury as afore* said, shall be deemed, taken, and considered as a good, sufficient, and valid Title in Law, said Grand Jury nevertheless being first satisfied as to the due Payment of the Purchafe Money to the Treasurer as aforesaid, or as to any other valuable Couiideration that may have been agreed for thereto; and it shall and may be lawful for such Grand Jury to grant a Presentment for all reasonable Expence* at* tending theDifpofal and Conveyance of such Ground and Materials*

CAP. CXIV.

An AGt for railing the Sum of Six Millions, by Exchequer Bills far the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thou* sand eight hundred and eight.	[30th	June	1808.]

44 Treasury mav raise 6,000,000/. by Exchequer Bills, as under 44 Chapter i.* of this Seffion. §• 1,2. Payable out of the First Srap-44 plies in the next Seffion. $3. Intereft. $-}2d. per Cent, per Diem, 44 § 4. Such Exchequer Bills shall be current at the Exchequer, 44 See. after April's* 1809. § 5. Bank of England may advance 44 6*000*000 A on the Credit of this A&. $ 6.”

CAP. CXV.

An A€t to grant to H!$ Majesty Countervailing Duties on Spirits imported into Ireland from Scotland; and to allow Equivalent Drawbacks on Spirits exported from Ireland to Scotland.	[30th June'	i8aS/J

1 Moft Gracious Sovereign,

4 TT^HEREAS it is expedient, pursuant to the Provifions of the 4 VV A&s for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, that, iu 4 respect of the Duties imposed, upon Malt and Sugar and Spirits made 4 therefrom respectively in Ireland* Duties should be charged on Spi-4 rits imported into Ireland from Scotland* sufficient to countervail 4 the £aid Duties on Malt and Spirits made in Ireland: May it there* 4 fore please Your Majesty that it may be ena&edand be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, b.y and with the Advice and

Content

Quiet Poflefllon for Sixty Yean deeinej a good Tide.

A.D. i So 9.

4*4

CbuteiviSfog Duties on Sprits imported into Ireland from Scotland, vis. par Galion:

Spgar Spirits IfcSd.

O&cr Spirit! foot being Foreign) 5s. 84.

Fqtrivalent Drawbacks oa Spirits exported fiom Iiriurits

Cii$, ntf.

*#• GEO. IH.

Confent of the Lord* Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fafrie* That, fromand after the passing of this A£t, there shall be raised, granted, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Sueceffbrt, upon all Spirits imported into Ireland trout any Part of Scotland* the fevers! Countervailing Duties following, in lieu and full Satisfaction of pll Countervailing Duties whatever payable on such Spirits, under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Ad; that is to fay, For and upon every Gallon of' Spirits distilled from Sugar, and imported into Inland from any Part of Scotland* a Countervailing Duty of £ight Shillings and Five-pence British Currency:

And for and upon every Gallon of all other Spirit! (not being Foreign Spirits), unposted into Inland, from any Part of Scotland* a Countervailing Duty of Five Shillings and Eight-pence British Currency.	*

II. And be it further enacted, That on the Exportation from /ire* land to any Part of Scotland* of any Spirit!for or in respect of which the internal Duties impeded by any Ad made or to be made, in this present Seffion of Parliament, mall have been fully paid and satisfied in Inland* there shall respectively be allowed and paid a Drawback equal in Amount to the respective Countervailing Duties, by this Ad granted on the like Spirits respectively, imported into Ireland from Scotland* in lieu of all Drawbacks payable in respect of such Spirits exported from Inland to Scotland* under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland* immediately before the passing of this Ad.

44 Duties and Drawbacks (ball be. levied and allowed as former Cuun-44 tervailing Duties and Drawbacks. §3.”

CAP. CXVI.

An A€t for granting to His Majesty Rates of Poftage on the 0 v Conveyance of Letters and Packets to and from the Ifland of Madeira* and to and from the Portuguefe Territories on the Continent of South America.	[30th June 1808.]

4 X T7 HERE AS it may be expedient for the Benefit of Commerce 4 W and Correfpondence to establish One or more Packet Boats 4 between the Port of Falmouth* in the Coipity of Cornwall* or such 4 other Port in this Kingdom, as His Majefty’s Poft-mafter General 4 shall appoint, and the Ifland of Madeira and Brazil* or other of the 4 Territories and Pofleffions of the Crown of Portugal oft the Con-4 tinent of South America* in lieu of the Packet Boats lately employed A Poftage 4 between Great Britain and the Kiugdomof Portugal;9 Be it there-according to	fore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty; by and with the

Ipecified Rate*	Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

nay be taken for Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority Fbcken conveyed °f the fame, That from and after the Eftablifhment of Packet Boats by Packet Boau between this Kingdom and the Ifland of Madeira* and between any from or to any of the PortuguiJeY erritories on the Continent of South America* it _* shall and may be lawful for His Majefty’s Poft-mafter General and to'orfrom®110* ^is -D*Pu*y raid Deputies by him thereunto authorized, for the Ufe Madeira, Brazil, His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, to demand, have, receive, Sec,	and	.

A.D. 1808.

480 GEO. Ill,

Cii<5, 117.

4*5

and take for the Port and Conveyance of all and every the Letters and Packets that shall be carried or conveyed by Packet Boats from or to the Port of Falmouth aforesaid, or from or to any other con* venient Port in the United Kingdom of Gnat Britain and Ireland* to or from the Ifland of Madeira^ and to or from Branil, or any of the Territories and Poffelfions of the Crown of Portugal, on the Con* tinent of South America* over and above all other Rates payable for Conveyance of such Letters and Packets within the said United King* dom, a "Packet Poftage according to the Rates and Sums in Stalling Money herein-after mentioned; that is to fay.

For the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter to or from the Ifland of Madeira, the Sum of One Shiuing and Sixpence: For every Double Letter Three Shillings:

For every Treble Letter Four Shillings and Sixpence:

And for eveiy Ounce Six Shillings; and so in proportion for every Packet oi greater Weight than an Ounce:

And for the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter to or from Brand, or any o^her the Territories and Poileffions of the Crown of Portugal on the Continent of South America, the Sum of Two Shillings and Five-pence:

For .every Double Letter Four Shillings and Ten-pence:

For every Treble Letter Seven Shillings and Three-pence:

And for every Ounce Nine Shillings and Eight-pencfe; and so in proportion for every Packet of greater .Weight than an Ounce.

Xi. And be it further enacted, That.from and after the Eftabiifoment of Packet Boats for the Purpofes aforesaid, all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Disabilities, Penalties, and Methods for Recovery of the fame, and all other Matters and Things contained in any A& or Ads of Parliament relating to the Poll Office, shall extend and be deemed and con* ftrued to extend to Letters and Packets to be conveyed between the said United Kingdom and the Ifland of Madeira, and other the said Territories and roffefiions of th? Crown of Portugal.

“ Money arising by the Rates shall be carried to the Confolidated Fuad. $3. General Iffue—rTreble Cofts. $4.”

cap. cxvir.

An AQ. for repealing the Duties upon Silks painted and Rain* ed, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

-	[30th	.1808.]

*	TT THE REAS certain Duties of Excife are payable on Silks,

*	VV printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain, and on

*	Irifb printed, painted, stained, or dyed Silks, and Silk Handker-

*	chiefs,'and a Drawback is allowed thereupon; and it is expedient to ‘ repeal the fame, and to grant other Duties and a Drawback in lieu

*	thereof Be it therefore enacted by the King's moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aftemb'led, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the passing of this Aft, all and Angular the said Duties and Drawback fhafi neafe and determine and be no longer paid or payable, save and ex* *ept in all Cafes relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying, any

8	Arrears

PovenofaB

ocher A&* relating to the Poft Office extended toftt* A6L

Former Buries of&cifeoiiSifti and Drawback*

ceafe.

A D< i8o8<

31$	C.	117,	118.	48°	GEO.	in.

Krw Duties. BniiA Silks.

Iriik Silks.

New Drawbacks.

Arrears thereof respectively which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture relating thereto respectively, which (haU before that Time have been incurred ; and that, from and after the pailing of this Aft, in lieu and indead of the said Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collested, and paid unto His Majedy, His Heirs and SuccefTors, over and above the Duties payable upon the Importation of Silk, the several Duties of Excife here-in-after respectively mentioned 5 that is to fay,

For every Yard Square of Silks of whatever Kind* or by whatever Denomination the fame are or may be called or known, which ihall be printed,' dained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain (except such Silks as diall be dyed throughout of One Colour only) the Sum of Sixpence, and so in proportion for any greater or lefts Quantity than a Yard Square of such Silks:

And for every Yard Square of Iri/b printed, dained, painted, or dyed Silks, of whatever Kind, or by whatever Denomination the fame are or may be called or known, (except such IrUb Silks as ihall be dyed throughout of One Colour only,) which shall be imported from Ireland into Great Britain, the Sum of Sixpence, aad so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Yard Square of such Silks:

And that in lieu and' indead of the Drawback hereby repealed there (ball be made, allowed, and paid the Drawback herein-after mentioned; that is to fay,

For Silks of whatever Kind or by whatever Denomination the fame are or may be called or known, printed, dained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed for or in respect thereof ihall have been pai<J, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandise to Foreign Parts, a Drawback of all the Duties which ihall have been paid thereon.

“ Powers of former Afts extended to this Aft for levying the Duties, and allowing the Drawbacks. § 2.”

CAP. CXVIII.

An A£t to prohibit the Didillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, fora limited Time.	[30th	June	1808.]

4 .T T7HEREAS it is expedient, under the present Circumdanccs

*	VV of Interruption in the Importation of Foreign Com, to 4 prohibit throughout the United Kingdom all Didillation of Spirits

*	from Com or Grain, for a Time to be limited, and to enable His

*	Majedy, by Proclamation, if He ihall judge it for the Benefit and

*	Advantage of His Kingdom, cither to terminate or further continue

*	fuch Prohibition for a Time to be limited,* &c.

44 From 20 June 1808, Didillation of Spirits from Grain prohibited 41 throughout the United Kingdom, till 31 December 1808. § i. 14 After OQober 1, 1808, His Majedy, by Proclamation, &c. may ♦‘permit the Didillation of Spirits from Grain (except Wheat); « —or His Majedy may continue the Prohibition from December 44 31# until 40 Days after the next Meeting of Parliament. § 2. Pe-44 nalty for uling Grain for Didillation during the Prohibition, 500A 44 $ 3. Didillera taking into their Cullody, during the Prohibition, “ Grain which dull have been ground, except Malt sot exceeding

Two

A*0« i8o8«

4*7

48° GEO, III.	0.118,119.

*• Two Quarters, or Wheat Meal or Flour not exceeding One Sack “ of Five Bufhels, shall forfeit 500/. and the Grain. § 4. Diflillers m^y have in their Cuftody ground Barley, &c. at any Time within u Twenty Days of the Expiration of the Prohibition. § 5. Exemp-44 tion for Diftillers who are also Millers. § 6. Commiffioncrs of “ Excife in Scotland may make Allowances to Perfons who have taken 44 out Licence'for working Stills there. § 7. Contrafts for fupply-“ ing Spirits to be delivered during the Operation of the Aft, de~-“ dared void. § 8. Fines and Penalties may be levied and applied, w as under former Laws of Excife. $ 9.”

CAP. CXIX.

An Aft for regulating the charging of the Duty on Spirits imported into Great Britain, according to the Strength thereof.

[30th June 1808.J

‘ TT THE REAS by several Afts of Parliament in force, at and

*	V,V immediately before the palling of this Adt, certain Duties 4 of Excife are imposed on all Single Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua ‘ Vitse, and Strong Waters imported into Great Britain,• and certain

*	other Duties on the like Articles so imported above Proof: And 4 whereas it has been the Praftice of the Officers and' other Perfons

*	employed in the Service of the Revenue of Excife to consider and

*	charge all such Spirits as fmgle or Proof Spirits only, which although

*	above Proof have upon Examination and Trial been found in any

*	Degree under the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof,

*	whereby confiderable Inequalities and Inconveniencies have arifen

*	m the Charge of Duty upon such Spirits under different Circum-4 dances: For Remedy whereof it is expedient to prohibit and dif-‘ continue the said Pradtice be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual ana Temporal?, and Commons, in thisprefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, all such Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vitae,' and Strong Waters as aforesaid, not being Irijb Spirits, which shall be cr shall have .been brought or imported into Great Britain, and for which any Duties of Excife shall be payable, and which shall be found (by Clarke9s Hydrometer, or by any other Hydrometer, w.hich under the Authority of any Aft or Afts of Parliament shall be directed to be used for ascertaining the Strength of Spirits) to be above the Strength of Proof, shall be con(idered, deemed, and taken to be Spirits above Proof, and shall be charged with the Duties of Excife accordingly, without any Deduftion, Allowance, or Abatement whatsoever, any Law, Praftice, or Ufage to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftaudiner*

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That in cafe any such Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vitse, or Strong Waters (not being Irijb Spirits), shall be fairly and regularly imported, and that no Artifice, Means or Contrivance, shall be used or emploved, either by sweetening the fame, or otherwise, whereby the Officers of Excife may be deceived or imposed upon, in respect of the true Strength thereof, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Officers to charge such Rum, Brandy, Spirits,-Aqua Vhic, and Strong Wa-. 48Geo. III.	Ee	tert,

Spirits (not being Iri(h) imported into Great Britain found to be above Proof shall be charged Viththe Duties of Excife accordingly.

Spirits, if (airly imported, shall be charged with Duty as Single Spirits, and further in proportion to tha actual Strength.

A.D. i8o&

C. 1x9,120;	48® GEO. IH.

*	1 .

ters, with Duty as Single Spirits, and ilfo with a further Duty in V proportion to the Degree of Strength in which such Spirits shall he above Proof; any Thing in this or any other Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

44 British, Colonial Spirits shall not be subject to Regulations of this M Aft till after January 5, 1809. § 3.”

CAP. CXX.

Ah Aft for reducing the Excife Duties on Coffee imported into Great Britain, and for directing that Coffee and Cocoa ware-houfed shall be subject to the Regulations of an .Aft of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for permitting certain Goods imported to be secured in Warehoufes.

[30th June 1808.3

. 43 G. 0. c* 69. * \KT HERE AS by an Aft passed in the Forty-third Year of His * VV present Majesty, intituled, An Aft to* repeal the Duties of 1 Excife payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu 45 G. a. c. ao. * thereQf and by another Aft passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the ‘Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Aft for granting to His 4 Majesty federal additional Duties of Excife in Great Britain, certain ‘ Duties of Excife are imposed upon Coffee imported into Great Bri-4 tain : And whereas for encouraging the Confurnption of Coffee of ‘ the Growth and Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations in ‘ Americaor which Ihall be imported by the United Company of ‘ Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, it is expedient to 4 repeal the said Duties on Coffee, and to impose other andlefferDu-4 ties in lieu thereof Be it therefore enacted by the King’s rood -	Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice andConfent of the Lords

.	Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Pariament af-

rromGA 10, sembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after of ExcifconUtlC* the Tenth Day of Oflnbcr One thousand eicjht hundred and eight, Coflec <0 ceaft> all and singular the Duties of Excife 01^ Coffee imported into Great except Arrears. Britain Ihall ceafc and determine and be no longer paid or payable, favc and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof refpeftivcly, which 11*5*11 at any Time remain unpaid* Mew Duties.	XL And be it further enacted, That in lieu and instead of the

Duties hereby repealed, there Ihall be raised, levied, collested, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, the following Rales and Duties; that is to fay.

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Coffee, of the Growth or Produce of any Briiijh Colony or Plantation in America% an Excife Duty of Three-pence :

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Coffee imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of ,	England trading to the East Indies, or in Ships licensed by the faid

Company to trade within the Limits of their Charter, an Excife Duty /	of Sixpence:

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of aH other Coffee an Excife Duty of Two Shillings.

To les.lhnll be HI, And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Du* jmableon Cofca t jes by this ^ft imposed shall be chargeable and charged and payable oaTio 1308 and paid, for and i% respect of all Coffee which shall be imported into

A.D.i8o8.	48® GEO. Ill;	C.120.	41£

Great Britain on or after the said Tenth Day of OBober*One thoufarid eight hundred and eight5 or which having been previously so imported shall, on of after the said Tenth Day of OBober One thousand eight hundred and eight# be taken or delivered for Home Confumption out of any Warehoufe in which the fame shall be or shall have been	['	/

lodged or deposited under the Locks of the Officers of Cu(loins or Excife, or either of them.

*< Duties shall be under Management of the Commissioners of Excife.

€€ £ * »

V. * And whereas it is expedient to allow, Coffee to be imported ‘ into and exported from Great Britain in Packages of One hundred * Pounds be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the palling Coffee may bn of this Alt, it shall be lawful to import into and export from Great imported in Britain any Coffee in Packages, containing not less than One hun-	°*

dred Pounds Avoirdupois; any Thing in this or any other Adi or 100toi*

Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

« Duties shall be levied as former Duties. § 6. Duties shall be paid «4 into the Exchequer. § 7.”

VIII.	4 And whereas Doubts have arisen whether, notwithftand-

*	ing the Rules, Regulations, Reftridlions, and Provifions relating to

*	Coffee and Cocoa contained, provided, fettled, and eftabliffied in

*	and by an Adi made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His

*	prefect Majesty, intituled, An AB for permitting certain Goods (m-4 ported into Great Britain to be secured in Warehoufe without Payment'

4 of Duty, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts imported may not be carried to and 4 put into Warehouses under the Rules and Regulations of an Adi •.made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King

*	George the First, intituled, An ABfor repealing certain Duties therein 4 mentioned payable upon Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, and 4 Cocoa Pajle imported, and for granting certain Inland Duties in lieu 4 thereof; and for prohibiting the Importation of Chocolate ready made 4 and Cocoa Pajle ; and for better ascertaining the Duties payable upon 4 Geffect Tea, and Cocoa Nuts imported; and for granting Relief to 4 Rubert Dalzell late Bari of Carnwath: Now, to obviate and re*

*	move all such Doubts/ be it declared and enacted, That under and Coffee and Cocos by virtue of the said Adi made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign Nut* may be of His present Majesty, all Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively im- 'wwboufedunder ported intd Great Britain ought to be and the fame respectively (hall

be warehoused under and by virtue of the said last mentioned A€t, and 10 q. 1. cTh*? shall be subject and liable to all and (ingular the Rules, Regulations,

Reftridlions, and Provifions contained, provided, fettled, or eftablifh-' ed in or by the said last mentioned Adi so far as the fame can or may be applied to Coffee and Cocoa Nuts respectively imported, and to far as the fame are not expressly altered hy the Provillons contained in this Adi, any Thing in the said Adi made in the Tenth Year 01 His said late Majesty King George the First, or in any Adi or Adis of Parliament, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IX.	provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Cocoa Cocot Nuts or Nuts or Coffee, warehoused under the Dircdlions of this Adi, shall Ctofifee may be and may be exported from any such Warehoufe without Payment of

any Duty of Cuftoms on the Exportation thereof, except such Duty

as may be due and payable thereon by virtue and under the Authority except under

(£ea	of	4sG.3.c.a*t

4*9	C. 120) 12t«	.48®	GEO* III*	A*0* 1808*

/	/	of. an A,ft, patted in this present Seftion of Parliament, intituled,

,An A8 for granting to His Majesty, until the End of the next SeJTion of Parliament, Duties of Cujloms on the Goods f Wares9 and Merchan-v	aixe therein enumerated\ in furtherance of the Provifions of certain 0r~

ders in Council.

Coffee end Cocoa X. And be it further enacted, That all Coffee and Cocoa Nuts re-Nuts intended	fpeftively which shall be delivered or taken out of any such Ware*

for Exportation	houfe for Exportation shall forthwith, and without any unneceffary

dipped Delay, and in the Prefence of the proper Officer of Excife, be car-proper	to	an<* Put on ^oar<^	or Veffel in which the fame are

$^yT *’ intended to be exported 5 and in cafe the fame, or any Part thereof, shall be altered in Quantity or Quality, after being delivered from or out of the Warehouse, and before the' fame shall be exported, or shall not be actually put on board such Ship or Veflel, or if the Whole or any Part thereof shall, after being so {hipped, be unihipped or put into any other Ship or Veflel, or into any Boat f Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident excepted) or shall be relanded in Great Britain, all such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts respectively, the ' (hipping of which /hall be so omitted or neglested, or which shall be “ altered in Quantity or Quality, or fha’l be unshipped or re-landed, shall, together with the Packages containing the lame, be forfeited* •	■	and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife*

CAP. CXXL

An Aft for reducing the Duty of Cuftoms on Coffee imported into Great Britain when taken out of Warehoufe for Home Confumption.	[36th	June	J808.]

43	G. 0. c. 69.	< TT7 HERE AS by an Aft, patted in the Forty-third Year of the

« W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An AS to repeal the

*	Duties of Cujloms payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties < in lieu thereofy t ana by o\hcr Afts patted fnbfequent thereto, certain

'	«-Duties of Cuftoms were imposed on Coffee imported into Great BrU

I	* ta'tiiy andTccurcd on the Importation* thereof in Warehoufes under

« the Conditions required by Law, and which Duties were payable at

*	the Time any such Coffee should be taken out of such Warehoufes

*	for the Purpofc of being consumed in Great Britain : And whereas ‘ it is expedient that the said Duties of Cuftoms so payable should be

*	repealed, and that other Duties of Cuftoms should be granted in lieu

*	thereofbe it therefore enacted by the Ring's most Excellent Ma-jefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

Ptora 03. 10, by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Tenth Day isos, Uutks of of OSoLer One thousand eight hundred and eight, the several Duties Culloms on of Cuftoms on Coffee imported into Great Britain which became pay* Cofira imported a],]e by virtue of the said first recited Aft at the Time any such Coffee Wartbouf^or0 Should be taken out of the Warehoufe. in which the fame had been de-Home Confutiip- posited oft Importation for the Purpofe of being consumed in Great two (hail cease.	Britain, and alio all the additional Impofts or Duties upon the Produft

and Amount of the said Duties of Cuftoms on Coffee so payable as aforesaid, shall cease and determine, save and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof respectively which may on the said Tenth Day of 0 Sober remain unpaid, or to 7	,	'

X

A.D.i8o8.	48°	GEO.	III.	Ciai,	12a,	421

any Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures relatingthereto, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the said Tenth Day of QBober $ and that from and after the said Tenth Day of 0 Bober, indead and New Duty in lieu of the Duties of Cuftoms hereby made to cease and determine, 8<*. P** there shall be raised,' levied, .collested, and paid unto His M^efty,

His Heirs and Succeffors, upon all Coffee imported into Great Bri+ tain, or which on or before the said Tenth Day of Q&ober shall have been secured, and which shall remain in any Warehoufe under the Regulations required by Law, the several Duties of Cudoms fqllowing; that is to fay,	*

For every Pound Weight of Coffee the Sum of Three-pence,

•44 The per Centage Duties under 43 G. 3. r. 70: 44 G. 3. c. 53 j and 46 G. 3. c, 42. shall be paid on the Duty imposed by this Aft. § 2.

44	Duties shall not be payable on Coffee warehoused until taken out of “ Warehoufe. § 3. Duties shall be levied and applied as former Du*

44 ties. § 4.”

CAP. CXXII.

An A St for veding all Edates and Property occupied for the Barrack Service in the Commidioners for the Afi&irs of Barracks; and for granting certain Powers to the said Com-miffioners.	[30th	June 1808.]

*	\KT HERE AS an Aft passed in the. Forty-fifth Year of the Reign 4 W of His present Majedy, intituled, An ABfor veiling in the 4 Barrack Majler General for the Time being, EJlates held or occupied 4 for the Barrack Service, and authorising him to fell the fame with 4 the Confetti of the Lords Commi/fioners of His Majcjly’s Treasury : 4 And whereas the Affairs of the Barrack Department are now under ‘ the Management of Commidioners appointed for that Purpofe by

*	His Majedy; and it is therefore necessary that all Meffuages, 4 Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which were by the said Aft 4 veded in the Barrack Mader General, and all other Meffuages, 4 Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in any Manner used and

*	occupied for the Service of the Barrack Department, should be 4 veded in the Commidioners aforesaid; and that the. said Commiffion-‘ ers should be enabled to maintain and defend Aftions and .Suits in 4 relation to all Contrafts made for the Service of the Barrack De-4 part men t, or in any Manner relating theretoBe it therefore enacted by the King’s mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,' and by the Authority of the fame. That immediately from and after the passing of this Aft all Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which were by the said Aft vested in the Barrack Mader General for the Time being; 'and also all Meffuages, Lands,. Tenements, and Hereditaments which have since been purchased or taken by any'Perfon or Perfons whatever in trad for His Majedy, His Heirs and Succeffors, for the Service pf the Barrack Department, either in Fee or for any Lives, or any Term of Years or any lesser Intered; and all Ereftions and Buildings which now are or which (had be hereafter erected and built thereon, together with the Rights, Members, Eafements, and Ap-

* E e 3	purteaances

45G.9. «.o».

All PremHer -

(except Copyholds) veiled in Barrack Mailer General under recited A&, and all preraifra since purchased or which may be purchased fbc the Barrack

42*

C. 122.

48* GEO. QL

A.D.1808.

Defartxnentdhall be vested hi the Commiflioneri for A&in of Barracks, in trust for His Majesty for publick Puxpofes.

On the lame Terms as such PrcmiCbs are now held.

' Comraiffioneri, with Confent of Treafurj, may fell Prcaifes.

Purchafe Money shall be paid into the Bank, under Pire&ton of the Jreafury.

purtenances to the fame respectively belonging (other than and except such MeflTufiges, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as may be of Copyhold Tenure); and from and after the Purchafe and Conveyance, Grant or I/emife thereof, all other Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments 'which shall at any Time or Times hereafter be purchased by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks For the Time being, or by any other Perfon or Perfona by their Order for the Service of the Barrack Department; and all Erections and Buildings which now are or which shall hereafter be eroded and built thereon, with the Rights, Members, Eafements, and Appurtenances to the fame respectively belonging, shall be and become and remain and continue vested in the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks for the Time being, and their Succeffors in the said Office, according to the Nature and Quality, and Effate and Intereft of and in fthe lame'Hereditaments and Premifes respectively; and that upon the Death, Refignation, or Removed of the present Com-sniffioners, or any or either of them, or of any future Commiflioner or Commissioners, all such Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively (other than and except as aforefaid) shall become vested in and be held by the succeeding Commissioners, and so in perpetual Succeffion according to the Nature and Quality, and Effate and Intereft of and in the lame respectively, in trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, for the Service of the Barrack Department, or for such other publick Service or Services as His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, shall from Time to Time be pleased to direft.

II.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be con-ftrued to vest the said Premifes upon other Terms with respect to former Proprietors, than those on which the fame are now vested in the Perfon holding the fame in trust for His Majesty.

III.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Time being, with the Confent and Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, (fuch Confent and Approbation to be ccr-tiffed by one of the Secretaries to the said Lords Commissioners by Writing under his Hand) to fell and dispose of any of the Meifuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be vested in the said Commissioners for the Time being, with their respective Appurtenances, either by publick Auftion or private Contract, and m flue Form of Law to convey, assign, and make over the fame to any Perfon or Perfons who shall be*willing to purchase, the fame refpec-tively, making the First Offer to the ^Perfon, his Heirs or Afsigns, having adjoining Lands, of whom the fame were first purchased or taken in trust for His Majesty.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That the Monies to arise and be produced by the Sale of any of the said Meffuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be fold under the Proviffons of this present Aft, shall be paid by the respective Purchafer or Pur-chafers thereof into the Bank of England, and shall be there placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks for the Time being, or to such other Account in the Bank of England, as the Lords Commissioners of* His Majesty *s Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, shall direft, and the Receipt

of

A*D< 18o3«

'48° GEO. III.	0.122,123.	4*3'

\

of any one of the Cafhiers of the Bank of England for such Monies shall effectually discharge the Purchafcr or Purchafers by whom or onwhofe Accotmt the fame shall be so paid into the Bank of England.

V.	And be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for the Cbm- Commiffionm miflioners for the Affairs of Barracks for the Time being, and they may hriqgan4 are hereby authorised and empowered to bring, prosecute, maintain, defend Action*, or'defend any Aftion or Suit in respect of or in relation to any Mef-fuages. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments by this Aft veiled in them as aforesaid, or of any Trcfpafs committed thereon, or Damage or Injury done thereto 5 and also in respect of or in relation to any Furniture, Stores, or other Articles, Matters, or Things, or any Goods or Chattels whatever belonging to the Barrack Department or in the Cuftody or Charge of, or uled by any Officer of the Barrack Department, or Perfon employed therein 5 and also for the Breach or Non-performa nce of any or in respect of or in relation to'	,

any Contraft or Agreement made by any Perfon or Perfons whatever for the Service of the Barrack Department, or any qther Matter or Thing relating to any of the Affairs under the Management or Con-troul of the laid Commissioners; and in every such Aftion or Suit, the said Commissioners for the Time being shall be called the Com-miffioners for the Affairs of Barracks, without naming' them or either of them; and no such Suit shall abate by the Death, Refignation, or Removal of such Commissioners ; any Thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament, or Law or Laws to the contrary not with Handing.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That whenever arty Accounts or Cbrnmiffioww, other Matters or Things relating to' any Bufinefs or other Subjefts &c. may

or Tranfaftions under the Management of the Commissioners fot admuulfccr Oaths, the Affairs of Barracks shall be rekifed to be verified by any Oath of %

Affidavit of any Perfon or Perfons, it shall be lawful for the (aid Com-miflioners of Affairs of Barracks, or any one of them, or any In-fpeftor General of Barracks, Or Affiftant Infpeftor General of Barracks, or for any Juflice of the Peace or Magiilrate to administer an Oath and take an Affidavit in that Behalf.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That all Monies which shall at Money fending any Time hereafter Hand or remain at the Time of the Death or Re-' in Name of F irrt fignation or quitting of Office of any Firll Commiffioncr of the Affairs Commiifioner Of Barracks in the Bank of England in the Name of such First Com- hwnTime ,mifhoner, shall forthwith vest in the other Commiffionefs, or Com-

missioner, if no more than one, for the Affairs of Barracks for CommilEowr*. the Time being ; and From and after the Appointment of another First Commiffioner all such Money shall forthwith yeft in such First Commifhoner, and so from Time to Time in Succeffipn.

CAP. CXXIII.

An Act for the Discharge of Debtors in Execution for Small Debts, from Imprisonment in certain Cases.

[30th June 1808.]

WHEREAS it might tend greatly to the Relief of certain Debtors in Execution for Small Debts, and at the same Time  occasion no material Prejudice to Trade and publick Credit if such Debtors should, after a limited Period of Imprisonment, be allowed the Benefit of a Discharge therefrom, the Creditors at whose Suit they were so in Execution being at the same Time authorized to take

C.123*

48a GEO. in.

I Sot.

Peirfons having lain in Prifon for a Year in Execution on Judgment of any Court, whether of Record or not, lor any Debt or Parnates not exceeding 20l. (exclufiveof Coft*), Dial! be discharged, on Application to the Courts at Weftminlter in -

Term Time.

Perfon* fraudulently obtaining Difcharge may be re-taken in Execution, kc.

Such Difcharge no Efcape.

Eftate of the Debtors so ' discharged shall i liable.

Except

Neceflariei*

* take out other Writs of Execution again ft the Land and Goqds of 4 such Debtors, or to use other Remedy for the Satisfa&ion of their 4 Debts, as if the Perfons of such Debtors had never been taken in 4 Executionbe it therefore en^&ed by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent .of the Lords Spi-ritual and Temporal, and Commons* in this present Parliament af-sembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this Ad, all Perlons in Execution upon any Judgment in whatsoever Court the fame may have been obtained, and whether such Court be or be not a Court of Record, for any Debt or Damages not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, exclusive of the Cods recovered by such Judgment, and who shall have lain in Prifon thereupon for the Space bf Twelve successive Calendar Months next before the Time of their Application to be discharged as here* in-^fter mentioned, shall and may, upon his, her, or their Application for'that Purpofe in Term-time made to some One of His Ma« jelly's superior Courts of Record at Wcjlm'injler, to the Satisfa&ion of such Court^ be forth with discharged out of Cuftody, as to such Execution by the Rule or Order of such Court: Provided always, that m the Cafe of any such Application being made to be discharged out of Execution upon a Judgment obtained in any of His Majefty's superior Courts of Record at Wcjlminjler% such Application shall be made to such One of those Courts only, wherein such Judgment shall have been obtained, ^and that whether the Perfon so in Execution shall then be actually detained in the Gaol or Prifon of the fame Court, or shall then Hand committed on Habeas Corpus to the Gaol or Prifon of another Court: Provided always, that'if it shall happen that any such Difcharge shall have been unduly, or fraudulently obtained upon any false Allegation of Circumstances, which if true might have entitled the Prifoner to be discharged by virtue of this Ad, such Prifoner .(hall, upon the fame being made appear to the Satisfaction of the Court by whose Rule or Order the said Prifoner had been so discharged, be liable to be again taken in Execution and remanded to his former Cuftody by the Rule or Order of the fame Court: Provided also, that no Sheriff, Gaoler, or other Perfon whatsoever shall be liable as for the Efcape of any such Prifoner in respect of his Enlargement during such Time as he shall have teen at large, by means of Fuch his undue Difcharge as aforefoid: Provided always, that for and not with Handing the Difcharge of any Debtor or Debtors by virtue of this Ad, the Judgment whereupon any such Debtor or Debtors was or were taken or charged in Execution, shall nevertheless continue and remain in full Force to all Intents and Purposes, except as to the’ taking m Execution the Perfon or Perfons of Such Debtor or Debtors thereupon, as is herein-after provided: And that it shall and may be lawful for the Creditor or Creditors, at whose Suit such Debtor or Debtors had been, was, or were so taken or charged in Execution, to take out all such Execution or Executions on every such Judgment against the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, and Chattels of any such Debtor or-Debtors (other than and except the necessary Wearing Apparel and Bedding of and for him, her, or them, and for his, her, or their Family, and the necessary Tools for his, her, or. their Trade or Occupation, not exceeding the Value of Ten Pounds in the Whole) ; or to bring any such Action or Adions on any such Judgment agaiuft such Debtor of

AD.i8o8. .

48° GEO. III.	C*i23~i25«	41$

Debtors respectively, or to bring any such A&ion or use any fuck Remedy for the Recovery and Satisfaction of his, her, or their Demand, against any other person or Perfons liable4'to satisfy the fame, in such and the lame Manner, but in filch and the fame Manner only as such Creditor or Creditors otherwise could or might have done in cafe such Debtpr qr Debtors had never been taken or charged ia Execution upon such Judgment: Provided always, that no Debtor or But such Dctaoi Debtor* who {ball be duly diCharged in pursuance of this Ad, shall ww lie at any Time afterwards be taken or charged in Execution upon any	on	foA

Judgment herein fq as before declared to continue and remain in full Judgment, &e. Force, nor be arrested in any Adion to be brought on any such Judg* ment, and that no Proceeding whatsoever by Scire Facias* Adion, or otherwise, shall be, maintained 6r had against the Bail in any Action upon the Judgment, wherein the Defendant or Defendants shall have been charged in Execution, and afterwards discharged by virtue of the Provisions of this Act.

[Act not extended to ireland or Scotland.]
II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall not extend or be construed to extend to those Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, which are commonly called Ireland and Scotland.

CAP. CXXIV.

1 An Ad for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships em-' ployed in the Southern Whale Fifhery. [30th June 1808*

“ Premiums shall be, allowed to Sixteen Ships under Regulations of Ads 35 G. 3. c. 92. and 38 G. 3. r. 57.—$ J. 300/. Premiums for Eight Ships clearing out between 1 January and 31 December 1809,

44 and Two succeeding Years. §2. {As under $2. of 45 G.3. c. 96.) u 4C0/. Premiums for Four other Ships. § 3. (As under § 3*«/45 G. 3*

*	c.96.) Premiums for Ten other Ships, vix* CooL to the First, and 4 ** 500/. to the other Nine. {4. (As under $ 4. of 45 G. 3. r. 96.)

44 Apprentices ’proteded. § 5. (As % 5. of 45 G. 3. c. 96.) Benefits 44 of Ads 35. & 38 G. 3. extended to Ships returning from the ♦4 Filhery to Ports in Ireland. $ 6. (As § 6. of 45 G. 3. c. 96.}”

CAP. CXXV.

An A& to permit the Importation of Rice, Grain, and Flour from any Foreign Colonies' on the Continent of America into certain Ports in the West Indies, and to allow certain .

Articles to be imported from the United States of America into the British Provinces in North America, for the Purpofe of Exportation to the Briti/h Iflands in the West Indies.

•	[30th	June	1808.3

*	*1X7 HERE AS by an Ad passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of	r	^

4 W His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled. An A3 for regulat- § 1 J—13.'

4 ing the Trade between the SubjeQs of His Majejly's Colonies and Plan-4 tations in North America, and in the Well India Istands, and the 4 Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between 4 His Majefly'sfaid SubjeQs and the Foreign islands in the West Indies,

4 it is enacted, that it shall and may he lawful in certain Cafes for

‘ any

)

4*£

Governors, &e- of Norar Scotia, &c. roay authorize Importation of Articles under vented A&, for Re-exportation so other Colonies.

45 G. 3. c. 57.

Rice, Grain, and Floor may be imported into any of the Free Forts of the West Indies, Ac. under recked Aft, and 47 G.3.&.3. e.34.

C. I2J, I%6.~	48°	GEOIH.	A.D.	1808.	!

4 any of th$ Governors of Provinces in British North America,

4 therein enumerated, with the Advice and Confent of their re-4 fpeftive Councils, to authorize the Importation of certain Ar-4 tides for a limited Time, from any of the Territories belonging to 4 the -United States of America, for the Supply of the Inhabitants 4 of the laid Provinces respectively: And whereas it is expedient 4 that the Importation of such Articles should be allowed for the Pur-4 pose of supplying other of His Ma jelly’s Colonies than are therein 4 mentionedBe it enacted by the King’s moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent cf the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, In this, present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall and may be lawful for any of the Governors, Lieutenant Governors or Commanders m Chief for the Time being, of the Provinces of Nova Scotta or New Brunfwich, or of the Iflands of Cape Breton or Saint John’s, with the Advice and Confent of their relpeftive Councils, to authorize the Importation of the Articles enumerated in the said recited Aft for a limited Time, from any of the Territories, of the United States of America, for the Purpofe pf the fame being re-exported to any other of Hi* Majeily’s Colonies or Plantations.

II* 4 And whereas it is provided by an Aft palled in the Fortv-4 fifth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled. An A3 to 1 confdidate and extend the federal Laws now in force, for allowing 4 the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize,

*	into and from certain Ports in the Well Indies, that certain Articles 4 therein enumerated may be imported into the Lveral Ports therein ■ named, from Foreign Colonies in the IVejl Indies, and it is expedient

*	that the Permiffion for such Importation should be extended,’ be it enacted, .That in addition to the Articles enumerated in the said Aft, it shall be lawful to import, under the like Authority, Re-flriftion8, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures provided in the said recited Aft, the Articles of Rice, Grain of all Sorts, and Flour, from any Colonies or Plantations in America, belonging to or under the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State, into any of the Free Ports In Colonies or Plantations belonging to His Majesty in the Wef! Indies, which are particularly named in the said Aft, or in another Aft palled in the Forty-feventh Year of His Majesty, respecting the Port of Anifterdam in the Ifland of Curacao, in any Foreign Ship, Schooner, or other Foreign Vcfiel whatever, not having more than One Deck, and being manned and navigated by Pcrfotis inhabiting any of the said Colonies or Plantations belonging to any Foreign Sovereign or State.

C A P. CXXVI.

An'.Aft to permit Goods secured in Warehoufes in the Port of London to be removed to the Out-Ports for Exportation to any Part of Europe \ for empowering His Majesty to direft that Licences which His Majesty i$ authorized to grant under | His Sign Manual may be granted by One of the Principal Secretaries of State; and for enabling His Majesty to permit the Exportation of Goods in Veflels of less Burthen than are now allowed by Law} during the present Hoftilities, and

until

4*7

4LD.i8o8.	48f GEO. Ill#	C.	126.

until One Month after the Signature of the Preliminary Articles of Peace.	[30th	June	1808.]

*	TT7HERJEAS it is expedient that Goods, Wares,' and Mer-€ W chandize which may have been secured in Warehouse within 4 the Port of London should be permitted to be removed to other 4 Ports in Great Britain for the Purpofe of Exportation be It therefore enacted by the King’s molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Aft it shall and may be lawful for any Perfon. or Perfons who shall be delirous of Teiqoving any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize which have been or may be secured in Warehoufes within the Port of London,, under the Regulations required by Law, without Payment of the Duty due thereon, to remove any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize for the Purpofe of being exported to some Part of Europe, from any Port within Great Britain which His Majesty, by His Order in Couneil, ftyall from Time to Time think proper to appoint for that Puraofe: Provided always, that such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so removed shall be subject to such Rules, Regulations, Reftrictions, and Securities as are now by Law required for certain East India prohibited Goods when removed from One Port of Great Britain to another, to be from thence exported to Africa, except with respect ttf the Size of the Packages which it shall be lawful for His Majesty in Council to fix the Size or Weight of from Time to Time as it may appear to His Majesty in Council to be expedient.

II,	4 And whereas by divers Afts of Parliament and otherwise,

*	His Majesty is authorized to grant Licences for various Purposes, 4 many of which Licences have uiually been, and such Licences as may

*	be granted under the Authority of the said Afts are thereby rc-4 quired to be, under HisMajefty's Sign Manual; and it is expedient

*	that His Majesty should be enabled to direft that all such Licences, 4 as by virtue of the said Afts or otherwise His Majesty may*grant 4 under His Sign Manual shall he granted by One of His Principal 4 Secretaries of State, under the Authority of an Order of Council for

*	that Purpofebe it therefore enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty by Order in Couneil, or by His Royal Proclamation, to direft that all or any such Licences as by virtue of any Aft of Parliament or otherwise His Majesty may lawfully grant under His Sign Manual shall and maybe granted by One of His Ma-jefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, in punuance of an Orderof Council lpecially authorizing the Grant of such Licence, a Duplicate of which Order shall in all Cafes be annexed to such Licence.

III.	* And whereas in particular Cafes it may be useful to permit 4 Goods, the Exportation of which is. now retrained to Ships or Vcf-4 fels of certain Sizes, to be exported in small VefTelsbe it enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty in Council to make such Orders from Time to Time for allowing such Articles as shall appear to His Majesty in Council to be necessary to be ex-

Jorted in Ships or Veflels of a smaller Burthen than are now allowed y Law.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That this-Aft shall be in Force during the present Hoftiiities, and until One Month after the Signature of the Preliminary Articles of Peace.

CAP.

Goods fecuroiin Warehouses m the Port of .London may be removed, under Order of Couneil, to any other Pott in Great Britain, for Exportatian in Europe.

licences requiring the Sign Manual ot His Majesty, may l>e granted hyOne of the Secret ario* of State pursuant to any Order in Council.

Goods.maybe exported in final Veflels by Order iu'CounqiL

Continuance of

Ad.

C. 127,128.

AD.IS08-

42S

frgiftm of Marriages so * ibleinnized in

Cbapels'ihall be removed to .

Panfh Churches, &c. and thence tianfmitted to the Bilbop.

43 G. a. C. 5*.

4 *2). so far at it requires Annua! Accounts of 1! cements ^to t>c fettled by the Secretary at War, ami Certificates to }be truilhiittcd to Payituher, repealed.

48° GEO, III.

CAP. CXXVII.

An Aft to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and publick Chapels in which Banns had not uftially been Y^bliflied before or at the Time of palling an Aft made in the Twenty-Gxth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled. An A3 for the better preventing of Clatictejline Marriages. [30th June 1808.3

u Recital of Afts, 26 G. 2. c. 33 ; 21 G. 3. e. 53 ; ‘ 44 G. 3. r. 77 ; “ Marriages solemnized before dugttj! 23, 1808, in any Church or 44 Chapel in England, Wales, or Berwick* duly consecrated, declared 44 valid, § 1.—Minifters who shall have solemnized such Marriages in-44 demnified again ft Penalties under 26 G. 2. c. 33.—§ 2. Regiftersof 44 such Marriages shall be received in Evidence. § 3. £ See 44 G. 3. “ IX- §	2,	3.”]	*

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority iaforefaid. That the Regifters of all Marriages solemnized in any publick Chapels which are hereby enacted to be valid in Law, shall, within'Thirty Days next after the said Twenty-third Day aiAuguf* One thoufana eight hundred and eight, be removed to the Parifh Church of the Parifh in which such Chapel shall be Gtuated; and in cafe such Chapel shall be situated in an extra-parochial Place, then to the Parifh Church next adjoining tp such Extra-parochial Place, to be kept with the Marriage Regifters of such Parifh, and in like Manner as Parifh Regifters are directed to be kept by the said recited Aft, made in the Twenjy-fixth YeSr of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second 5 and within Twelve Months after the Removal of such Regifters to such Parifh Churches respectively, Two Copies thereof respectively shall be transmitted by the respective Churchwardens of such Parifhes to the Bifhop of the Diocefe, or his Chancellor, subscribed by the Hands of the Minifter and Churchwardens of such Parifhes respectively, to the end that the fame may be faithfully preferred in the Regiftry of the feid Bifhop*

CAP. CXXVIII,

An Aft to repeal so much of an Aft, passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Office of Paymafter General, as requires certain Accounts to be examined and fettled within certain Periods, by the Secretary at War, and enabling His Majesty to make Orders for examining and settling such Accounts. [30th June 1808.]

*	TT7HEREAS an-Aft pasted in the Forty-fifth Year of the 4x W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An Ad to repeal 4 an Acl made in the Twenty-third tear of His present Mayfly*for the 4 better Regulation of the Office of Paynwjler General of His Majcjly’s 4 Foroes, and the more regular Payment of the Army, and for the more 4 effectually regulating the said Office ; and certain Provifions are con-4 tained in the said Aft, as to Periods within which certain Accounts

*	of Agents of Regiments in His Majefty’s Forces transmitted to the

*	Secretary at War, are to be examined and fettled: And whereas it 4 lias been found that the said Provifions cannot be strictly complied

4with: -

C iaSw

i8q$«

4*# GEO. III.

•	with: And whereas the Commissioners appointed to enquire and 4 examine into the publick Expenditure, and the Conduct of pub-

*	lick Bufinefs in certain Military Departments, are proceeding in an 4 Inquiry in relation to the War Office, and the Accounts thereof,

4 and as to Regimental Accounts, and Expenditures; and it is then -4 fore expedient that the said Provifions of the said recited Aft fbould *.be repealed, and that His Majesty Ihould be empowered to order 4 and direft all such Accounts to be kept and made up, and tranf-4 mitted and examined and fettled by such Perfon or Perfons in such 4 Manner, at such Times, and at such Periods as shall be deemed ex-4 pedient, so that any of the Regulations which may be suggested 4 by such Commissioners, or which it may be otherwise thought pro-4 per to adopt, may be carried into Execution, with the least possible 1 Delay, for the Publick Servicebe it therefore enacted, by the King’s moll Excellent Majessy, by and with the Adv>:$ and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thispre-fent Parliament assembled, and by the* Authority of the fame. That so much of the said recited Aft, as requires the Annual Accounts of every Regiment, Troop, and Company to be examined and fettled J>y the Secretary at War, or by such. other Perfon or Perfons, as shall be cluly authorized by His Majesty for that Purpose, within Three Months after the Receipt thereof; and further requires Certificates of the several Charges allowed in the said Accounts to be

- transmitted to the Office of the Pavmafter General of His Majefty*s Foroes, with Warrants iigned by the King, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Ma-jelly, by any Warrant or Warrants under His Royal Sign Manual, to make and issue such Orders, and declare and efiablifh such Rules and Regulations for the more speedy and effectual Examination and Settlement of the Accounts of Regimental Expenditures, or of such other Expenditures for Army Services, as usually have been or {hall be hereafter examined in the Office of the Secretary at War, as shall appear to be mod expedient, and to facilitate the final Examination and Settlement of such Accounts.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to exonerate any Agent or other publick Accountant from the Payment of any Balance that may be declared to be due from him, upon the Examination and Settlement of his Accounts, under any Orders or Rules and Regulations which may be made, ilsued, declared, and established by His Majesty as aforesaid ; but that the Balance so declared and not paid within One Month after the fame shall have been demanded, {hall be deemed and considered to be a Debt to His Majesty upon Record, and be recoverable as such by His Majessy, His Heirs and Succeffors, with full Cofts of Suit, and other Charges attending the fame by the like Process, as by the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom wherein such Agent or Accountant shall reside, any Debt to His Majesty arising within the fame may be recovered.

4*9

His Majeft? may make Regulation* for Settlement of Army Expenditures.

Balances due from Agents, &c. not p-idL within One Month after Demand, shall become Debts of Record u> His Majesty.

CAP.

Cn>

A.D. iSc&



•Rfiar. c.*.

§ I, 5. taking mmj Benefit of Clergy in Cafes •f Tneft privily fem Aie Ferfan, sepeakd.

Penalty on felonioua.TTieft. from the Perfon, rot being , Robbery, TranfportatioB, Ac.

48° GEO. in.

CAP. CXXIX.

An Aft to repeal so much of an Aft palled in the Eighth Tear of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth) intituled, An Act to take away the Benefit of Clergy from certain Offenders for Fe~ lony, as takes away the Benefit of Clergy from Perfons dealing privily from the Perfon of another; and for more efieftually preventing the Crime of Larceny from the Perfon.

[30th June 1808.3

WHEREAS by an Aft palled in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Aft to take away 4 the Benefit of Clergy from certain Offenders for Felony, it is amonglt 4 other Things enacted, That no Perfon or rerfons who should after 4 the pafiing of that Aft happen to be indicted pr appealed for feloni-4 ous taking of any Money, Goods, or Chattels from the Perfon of 4 any other, privily without his Knowledge in any Place whatsoever, 4 and thereupon found guilty by Verdift of Twelve Men, or shall * cdnfefs the fame upon his or their Arraignment, or will not answer • directly to the fame according to the Laws of this Realm, or shall 4 (land wilfully or of Malice or obstinately mute, or challenge per-4 emptorily above the Number of Twenty, or shall be upon such In-4 diftment or Appeal outlawed, shall from henceforth be admitted 4 to have the Benefit of his or their Clergy, vbut utterly be excluded thereof, and shall suffer Death in luch Manner and Form * as they should if they were no Clerks: And whereas the said Aft 4 has not been found eireftual for the Prevention of the Crimes therein 4 mentioned, and it is therefore expedient that so much of the said 4Aft as is herein-before recited ‘(hould be repealed: And whereas 4 it might tend more effectually to prevent the Crime of Larceny 4 from the Perfon, if every such Offence, not being Robbery, was 4 rendered punishable more feverely- than Ample Larceny be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That so much of the said Aft as is hereinbefore recited shall, from and after the palling of this Aft, be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling of this Aft, eveiy Perfon who shall at any Time or in any Place whatever, felonioufiy (leal, take, and carry away any Money, Goods, or Chattels from the Perfon of any other, whether privily without his^ Knowledge or not, but without such Force or putting in Fear as is sufficient to constitute the Crime of Robbery, or who shall be present, aiding, and abetting therein, shall be liable to be transported beyond the Seas for Life, or for such Term not less than Seven Years 4s. the Judge or Court before whom any such Perfon shall be con-visted, shall adjudge, or shall be liable in cafe the said Judge or Court shall think fit, to be imprisoned only, or to be imprisoned and kept to hard Labour in the Common Gaol, House of Cor* reftion^ or Penitentiary House, for any Term not exceeding Three Tears.	-

CAP.

A.D. 1808.

48° GEO. III.

C. 130;	43*

CAP. CXXX.

An Aft* for preventing the various Frauds and Depredation* committed on Merchants, Ship Owners, and Underwriter*, by Boatmen and others, within the Jurifdiftion of the Cinque Ports; and also for remedying certain Defefts relative to the Adjuftment of Salvage, under * Statute made	'	'

in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Antic.	'	[30th ^une lSo8.2

* XT J HERE AS it is expedient that a Stop should be put to the *

4 W fraudulent Praftice3* of Boatmen, Pilots, Hoveliers, and 4 others, resident within the Jurifdiftion of the Cinque Port9, who ‘ have for many Years pad, upon sundry Occaftons, committed var 4 rious Depredations on Ship9 in Diftrefs or otherwise, and taken 4 to themselves and converted to their own Ufe Anchors, Cables, and 4 other Property which may have, been loll by Accident, and made 4 the Matters and Owners of such Ships pay exorbitant Demand*

4 for Afliitance, to the great Injury of the Merchants and others con-4 cerned in Shipping, and also to the Detriment of the Lord Warden 4 of the Cinque Ports, whose Rights have been unjottly invacted:

4 And whereas bv an Aft of Parliament pafTed in the Third Year *6. i.«. in*

4 of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, Power is given	G.	a.

4 to certain Commiflioners, to be appointed by the Lord Warden of	104* $

4 the Cinque Ports for the Time being, to determine, within the Space 4 of Twelve Hours, all Differences relating to Salvage between the 4 Mafterof any Veffel and the Perfon or Perfons who fhali bring any 4 Anchor or Cable aAiore from which any Ship or Veffel shall have 4 been previously forced by Strefs of Weather: And whereas by fe- 100.1. e. 17.

4 veral other Afts, passed in the Tenth Year of His said Majefty’s 8 0 a. c. si.

4 Reign, and in the Eighth and Twenty-third Years of His late Ma- 20	2-c*

4 jefty’s Reign, the said Aft is further continued ; and by other Afts 4 of His present Majesty the fame was continued up to the Twenty-4 ftxth Day of March Oac thousand eight hundred and Ax, and from-4 thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament; and by 4 an Aft passed on the Eighth Day of Augujb One thousand eight 47G. a. ft.*.

4 hundred and seven, the laid fe veral recited Afts were revived and «• he*. (!<***

4 continued for Seven Years longer: And whereas it is foundexpe-

4 dient that the Commiflioners of Salvage appointed by the Lord

4 Warden should have further Powers granted them, for the Purpofe

4 of deciding ki all other Cafes of Services rendered to Shipping

4 not provided for by the said former Afts: May it therefore pleafo

4 Your Majesty, that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the

King’s moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent

Parliament assembled,.and by the Authority of the fame, That from Wankn df'

and after the’Firft Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and the Crnque Ports

eight, it ftiall and may be lawful for the Lord Warden of the Cinque empowered to

Ports for the Time being, to nominate and appoint, by any Inftru*

ment or Inftruments under His Hand and Seal, Three or more fub-

ftantial Perfons in each of the Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns- Difputeswtt

and their Members, to adjust and detehnine any Difference relative. Salvage.

to Salvage (which may anfe) between the Mafter of any Veffel and.

the Perioa or Perfons bringing such Cables and Anchors alhore;

£4

A.D. i8o8<

43*. c. 136:.	48°	geo.	nr.

Coimmffirmm

ftalt appoint Secretary or

Saul Coramif-/fionerffOMiJl iVttle all Demands for Pilotage, Salvage, &c. in Dowi^s, &c.

/ »

Fee* to Com-

■ufl&oncr* at allowed by Lord iVaidao.

and in cafe any Ship or Veffel shall be either forced or cut From her -Cables and Anchors by Extremity of Weather, or by any other Ac* dident whatever, dnd leave the fame in any Roadftead or other Place within the Jurifdi&ion of the Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns, and their Members* and the Salvage cannot be adjlifted between the Per* fonc concerned, then the fame shall be determined by any Three or mure of the said Perfons so to be appointed as aforesaid, within the Space of Twenty-four Hours after nich Difference shall be referred to them for their Determination thereof; any Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary in anywise notwith(landing: Provided always, tl^at such Commiflioners shall immediately after their Nomination proceed to elect some fit and proper Perfon who shall be a Notary or Matter Extraordinary in Chaneery, as their Secretary or Regifter, except to the Port of Dover, where the Regifter for the Tyne being of the Cpurt of Admiralty of the Cinque Ports shall be the Regifter, and which Secretary or Regifter (half enter in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, all the Proceedings of such Commiflioners, and also a Copy of the Awards which they shall from Time to Time make; but such Ele&ion of Secretaries or Regifters shall be subject to the Approbation of the Lord Warden for the Time being.

II.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it (h&H be lawfiil fox the said Commiflioners, to be appointed as aforesaid, to decide on all Claims and Demands whatever, which shall or ipay, after the First Day of /fugttjl next, bfe made by Pilots, Boatmen, and other Perfons for Services of any Sort or Defcription jea* dered to any Ship or Veffel, as well for carrying off from the Shore to such Ship or Veffel any Anchors, Cables, or other Stores from any Part or Port of the Coaft of Kent, Sujffcx, FJsex, or the Hie of Thanet, within the Jurifdi&ion aforesaid, as for the conducting and conveying such Ships and VclTels from the Downs, and other Bap and Rqadfteads on the Coaft of Kent, Sujfx, and EJsex, and the I (land of Thanet, or from the Sea, or any other Place to Ramfgate, D.vcr, or any other Harbour, Port, or Place on the said Coafts, within the Jurifdi&ion aforesaid, or for the faring and preferring within the Jurifdi&ion aforesaid, any Goods or Merchandize wreeked, ftrauded, or call away from any Ship or Veffel, the Matter or Owners thereof or their Agents being present at the Place where the Commiflioners shall be fittiug, and that the (aid Commiflionerp shall have full Power and Authority to hear and determine on all Cafes whatever of Services rendered by Pilots, Boatmen, and others, to Shipping within the Juridi&ion aforesaid, whether such Ships or Veffcls shall be in Diftrefs or not 5 and that it shall be lawful for the said Commiflioners whenever they fee Occaiion, to examine the Parties or their Wit-neffes upon their Oaths, which Oaths shall and may be adrainiftered by the said Secretary or Regifter.

III.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall be lawful for the Commiflioners so to be appointed, and their Secretary or Regifter as aforesaid, who shall decide on any such Claims or Demands as aforesaid, to demand and receive of and from the Owners of such Ships or Veffels, or the Proprietors of any such Goods or Merchandizes against whom any Pilot, Boatman, or other Perfon shall make any Claim or Demand for Services of any Sort rendered to such Ships or Veffels, or for the foie saving and preferv. iug any Goods or Merchandizes wreeked, stranded, or cast away

within

435

48° GEO, III.	C.	130.^

within the Jurifdi&ioa aforesaid, and such Owners and Proprietors are hereby required to pay to them such Fee or Reward for deciding on every such Claim and Demand as shall be adjudged to them in that Behalf by the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports for the Time being.

IV.	Provided always. That no Perfon to be appointed a Com-xnifiioner by virtue of this A & shall have Power or Authority to aft in any other Port or Place than that in which he is resident; and that before such Commiflioners shall in any Cafe proceed to ad, they shall severally take the following Oath before a Magiftrate or a Com* miflioner of the Court of King’s Bench or Common Pleas, or a Mailer Extraordinary in Chaneery; [videlicet),

4 t A. B. do frrear, That I have not, neither will I, in any Way

*	* directly or indirectly, take or receive any Fee, Emolument, or

•	Reward from any of the Parties whose Interefts are referred to my 4 Deciiion (fave and except such Fee or Reward as shall be allowed 4 by the Lord Warden to be paid to me by the Ship-owners or Pro-4 prietors of the Cargo or their Agents); and that I will not accept 4 or receive any Fee whatever from the rerfons claiming Reward or 4 Salvage ; but that I will decide according to] the bed of my Judg-4 ment on the Evidence to be brought before me, without Favour or 4 Affedion to either Party.

So help me GOD/

V.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons so claiming to be entitled to Salvage or Compenfation for Services rendered as aforesaid, or the Party or Parties who are to pay the fame, or their Agents, shall be dissatisfied with such Award and Deciiion of the Commiflioners, it shall and may be lawful for either of them respectively, within Twenty-four Hours after fiich Award is made, but not afterwards, to declare to the Commiflioners his or their Defire of obtaining the Judgment of some competent Court of Admiralty respecting the said Salvage or Com-penlation as aforesaid; and thereupon the Perfon or Perfons so claiming to be entitled to Salvage, shall forthwith be required by the .Commiflioners to declare whether he or they will proceed in the Court: of Admiralty of the Cinque Ports, or the High Court of Admiralty of England, and he or they fha91 so proceed within Twenty Days from the Date of such Award, by taking out a Monition against. the adverse Party; but in such Cafe the said Commiflioners are hereby empowered and required to permit the said Ship and her Cargo, notwithstanding such Declaration and Proceeding, to depart on het Voyage, or to deliver to the Owners and Proprietors, or their Agents, any Goods or Merchandizes, respecting which any Claim for Salvage shall be made upon the Owners or Proprietors of the fame or their Agents, giving good and sufficient Bail in Double the Amount of the Sum awarded, and which Bail the said Commiflioners or any of them are and is hereby authorized to tak;e and certify according to the Form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and to transmit the fame without Delay to the Court of Admiralty, in which the Intention of Proceeding shall be so declared, together with a true Certificate in Writing of the gross Value of the whole Ship and Cargo, or other Goods and Merchandizes, respecting which Salvage shall be claimed; and also an official Copy of such Proceedings

.48 Geo. III.	Ff	and

Comhuffioner {hall ad only where he is. resident.

Oeth of the CommUfionos.

Appeal to die High Court of Admiralty or Admiralty of the Cinque Ports giving Bail in Double the Amount of the Sum awarded.

Form.*

QBk.ScWufe.)*

434

A .ID. 1808.

Penalty on cutting away or defacing 15 ♦ y-ropcs,

Felony, 14 Yean Tiaiif^crutioa.

Anchors, &c. for. mi in the frowns ll’all he dejKifiicd nidi1 the I^ord Warden's Officers within S.'veu Days;

•r Pcrfona receiving fame DiaH be puntihed as Receivers of Rolen Goods.

All wrecked

Merchandize and Ship* Stores lfcul! be dcjKjfited in ]iia Manner.

penalty on Salvors felling VV recks of defacing Marks, Felony.

C. 130*	• 48° GEO. III.

and Awards certified by the said Secretary or Regifter, and the Came shall be admitted by such Court bf Admiralty as Evidence in the Caufe.

VI.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Perfon or Perfons /hall, from and after the said Firit Day of ytugufi One thousand eight hundred and eight, wilfully cut away, call adrift, remove, alter, deface, link or destroy, or shall do or commit any Aft, with Intent and Defign to cut away, cast adrift, remove, alter, deface, fink, or deftxoy, or in any other Way injure or conceal any Buoy, Buoy-rope, or Mark, belonging to any Ship or VefTel, or which may be attached to any Anchor or Cable belonging to any Ship or Veffel whatever, within the Jurifdiftion aforesaid, with Intent thereby to defraud or injure any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever, or Body Corporate, such Perfon or Perfons so offending shall, on being convicted of such Offence, be deemed and adjudged guilty of Felony, and /hall be transported for any Term.of Years not exceeding Fourteen Years.

VII.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all Anchors, Cables, Buoys, Ropes, or other Ship** Stores, or Materials of any Sort or Defcription whatever, which.may have been parted with, cut from or left by any Ship or Veffel in* the Do was cr elfewhere, within the Jurifdiftion aforesaid, whether the fame shall be in Difircfs or otherwise, and which /hall liavg been weighed, swept for, or taken Poff (lion of by any Pilots, Boatmen, Hoveliers, or other Perfons, shall be by them delivered either at RamJgaUy Deal, or Dover {Three publick Places of Depofit declared by this Aft for the Reception of all such Articles, or such other Places as shall be declared b.v the Lord Warden ; id the fame State in which they are found, to the Deputy or Deputies of the Lord Vvrarden, or such other Perfon as he shall authori/i to receive the fame ; but if any such Articles so found, weighed, fwiptfor, or taken Poffeflion of, shall net be so delivered within Sevn Days from the finding thereof, a<.d shall afterwards be difeovered in the Pofsession, Cu/tody, or Power-of such Pilots, Boatmen, Hoveliers, or other Perfon or Perfons, he, flic, or they /hall oa Conviction be adjudged and deemed guilty of n?iei\ing Goods k.unviig tbc:n to have been /lolen, and shall fuller the like P uni fitment as if the fame had been floleh on Shore.

VIII.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

all Merchandize or Marine .Stores of every Description, whether belonging to His Majc/ly, or to any Brlti/h Subjefts or Foreigners, which may be preferred fiom any Ship or Veffel wrecked either oa Shore or on the	or	on	any	other	Sand or Shoal, within the

Jurifdiftion aforesaid, shall be landed and delivered at One of the Three Places of Depofit belonging to the Lord Warden** Deputies at Ramfjate, or Deal, or Doi ery or such other Place as /hall be declared and appointed by the said Lord Warden for that Purpose, which-ever /hall be most convenient or contiguous to the Place where the Lofs occurs, within the Space of Seven Days after the fame shall have been preserved and taken Poffeflion of; and that if any Perfon or Perfons who shall have preserved or taken Po/feffion of any such Merchandize or Marine Stores, within the Jurifdiftion aforesaid, shall fell, difpoie of, or otherwise make away with the fame, or /hall in any Manner conceal, deface, take out, or obliterate the Marks or Numbers thereon* or alter the fame in any Manner with latent there-

435

48° GEO. HI.	C.130.

by, dire&lv or indirectly, to prevent the Difcovery and Identity of such Articles by the Owner or Owners thereof, such Perfon or Perfons shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of Felony.

IX.	Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That	°f

nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the

preventing or reilraining the Serjeants, Deputies, or any other Officer Store*, &c. *	'

of the Lord Warden, from feizmg all such Anchors, tables, Buoys, *

Buoy Ropes, or other Ship’s Stores or Materials as aforesaid, and

likewife ail such Merchandize and Marine Stores as aforesaid, which

he or they shall find concealed or attempted to be concealed w ithin

the Jurifdidlion aforesaid, or which he or they shall find in the Poffef-

fion of any Perfon or Perfons w ho shall be conveying or in the Adt

of preparing'to convey the fame out of the said Jurifdiction, or from

any Place where the fame shall have been landed within the said Ju-

rifdidlioii, to any other Place within the fame, other than to One of	^

the said poblick Places of Depofit aforesaid ; but it shall be lawful in

all such Cafes for all and singular the Officers aforesaid to seize the

fame, as well on Shore as at Sea, within1 the said Jurifdiction, at any

Time before as well as afte/r the Expiration of the Seven Days

aforesaid, and to take and carry the fame to One of the said publick '

Places of Deposit; any Thing in this or in any other Adi, Law,

Cuftom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X.	And be it further cna&ed by the Authority aforesaid. That if Unlawful

any Perfon or Perfons, within the Jurifdidlion aforesaid, shall know-	^

ingly, and with Intent to defraud and injure the true Owner or	M *

^Owners thereof, purchase or receive any Anchors, Cables, Ropes, Receivers of or other Ship’s Stores, or Materials of any Defcription whatever, stolen Goods on or any Merchandize or Lading which may have been taken up, weigh- Shore, cd, swept for, or taken Poffellion of, whether the fame shall have belonged to any Ship or Veflel in Diflrefs or otherwise, or whether the fame shall have been preserved from any Wreck, within the Jurifdic-tion afotesaid, such Perfon or Perfons shall, on Convi&ion thereof, be deemed guilty of receiving stolen Goods, knowing the fame to be	,

Rolen, as if the fame had been stolen on Shore, and suffer the like Punifhment as for a Mifdemeanor at the Common Law, and be also liable to be transported for Seven Years, in the Difcretion of the Court before which he, she, or they shall be tried.

XI.	4 And whereas it freauently happens that Anchors, Cables,

*	and other Marine Stores or Merchandize, which have been weighed,

*	fwept for, or taken possession of, within the Jurifdidlion aforesaid,

*	are for fraudulent Purpofes carried away to Rocheftcr, London,

*	Port/mouthf and other Places, not within the Jurifdidlion aforesaid,

4 and the Officers of the Lord Warden cannot, by reason of such 4 Removal, recover the famebe it evaded by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the palling of this Adi it shall be lawful for% bwi Warden's the Seijeants, Deputies, or hny other Officer of the Lord Warden,' whenever the Cafe shall happen, to seize such Anchor, Cable, or &ce”hough0”* other Marine Stores or Merchandize, out of the Jurifdidlion afore- out or their said, and there to take and carry away the fame, to some One of the Jurifididhon. aforesaid publick Places of Depofit.

XII.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Penalty on Pilots, if any Pilot, Boatman, or other Perfon or Perfons, within the Jurif-

didlion aforesaid, shall at any Time after the First Day of dugufl next, counsel, inftrust,' direct, advise,or procure any Matter or other Sbteor ,	F	f	a	%	Perfon

/

A D. 1808.

43^	C. 130.	48*	GEO. III.

Buoy Ropes, - Perfon on board of any Ship or Veflel, within the Jurifdiftion Felony.	aforesaid, whether such Ship be at the Time in Diftrefs or otherwise,

to cut such Ship’s or Veffel’s Cable or Buoy-rope, or to do any other Aft whatever which shall or may tend to the Deftruftionor Wreck of such Ship or Veflel, with Intent thereby to prejudice any Owner or Owners of such Ship or Veflel, or any Owner or Owners of any Goods loaden on board the fame, or any Perfon or Perfons, Body Politick or Corporate, that hath or have underwritten or shall underwrite any Policy or Policies of Infurance upon such Ship or Veflel or on the Freight thereof, or upon any Goods loaden on board the fame, the Perlon or Perfons offending therein, being thereof law-<	fully convisted, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of Felony, and

be liable to be transported for any Period of Time not exceeding Fourteen Years.

Dralm in Ship XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That Store* shall have all Perfons who shall trade or deal in buying and felling Anchors, their Names Cables, Sails, old Junk or Paper Stuff, old Iron, or Marine Stores on thnr Gf any Kind or Description, within the Jurifdiftion aforesaid, shall to	have their Names with the Words Dealer in Marine Store1 painted

l0l y “ ’	distinctly, in Letters of not less than Six Inches in Length, upon

'	the Front of all their Storehouses, Warehouses, and other Depots for

% such Goods; aud in Default of their so doing, they shall, on Con-viftion before any Perfon or Perfons duly authorized to aft as a Ma-- giflrate or Mag ill rates within the Limits aforesaid, fosfeit and pay any Sum . not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds ; One Half of which Penalties shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parifh where such Offence shall Such Dealers be committed: And further, That it shall not be lawful for ftocb fliaU not cut up	Dealers or Traders to cut up any Cables or Part of the fame, or to

any Cordage	uncant, untwine, or unlay the fame, or Cordage of any Defcription

w.thout Permit into Junk br Paper Stuff, nor any Woulding, Wounding, or Wonn-

V.WdenS 1 ■ *ng on any Cable-matting on the fame or on Rigging, on any Pre-IVputies.	tence whatsoever, without firll obtaining a Permit from the Lord

/	Warden’s Deputies, or One of them, which Permit shall not be

'granted unless an Affidavit shall have been first made before some one . of the Perfons duly authorized to aft as Magiflrates, within the Li* mits of the Cinque Ports, Two Ancient Towns, aud their Members, -and shall have been delivered to and left with the Perfon granting filch Permit j in which Affidavit there shall be sworn that the Cable and Cordage so intended to be cut up had been purchased fairly and without Fraud by the Party so intending to cut up the fame, and without any Knowledge or Sufpicion on his or her Part that the fame Jiad been or were diihonefUy come by; and in which Affidavit shall also be specified the particular Quality and Defcription of such Cable or Cordage, and the Name or Names of the Seller or Sellers thereof, which Affidavit shall be recited and fet forth at Length in the Permit thereupon granted.

XIV.	* And for the further and more effectual Prevention of Fraud € in this Refpeft/ be it enacted. That all Dealers in such Marine Dealers shall Stores a9 aforesaid, within the Limits of the Cinque Ports, Two ^MarineStorts Ancient Towns, and their Members, shall keep a Book or Books huughtbjtheo).	written,	in	which Entries shall be from Time to Time regularly

made of all such Marine Stores as (half be by ^them from Time to Time bought, containing a true Account and Defcription of tty?

Times



437

48° GEO. III.	C.130.

Times when the fame were so refpeftivcly bought by them, and of the Names and Places of Abode of the respective Sellers thereof; and also that before the Party who shall have obtained such Permit for the putting up of any such Cable or Cordage (as herein-before required to be obtained) shall proceed to cut up the fame by virtue thereof, there, shall be publilhed, by the Space of One Week at least before the Time of cutting up of the fame, One or more Ad-▼ertifements in some publick Newfpaper, printed within the. Counties of Kent, Sujsex, and EJsex, and near to the usual Reiidence or Place of Abode of such Party, notifying that filch Party h?d ob-„ tained such Permit for the Purpofe of cutting up such Quantity of Cable or Cordage, and of such Kind aud Quality as therein deferibed, a true Copy of which Permit shall be inserted in such Advertifement, whereupon it shall be lawful for all and every Perfon or Perfons who may have just Caufe to suspect, and shall have verified upon Oath the Faft of such his, her, or their Sufpicion before any of the Perfons duly authorized to' aft as Magiftrates, within the J^imits aforesaid, by Warrant of such Magiftrate to him or them for that Purpofe thereupon granted, to require of and from any such Dealer who shall have so advertised, and shall be so sworn to be suspected as aforesaid, the . Produftion and Examination of the Book or Books of Entries hereby required by him to be kept, and" to inspect and examine the Cable or Cordage deferibed in such Permit; and in cafe any such Dealer shall,

• when To thereunto required as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to produce to the Perfon naihed in such Warrant as the Perfon on wnofe Oath the fame had been obtained, the Book or Books containing the Entries of such Dealer so required to be made therein as aforesaid, or shall neglect to keep any iuch Book or Books in which Entries containing Accounts of the several Particulars herein-before required to be entered shall be made, or to permit such Infpeft ion and Examination as aforesaid, or shall, after obtaining such Permit for the cutting up of any Cable or Cordage, and before the cutting up of the fame, neglect to publish such One or more Advertisements relative thereto as is herein-before directed and required to be publilhed, the Dealer or Dealers so offending in all or any of the Particulars hereinbefore mentioned, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, being his, her, or their First Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Ten Pounds; and for every Second and further Offence any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, nor less than Thirty Pounds; One Half of which Penalties shall, on Conviftion before any of such Magiftrates duly authorized to aft within the Limits aforesaid be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parifli in which such Offence shall be committed 5 and in cafe any of the Penalties by this Aft imposed shall not be paid, with the Charges incident to the Conviftion, immediately upon such Conviftion, the fame shall and may be levied, by the Warrant of such Magiftrate as aforesaid, by Diftrefs upon the Goods and Chattels of every such v Offender or Offenders; and in cafe there shall be no sufficient Distress, then every such Offender or Offenders shall and may be corp-mitted by such Magiftrate as aforesaid to the Common Gaol within the Limits aforesaid, in the Cafe of any First Offence, for the Space of Six Months; and in the Cafe of any Second or further Offence, for the Space of Twelve Months, unless the said Penalty and Chargee shall be sooner paid*

*	XV.Aa*

Penalty for

Negleet, &lc. Firtt Offence 20l. to 10L future Offences SOL to UQl. leviable by Diftrefs.

\

48° GEO. III.

' A.D.1808.

Inhabit acts

competent

VVitncffe*.

Lord Warden, his De puties, Jurt^r, &c. £hall, have like Power as Juhices of Pear* or CommifSonen.

Manner of issuing Cominiffions for the PunUhment of Offeneer, tinder Proviliona of flat. 2 9 Hen. 8.

C.15. §5, 6.

C. 130.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Inhabitants of any Parifh, Township, or Place, within the Jarif* didion afoTesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be competent WitnefTes for the Purpofe of proving the Commiilion of any Offence agaiuft this Ad, within the Limits of such Parifh, Township, or Place, notwithstanding the Penalty incurred by such Offence, or any Part thereof, is or may be given or applicable to the Poor of such Parifh, Township, Place or otherwise, for the Benefit or Ufe, or in Aid or Exoneration of such Parifh, Township, or Place.

XV I. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Lord Warden of the Cinque PortsTor the Time being, and the Lieutenant of Dover Caflle for the Time being, and<the Deputy Wardens of the Cinque Ports for the Tims being, and the Judge Official and Commiffary of the Court of Admiralty of the Cinque Ports, Two Ancient Towns, and the Members thereof for the Time being, and any other Officer who shall be specially appointed by the Lord Warden; and all and every of them shall and may execute, perform, and do, within the Jurifdidion aforesaid, all the Ads, Matters, ^nd Things contained in this Ad, in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Magiftrate or Magiftrates, or any Commifiiqner or Commifiioners to be appointed by virtue t£ this Ad, is and are authorized, to execute, perform, and do the fame.

XVII.' 4 And whereas, by a certain Ad patted in the Twenty-‘ eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled. For

*	Pirates, it is among other Things enacted, to the Effed following,

*	that * whenever any Commiffion for the Punifhment of certain Of-

*	fences therein named, shall be directed or sent to any Place within 4 the Jurifdidion of the Five Ports, that then every such Commiffion 4 shall be directed unto the Lord Warden of the said Port for the

*	Time being, or to his Deputy, or unto Three or Four such Per-4 fons as the Lord Chancellor for the Time being shall name and ap-

*	point :* And whereas by the said Ad it is further enacted, to the

*	Effed following, 4 that every Inquifition and Trial to be had by 4 virtue of such Commission,. shall be made and had by the Inhabi-

*	tants of the said Five Ports, or the Members of the fame 1* And

*	whereas of a long Time past no such Commiffion has-been sent to

*	any Place within tne Jurifdidion of the Cinque Portsbe it enacted, for the more certain and speedy Adminiftration of Juftice, That as often as His Majesty shall direct a Commiffion according to the Provifions of the aforesaid Ad, to the Admiral or Admirals, or his or their Lieutenant, Deputy and Deputies; it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, on the Application of the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, to direct such Commiffion jointly to the Admiral or Admirals; or his or their Lieutenant, Deputy and Deputies, and also to the Lord Warden oLthe Cinque Ports for the Time being, and to his Deputy: And the Commifiioners, who shall fit by virtue of such Commission, so jointly addressed to whatever Shire or Place in the Realm the fame shall be limited, shall have full Power and Authority to enquire into, try, and determine, all Offences named in the said Ad, or in any other Ad relating to Proceedings under such Commission, by the Oaths of Twelve good and lawful Inhabitants in the Shire limited in the said Commission, whether the {aid Offences

fhall

1

48° GEO. III.

%

C.130.	439

(hall hare been committed within the Jurifdiftions of the Lord Admiral of England or of the Lord Warden of. the Cinque Porta; and all and every Trial, Conviction, Judgment, and Proceeding what-foever under such Commifiion, shall be as good and cffr:ftuS to ^11 Intents and Purpofes in Law, and shall be followed by the fame Confequences to the Offender or Offenders as if the fame werqhad by virtue of any separate Commiflioti to be issued under the Provifions. of the aforesaid Aft of King Henry the Eighth,

* XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further declared by the Saving of Rfchu Authority aforesaid, That this Act or any Thing herein contained of thn A<!mital»y shall not extend or. be construed to extend to the talcing away, abridging, prejudicing, or impeaching in any Manner whatever the ^ Jurifdiftion of the High Court of Admiralty of England or the Jurif-didlion of the Admiralty Court of the Cinque Ports, Two Ancient Towns, and their Members, but that it fell and may be lawful for the said Courts respectively, and the Judge or Judges thereof for the Time being, to have, ufe^cxercilc, and enjoy Jurifdiftion over all such Matters, Rights, and Offences, as they have heretofore had, used, exercised, and enjoyed, as fully and effcftually, to ail Intents and Purpofes whatever, as if this Aft had not been made; any Thing herein-before contained to^ the contrary in any wife notwith-flanding.

XIX.	Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and de- Savins; of the

dared, That this Aft, or any Thing herein contained, shall not ex-	l!fs

tend or be construed to extend to the taking away, abridging, hin-	nnu^	0 **

dering, prejudicing, or impeaching of any Grant, Liberties, Fran*

chifes, and Privileges heretofore granted to and vested in the Corporation of the Trinity. House of Deptford Stroud, but that the said Coraoration shall hold and enjoy the lame as fullj and effcftually, to all Intents and Purposes, as they might have done in cafe this Aft bad never been made; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XX.	4 Ands whereas Doubts have arisen as to the exact Boun-4 daries of the Jurifdiftion of the Lord High Admiral and the Lord 4 Warden of the Cinque Ports, and it is highly expedient for the 4 Purpofes of this Aft, that the fame should be deafly fet forth

now it is hereby declared and enacted, That the Boundaries of" the Boundaries of the Jurifdiftion of the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, in regard to any Jurifdi&ion of Matter or Thing contained in this Aft shall be and shall be deemed the Lord Wanie* and taken to be as follows; that is to fay, from a Point to the Weft- p””e ward of Seaford in the County of Sufsex, called Red Cliff", including the fame thence' palling in a Line One Mile without the Sand or Shoal called The Horse of Willtngdon, and continuing the fame Dif-tance without the Ridge and new Shoals, and thence in -a Line within Five Miles of Cape Cn%ries on the Coaft of France, thence round the Shqal called The Overfalls, Two Miles distant from, the fame, thence in a Line without, and the fame Diftance along the Eaftern Side of the Galloper Sand, until the North-end thereof, bears West North-weft true Bearing from the \Veft North-Weft Bearing of the Galloper it runs in a direft Line across the Shoal called The Thwart Middle, till it reaches the Shore underneath the Ma%e Tower, from thence following the Line of the Shore up to Saint Ofyth in the County of' EJsex, and following the Courfe of the Shore up the River Coin to the Land-•	F	f 4	ing

A.D. i8c8.

C. 130.	48?	GEO.	TIL

Regulations of 12 Anne Ik. 2. c. 18. as to *4juftiog and recovering Quantum of Salvage extended to Cafes of Salvage without Interference of Officers of the Cuftoms.

ing Place nearest Brightlingsea, from thence in a direft Line to Shoe Beacon, from thence to the Point of Shelnefs on the I/Ie of Sbippey, and from thence across the Waters to Ferersham, and from thence following the Line of Coaft round the North and South Forelands and JBeachy Head, till it reaches the said Red Cliss, including all the Waters, Creeks, and Havens comprehended between them : Provided always, and it is hereby declared, that nothing in this Aft contained shall extend, or be con (I rued to extend, to enlarge or abridge the local Limits of the antient Jurifdiction, Rights, and Privileges of the Lord High Admiral of England, or the Lord Warden or Admiral of the Cinque Ports respectively, or their respective Reprefentatives, but that the fame shall remain according to antient Usage, and that the Defcription herein-before contained shall only be deemed appli-- cable to the Purpofes of this Aft, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithftandpg.

XXI.	( And'whereas it is expedient that the like Means of con-

*	clufivel^r adjusting and recovering the Quantum of the Monies pr 4 Gratuities to be paid to the several Perfons acting or being employed 4 in the Salvage of any Ship, Veffel, or Goods, mould subsist and be 4 by Law; applicable in Cafes where the Salvors shall have acted under 4 and By the mere Employmemt and Authority of the Commander or

*	other Superior Officer, Mariners, or Owners of any Ship or Veflel

*	in Diftrels, as are fow by Law provided for adjusting the Quan-4 turn of such Monies or Gratuities which (haU have become due in 4 Cafes where Application shall have been first made to Officers of 4 the Cuftoms, or other the Officer or Officers in that Behalf named 4 and appointed in and by a certain Statute, made in the Twelfth

*	Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lady Queen jinn, inti-4 tuled, An Ad for preferring of allfuch Ships and Goods thereof which €Jhall happen to be forced on Shore or Jlranded upon the Coajls of this € Kingdom, or any other of Her Majejly's Dominions, and where Affift-4 ance shall have been thereupon rendered in pursuance of the Provi-4 (ions of that Statute ;* be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforefeid, That from and after the passing of this A&, all and every the Means which in virtue of the Statute last mentioned fubfist, and may now he by Law applied for the condufively adjuring and for the recovering of the Quantum of the Monies or Gratuities to be paid to the several Perfons acting or being employed in the Salvage of any Ship, VefTel, or Groods, in Cafes where Application shall have been first made pursuant to that Statute to Officers of the Cuftoms, or other the Officer or Officers therein in that Behalf mentioned, and Affiftance shall have been thereupon rendered and had in pursuance of the Proviiions of that Statute, shall be by Law applicable and available in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, in Cafes where the Salvors shall have acted under and by the mere Employment and Authority of the Commander or other Superior Officers, Mariners, or Owners of any Ship or VeiTel in Distress, although no such Application shall have been made to, nor any Authority or Affiftance derived from any Officers of the Cuftoms, or other the Officer or Officers in the (aid Statute in that Behalf mentioned; and that upon Payment or Tender and Refufal of the Quantum of Monies •or Gratuities to be paid to the several Perfons who shall have acted or been employed in such Salvage, or in cafe such Payment or Tender

*	•*	'-•••*	cannot

A.D. 1808#	48°	GEO.	III.	C. 130.

cannot be made, on Security being givfn for the due Payment thereof td the Satisfe&ion of the Juft ices who shall have adiufted such Quantum of Gratuities, it ihall not be lawful for any Officer of the Cuftoms, or other Perfon or Perfons having the Pofleffion or Cuf-tody of such Ship, Veflel, or Goods, any longer to retain the Pof-feffion or Cuftody of the lame, or any Part thereof, by Reafon or Pretence of any Claim or Right to a Compenfation or Gratuity for fych Salvage as aforesaid, or for having acted or been employed therein.

XXII.	Provided always. That in Cafes where the Salvors shall have acted without Application made to and without anj Authority or Affiftance derived from- any Officer of the Cuftoms or other Officer in the laid A£t mentioned, and the Commander or other Superior Officer, Mariners, or Owners of such Ship or Veflel so saved as aforesaid, or the Merchant or other Perfon whose Goods shall be so saved, or their Agents as aforesaid, shall disagree with such Salvors, touching the Quantum of the Monies or Gratuity deserved by any Perfons so employed as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Commander of such Ship or Veflel so laved, or the Owner of the Goods, or Merchant interested therein, or their Agents, and for such Salvors as aforesaid, to nominate Three of the neighbouring Justices of the Peace to adjust the Quantum of the Monies or Gratuities to be paid to such Salvors; and in cafe the Parties shall hot agree in such Nomination, that then on the Application of any of the Parties to any One neighbouring Juftice <*f the Peace, the Juftice so applied to shall nominate Two other neighbouring Justices of the Peace; and such Three neighbouring Justices shall and may thereupon, and they are hereby authorized and required, to adjust the Quantum of the Monies and Gratuities to be paid to all and each of luch Salvors who shall ^difagree with such Mafter, Commanding Officer, Mereliant, or Owners, or their Agents as aforesaid, touching the Quanturh of Monies,

, or the Gratuity to he paid to him or them respectively, for his or their having been employed and acted in such Salvage as aforesaid.

XXIII.	Provided always, That nothing herein in this Behalf contained Ihall extend or be construed to extend to afFeffc, impeach, or alter any of the several Provifions herein contained in respect to the Cinque Ports, or the Jurifdi&ion to be exercised within the lame, or to affect or abridge in any Degree the Power or Authority hereinbefore given to the laid Commissioners so to be appointed as aforesaid.

“ Publick A£b § 24.”

XXV.	Provided always. That this A& shall continue in force for Seven Years', gad from thence to the End of the then next Selflion of Parliament,. and no longer.	^

44*

Quantum or Money or Gratuity to Salvors may “be afrrrtalnecl by Justices oiiVace.

Saving of Jurifdi&km of Cinque Porn.

Continuance of AB 7 Yean, &e«

SCHE.

C. 130,



48° GEO. Ill,

A.D.1808.

SCHEDULE to which this A£i refers.

QN the Day of Before, &c.

in the Year of our Lord - at	in	the	County	of

[Maflers Names. 3

[Skips Names.]

A. B. [here insert the Name'' of the Salvors'] again!! the said Ship	whereof

was Mafter, her Tackle,Apparel and Furniture, and the Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, on board the fame, and also again (I the said Mafter and the Owners 'of the said Ship and Cargo, for, as the Cafe may he, again ft certain Goods and Merchandizes lately laden on board the said Ship, whereof was Mafter; and also against the faid

Mafter and the Owners (or df the Owners alone appear by the mfelves or Agents, then leave out the Mafter’s Name) of the * said Goods and Merchandizes] in a Caufe of Salvage.

Cafe may he] for the said or for

Goods and Merchandizes, in the Sum of Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, unto the said A. B. &c. to answer the Salvage and Expences on the said Ship and Cargo [or, as the Cafe may he] on the said Goods and Merchandizes, as shall hereafter be decreed by the said Court, according to the Tenor of the A A in that Behalf made and provided; and unless they shall so do, they hereby consent that Execution shall issue forth against them, their Heirs, Executors, and Adminiftra-tors. Goods and Chattels, wheresoever the fame shall be found, to the Value of the Sum above mentioned.

This Bail was duly taken, acknowledged, and") received at the Time and Place above-writ- j ten, before me the undersigned Commissioner; | and I do hereby further certify, that I do believe and connder the Perfons above mentioned fuffident Security for the said Sum of £	J

'On which Day appeared per-fonally W. X. of and TZ. of	who

produced themselves as Sureties For the laid

the Mafter, and for the Owners of the said Ship and Cargo,

i’or, as the Cafe may he for the aid	'	Mafter	and

Owners of the said Goods and Merchandizes (or for the Owners of the said Goods and Merchandizes) and fubmittingthem-felves to the Jurifdi&ion of the High Court of Admiralty of England [or the Court of Admiralty for the Cinque Ports, as the Cafe may he] bound them-selyes, their Heirs, Executors, and Adminiftrators, for the said Mafter and Owners of the said Ship and Cargo, [or, as the 'Mafter and Owners, the Owners of the faid

IV. X.

r.z.

CAP.

A.D. i8o8<

443

48° GEO. III.	C.131—133.

CAP. CXXXI.

An Aft for further continuing until the First. Day of May One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Aft of the Forty-third 43G.a«*.uft. Year of His present Majesty, for suspending Proceedings in Aftions and other Proceedings relating to the Woollen Manufafture.	[30th	June 1808.]

CAP. CXXXIL

An Aft to extend the Provifions of an Aft, palled in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of Seamen and better manning His Majcfty’s Navy, to Cafes arising in consequence of HoftHities commenced since the palling of the said Aft.	[30th	June 1808.]

4 YT7HEREAS an Aft passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His 45G.3.C.7*. 4 VV Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An Aft for the Encouragement 4 of Seamen, and for the better and more ejfeftually manning Hit Ma-«jejfy't Navy during the present War: And whereas the laid Aft

*	contains sundry Provifions and Regulations, touching Matters that

*	had arisen or might arise in consequence of the general Reprilals 4 which His Majesty had been pleased to order against the Ships,

*	Goods, and Subiefts of the several Powers with whom His Majesty 4 was engaged in War at the Time of the palling of the said Aft:

4 And whereas His Majesty hath, since the paifing of the said Aft,

4 deemed it necessary for the Honour of His Crown and the Safety

*	of His People, to order that general Reprifals Ihould be granted 4 against the Ships, Goods, and Subiefts of States then in Amity with 4 His Majesty be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the fame. That all and every one of the Pro- Prorifiom visions and Regulations of the said Aft of the Forty-fifth Year of His wched Aft Majefty*s .Reign shall be applied to all Cafes arising from the faid	^

Orders of general Reprifal iilued since the palling of this Aft, in like nn^r Ordm of Manner and to* the like Effeft as the said Provifions and Regulations General Repii&l are there directed to be applied to all Cafes arising from the Orders of since issued. general Reprifal recited in the said Aft, and lhaS extend to all Proceedings which have been had or ibay hereafter be had in consequence of the Orders of Reprifal issued since the palling of the said Aft, in as full Force and ElFeft as if the fame were particularly enacted in this Aft.

c a* p. cxxxni.

An Aft for enlarging the Times appointed for the First Meetings of Commiflioners and other Perfons, for putting in Execution certain Afts of this Sellion of Parliament.

[30th June 1808.J

*	YT 7 HE REAS certain Afts may have been made and passed in 4 W this present Sellion of Parliament, appointing the First Meet-4 ings of the Commiiiiohers, Truftees, or other Perfons, for put-4 ting such Afts in Execution upon certain Days, which have elapfed

6	*	before

444

A.D. i8g2,

C.i33> >34*

48° GEO. III.

limes appointed for the First Meetings of Commitfioners, &c. under AAi patfcd this Se&un extended.

Such Meetings ckeLurcd valid.

*	before or happened upon the refpeAive Days of palling such A As,

*	and Doubts may arise whether in iuch Cafes the Coramiffioners^

*	Trullees, or other Pcrfons appointed in and by such A As, are

*	authorized to meet and carry luch AAs into Execution: May it

*	therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enaAedand be it enaAed by the King’s moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com* mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That in cafe any AA or AAs of Parliament hath or have palled during the present Seffion of P&rhament, and the Commiflion-ers, Trullees, or other Perfons for putting such AA or AAs in Execution, shall not have met and holden their First Meetings on the re-fpeAive Days appointed by such A As refpeAively, or shall have met and holden any Meetings without sufficient Authority so to do, it shall and may be lawful for such Commillioners, Truftees, or other Perfons, or such Number of them as by such AAs are authorised to meet and to put such AAs in Execution, to meet and proceed in the Execution of such AAs refpeAively, on or before the Day Fortnight next after the End of this present Seflion of Parliament j and all such Meetings so had shall and are hereby declared to be as good, valid, and esse Aual, to all Intents and Purpofes what foe ver, as if the Corn-miffioners, Trullees, or other Perfons had met and proceeded to put such AAs in Execution on the Days appointed in and by such re-fpeAive AAs, or as if they had Been authorized by such refpeAive AAs to have holden Meetings on the Days on which any Meetings may have been already holden as aforesaid; and all AAs, Matters, and Things which shall be done by such Commillioners, Truftees, or other Perfons in the Execution of such AAs refpeAively, shall be as valid and esse Aual in all RcfpeAs,and to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, as if their First Meetings had been held on the Days appointed by such AAs refpeAively, or as if they had been authorized by such refpeAive AAs, to have holden Meetings on the Days on which any Meetings may have been already holden as aforesaid.

CAP. CXXXIV.'

An A A to amend the Laws relating to the marking of Bags and! Pockets of Hops.	[30th	June	1808']

&r39&4oG.a. * TT7HEREAS the Laws in force at and immediately before the c.si. $a.	* W passing of this AA, for preventing Frauds and Irregularities

*	in the marking of Bags and Pockets, to be used for bagging-Hops,

*	have been found inefficient for the good Purpofes thereby intended,

*	and that further Provilions are become neceffarybe it therefore enaAed by the King’s moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com*

'	mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

Barrs Pocket* ^ ^ame> That from and after the Twenty-fifth' Day of July One Hops {ball be thousand eight hundred and eight, in addition to the Particulars remarked with the quired by Law to be marked on the Outlide of every Bag and Pocket Pariih and County of Hops, there shall be marked by the Owner, Planter, or Grower Feral*	Hops,	in	the Form and Manner in which the before-mentioned

ty * Particulars are required to be marked, the Name of the Parilh and of the County in which tye Hops put into any such Bags or. Pock-

A.D.j8o8.

445

48° GEO. III.	C.	134—136.

eta were or {hall be grown 5 and if any Owner, Planter, or Grower of Hops, {hall presume to put Hops into any Bag or Pocket .before the fame shall have been marked in the Form and Manner by this Aft directed and required, he, (he, or they shall for each and every fucli Offence forfeit Twenty Pounds.

II.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfona shall counterfeit or wilfully remove, alter, erase, or obliterate, or' cause, procure, or suffer to be counterfeited, removed, altered, erased, or obliterated, any of the Marks directed and required by this A61, or any other Aft or Afts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the palling of this Ad, to be put or marked on Bags or Pockets of Hops, all and every Perfon or Perfons so offending {hall for every such Offence forfeit Twenty Pounds.

III.	And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Ad, {hall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, or Methods as any Fine, Pe^ nalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejl-minjler, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, {hall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to hjm or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the fame.

CAP. CXXXV.

An Ad' to amend an Aft made in the Forty-fixth Year of His present Majesty for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purpofes of an Aft made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His Majesty, to give further Time for the Payment on the Conditions therein mentioned, of Inftalments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander Houfloun and Company to Charles AJhwell Esquire, and to William Johnjlone Esquire, being Perfons connected with and trading to.the islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, so far as Tclates to the Real and Perfonal Eftates of William Mac Dowally James Mac Dowall, and Robert Houjloun Rae3 in • the Wejl Indies and elsewhere, except in Scotland.

[3dth June i8o8.1

** The Truftees under the recited Aft are empowered to discharge ** a certain Mortgage; not with handing a prior Claim of the ** Crown.”

CAP. CXXXVI.

An Aft to indemnify all Officers and Perfons who have carried into Execution any of the Provifions of an Aft palled in the last Selfion of Parliament, for completing and increasing the Militia of Great Britain, in relation to the Militia of the TovJir Hamlets.	[30th Jura 1808.]

Penalty on

counterfeiting oc ending Marks 20). '

Recovery and

^ppIicat-'Hl of Penalties.

46 G. 3. c. 157.

47G.3.ft.».c.71.

CAP.

A.D.i8c&

I5G.S*c.?9.

IVnnK^lurp^ ■far comra&rtt fcrfhaH he conveyed to the Jftid Cora-■uflioners, and become veiled ui the Tteafury.

All Rente, See. shall be paid into the Exchequer.

Commiflicnctt eiu|.oaaed u> • giaut I wk,r-ie&lcs, Building

Leauii, &c. under Cci enajttt to be approved by TreaUiry.

C. 137*	48* GEO. Ill,

C A P. CXXXVII.

Aft A£t to amend and enlarge the Powers of an A€t of the Forty-fixth Year of His present Majdty, for consolidating and rendering more effectual the several A£ts for the Pur-chafe of Buildings and further Improvement of the Streets and Places near to Wejlminfter Hall and the Two Houfes cf Parliament.	-	[30th	June	1808.]

«« Dean and Chapter of Wcjlminjler empowered to demise to the «* Coirimiffioners under 46 G» 3. c. 89. certain Premifes herein men-“ tioned, for the Term of Ninety-nine Years. § l. The said Com-“ miffioners empowered to purchase certain Premifes on the South u Side of Great Gedrge Street, Scc. § 2.”

III. And be it further enacted, That ^(notwithftanding any Thing in the said Act of the Forty-fixth Year afore laid contained to the contrary) all Houses, Buildings, and Ground which shall hereafter be contracted to be purchased by or leafed to the Commif-fioners under the fame ACt or this Aft, shall be conveyed or demised to any such Three of the fame Commissioners, as in the (aid Aft of the Forty-fixth Year aforesaid is mentioned; and after the fame shall have been so conveyed or demised, or after the Money agreed or awarded , to be paid as the Confideration for any such Purchafe or Leafe shall have been paid into the Bank of England in pursuance of the Directions of the fahie Aft, (hail be, and the fame are hereby veiled in the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or in the Com-♦miffioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, and shall be employed for the Purpofes of the fame Aft, subject to the Powers and Authorities herein contained ; and that the annual Rents and Profits arising from any Grounds, Houses, and Buildings so to be purchased or leased, or from any Houfes or Buildings which shall be ere died in pursuance of the laid lad-mentioned Adi or of this Adi, shall from Time to Time be received by any Perfon or Perfons to be for that Purpofe appointed by the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or‘ the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Trealuvcr for the Time being, or any Three of them, and shall be paid into His Majefty’s Exchequer, and. carried to and made Part of the Confolidatcd Fund oi Great Britain.	' •

44 Commissioners empowered to contraft for taking down Houfes 44 purchased by them, and disposing of the Materials. £ 4.” ,

V.- Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when any Hereditaments shall have been purchased from or demifed’ by the said Dean and Chapter in pursuance of the said Aft of the Forty-fixth Year aforesaid, or of this A£l, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, under the said A6c of the Forty-lixth Year aforesaid, or any such Three of them as therein mentioned, from Time to Time (by and with the Confent and Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer, or of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, or of any Three or more of thtm) by any Deed or Deeds to be iealed and delivered by the Commissioners for the Time being exercising this present Power, and to Jbe inrolled in One of His Majcily's Courts at Wejlminjlcr, to grant

any

' any Und$r-leafe or Under-lcafes of all or any Part or Parts of the fame Hereditaments to any Perfon or Perfona whomsoever for any Term or Number of Years; and also that it shall be lawful for the fame Commiflnners, or any such Three of them as aforesaid, from Time to Tirtie to grant any Leafe or Leaks for any Term or Term? of Years of all or any other Part or Parts of the Grounds which have been or {hall be purchased in pursuance.of the said Ad of the Forty-iixth Year aforesaid, or any of the Ads therein referred to or of this Ad, and that every Leafe which shall be granted in pursuance of this Ad, flnll and may be granted at such yearly Rent or Rents, and under and subject to such Covenants for building thereupon, and such other Covenant*, Conditions, Reftridions, and Agreements as the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commiflioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Threa or more of them, shall approve.

** Commiflioners under 46 G. 3. r. 89. empowered to dispose to Com-** miflioners under Local Ad 47 G. 3. c. lxvii. so much Ground as 4i shall be requisite for the Accommodation of the Court House,

€i for holding the Seflion of Peace for Westminster. ^ 6. Such Ground 44 shall not be built on without Confent of Commiflioners, under 46 ** G. 3. r. 89,—§ 7. Roof and Walls of Saint Margaret’s Church 4t may be repaired by Commiflioners, under 46 G. 3. c. 89. and Di-*• redion of the Treasury. § 8. Watchhoufe and other Buildings 44 on the North Side of Saint Margaret’s Churchyard next the 44 Broad Sanctuary may be taken down by the said Commiflioners.

44 § 9. Said Commiflioners may alter the Pavement, &c. and difpofe	'

“ of the Materials, and may {hut up Streets and make others.—Streets “ {hut up veiled in the Treaty.” § 10.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes whatsoever in Or the Verdi& which a Jury shall be summoned in pursuance of the Dirediona in that Behalf contained in the said Ad of the Forty-fixth Year afore- ^dSlrfenj said, any One of the Commiflioners under the lame Ad shall be com- qomndffioner. * ^etent to give Judgment upon the Verdid of any such Jury, and that such Judgment shall be equally binding and conelusive, as if the fame were given by any Three or more of the fame Commiflioners, (any Thing contained in the said Ad of the Forty-fixth Year aforesaid to the contrary notwithstanding.)

Deed Poll, dated July 7, 1807, declaring a certain Piece of Ground,

“ the Property, of His Majetty, and used for placing an Iron Rail-4t ing near the Abbey, recited, and confirmed. § 12. A certain Piece 44 of Ground lately added to the open Area of Saint Margaret's •* Church and inclosed, shall continue Part of the Churchyard.

“§13”	'	V

XIV. And be it further enacted. That if all or any or either of the His Mqell? Nine Commiflioners named in or appointed by or in pursuance or by empowered to virtue of the said Ad of the Forty-fixth Year aforesaid, or of this appoint Ad, fti^ll at any Time hereafter decline to ad in the Execution of any of the Powers or Duties given to of imposed upon the said Com- 'Jcliniug to Uu miflioners under this Ad, or the said Ad 0/ the Forty-fixth Year aforesaid, and shall signify the fame by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands to the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commif-fioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, then it fliaU and may be lawful for His MajeftV, His Heirs

44»

C.i37> 138.

48® GEO. m.

A«D* i 808 •

Scotch Act, i;a;.

Stipends modified before the palling of this A&. shall not be again-modified for 15 Yearn.

Stipendsmedlfied afcer the palling ofthis A&fhaU not be again modified for SO Years. *.

Proceflea depending pier to March If, 1608, maybe suspended or

or Succefiors, from Time to Time, to appoint by Warrant under His or their Sign Manual for that Purpose, another or other Com-uiiffioner or Commissioners to be designated by Office or otherwise in the Place and Stead of the Commiffioner or Commiflioners so declining to aft;, and that such Commiffioner or Commiflioners so to be appointed shall have all the fame Powers and Authorities for carrying -the said several A&s above mentioned or referred unto, and of this A& ihto Execution, as if he or they bad been originally appointed a Commiffioner or Commissioners for executing the lame refpc&ively.

cap. cxxxvm.

An AS for defining and regulating the Powers of the Com-million of Teinds, in augmenting and modifying the Stipends of the Clergy of Scotland.	[30th June i 808.3

*	'IT THERE AS by air Adi of the Parliament of Scotland, in 4 VV the Year One thousand seven hundred and seven, intituled,

4 AS anent Plantation of Kirks and Valuation of Teinds y Her Majesty 4 Queen Anne and the Eftates of Parliament, empowered, authorized,

4 and appointed the Lords of Council and Seffion to judge, cognofce,

4 and determine in all Affairs and Caufes which, by the Laws and 4 A&s of the Parliament of Scotland had been referred, and did per-4 tarn and belong to the Jurifdi&ion and Cognizance of Commiffioners

♦	formerly appointed for that Effe&, as-fully and freely in all Refpe&s 4 as the said Lords did or might do in other Civil Caufes ; and certain 4 Powers therein meytioned were particularly granted by the said 4 AS ; and it was thereby declared that the said AS and Comxnif-4 fion fhonld be subject nevertheless to such Regulations and Altera-4 tions as should be made by the Parliament of Great Britain s And 4 whereas it is expedient that the Powers of the said Lords of Coun-4 cil and Seffion as Commissioners aforesaid, should in some Re-4 fpe&s be defined and regulated: May it therefore please Your' 4 Majesty that it may be ena&edand be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this A&, it shall not be competent to the said Lords of Council and Seffion as Commissioners afore (aid, except as after specified, to augment or modify any Stipend which shall have been augmented or modified prior to the palling of this Aft, until the Expiration of Fifteen Years from and after the Date of the last final Decreet of Modification of such Stipend.

II.	And he it enacted, That no Stipend which shall be augmented or modified by a Decree after the passing of this A&, shall he again augmented or modified until the Expiration of Twenty Years from and after the Date of such Decree or Modification thereof; nor shall any such Stipend he augmented or modified at any future Period until the Expiration of Twenty Years from and after the Date of the last Decree of Modification thereof refjpe&ively.

III.	Provided always, apd be it enacted, That in all Precedes of Augmentation or Modification, in which the Days of Compearance had elapsed, and which shall have been called in Court prior to the Twelfth Day of March One thousand eight hundred ana eight, and

which

449

48° GEO. in.	C.	138.

which shall continue to depend before the said Lords of Council and Seffion as Commiflioners aforesaid, at or after the palling of this Aft, it shall be competent to the Purfuer either to suspend the fame until Fifteen 4 Years mall hare elapsed from the Date of the lad preceding Decree of Modification, or to prosecute the fame to a Conclufion forthwith; and that it shall be competent to the said Lords of Council and Seilion as Commiflioners aforesaid, either to grant, or to re-fufe to grant an Augmentation in any such Cases, or to pronounce or to reiufe to prooounce a Decreet of Modification therein: Pro* vided always, that if the Stipend in any such depending Cafe shall be augmented or modified by a Decreet after the palling of this Aft, the fame shall not be again augmented or modified until the Expiration of Twenty Years from and after the Date of such Decree of Modification thereof; nor shall any such Stipend be augmented or modified at any future Period, until the Expiration of Twenty Years from and after the Date of the lait Decree of Modification thereof re-fpeftjvely.

IV.	Provided further, and be it enacted, That this Aft shall not be deemed or taken to extend to any Cafe where a Decreet of Modification having been pronounced by the laid Lords of Council and ~Seffion as Commiflioners aforesaid, prior to the palling of this Aft, the Subieft Matter whereof shall be depending, either upon Petition to the laid Commiflioners, or upon Appeal to the House of Lords at the Time of the paifing thereof, or where it may be competent to present such Petition or such Appeal against any such Decreet of Modification, but every such Cafe may be proceeded in and brought to a Conelusion; and a Petition or Petitions may be presented to the said Commiflioners therein, or an Appeal may be taken to the House of Lords as heretofore, and the fame may be prosecuted with regard tp said Petition or Appeal in the fame Manner as if this Aft had not been made.

V.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That in such Cafes aforesaid, where there shall be a final Decreet of Modification, no such Stipend, shall be again augmented or modified until the Expiration of Fifteen Years from and after the Date of the final Decreet of Modification thereof, pronounced by the said Lords of Council and Sefliou * as Commiflioners aforesaid.

VI.	Provided likewise, and be it enacted, That where such Stipend shall, at or after the Expiration of th$ said Fifteen Years, be again augmented or modified by a Decree, after the paifing of this Aft, it mall not be again augmented or modified until the Expiration of Twenty Years- from and after the Date of such Decree of Modification thereof, nor shall any such Stipend be augmented or modified, at any future Period, until the Expiration of Twenty Years from and after the Date of the last Decree of Modification thereof respectively.

VII.	Provided further, and be it enacted, That in all Cafes whatfo-ever where an Augmentation or Modification of Stipend shall have been or shall be applied for, and which shall be judged of, or a De-cifion pronounced therein, after the palling of this* Aft, by the said Lords of Council and Seffion as Commiflioners aforesaid, it shall and may be competent to them to refafe to augment or modify any Stipend in any iuch Cafe, either on account of there being uo legal Fund of Augmentation, or on account of the CircumfUnces of

48 Geo. ill.	G	g	the

I

profecotrd by the Minifiex.

A& (ball not extend to any Cafes depending, either on Petition, or 00 Appeal.

Where there ia m final Decreet no Stipend (halLbe modified for 15 Yean,

and after the Expiration of that Period no Modi Scat ion shall take place till the ttnd of 30 Yeaisu

Commiflioners of Teinds may refafe to augment or modify Stipends.

45°

A.D.i8o8.

Stipends which ihallbe

augmented (h&U be wholly modified in Grain or ViAual unless where it shall appear necef&ry.

Money Stipends {hall be converted into Grain or Vi&ual, except a* aforefaid^ according to the Fiar Prices of the County on Average of Seven Yjars.

Where there arc no Fiars applicable in the proper County, tile Fiar Prices may he taken from adjoining Counties.

M'.niAers fiiall not receive Stipend in Kind, but in Money according to the Fiar Price* of the Grain.

C.138.	48°	GEO.	III.

the Cafe; and it shall and may be competent for any Party or Par* ties to propone all relevant Obje&ions in every Cafe whatsoever where an Augmentation or Modification shall be applied for, and which Obje&ions shall be determined by the said Lords of Council and Seflion as Commissioners aforesaid as heretofore.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That every Stipend which shall be augmented after the palling of this A& shall be wholly modified in Grain or Vi&ual, even although Part of the Whole thereof shall have been previously modified in Money, or although Part of the Whole of the Teiiids shall be Money Teind, unless where it shall appear ne-cefiary, on account of the State of the Teinds, or on account of the Intereft of the Benefice, or on account of the Nature of the Articles other than Grain or Vi&ual which have been in use to be delivered in Kind ns Stipend, that a Part of the said Stipend should be modified not in Grain or Vi&ual but in Money, pr should be modified in such other .Articles as have been in ule, to be delivered in Kind as Stipend.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That in the Cafe of every Decree of Modification which shall be pronounced after the pa fling of this A& as aforesaid, it shall and may be competent to the said Lords of

' Council and Seflion as Commiflioners aforesaid, and they are hereby authorized and required to convert the said Money Stipend or Money Teind into Grain or Vi&ual, save and except as aforesaid % and to make such Converfion into Grain or Vi&ual according to the Fiar Prices of the Kind or Description of Grain or Vi&ual into which the fame shall be converted, as appearing from the Fiars of the County or Stewartiy (truck for each Year, in virtue of Authority from the Sheriff or Stewart in which the Parifli shall be situated, upon an Average of such Fiar Prices for Seven Years preceding the Date of the Decreet of Modification, and exclusive of that Year in which such Decreet of Modification shall bear Date.

X.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That where such Parifh shall tidt be altogether fituated-in the fame County or Stewartry, or where no Fiars applicable to the Kind or Description of Grain modified shall be (buck in the County or Stewartry wherein such Parifh is situated, it shall be competent for the said Lords of Council and Sef-fion as Commilfioners aforesaid, to convert the said Money into Grain pr Vi&ual, according to the Average of the aforesaid Seven Years of the Fiar Prices of Two or more of the adjoining Counties, or of such Stewartry, County or Counties, a9 they shall deem moil fuitabk in the Circlimftances or the Cafe.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall not be competent for the Lords of Council and Seflion as Commilfioners aforesaid, where a Stipend shall, ?fter the palling of this A&, be modified in Grain or Vi&ual, in whole or in part, to authorize the Miniiler to receive the fame or any Part thereof in Kind, but that it shall only be competent for them to decree the Value thereof to be paid, or for him to receive the fame in Money, according to the Fiar Prices of the Kind or Description of Grain or Vi&ual'into which the farre shall have b::en modified, as appearing from the annual Fiard of the County or Stewartry in which the Parifli, the Stipend of which shall have •been so modified, shall be situated, (trucksin virtue of Authority from the Sheriff or Stewart, for that Crop or Year for which such Stipend, modified in Grain or Vi&ual, shall be payable.

XII. Provided

4 S*

48® GEO. in.	C.	138.

XII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any such Where die PwUb Parifh shall not be altogether situated in one and the fame County or Stewartry, or where no annual Fiars applicable to the Kind or Def- f{llatca mon« cription of Grain or Vidual modified, shall be struck in the County County Two or or Stewartry wherein such Parifh is situated, it shall be competent more Countie* for the said Lords of Council and Seifion, as Commissioners aforesaid, ““Y **

to fix upon and specify Two or more of the adjoining Counties, or Sw FWPricou such Stewartry, County or Counties, as they shall deem most suitable ip the Circumftances of the Cafe, according to the annual Fiar Prices of which Stewartry, County or Counties, they shall decree the Value thereof to be paid in Money.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That where there shall Ceiwrfion fhdl have been or ihall be different Rgtcs of Annual Fiar Prices for any be made County or Stewartry, Diftrid or Place, struck. iix^virtue of Au- »ccorilinfftothe thority from the Sheriff or Stewart, the said Converfion from pHreft Mpney into Grain or Vidual, and from Grain or Vidual into Money,

in all of the Cafes aforesaid, shall be made according to the high eft Annual Fiar Prices struck in virtue ofAuthority from the Sheriff or Stewart for the said County, Stewartry, Diftrid, or Place.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted; That the Right of any Right of Heritor to fuirender *his valued Teind in place of subjecting his furrendering' Lands, to the Amount of the Stipend localled upon them, shall not Teind* referred, be taken away by what is herein enacted.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling Time of of this A61, the said Lords of Council and Seflion as Commimonera Meeung of aforesaid, Nine being a Quorum, instead of meeting in the Afternoon Commiffionei* of each Wednefday as heretofore, shall meet at Ten of the Clock in ofTcittd*# the Forenoon, upon the Second Wednefday which shall happen after

the Court of Seflion shall have met for the Difpatch of iWinefs in the Months of November and May in every Year respectively; and at the fame Hour once a Fortnight on Wednefday dunng the Sitting of the Court of Seflion, and at Tiich other Times, and on such other

Days in the Months of December, January, and March, not being any of the Days upon which the Court of Seflion meet for the Dil-patch of the Bufmefs of the said Court, a? the said Lords of Council and .Seifion as Commissioners aforesaid shall find necessary or proper for executing the Powers committed to them by this and the (aid ‘in part recited A61.

XVI.	And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lords of Council and Seflion as Commissioners aforesaid, and they are here-by empowered and required to establish Rules and Regulations fbr abridging the Forms and Expence of Citation of Heritors and others, and for ascertaining the Fa£U and Circumftances of the Cafe, and to establish Regulations for executing the Bufinelt committed,to them by the fafd in part recited A61 of the Parliament of Scotland, and by the present Ad, with as much Expedition and as little Expence as possible.

XVII.	« And, in order to guard against Collusion, and also in * order that no Proceffes of Augmentation or for Modification of ‘ Stipends shall be raised on the Ground of alledged Collusion,’ be it further enacted, That every Minifter insisting in the Procefs of Augmentation shall, after the palling of this Ad, besides citing the Heritors, also cite the Moderator and Clerk of the Prefbytery of the founds, and furaiih them with a Statement of the Amount of his

G g a	prefent

Regulation* for abridging Form* acid Ex pence of Citation, &C.

In Cafes of Augmentation Moderator and Clerk of the Prefbytery shall be summoned, and fumilhed with Statement ofpreffav

45 2

Stipend, and Addition waved, &c«

Power* of recited Adi referred.

Irifh A&s,

33 G. i). c. 36.

36G.3.C. 30.

39,G. 3. c. $•.

40 G'3. e. 68.

C. 138—140.	48° GEO. IIL	A.D.1808.

prefent Stipend, and the Addition to the Stipend which he means to crave, ih order that the Prefbytery, if they shall judge it proper, may appear as Parties to the Proeefs; and, in the Event of the Prefbytery entering no Appearance, the Minifter shall forthwith tranf-mit to the Moderator or Clerk of the Prefbytery a certified Copy of the Interlocutor pronounced by the Court; and it shall be competent to the Prefbytery, within Five Months after such Interlocutor is pronouneed, to enter an Appearance, and to shew, if they shall fee Cause, that the Decree of Modification pronounced is collusive and prejudicial to the Benefice: Provided, that if the Prefbytery shall enter an Appearance in such Proeefs, it shall be competent to the Court to subject the Minifter infilling in such Proeefs, in the Whole or any Part of the Expences of Proeefs incurred by the Prefbytery.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers given and 'granted by the said in part recited Adi to the Commissioners thereby appointed, shall remain and continue in force, and receive such and the like EfFedl as they do at present, excepting in so far as they are altered or repealed by this Adi.

CAP. CXXXIX.

An A£t for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.	[30th	June	1808.]

44 [Number of Tickets 6o,OCO.—Amount of Prizes at a Rate not ex• “ cceding iol. per Ticket.—See 47 G. 3. flat. 2. c. 9. to which this Aft 44 is Jimilar. J

CAP. CXL.

An A& for the more efFe&ual Adminiftration of the Office of a.Juftice of the Peace, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies within the Diftrift of Dublin Metropolis.

[30th June 1808.]

4 TT THE REAS an Adi was made in the Parliament of Irelandy 4 VV in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, 4 intituled, An Aft for more effectually preferring the Peace within the 4 City of Dublin, and the Dijlrift of the Metropolis, and eRablifhing a 4 Parochial Watch in the said City : And . whereas another Adi was 4 made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-fixth Year of His

*	prefent Majefty’s Reign, for explaining and amending the said recited 4 Aft of the Thirty fifth Tear, and for remedying the Abufcs committed by 4 Pawnbrokers within the Dijlrift of the said Metropolis, or Three Miles 4 thereof: And whereas another Adi was made in the Parliament of 4 Irelandy in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, to 4 amend the said recited Adis of the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-fixth 4 Years of His present Majefty’s Reign : And whereas another Adi

*	of Parliament was made i» Irelandy in the Fortieth Year of His

*	prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An Aft for amending, and making 4 p^trpetualy the several Laws for regulating the Watch in the Dijlrift 4 of the Metropolis, and for granting a further Duty upon Pawnbrokers:

4 And the said Adis have been found infuffident for effedluating the

*	laid Purpofes be it therefore enacted by the King’s mofl Excel-

A.D.i8o8,

48° GEO. ni.

C.140.

453

Recited Ada 3S&36 G. 9. and so much of 39 & 40 G. 3. as relates to the Watch EftablUhment rej>ealed.

Limit* of Pollcf Eight Miles round Dublin Cattle.

Police DiM in Six Divisions, to be afceiteined by Lord Lieutenant

lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisprefent Parliament aflemT bled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the said A61s of the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-fixth Years of His present Majefty’s Reign, and evety Matter and Thing therein contained; and also so much of the said Ads of the Thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of His prelent Majefty’s Reign as relates to the Watch Eftabliftimtnt, shall be, and the fame are hereby repealed; (fave and except so much of the said Ads or any of them respectively as repeals any former Ad or Ads, or any'Clause, Power, or Authority, or Provifion given or enacted by any former Ad or Ads, and save and except so much of the said Ads or any of them as provide for the Payment of any Salary or Salaries,to any Perfon. or Perfons in respect of having held any Office or Offices whatsoever abolished by the said Ads or either of them, and also save as herein-after mentioned.)

II.	And be it further enacted. That His Majefty’s Castle of Dublin, atid all Places within Eight Miles thereof, in every Diredion, as to all Matters and Things not within the Jurifdidion of the Court of Admiralty of Ireland, shall be united in one Diftrid, and be called <l The Police Diftrid of Dublin Metropolis.”

III.	And be it further enacted. That the said Police Diftrid shall be divided into Six Divisions, and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, from Time to Time to direct, declare, and point out the Limits of the said Divifions respectively, and to change the fame from Time to Time at his or their Will and Pleasure, and to caufe' Six several Publick Offices to be established, One thereof in each of the said Divisions, and to cause the fame to* be changed from Time to Time as he or they shall think proper.

IV.	And be it enacted, That there shall be appointed in Manner 10 Divifional herein-after mentioned, Eighteen fit and proper Perfons to be Divi- Julhcw, 19 to fional Juftiees within* the said Diftrid, Six whereof to be Barrifters ^wanted by bf not less than Six Years (landing each, and that Twelve of the (aid ^ordLieUtrat“ Divifional Juftiees shall be appointed by the Lord Lieutenant or other

Chief Governqr or Governors of Ireland for the Time being; to wit, Six Barrifters of such (landing as aforesaid, and Three Aldermen of the City of Dublin, and Three Perfons being Sheriffs’ Peers or Members of the Common Council of the said City, whom he or they shall think proper; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor o^ Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to appoint a Receiver, not being an Alderman of the City of Dublin, who shall be called “ The Receiver of the Publick Offices in the Police Diftrid of Dublin Metropolis,” which Receiver shall be incapat ble of being appointed or elected a Divifional Juftice under this Adt and shall be removable from Time to Time by the Lord Lieutenant or o‘.her Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being9 at his and their good Will and Pleafure.

V.	And be it further enacted. That the other Six Divifional Juftiees shall be elected to the said Offices, subject to the Approbation of the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, and the Privy Couneil, in Manner herein-after mentionedand that the Perfons so to be elected '(half be Three Aldermen of the City of Dublin and Three Sheriffs’ Peers.

Ggj	VI. And

Six to he elided from Aldermen and Shenfls' Peon.

A.D.i8o8

454

Form of Election by the Corporation of Dublity

Divifiooal Justices shall remain till removed by LordLieutenaat, &c.

Divifional Justices shall be iwornaa Magiftratea.

lord lieutenant shall appoint Divifion in which each Juftice is to attend.

Lord lieutenant ihall appoint One of the Justices to be Chief .Magistrate, and to attend in the Caitle Divifion.

C. 140.	* 48® GEO. I1L

VI.	And be it further enacted, That on or before the Twenty* fourth Day of July One tfioufand eight hundred and eight, the Lord Mayor of the City of Dublin shall convene an AfLmbly of the Cor* poration of the said City for the Purpofe of electing Six able and fit Perfons of the Description aforesaid respectively, to be Divifional Justices in the said District, and the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, or the usual Quorum, shall at such Affembly nominate as fit Perfons for said Offices, Nine Aldermen and Nine Sheriffs9 Peers, and shall return the Names of the Perfons so nominated to the Common Council of the said City, and the said Commons shall elect Tfiree Aldermen and Three Sheriffs9 Peers out of the Number so returned, and the Perfons so elected shall be presented to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and the Privy Couneil, for their Approbation, in like Manner as the Lord Mayor and Sheriffs of the laid City, by any Law, Rule, or Cuitom now in force, are to be presented and approved of; and the Perfons so elested, being so approved of shall be Divifional Juft ices for the said District, and shall begin to exercise their Offices under this Aft, from the First Day of September next.

Vacancies shall be filled up, according to original Eleftion or Ap-

pointment in One Month. § ;.9>

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Perfons who shall be so appointed or elested, and approved of as aforesaid, as Divifional Justices shall respectively hold and exercise the said Offices during their good Behaviour therein, or until they shall be respectively removed therefrom by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the. Time being, who shall have full Power, at all Times, to remove the said Divifional Justices or any of them; and every Perfon who shall be so removed shall from thenceforth be inca-

?able of being elected a Divifional Juftice under this Aft, unless the .ord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, shall have declared by Warrant under Hand and Seal, previous to such Election, that luch Incapacity shall from thenceforth cease and be removed.

IX.	And be it further enacted. That every such Divifional Juftice shall take such Oath of Office as is or shall be by Law required to be taken by the Justices of the Peace in Ireland, and thereupon shall, to all Intents .and Purposes, be And be deemed and be taken to be a Juftice of the Peace within every Part of the said Police Diftrift of Dublin Metropolis.	*

X.	And be it enacted, That the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, shall from Time to Time, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, assign to each of the said Divifional Justices the Divifion to which he shall belong, and shall change the fame in like Manner when and as often as he or they shall think proper; provided, however, that there shall be in each Divifion One Alderman, One Barrifter, and One Sheriff’s Peer, or One other Perfon, not being an Alderman or Barrifter.

XI.	And be it enacted, Tiiat it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, to nominate any One of the said Divifional Justices, being an Alderman, whom he shall think proper, to be the Chief Magiftrate of the Police

of

A.D. 1808.

4.8° GEO. Ill*

C. 140.

m

of Dublin, and in like Manner to change the fame at his and their good Will and Pleasure, and such Chief Magiftrate shall for the Time being be One of the Divifional Justices of the Divifion in which His Majefty’s Castle of flublin shall be iituate; and that the Office of the laid Divifion shall be called M The Head Office of the Police.*’ u Justices of other Diviiions to fend their Proceedings every Week to u the Head Office. § 12.”

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That One or more of the said Divifional Justices so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall diligently attend at each of the (aid Publics: Offices, each in his proper Division, every Day from Ten of the Clock in the Morning until Eight of the Clock in the Evening, and at such other Times and Places as shall be found necessary; and that Two of the said Justices, so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall in like Manner attend together at each of the said Publick Offices from. Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon until Three of the Clock in the Afternoon; and that the Barrifter, who shall be One of the Divifional Justices at each of the said Publick Offices, shall diligently attend thereat at all Hours, although not his Turn of Duty, whenever any Matter of Weight or Difficulty shall occur to require his Prefence thereat, a written Notice that his Attendance is so required, signed by either of the other Divifional Justices of the said Division, or the chief Clerk to the Publick Qffice therein, being first left at his known Place of Abode.

XIV.	And be it enacted, That the laid Divifional Justices 'and Receiver, and all other Perfon* holding any Office in or under the said Police Eftablifhment, shall be incapable of being chosen Members of or fitting in the House of Commons in any Parliament during such Time as they shall hold the said Offices respectively; and that no Barrifter who (hqll be appointed or elected a Divifional Juftice under this Ad shall, while he mall hold the said Office, practise as a Barrifter in any Court whatever, or do any Bufioefs as a Barrifter out of Couit, in drawing Deeds or Pleadings in Law or in Equity, or any Draft or Drafts thereof respectively, or in giving any Opinion or Opinions, or otherwise; and if any such Barrifter shall offend herein, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds Sterling.

,XV. And be it further enacted, That no Barrifter or other Officer or Perfon nominated or appointed by or under this Ad, (except the said Divifional Justices who shall be Aldermen, Sheriffs’ Peers, or Common Councilmen,) shall, during the Time he shall continue in his Office, or within Six Months after he shall have emitted the fame, be capable of giving his Vote for the Ele&ion of a Member to serve in Parliament for the County of Dublin, or the City of Dublin re-fpedively, nor shall by Word, Mefsage, Writing, or in any other Manner, endeavour to persuade any Ele&or to give or dissuade any Eledor from giving his Vote for his Choice of any Perfon to be a Member to serve in Parliament for the said County and City of Dublin respectively; and every such Officer or Perfon as aforesaid, offending therein, shall forfeit the. Sum of One hundred Pounds, One Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be paid to the said Receiver of the said Publick Offices, to be applied to the Ufes of the said Eftablifhment; to be recovered by any Perfon- that shall sue for the fame, by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, qr Infor-

Gg4	mation

"One Ju (lice flu#

attend in each Office from Ten to Eight every Day, and Two from Eleven to Three; and die Barrifter of each Office to attend at all Hours when required. .

Divifional Justices, &c. incapable of fitting in the House of Commons, and Barrifters incapable of

pra&ifinj*.

Ho Barrifter at other Officer acting under this A&, shall vote in the Ele&ion of Members of PaHiament.

A«D* 1808,

45*

No Brewer, Dtftilhr, Sec. to hold any Folke Office.

Offenders In Police DHltf&t may be taken,&c. in all Parts under Warrant of Divifional Jultices.

C. 140.	48° GEO* III.

tnation in any of His Majefty's Courts of. Record at Dublin, in which no Effoign, Protedion, Privilege, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; such ,A&i°n to be brought within the Space of One Year after such Offence so committed: Provided always, that nothing in this Ad /hall extend or be construed to extend, to subject such Officer or Perfon as aforesaid, to any Penalty or Penalties for any Ad; or Ads done by him, at or concerning apy of the said Eledions in Difcharge of his Duty or Duties in his respective Capacity.

“ Receiver shall give Bond for faithful Performance of his Office* “ § 16. Lord Lieutenant and Council /hall direct Salaries to the “ Divifional Juft ices, not exceeding 500/. per Annum* and 100/. ad-\€t ditional to the Chief Magistrate, fl£c.—Total Expences not to ex-“ ceed 29,600/. besides Expence of hiring, building, and repairing u Offices. § 17. Former Police Magiftrates to receive their refpec-“ tive Salaries for Life. $ 18. Divifional Justices to retain Clerks “ and Conftables. § 19. One Chief Constable in each Divifion. § 20. “ Foot Patroles and Horse Patroles. § 21—23.”

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That no. Perfon using or exer-cifing the Trade or Bufinefs of a Brewer or Distiller, or Dealer in Wine by Retail to licensed Publick Houses, or being a Partner of such; no Perfon who shall have a Licence or Licences to fell Malt Liquors or Spirituous Liquors, or who shall in any Manner he engaged as a Seller thereof; no Vidualler nor Perfon keeping a Publick House, /Hall he capable of holding any Office or Situation whatsoever under this Ad.

“ Payment of Chief Constable and Patroles, &c. § 25. Allowances “ to Justices, flee. disabled, or after Twenty five Years Service. § 2$, “ No Juftice or his Clerk, &c. to take any Fee within the Police “ Diftrid, hut at the Offices. § 27. Divifional Justices and their “ Clerks to keep Account of Fees, Fines, flee. § 28. All Fines “ and Forfeitures to be recoverable only at said Offices, and to go Cl to the Funds of the Police. § 29. All Ads directed to be done “by nearest Magistrate, if arising. within Police Diftrid, shall be “ done at the said Office. § 30.”

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons charged on Oath of one or more credible Witneffes, with any Treafon or Felony committed within the said Police Diftrid of Dublin Metropolis, shall fly for the fame, or remove to, or be found, or he in any other Part of Ireland* then and in every such Cafe the Warrant or Warrants of the (aid Divifional Justices, or any of them, /hall have full Force and Effed in any Part of Ireland to which such Perfon or Perfons may have fled or removed, or where such Perfon or Perfons shall be found or be; and all Gaolers and Keepers of Prifons are hereby authorized and directed to receive into their Cuftody such Perfon or Perfons, when apprehended or in ’Cuftody, under or by virtue of such Warrant, and each and every of them in safe Cuftody to keep until transmitted to the said Diftrid of Dublin Metropolis; any Law or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

“ Rewards for apprehending Traitors, flee. not exceeding 20/, $ 32. “ All Magiftrates, flee, of the Diftrid, when required by Divifional * Justices, shall give them every Information and Affiftance for the

“ Execution

4S7

4ft0 GEO. III.	C. 140,

^ Execution of this A&. $ 33. No Perfon charged with Petty , 44 Felony in the Police Diftrid shall be admitted Approver, without 44 Confent of Chief Magiftrate. § 34.”

XXXV* And be it enacted, That no Perfon charged with or ac# cufed of having committed any HighTreafon within thefaid Police Diftrid, shall be admitted to give Evidence for the Crown again (I his or her Accomplice or Accomplices, without the previous Confent in Writing of His Majefty’s Attorney General, or in his Abfence or in the Vacancy of the said Office, of His Majefty’s Solicitor General; and any Juftice offending herein shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; to be recovered in like Manner,

44 Any Juftice of Peace taking any Examination, See. of any Bur# 44 glary, &c. in Police Diftrid, shall fend Notice thereof, and Copy 44 of Examination, 8cc. to the Head Office. § 36. DiviGonal Juft ices 44 and Receiver shall report all Matters required to Chief or Under 44 Secretary. § 37. And make yearly Reports as to State of Police, “ Coudud of Officers, Sec. § 28. Shall report all Extraordinaries “ as they may occur. § 39. Churchwardens in Police Diftrid shall 44 return to Head Office a Lift ,of all Pari(h Conftables. $ 40. Divi-44 fional Judices and their Conftables entitled to demand the Aid 44 of all Pariffi Constables, 5cc. f 41, 42. Perfons obftruding the 44 Execution of this Ad to be committed until duly discharged. § 43. 44 Divifional Justices shall pod up Descriptions of Felons, Receivers “ of stolen Goods, &c. and circulate the fame free of Poftage. § 44. 44 Power to aired Perfons carrying stolen Goods. § 45. Conftables may “ break open Houfes to search for Traitors, Felons, See. § 46. Juf-44 tices, Constables, See. indemnified though the Goods shall appear 44 not to be stolen, or Felons, See. not in the Houfes. $ 47. Plain-44 tiffs, where there appears probable Caufe for doing the Ad com-44 plained of, shall have only 6d, Damages, See. § 48. Penalty on “ any Perfon concealing stolen Goods, See. First Offence 100/.,* Se-cond Offence, Sec. 200/. $ 49. Publicans, Pawnbrokers, Sec. is 44 Police Diftrid shall give Notice of their Names, Abode, Sec. § 50. 44 Such Perfons having stolen Goods shall produce them on Notice, 44 and date from whom received. §51. Conftables empowered to ** search for concealed Arms. §52.. Nightwalkcrs, Sec. shall be 44 treated as Vagrants ; if Children, to be apprenticed. $ 53. Con-44 stables may enter Houfes of Publicans and apprehend all Servants, “ Sec. found drinking therein at unlawful Hours. § 54—56. All Crimes committed within Circular Road shall be tried in the County of the City of Dublin. §57, 58. Lord Lieutenant empowered out 44 of Police Funds to increase Recorder’s Salary to 1000h per An* 44 num• § £9. Rights, Powers, Sec. of Superintendant Magistrate, 44 veiled m Divifional Justices. § 66. Bye Laws now in force con-44 tinued. §61. Divifional Juftice of Castle Office to (ign all Li-44 cences as Superintendant Magiftrate. § 62. Exifting Licences of 44 Superintendant Magiftrate valid. § 63. Divifional Juftice to pav 44 ana account with Lying-in Hofpital. § 64. No Perfon to hawk 44 about Trees, Books, See. without Licence and Payment of Duties, 44 under 44 G. 3. c, xxii. § 65—72. Hotel Keepers to take out Li-44 cences, and pay 25/. per Annum for Hotels having more than 44 Twrenty and not more than Thirty Windows, and 50/. per Annum * for large Hotels. §73—75. Houses, Furniture, See. of Old Ef-

“ tablilhment

No Pcrfim 1 charged with High Tretfoit ' -

QiaII beadinki<4 Approver without Confent of Attorney General,

4** GEO. IK,

A.D. iSo3.

Aw£tint*cflU-

«ehrer*s/Lcconki!tt.

Comnuffioners of luipveft Accounts mmy examine PerfooB on Oath, caU for Ftpen,

Ac

AtnIm to AppHeaiion of Money, &c. and leport thereon to Loryfc Licntenant.

C. 140;

u tablifhment veiled in'New. § 76. Officers to account on Oath to 44 Justices of the Caille Divifion. § 77. Houses, &c. applied to 44 Ufe of Police Eflabliftunent. § 78. Divifional Justices at Head 44 Office to raise and levy all Taxes and Arrears as Supcrintendant 44 Magiftrate. § 79—85.”

LXXXVI. Artd be it further enacted, That the Accounts of the said Receiver shall be audited once in every Six Calendar Months • by the Commissioners of Impreft Accounts.

LXXXVI 1. And be it further enacted by the Authority afore-laid, That the said Commissioners or any Three of them shall have I full Power and Authority, and they are hereby authorized to call before them, and'examine upon Oath, all Perfona who have been, or as they shall have reason to believe shall have been at any Time concerned in or have any Knowledge of the receiving, expending, dif-bursing, or in anywiie accounting for, entering, paying, or managing of any of the Monies of which they are hereby empowered to audit the Accounts, and likewise to call before them and examine upon Oath all Perfons whom they shall think proper, for the FurpoCe of enquiring into the Honefty, Efficacy, and Legality of the Expenditure of all such Mohics, and into the present State and Condition of the several Matters whereto any of such Monies have been applied ; and to fend for and require to be exhibited to them, as often as they ! shall think proper, all Accounts, Certificates, Books, Monuments, Bills, Plans, Papers, and Writings of what Nature soever, and in whofoever’s Cuftody they may be, which in any wife touch or concern the Receipt, Expenditure, Difpofal, or Management of the (aid | Monies, and to examine upon Oath (which Oath any One of the 1 said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer to all Perfons whom they shall think proper) touching the State, Cuftody, Entries, or Items, in such Accounts, Certificates, Books, Monuments, Bills, Plans, Papers, or Writings.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority afore* said, That the said Commissioners or any Three of them shall and they are hereby empowered and required to examine upon Oath (which Oath any One of them is hereby empowered to adminifter) into all corrupt and fraudulent or improper Pra&ices, or other Mif-conduct in the Expenditure, Application of, ordering or accounting for, iftiiing or receiving all and angular the said Monies, and into the due Execution of the Works for which any Part thereof may have been appropriated; and they shall not include in the Difcharge Part of any Account which shall be stated by them in pursuance of this Adfc, any Article of Expenditure which does not appear to them to be agreeable to the legal Powers veiled in the Parties by whom such Expenditure has been 01* shall have been made ; and they shall, if required, as soon as possible after their Determination and Proceeding on any of the Matters herein committed to their Examination, give an Account thereof in Writing under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of them, to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being 5 and they shall, whether thereto required or not, report to the (aid Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, what Defe&s, Frauds, or Illegalities shall have been observed during their Proceedings in the Mode of Account or Expenditure, or in the Execution

A.D. i8o8.

48° GEO. m.	C.	140^141/	4S9

ecution of the several Matters aforesaid, and likewise such Regif-lations or other Matters as they shall in their Judgment deem ex* pedient to be observed and adopted for the better directing* enforcing, and fecurii}? the honed, just, and effectual Expenditure pf all future Sums of Money for the said several or (imilar Purposes, or any of them.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon, duly summoned by Precept under the Hand and Seal of any of the said Non-attendance. Commiilioners to appear before the said Commiilioners, touching any of the Matters aforesaid, to give Evidence or otherwise, or to exhibit any Account, Certificate, Book, Monument, Bill, Plan, Paper, or Writing, pursuant to this Aft, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or to exhibit any of the aforesaid Articles in his or her Cuftody,

Power, or Poffemon, at the Day and Time in the Summons mentioned, or to answer any Queftion upon Oath which shall be pro-pofed to him or her by any of the said Commiilioners, touching any Matter or Thing which they are empowered or dire died to examine into by this Aft, every such Perfon shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every such Negleft or Refufal, to be recovered by Civil Bill in the Court of proper Jurifdiftion by any Perfon who shall sue for the fame.

Grand Juries of the City of Dublin may present Sums for 44 repairing, building. See. Houfes of Correftion. § 90. Divifion at “ Head Office to appoint Keeper of each House of Correftion. § 91.

“ Each House of Correftion to be visited by Divifional Judices.

“ §92. Divifional Justices to visit all Prifons, 8cc. Six Times in “ every Year, and report thereon to Chief Secretary and to the King’s '

44 Bench. § 93. Divifion at Head Office to appoint and regulate 44 Watchmen. § 94—111. Lord Mayor may at all Times muster and €t review the Watch. § 112. Further Regulations as to Watchmen.

44 § 113—n6. Form of Conviftion, Recovery and Application of 44 Penalties, Sec. §117—124. Compensation to Clerks of the Peace u for County of the City of Dublin, by Presentments at the Quarter 44 Seffions. §125. Expences of Aft. £126. Publick Aft. §127.

** Aft may be amended, f 128.”

CAP. CXLI.

An Aft to amend the Afts relating to the Duties of Adefied Taxes, and of the Tax upon the Profits of Property, Profef-fions, Trades, and Offices, and to regulate the Afieffment and Colleftiou of the fame. ,	[ad	July	1808.]

4 TTJ’HEREAS it is expedient that certain of the Powers and

*	W Provifipns for affeiung and collecting the Duties under the

*	Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes in Great 4 Britain, should be varied and amended in the Particulars herein-after

*	mentioned:, May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be

*	enafted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Period appointed for the Commencement of the Rules contained in this Clause, all Appointments of Affeilbrs shall be made, and also all

Notices

Aflcflbrs shall he appointed, and Duue* assessed according to the following Rules.'

A.13. 18o$«

4tfcr	C.	141,	48°	GEO.	III.

Notices required to be affixed on any Place, or to be delivered to or served on any Perfoij or Perfons for the Purpofe of returning or efti-mating the faid' Duties respectively, shall be affixed, delivered, or served, and all Affeffments of the said Duties, or any of them, shall be returned, estimated, ascertained, and made, and the said Duties shall be collected, levied, paid over, and accounted for, under and subject to the following Rules and Diredions, which shall be deemed a Part of thife Ad, as if the said Rules and Diredions had Severally and respectively been inserted herein under a Special En-adment.

No. I.

AffdVby*(h*n be appointed before the 6th of April

InPefaoltoffurh Appointment, Aifcifors for f >rraer Years fhal) ad.

In certain Cafes the Collegers Uft appointed fhaUad.

Rules and Directions for appointing AfTefTors of the Duties under the Nfanagcment of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, after the Expiration of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

Firft.—It shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners acting in the Execution of the several Ads relating to the laud Duties refpec* tively, and they are hereby respectively required, to appoint AfTefTors for each Parifh, Ward, aud Place within their respective Divisions, before the Commencement of each Year for which* such Appointment shall be made, and to do and complete all Ads necessary to such Appointment, so that the AfTefTors to be appointed may enter pn their Office on the Sixth Day of April in each Year, pursuing, in all other Refpeds, the Diredions contained in the said Ads re* fpedively in relation to such Appointments; which Appointments shall be and continue for and daring the Year to commence on that Day, and until other AfTefTors shall be appointed for the fame Parifhes, Wards,^nd Places, and for the fame Duties respectively.

Second.—In and for every Parifh, Ward, or Place, wherein Af-feflors shall not be appointed before the Sixth Day of April in each Year, to serve for the Year ensuing as aforesaid, the lau Appoint* mentof AfTefTors for the fame Parifn, Ward, or Place (whether such Appointment shall have been or shall be made under any of the Ads in force at the Time of pafoing this Ad, or under this Ad), shall continue in force until other AfTefTors shall be appointed for the fame Parifh, Ward, or Place, and for the fame Duties respectively, accord-ingto the Diredions. of the said Ads.

Third.—In cafe the AfTeflor or AfTefTors appointed for any former Year shall be dead, or be removed from, or be otherwise unfit or incapable to ad for the Parifh, Ward, or Place for which he or they shall have been appointed, and in default of such Appointment of AfTefTors as aforeiaid for the Year ensuing for the fame Parifh, Ward, or Place, and for the fame Duties respectively, then and in every such Cafe the last Appointment of a Colledor or Colledors of the fame Duties for such Parifh, Ward, or Place (whether such Appointment shall have been or shall be made under any of the Ads in force at the Time of passing this Ad, or under this Ad) shall continue in force until AfTefTors shall be appointed for the fame Parifh, Ward, or Place, and for the fame Duties respectively, according to the Dire dio ns of the said Ads 5 and every such Colledor shall, in every such Cafe, during such Continuance in his Office of Collector, do, perform, and execute all such Matters and Things as are directed by the said Ads or this Ad to be done, performed, or executed by

Afleflors;

48° GEO. TIL	G14T.	461

AlTelTors; and all Parts of the said A As or this AA relating to and applied to AlTelTors, shall in every such Cafe be construed as applicable to, and be in like Manner, and to 'the like Intent, applied to such. ColleAors v and the Powers contained in the said A As or this A A shall be as fully and amply exercised and praAifed by such ColleAors, as if the fame Powers had been expressly given to the said ColleAora by the said AA6 or this AA.

Fourth.—All Penalties imposed by any of the A As in force at the Time of palling this AA, on AlTelTors, for refusing or negleAing to take upon themselves the Office of AfTefTor, or to perform their Duty therein -as preferibed by the said A As refpeAively, shall be in the like Cafes imposed on AlTelTors appointed according to this AA, for nc-gleAing to take upon themselves the Office of AlTelTor, or to perform their Duty as preferibed by this A A; and every such Colie Aor as aforesaid, on whom the Duty of AlTelTor shall have devolved in pur-fuance of this A A, shall be fubjeA and liable to the like Penalties for the like tyegleA of Duty.

Fifth.—In every Parilh, Ward, or Place, where AlTelTors shall not be appointed in pursuance of this A A, or being appointed shall not have taken upon themselves the Office on or before the Commencement of the ensuing Year, or where the AlTelTors or ColleAors for any former Year on whom the Duty of AlTelTor shall have devolved, shall not have taken upon themselves the Office of AlTelTor on or before the Commencement of such ensuing Year, it shall be lawful for the Surveyor of the DiftriA, and he is hereby required to execute the Duty of AlTelTor for such Parilh, Ward, or Place, until AlTelTors shall be appointed who shall duly take upon themselves the said Office.

Sixth.—In every Notice of Continuance in Office of any AffefTor or ColleAor, the refpeAive Commissioners who shall cause such Notice to be. given, shall require the Attendance of such AlTelTor or ColleAor on a Day and at a Place within the Divilion to be mimed in such Appointment or Notice, then and there ta receive and take Charge of all such Notices and Papers as shall be delivered to them refpr Aively, for the due Execution of the said AAb, in Manner herein-after men- % tioned, which Day shall not be later than Seven Days after the Fifth Day of dpr'il in each Year; and in default of such Notice being given by such Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the InfpeAor or Surveyor of the DiltriA to give such Notice, and to require the Attendance of such AlTelTors Or ColleAors on a Day and at a Place within the Divifion to be named by the said InfpeAor or Surveyor for that Purpofe.

No. II.

AflffTors ItaMe to Penalties for refilling to

In certain Cases, Surveyors fhall

aa.

Attendance of AfTeflors to proceed in executing A&*.

Rules and Directions for Service of Notices to Perfons liable to be charged to the said Duties, or any of them.

Firft.—All Notices relating to the said Duties, or any of them. Surveyor shall requiring to be affixed on any Place, or to be delivered to or other- deliver Notice wile served on any Perfon or Perfons for the Purpofe of returning or VlJtu estimating the said Duties refpeAively, shall be delivered by the	°n*

refpeAive Surveyors of the DiftriAs in which such Notices are re-

?uired (ot by the InfpeAors for the {one DiftriAs, or by any other nfpeAors or Surveyors of the fame Duties, duly authorized to take charge of such DiftriAs refpeAively, by or under the Commiffioners

for

L

AJ).i8o£

4<fc

C. 141.

48* GEO. III.

TIm* of DelWerr.

Afieflon and Collegers shall cbferve the Directions of Infpe&ors and Surveyors.

for the Affairs of Taxes or any Three or more of them) to the re» fpe&ive Affeffors appointed dr ailing in pursuance of this AH, or to the refpeCtive Collectors on whom the Duty of Afieffor shall hare devolved as aforesaid, for the Purpofe of serving the fame on the rfefpec-tive Perfons liable to the said Duties, in the Manner required by the said Ads.

Second.—All fucb Notices shall be delivered to such Affefiors or Collectors as aforesaid on or as soon after the Sixth Day of Abril in each Year as the fame can be done; and the Delivery or such Notices by such Infpc&ors or Surveyors, or any of them, shall be as effectual as if the feme had been delivered by the Commissioners of . the Divifion according to the Directions of the said Ads.

Third.—The said Affeffors and Collectors refpeCtively are hereby required to observe such Directions as may from Time to Time be given to them by the said InfpeCtors and Surveyors, in all Matters touching the Time and Manner of fixing or delivering or otherwise serving iuch Notices, and the Perfons on whom the fame >are to be fervea, such Directions bavin? been previously fecn and allowed by the Commiflioners aCting for the Divifion in which the said InfpeCtor or Surveyor shall alt.

No. III.

Rules and Directions for making and returning the Certificates of Affeffment, or Certificates of Eftimates, by Affeffors • aCting under the said Acts, and for making and collecting the First Affeffments in each Year.

Firft.—The Affeffors of the said refpeCtive Duties shall deliver their Certificates to the refpeCtive Commiflioners on or before the .Day which such Commissioners shall appoint for that Purpose, yearly, which Day so to be appointed for the Delivery of the Certificates of Affeffment of the Duties of Affeffed Taxes, shall not be later than the Twentieth Day of June in each Year of Affeffment; and the Day to be appointed for the Delivery of the Certificates of Eftimates of Property, or Profits of Prosessions, Trades, and Offices, (ball not be later than the Twentieth Day of July in the feme Year, on which Days refpellively, the said Affeffor shall also deliver to the refpeCtive Commissioners all the Returns or Statements relative to the said refpeCtive Duties made to the said Affeffors before the refpeCtive Days so appointed; and all the Returns and Statements made by the Parties to be charged, which shall be delivered after that Day, shall be delivered to the refpeCtive Commissioners.

For making	Second.—In	all Cales relating to the Duties of Affeffed Taxes,

Affeffment* in where the Affeffor or Affeffors shall not have received any Return defaulted Return., from any Perfon or Perfons liable to be charged to the said Duties, it shall be lawful for such Affeffor or Affeffors, and he and they is and are hereby required to make a true Affeffment on such Perfon or Perfons, to the belt of his or their Information and Judgment, of the real Charge which ought to be imposed; and in all Cafes relating to the Duty on Property, Prosessions, Trades, and Offices, where the re-t fpe&ive Affefiors shall not have received any Statement from* any Party or Parties liable to be -charged to the said Duties, it shall be lawful for the said Affeffor or Affeffors to estimate the Property of fucb Parties refpeCtively, and the Profits arising from any Profeffions or Trades exercised, or any Offices held by such Parties refpeCtively, according

to

Time of

delivering Certificates of AJfrifioent.

48° GEO. III.	C.	141.	4C3

to the best of his or their Information and Judgment; and in cafe the said Afleflor or Afleflors shall not so estimate the Property or Profit* of any such Party or Parties who shall not have made a Return for that Year, then such Afleflor or Afleflors shall return to the said Commiflioners the Name and Place of Refidence of every such Party $ and where the respective Commiflioners shall also not have received any Statement, it shall be lawful for the said respective Commif-fioners to make an Afleflinent on such Party or Parties either in the fame Sums respectively, and to the fame Amount, as the said Parties rcfpe&ively were charged in the lad Afleflinent of the said Duties fo+ the said Division, or according to the bed of their Judgment, subject to Alteration by Appeal or Surcharge, in the Manner directed by the A&s relating to the said Duties.

Third.—The Fird Afleflments to be made of the said Duties or AtfefTmert any of them, for any Year, shall be made according to the* Eftimates {hall he made or Returns and Afleflments mentioned in the preceding Rule, with- without indofiqg out including therein any Matters of Surcharge by the Infpe&ors or Matters °* Surveyors ; which Fird Afleflments respectively shall be separately and ^uschaige. dtftin&ly collected, and shall be contained in the fird Duplicates to be delivered to the Colle&ors and Surveyors for that Year, and shall be cplle&ed and levied in Moieties on the Days hcrein-after mentioned; that is to fay, One Moiety of the Duties of A defied Taxes, if not xim« rf sooner paid or satisfied according to the Dire&ions of the said A&s CoHfflivn. respectively, shall be collected or levied before the Tenth Day of October, in each Year of Afiefiment, or within Twenty-one Days thereaster, and the other Moiety thereof before the Fifth Day of jlbrtl following, or within Twenty-one Days thereafter 5 and One Moiety of the Duties on Property, Prosessions, Trades, and Offices, if not sooner paid or satisfied as aforesaid, shall be collected, levied, or paid before the Fifth Day of January in each Year of Afleflinent, or within Twenty-one Days thereaster, and the other Moiety thereof before the Fifth Day of July following, or within Twenty-one Days thereaster: Provided always, that nothing*herein contained shall be construed to alter the Times or Proportions at which the said Duties are payable, according to the Dire&ions of the said A&s respectively, or in any Way to impeach or afie& the Powers or Provifions of the said A&s for the Recovery of the said Duties at fuck Times and if such Proportions as are therein prescribed, and the said respective ^

Duties (halt be deemed payable Quarterly at the Times mentioned in the said A&s, by Four Inftalments; and it shall be lawful to de-enand, receive, or levy the fame according to the said A&s; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Fourth.—In order that due Time may be given for hearing Ap- Tim? of Delivery peals against such Firfb Afleflments, the respective Commi(uoners orDuplicate* of are hereby required and strictly enjoined to deliver, in all Cafes relat- FirflAflcffmew*. ing to the Duties of Aflefied Taxes, their First Duplicates thereof to the respective Colle&ors on or before the Twentieth Day of July in each Year, with Dire&ions to cause publick Notice thereof to be given in the Paristi, Ward, *or Place to which such Duplicates relate, to which Duplicates in the Hands of such Colle&ors all Periods interested shall have Access, and may examine the fame' at any reasonable Time in the Day-time; and in all Cafes relating to the Duties on Property, Prosessions, Trades, and Offices, the respective Commiflioners shall, as and when they shall make an Affeflinent on any 7	Perfon

4&t

as to the Time of entering

taw* of hearing Ajgpeals*'

Tune of *'.Mivrring Duplicates of lull Afieflment.

«

C.I4I.	48®	GEO*	IIL	A.’D. 1808*

Perfon or Peribns, caufp a Notice thereof to be given in the Manner directed by the A&s relating to the said lad-mentioned Duties, to the Party or Parties charged in and by filch Affeffment within the Space or Three Days after making such Affeffment, and so from Time to Time, until all such Affeflments shall be made, in which Certificates ihall be inserted the Times limited for hearing the. Appeals therefrom.

Fifth.—All Appeals againd such Fird Affeflments shall be entered, and due Notice thereof given within the respective Times herein-after limited; that is to fay, in all Cafes relating to the Duties on Af-fefled Taxes, within Twenty-eight Days after the Delivery of the Duplicates of the Fird Affeflments to the respective Colle&ors of the Parifhes, Wards, or Places, for which such Affeflments shall be made; and in all Cafes relating to the Duties on Property, Pro-sessions, Trades, and Offices, within Fifteen Days after the Date of the Notice of such Fird Affeffment, to the Party or Parties charged therewith.	,	'	*

Sixth.—All Appeals againd such Fird Affeflments of the Duties of Affeffed Taxes, in any Year, ihall be heard and determined between the Twentieth Day of Augujl and the Tenth Day of September following; and on such Day or Days within the Time herein limited, as the Commissioners of the Divifion shall appoint, whereof they are hereby required .to give Notice in the Manner in which such Notices have usually been given in the several Parifhes, Wards, and Places in their Division; and all Appeals againd such Fird Affeff-ments of the Duties bn Property, Profcflions, Trades, and Offices, in any Year, shall be heard and determined as soon after Notice thereof shall be given to the respective Commissioners as conveniently can be done, and for that Purpofe the said respective Commissioners, or Two of them at the lead, shall meet together within Eight Days after any such Notice of Appeal shall have been received by them, and so irom Day to Day or from Time to Time, at reasonable Intervals, with or without Adjournment, until all Appeals againd such Fird Affeffment shall be heard and determined, of which Day or Days of Appeal the said respective Commiffioners- shall cause Notice to be given to the respective Appellants; Provided always, that in every Cafe where the Party assessed shall be prevented from appealing within the Time herein limited, or from attending in Perfon at the Time limited for hearing the Appeal of such Party by Abfence or Sicknefs, or other sufficient Cauie, to be proved before the respective Commissioners on the Oath or solemn Affirmation of the Party, it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners to enter such Appeal after the Time herein limited, or to podpone the hearing thereof for such reasonable Time as shall be necessary, so tha£ no Delay shall be thereby occasioned in the Payment or Colle&ion of the Sums contained in the said Fird Affeffment.

Seventh.—The said respective Commissioners shall cause to be delivered to the respective Colle&ors their Duplicates of the Fird Affeffment, including in such Duplicates, as well all such Matters as have been appealedagaind and determined by the said Commissioners, as all such Matters as have been assessed and not appealed againd; and all such Duplicates shall be delivered within the respective Times hereinafter limited5 that is to fay, the Duplicates of the Duties of Affeffed Taxes on or before the Twentieth Day of September yearly,

aud

A.D. 1808

ft

480 GEO. in.

C. 141.

4*s

Cafes nor then determined to bn added to First AflaflineitU

Afleflinent under a Number to b« added to First Afleflinent, if not paid to Receiver, or into the Bank*

and the Duplicates of the Duties on Property* Profcflions, Trades* and Offices, on or before the Twentieth Jjay of December yearly, to which Duplicates respectively, Warrants shall be annexed for col-ledting the Duties therein contained within the Times refpediively before preferibed.

Eighth*—All fucb Affeflments which Audi not have been made on or before the Twentieth Day of September in refpe£fc of the Duties of AfTeffed Taxes, and the Twentieth Day of December in refpe£k of the Duties on Prosessions, Trades, and Offices, or against which any Appeal shall be depending on those Days respectively, shall, on the making or determining the fame from Time to Time be added to such First AffefTments and to the respective Duplicates thereof; and the Duties therein, or the Moieties thereof which ought to have been previously collected or paid, shall be collected, levied, or paid, on or before such Day or Days as the respective Commissioners shall order by their Warrant annexed to the Duplicates of such added Affeffmenta, such Day not being later than Twenty-one Days after the making such AfTeffment, or determining the Appeal thereon*

Ninth.—Whenever any AffefTment of the Duties on Profcflions or Trades fhaH be made within the Time herein limited, under a Number or Letter the fame shall be included in, or from Time to Time added to such First AffefTments, and the said Duties shall be paid either into the Bank of England, or to the Receiver-General or nis Deputy, in the like Proportions as aforesaid, on or before the Day or Days herein appointed for collecting such Duties by the re-fpective Colle&ors, and the said Commissioners shall direct and order the fame to be paid accordingly; and in default of such Payment the said respective Commissioners shall cause the said AffefTments to be added to the Duplicates in the Hands of the respective Colle&ors to whom the Colleaion of the Duties afTeffed on Perfons by Name shall have been entrusted to be collected, by the fame Ways and Methods, and under; the like Powers and Provisions, as such last mentioned Duties are directed to be collected.

No. IV. '

Rules and Directions for making and.colle&ing the Supplementary AffefTments in each Year.

Firft.—If any Infpc&or or Surveyor shall have surcharged any Time of makiig, Perfon or Perfons for any Matter or Thing for which a Surcharge is Surcharge*, allowed by the Adts relating to the said Duties respectively, it shall ✓be lawful for such Infpe&or and Surveyor to deliver his or their Certificates of Surcharge, explicitly stating the Particulars in respect * to which such Surcharge has been made to the respective Commissioners in respect of the Duties of AfTeffed Taxes, at any Time on or before the Fifteenth Day of December in each Year of AfTeffment for the whole of such Year, and in respect of the Duties on Property,

Prosessions, Trades, and Offices, at auy Time after the Time herein preferibed for making the first Affeflments of the said Duties for that /

Year, and from Time to Time until the Commissioners shall have completed all the. Affeflments of their Divifion for that Year, and shall nave delivered, in the Manner dimmed by the said A&s, the Dupli- . cates thereof, and the fame shall have been entered of Record in His Majefty’s Exchequer, which Certificates of Surcharge shall be figoed and allowed by Two of the rcfpe&ive Commissioners, under the 48 Geo. III.	H	h	Reftri&ions,.

4 66

Time of making Appeals from Surcharges.

Supplementary AflTriTments to Le made on the Surcharges oiler Appeals.

Surp’emcnttry AflVflmenca to be paid on the Uft InUalmcntof the1)uJ?cs on the I urft Aii'efliutnts.

Affrflnients not •otupUtcd within the Time limited, shall he <ollo<ftttl in oue Sum.

Penalty on vexatious Surcharges, *©ol. &c.

C. 14T.	48°	GEO.	III.	A	D.i8g8.

Reftridlions, and fubjpdl to Appeal under the Conditions prescribed by theiaid Adis respectively. '

Second.—All Appeal* against fucb Surcharges relating to the Duties of AffiiTed Taxes shall be heard awl determined by the Com-mifliooers of the Division, or any Two or more of them, betweco the Twentieth Day of January and the Twentieth Day of February following; and all Appeals again ft such Surcharges relating to lh? Duties on Property, Profclfioi.s, Trades, and Offices shall be beard and determined according to the Diredlions of this Adi before pre-feribed, in respect oT Appeals against the First AfleffiVients of tb: fame Duties by the respective Commissioners: Provided always, that in every Cafe where the Party surcharged shall have been prevented by Abfencc or Sicknefs, or other fufficient-Cause, to he proved b?-fore the respective Commissioners on the Oath or solemn Affirmation of the said Party, from appealing within the Time herein limited, or from attending in Perfon at the Time limited for hearing Appeals, it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners to enter such Appeal after the Time herein limited, or to postpone the hear-ingt hereof for such reafonabie Time as may be necessary.

Third.—The said Certificates of Surcharge, amended according to the Determination of the refpeciive Commissioners, shall be a fufficieU Authority to them, and they are hereby required to cause Supplementary AfTefTments to be made out of the said Duties refpedliveh , including therein all Matters so surcharged, as well such Matters as have not been appealed against, as the Matters determined by the said Commissioners, which Matters shall be fcvcpally charged To the said Duties refpedliyely, according to the said Certificates of Surcharge, amended, in Cafes requiring Amendment, according to the Determination of the said Commissioners, and also including therein the Double Duties or Moieties, or Parts thereof assessed, over and above the Rates of Duty preferibed by the said Adis respectively, and aho all Fines and Penalties imposed on any Perfon or rerfons by the said respective Commiffioners-within the Year of Afleflment for Offences committed against the said Adis or this Adi 5 which Double Dutks or Moieties, or Parts thereof, and Penalties, shall severally and re-ipeclively be added to such Supplementary Afleffments, and be collected therewith.

Fourth.—The Duties and Sums of Money contained in the Supplementary AfTefTments of pach Year, which shall be completed within the Time herein limited, shall, if not foonerpaid or satisfied according to the Diredlions of the said Adis respectively, be collected and levied at the reipedtive Times herein-before appointed for Payment of the last Inftalmer.t of the Duties contained in. the First Afleflmcnts of the said £)uties respectively for that Year; and each Affeffment thereof shall be collected, levied, or paid in One Sum.	'

Fifth.!-—In all Cafes where the said Duties, or any of them, shall not have been afeertained and assessed before the respective Days appointed by this Adi for payment for the last Inftalment thereof, the fame respectively shall imd maybe afTefled from Time to Time, until a complete Afleflment be made, and shall be collected, levied, or paid in oue Sum within Twenty-one Days after Notice of the Amount contained in the Afleflment thereof.	'	^

Sixth.—If any Infpcdor or Surveyor shall wilfully make any falft and vexatious Surcharge of any of the Duties contained in any of the

(aid

A*D#j 8oft«

4&& GEO. IIL	C.141.	4^7

faid A&s, or shall wilfully deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the respective Commissioners for executing the said ACU or any of them, any false and vexatious Certificate of Surcharge of any of the said Duties, every such Infpe&or or Surveyor shall be liable to forfeit to the "Party aggrieved any Sum not excedin£ One hundred Pounds, or Treble the Value of the Sum claimed by such Surcharge, over and above the Rate of Duty charged by the laid ACh refpeSively, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majelly's Courts of Record at IVeJlminJler,for Offences committed in England, and in the Court of Great Seflions for Offences com- „ mitted in Wales with full Cofts of Suit 5 and it shall be lawful for the Party aggrieved to sue either for the said Penalty of One hundred Pounds, or for the said Treble Value tinder th\s Aat his or her Election ; and it shall also be lawful for the Judge before whom such ‘Infpe&or or Surveyor shall have been convicted of such Offence in any such Suit, either for the said Penalty or Treble Value, or , any Part thereof, by Indorsement on the Poflea, or for the Court before whom such InfpeCtor or Surveyor shall be convicted, by Entry on the Record, to certify his or their Satisfa&ion with such Conviction ; and in every such Cafe the laid Certificate shall be an Authority to the Corumifiioncrs for the Affairs of Taxes, and they are hereby required to cause to be paid by the Receiver General of the County, Riding, or Divifion wherein such Conviction was had, out of any Monies of the said Duties respectively in his Hands, such reasonable Expences as the Plaintiff shall have incurred, over and above the Cofts of Suit as aforesaid, the Amount thereof being cer- _ tided by the proper Officer for taxing Cofts of. the Court in which such Suit shall be commeneed, to have been necessarily expended, aiid allowed by such Officer a3 between Attorney and Client $ and every such Infpe&or or Surveyor shall, after such Convi&ion, be dfeharged from his Employment.

No. V.

Rules and Directions for paying to the Receiver General, and accounting for the Duties received by the Colle&ors.

Firft:—The several Collectors shall pay to the Receiver* General Collectors fhtft or his Deputy, all Monies of the said respective Duties which the P®y the Duties said Collectors shall have received or levied, by virtue of any of the	next

ACts herein mentioned, on the refpeCtive Days herein appointed for ^coynt’twice Payment of the said Duties or any of them, next after their Receipt each Yaar. of the fame, and shall, twice in, each Year, account with such Receiver*General or his Deputy in the Manner herein-after mentioned, for all such Duties; that is to fay, for the Duties of Affeffed Taxes, the said Collectors shall pay or account for One entire Moiety there'of on the Day to be appointed next after the Tenth Day ot QBober, and the Remainder thereof on the Day to be appointed next after the Fifth Day of Abril in each Year; and for the Duties on Property, Profeffiofts, Trades, and Offices, the said Collectors Ihall pay or account for One entire Moiety • thereof on the Day to be appointed next after the Fifth Day of January in each Year, and the Remainder thereof on the Day to be appointed next after the Fifth Day of July following; on which lait mentioned Days appointed for Payment to the said Receiver General or his Deputy, of the said xefpe&ive Duties, videlicet, on the Day appointed next after the

Hh*	Fifth	»

46*

Receipt* (ball be given for each such Payment.

In Default of paying the full Amount, a 'Schedule of Arraus flail be gives.

Certificate of -

fuch Schedule shall be Ground efProcd*.

Schedule ApH remain with Commiflionert fora certain Tune, during which Com* . midinnen may levy Wamuta.

C» i^i*	48°	GEO*	in.	A*D«	i8o9f

Fifth Day of jifiril yearly, for the Payment of the lad Moiety of the Duties of AffefTed Taxes, and on the Day appointed next after the Fifth Day of July yearly, for Payment of the lad Moiety of the Duties on Property, Profeilions, Trades, and Offices, the full and entire Amount of Duties, Penalties, and Sums of Money contained in the said Supplementary Affcffments of the said respective Duties, shall also be paid to the Receiver General or his Deputy, or accounted for to him or them in the Manner herein-after directed; for which Payments, the said Receiver General or his Deputy shall give to such Collectors Receipts in Writing, distinguishing the Amounts received for the Duties on AffefTed Taxes from the Amount ^received for the Duties on Property, Prosessions, Trades, and Offices, and from all other Duties payable to His Majcdy, and for which Receipts no Stamp Duty shall be charged or chargeable, any Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding : Provided, that if any Collector or Collectors shall not at or before the respective Times hereinbefore limited, have received or levied the said respective Duties, or shall not then account to the Receiver General or his Deputy for the •fame, in the Proportions before directed, he or they shall deliver to the said Receiver General or his Deputy, at the respective Times appointed • for such Payments, or to the Commissioners of the Divi-fiou, within Three Days after the nefpe&ive Times aforesaid, a Schedule in Writing, signed by such Colle&or or Colle&ors, containing the Christian and Surname of each Defaulter, and the re-fpe&ive Sum8 then in Arrear from each such Defaulter, with an Affidavit fubferibed, to be made on the Oath or Affirmation of the said Colle&or or Collectors (which Oath or Affirmation may be taken before any One Commiffioner of the Divifion) that the several Sums contained in the said Schedule have been demanded from, and are due and wholly unpaid from the respective Perfons charged therewith, either to such Collector or Colle&ors, or to any other Perfon or Perfons for such Collector or Collectors, to the belt of his or their Knowledge and Belief.

Second.-—Every such Schedule, being certified under the Hand of i the Receiver General or his Deputy of the County or Divifion where | the said Arrears accrued to the Court of Exchequer at IVeJhninfier* shall be received and taken as fofficient Evidence oi a Debt due to His Majesty, and shall be a sufficient Authority to the Barons of the said Court, or any One of them, to cause Pnocefs to be issued against | such Defaulter named in the said Schedules, to levy the whole Sum | in Arrear and unpaid by such Defaulter; and the Sheriff pr other Officer to whom the said Procefs shall be dirc&ed, shall, without .Delay, cause the whole Sum in Arrtar to be levied by due Courfe of Law as a Debt to His Majesty on Record, with all Cofts and Ex-pences attending the fame, and shall pay thfc Monies so levied, after dedu&ing the (aid Cofts and Expences, to the said Receiver General or his Deputy, and shall make Return of the said Procefs to the said Court, according to the due Courfe thereof: Provided that every such Schedule shall remain with the .Commiffioners of the Divifion for the Space of Forty Days before the Certificate thereof shall be tranf-mitted to such Court, during which Period of Forty Days every such Colle&or shall give due Notice of such Schedule to the several Defaulters named therein, in such Manner as the said, respective Commissioners shall direct, on pain that every Collector neglecting so to do

48° GEO. III.	C.	141.	469,

lhall forfeit the like Penalty as is imposed on Collc&ors by the said federal A&s, or any of them, in other Cafes of Ncgle& of Duty} and it shall be lawful for every such Defaulter within the like Period to pay his or her Arrears to the said Colle&or or Colle&ors, whose Receipt shall be a sufficient Authority to the said Commiflioners to discharge the Arrears fp paid from the said Schedule; and it shall also be lawful for the said Commiflioners, if they shall fee Cause, to ilfue frelh Warrants to collect the said Arrears, or any of them, within the said Period of Forty Days, apd during that Period to use all or any the Means or Methods preferibed by the several A&s relating to the faidrefpe&ivc Duties, for the Recovery of the said Arrears, or direct the said - Arrears to be levied by the respective Collectors under their former Warrant, as (hajl be most expedient; and all Warrants to be issued for that Purpofe may be directed either to the said Collectors, or to the High Constable, Constables, or other, Peace Officers, within the Limits of their Division, or any one or more of them, or to any other Perfon or Perfons whom the said Commiflioners shall think proper, with Authority to levy by Diftref8 and Sale, in the Manner directed by the said A&s respectively, the Sums ia Arrear, together with all Cods and Ex-pences attending the said Procefs and the Execution thereof; and the Sums so levied, after deducing the said Coils and Expences, shall be paid to the Receiver General or his Deputy, at such Time and Place as the said Receiver General shall appoint, and shall be discharged from the said Schedule; and all High Con-Rabies, Con {tables, and other Peace Officers, within the said Division,

(hall ad in Obedience to the Dire&ions of the said Commiflioners,. and shall execute ail such Orders and Procefs as shall he to them or any of them directed, for the Recovery of the said Arrears: Provided also, that when the Commiflioners of the Divifion shall certify to the Commiflioners for the Affairs of Taxes any reasonable Caufe for Non-payment of, or for not proceeding to levy any Part of the	y

faid Arrears included in the said Schedule, and that they have good Reafon to believe the fame will be paid within a reasonable Time, , to be dated in such Certificate, it shall be lawful for the said Com- -miffioners of the Divifion to retain the said Schedule in their Hands, for such further Time as shall be necessary, and as shall be mentioned in their aforesaid Certificate.	'

Third.—tin default of such Schedule being delivered within the Id Default of Space of Three Days as aforesaid, either to the Receiver General or such Schedule, his Deputy, or to the said Commiflioners, it shall be lawful for the Recei*wG««l Receiver General, to whom the Payments of the said Duties shall not have been made in the Proportions herein preferibed, and at the Time* above mentioned, and he is hereby required to certify to the fsrid Court of Exchequer the Amount of the Duties remaining unpaid to the bed of his Knowledge and Belief, and the particular Ward,

Parifh, or Place^ and the Divifion where such Failure hath happened, together with the Names of the Colle&ors of the said Partfh, Ward* or Place; and such Certificate under the Hand of such Receiver General or his Deputy, shall be a sufficient Authority to the Barons of the said Court, or any one of them, to cause Procefs by way of Dtflringas to be issued out of such Court againd the said Colle&or or Colle&ors, upon which Writ of Dtfirtngat the Sheriff or other Officer so whom the said Procefs shall be directed, shall return such Iflues

Hh j	frpm

A.D. i8oS.

Suiveyor flail attend Receiver General at his Receipt.

Payment of Duties to ReceiverGeneral, where the Arrears have been levied.

Colleton advancing Duties empowered to levy the Sum paid.

Commencement of preceding Rules Dec. 41, ISOf.

No Lift of any Article forehanded thall be acquired, if proveci to he returned before the Date of the Notice.

C. 141.	48°	GEO.	III.

from Time to Time as such Court or* Baron shall order, until a Re-' turn of such Schedule and Arrears shall have been made to the said Court, and immediate Procefs shall thereupon issue for levying the (aid Arrears out of and under the Seal of such Court, which Levy shall not be remitted unless all the said Duties in Arrear shall be paid or satisfied before the Return of such Procefs.

Fourth.—On each Half-yearly Day of Payment, as herein is directed, the Surveyor of the Diftrid shall, on Notice thereof from the Receiver General or his Deputy, attend with such of the Duplicates of Affeffment as (hail have been delivered to him, and as shall be required hy the said Received General or his Deputy, and shall assist him or them in adjusting the Accounts of Payments and of Arrears, and'(hall also assist the Collectors in making out their Schedules of Arrears to the bed of his Judgment.

Fifth.—The Duties contained iu any Schedule of Arrears, as afore-said, which shall be paid to such Colledor or Colledors within the Period of Forty Days before-mentioned, or within such further Period as shall have been dated in the Certificate of the Commiflioners for the Retention of such Schedule as before mentioned, (hail he paid over to such Receiver General or his Deputy, at such Time and Place as the (aid Receiver General shall appoint.	«

Sixth.—Whenever any Colie dor or Colledors shall have advanced and paid to the Receiver General or his Deputy any Sum of Money . for or on account of the puties assessed on any other Pcrfon or Persons, whether at his or their Requefl or not, it shall be lawful for such Colledor or Collectors, in default of Repayment to him or them at any Time within the Space of Six Calender Months after such Payment, to levy the said Duties by the like Ways and Methods, as such Collector or Colledors might have levied the fame before such Payment thereof to such Receiver General or lus Deputy, and as if such Duties had not been paid or satisfied.

II.	And be it further enacted, That this Ad, as to all Matters contained in the Rules of the preceding Clause, shall commence and take Effed from and after the Thirty-firft Day of December One thousand eight hundred and eight, in respect of all Afleffments to be made for any Year after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nine.

III.	And be it further enacted, That in Cafes of Surcharge under the said Ads relating to the Duties of A defied Taxes, no Lift, Affidavit, or Oath ffiaU be required of any Article, Matter, or Thing which the Party surcharged shall prove to the Satisfaction of thC Commiflioners of Appeal to have been duly returned befpre the Date of the said Notice, in any Lift delivered by the said Party for the Year for ‘which such Surcharge rhail he made; and either the said Return, or a Certificate thereof, signed bv Two Commissioners of * the Divifion where the Return shall be made, shall be received con-clufively as Proof thereof; and the Return or Returns required by the said Ads shall be deemed full, perfect, and complete Returns, if the amended Return, together with the Return before made, shall include all Articles, Matters, and Things for which the Party so Surcharged shall he chargeable; and no Perfon shall be liable'to Surcharge ror any Article, Matter, or Thing before returned by him or her, according to the Directions of the (aid recited Ads or of this Ad,

?

IV. And

IV.	And be it further enacted, That when the Commiflloners of any Diviflon shall have fixed the Day or Days of Appeal again ft the Surcharges made by any Infpeftor or Surveyor, under the said Afts or any of them, and shall have caused due Notice thereof to be given, according to the Directions of the said Adts, and the said Infpeftor or Surveyor having like Notice thereof, shall wilfully neglect to attend the Meeting or Meetings of the said Commiflloners, held in pursuance of such Notices, whereby the Commiflloners shall be prevented in proceeding to hear such Appeals, it shall be lawful for the said Commiflloners to allo’w to each Appellant attending such Meeting, a reasonable Compensation for such Attendance, to be fettled by the said Commiflloners, and paid to such Appellants re-fpeftively by the Receiver General of the said Duties, or his Deputy, on the Produftion of the Certificates of any Two or more of thejaid Commiflloners, testifying such Allowance.

V.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for His Majessy, His Heirs and Succeflors, or the Lords Commiflloners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, now or for the Time being, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, from Time to Time to constitute and appoint, for England and Wales, such Perfon or Perfons, not exceeding Ten in Number at any one Time,, as His Majessy, liis Heirs and Succeflors, or the said Commiflloners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer. for the Time being, shall think proper to be Infpeftors General for the special Purpofjs of this Adi, hercin-after fpceified and declared; and to allow to. such Infpeftors General such reasonable Salaries, Charges, an^l Expences, as may be necessary for their Pains in executing $his Aft in the several Particular? herein-after mentioned; and no Perfon to be appointed Infpcftor General under this Aft shall be entitled to amend* any Afleflraent made under the said Afts, or to surcharge any Perfon or Perfon? in respect thereof; nor shall any such Perfon have or receive or claim any Advantage or Emolument from any AflefTmeut or Surcharge to be jnadc under any of the said Adis, nor any other Emolument thao the Salary and Allowance authorized by His Majessy, the Commif-(loners of the Treasury, $r the'High Treasurer as aforesaid.

The Powers to be veiled in the Infpeftors General.

Firft.—- It shall be lawful for such Infpeftors General to visit from Time to Time each Infpeftor and Surveyor acting in the Execution of the several Afts relating as well to the Duties of Aflefled Taxes a? the said Duties on Property, Prosessions, Trades, and Offices, within the Limits of the Circuit for which such Tnfpeftor General (haft be appointed, and to examine all or any of the Books and Afleflments, and Duplicates, or Certificates of Afleflraent or Surcharge in thp Hands or Power of such Infpeftor or Surveyor; and alio to enquire into the Conduft of every such Infpeftor and Surveyor in the Execution of their respective Offices, and into their Fitnefs and Capacity to execute the fame, and to report from Time to Time on the ieveial Matters aforesaid to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes ; and every such Infpeftor and Surveyor shall attend such Infpeftor General at such Time and at such Place, within the Diftrift of such In-, fpeftor and Surveyor, as. tbfe said Infpeftor General shall appoint, and shall have givep Three Days 'Notice of, to such Infpeftor or Surveyor.

H k 4	Second,

Penalty on

Infpeftor* and Surveyor* nrglefting to. attend Mealing* of ilieCon.^ miflioneis.

His Majesty or the Treasury may ap]X)int Ten Pcrlous to be Infpeftor* General, and allow them Silanes, &c.

Their Povci?.

To visit Infpeftor* and Surveyor*.

47*

To ftdminiiter an Oath to lufpe&ors and Surveyors.

InfpeAor General may

report to Commi!finr.ers •f Divifion. t

In certain Inftance*, a Cafe may be . tnmfmitted to Commifiioncn lor Taxes.

C.141,	48° GEO. III.	A-D*i8o8.

Second.—It shall be lawful for every such Infpedor General, to adminider to any such Infpedor or Surveyor, whenever he shall fee Occafion to examine him or them in any Matter touching the Execution of the said Ads, an Oath that he (hail true Anfwcr make to all such Quedions as shall be demanded of him ; and the Subdance of such Anfwer or Anfwers as such Infpedor or Surveyor shall give, shall in his Prefence be reduced into Writing, and read to him, with Liberty to alter or amend the fame in any Particular ; and he shall sign his AfTent to the fame in his own Name, and in his usual Manner pf Writing or (igning the fame.

Third.—It shall be lawful for every such Infpedor General as aforesaid, whenever he shall fee Occafion, to report to the Gommif-fioners of the Divifion on any Matter or Thing touching the Execution of the said Ads or this Ad in relation to any A^^inent or Affeffments in such Division, or touching the Conduit of any Clerk to such Commiifioners, or of any Affeuor or Collector appointed under the said Alts or this Alt, together with the Opinion of such Infpeltor General thereon ; and every such Jnfpeltor Genera! (haQ transmit a Duplicate of such lad-mentioned Reports, to the Commif-fipners for the Affairs of Taxes; and whenever any Infpeltor General shall have reported to the Commifiioners of any Division, any such Matter or Thing which, in the Opinion of such Infpeltor General, shall require the particular Confideration of the Commifiioners of such Division, it mall be lawful for them to hold a Meeting for that Purpose, and they are hereby required to hold such Meeting within a reasonable Time after such Report, at which Meeting, such Infpeltor General may attend for the Purpofe of explaining the Matter or Matters contained in the said Report, and of fuggeding for their Confideration the Propriety of adopting such Order or Orders as may be agreed upon by the major Part of the Commifiioners of such Pivifion who (halt be present at such Meeting.	*

Fourth.—If any Inlpedor General as aforesaid, or any Commifiione? for the Division, who shall have been present at any Meeting of Commifiioners at which the Report of such Infpeltor General shall have been taken into Confideration as aforesaid, shall apprehend the Determination made by the Commifiioners at such Meeting on the (aid Report, or any of the Matters therein contained, to be contrary to . the true Intent and Meaning of the said Alts relating to the feud * Duties refpellively, or any of the said Ads, it shall he lawful to and for such Infpeltor General, and to and for any One or more of the Commifiioners for the Division, present at the Time of such Determination refpeltively, to require a Cafe to be prepared, and signed by the said Commifiioners for the Divifion ; in which Cafe the said Commifiioners shall date specially the Part or Parts of the Report of the said Infpeltor General, and the Fads on which the Quedion arose, together with their Determination thereupon, and any other Circum-dances influencing the said Commifiioners in such their Determination, and which Cafe the said Commifiioners, or the major Part of them then present, arc hereby required to date and sign accordingly, and to cause the fame to be transmitted to the Commiifioners for the Affairs of Taxes, who diall forthwith submit the fame to the Judges of the Courts of Record at Westminster; and such Judges, or any Two or more of them, are hereby required, with all convenient Spee^, to return an Anfwer to such Calc fp tranfenitted, with their Opinion

thereoa

A«Di 18081

4S° GSO. Ill



C. 141.

47J

thereon subscribed thereto, and what ought under all Circumftanccs to he done therein, according to which Opinion and Direftions so certified, the Determination of the Commifiioners which shall have been so objected to, and which shall be stated in such Cafe, shall be confirmed, reversed, altered, or amended, a* the Cafe may require, and if any Afieflments shall be depending on filch Determination of the said Commiiiioners,.the fame shall also be altered or confirmed according to the said Opinion.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the Provifions of this Aft hercin-before contained shall be construed to Scotland.

' extend to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

VIL And be it further enacted, That in estimating and affefling Annual Lands held for a longer Period than Seven Years by any Tenant or Tenantries Tenants under a Demife from Year to Year, or at Will, to the bftiw*

Duties granted by the said laft-mentioned Afts on the Profits of !|“JJ f™*** VPW* Property, Prosessions, Trades, and Offices, the fame shall be estimated theTax^n and afiefTed throughout Great Britain1 at the annual Value thereof. Property by the unlefsthe Tenant or Tenants shall shew and prove to the Satisfaftion Value, of the Commifiioners of the Divifion acting in Execution of the said last mentioned Afts, that the fame Lands are held under a Demife which commenced by Agreement made, and a Rent fixed, within the Period of Seven Years, on the Determination of the former Demife 9 thereof by due Notice within the said Period.

VIII.	* And whereas Doubts have arisen under the said last meo*>

* tioned Aft as to the Manner of estimating and charging the Duty 4 on the Profits arising from Lands occupied as Gardens or Nurseries,

4 or for the Growth of PJops ;9 be it further enacted and declared,

That the Profits arising from such Lands (hail be estimated through-	0f

out Great Britain, according to the Rules contained in Schedule (D.) charts Norfeiy of the said Aft, and the- Duty shall be charged at the Rate contained Gardens and in the said Schedule ; and that when the said Duty shall have been so Hop Grounds, ^feertained, the fame shall be charged with the Duties in Schedule (B.) as Profits arising from the Occupation of Lands.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That whenever the Produce of or Foreign Profits the Profits or Gains arising from Foreign PofL'flions or Foreign Se- win-re to be curities, or from Pofiefiions or Securities in any of His Majefty's assessed. Dominions out of Great Britain, shall have been partly imported, into

the Port of London and partly into any of the Out-ports of £ri/lol9 •

Liverpool, or Glasgow, mentioned in the said laft-mentioned Aft, or shall have been received by any Perfon or Perfons partly in the City of London and partly in any of the said Out-ports within the Period of making up the Account on which the Duty is chargeable by the said laft-mentioned Aft, according to the Rules therein contained, the Whole of the Duty chargeable under the said Aft in respect of such Produce, or such Profits or Gains so imported or received, shall be afiefTed and charged fry the Commifiioners acting for the'faid City of London, and not elsewhere, and as if the Whole of the said Produce, or the said Profits or Gains arising within the said Period, had. been imported into or received in London; and whenever such Produce, or such Profits or Gains arising as aforesaid, shall have been . within such Period wholly imported into or received at the Outports of BrijlolLiverpool, or Glafgov), and different Parts thereof, shall frave been imported into or received at Two or more of such Out-

poru.

474 G.	48° GEO. III.	A.D.i8q3*

ports, the Duty chargeable thereon shall be aflefTed and charged at on« of such Places only, and in one Account, and at such of die laid Place* *	.	at which the major Part in Value of such Produce, or Profits, or

Gains, shall have been so imported or received ; provided that the . Statements of such Produce, Profits, or Gains, shall be delivered to the Commiflioners aciing for each Place at which any Part of the laid Produce, or Profits, or Gains, shall have been so imported or received, and transmitted by the respective Commifixoners to the Office for Taxes v in Scmcrfet House; and the Commissioners there shall cause all such Statements to lie, sent to the Commiflioners acting for the. Place „	where the Duty thereon shall appear, by such Statements, to be

chargeable according to this Ad, who shall accordingly assess the fame in one Sum.

IVofiti tridn^ X. And be it further enabled, That the Profits arising from the limn the London Docks called The London Docks aftd IVtJl India Docks respectively, Dwksana \\eft situate in tir. County of Middlefc:c, shall be assessed by the Commif-Wnflefi^dLy-the fioners acting so. die City of London, under the said Ad for granting Commiffioim Duties arifing

fl'ul’I t»lL Profits of Property, Prosessions, Trades, and £» London. Offices, so long as the general Accounts of the said respective Dock* shall be made up within the {aid City.

The Profits of . XI. And be it further enacted, That where the principal Officer* CorprmueOfficCT* under any Corporation shall not have appointed pommiffioners for ftaQ be afiefftd aflefling the Officers of such Corporation, and returned the fame‘to the Ddlria the Office' for. Taxes for the several Years elapsed during the Con-wh^Tno> ler** tinuance of the said laft-mentioned Ad, prior to the Sixth Day of 'Appointment of Jkpril One thousand eight hundred and eight, or where such Com* Comm ifioners miflioners may have been appointed, but shall not have acted in the has been made. Execution of the said Ad before the Sixth Day of April One ^lc	thoufand eight hundred and eight, then and in every such Cafe, the

fcttvTnot adied. ^ut^es chargeable under the laid Ad, in respect of any Office or Offices held u:*dcr such Corporation within Great Britain shall, during ' the Continuance of the said Ad, be assessed and charged by the Commiflioners acting for the Diyifion where the said Office* shall be excrcifcd, and not in the Department of Office ; and no Appointment of	Commiflioners in such Department, made or to be made,

fhall be	valid as to any Afleffment to be made after the said Fifth

Day of	jlpril One thousand eight hundred and eight, for any Year

iince the puffing of the said Ad.

Ccrfu'm Plao«	XII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the feveral

ftmll be aflefled	Parifhes	and Places, or Parts of Parifhec or Places, fet down in the

according to Firfl Column of the following Schedule, and which have been here-Schedute	to fore charged to the said respective Duties or either of them, in the

u *	refpedive Divifions mentioned in the Second Column of the faid

Schedule, and fet opposite thereto respectively, shall, from and after the palling of this Ad, be charged to the said respective Duties in the Divisions, and shall be fubjecx to the Jurifdidion of the Commit fioners, and Perfons acting under them, and to the Infpedqrs and Surveyors of the Divifion mentioned in the Third Column of the said Schedule, and fet opposite tJwrcto respectively.

SCHE.

♦7S

AtD» z8pS«	48°	GEO.	IIL	C.i4i|i4i*

SCHEDULE referred to by the above Gaufe.

Defeription of Parities or Plate*.

Part of the Parilh ofl Wokington, htuate f in the Counties of f Berks and Wilts J

Part of the Parilh and Y Town of Morpeth, ( in the County of ( Northumberland )

Part of the Parilh of' Gillingham, in the County of Kent, called The Grange, Parcel of the Liberty of Hailings, in the County of Suifex

Bulhton, Part of the j Parilh of Cleeve Py- f hard in the County [ of Wilts - j

Little Hinton in thel County of Wilts. J

Wroughtoa in the 1 County of Wilts * J

Heretofore charged in.

Hundred of Amef-bury, Wiltlhire.

CaMeward,

Northumberland.

Hereafter to 1* charged in*1

Hundred of Sonning, Berklhire.

Morpdth Ward, Not thumberland.

Town aud Port ofRochefter Divilion,

Hastings, County .of Sussex, and Liberty thereof.

Hundred of Elftub and Everley, Wiltlhire.

The fame. The fame.

Part of the Lathe of Ford, County of Kent.

Hundred of Kingf-bridge, Wiltlhire.

The fame. The fame.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Exception*, in this Adi shall be conilrucd to extend to any of the Cafes hereinafter specified; (that is to fay)

Firlt.—To_the Duties granted by an Aft, passed in the Thirty- Land Tax, * eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, by Way of a as G*0m t# Land-Tax.

Second.—To the Duties granted, or to be granted, by any Aft or Petitions, c. Afts of'Parliament for One Year, for the Service of such Year.

* Aft may be altered this Scflion. § 14. Commencement of the Aft*

•« where other Provifion is not made, 5th April 1808. § 15.”

CAP. CXLII.

An Aft for enabling the Cpmmiffioners for the Reduftlon of the National Debt, to grant. Life Annuities. .[2d July 1808.]

« TT7HEREAS by several Afts passed in the Reign of His present * W v Majesty, vide Hat, an Aft passed in the Twenty-fixth Year f of His Majesty, intituled, An AS for voting certain Sums in Com-

4 mtfjionejrs

atKi.3. c. 31.

47<*

C. 142,

A.D.1808.

»aG. 3. c. 55.

42G.3. e.71.

Commiflkmert for Uedu&ion of National Debt empowered to accept Transfers for the Purchafe of Life Annuities.

Allowing the Nomination of Lives.

48* GEO. III.

*	mtjjtoncrs at tie End of every Quarter of a Tear* to be by them applied 4 to the Reduftion of tip National Debt; an Aft palled in the Thirty-4 second Year of His Majesty, intituled. An A3 to render more effectual 4 an A3 made in the Twenty Jixth Tear of Hisprefent Majejty's Reign*

4 intituled, 4 An A3 for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners at the 4 End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduftion 4 of the National Debt ;* and to dire3 the Application of an additional 4 Sum to the Reduftion of the said Debt, in cafe of future Loans ; and

•	an Aft paiFed in the Forty.fecond Year of His Majesty, intituled,

4 An A3 to amend and render more effectual Two Ads passed in the 4 Twenty Jixth and Thirty second Tears of the Reign of His prfent Ma-4 jefty* for the ReduSion of the National Debt; certain Provisions were 4 made for the Eftabliftunent and Regulation of the Funds therein 4 created or directed to be created for tne Redemption of the National 4 Debt commonly called The Minting Fund: And whereas it would 4 tend to a more ipeedy and efficient Reduftion of the National Debt,

4 if the Commissioners for the Reduftion of the said Debt were enabled,

4 under certain Limitations and Reftnftions, to grant Life Annuities,

4 charged upon and payable out of the Funds created as a/orefaid for 4 the Redemption of the National Debt, in consideration of the 4 Transfer to them of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or 4 Reduced Bank Annuities; and it is therefore expedient that the 4 Provifions of the said recited Afts, relating to the Redemption of tire 4 National Debt, should be varied and amended in so far as may be 4 neceifary for carrying the said Meafure into effect, and as herein-after 4 expressed ;* Be it therefore enacted by the King>a most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,' and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That notwithftanding^ any Thing in the laid recited Afts, or any of them, contained to the contrary thereof, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt, at any Time from and after the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and eight, to accept and receive from any Perfon or Penons whomsoever, the Transfer of any Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, as the Coniideration for the Purchafe of Life Annuities, to be charged Upon and payable out of the Funds created as aforesaid, for the Redemption of the National Debt, commonly called The Sinking Fund* either on the Continuance of (ingle Lives, or on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, in the Manner and under the Limitations, Reftriftions, and Regulations herein-after expreiTed; Provided always, that if it shall appear to the said Commissioners that such Transfers cannot conveniently be received until after some Day subsequent to the said First Day of Augujl, it shall be lawful for them to appoint some other Day after the said First Day of Augujl, and prior to the Tenth Day of Oftober One thousand eight hundred and eighty giving Notice in the London Gazette of the Day so appointed by tnem, after which such Transfers may be received.

II.	And be it further enacted. That all and every Perfoiw or Perfon who shall be desirous of purchasing under the Provifions of this Aft, a Life Annuity on the Continuance of a single Life, shall be at Liberty to name any Perfon to be the Nominee, on the Con. tiauance of whose Life the (aid Annuity is to depenft; and all and

every

477

4S0 GEO. III.	C.143.

every Perfons or Perfon who shall be defiroits of purchasing a Life Annuity on the Continuance of the Lives of Two Perfons9 and of the Life of the longer Liver of them, shall be at Liberty to name any Two Perfons to .be the Nominees, on the Continuance of whose. Lives and of the Life of the longer Liver of them, the said Annuity # is to depend: Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall' be construed to prevent Perfons purchasing Life Annuities under this* A£l, from nsgning themselves respectively to be the Perfons on the Continuance of whose Lives fuen Life Annuities respectively are to depend.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to name any Perfon to be a Nominee, either for an Annuity on the Continuance of a (ingle Life, or for an Annuity on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, who shall be under the Age of Thirty-five Years at the Time of such Nomination: Provided also, that no Perfon who shall not be a Native of, and resident in, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, shall be capable of being the Nominee in respect of any Life Annuity which (hau be purchased by or on the Behalf of any other Perfon or Perfons.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That before any fucii Bank Annuities shall be permitted to be transferred to the said Commifiioocrs for the Rcdu&ion of the National Debt, for the Purchafe of any Life Annuity under the Provifions of this Adi, a Declaration in the Form specified in the Schedule to this A& annexed marked (A.) shall be signed by the Perfon or One of the Perfons desirous of purchasing such Annuity, or by foine Perfon on his, her, or their Behalf, and be delivered to the Officer to be appointed for that Purpofe by the said Commissioners; and in cafe the Nomiuee or Nominees on whose Life or Lives such Annuity is intended to be purchased, shall have been born in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, there shall «dfo be produced to the said Officer a true Copy of the Regiiler of the Birth or Baptifm of such Nominee (or of each of such Nominees in cafe there shall be Two) and also a Certificate of the fame under the Hand of the Minifter of the Pariih or Place where such Regiiler shall be kept, or in the Abfence of the Miniiler then a Certificate (wherein such Abfence shall be fpecified) under the Hands of the Churchwardens and Overfecrs of iuch Pariffi or Place, or any Two of them, to be attested in both Cafes by Two or more credible Wit-neifes, certifying that such Copy of the Regifter is a true Copy 5 to

. which Certificate shall also be annexed an Affidavit of the (aid Wit-neffes who atteiled the Execution thereof, or One of them, or their, his, or her solemn Affirmation (in cafe they or either of them shall be of the Perfuafiou called Quakers) to be made before any Juiliccofthe Peace or Magiilrate of the County, City, Riding, Town, or Place wherein the Place of the Birth or Baptifm of any such Nominee shall be situate, if iu England or Scotland, or if in Ireland, then before One of the Barons of the Exchequer there, that such Witnefs or Witne(fes did examine and compare the said Copy of the Regiiler of Birth or Baptifm with the Regiiler thereof, and did fee such Miniiler, or Churchwardens and Overfeers (as the Cafe may be) sign the said Certificate, and that the Names pf such Witneffes are of their own proper Hand Writing j and to the said Certificate shall also be annexed ■ au Affidavit or solemn Affirmation made by the Purchafer of the faid

Annuity

Ace of NouUums.

Their Refidenae.

TVrvioofly to TmnalVr, Parties shall make Declaration i« Form.

Schedule (A), a\i«i jmxJuce Certificates of Age of

.Nominees, &c. to au Officer appointed for tli&t Purpofe*

Affidavit of

ldtiiuty.

A.D.i8o£.

47*

C.142.

48° GEO. Jir.

Ifken Certificates cannot 1 e produced, Proof may be admitted by Affidavits.

Average Frires of Stock* shall be dfily made out and transmitted to the Officer of the Company.

Annuity (or t>y One of the Purchasers in cafe there shall be Two or more) or by fame Perfon on his, her, or their Behalf, before any Juflice of the Peace or Magistrate, if in England or Scotland, or if in Ireland then before any One of the Barons of the Exchequer there, that the Perfon named and deferibed in the Copy or Certificate of the Regifter of Birth or Baptifm produced to the said Officer, is the* fame Perfon who is appointed to he such Nominee: Provided always, that in all Cafes where the Copy or Certificate so produced, shall purport to be a Copy or Certificate of the Regifler of the Baptifm only, aud not of the Birth of the Nominee, the Age of such Nominee shall, for the Purpofes of this Adi, be calculated from the Date of such Baptifm, and the Amount of the Annuity to be purchased on his or her Life shall be estimated and afcertaijied in like Manner, in all Refpedls, as if such Nominee had been born on the Day exprefied in the said Copy or Certificate to be the Day of his or her Baptifm.

V.	Provided also, and be it further enabled, That in cafe'any Nominee (being also the Perfon by* whom or on whose Behalf an Annuity shall be purchafed) shall not be a Native of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in cafe the Birth or Baptifm of any Nominee (being a Native of the United Kingdom) shall not appear in the Regifter of the Parifli where finch Nominee shall have been born or baptised, then and in every fiuch Cafe there shall be produced to

' the said Officer (in lieu of such Certificates and Affidavit? asaforefaid) an Affidavit or solemn Affirmation in Writing of the Age of fuen Nominee, together With his or her Name, Surname, Addition, and Employment, or Occupation (if any) and Place of Abode ; and also the Place of his or her Birth, and the Names of his or her Parents, or reputed Parents, and also that* the Perfon named and deferibed in such Affidavit is the fame Perfon who is appointed to be fuph Nominee, which Affidavit or solemn Affirmation shall be made by such Nominee, or by the Perfon or by one of the Pcrfons by whom or on whose Behalf such Annuity shall be purchased, or by some other Pcr-(bn having Knowledge of the several Circumftances before-mentioned, in which latter Cafe the said Affidavit shall also be accompanied by an Affidavit, to be made by the Perfon or one of.the Perfons by whom or on whose Behalf such Annuity shall be purchased, that the Contents of such laft-mentioned Affidavit are, to the bell of his or her Knowledge and Belief true; which said Affidavits respectively shall be taken before One or more of the Judges of any of His MaT jelly’s Courts of Record at IVeJlminJler, if in England; or if in Scotland or Ireland, then before One or more of the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland or Ireland respectively; and' if such Nominee shall be a Native of Gnat Britain or Ireland, then in such Affidavit shall klfo be stated the Caufe why a Certificate of the Copy of the Regifter of liis or her Birth1 or Baptifm cannot be produced. \

VI.	* And, for afeertaiuing the average Price of Bank Annuities 4 according to which the Amount of Life Annuities purchased under 4 the Provifions of this Adi is to be regulatedbe it further ena&et^ That the.Cafhier or Ca/hiers of the Governor and Company of the. Bank of England shall and they are hereby required, on every Day on which any Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall have been bought at the Bank of England, to cause an Account to be made-out of the average Price at which Three Poundsjter Centum Confolidated and Three Pounds per Centum

Reduced

48® GEO. III.	C.143.	479

Reduced Bank Annuities refpettively shall have been bought on such Day (or in cafe only One of such Stocks shall have been bought, then the average Price of such of the said Stocks as shall have .been bought on that Day) which Account shall be transmitted to the Officer to be appointed as aforesaid, for the Purpofe of enabling him to afeer-tain and certify in the Marnier herein-after directed, the respective Amounts of the Life Annuities which may be purchased under the Provifions of this Act, and shall be put up in some conspicuous Place of his Office, in order that the fame may be seen by all Perfons de-firous of ascertaining the Price at which Stock may be transferred for the Purchafe of Life Annuities.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe it shall appear to On producing the said Officer, that the Certificates and Affidavits so produced to requifue Crrufi-

. him as aforesaid are conformable to the Dire&ions of thii Ad, he cate of Officer, shall, thereupon a (certain the Amount of the Life Annuity to be pay-ablq in re£pe& of the Bank Annuities proposed to be transferred for tnJ the the Purchafe thereof and grant his Certificate in the Form expressed receive in the Schedule to this A£t annexed marked (B.), and shall transmit At quittance, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England a Duplicate See Schedule of such Certificate; and upon the Produ&ion and Delivery at the Bank of England of the said Certificate granted to the Party by the said Offi cer, and upon the Transfer to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, of the Bank Annuities to be tranf-ferred as the Consideration for the Purchafe of the Life Annuity, the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, or the Perfon producing the said Certificate on Kis, her, or their Behalf, shall be entitled to have a Certificate or Receipt from one of the Cafhiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England acknowledging such Transfer, which Certificate or Receipt one of such Caftiiers is hereby required to give in the Form prefenbed in the Schedule to this Ad annexed marked (C.), and which shall be an Acquittance or Difcharge for the Stock so transferred : Provided always, that no Certificate granted by the said Officer, shall be valid andeffij&ual to enable the Transfer of any Bank Annuities under the Provifions of this Ad, after the Expiration of Five Days from the Date of such Certificate.

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That in every Cafe where any Purvhiifenof such Bank Annuities shall be transferred as the Consideration for the Life Aunumr# Purchafe of an Annuity on the Continuance of a iingle Life, the on Perfon or Perfons purchasing such Life Annuity shall, on the Transfer

of the said Bank Annuities to the said Commissioners, be entitled, according to the Age of his, her, or their Nominee, and the average Schedule (D.) Price (to be afeertained as herein-before is dire&ed) of such Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities (if the Transfer shall be made in that Stock, or if the Transfer (kali be njade in Three Ponnds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, then according to the average Price of that' Stock) on the Day next preceding the Day of the Date of the Certificate to be granted by such Officer as aforesaid (in cafe there shall have been any Sale or Purchafe at the Bank of England of Stock of the like Dcfcription as that transferred for the Purchafe of the Annuity on such next preceding Day, or otherwise on the neared preceding Day bn which there shall have, been any Sale or Purchafe at the Bank of England of Stock of the like De-	*

feription) to receive, during the Continuance of the Life of such Nominee (whether the.Perfon or one o£ the Perfons purchasing fuch

Annuity

48a

A.D. 180&.

ftareWrTJof Life Annuities ma the Con-fmuanct of Two Limes shall be entitled to die Annuities faceted in

Sclrtjtiule (E.)

Annuities shall be accepted in the Bank Booka.

Preventing

Frat&ions,

Annuitants may tnake further Purchafes on Lives of original Nominees, without freih Certificates.

C. 142*	48* GEO. in.

Annuity (Kali be the Nominee or not) for every One hundred Pounds of such Bank Annuities, and so in proportion for any greater Sum than One hundred Pounds transferred to the (aid Comxmffioners, a Life Annuity of such annual Amount as is specified in the Table in the Schedule to this A& annexed marked (D.)

IX.	And be if further enacted, That in every Cafe where any such Bank Annuities shall be transferred as the Confideration for the Pur-chafe of an Annuity on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, the Perfon or Perfons purcliafing such Life Annuity, shall, on the Transfer of the said Bank Annuities to the said Commissioners, be entitled, according to the Ages of his, her, or their respective Nominees, and the average Price (to be afeertained as herein-before is dire&ed) of such Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities (if the Transfer shall be made in that Stock, or if the Trausfer shall be made in Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, then according to the average Price of that Stock) on the Day next preceding the Day of the Date of the Certificate to be granted by such Officer as aforesaid (in cafe there shall have been any Sale or Purcbafe at the Bank of England of Stock of the like Description as that transferred for the Purchafe of the Annuity on such next preceding Day, orotherwife on the neared preceding Day on which there shall have been any Sale or Purchafe at the Bank of England of Stock of the like Defcription) to receive during the Continuance of the Lives ot such Tyro Nominees, and of the Life of the longer Liver pf them, (whether the Perfons pr Perfon, or one of the Perfons purcliafing such Annuity, shall be the (Nominees or one of the Nominees or not) for every One hundred Pounds of such Bank Annuities, and so in proportion for any greater Sum than One hundred Pounds transferred to the said Comniiiuoners, a Life Annuity of such annual Amount as is specified in the Tables in the Schedule to this A& annexed marked (E.)

X.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Life Annuity so purchased as aforesaid, shall be accepted at the Bank of England by the Perfon or Perfons purcliafing the fame, or by fomc other Perfon or Perfons duly authorized on his, her, dr their Behalf, before he, (he, or they shall be entitled to receive the fame.

XI.	Provided .also, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be

lawful for any* Perfon or Perfons to transfer for the Purchafe of a Life Annuity any less Sum than One hundred Pounds, nor any'fra&ional Part lets than One Pound of such Bank Annuities: Provided also, that in every Cafe where the Calculation of the Amount of any Life Annuity, according to the ProvilPns of this A&, shall produce a Fra&ion less than Sixpence, the fra&ional Part of the said Annuity less than Sixpence shall be taken from the Amount thereof, and shall not be inserted in the Certificate to be granted by the said Officer, or be payable at ;tbe Bank of England.	.

XII.	Provided also, and be it further cuacted, That whenever any Perfon or Perfons who shall have purchased an Annuity for the Life or Lives of any Nominee or Nominees, shall be afterwards desirous of purchasing any further Annuity or Annuities on the Life or Lives of the fame Nomineee or Nominees, the original Certificates and Affidavits produced at the Time of the Purchafe of the first Annuity, shall be deemed sufficient to authorize the Officer to be appointed as aforesaid, and he is hereby required from Time to Time to grant to



48* GEO. III.

C. 14a* V

4**

the Perfon or P^oos applying to hhn in this Beludf such Certificate* as by this A6t are dittoed* for the Purpofe of enahiiiigfcch-Perfon or Pcrfons to transfer any Bank Annuities for the Purdiaie of Aieii further Life Annuity or Annuities* without his* her, or their being required to produce any firefii Certificates or Affidavits in regard to the Birth or Baptifm* or other Particulars afbrefeid* respecting such Nominee or Nominees5 and the Certificates so to be granted by the said Officer* shall be valid and effectual to enable such Perfon or Perfons to transfer any Bank Annuities for the Purchafe of such further Life Annuity or Annuities* and to entitle him* her* or them to such Certificates and Receipts from the Cafhier of the Bank of England in like Manner ^s if the fame had been granted upon the Production of the original Certificates and Affidavits.

XIII.	Provided also, and be it further enafked* That the total Amount of any Annuity or Annuities to be granted upon the Continuance of the Life of anyone Nominee* whether such Nominee shall have any beneficial Intereft therein or not* shall in no Cafe (except as herein-after excepted) exceed the annual Sum of One thousand Pounds* and that the total Amount of any Annuity or Annuities to be granted upon the Continuance of the Lives of a^ny Two Nominees* ana of the Life of the longer Liver of them* shall in no Cafe* except as aforefaid* exceed the annual Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds: Provided neverthelefs* that if any such Annuity or Annuities shall have been purchased in the Name or Names of any Perfon or Perfons who shall have no beneficial Intereft* present, future, or contingent* direct or indirect therein* and any such Perfon or Perfons shall thereafter become desirous of purchasing any Annuity or Annuities b&nd Jide for his, her* or their own Ufe and Benefit* and for his* her* or their own Lives refpeftively* it shall be lawful for such. Perfon or Perfons to prove the aforesaid Circumftances by good and legal Proof upon Affidavit* Affirmation* or otherwife* before any such Magiftrate or Juftice of the Peace as aforefaid* and such Affidavit or. Affirmation duly certified by such Magiftrate or Juftice, shall be produced to the Officer appointed as aforefaid* and he shall thereupon proceed to grant his Certificate* and such Perfon or Perfons shall be entitled to purchase any Annuity or Annuities* not exceeding the Sums aforesaid, in each Cafe respectively over and above* and notwithstanding any such former Annuity or Annuities before purchased in the Name or Names of such Perfon or Perfons.

XIV.	And be it further enafted* That such Perfon or Perfons as is or are* or shall from Time to Time be' nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners to accept Transfers of Stock made to them under the Provifions of the said recited A£ts* or any of them* is and are hereby authorized and enabled to accept the Transfer of any Bank Annuities which shall be transferred to the said Commiffioners* for the

. Purchafe of Life Annuities Under the Provifions of this A61; and that the Dividends payable from Time to Time in refpeffc of the Bank Annuities which shall be so transferred* shall be received by the Governor and Cpmpany of the Bank of England* and be placed to the Account of the said Commiffioners* and shall constitute Part of the Funds which shall from Time to Time be applicable by the said Commissioners to the Reduftion of the National Debt* by‘virtue of the said recited Aft of the Forty-fecond Year of His present Majefty** Reign $ and the Life Annuities so purchafed* shall be charged and chargeable upon the laid Funds, and shall be paid and payable at the 48Geo.ni.	Ii	Bank

Annuities on the Life of One Nominee Audi not exceed 1000I. nor for Two Nominees I500i.

appointed by the ' Comrorffionqs may accept Stock ; and the Dividend* shall, be received at the Bank* and: constitute Part, of the Sinking Fond.

A.D. i8o8<

4*1	C.	142.	48°	GEO.	in.

Annuities shall be payable

Hilf«|feiily tt

the Bank, u Divt'ieuds are.

Crrtificatrs of Life of Nominees shall be |>r(xiurcd at the Bank from Time to Time before rec eiving

Aouuky.

Bank bf England, in the Manner hmin-after expressed 9 and it shall be lawful' for the said Governor and Company, out of any Sums whatever, which shall have been paid to tnem, or carried in their Books to the Account of the said Commiflioners, to fet apart and retain from Time to Time so much thereof as may be necessary for paying the Life Annuities which shall from Time to Time be chargeable on the said Funds.	'

XV.	And be it further enabled, That all Life Annuities purchased under this A&, shall be payable Half-yearly at the Bank of England, on such of the usual Half-yearly Days of Payment of Dividends, according to the respective Periods within which any Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities may be transferred for the Purchafe of any such Life Annuities as herein-after is exprefied; that is to fay. In all Cafes where any such Bank Annuities, whether Confolidated or Reduced, shall be transferred upon or after the Fifth Day of January and before the Fifth Day of Aprils or upon or after the Fifth Day of July, and before the Tenth Day of 0Sober* then the Half-yearly Payments of the Annuities purchased by the Transfer thereof, shall be made on the Fifth Day of July and the Fifth Day pf January in every Year;.and the First Half-yearly Payment of every such Annuity, shall be payable on such 01 the said Days as shall next succeed the Day of the Transfer of the said Bank Annuities; and in all Cafes where any such Bank Annuities, whether Confolidated or Reduced, shall be transferred upon or after the Fifth Day of April and before the Fifth Day of July, or upon or after the Tenth Day of OSober and before tne Fifth Day of January, then the Half-yearly Payments of the Annuities purchased by the Transfer thereof, shall be made on the Fifth Day of April and the Tenth* Day of October in every Year; and the First Half-yearly Payment of every such Annuity shall be payable on such of the said Days as shall next succeed the Day of the Transfer of the said Bank Annuities $ and upon the Death of any (ingle Nominee, or of the Survivor of any Two joint Nominees, a Sum ecjual to One-fourth Part of the Annuity depending upon his or her Life, (over and above all Arrears thereof respectively,) shall be payable to the Perfon or Perfons entitled to the said Annuity, or to nis or her Executors, Adminiftrators, or Ailigns (as the Cafe may be) on the Half-yearly Day of Payment next succeeding the Death of such Nominee; provided such laft-mentxoned Payment shall be claimed within Two Years after the Death of such single or surviving Nominee, but not otherwise.

XVI.	‘ And, for preventing Frauds in the Receipt of Life An-4 nuities,* be it further enacted, That before any Half-yearly Payment of an Annuity shall be receivable at the Bank of England as herein is directed, a Certificate shall be produced to the Officer to be appointed as aforesaid, under the Hand of the Minifter, or in hisAbfence, rhen a Certificate (wherein such Abfence shall be fpecified) under the Hatads of the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Parifh or Place whereiu the Nominee on whose Life* the Annuity shall then depend, is reiident, or of any Two of them, or a Certificate under the Hand of some Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate of the County, Riding, City, or Town wherein such Parifh or Place shall be iituate, that such Nominee was living upon a Day to be specified in such Certificate (which Day must be one of the Days on which a Half-yearly Payment of such Annuity shall have become due, or some Day luhfequent thereto^: Provided always, that in cafe any Nominee shall at any

r	Time

.AJD. 1808.

48* GEO. IQ.

C. 149.

483

•Time after his or her Nomination become resident in Parts beyond the Seas in any of the Dominions of His Majesty, then a Certificate ihaU be produced to the said Officer, under the Hand of the Governor or Perfon acting as Governor of the Settlement where such Nominee ihall be resident, that he or (he was living on a Day to be specified in such Certificate (which Day must be one of the Days on which a Half-yearly Payment of such Annuity shall have become due, or on (bme Day subsequent thereto) ; and in cafe any Nominee shall after his or her Nomination become resident in any Kingdom or State in Europe, in Amity with His Majesty, then a Certificate shall in like Manner be produced under the Hand of the Brittjb Minifter or Conful resident in the Kingdom or State where such Nominee shall be livingand in cafe any Nominee shall so become resident at any other Place beyond the Seas, or in cafe no Brittjb Governor or Perfon aAing as such, or Minifter or Conful respectively shall be resident at the Settlement, or in the Kingdom or State wherein any such Nominee shall be living, then a Certificate shall in like Manner be produced'of his or her Lift under the Hand and Seal,of the Chief Magiftrate of any Province, City, Town, or Place where such Nominee shall be living: Provided also, that in all Cafes where an Annuity shall depend on the Lives of Two joint Nominees, who shall . both be living, it shall be sufficient to produce the Certificate of the Lift of either of such Nominees.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That to every such. Certificate as herein-before is directed to be produced to the (aid Officer, shall be annexed an Affidavit or solemn Affirmation made before any Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate in England or Scotland respectively, or if in Ireland before one of the Barons of the Exchequer there, by the Perfon or Perfons entitled to the said Annuity, or by the Perfon applying to receive the fame on his, her, or their Behalf, that the.Matters contained in such Certificate are to the belt of his or her Belief true, and that the Perfon described or certified therein is the Nominee or one of the Nominees on whose Lift or Lives the Annuity whereof such Half-yearly Payment shall be claimed doth depend 3 and in cafe such Annuity mall have been granted on the Lives of Two Nominees and on the Life of the longer Liver of them, then in such Affidavit or Affirmation shall also be specified, to the belt of the Knowledge or Belief of the Perfon making such Affidavit or Affirmation, whether the other of the Two Nominees whose Life shall hot be so certified as aforesaid be living or dead, and if living the usual Place of his or her Refidence? but if the Perfon making such Affidavit or Affirmation shall be wholly ignorant whether the other of such Two Nominees shall be living or dead, or if living of the usual Place of his or her Abode, then the lame shall be specified in such Affidavit or Affirmation.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That upon the Production of fuck Certificates and Affidavits as by this A& are directed to be produced to the said Officer, for enabling the Receipt of Half-yearly Payments of Annuities, such Officer (nail and he is hereby required to grant to the Perfop producing the fame, a Certificate in the Form in toe Schedule to this ACt annexed marked (F.) which Certificate being produced to and lodged with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ shall be fuffident to authorize them, and they are hereby required to pay to the Perfon entitled to receive the faia Annuity, notonly the Half-yearly Payment thereof, which H»ll have

I i a	become

Affidavit of Identity to be annexed to such Certificates.

On ftrodn&ioaof Certificates, Sec. Officer shall gnat a Certificate, on which Annnhy shall be payable^

4U

A.D. 1808.

Certificates of v Death of single or farming Nominee flisll be produced before receiving the last portion of any Annuity.

life Annuities amy be tranf-fatred entire.

Annuities faaM be free from Taxes, Ac. except ss Dividends*

Penalty on producing fctfe Certificates and Affidavits, Forfeiture of Annuity, Ac.

C« 14 21

48* GEO* m.

become'due on the Day upon which any such Nominee shall have been certified as living, hut also all preceding Half-yearly Payments of such Annuity which shall have become due, but which shall not have been paid.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where upon the Death of any single Nominee, or of the Survivor of any Two joint Nominees, any Claim shall be preferred under the Pro-vifions of this Aft, for the Payment of a Sum equal to One-fourth Part of the Annuity depending upon his or her Life, the Perfon or Perfons preferring luch Claim shall produce to the Officer to be appointed as aforesaid a Certificate of tne Death of such Nominee, fpeci-rying the Day on which he or she shall have died, together with aa Affidavit in Proof of the Identity of such Nominee, to be respectively granted and taken by and before such and the like Perfons as by this Aft are authorized and empowered to grant Certificates, and to ad-minifter Affidavits In Proof of a Nominee being living on the Day on which any Half-yearly Payment of an Annuity dependant upon his or her Life became due, and such Officer shall thereupon grant to the Perfon producing the fame a Certificate in the Form specified in the Schedule to this Aft annexed marked (G.), and upon the said Certificate being produced to and lodged with the Governor and Company of the bank of England, they are hereby authorized aid required to make such Payment to the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That the Right, Title, Interect, and Benefit in and to any Life Annuities which may be purchased under the Provifions of this Aft, shall from Time to Time be tranf-ferrable in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of

’ England, provided such Annuities be transferred1 entire and not io Parts or Shares: Provided also, that the original Nominee or Nominees of any Annuity shall never be varied or changed, notwith-ftanding any Transfer of the Right or Intereft therein, in the Books of the laid Governor and Company.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That all Life Annuities purchased under the Provifions of this Aft shall be free from all Taxes, Charges^ and Impofitions whatsoever, except such as Dividends of Confulidated or Reduced Bank Annuities are or may be subject and liable to, and shall be deemed Perfonal Estate; and an all Cafes where the fame shall not depend upon the Life of the Perfon entitled thereto, shall go to his or her Executors or Adminiftrators as Perfonal Estate, and shall not be descendible to Heirs.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Certificates or Affidavits shall be produced to the said Officer to be appointed as aforesaid, containing any false Statement of the Age of any Perfon to be appointed a Nominee, with Intent to obtain an Annuity cm the Continuance of the Life of any Perfon who shall be under the Age of Thirty-five Years, or to obtain a higher Rate or Amount of Annuity during the Life of the Nominee than would by this Act be allowed according to his or her true Age, then and in every fnch Cafe all such Bank Annuities as may have been transferred for the Purchafe of such Annuity shall be forfeited to the said Commissioners, and all Right and Title to the Annuity which would otherwise have been payable in respect thereof shall cease and determine, and the Perfon or Perfons by whom or on whose Behalf such Stock shall have been transferred shall forfeit to His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTora, Treble the Value of all Sums which may have beeu received 00 account

AiD« 1808.

48* GEO. m.	c.	142;	4S5

of the said Annuity, and also the further Sura of Five hundred Pounds, which Penalties respectively shall be sued for, recovered, and applied in the Manner directed by this Ad.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Perfon or Poultieto* Perfons who for his, her, or their own Ujfe, or the Ufe,of any other

Perfon or Perfons, shall receive One or more Payment or Payments upon any Annuity for any Time beyond the Death of any {ingle or Nomine**, surviving Nominee, on the Continuance of whose Life the lame was. Treble the payable, after the Tjrpe on which the said Annuity ought wholly to Amount an4 cease by virtue of this Ad (knowing such Nominee to be dead)

{hall forfeit tp His Majessy, His Heirs and SuocefTors, Treble the Value of the Money received after the Death of such Nominee, and also the further Sum of Five hundred Pounds, which Penalties re-x fpedively shall be sued for, recovered, and applied in the Manner directed by this Ad.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That all Life Annuities pur- Annuities shall chafed under the Provifions of this A61, {hall, upon the ceasing wm 10 Sinking thereof, revert to the said Funds which shall from Time to Time be ^un** applicable to the Redudion of the National De&t, by virtue of the

faid recited Ad of the Forty-fecond Year of His Majefty’s Reign, and shall from thenceforth be applied in the fame Manner as by the Laws now in force, and by this Ad, the said Funds are made applicable.	,

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That no Copy of the Regifter Certificates, of the Birth or Baptifm of any Nominee, or any Certificates, Affi- Affriavits, and davits, or Affirmations to be made or taken in pursuance of this Ad,

nor any Transfer of Bank Annuities which {hall be made to the (aid putie^11* Commissioners for the Redudion of the National Debt, for the Pur-chafe of any Life Annuity, nor any Transfer or Acceptance of any Life Annuity in the Books of the Governor and Company of the *

Bank of England, nOr any Receipt for the payment of any Life Annuity or any Part thereof, at the Bank of England, {hall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon in any P«pl«yof

Affidavit or Affirmation to be taken before any Judge of His Ma-	on

jefty’s Courts at Weflmtnfier^ or before any of the Barons of His Majefty’s Courts of Exchequer in Scotland or Ireland respectively, or

before any Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate under the Provifions of this Ad, {hall wilfully or corruptly (wear or affirm any Matter or Thing which {hall be false or untrue, every such Perfon so offending, and being thereof duly cohvided, shall be, and is hereby declared to be subject aird liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Laws now in force any Perfons couvided of wilful and corrupt Perjury are fubje d and liable to.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons Pinijflpient fca shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or knowingly or wilfully ad or assist in

the forging, counterfeiting, or altering any Regifter or Regifters of ciogy. the Birth or Baptifm of any Perfon or Perfons to be appointed a Nominee or Nominees under the Provifions of this Ad, or any Copy or Certificate of any such Regifter, or the Name or Names of any • Witnefs or Witn^lfes to any such Certificate, or any Affidavit or Affirmation required to be taken for any of the Purpoles of this Ad,

'or the Certificate of any Judge, Baron of the Exchequer, Juftice of the peace or Magistrate, of any such Affidavit or Affirmation having been takep before him, or any Certificate of any Governor or Perfon

I i 3	ading

A.D.1808.

48<f

Tceorsry and Application of Tenahfos*

Ko/fees to Officer.

Commifijonen Jn&T appoint Clerks, &c.

Tor defraying '"-peaces.

Ci 14^*

48° GEO. III.

a&iftg as such, or Minifter or Conful, or Chief Magiftrate of any Province, Town, or Place, or other Perfon authorized by this Aft to grant any Certificate of the Life or Death of any Nominee, or any Certificate or Certificates of the Officer to be appointed by the said Commissioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt, or of any Caftiier or Clerk of the Bank of England, or shall forge or counterfeit, or shall cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully aft or assist in the forging or counterfeiting the Name or Names of any Perfon or Perfons in or to any Transfer of Bank Annuities for the Purchafe of any Life Annuity, or in or to any Transfer or Acceptance of any Life Annuity in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Receipt or Difcharge for any Life Annuity, or for any Payment or Payments due or to become due thereon, or to any Letter of Attorney, or other Authority or Inftrument, to transfer or accept any Bank Annuities or Lite Annuities under the Provifions of this Aft, or to receive any Life Annuities, or any Payment or Payments due or to become due thereon, or shall wilfully, felfely, and deceitfully personate any true and real Nominee or Nominees, or shall wilfully deliver or produce to any Perfon or Perfons acting under the Authority of this Aft, or shall utter any such forged Regifter, Certificate, Affidavit, or Affirmation, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, or any other Perfon or Perfons whoiftsoever, then and in every such Cafe all and every Perfon or Perfons so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cafes of Felony without Benefit of Clergy*

XXVIII* And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Aft, shall be recoverable if incurred in England, in the Name of His Majefty’s Attorney General on the Part of His Majesty, by Information in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster,. or (if incurred in Ireland) in the.Name of His Majefty’s Attorney General in the Court ot Exchequer at Dublin, or (if incurred in Scotland) in the Name of His Majefty’s Advocate General in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and such Penalty and Forfeiture shall go and belong to the (aid Commissioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt, and become Part of the Sinking Fund: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Coroxnif-fioners to cause such Reward as they shall think fit, not exceeding one Moiety of any such Penalty or Forfeiture so recovered, after dedufting all Charges and Expences incurred in recovering the fame, to be paid thereout to any Penon or Perfons who shall appear to them to be entitled thereto as Informer or Informers, in relpeft of such Penalty or Forfeiture so recovered; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That no Fee whatever shall be received or taken by the Officer to be appointed as aforesaid for granting any Certificates, or for any Aft, Matter, or Thing to be done by him in pursuance of this A ft.

XXX* And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt, shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to appoint such Officers, Clerks, and other Perfons, as may be necessary for carrying this Aft into Execution.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to order and

8	diftft

A.D. i8o8

487

' 48° GEO. III.	C. 14a.

direft any Sum or Sums of Money to be issued and paid out of any Aids or Supplies granted or to be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year in which such Expences shall be incurred, for the Payment of Salaries to Officers and Clerks acting in the Execution of this Aft, and for discharging such incidental Expences as shall necefiarily attend the Execution thereof, in such Manner as the said Commissioners of the Treafunr, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer, shall from Time to Time think fit and reafon-able ; and also to fettle and appoint such Allowances as shall be proper for the Pains and Labour of the Cafhier or Cafhiers, or other Officer or Officers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England in the Execution of this Aft; which la ft-mentioned Allowances shall be for the Ufe and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their Difpofal only.

XXXII.	« And whereas by the said recited Aft of the Twenty-

*	fixth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, the Speaker of the Houfe

*	of Commons, the Chancellor of His Majefty’s Exchequer, the Matter ‘ of the Rolls, the Accountant General of the Court of Chaneery,

‘ and the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of England,

*	for the Time being respectively were appointed Commissioners for

*	carrying the said Aft intp Execution;’ be it enacted, That in The Chief Baron addition to the Commissioners appointed by the said Aft, the Chief added to the Baron, or in his Abfence, any one of the Barons of His Majefty’s Commilfioner* Court of Exchequer in England, for the Time being refpefthreiy,

(hall be a Commifiioner for carrying into Execution the Purpofes of in ’ the said recited Afts of the Twenty-sixth, Thirty-second, and Forty- 36G.a.c^i.§u. second Years of His present Majefty’s Reign, and of this Aft, and shall have and be invelted with such and the lame Powers and Authorities in all Refpefts as if the Chief Baron or Baron of the said Couit of Exchequer respectively had been appointed a Commifiioner by the said Aft of the Twenty-fixth Year aforesaid.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Qnarumof for any Four of the Commissioners for the Reduftion of* the Na- Commiflioncis. tional Debt tor the Time being, to execute and do all Matters and

Things which by this Aft the Commissioners for the Reduftion of , the National Debt are required and empowered to do,

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted, That the following Accounts Accounts of tU shall be prepared by the said Commissioners for the Reduftion of Options irodk? the National Debt, and shall be annually laid before both Houles of fh» A& shall bu Parliament, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March if Parlia-

ment shall be then fitting; and if Parliament shall not be then fitting,	w

then within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the then Commifiooca. „

next Seffion of Parliament 5 videlicet, a Half-yearly Accourt of all

Bank Annuities which shall have been transferred to them for the

Purchafe of any Life Annuities, and of the Dividends receivable by

them in respect thereof, up to the Period of such Account; diftin-

guifhing therein so much of the said Bank Annuities as shall have

been transferred in the Courfe of the next immediately preceding

Half Year; also a Half-yearly Account of the Amount of all the

Life Annuities granted by them up to the Period of such Account,

diftinguifking therein the Amount of the Life Annuities which (hall

have been granted in the Courfe of the next immediately preceding

Half Year; and also of the Amount of all the Annual Sums which,

up to the Period of the said Account, shall, by reason of the Deaths

,©1 Nominees or otherwise, have reverted to the said Funds applicable .

I i 4	t*

AiD*i 80S.

488

C. 14a.	48*	GEO.	m.

to the Rodu&ion of the National'Debt, distinguishing therein the Amount of such Annual Sums as shall have so reverted in the Courfe of. the next immediately preceding Half Year, together with an Ac* count of the Amount of Life Annuities then payable; and in every such Account shall be fpeci$ed the Excefs in the whole Amount of all the Life Annuities then before granted, above the Amount of the Dividends receivable in refpe£t of all the Bank Annuities then before transferred for the Puifchafe of Life Annuities, and also the Excefs (if any) in the Amount of the Life Annuities then payable above the Amount of such Dividends: Alfo a Half-yearly Account 'of the Capital Stock, which, up to the Period of such Account, shall have been redeemed by the Application" of the Annual Sqm* which shall from Time to Time have 10 reverted to the said Funds by reason of the Deaths of Nominees, or otherwise, and by the Application of the accumulated Dividends of' the Capital Stock thereby redeemed: Alfo an Account of the whole Amount of Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, which, up to the Period of such Account, would have been redeemed by the Excefles in the Amount of the Life Annuities, from Time to Time payable by the (aid Commif-(ioners, above the Amount of the Dividends from Time to Time receivable by them in refoe& of the Bank Annuities transferred for the furchafe of such Life Annuities, in cafe such Excefles had been intermediately applied in the Redemption of Three Pounds per Centum Stock, in the Manner prescribed by the Laws now in force for the Redemption of the National Debt.

“ Limitation of A&ions, Three Months.—General Iflue.—Treble M Cofts. § 35. A6t may be altered this Seflhra. § 36.1*

SCHEDULES to which this Ad refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

FORM of the DECLARATION to be signed by Perfons desirous of purchasing Life Annuities for themselves, or on Behalf of others.

T A. B. of	do	hereby	declare to the Commiflloners

1 for the Redu&ion of the National Debt, That I am desirous on my own Account, [or, on the Behalf of C. D. pf "	]	to	transfer to ^he said Commifiioners

the Sum of	£	3	per	Centum	Confolidated [or

Reduced] Bank Annuities, for the Purchafe of a Life Annuity; And I do hereby nominate myself [or, C. D* of	]	now	of	the	Age of

Years, to be the Perfon on the Continuance of whose Life [or, in rafe of Two Nominee* 1 myself, now of the Age of Years, and E. F.	of

now of the Age of	Years	[or	E. F. of

now of the Age of	Years,	and, G. H.

of	now	of	the	Age	of	Years!

to be the Perfons on the Continuance of whose Lives and the Life of the longer Liver of them] the (aid Annuity is to depend, and whose Age [or, respective Ages, a* the. Cafe may be"] is [or, are] certified and verified by the Certificates and Affidavits [or Affidavits] now [or, which have been before] produced.

Whnefs my Hand| this	Day	of

SCHE-

<^k.D« i So8«

4«* GEO- I1L

Ci4^

SCHEDULE (B.)

N°

FORM of CERTIFICATE to be granted by the said Officer, in order to enable the Transfer of Stock at the Bank of England for the Purchafe of £»ife Annuities.

TN pursuance of an Aft palled in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reiga or His present Majcft v, intituled [jhere insert the Title of the ABJ]

I do hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England» that A. B. of '	hath	fignified	to	the

Commiffiorters for the Reduftion of the National Debt, his [er, her j Defire, on his [or, her] own Behalf [or, on the Behalf of C• D.

of	] to transfer the Svutt

of	£7	per	Centum Confolidated [or, Reduced]

Bank Annuities, to the (aid Commissioners, for the Purchafe of a Life Annuity on the Life of himself on herself [or, of C. D. as the Cafe may be"] [or, in cafe of Two Nominees, on the Lives of him or her the said A. B.	and of E. F. of

and the Life of the longer Liver of them,] [or, of E. F. of and G. If, of	and the Life of the longer Liver of

them, as the Cafe may be] And I do hereby further certify, That it hath been made appear to me, that the Age of the said Nominee, upon which the Amount of the said Annuity is to be estimated accord* ing to the Provifions of the said Aft, is	Years

[or, in cafe of Tiuo Nominees of equal Ages, that the said Nominees are of equal Ages, and that the Age upon which the Amount of the said Annuity is to be estimated according to the Provifions of the said Aft is	Years] [or, in cafe there shall be Two

Nominees of unequal Ages, that the rcfpeftive Ages upon which the Annuity is to be estimated according to the Provifions of the said Aft are as follows; videlicet, the Age of the faid	1

the younger Nominee, is	Years; an^ the Ag&

of the faid	the elder Nominee exceeds the (aid

Age of	the younger Nominee by more thag

Years, but not by more than Years] : And I do hereby further certify, that the Amount of the Life Annuity which will, upon the Transfer of the said Sum of £ 3 per Centum Confolidated [or. Reduced] Bank Annuities, become payable in refpcft thereof during the Life of the said Nominee [or, of the said Two Nominees and the Life of jhe longer Liver of them] is	per Annum.

Witnefs my Hand, this	Day of

SCHEDULE (C.)

FORM of CERTIFICATE of the Calhier of the Bank of England, acknowledging the Transfer of Bank Annuities for the Purchafe of Life Annuities.

TN purfnance of an Aft, paired in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign 1 of His present Majesty, intituled. An Aft \Jhere insert the Title of the AB] I do hereby certify, that the Sum of £ 3 per Centum Confolidated [or, Reduced] Bank Annuities hath been this Day transferred to the Cpmroiilioners for the Reduftion of the 'National Debt, by or on the Behalf of

for the Purchafe of a Life Annuity under the'Provifions of the laid Aft.

Witnefs my Hand, this	Day of

SCHE-"

' ,	*	Schedule (EJ)—continued.

TABLE, No. 3. continued.—Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every sSioo of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in cafe the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Five Years, but not by more than Ten Years, at the Time of the Transfer.

Price of the sS3 per Cent. Confolidated orReduced Bank Annuities.

3 . *	71  and under  72.	72  and under  73-		73  and under  74-	74  and under  75*	75-  and under  76.		/  76  and under  77*		77,  and under  ■ 78.		78 and under  79-			and under  80.			8d and under 8l.		
35-	4 3°	4	3 0	440	44O	4 5	0	4	5 0	4 «	O	4	6	O	4	7	0	4	8	0
6.	440	4	4 0	450	4 5 0	4 *	0	4	0 0	4 7	O	4	7	O	4	8	0	'4	9	0
7-	4 5 0	4	5 0	4 <5 P	460	4 7	0	4	7 0	4 8	O	4	S	O	4	9	0	4	10	0
8.	4 S 0	4	6 0	4 6 P	4 1 7 0	4 ^	0	4	8 0	4 9	0	4	9	O	4	10	0	4	it	0
9-	460	4	7 0	470	480	4 9	0	4	9 0	4 10	0	4	11	O	4	11	0	4	12	0
40.	470	4	8 0	490	490	4 10	0	4	10 0	4 i'	0	4	12	0	4	12	0	4	13	0
1.	480	4	9 0	4 10 0	4 10 0	4‘ic	0	4	h2 0	. 4 1*	0	4	*3	0	4	*3	0	4	*4	0
2.	4 10 0	4	10 0	4110	4 12 0	4 12	0	4	13 0	4 13	0	4	•4	0	4	15	0	4	*5	0
3-	4 11 P	4	11 0	4 12 0	4 13 ©	4 13	0	4	14 O	4 »5	0	4 IS		0	4	16	0	4	17	0
4*	4^0	4	13 0	4 13 0	4 14 0	4 15	0	4	15 ©	4 16	0	4	*7	0	4	i7	0	4	18	0

ipn -QT'	to*oao.8*r

*

.s-	4 13 °	4 14 0
6.	4'J®	4 iy 0
7-	4 16 o	4 17 0
8.	4 17 °	4 18 0
9-	4*19 0	500
5°-	5 1 0	5 a 0
I.	5 3 0	5 3 0
a.	5 4°	5 5 0
3-	560	5 7 0
4*	5 8,°	5 9 0
5-	5 M O	5 12 0
6.	5 *3 0	5 14 0
7-	516 0	5 17 0
8.	5 i7 0	5 18 0
9-	6 00	610
6o.	630	650
i.	6 6®	680
2.	6 10 G	6 12 0
3-	6 14 0	6 15 0
4-	6 18 0	700
5-	7 3©	740
6.	7 80	7 9 0
7*	7 13 0	7 *5 0
' 8.	7180	800
9-	840	860
7°-	8 11 0	8 13 0
	.	'

15 0	4 i5 0	4 16 0
16 0	4 17 0	4 17 0
18 0	4 18 0	4 19 °
19 0	500	5 1 0
1 0 *	5 1 0	5 a 0
3 ©	5 3 0	5 4o
4 0	5 5 0	560
6 0	5 70	$ 8 0
8 0	5 9 0	5 1° 0
10 0	5 11 0	5 ia 0
13 0	5 140	5 1S ©
15 P	5 16 0	5 !7 0
18 0	S J9 0	600
0 0	610	6 a 0
3 0	640	650
6 0	6 7.0	680
9 0	6 10 0	6^1 0
13 0	6 14 0	6 16 0
17 0	6 18 0	6 19 0
1 6	720	740
6 •	7 7 b	790
11 0	7 12 O	7 14 0
16 0	7 18 0	8 00
' 1 0	830	8 S 0
8 0	8 10 0	8 ia e
15 0	8 17 0	8 19 0

4

4

4

4

5

5

5

5

5

5

5

5

5

6

6

6

6

6

6

7

7

7

7

8

8

8

4 *7		0	417		0	4	18	O	4 19		0	5	0	0 1
4	18	0	4 >9		0	5	0	0	5	0	0	5	I	0
5	0	0	5	1	0	5	I	O	5	%	0	■ s	3	0
5	1	0	5	%	0	5	3	0	5	4	0	5	5	0
5	3	0	5	4	Or	5	5	0	5	6	0	5	6	0
5	5	0	5	6	0	5	7	O	&	7	0	s	8	0
5	7	0	5	8	0	5	9	0	5	9	0	5	10	0
5	9	0	5	10	0	S	11	0 .	5	11	0	S	12	0
5	11	0	5	T2	0	5	13	O	5	T4	0	5	15	0
5	13	0	5-	14	0	5 *S		0	5	16	0	5	i7	0
5	i<5	0	5	17	O.	S	18	0	5	19	0	6	0	0
5	18	0	5	19	O	6	0	0	6	1	0	6	2	0
6	1	0	6	2	O	6	3	0 ,	6	4	0	6	5	0 .
6	3	0	6	4	O	6	3	0	6	6	0	6	7	0
6	6	0	6	7	O	6	8	0	6	9	0	6	11	0
6	9	0	6	11	O	6	12	0	6	!3	0	6	H	0
6	13	0	6	x4	O	6	>5	0	6	16	0,	6	18	0
6	*7	0	6	18	O	7	0	0	1	1	0	7	2	0
7	1	0	7	2	O	7	3	0	7	,5	0	7	6	0
7	5	0	7	7	O	'7	8	0	7	9	0	7	11	c
7	10	0	7	12	O	7	13	0	7		0	7	16	0
7	*5	0	7	*7	O	7	*9	O	8	0	0	8	2	0
8	1	0	8	3	O	8	4	0	8	6	0	8	8	0
8	7	0	.8	8	O	8*io		0	8	12	0	8	13	0
8	13	0	8		O	8	17	0	8	J9	0	9	1	0
9	1	0	9	3	•	9	5	0	9	’ 6	0	9	7	•

Vi

A.D. 1S08.	48°	GEO.	III.	-	C.	142

Schedule (E.)—continued.  TABLE, No. 4.—Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives* and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will he payable for every £ 100 of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in cafe the Age of the elder Nominee ihall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Ten Years, but not by more than.Eifteen Years, at the Time of the Transfer.												Ol  O  N
u  0			Price of the £3 per Cent. Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities.									li  M  4* -
c § •  oJ	60	61	62	63	64	*5	66	67	68	69	70	% <«
&	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	.
< '	6l.	62.	63-	64.	^5-	66.	67.	63.	69.	70.	71*	*
35-	3 18 0	3 19 0	400.	400	•  4 1 0	4 1 0	4 20	4 a 0	4 3®	440	440	■fe  O
6.	3 19 o	400	400	410	4 z 0	420	4 3 0	430	440	440	4 5 0	g
7-	400	410	410	420	420	4 3 0	440	440	4 5°	4 5 0	460	
8.	410	4 1 0	420	4 3 0	4 3o	44?	450	4 5°	460	460	470	' p
9*	420	420	4 3 0	4 4 0	440	45a	460	4 60	470	470	480	
40.	4 3°	4 3°	440	4 5°	450	460	470	470	4 >8 0	490	490	
1.	4 4 0	440	450	460	460	470	480	480	490	4 10 0	4 10 0	
1.	4 5 0	4 5 0	460	4 7o	470	480	490	4 10 0	4 ISO	4 11 0	4 11 0	
3*	460	460 \ ^	470	^ to	490	490	4 10 0	4 11 0	4 11 0	4 12 0	4 13 0	>  b
4-	4 1 0	4 ■s 0	480	4 9 0	4 10 0	4 ix 0	4 it 0	4 12 0	4 *3 0	4 *3 0	4 14 0	*4
S•	480	♦ 9 0	4 10 0	4 10 0	.4110	4 13 0	4 13 0	4 »3 0	4 14 0	4 15 0	4 16 0	

6.	4	9	6	4	IO	o	4	II	o	4	12	O	4	12	©
7-	4	ii	O	4	XI	o	4	12	0	4	*3	O	4	*4	0
8.	4-	12	©	4	x3	o	4	x4	o	4	*5	0	4	*5	0
9-	4	x3	o	4	14	o	4	*5	0	4	16	0	4	>7	0
5°.	4	x5	o	4	16	o	4	•x7	o	4	18	0	4	19	0
i.	4	x7	o	4	M  00	o	4	J9	o	4	19	0	J	0	0
2.	4	18	o	4	x9	o	5	o	o	5	1	0	5	2	0
3-	5	0	o	5	i	o	5	2"	o	5	3	0	5	4 0	
+•	5	2	o	5	3	o	5	4	o	5	5	0	5	6	0
5-	5	4	o	*	5	o	5	6	o	5	7	0	5	8	o*
6.	5	6	o	5	7	0	5	8	©	5	9	0	5	10 0	
7-	i	8	o	5	9	o.	5	ii	o	5	12	0	5	J3	0
8.	*	IT	o	5	12	0	5	»3	o	5	*4	0	5	16	0
9*	5	*4	o	S	x5	o	S	16	o	5	17	0	5	x9	0
<So.	5	x7	o	5	18	0	5	x9	o	6	1	0	6	2	0
i.	5	*9	o	6	i	o	6	2	o	6	3	o'.	6	5	0
2.	6	3	o	6	4	o	6	6	o	6	7	0	6	8	0
3-	6	7	0	6	8	o	6	10	o	6	11	0	6	12	c
4-	6	ii	o	6	12	o	6	x4	o	6	15	0	6	x7	0
5-	6	*4	o	6	16	o	6	x7	o	6	>9	0	7	0	0

4 *3		0	4 14 0.			415		0	415		0	4 16		0	4 *7		0
4 >5		O	4 *5		0	4	16	0	4	!7	0	4	l8	0	4	19	0
4	16	O	4 *7		0	4	18	0	4	*9	0	5	O	0	J	0	0
4	18	0	4'19		0	s	OO		s	0	0	5	I	0	5	2	0
4	*9	0	5	0	0	5	1	0	s	2	0	5	3	0	5	4	0
3	i	0	5	2	0	s	3	0	5	4	0	5	5	0	5	6	0
5	3	0	5	4 0		5	5	0	5	6	0	S	1	0	5	8	0
3	5	0	5	6 0		5	7	0	5	8	0	5	9	0	5	10	0
5	7 ©		5	8	0	S	9	a	s	11	0	S	12	0	5	*3	0
5	9	0	5	xo	0	5	11	0	5	12	0	5	13	0	S	14	0
5	ii	0	5	I<2	0	5	13	0	5		c	5	16 0		5	17	0
5	14 o		5	lS	0	S	16	0	5	17	0	5	19	0	6	0	0
5	*7	0	5	l8	0	5	*9	0	6	0	0	6	i	0	6	3	0
6	o	0	6	I	0	6	2	0	6	4	0	6	5	•	6	6	0
6	3	0	6	4	0	6	6	0	6	7	0	6	8	0	6	9	0
6	6	0	6	7 0		6	9	0	6	10	0	6	IY	0	6	*3	0
6	IO	0	6	11	0	6	*3	0	6	14	0	6	M  v**.  O		6	*7	0
6	14 0		6	*5 ©		6	*7	0	6	18	0	7	O	0	7.	1	0
6 18		0	7	0	0	7	1	0	7	3	0	7	4	0	7	6	0
7	2-	0	7	4	0	7	5	0	7	7	0	7	8	0	7	10	0

a

O

'iti *3	HI	'030	o8^	tjoji	*

SCHEDULE (E.)

TABLE No. a.—Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every stfioo-of the Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in cafe the Nominees shall be of (equal Ages, or being of different Ages, in cafe the Age of the elder Nomiuee shall not exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Five Years, at the Time of the Transfer.

	Price of the per Cent.' Confolidatedor Reduced Bank Annuities.																									
u *1 >  J W  o		6o			6i		62		63			64		6S		66		67	I	68		69			70	
© f	and under			and under		and under		and under			and under		and under		and under		and under and undei				and under			and under		
<Z  O		61			62.		63-		64.			65-		66.		67.		68.	1	69.		70.			7*<	»
35-	3		o	3	16 0	3	l6 O	3	*7	0	3	17 O	3	l8 O	3	l8 O	3	IQ O	3	19 O	4	0	0	4	O	0
6.	3	*6	o	3	16 0	3	■7 0	3	f7	0	3	l8 O	3	18 0	3	19 0	3	19 0	4	O O	4	0	0	4	X	0
7-	3	16	o	3	17 0	3	17 0	3	18	0	3	19 O	3	19 O	4	O O	4	0 0	4	I O	4	I	0	4	2	0
8.	3		o	3	18 0	3	18 0	3	*9	0	3	19 O	4	O O	4	0 0	4	I 0	4	I O	4	2	0	4	2	0
9	3	18	0	3	18 0	3	19 0	3	*9	0	4	O O	4	I O	4	I 0	4	2 0	4	2 O	4	3	0	4	3	0
4*	3	J9	o	3	19 0	4	0 0	4	0	0	4	X 0	4	I O	4	2 O	4	3 0	4	3 0	4	4	0	4	4	0
i.	3	19	o	4	0 0	4	1 0	4	1	0	4	2 O	4	2 O	4	3 0	4	4 0	4	4 0	4	5	0	4	5	0 <
a.	4	o	o	4	X 0	4	1 0	4	2	0	4	3 0	4	3 0	4	4 0	-4	4 0	4	5 °	4	6	0	4	0	0
3-	-4	i	o	4	2 0	4	a O	4	3	0	4	3 0	4	4 0	4	5 0	4	5 0	4	6 0	4	7	0	4	7	0
4*	4	2	o	4	3 0	4	3 0	4	4	0	4	4 0	4	5 0	4	6 0	4	6 0	4	7 0	4	8	0	4	8	0
5-	4	3	o	4	3 0	4	4 0	4	5	0	4	5 0	4	6 0	4	7 0	4	7 0	4	8 0	4	9	0	4	9	0
6.	4	4	o	4	5 0	4	5 °	4	6 O		4	I °	4	7 0	4	8 0	4	9 0	4	9 0	4	xo	0	4	11	0
7-	4	5	o	4	6 0	4	6 0	4	7	0	4	8 0	4	8 0	4	9 0	4	10 0	4	10 0	4 11		0	4	12	0
8.	4	6	o	4	7 0	4	7 0	4	8	0	4	9 0	4	10 0	4	10 0	4	it 0	4	12 0	4	12	0	4	*3	0
9-	4	7	o	4	8 0	,4	9 0	4	9	0	4	10 0	4	11 0	4	12 0	4	12 O	4	13 0	4	*4	0	4	*5	0

8081TTY	-HI	‘OIO	'	*zH	’3

5°-	4	; 8	0	4	9	0	4	10	0	4	IX	0	4	12	0	4	12	0
I.	4	IO	0	4	10	0	4	11	0	4	12	0	4		0	4	14	0
a	4	11	0	4	12	0	4	13	0	4	x3	0	4	>4	0	4	*5	0
3*	4	12	0	4	*3	0	4	14 0		4		0	4	16	0	4	j7	0
4-	4	14	0	4		0	4	16	0	4	*7	0	4	17	0	4	18	0
5-	4	16	0	4	l6	0	4	*7	0	4	18	0	4	l9	0	5	0	0
6.	4	17	0	4	l8	0	4	19	0	5	0	0	5	1	0	5	a	6
7-	4	*9	0	5	0	0	5	1	0		2	0	5	3	0	5	4	0
8.	5	1	0	s	2	0	5	3	0	5	4	0	5	5	0	5	6	0
9	5	3	0	s	4	0	5	5	0	5	6	0	S	7	0	5	8	0
6o.	5	4	0	5	5	0	5	7	0	5	8	0	5	9	0	5	10	0
i.	5	6	0	5	7	0	S	9	0	5	10	0	5	11	0	5	12	0
2.	5	9	0	5	10	0	s	11	0	5	12	0	5	*4	0	5	*3	0
3*	5	12	0	.5	*3	0	5	14	0	5		0	5	17	0	5	18	0
4-	5	J5	0	5	16	0	S	17	0	5	i3	0	6	c	0	6	K	0
5-	5	18	0	5	*9	0	6	1	0	ft	2	0	6	3	0	6	5	0
6.	6	1	0	6	3	0	6	4	0	6	6	0	6	7	0	6	8	0
7-	6	5	0	6	7	0	6	8	0	6	10	0	6	11	0	6	12	0
8.	6	9	0	6	11	0	6	12	0	6	H	0	6	>5	0	6	l7	0
9-	6	M	0	6	16	0	6	17	0	<5	J9	0	7	0	0	7	2	0
7°-	6	18	0	7	0	0	7	1	0	7	3	0	7	5	0	7	6	0
i.	7	3	0	7	5	0	7	7	0	7	8	0	7	10	0	7	12	0
2.	7	9	0	7	XI	0	7	*3	0	7	*5	0	7	16	0	7	18	0
3-	7	!5	0	7	*7	0	7	19.	0	8	1	0	8	3	0	8	5	0
4	8	a	0	8	4	0	8	6	0	8	8	0	8	JO	0	8	12	0
5-	8	9	0	8	11	0	8	'4	0	8	16	0	8	18	0	9	0	0

>«

4	*3	0	4	14	0	4 >5		0	4	*5	0	4	l6	0
4	14	0	4		0	4	10	0	4	17	0	4	l8	0
4	16	0	4	17	0	4	18	0	4	18	0	4	19	0
417		0	4	18	0	4	'9	0	5	0	0	5	1	0
4 ?9		0	5	0	0	5	1	0	5	2	0	5	3	0
5	1	0	S	2	0	5	3	0	5	4	0	5	5	0
5	3	0	5	4	0	s	5	0	f	6	0	5	7	0
5	5	0	5	6	0	5	7	0	5	8	0	s	9	0
5	7	0	5	8	0	5	9	0	5	10	0	s	11	0
5	9	0	S	10	0	5	11	0	5	12	0	5	14	0
5	11	0	5	12	0	5	13	0	5	14	0	5	*5	0
5	*3	0	5	14	0	5	13	0	3	16	0	5	18	0
5	16	0	5	17	0	5	18	0	5	19	0	6	0	0
5	!9	◦	6	0	0	6	1	0	6	3	0	6	4	0
6	2	0	6	3	0	6	5	0	6	6	0	6	7	0
6	6	0	6	7	0	6	8	0	6	10	0	6	11	0
6	10	0	6	11	0	6	12	0	6	14	0	6	15	0
6	H	0	6	15	0	6	17	0	6	18	0	7	0	0 '
6	19	0	7	0	0	7	2	0	7	3	0	7		0
7	4	0	1	5	0	7	7	0	7	8	0	7	10	0
7	8	0	7	10	0	7	11	0	7	iJ	0	7		0
7	14	0	7	15	0	7	17	0	7	19	0	8	I	0
8	0	0	8	2	0	8	4	0	8	6	0	8	8	0
8	7	0	8	9	0	8	11	0	8	*3	0	8		0
8	15	0	8	17	0	8	*9	0	9	1	0	9	3	0
9	3	0	9	5	0	9	7	0	9	9	0	9	11	0

£

A.D. iSotf,	.	48*	GEO.	III.	C.	142*

Schedule (E.)—continued.

TABLE, No. a, continued.—Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities grunted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the Jopger Liver of them, which will be payable for every £ 100 of the Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in cafe the Nominees shall be of equal Ages, or being of different Ages, in cafe the Age of the elder Nominee shall not exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Five Years, at the Time of the Transfer.

			Price of the of 3 per Cent. Confolidated						or Reduced Bank Annuities.			\
>  .S3 ^ 8.		7»	72		73	.74	75	76	77	78	79	80
o c	and under		and under	and under		and undei	and under	'land under	and under	and under	and under	and under
MO  <>*  *		72.	73-		74-	75*	76.-	77-	78. ,	79*	80.	
35-	4	I O	4 1 *	4	2 O	4 2 0	4 3®	4 3 0	4 4 0	4 4 0	4 r5 0	4 5 0
6.	4	I O	420	4	3 0	4 3 0	440	4 4 0	4 5 0	4 5 0	4 6 0	4 6 0
7-	4	2 O	4 3 0	'4	3 0	4 4 0	440	4 5 0	460	460	4 7 0	4 7 0
8.	4	3 0	440	4	4 0	4 5 0	4 5 0	460	460	4 7 0	4 7 0	4 8 0
9-	4	4 0	4 5 0	4	5 0	4OO	460	470	470	.480	4 .8.0	4 9 0
4°*	4	5<>	400	4	6 0	4 7 0	4 7o	480	480	4 9 0	4 10 0	4 IQ 0
i.	4	6 0	470	4	7 0	480	4 80	490	490	4 10 0	4 XI 0	4110
2.	4	7 0	480	4	8 0	4 9 0	490	4 10 0	4 11 0	4 11 0	4 12 0	4 12 0
3-	4	8 0	480	4	9 0	4 10 0	4 ID O	4 11 0	4 12 0	. 4 12 O	4 x3 °	4 14 0
4-	M	9 0	4 10 0	4.	10 0	4 XI 0	4 12 0	4 12 0	4 13 0	4 x3 0	4 x4 0	4 15 o
5-	4	10 0	4 11 0	4	11 0	4 12 0	4 13 0	4 *3 0	4 14 0	4 lj 0	4 lS 0	4 16 0
6.	4	1 r 0	4 12 0	4 13 0		4 *3 0	4 x4 0	4 x5 0	4	4 16 0	4 17 0	4 !7 o
7-	4	13 0	4 *3 0	4	14 0	4 x5 0	4 x5 0	4 16 0	4 i7 O	4 18 0	4 18 0	4 19 0
8.	4	14 0	4 15 0	4	x5 0	4 16 0	4 17 0	4 18 0	4 19 0	4 19 °	5 00	5 00
9-	4	15 0	4 16 0	4	17 0	4 18 0	4 18 0	4 19 0	300	5 * 0		3 20

i

p

%

*

p

48 Geo. III.	K	k

5°-	4	»7	0	4	l8	0	4	x9	0	4	19	0	s	0	0	s	I	0
I.	4	18	0	'4	19	0	5	0	0	5	1	0	s	2	0	5	2	0
2.	5	0	0	s	1	0	S'	• 2	0	s	3	0	s	3	0	S	4	0
. 3-	5	2	0	5	3	0	5	3	0	s	4	0	5	5	0	5	6	0
4*	5	4	0	5	5	0	S	5	0	s	6'	o'	s	7	0	5	8	0
5-	5	5	0	5	6	0	5	7	6	5	8	0 •	S	9	0	5	10	0
6.	5	8	0	5	9	0	5	IC	0	5	10	0	S	11	0	5	12	0 i
7-	j	10	0	5	11	0	S	12	•	5	x3	0	5	14	0	5	15	0.
8.	s	12	0	'5	13	0	5	*4	0	s	*5	0	5	16	0	S	x7	0
9-	5	15	0	5	16	0	5 17		0	6	18	•	S	l9	0	6	0	0
06o.	5	16	0	5	17	0	5	18	'0	5	x9	0	6	v	0	6	2	0
i.	5	*9	0	6	0	0	6	1	0	6	2	0	6	3	O'	6	4	0
2.	6	2	0	6	3	0	6	4	0	6	5	0	6	6	0	6	8	0
3-	6	5	0	6	6	0	6	8	0	6	9	0	6	10	0	6	IT	0
4*	6	9	0	6	10	0 ‘	6	11	0	6	12	0	6	J4	0	6	15	0
5*	6	L2	0	6	H	0	6	l5	0	6	16	0	6	18	0	6	19	0
6.	6	*7	0	6	18	0	6	l9	0	7	1	0	7-	. 2	0	7	4	0
7-	7	1	0	7	3	0	7	4	0	7- 5		0	7	7	0	7	8	0
8.	7	6	0	7	8	0	7	9	0	7	11	0	7	12	0	7	M	0
9-	7	12	0	7	J3	0	7		0	7	16	0	7	18	0	7	*9	0
70.	7	16	0	7	18	0	8	0	0	8	1	0	8	3	0	8		0
1.	8	2	0	8	4	0	8	6	0	8	8	0	8	10	0	8	11	0
2.	8	9	0	8	11	0	8	13	0	8	*5	0	8	i7	0	8	l9	0
3-	8	x7	0	.8	*9	0	9	1	0	9	3	0	9	5	0	9	7	0
4-	9	5	0	9	7	0	9	9	0	9	11	0	9	13	0	9		0
5-	9	J4	0	9	16	0	9  *	18	0	10	0	0	10	2	0	10	5	0 |

5	2	0	5	2	0	|3	3	0	5	4	p
/ s	3	0	. 5	4	om	5	5	0	5.	, 6	0
5	s	0	5	6	0	5	7	0	5	7	0
5	7	0	5	8	0	s	9	0	5	9	•
S	9	0	s	10	0	5	11	0	5	11	•
5	II	0	5	11	0	5	13	0	5	H	0
S	*3	0	5	'4	0	5	*5	0	5	16	0
5	16	0	5	17	0	5	17	0	S	18	0
5	18	0	5	19	0	6	0	0	6	1	0
6	1	0	6	2	0	6	3	0	6	4	0
6	3	0	6	4	0	6	S	0	6	6	0
6	5	0	6	7*	0	6	8	0	6	9	0
6	9	0	6	10	0	6	11	0	6	12	0
6	12	0	6	H	0	6	13	0	6	16	0
6	16	0	6	17	0	6	19	0	7	0	0
7	0	0	7	>2	0	7	3	0	7	4	0
7	5	0	7	6	0	7	8	0	7	9	0
7	10	0	7	11 ‘	0	7	13	0	' 7	14	0
7 iS		0	7	17	0	7	18	0	8	0	0
8	1	0	8	3	0	8	4	0.	J 8	6	0
8	6	0	8	8	0	8	10	0	8	11	0
8	*3	0	8	15	0	8	*7	0	8	18	0
9	1	0	9	2	0	^9	4	0	9	6	0
9	9	0	9	1 x	0	9	13	0	9		0
917		0	9	19	0	10	2	0	10	4	0
10	7	0	10	9	0	10	I*	0	10	*4	0

VO

fi-V' 180?’	48°	GEO.	m.	C.	142.

Schedule (E.J—continued,

TABLE, No. j.—Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every j£ioo of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in cafe the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Five Years, but not by more than Ten Years, at the Time of the Transfer.

a  *4				Price of the £$ per Cent. Confolidated				or	Reduced Bank Annuities.						
l-s  3 ^	6o		61	62	63	64	65		66		67		68	69	70
tfl	and under 6i.	and under  62. ,		and under  '63.	and under  64.  4	and under  65.	and under 66.	4!  § ^  s		and under 68.		and under  69.		and under  70.	and under  7U
35-	3 0	3	*7 0	318 0	3 18 0	3 19 0	3 19 0	4	O O	4	I 0	4	x 0	4 2 0	4 2 0
6.	3 17 0	3	18 0	319 0	3 19 °	4 00	400	4	X O	4	1 0	4	2 O	4 2 0	4 3"°
?•	3 18 0	3	19 0	319 0	400	4 00	4 1 0	4	2 O	4	2 0	4	3 0	4 3 0	440
8.	3 19 0	3	19 0	4 0,0	4 1 0	4 x 0	420	4	2 0	4	3 0	4	4 0	4 4 0	4 5 0
9*	400	4	0 0	4 10	410	420	4 3 0	4	3 0	4	4 0	4	4 0	4 5 0	4 6 0
4°.	410	4	1 0	420	420	4 3 •	4 4®	4	4 0	4	5 °	4	5 0	4 6 0	4 '7 0
i.	4 1 0	4	2 0	430	4 3 0	440	4 5 0	4	1 0	4	6 0	4	7 0	4 7 0	48c
2.	420	4	3 0	440	440	450	460	4	0 0	4	7 0	4	8 0	4 8 0	490
3-	4 3 0	4	4 0	4S«	4 5 o'-	400	470	4	7 0	4	3 0	4	9 0	4 9 0	4 xo 0
4-	440	4	S 0	460	460	470	480	4	8 0	4	9 0	4	xo 0	4 ix 0	4 XI 0

*

vo

O

*

M

*•

t*

ts

o

E

s

\

B

*

Kk z

5-	4	5	0	4	6	0	’4	7	0	4	8	0	4	8	0	4	9	0
6.	4	6	0	4	7	0	4	8	0	4	9	0	4	9	0	4	10	0
7-	4	^ 8	0	4	8	0 -	4	9	0	4	10	0.	4	11	0	4	11	0
8.	4	9	0	4	10	0	4	10	O'	4	11	0	4	12	0	4	J3	0
9-	4	10	0	4	11	0	4	12	0	4	*3	0	413		0	4	H	0
50.	4	12	0	4	12	0	4	13	0	4	x4	to	4	*5	0	4	16	0
I.	4	13	0	4	14	0	4	>5	0	4	16	0	4	*7	0	4	x7	6
2.	4	J5	c	4	16	0	4	10	0	4	17	0	4	18	0	4	x9	0
3*	4	l6	0	4	J7	0	4	18	0	4	x9	0	5	0	0	5	. 1	0
4*	4	l8	0	4	19	0	s	0	0	5	1	0	5	2	0	5	3	0
5-	5	O	0	5	I	0	5	2	0	5	3	0	5	4	0	5	5	0
6.	5	2	0	5	3	0	7	4	0	5	5	0	s	6	0	5	7	0
2-	5	4	0	5	5	JO	5	6	0	5	7	0	5	8	0	5	9	0
8.	5	5	0	5	6	0	5	7	0	5	9	0	5	TO	0	3	11	0
9-	5	8	0	5	9	0	5	10	0	5	11	0	5	12	0	5	x3	0
60.	5	10	0	5	12	0	5	13	0	5	'*4	0	5	x5	0	5	16	0
1.	5	x3	0	5	*4	0	S		0	5	J7	0	5	18	0	5	x9	0
2.	5	16	0	5	17	0	5	18	0	0	0	0	■ 6	1	0	6	2	0
3*	5	J9	d	6	1	0	6	2	0	6	3	0	6	4X>		6	6	0
4-	6	3	0	6	4	0	6	6	0	6	7	0	6	8	0	<S	10	0
5-	<S	7	0	6	8	0	6	'to	0	6	11	0	6	x3	0	6	x*	0
6.	6	11	0	6	12	0	6	x4	0	6	*5	0 j	6	x7	0	6	18	0
7-	6	*5	0	6	17	0	6	x9	0	7	0	0	7	2	0	7	3	0
' 8.	6	x9	0	7	1	0	7	3	0	7	4	0	7	6	0	7	8	0
9-	7	5	0	7	6	0	7	8	0	7	10	0	7	12	0	7	x4 0	
70.	7	10	0	7	12	0	7		0	7	16	0	7	18	0	8	0	0

4	10	0	4	10	0	4 n		0	4	12	0	4	13	0
4	II	0	4	12	0	4	12	0	4	13	0	4	J4	0
4	12	0	4	13	0	4	I4	0	4	H	0	4	*5	0
4 >4 o			4	'4	0	4 >5		0	4	16	0	4	>7	0
4	15	0	4	16	0	4 17		0	4	n	0	4	18	0
4	17	0	4	18	0	4	18	0	4,	29	0	5	0	0
4	l8	0	4	*9	0	5	0	0	5	1	0	s	2	0
5	O	0	5	I	0	5	2	0	J	3	0	5	3	0
5	2	0	5	3	0	5	4	0	5	5	0	5	5	0
S	4	0	5	5	0	5	6	0	S	6	0	S'	7	0
S	6	0	$	7	0	s	8	0	S	9	0	S	s10	Q
5	8	0	5	9	0	5	10	0	5	11	0	5	12	O
$	10	0	5	11	0	5	12	0	5		0	5		O
5	12	0	5	13	0	S	14	0	5	>5	0 ,	5	16	O
5	ij	0	5	16	0	5	*7	0 .	5	18	0	5	*9	O
5	17	0	5	J9	9	6	0	0	6	1	0	6	2	O
6	0	0	6	1	0	6	3	0	6	4	0	6	5	O
6	4	0	6	5	0	6	6	0	6	8	0	6	9	O
6	7	0	6	9	0	6	10	0	6	11	0	6	13	O
6	11	0	6	13	0	6		0	6	15	0	*6	17	O *
6	15	0	6	17	0	6 18		0	7	0	0	7	1	O
7	0	0	7	2	0	7	3	0	7	5	0	7	6	0
7	5	0	7	7	0	7	8	0	7	10	0	7	12	O
7	9	0	7	11	0	7 *3		0	7 >5		0	7	16	0
7	*5	0	7	17	0	7	19	0	8	1	0	8	3	0
8	2	0	8	4	0	8	6	0	8	8	0	■ 8	9	0



NO

VO

•tH	‘III	030	°8*	rjgogi

,	*	Schedule (E.)—continued*

TABLE, No. 3.' continued.—Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Tw® Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every seioo of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in cafe the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Five Years, but not By more wan Ten Years, at the Time of the Transfer.

1*  %J  c					*  Price of the sSs per Cent. Confolidated orReduced Bank Annuities.														
3 .									76			78							
	71			72	73	74	75’			77					79			8o	
>	and under		and under		and under	and under	and under	and under		and under		and under		and under			and under		
	72.			73-	74-	75’	76.		77-	. 78.		VO		•  O  00			81.		
35-	4	3 0	4	3 0	440	4 4 0	4 5 0	4	5 °	4 <5	O	4 6	O	4	7	0	4	8	0
6.	4	4 0	4	4 0	4 5 0	4 5 0	4 6 °	4	6 0	4 7	O	4 7	O	4	8	0	'4	9	0
7-	4	5 0	4	5 0	4 6 0	460	470	4	7 0	4 8	O	4 8	O	4	9	0	4	10	0
8.	4	5 0	4	6 0	4	4.7 0	480	4	8 0	4 9	O	4 9	O	4	10	0	4	11	0
9*	4	6 0	4	7 0	470	4 8 0	490	4	9 0	4 10	O	4 «	O	4	11	0	4	12	0
40.	4	7 0	4	8 0	490	490	4 10 0	4	10 0	4 ”	O	4 1*	O	4	12	0	4	13	0
1.	4	8 0	4	9 0	4 10 0	4 10 0	4'ii 0	4	*2 O	. 4 ts	O	4 13	O	4	*3	•	4	*4	0
2.	4	10 0	4	10 0	4 11 0	4 12 0	4 12 0	4	13 O	4 13	O	4 14	O	4	*5	0 '	4		0
3*	4	11 0	4	11 0	4 12 0	4 *3 0	4 J3 ©	4	14 O	4	O	4 13	0	4	16	0	4	>7	0
4*	4	X2 O	4	13 0	4 13 0	4 14 0	4 15 0	4	*5 °	4 16	0	4 17	0	4	17	0	41»		0

‘wcnr*	in-03008*	w*d

,D. 1808.'

C. 142

48“ GEO. III.

N.

00000	OOOOOOOOOO	OOOOOOOOOO	■ •
O *-t tTi ■U-J'O	00 O C* « 'ONH M M M M 1	Tj-00 c* NO m VO c4 QO CO ^  M 1 HI M M	
vrj V) •A'O **N	u-j tr> vo *0 ^V© 'O VO VO NO	vono inn^sr**oo 00 00 On	Ov
OOOOO	OOOOOOOOOO	OOOOOOOOOO	0
On O <* i-O	On m ^"VO On •- ^“VO Os	CO VO HI inON'OO'O cv On  M M *' M M HI	NO  1
*0 *Ov^vj	no 'O'Oio'O *ovo VO VO VO	NOO rs^t^ 4^00 » 00 00	On
6 0 0 0 0	OOOOOOOOOO	OOOOOOOOOO	0
•D O H  Mi	tsOsw m VOQO O en \000 M m _m m	« VJO cnoo t^^to n  MM MM H^ M	VCN
+ 'O'O'O'O	vj'OV^'Oio 10 VO VO VO NO	NO NO NNNh 4n00 00 OO	ON
0 0 0 0 3“	OOOOO O' OOOO	OOOOOOOOOO	0
0\« « ^ H m	NO 00 O N ^-NO\« ^-4>h  M M M M M	m ^00 ISN N on 00 Ar\ H H H MM M	C4i
	'O'O VO NO	NO NO VO 4^ 4^ r-oo cc 00	ON  •
00000	OOOOOOOOOO	OOOOOOOOOO	. 0
X^x 0 h « # -* ■*	vrj m 6k m «^VO 00 1 crjVQ  M M M M	0\ cn h voo^H,i\n  MM MM M	M
^ v\*ou%	vq vr> no Lr, v^NO O NO	NO NO VO 4>- »>• rs. rnOO 00 00'	On
00000	OOOOOOOOOO	OOOOOOOOOO	0
NO O* ON M <*  H H H	t*-no oo0«vomo«u>  M M M m	GO m VO ON ^ ON Tt* 0 VJN  H^ M M M M	ON
t*- t*- tri i^\	**\ \r> v.-) v/n vc »^no NO VO	NO n6 NO NO 4s 4^00 00 00	00
OOOOO	ooo{ 0000000	OOOOO ^O OOOO	0
r-'QO 0 H  M M HI	•O C"* CN M '^'O Ot^ ^  M HI M M	ri. 0 ^OO C4 N CJlQG cn O  M M M m -M M	N  M
^ **■ ^ u^»o	v<0 vi-j vrj vrj vrj u-j un v^jVO VO ■	NO NO NO NO m. 4-H ri t>*00 00	00
OOOOO	OOOOOOOOOO	OOOOOOOOOO	0
'-nvo OO OSH'  11 — M *>•	erj rj-vo 00 O *0 vr,00 O co m m m m	NO Ol CO 4*1 M 'O HI V© M 00 mm mm	w>  M
*4r nh ^ *0	VH to lf\ Vo No Lo'O VO	NO NO NO VO rslNJs. r^OO 00	00
OOOOO	OOOOOOOOOO	OOOOOOOOOO	0 •
'■’+■ Ir\ r-100 O -  •1 M M i—	C* WJ 10 On N rt r^OO M HI HI HI M	incc « i^o on vo O vo  M IM . —	cr>'  M
^ ^	VJVO	NO VO VO NO 4^ I>4>»4^00 00	GO
OOOOO	OOOOOOOOOO	OOOOOOOOOO	0 ’
PPJ u-i'O ON  M M M M M	hi co ^j-vO 00 ►" c^vo r-* 0  M M M M	crjvo 0 tJ-oo cnoo «noo <*■  M M M MM	M  M
* * V	‘O^'O'O^vj^vo Vo VO	NO NO O NO NO t-.4^tn 4^00	* GO
'O'O r^oo on	6 H « «o 4- VOO 4^00 ON VO	6 M N W)4 vrjvd 4>aQ0 ON VO	d  4v

Schedule (TZ.)-~continued. .	g

TABLE, No. 4.—Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives* and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will he payable for every eSioo of Stock- transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in cafe the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Ten Years, but not by more than Fifteen Years, at the Time of the Transfer.

bm  U			Price of the sS$ per Cent. Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities.											
9  ‘SJ	60	61		62	63	64	«5	66		67		68	69	7°
&  < '	and under 6l.	and under  62.	and under  63-		and under 64.	and under  *s-	and under 66.	and under  67.	and under 68.		and under 69.		and under 7°.	and under  71*
35-	3 18 0	3 *9 0	4	0 0.	.400	•  4 X 0	4 1 0	4 20	4	2 0	4	3 0	4 40	440
6.	3 19 0	400	4	0 0	410	4 * 0	420	4 3 0	4	3 0	4	4 0	440	450
1•	400	4 1 0	4	1 0	420	420	4 3 0	440	4	4 0	4	5 0	4 5 0	460
8.	410	4x0	4	2 0	4 3 0	4 3o	440	450	4	5 0	4	6 0	460	4 7 0
9-	430	420	4	3 0	440	4 4 0	45a	460	4	6 0	4	7 0	470	480
40.	4 3 0	4 3 0	4	4 0	0 ^1	450	460	470	4	7 0	4	,8 0	490	490
1.	4 4 0	440	4	5 0	460	460	470	480	4	8 0	4	9 0	4 10 0	4 to 0
2.	4 5°	450	4	6 0	470	470	480	490	4	10 0	4	10 0	4 11 0	4 12 0
3-	460	460	4	7 ©	^ 10	4 9 0	490	4 10 0	4	11 0	4	11 0	4 12 0	4 13 0
4*	4 7 0	4N« 0	4	8 0	490	4 10 0	4 IX 0	4 XI 0	4	12 0	4	13 0	4 13 0	4 14 0
5-	480	490	4	xo 0	410 0	.4 11 0	4 12 0	4 *3 0	4	13 0	4 14 0		4 IJ 0	4 16 0

C. 14*; *	48®	GEO.	Ill:	A.D.1808.

6.	4	9 «f		4	10	0	4	II	0	4	12	O	4	12	•
7-	4	II	0	4	11	0	4	12	0	4 *3		O	4		0
8.	4-	12	0	4	*3	0	4	14	0	4 *s		O	4	*5	0
9-	4	13	0	4	*4	0	4	15	0	4	16	0	4	17	0
So.	4	l5	0	4	16	0	4	J7	0	4	18	0	4	19	0
i.	4	*7	0	4	18	0	4	19	0	4.	*9	0	5	0	0
2.	4	18	0	4	*9	0	5	0	0	5	1	0	S	2	0
s-	5	0	0	5	1	0	s	a-	0	5	3	0	5	4 ©	
4-	S	a	0	5	3	0	5	4	0	5	5	0	5	6	0
5-	5	4	0	3	5	0	5	6	0	5	7	0	5	8	0-
6.	5	6	0	5	7	0	5	8	0	5	9	0	5	IO O	
7-	5	8	0	5	9	0	S	11	0	5	12	0	5	13	0
8.	5	IT	0	5	12	0	5	»3	0	5		0	5	l6	0
9-	5		0	5	J5	0	5	16	0	5	17	0	5	l9	0
6o.	5	*7	0	5	18	0	J	*9	0	6	1	0	6	2	0
i.	5		0	6	1	0	6	2	0	6	3	0.	6	5	0
9.	6	3	0	6	4	0	6	6	0	6	7	0	6	8	0
3-	6	7	0	6	8	0	6	10	0	6	11	0	6	12	c
*•	6	11	0	6	ia	0	6	x4	0	6		0	6	17	0
5-	6	H	0	6	16	0	6	17	0	6	>9	0	7	0	0

4 *3 0		4	H  O  1		4 *5	0	4	15 O	4	l6	0	417		0
4 15 0		4 IS		0	4 16	0	4	17 O	4	l8	0	4		0
4	16 0	4	»7	0	4 18	0	4	19 O	5	O	0	5	0	0
4	18 0	4'19		0	S o-o		5	O O	s	I	0	5	2	0
419 0		5	O	0	S 1	0	5	2 O	5	3	0	5	4	0
5	1 0	S	a	0	S 3	0	5	4 0	S	5	0	s	6	0
5	3 0	5	4 0		5 S	0	5	6 0	s	1	0	s	8	0
5	5 0	5	6 0		S 7	0	5	8 0	5	9	0	5	10	0
5	7 0	S	8	0	5 90		S	11 0	S	12	0	5 *3		0
5	9 0	S	10	0	5 >*	0	s	12 0	5	*3	0	S >4		0
5	11 0	5	id	0	s 13	0	5	15 °	5	16	0	5 i7		0
5	14 0	5	J5	0	5 *6	0	5	17 0	S	*9	0	6	0	0
5	17 0	S	28	0	5 *9	0	6	0 0	6	1	0	6	3	0
6	0 0	6	1	0	6 z	0	6	4 0	6	5	•	6	6	0
6	3 0	6	4 0		6 6	0	6	7 0	6	8	0	6	9	0
6	6 0	6	7 0		6 9	0	6	10 0	6	11	0	6	13	0
6	10 0	6	11	0	6 ij 0		6	14 0	6	15 0		6	*7	0
6	14 0	6	15 ©		6 17	0	6	18 0	7	0	0	7.	1	0
6	18 0	7	0	0	7 *	0	7	3 0	7	4	0	7	6	0
7	2-0	7	4 0		7 5 0		7	7 0	7	8	0	7	10	0

A«D» 1808ft	GEO.	III*	C.	148*

Schedule (E.)—	.

TABLE, No. 4. continued,—Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer-Liver of them, which will be payable for every 100 of Stock transfeired, according to the Average Price thereof, in cafe the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the yodnger Nominee by more than Ten Years, but not by more than Fifteen Years, at the Time of the Transfer.

w			Price of the s€ 3 per Cent. Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities.									
c  3 .  ? v  £*3	71	72	73	74	75	76	77		78	79		80
	and under	and under	and undei	and under	and under	and under	and under		and under	and under	and under	
<	72.	-73-	74-	75-	76.	77*	78,	»	. 79- .	80.		81.
35*	0  VO	4 5 0	460	4 7 0	470	480	4 «	0	4 9 0	4 9 0	4	10 0
6.	460	4 60	470	4 7 0	4 8 0	490	4 9	0	4 10 0	4 10 0	4	II 0
7-	4 7 0	470	480	480	490	4 10 0	4 10	0	4 11 0	4110	4	12 O
8.	480	480	4 9 0	49O	4 10 0	4 11 0	4	0	4 12 0	4 13 0	4	13 b
9-	490	490	4 10 0	4 11 0	4 11 0	4 12 0	4 13	0	4 13 0	4 14 0	414 0	
40.	4 10 0	4 11 0	4 11 0	4 12 0	4 12 0	4 13 0	4 14	0 „	'4 14 0	4ij 0	4	16 0
1.	4 11 0	4 I2'o	4 12 0	4 ^3 0	4 14 0	4 14 0	4 15	0	4 16 0	4 16 0	4	17 0
2.	4 12 0	4 x3 0	4 14 0	4 14 0	4 *5 0	4 16 0	4 16	O	4 17 0	4 18 0	4 x9 0	
3-	4 *4 0	4 Ho	4 15 0	4 16 0	4 16 0	4 x7 0	4 18	0	4 19 0	4 19 0	5	0 0
4- „	4 *5 0	4 16 0	4* 16 0	4 17 °	4 18 0	4 19 0	4	0	500	5 1 0	5	2 0
5.	4 16 0	4 *17 ®	4 18 0,	4 ®	4 19 0	5 00	5 *	0	5 a 0	5 a 0	5	3 0

48° GEO. Ill,	A.D.	1808.

0	0,	0	O	0	0	O	O	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	•	0	O	0	°
V)	rs	Os	*4	CO	VO	00	P	CO	Vi	00		vo	00	«	VO	M	VO	M	VO 1
			14		-*•	■4					M	*4	14			**			
to	>0	vo	vo	v>	VO	vo	vo	vo	vo	VO	VO	vo	vo	ts	rs	rs	ts	00	00
0	0	0	O	O	0	0	0	0	0	‘ O	O	0	0	d	O	0	O	0	0
	>0	00	0	0	■+	IS	os	N		rs	O	co	IS	M		os		0	<4- !
			M	M	s	M	M				M	>4	M						
to	vo	V)	V)	to	vo	VO		VO	vo	VO	VO	VO	VO	is	rs	<s	rs	.00	00 !
0	0	0	O	0	O	O	0	0	0	O	O	0	0	O	O	0	0	0	0
co		tN	Ov	M	CO	VO	00	*4	CO	vo	OS	(S	vo	O	co	00	co	00	CO
				* M	H	s	•4					M	14						
		»0	Vi	V)	vo	VO	'to	vo	vo	VO	vo	VO	vo	ts	ts	ts	rs	0	00
O	0	O		O	O	O	0	0	0	O	0	0	0	0	O	O	O	0	O
«o	«4-	VO	00	O	c*	vo	rs	0	W4	*	0B	M	to	os	N	ts	X >4	IS	M
					M	M	M					**	"*	Hi			H	14	
to		vj	Vi	Vi	VO	*0	to	VO	vo	VO	vo	VO	vo	VO	is	r>	rs	is	00
O	0	O	O	0	O	O	0	O	0	O	0	0	0	O	0	O	O	0	0
n	M	iO	is	ov	►4	-t*	vo	Os	0 •	co	VO	0	CO	r»	0	VO	O	vo	0
					■4	M	M	Hi				M		M			*4	HI	
' to	Vi	VO	Vi	to	vo	vi	tO	vo	vo	vo	VO	VO	vo	VO	IS	ts	rs	IS	QO
0	O	O	0	O	O	O	O	O	0	0	O	O	0	O	6	O	O	0	O
H	CO	4$-	VO	OO „	Hi	CO	vo	OO	OS	M	VO	os	c*	VO	Ov	*4-	00	CO	OO
					M	M	M	*•	M				M	14	Hi			M	Hi
V)	vo	vi	Vi	Vi	vo	VO	tO	VO	VO	VO	VO	vo	VO	VO	VO	ts	ts	ts	rs
O	0	O	O	, 0	O	O	O	O	0	O	0	0	0	O	0	0	0	O	O
O	n		VO	rs	O	c*		K	GO	M	<4-	is		vo	CO	CS	rs	«	VO
					M	M	H	M	14				**	M	c*			Hi	M
' vo	vi	Vi	vi	vo	*o	VO	•>	V»	to	VO	v*	VO	vo	VO	0	ts	ts	rr	IS
0	O	0	O	O	0	O	O	•	0	O	O	O	0	O	0	O	0	0	O
0	M	CO	Vi	ts	C?\	M	CO	VO	ts	O	«i	vo	0	<0	rs	M	VO	0	VO
*4						*4	M	■*	M				Hi						
	*o	Vi	vi	V)	vo	*0'	VO	to	vo	VO	vo	vo	VO	VO	vo	rs	ts	rs	ts ,
																			4*
O	0	0	O	0	O	0	O	0	O	O	0	0	O .	0	0	0	O	0	O
Os	0*	a		VO	0*	0	e*	to	VO	Os	cs	vo	OS	(S	to	O	-4-	os	CO
M						M	M	M		HI				►4	*4				M
	>0	V)	vo	V)	VO	vi	VO	VO	vo	to	vo	VO	vo	VO	VO	ts	ts	r*	ts
O	O	0	O	0	O	O	O	O	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	O	O
OO	OS	M	CO.	vo	Is	OV	M	"4*	VO	00	M		is	14	+	00	CO	rs	f*
	H						>4	• H		14				, «4	H	M			*4
*		Vi  1	vo	vo	vo	VO	VO	VO	VO	to	vo	vo	VO	vo	vo	VO	rs	ts	ts
										•									
vd		00	6\	d  Vi	H	C$	CO		to	VO		00	OS	>g	M	«	CO	4*	in

Schedule. (E).«—continued,	.

TABLE, No, 5.—Shewing the Anvvu Amount of Lire AnnviTiae granted on the Continuance of Two Live*.

and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every sgioo of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in cafe the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Fifteen Years, but not by more thin Twenty Years, at the Time of the Transfer.

V  2	Price of the s@3 per Ceqt. Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities.																			
3  cr v 'o ““		60		61  and under				62			63	64	65		66	67	68	69		70
V  to	and under				62		and under			and under		and under	and under	and under		and under	and under	and under		and under
<		6l.						63-		64.		65.	66.		67.	68.	69.	7°.		7U
35®	4	0	O	4	I	0	4	1	O  /	4	2 O	430	4 3 0	4	4 ©	446	4 5®	460		460
6.	4	X	0	4	2	0	4	2	O	4	3 0	440	440	4	3 0	450	460	4 7	O	4 7 0
7-	4	2	0	4	3	0	4	3	O	4	4 0	4 4®	4 5 0	4	6 0	4 60	4 7°	4 8	O	480
8.	4	3  j	0	4	3	0	4	4	0	*	5 0	450	460	4	7 0	4 7 0	480	4 9	0	4 90
'9-	4	4	0	4	4	0	4	5	0	4	6 0	470	470	4	8 0	4 9 0	490	4 to	0	4 11 O
40.	4	s	0	4	6.	0	4	6	0	4	7 0	480	480	4	9 0	4 10 0	4 10 •	4 ti	0	4 12 O
1.	4	6	0	4	7	0	4	7	0	4	8 0	490	490	4	10 0	4 11 0	4 12 0	4 t2	0	4*3 0
2.	4	7	0	4	8	0	4	8	0	4	9 0	410 0	4 11 0.	4	11 0	4 12 0	4 13 0	4 «4	0	4 14 0
3-	4	S	0	4	9	0	4	10	0	4	xo 0	4110	4 12 0	4	13 0	4 14 0	4 14 o-	4 *5	0	4 16 0
4-	4	9	0	4	10	0	4	11	0	4	12 0	413 ©	4 13 0	4	14 0	4 »5 0	4 16 0	4 16	0	4 17 0

8°8r TTY	to	*030	.8*

A.D. 1808;	48°	GEO.	nti	C.	14a.'	5*7

0	O,	O	O	O	O	0 ,	O	0	0	O	0	0	O	•	0
o\	O	d	*	'O	<P	0	CO		vo	OV	d	vo	00 ,	d	vo
						X	X	X	X	X				M	X
	*0	*o	»0	*0	VO	VO	vo	VO	VO	Vo	VO	VO	VO	VO	VO
0	O	0	O	0	O	O	0	0	O •	0	0	O	O	0	0
CO	O	X	•O	*0	IN,	Ov	d	«o	vo	00	X		‘ fN	0	
X							X	X	X	X				X	X
T*	VO		V)	Vo	VO	VO	VO	VO	vo	VO	VO	VO	vo	VO	vo
O	O	O	O	0	0	O	O	O	O	0	O	0	0	0	0
r-	Os	X	d	*■	VO	00	M	X	*■	■IN,	OV	d	vo	OV	<0
X	M						M	M	X	**	X				X
		»0	vj	w»	Vo	VO	*0	vo	VO	y>	VO	vo	VO	v>	vo
O	O	• O	O	' O	0	O	O	0	O	0	O	0	0	0	0
vo	00	O	M	CO	VO	in.	O	0	CO	'O	00	X	Vo	ot>	*4
M							M		M	. **	X				X
		*0	VO	VO	Vo	*0	*0	*0	VO	vo	»o	VO		VO	vo
0	0	0	O	0 ,	0	O	O	0	O	O	0	0	0	0	0
VO	IN	o\	O	O	+	VO	Ov	Ov	N«C		IN	0	CO	IN.	p
X	X	X							X	X	. X				X
	*■		»o	VO	VO	Vo	VO	vo	VO	vo	VO	vo	VO	vo	VO
O	O	0	O	O	'0	0	O	0	O	0	O	O	O	0	O
, *0	VO	00	O	X	co	Vo	00	00	X	<0	VO	OV	d	VO	Ov
X	H	X		-*					X	*•	x-	X			
'*■			w>	VO	VO	Vo	VO	vo	■ Vo	Vo	vo	vo	VO	vo	vo
0	O	0.	O	O	0	0	O	0	O	0	O	O	0	0	0
’’t*	*0	fN	Ov		d		IN,	tN	O	d	vo	00	X	*-	IN.
X	M	X							X	X	X				
	*■		. «-	VO	VO	VO	W vo	vo	vo	VO	vo	»o	vo	vo	vo
O	O	O	0	0	0	0	O	0	O	O	O	O	0	0	0
	V)	VO	00	0	M	<0	VO	vo	On		*■	vc	ov	CO	vo
	X	M	M							X	X	**	X		
*				»o	VO	VO	vo	vo	•O	Vo	vo	VO	*0	0	vo
O	0	O	O	O	0	0	O	0	O	0	O	O	O	•	0
d	Th	*0	*N	Ov	M	d	Vo	*0	00	0	CO	VO	*00	H	vo
X	M	X	X	M						X	X	X	X		
*		-*■		*■ •	Vo	vo	vo	vo	vo	vo	vo	Vo	vo	JL	vo
O	O	0	O	O	0	0	O	0	O	0	0	0	O	0	0
(1	«0		vo	00	0	x	CO	*-	vo	OV	X	rf-		0 .	CO
X		X	M	X							X	X	' X		
		*			Vo	*0	Vo	vo	vo	VO	vo	Vo	VO	\VO	vo
O	O	O	O	0	0	O	0	O	O	0	0	0	O	0	0
x		<+	•O	IN	Ov	X	d	*0	Vo	00	0	CO	VO	Ov	d
H	M	H	M	X	M							X	X	*4	
*				*■	*	VO	Vo	Vo	vo	Vo	lo	vo	VO	vo	VO

\o vo	CN. 00	6v 6 X	d	4 v^ VO	h. Ob	Ov O
		■ ■ - 					VO

Schedule (Econtinued.

TABLE, No. _J. continued,—Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which,will be payable for every jfe ioo of Stock transferred, according * to the Average Price thereof, in cafe the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than fifteen years, but not by tnore than Twenty Years, at the Time of the Transfer.

e«					Price of the *£3 per Cent. Confolidated of 1										Reduced Bank Annuities.										
5 .  SjS  0 *■*’  t-  30  <	7*  and under  7*-		, 72  and under  73-			73 J  and under  74-			74  , and under  75-			75  and under  76.		76  and under  77*		77  and under  78.		78.  and under  79*		79  and under  . 80.			80 . and under 8l.		
35*	4 7	O	4	7	0	4	8	0	4	9	0	4 9	O	4 10	0	4 10	O	4 n	O	4	12	0	4	It	0
6.	4 8	O.	4	8	O	4	9	0	4	10	0	4 ia	O	4 1*	0	4 **	O	4 i*	O	413		o’	4	13	0
7-	4 9	0	4	10	0	4	10	0	4	11	0	4 11	O	4	0	4 i *3  ✓	O	4 13	O	414		0	415.		0
8.	4 10	0	4	11	0	4	11	0	„ 4	12 ‘	c	4 13	e	4 *3	0	414	O	4 «S.	0	415		0	4	l6	0
9*	4 “	0	4	12	0	4	*3	0	4		0	4 14	0	4 15	0	415	O	4 16	0	4	17.	0	4	17	0
40.	4 13	0	4	13	c	414.		0	4	*5	0	4 15	0	4 16	0	417	0	4 i7	0  4	4	18	0 ,	4,	.»9	0
r.	4 14	0	4 »5		0	• 415		0	4	16	0	4 I?	0	4 17	0	4' 18	p	4' 19	0	4 *9		0	s	p	0
2.	4 IJ	0*	4	16	0	.4	17	0	4	17	0	4 j8	©	4 T9	0	5* 0	0	5 0	0	5	I	0	5	2	c
3-	4 17	0	417		0	4	18	0	4	'9	0	5 0	0	5 0	0	5 *	0	5 »,	0	5	3	0	S	3	0
4*	4 18	0	4	19	0	5	0	0	5	0	0	5 1	0	5 2	0	S 3	&	r 3	0	S	4	0	5	5	0



n

•

H

4* w 1 *

>

V

p

M

OO

O

09

•

$■	5	o	©	5 O	O	5	i	0	s	2	0	5	3	0
6.	5	i	o	5 . a	©	5	3	0	5	' 4	0	$	5	0
7-	'5	3	o	5 4	0	5	5	0	5	6	0	5	6	0
8:	5	.5	o	5 0	0	5	7'	0	s	8	o~	5	8	0
9	5	7	o	GO	0	5	9	0	5	10	0	s	n	0
5°-	5-	9	o	5 IO,	0	5	11	©	S	12	0	5	13	0
i.	5	ii	o	5 ia	0	5	*3	0	5	H	0	S	>5	0
. 2.	5	J4	o	5 15	e	5	16	0	5	17	0	5	18	0
3-	5 >5		o*	5 *5	0	5	*7	0	5	18	0	5	Ov	0
4-	5	i7	o	5 j8	0	5	*9	0	6	1	0	6	2	©
$•	6	o	9 o	6 i	0	6	2	0	6	3	0	6	5	0
6.	6	3	0	6 4	0	6	5	0	6	6	0	6	t	0
7-	6	6	o	6 7	0	6	8	0	6	10	0	6	it *	0
8.	6	10	o	6 it	0	6	12	0	6	13	0	6	*5	0
9'	6	13	0	6 14	0	6	16	0	6	l7	0	6	18	0
' 6o.	6	x7	0	6 18	0	7	0	0	7	1	0	7	2	0

s	4'	0	5	4	o-	s	5	O	s	6	0	s	7	0
5	5	0	'5	6	0	5	7	O	5	8	0	5	9	0
S	7	0	5	8	0	.5	9	O	5	10	0	S	11	0
5	9	0	5	10	0	5	IX	O	S	12	0	5	13	0
S	11	0	5	12	0	5	J3	O	5	H	0	5	*5	0
5	*4	0	s	'S	0	S	16	0	S	n	0	.5	18	0
5	16'	0	s	*7	0	5	18	0	5 19		0	6	0	0
5	,J9	O'	6	0	0	6	1	0	6	2	0	6	3	0
6	0	0	6	1	0	6	2	0	6	3	0	6	4	0
6	3	0	6	4	0*	6	5	0	6	6	'O	6	7	0
6	6	0	6	7	0	6	8	0	6	9	0	6	10	0
6	9	0	6	10	0	6	11	0	6	12	0	•  6	13	0
6	12	0	6	J3	0	6		0	6	16	0	6	i7	0
6	16	0	6	17	0	6-	M  00	0	7	0	0	7	1	0
7	0	0	7	X	0	7	a	0	7	4	0	7	5	0
7	4	0	7	5	0	.7	6	0	7	8	0	7	9	0



Oi



. A.D. 190$.	.‘48°	GEO.	ni.

Schedule (E.y—continued*	-

TABLE, No. 6.-*Shewng the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, ^ and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every £ 100 of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in cafe the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Twenty Years, but not by more than Twenty-five Years, at the Time of the Transfer.

O0  §	Price of the £3 per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities.																	
-a	60		61	62	6$		64	65		66		67		6S		69		,7°.
o M	and under		and under	and under	and under		and under	and under		and under		and under		and under		and under		and under
«  bO  <	61	»	62.	*$•			65-	66.		e?.		68	I.	69.		70.		7i-
'35.	4 ft	0	4 3 ©	4 3 0	4 4	O	4 5 0	4 5	0	4 *	0	4 7	0	4 7	0	4 8	0	480
I.	4 3	0	440	4 4 0	*4 S	O	460	4 «	0	4 7	O	4 8	0	4 8	O	4 9	0	4 10 0
7.	4 4	0	4 5 0	4 5 0	4 <	O	4 7 0	4 7	0	4 8	O	4 9	0	4 9	d	4 10	0	4 IO 0
8.	4 5	•	460	4 6 0	4 7	O	4 8 0	4 *	0	4 9	0	4 10	0	4 *0	0	4 I*	0	4 11 0
9*	^4 *	0	4 7 0	4 7 0	4 *	O	4 9 0	4 9	0	4 10	0	4 11	0	4 1*	e	4 **	0	4 13 0
40.	4 7	0	4 I 0	4 9 0	4 4	O	4 *0 0	4 «*	0	4 11	0	4 *».	0	4 13	0	4 14	0	4 14 0
1.	4 8	c	4 9 0	4 10 0	4 10	0	4 II 0	4 **	0	4 13	0	4 11	0	4 14	0	4 15	0	4 16 0
ft.	4 9	0	4 10 0	4H 0	4 1*	O	4 IJ 0	4 13	0	4 *4	0	4 IJ	0	4 *6	0	4 x6	0	4 »7 O
3.	4 11	0	4 ii 0	4 1ft 0	4 *3	O	4 14 0	4 *5	0	4 16	0	4 *4	0	4 *7	0	4 18	0	4 19 0
4*	4 i*	0	4 13 ©	4*4 0	4 *5	O	4 15 0	4 *6	0	4 *7	0	4 >8	0	4 »9	0	5 0	0	500
5.	4 14	0	4 *4 0	4 if 0	4 i4	O	4 17 0	4 18	"0	4 19	0	4 19	0	5 O	0	5 *	0	5 » 0
6.	4 >5	0	4 16 O	4 17 0	4 *8	O	4 19 0	4 19	0	5 °N	0	5 . 1	0	5 *	0	5 3	0	5 4 0
?.	4 17	0	4 18 0	4 19 0	4 *9	O	5 ° Q	5 *	0	S »	0	5 3	0	5 t	0	5 S	0	560
8.	4 *8	0	4 19 0	5 O 0	5 *	O	5 * 0	5 3	0	5 t	0	5 5	0	5 $	0	5 7	0	j 8 0
9-	5 0	0	5 1 6	5 ft o	5 3	0	5 4 0	5 5	0	5 0	0	5 7	0	5 8	o'	5 9	0	j 10 0
5°*	5 *	0	5 ft •	5 3 0	5 *	0	5 S 0	5 «	0	S 7	0	5 8	0	5 9	0	5	0	5 11 0
1.	5 3	0	5 4 0	5 5 0	5 0	0	570	5 «	0	5 9	0	5 *°	0	5	0	5 1*	0	J *J «
1 %	5 5	0	560	5 7 0	5 *	0	5 9 0	5 10	0	5 8*	0	5 *8	0	5 n	0	5 *4	0	J 16 0
3*	5 7	0	580	5 9 0	5 *0	0	511 0	5 H	0	5 >4	0	5 *5	0	5 16	0	3 17	0	J ll «
4-	5 9	0	51x0	5110	5 13	0	S *4 0	5 15	0	5 16	0	* f7	0	5 19	0	6 0	0	* I 0
5*	5	0	5*3 0	5 14 0	5 * 5	•	3 tj 0	J «*	0	5 <9	0	6 0	0	6 t	0	^ «	0	« ♦ «
				— 	.	—	- - -	— — _	—						-					

icil *a*V	i’ll!	'020	*8?

Age of younger Life.

TABLE, No. 6.—continued.

n.

7

8.

9-

4°.

i.

ft.

3

4-

V

8-

r

5°*

f.

ft.

3-

4

5-

	-					Price of the £ j per Cent								• Confolidated or					Reduced Bank Annuities.					
	71			73			73			74	•		75			7(5			77	. 78		79		80 '
^nd under			and under			and under			And under			and under			and under			and under		and under		and under		and unde r
	72.			73*			74			75			j<5.			77-			78.	79'		80,		81.
4	9	o	4	IO	o	4	IO	o	4	11	o	4	Ift	o	4	Ift	o	4	'3 0	4 13	0	4 M	0	4 15 0
4	IO	o	4	11	o	4,	Ift	o	4	12	o	4	*3	o	4	*3	o	4	14 0	4 *5	0	4 »5	0	4160
4	II	o	4	12	o	4	12	0	4	»3	o	4	*4-	o	4	15	o	4	15 0	4 *6	0	4 17	0	4 17 O
	Ift	o	4	13	o	4 *4		o	4	*4	o	4	15	o	4	]6	o	4	17 0	4 17	0	4 18	0	4 19 0
4	>4	o	4	*4	o	4	*5	o	4	16	o	4	*7	0	4	17	o	4	18 0	4 19	0	4 19	0	5 0 0
4	*5	o	4	16	o	4	16	o	4	*7	o	4	18	o	4	*9	0	4	19 0	5 0	0	5 *	0	5 * 0
4	16	o	4	*7	o	4	18	o	4	*9	o	4	>9	o	5	o	o	5	I 0	5 *	0	S *	0	5 3.0
4	18	o	4	'9	o	5	0	o	5	o	o	5	X	0	5	ft	o	S	3 0	5. 3	0	5 4	0	5 5 0
5	o	o	5	o	0	5	i	o	5	ft	o	5	3	o	5	3	o	5	4 0	5 S	0	5 6	0	5 7 0
5	i	o	5	ft	o	5	3	0	5	4	o	J'	4	o	5	5	o	5	6 0	S 7	0	5 8	0	590
5	3	o	5	4	o	5	5	o	5	5	o	5	6	o	5	7	0	5	8 0	5 9	0	5 I®	0	5100
5	3	o	5	5	o	5	6	o	5	7	0	5	8 .	o	5	9	o	5	IO O'	5 11	0	5 **	0	5 ift 0
5	7	o	4	8	o	5	8	o	5	9	0	5	IO	o	*5	it	o	5	ift 0	5 *3	0	5 >4	0	5 15 0
5	9	o	s	IO	o	5	IO	o	5	ii.	o	5	ift	o	£J3		o	5	14. 0	5 15	0	5 ,6	0	5 17 0
5	ii	o	s	12	o	5	*3	o	5	14	o	S	*5	o	5	16	o'	5	17 0	5 *8	0	5 *8	0	5 19 0
5	I* '	o	a	»3	o	5	14	o	5 15		o	5	16	o	5	17	o	5	18 0	5 19	0	6 0	0	610 *
5	H	o	s	*5	o	5	16	o	5	17	o	S	18	o	S	*9	0	6	0 0	6 x	0	6 ft	0	6 3/0
5	*7	o	$	18	o	3	*9	o	6	o	o	6	I	o	6	ft	o	6	3 0	6 4	0	6 5	0	660
*	'9	o	6	o	0	6	j	o	6	ft	o	4	4	o	6	5	0	6	6 0	6 r	0	6 8	0	690
6	2	o	6	3	o	6	4	o	6	3	o	6	6	o	6	8	o	6	9 0	6 ,	0	6 II	0	6 12 0
6	3	0	6	6	•	6	7	0	6	8	0	6	9	G	6	It	0	6	ift 0	6 13 '	0	6 14	0	6 t$ u

■ Schedule (E.y~~continued9

TABLE, No. 7.~Sh$wing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance oi Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every ^100 of Stock transferred, according to the Average Puice thereof, in cafe the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee " by more; than Twenty-five Years, but not by more than Thirty Years at the Time of the Transfer.

o'  3  t						Price of the 4^3 per Cent. Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities.  l																									
bO  5  o		60		61			62			63		64			6S			66			67			68			69			70	
w	2nd under			and under		and under			and under			and un.lei		and undei			and under			r.nd under			and under			and under			md under		
eJJ  <		6l.		62.			63.			64.		0 ;•			66.			67.			68			69	»		70		!	7*	•
——				.																											
35-	4	4	0	4 5	0	4	5	O	4	6	O	4 7	O	4	7	O	4	,8	0	4	9	0	4	9	0	4	IO	0	4	XO	O
4.	4	5	0	4 *	O	4	6	0	4	7	O	4 8	O	4	8	O	4	9	0	4	10	0	4	xo	•	4	XI	0	4	12	O
7.	4	6	0	4 7	0	4	7	0	4	8	O	4 9	O	4	9	O	4	JO	0	4	IX	0	4	12	0	4	12	0	4	*3	O
8.	4	7	0	4 8	b	4	8	0	4	9	O	4 xo	O	4	11	O	4	II	0	4	12	0	4	13	0	4	*3	0	4	*4	0
9*	4	8	0	4 9	0	4	10	0	4	10	O	♦	O.	4	12	0	4	*3	0	4	13	0	4	14	0	4	*5.	0	4	16	0
40	4	9	0	4 IO	0	4	11	0	4	12	,o	4 I*	O	4	»3	O	4	H	0	4	*5	0	4	15	0	4	v6	0	4	*7	0
i.	4	11	0	4, 11	0	4	12	0	4	*3	0	,4 «4	O	4	*5	O	4	*5	0	4	16	0	4	17	0	4	18	0	4	18	0
a.	4	12	0	4 13	0	4	14	0	4	14	0	4 15	O	4	16	O	4	17	0	4	18	0	4	l8	0	4 19		0	s	0	0
3.	4	13	0	4 14	0	4	X 5	0	4	16	0	4 17	O	4	i7	O	4	18	0	4	*9	0	5	O	0	5	X	0	5	2	0
4-	4	15 .	0	4 *fi	0	4	16	0	4	17	0	4 18	O	.4- }f		O	5	0	0	5	t	0	5	2	0	5	2	0	5	3	0
I	4	16	0-	4 »7	0	*4	18	0	4	19	0	S 0	O	5	X	O	S	2	0	5	2	0	5	3	0	5	4	0	5	5	0
6.	4	18	0	4 *9	0	S	0	0 '	5	t	0	5 *	0	5	2	0	5	3	0	5	4	0	5	5	0	5	6	0	5	7	0
7.	5	0	0	5 «	0	5	2	0	5	a	0	5 3	O	5	4	O	5	S	0	5	6	0	5	7	0	5	8	0	5	9	0
8.	5	0	0	5 *	•	5	a	0	5	3	0	5 4	O	5	5	O	S	6	6	5	7	0	5	8	0	5	9	0	3	10	0
9-	5	2	0	* 3	0	5	4	0	5	5	0	5 6		S	7	O	5	8	0	5	9	0	5	10	0	5	11	0	5	12	0
50.	5	4	0	S 5	0	5	*	0	5	7	0	5 B	0	5	9	0	5	xo	0	5  /	11	0	5	1 ?	0	5	>3	0	5	>4	0

"wcrv!	*ni*030o8t	'o

48 Geo. III.

TABLE, No. 7.—continued.

Ji  3  u						Price of the *£3 per Cent. Confolidated												or Reduced Bank Annuities.											
M  C  g	71			72			73			74			79			76			77			78			79			80	
O	:ind under		and under			md under			and under			ind under			and under			and under			and under			and under *			and under		
\	7*-			73-			74-			75			76.			77*			78.			79-			80.			00  *4	
3}*	4 n	0	4	11	0	4	It	0	4	»3	0	4	*4	0	4	14	0	4	*5	0	4	16	0	4	16	0	>	*7	O
6*	4 I*	0	4	13	0	4	H	0	4	14	0	4	*5	0	.4	16	0	4	16	0	4	n	0	4	18	0	4	18	O
7	4 *4	0	4	14	0	4	*5	0	4	16	0	4	16	0 1	4	17	0	4	18	0	4	18	0	4	*9	0	5	0	0
8.	4 *5	0	4	l6	0	4	16	0	4	>7	0	4	18	0	4	18	0	4	*9	0	5	0	0	5	1	0	5	1	O
9-	4	0	4	*7	0	4	18	0	4	*9	0	4	»9	0 .	5	0	0	5	1	0	5	1	0	5	* a	0	5	3	0
40.	4 X*	0	4	18	0	4	*9	0	5	0	0	5	1	0	5	X	0	5	a	0	5	3	0	5	4	0	5	5	0
X.	4 *9	0	5	0	0	S	1	0	5	%	0	5	a	0	S	3	0	5	4	0	5	5	0	S	5	6	5	6	O
a^	5 *	0	5	a	0	5	%	0	5	3	0	S	4	0	5	5	0	5	6	0	5	6	0	5	7	0	5	8	0
3-	5 *	0	5	3	0	S	A	0	5	5	0	5	4	0	J	7	0	5	7	0	5	8	0	5	9	9	5	10	0
4.	5 4	0	S	5	0	5	6	0	5	7	0	5	8	0	S	8	0	5	9	0	5	10	0	S	IK	0	5	is	0
5*	5 «	0	5	7	0	5	8	0	5	9	0	f	9	0	5	XO	0	5	XI	0	5	is	0	5	*3	.0	5	*4	0
6.	5 *	0	5	9	0	5	xo	0	1	XI	0	5	11	0	5	1a	0	5	*3	0	5	14	0	5	*5	0	5	16	0
7.	5 *0	0	5	11	0	5	IS	0	5	*3	0	S	14	0	5	*5	0	S	*5	0	5	16	0	S	17	0	5	18	0
t.	5 xi	0	5 i»		0	5	«3	0	5	14	0	5	15	0	S	15	0	5	16	0	5	*7	0	$	18	0	5	*9	0
9	5 *3	0	5 *4		0	5	>5	0	5	16	0	5	*7	0	5	18	0	5	J9	0	6	O	0	6	X	0	6	a	0'
50.	5 *5	0	5	16	0	5	*7	t>	5 I*		0	5	*9	0	4	0	0	6	X	0	6	a	0	6	3	0	6	4	0



■tfri’O	'HI	‘030	o8v	*S08i*a*V

Schedule (E.)—continued.

TABLE, No. 8.—'Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Live% and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every s€ioo of Stock transferred, aocording to the Average Price thereof, in cafe the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee * b^ mOre th&n Thirty Years, but not by morejhan Thirty-five Years, at the Time of the Transfer.

viJ  .J			Price of the a#3 per Cent. Consolidated  /				or Reduced Bank Annuities.				
tS>  C  3  O	, 60	61	62	63	64	65	• 66	67	68	69	70
'o	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under and under		and under.	,and under	and under
&	6l.	62.	63.	64.	65.	66.	67.	68.	69.	1 7°#	71*
3*	4 6 0	4 6 0	4 7 0	4 8 0	480	4 9 0	4 10 °.	4 11 0	4 11 0	4 12 O	4 13 />
6.	4 7 •	4 80	480	4 9 0	4 10 0	4 10 0	4110	4 12 9	4120	4 13 0	4 H 0
7*	480	490	490	4 xo 0	4 11 0	4 12 0	4 12 0	4 lS 0	4 14 °	4 14 0	4 15 0
8.	.4 9 0	4 10 0	4 11 0	4 II Q	4 12 0	4 13 0	4 14 0	4 14 0	4 15 0	4 16 0	4 16 0
9-	4 10 0	4 11 0	4 1a 0	4 !3 a	4^o	4 14 0	4 15 ©	4 16 0	4 16 0	4 17 0	4 18 0
4°	4 is 0	4 12 0	4 l3 0	4 14 0	4	4 15 0	4 16 0	4 17 0	4 18 0	4 19 0	4 19 0
1.	4 13 °	4 i4 0	4 <4 0	4 lr O	4 16 0	4 17 0	4 i8 0	4 18 0	.4 »9 ©	5 00	S 1 0
2.	4 14 0	4 15 0	4 16 0	4 17 °	4 18 0	4 18 0	4 19 0	5 00	5 1 0	520	520
3-	4 16 0	4 !7 0	4 17 °	4 18 0	4 19 0	5 00	5 « 0	5 20	520	3 3°	5 4 0
4-	4 17 0	4 iS 0	4 19 0	500	5 * 0	520	3 20	5 3 0	540	5 5°	5 60
5-	4 l9 0	500	5 * 0	5 * 0	5 a 0	5 3 0	540	S 5 °	560	5 7 0	580

48° GEO. IIL	A.D.	i$oS«

TABLE, No. 8.—continued.

3			Price of the *£3 per Cent. Confolidated				or Reduced Bank Annuities.								
oO  B  a  o  >*	7l	72	- 73	74	75	76	77		78			7-9		8c	
	and under	and under	and under	and under and under		and under	and under		and under		and under			and under	
So  <	72.	73*	74.	75-	76.	77’	78.		79-		.80.			8l.	
35•	4 13 o	4 14 0	415 ©	_4 *5 0	4 *6 0	4 17 0	417	O	4 18	O	4 19		0	4 19	O
6.	4»j»	4 '5 0	4 16 0	4 *7 0	417 0	4 18 0	419	O	4 19	0	5	O	0	5 a	O
7-	4 16 0	4 *7 0	417 0	4 iS 0	419 0	4 19 0	5 0	O	5 1	0	5	%	0	5 a	O
8.	4 47 0	4 18 0	4 19 -a	4 19 0	500	510	5 »	O	5 *	0	5	3	d	5 4	O
9-	4 1? 0	4 19 0	500	5 1 0	j 3 ©	520	5 3	O	5 4	0	5	5	0	5 5	O
40.	500	5 * 0	530	530	5 3°	5 4i<>	5 5	O	5 6	0	5	6	0	5 7	O
*i. '	5 3 0	3 a 0	5 3®	5 4 0	559	560	5 7	O	5 7	0	5	8	0	5 9	O
2.	5 3®	5 4 O'	5 50	560	579	•5 7 0	5 »	O	5 9	0	5	10	0	5 «	O
3-	5 5 0	5 60	5 7 9	5 7®	580	5 9 0	5 *0	O	5 “	c	5	12	0	5 i3	O
4-	5 7®	3. 8 0	599	5 9 0	s 10 0	5 11 0	5	O	5 i3	0	5	14	0	5 1S	O
3-	5 9®	5 10 0	5 10 0	5 11*0	5 IiO	S *3 9	5 *4	O	S 15	0	5	16	0	5 i7	O

' Schedule (E.)—continued.

TABLE, No. 9.—Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and,the Life of the longer Lfver of them, which will be payable for every 100 of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in cafe the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Thirty-five Years at the Time of the Transfer.

V.  0			Price of the per Gent. Confolidated				or Reduced Bank Annuities.				
2*  §  >>	60	6l	62	63	' 64	6S	66	67	68	69	7®
O	and und«r	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under
SO  <  - t	6l.	62.	63-	64.	65.	66.	67.	68. |	69.	70.  0	71*
3.5'	4 8 0	480	4 9 0	4 10 0	4 10 O	4 11 0	4 12 0	4 13 O	4 *3 0	414 0	4 0
6.	4 9 0	4 9 0	4 10 0	4 11 >o	4 13 0	4 12 O	4 *3 0	4 14 0	4 14 0	4 ij 0	4 0
7-	4 10 0	4 10 0	4 11 0	4 12 0	4 *3 0	4 *3 0	4 14 0	4 ij •	4 16 0	4 id 0	4 17 0
8.	4 11 0	4 via 0	4 12 0	4*3°,	4 14 °	4 15 0	4 *5 0	4 16 0	4 17 0	418 0	4 *9 0
9-	4 10 0	4 13 ©	4 14 0	4 J4 0	4 15 0	4 16 0	4 17 0	4 18 0	4 18 0	419 0	5 00
40.	4 13 0.	4 14 0	4 15 0	4 16 0	4 *7 0	4 17 0	4 18 0	> 4 19 0	500	5 10	5 1 0

Oi

Ov

C. 143.	48°	GEO.	III.	A.D. 1808*

TABLE, Nd. continued.

£			Price of the *£? per Cent. Confolidated				or Reduced Bank Annuities.			
a*  • § O >>  'B	✓  71	72.	73	74	75 .	76	• 77	78	79,	80
	and under	and under	ahd under	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under	and under
<	72.	73-	74-	75-	76.	77-	7S.	79*	80.	8l.
35-	415 0	4 16 0	4 17 0	•*  4 17 0	418 0	4 19 0	4 19 0	500	5 * 0	5 * 0
6.	417 0	4 17 0	4 18 0	4 19 0	419 0	500	5 1 0	J*o	5»o	5.3 0
■7.  <	418 0	4 19 0	4 19 0	500	5 * 0	5 a 0	520	5 3 0	5 4®	3 4 0
8.	419 0	500	S * 0	5 a 0		5 3 0	5 4 0	5 5®	5 5®	560
9-	5 * 0	5*0	5*o	5 3 0	i 40	5 5®	* 5 ®	560	5 7 ©	580
40-	5 » 0	530	s 40	5 50	5 So	560	5 7 0	580	590	5 9 0

Vr»

•3

A.D. 1808.	48°	GEO.	III.	C.	142.

518	Cm I42> 143.	48°	GEO.	m.	A.D. 1808.

SCHEDULE (F.)

FORM of the CERTIFICATE to be granted by the said Officer, in order to enable the Receipt of the Annuity from' Time to Time at the Bank of England.

T DO hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, That it appear* by a Certificate and Affidavit produced to me, conformably to the Provifions of an Aft, passed iu the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An Aft

fbere insert the Titls of this AS] That A, B.	the Nominee

or, in cafe of Two Nominees, one of the Two Nominees] [or, the Survivor of the Two Nominees] deferibed in the Certificate, No.	of	the	Day	of

granted for the Purpofe of enabling the Transfer of 4? 3 per Centum Confolidated [or. Reduced] Bank Annuities, for the . .	Purchafe	of a Life Annuity on the Life of the laid

[or, on the Lives of the faid	and

and the Life of the longer Liver of them] was living on the Day of	on	which	Day	a	Half-yearly	Payment of

the said Annuity became due.

Witnefs my Hand this	Day*	of

SCHEDULE (G.)

FORM of the CERTIFICATE to be granted by the said Officer, in order to enable the Receipt of One-fourth Part of aa Annuity, upon the Death of a Gngie or fur living Nominee.

DO hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Bark of * England, That it appears by a Certificate and Affidavit produced to me, conformably to the Provifions of an Aft, passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His prefect Majesty, intituled. An Aft [here in/2r/ the Ti{le of the Alt'] that A. B. the Nominee [or,

,	in cafe of Two Nominees, the surviving Nominee] deferibed in the

Certificate, No.	of	the	Day	of

granted for the Purpofe of enabling the Transfer of off. 3 per Centum Confolidated [or, Reduced] Bank Annuities, for the rurchafe of a Life Annuity on the Life of the said [or, on the Life of the faid	and

and the Life of the longer Liver of them] died on the Day of

Witnefs my Hind this	Day	of

CAP. CXLIII.

An Aft to repeal the Stamp Duties on Licences granted by Jufticcs of the Peace for felling Ale, Beer, and other Excife-ablc Liquors by Retail \ and for granting other Duties in lieu •	thereof.	[ad	Jtdy 1808.]

Stamp ACt,	* T TJ HEREAS by an Aft passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the

44 G. 3. 90.	« VV * Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An AS to repeal the

(A.J ‘federal Duties under the Commi/Jtoners for managing the Duties upon 4 Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain, and to

‘gnnnt

*	grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof \ certain Stamp Duties 4 were imposed on Licences granted by any Juftice or Justices of

the Peace or other Magiftrate or Magiftrates for felling Ale, Beer,

4 or other Excifeable Liquors by retail: And whereas it is expedient

*	that the said Duties should be repealed, and other Duties granted in 4 lieu thereof, to be placed under the Management of the Coinmiffioners

*	of Excife be it therefore enacted by the King’s molt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament alTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Tenth Day of QQober One thousand eight hundred and eight, all and lingular the said Duties shall cease and determine; lave and except in all Cafes relating to the receiving or paying any Arrears thereof re-fpe&ively, winch may at any Time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on the said Tenth Day of October. One thousand eight hundred and eight.

II.	And be it further enabled, That from and after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, all and every Perfon or Perfons, who shall fell Beer or Ale by Retail, or who shall fell Cyder or Perry, to be drank or consumed in his, her, or their House or Premises, shall, before he, (he, or they shall fell any Beer or Ale by Retail, or any Cyder or Perry, to be drank or consumed in his, her, or their House or Premises, take out an Excife Licence, authorizing such Perfon or Perfons to fell Beer or Ale by Retail, and also Cyder and Perry, to be drank or consumed in his, her, or their House or Premifes ; which Licence shall be granted in Manner herein-after mentioned; (that is to fay) If any such Licence shall be taken out within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excife in London, the fame shall be granted under* the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the Comnrflioners of Excife in England for the Time being, or of such Perfons as they the said Commissioners of Excife or the major Part of them for the Time being shall from Time to Time appoint #or employ for that Purpose; and if any such Licence shall be taken out in any Part of Englandy not within the said Limits, the fame shall be granted under the respective Hands and Seals of the several Colle&ors and Supervifors of Excife within their respective Collections and Diftri&s; and in cafe any such Licence shall be tfcken out within the Limits qf the City of Edinburgh, the fame shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the Commissioners of Excife in Scotland for the Time being; or if any such Licence shall be taken out in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, out of the said Limits of the City of Edinburgh, then the fame shall be granted under the respective Hands and Seals of the several Collectors and Supervifors of Excife in Scotland, within their refpeCtive Collections and DiftriCts ; and the said Commiflioners of Excife in England and Scotland respectively, or any Two or more of them refpedtiv#ly, and the Perfons to be appointed or employed by the said Commiflioners of Excife in England or Scotland refpeCtively, or the major Part of them, and also all such Collectors and Supervifors are hereby refpeCtively authorized and required to grant such Licences to the Perfons who shall apply for the fame, on the Perfon or Perfons so applying, firlt paying for such Licence a Duty of Two Pounds

LI4	Two

Dulles on Licences to fell Ale, &c. under recited Aft repealed.

After 10th Oftoher 1698, in Great Britain, such Licences shall be granted by Commiffionera of Excife at the Head Offices, and by Colleftors in the Country.

Licence Duty til. 2s.

Duty on fnch licences shall be paid to the Head Office* or to the Colle&on.

Duration of licence; 10th O&ober yearly.

Time of taking out licences, in certain Cafes of Charters* &c.

\

Licences (ban be renewed within Ten Days after Inspiration.

Penalty 50l. Eaecutorsand Affignees may nave the Benefit of licences.

Two Shillings* to be applied and accounted for as herein-after directed.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the Duty by this Adi di-re&ed to be paid for such Licences* shall be paid at such Places* or to such Perfons as are herein-after in that Behalf respectively mentioned ; (that is to fay) For Licences which shall be taken out within the Limits of the Chief Office of Extrife iu London, the fame shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excife in London ; and for Licences which shall be taken out within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, the fame shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excife in Edinburgh ; and for Licences which shall be taken out in any1 Part of Great Britain, not within the said respective Limits* the lame shall be paid to the respective Colle&ors of Excife granting such respective Licences; and all Licences which shall be granted under and by virtue of this A6t, to any Perfon or Perfons, to fell Beer and Ale by Retail* and Cyder and Perry* to be drank or consumed in his* her* or their House or Premises, shall remain and continue in force until and upon the Tenth Day of 0Sober next ensuing the Time of granting thereof* and no longer.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That in all Cafe* where the Licence or Authority granted by any J11 dices of the Peacp or Magidratcs* or other competent Perfons* to any Perfon or Perfons to keep a Common Inn, Ale Houfe* or Vi&ualling House, shall under or in pursuance of any Charter, Cudom, or Usage, be issued at any Time ot the Year except in the Month of September % and terminate or expire at any Time of the Year except in the Month of September, then and in every such Cafe the Excife Licence required by this A€t to be taken out tor the Sale of Beer, Ale, Cyder* or Perry, shall be taken out within Ten Days next after the Date of the said Licence or Authority of the Juitices of the Peace, Magidrates* or other competent Perfons* and such Excife Licence shall continue in force for Twelve Calendar Months next ensuing the Date of the Commencement thereof* any Thing in this A& to the contrary in anywise not-withdanding.

V.	And be it further enacted, That no Perfon or Perfons shall fell any Beer or Ale by Retail* or any Cyder or Perry* to be drank or consumed in his* her, or their House or Premifes* after the Expiration of such his* her* or their Excife Licence* unless such Perfon or Perfons shall take out a fresh Licence* for the said Purposes, in the Manner herexn-beforedire&ed within Ten Days after the Expiration ot such former Licence* and so in like Manner renew every such Licence from Year to Year; or if any Perfon or Perfons shall fell any ^>eer or Ale by Retail* or any Cyder or Perry, to be drank or consumed in his* her* or their House or Premises, without fird taking out an Excife Licence* authorizing him* her* or them so to do* or without renewing the fame as is herein in that Behalf directed, he* (he* or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That upon the Death of any Perfon so licensed, or upon the Removal of any Perfon or Perfons so licensed from the entered House or Premifes in which such his, her, or their Excife Licence shall authorize him* her* or them to fell Beer or Ale by Retail, or Cyder or Perry, to be drank or consumed in his, her, of their House or Premises, it shall be lawful for the Com-miffionen rf Excife in England and Scotland respectively for the Time

being.

A.D. i8o3

48° GEO. in

€.143;	j*l

being; or any one or more of thenJ, and to and for the several Col* leCtors and Supervisors of Excife in England and Scotland refpeCtively, within their refpeCtive Colle&ions and Diftri&s, upon the Production of a Certificate of a Juftice of the Peace or Magistrate or other com- ' petent Perfon, given after the Death or Removal of the former Occupier of the House or Premises, approving of the Perfon or Perfons to whom such Certificate shall be given, to authorize and empower such Perfon or Perfon* in like Manner, to fell Beer and Ale by Retail, or Cyder and Pdrry to be drank and consumed in his, her,' or their House or Premises, in the fame House or Premifes where such Perfon so licensed by virtue of such Excife Licence earned on such Trade, during the Refidue of the Term for which such Licence was originally granted, without taking out a new Excife Licence during the Refidue of the said Term : Provided always, that Perfon j trading in Partner-	1

(hip, and in One House or Premifes only, shall not be obliged to take out more than One Excife Licence to fell Beer and Ale by Retail, or Cyder and Perry, to be drank or consumed in his, her, or their House or Premises, in any One Year$ and that no One Licence which shall be granted by virtue of this ACt shall authorize or empower any Perfon or Perfons to fell Beer or Ale by Retail, or Cyder or Perry,	v

to be drank and consumed in his, her, or their House or Premises, iu any other House or Premises, than the House or Premifes in which he, (he, or they shall fell or have fold Beer or Ale, or Cyder or Perry, at the Time of granting such Licence.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That neither His licence* ftcB Majedy *s Commiifioners of Excife in England or Scotland refpeCtively,	h®

nor any Perfons who shall be appointed or employed by the (aid Com- toPcrfw* mi (Honeys in England\ to grant Licences to Perfons for felling Beer	.

or Ale by Retail, or Cyder or Perry, to be di'ank or consumed in the House or Premifes of the Perfon or Perfons applying for such,	,

Licence, nor any of the Colle&ors or Supervisors of Excife, shall grant or deliver any Licence to (ell Beer or Ale by Retail, or Cyder or Perry, to be drank or consumed in the House pt Premifes of the Perfon or Perfons applying for such Licence, or any Licence to fell Spirituous Liquors or itrong Waters or Wine or Liquors by Retail to any Perfon or Perfons who shall not produce a Licence or Authority granted to him, her, or them in due Form of Law, by J u dices of the Feace or Magiilrates, of other competent Perfons, to such Perfon or Perfons to keep a common Inn, Ale House, or V idualling House, and every such Licence or Authority shall be iu the Form following; videlicet,

County of *1 « a T a General Meeting	for

3	‘ the	holden at

*	within the faid	on the	Day	of

*.	for the Purpofc of authorizing and empowering

*	Perfons to keep common Inns, Ale Houses, or Victualling Houks,

*	We	being	His Majefty's Judices of the

*	Peace for the	or Magidratcs of £as the Cafe

4	may be] do hereby authorize and empower, A. B. at the Sign of

*	•	in the	of

*	in the	aforesaid,	to keep a common Inn,' Ale

*	House, or Victualling House, and' to utter and fell in the Houfe

*	in which he now dwelleth, and in the Premifes thereunto belonging,

*	and not elfewhere, ViCtuals, and all such Excifeable Liquors as he

•(hall

Form of

Magtftratefr

Allowance.

A-D. 1808.



S»

\

Saw me for Hesitations aa to licences by Ma^illrttes, in Cu/parat'kons, &c,

Clerks to Justices may take Frear aa hereto! ore.

Perfons disabled from keeping Ale Houfes by CovnrKftion, ihall • thereby forfeit licence under this Act.

C* 143*	480	GEO.	III.

4 shall be ficenfed and empowered to fell under the Authority and ? Permiflion of any Excife Licence which shall be duly granted by 4 the Commiilioners of Excife, or Perfons to be appointed or employed * by them for that Purpose, or by any Collector and Superviforof Ex-4 cue refpefttvely, provided that the true Affize in Bread, in Beer, 4 Ale, Cyder, and all other Liquors, be duly kept, and that no un« 4 lawful Game or Games, or any Drunkeqnefs or other Diforder, be 4 suffered in his House, Yard, Garden, or Premises, but that good 4 Order and Rule be maintained and kept therein, according to the 4 Laws of this Realm in that Behalf made: The Authority a:.d 4 Power hereby granted to continue in force for One whole Year from 4 the	Day	of	and no longer. Signed.’

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or alter or in any Manner to affect any Law or Laws or any Provifion in any Charter or Charters or any Privilege of any City or Town Corporate or of any Univerfity now in force, or lawfully used or exerciLd, in relation to the granting of Licences by any Justices, Magiilrates, or other Perfons authorized by Law to grant Licences for Perfo.is keeping common Inns, Ale Huufes or Victualling Houses; or in relation to the taking of any Recognizances upon granting of any such Licences, or requiring or doing any other Aft, Matter, or Thing relating to any such Licences: Save and except as to the Payment of Duties and Form of Licence as aforesaid, or to repeal or alter any Aft or Afts of Parliament as to the Sale of Table Beer at a Price not exceeding Three Halfpence per Quart.

44 Licences granted before OSober 10, 1808, shall continue in full 44 Force for the Term for which granted. § 9.”

X.	And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend to diminish or alter any Fees heretofore lawfully taken and received by' any Clerks of any Juflices or Magiilrates; but it shall be lawful to continue to demand and take such and the like Fees, and no other or different Fees, for Licences to keep any /common Inn, Ale House, or Victualling House, as have heretofore been taken by such Clerks in that Behalf.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That every Perfon having any Licence to keep a common Iun. Ale House, or Victualling House, who shall be disabled by*any Conviction from keeping a common Inn, Ale House, or Victualling House, shall also by such Conviction be disabled from felling any Beer or Ale by detail, or Cyder or Perry, to be drank or consumed in his, her, or their House or Premises, under any Excife Licence obtained for such Purposes; and every such Excife Licence shall from the Time of such Conviction be null aud void to all Intents and Purposes; and in all Cafes of Prcfecution cf any such Perfons, whose Excife Licences Hull have become null acd void by such Conviftlon, a Certificate from the Clerk of the Peace, or Perfon acting as such, of any luch Conviftion, shall be legal Evidence 5 which Certificate such Clerk of the Peace, or other Pcrion, is hereby authorized and required to grant on demand, without F^e or Reward.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Aft, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by filth Ways, Means, or Methods as any Fine, Penalty,

or

Rrforery and

Application of penalties.

A.D.i8off.

4^ GEO. Ill*	C«	14$)

or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Aftion of Debt, Bill* Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wefiminfisr^ or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively 5 and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succelfors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the fame.

44 Powers of former Excife Afts extended to this Aft. $ 13. Duties 41 shall be carried to Confolidatcd Fund of Great Britain. § 14.”

CAP. CXLIV.

An Aft for the more effectual Proteftion of Oyfter Fifheries and the Brood of Oyfters in England* [ad July 1808.]

4 TT7HEREAS an Aft of Parliament palled in the Thirty-firft 4 VV Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An AS 4 for bet Ur protecting the federal OyJIer Fifheries within this* Kingdom : 4 And whereas the Provifions of the said Aft have been found inade-4 quate to the Proteftion of the Oyfter Fifheries of this Kingdom : * And whereas Doubts have arisen, since the palling of the said Aft, 4 whetherithe taking Oyfters or Oyfter Brood from any Oyfter Bed 4 or Laying, or from any Oyfter Fifhery, can under any Circuxnftances 4 be deemed Felony, and puniftiable as such .* And it is therefore ex-4 pedient and nfccefiary that more effectual Provifton should be made 4 tor the Proteftion of the Oyfter Fifheries, and for removing such 4 Doubts as aforesaid: Miiy it therefore please Your Majesty that it 4 may be declared and enaftedand be it declared and enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That every Perfon who {hall at any Time after the First Day of Augufl One thousand eight hundred and eight, knowingly and wilfully Ileal, take, and carry away any Oyfters or Oyfter Brood from any Oyfter Bed, or Oyfter Laying, or Oyfter Fifhery, being the Property of any Perfon or Perfons or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, and sufficiently marked out as such, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall and may be transported for any Term not exceeding Seven Years, or be imprisoned and kept to hard Labour in any Common Gaol or House of Correction, or Penitentiary House, or imprisoned only for any Term, not exceeding Three Years; as the Court before whom any such Perfon shall be conviftcd may adjudge.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall exteud or be construed to extend to subject or make liable any Perfon or Perfons to the Penalties of this Aft who shall take or carry away any Oyfter or Oyfter Brood from any Oyfter Bed, Oyfter Laying, or Oyfter Filhery, wherein such Perfon or Perfon9 shall have or claim to have a Right to take and carry away such Oyfters, or Oyfter Brood.

III.	4 And whereas Doubts may arise in what Parifh or County 4 any Oyfter Beds, Layings, or Fifheries are situated, and on that 4 Account Difficulties may occur in bringing Offenders to Juftice be it therefore further enafted* That it shall be sufficient in any In-diftment under this Aft, or under the said recited Aft ot the

4	Thirty-

sn

si G.s.s.*1.

Penalty on Perfons Healing Oyfters or Oyfter Brood from Oyfter Beds, Felony, puniftiable by 'JTra importation, &c.

Proviib for Perfons claiming Right.

Parilh need not be named in Indi&ments, and Offence may be laid in the County where Indi&rnent is preferred.

A.D. i8o8.

524	C. 144,	48° GEO. III.

TJurty-firft Year afcfresaid, to describe, either by Name or other-wife, the Bed, Laying, or Fifhery in which the Offence shall hare been committed, without fitting the fame to be in any particular Pariflt; and where the Offence 1* committed on the Border of any County, so as to make it difficult to ascertain the County, such Offence may be stated to have been committed in the County in which the Indictment shall be preferred, being either the County in which the Offence was committed, or the adjoining County.

IV.	4 And whereas it is dqubtful whether Judices of the Peace 4 for Towns Corporate, Boroughs, or other Places, and not being . * Counties of themselyes, and having special or exclusive Jurifdiftions, 4 can aft by virtue of the Statute of the Thirty-fird Year aforesaid Jufticci for be it therefore enacted and declared, That it shall be lawful for such Towns, Sic. mty Jijftices to aft in all Cafes arising within their respective Jurifdiftions “ Jufticcs \ in like Manner as any Judice of the Peace for any County, Riding, tor Counties, or	mZy	a&	for	fuch County, Riding, or Division, in the

Execution of the said Aft, or of any Law for protefting the Oyfier Fifheries, and Broods of Oyfters.

Pm»ifionsof	V. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained

aiG.a. c. si. shall extend, or be condrued to extend, to repeal any of the Pro-vi(ions of the said Aft of the Thirty-fird Year aforesaid, except so far as the fame refpett the dealing and taking of Oydera from any Oydcr Bed, Laying, or Fifhery,

CAP. CXLV.

. An Aft for enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to the Judges of the Courts of Seffion, Judiciary, and Exchequer in /Scotland, upon the Refignation of their Offices.

[2d July 1808.3

d9G.a. c. 110. « XY7HEREAS by an Aft, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of € • W the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An AS for the ? Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges in the Courts in Weft-

*	4 minder Hall, andalfo of the Lords of Srffion, Lords Commissioners of 4 Jujliciary y and Barons of Exchequer, in Scotland, and for enabling 4 His Majesty to grant Annuities to . Perfons in certain Offices in the 4 said Courts e/" West minder Hall, on the Refignation of their reJheBive

17-	* Offices, it is enacted. That it shall and maybe lawful for His Majesty,

4 His Heirs and Succeffors, to give and grant unto any Perfon who

*	may have executed the Office of Chief Judice of the Court of 4 King’s Bench, or shall have executed the Office of the Mafter of 4 the Rolls, Chief Judice of the Common Pleas, or Chief Baron of

*• '	4 the Exchequer, or of Puifne Judge of the Court of King’s Bench

4 or Common Pleas, or of Baron df the Coif of the Court of Ex-

*	* chequer*respectively, certain Annuities therein mentioned, upon the

§ 5.	*4 Refignation of their several Offices: And whereas by the said in

4 part recited Aft, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of 4 His present Majedy, it is further enacted, that the Succefior of

*	every such Perfon so dying or resigning should be entitled to have 4 and receive from all Perfons whatsoever, such Salaries and Profits

*	as should arise and become due from the Death or Refignation of his

*	Predeceffor, in like Manner as if his Patent had borne l)ate the Day

*	next subsequent to the Day of the Death or Refignation of his Pre-» ‘ deceffor: And whereas it is reasonable and expedient that Annuities

«(hould

A«D> i8o8<

48° GEO. III.

C. 14

S*S

* should in like Manner be granted to the Judges of the Courts of 4 Seflion and Judiciary, and to the Barons of the Court of Exchequer 4 in Scotlamd, upon the Refignation of their respective Offices; and 4 also that the Succeffor 'of every such Judge should in like Manner 4 be entitled to have and receive luch Salaries and Profits as may arise 4 and become due from the Death or Refignation of his Predeceffor:

4 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ? and be it enabled by the King’s mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con font of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aisembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and SucceiTors, by His Majefty’s Sign Manual, to give and grant unto any Perfon who shall have executed the Office of Lord President of the said Court of Seflion, or of the Lord Juftice Clerk, or of the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or of any Judge or Lord of Seflion, or of any Lord Commiffioner of Judiciary, or of a Baron of the said Court of Exchequer, as well before as after the palling of this A&, and who shall have respectively re-figned any such Office, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Money, sot exceeding Three-fourth Parts of the Salary appertaining to each such Office at the Period of the Refignation thereof; and evexy such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money mall commence from and after the Period when the Perfon to whom any such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall be granted as aforesaid (nail have resigned his Office, and to continue from thenceforth for and during the natural Life of the Perfon to whom the fame shall he gvantca as aforesaid; and every such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall be paid out of the Monies that shall ariie from auy of the Duties and Revenues in Scotlandt which by A&s made in the Seventh ?md Tenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Jtnnr, were charged or made chargeable with the Fees, Salaries, and other Charges allowed or to be allowed by Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Succellors, for keeping up the Courts of Seflion, Judiciary, and Exchequer in Scotland; and every such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall be paid and payable, free of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, (Property Tax excepted,) at such and the fame Times and in such and the lame Manner as tfie Salaries of the Judges of the said Courts of Seflion, Judiciary, and Exchequer, are notv paid and payable: Provided always; that no such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money, granted to any Perfon having executed the Office of Lord President of the Court of Seflion, Lord Chief Baron of the'Court of Exchequer, Lord Juftice Clerk, Judge or Lord of Seffion, Lord Commiffioner of the Court of Jufticiary, or Baron of the Court of Exchequer relpe&ively, shall b* valid, unless such Lord President, Lord Chief Baron, Lord Juftice Clerk, Judge or Lord of Seffion, Lord Commiffioner of the Court of Judiciary, or Baron of Exchequer respectively, shall have continued in one or more of the said Offices for the Period of Fifteen Years, or shall be afflicted with some permanent Infirpiity, disabling him from the due Execution of his Office, which shall be diftiti&ly recited in the said Grant.

II. And be it further enacted. That the Succeflor of every Perfon who shall have executed the Office of Lord President of the said Court of Seflion, or of the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, in Scotland\ or of the laid Lord Juftice Clerk, or of a Judge or Lord

Seffion, or of \ Lord Comraiffioper of the laid Court of Judiciary,

or

His Majesty may grant Annuities for Life to tits Judges of tite Court of Seifioii and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, on their Refignation, not exceeding Three-fourth* of their Salary.

Conditions on which Auuuitiflf shall be granted. Fifteen Years Service, or permanent Infirmity.

Succeflor* of Judges, &c.

{hall receive theif Salaries from the Death, &c. of the Fredeeefibr*

\

AJO. i8o£.

516

96 G. 3. C. 46.

46 G. 3. o. 154*

C. 14St 145.	48®	GEO.	Ill*

or of a Baron of the laid Court of Exchequer, shall be entitled to have and receive, and there shall be issued and paid to such Succeffor, out of the Monies anting from any of the Duties and Revenues charged or made chargeable with keeping up the Courts of Seflion, Jufticiary, and Exchequer, in Scotland as aforesaid, such Salary as shall have arisen and shall have become due from the Death or Re-jxgnation of his Prcdeceflbr, in like Manner as if his Letter Patent •r Commiffion had borne Date the Day next subsequent to the Day of the Death or Retignation of his Predeceflor.

CAP. CXLVL

An Aft for vetting the Stock of the Court of Seflion in Scotland in Truftees, for the erecting Buildings for the better Accommodation of the College of Juttice, and a Publick Gaol, in the City of Edinburgh, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.	[2d July 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Aft jpafled in the TVenty-fixth Year of the Reign of His present Majeity, iutituled, An Ad for 4 augmenting and fixing the Salaries of the Lords of Sejfton, Lords 4 Commiffioncrs of Jufticiary % and Barons of Exchequer, in that Part of 4 Great Britain called Scotland, a certain Fund, calied, The Stock of 4 the Court, which was raised by Grants before the Union of the 4 Kingdoms of England and Scotland, and amounted at the Period 4 of the palling of the said Aft to Twenty-two thousand seven hundred 4 Pounds, together with the Sum of One thousand one hundred * thirty-five Pounds, being One Year's Intereft thereon, was directed * to be paid in to the then Receiver General of His Majefty’s Land * Rents in Scotland, in order to be by him remitted to the Exchequer * of Englqnd; And whereas the said Sums of Money were accordingly * paid to the said Receiver General, who died before accounting for 4 the fame to the Publick, and which Sums so unaccounted for by * the said Receiver General, did, on the Twenty-firll Day of January 4 One thousand eight hundred and two, amount to the Sum of * Twenty-feven thousand seven hundred fixty-fix Pounds.Four Shi!-* lings and Eight-pence, including Intereil to that Date, which has * been or is in course of being recovered from the Reprefentative of * the said Receiver General, and have been, so far as recovered, lodged 4 with Banks or Bankers in Scotland: And whereas by another Aft, 4 palled in the Forty-fix th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

* intituled, An Ad for taking down the present Building in which the 4 Treasury Chambers and Offices of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland * were Jttuated, atfd ending new Buildings in lieu thereof, certain * Sums of Money therein mentioned, arising from certain forfeited * EHates in Scotland, were directed to be paid to the King's Re-* membrancer in Exchequer in Scotland, or to his Deputy, to be by • them applied with all convenient Speed towards erecting and com-* pitting the said new Buildings, according to such Inftruftions as 4 Ihould from Time to Time be given by the Chief Baron and Barons 4 of the said Court of Exchequer: And whereas additional Accom-• modation is required for carrying on the Bulinefs of the Courts of • Seflion and Judiciary in Scotland, and for the Ufe and Convenience * of the Judges, and of the Clerks and Officers thereof, and the

Buildings

A«D« 18o8<

5*7

48° GEO. Ill*	C. 146*

*	Buildings necessary and proper for this Purpofe may be ereAed so a$

*	to be conneAed with the Buildings now used for the Courts of Seffian 4 and Judiciary, and with the Buildings now ereAing for the said 4 Court of Exchequer, and also in such Manner as to give further

*	Accommodation to the Library of the Faculty of Advocates, which

*	has always been deposited in those Edifices, being of the greateffc 4 Service to the Courts of Juilice, and accordingly encouraged by 4 Parliament: Aud whereas the prelent Prifon or Gaol in the City of 9 Edinburgh has been emploved, not only for confining Debtors and 4 for the local Service of the City of Edinburgh and County of Edtn-4 burgh, but as a National Gaol for confining Per finis accused of ‘‘.Crimes, who are brought from all Parts of Scotland for the Purpofe 4 of being tried before the Lords of Judiciary, and Criminals who 4 have been convicted before them and suffer Imprifonment for the 4 Purpofe of their Sentence, and the fame is not only too small, incbm-4 modious, and unsuitable for a Prifon for such Purposes, but is also 4 deca) ed and not sufficiently secure: And whereas it is therefore 4 necessary that a new Gaol should be ereAed for the Purpofes of a 4 National Gaol as aforesaid, which may be combined with the Gaol 4 for the City of Edinburgh and County of Edinburgh, and towards the 4 Expence of which the said City and County may and ought to con-4 tribute: May it therefore please Your Majcdy that it may be 4 enaAed and be it enaAed by the King’s mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pfefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Lord Clerk Regider of tfcotkmd, the Lord Prefidcnt of the Court of Seflion, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, the Lord Juflice Clerk, the Lord Chief Baron of tlic Court of Exchequer in Scotland, the Lord Provod of the City of Edinburgh, the Dean of the Faculty of Advocates, the Soliditc•• General of Scotland, and the Members of Parliament for the City and for the County of Edinburgh, all for the Time being, ihall be and they are hereby appointed TruAees for the Purpofes of this A A, and any Three or more of the said Tmftee3 shall be fufneient for doing any Matter or Thing which the laid Trudees are authorized to do by this AA.

44 Said 27,766/, 4/. Sd. shall be paid to the King’s Remembrancer in 44 Exchequer for the Purpofes of this AA, under Order of the 44 Trudees. § 2. Money shall be forthwith paid by Remembrancer 44 into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank, and be accumulated, 44 until applied to the Purpofes of this AA. § 3. Money so de-44 posited shall be applied for the Purpofes of this AA, from Time 44 to Time, under Order of the Trudees. § 4. Additional Buildings 44 for the Court of Seflion to be ereAed, under DireAion of said 44. Trudees. § 5. Afterwards Trudees may agree with the Magif-44 trates of’ Edinburgh for ereAing a Gaol. § 6. And apply Money 44 then iu Hand to that Purpofe. § 7. Bodies Politick, 8cc. may be 44 admitted to join with Trudees for the Purpofes of ereAing Offices 44 or Halls, or Places of Meeting, adjoining to the Courts, &c.< § 8. 44 Trudees empowered to purenase, and incapacitated Perfons to 44 convey, for the Purpofes of this AA. § 9. But none shall be 44 compelled to fell. § 10.”

Tiufleei appointed far the Purpofe* of this AA

CAP.

5**	C.	147,148.	48°	GEO. III.	AJX1&08-

C A P. CXLVII.

An A€t to permit the Sale of the Dantfb Prize Ship Confianlia Maria, and her Cargo, in the Port of Ftnvej, in the County of Cornwall. ' ,	[3d July 1808.]

_ * The Ship and Cargo allowed to be fold at “Fowey, notwithflaoding the Provifions in 43 G. 3. e. 134. § 4.—Paying the Duties due to “ the EaB India Dock Company under the A&» 43 G. 3. cap. cxxvi. •* and 40 G. 3. cap. cxiii. as if the Ship had hies brought into the “ East India Docks.”

5 I.

Hr

CAP. CXLVIII.

An A€t for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein jnentioned for the Service of the Year One thoufai^d eight hundred and eight* and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Sefiion of Parliament*	[2d July 1808.]

£. 5, 500,000 Out of Surplus of British Confolidated Fund.

III.

43 G. 3. c■

20,000,000 From the following Duties, w*.

Additional Cuitoms under Additional Excife Duties on Property 1	Additional	Cuitoms

Additional Duties on Property Additional Excife Tobacco, &c*

Additional Cuftoms

Additional Duties on Property ■ —■■■■■ < Additional Excife on Brandy 47 G. 3. >?. 1 Cuftoms	486.3.

5,000,000 Part of the Sum of £. 19,80^,000

granted by	47 G. 3.Jl. 2. r. 76.

41G. 3.

45	G. J.

46	G. 3.

70. 81. . 122.

■ S3-

•

• 39*

:% c. 27. c. 26.

IV* 726,870 9



Surplus of Confolidated Fund on 5th April 1808.

5} Surplus of Grants for 1807*	.

V* 2,253,111	_

VI. The following Sums, viz<

Produce of Malt and Penfion Aft, not exceeding

3.000.	000

3.000.	000 500,000'

10.500.000

3.000.	000 1,500,000

10.500.000

Lotteries,

6.000.	000

20,000,000

5.000.	000 726,870

2,253,111

3*500,000

o

o

o

Of

o

o

.0

48 G. 3*

advanced by the Bank

Unclaimed Dividends •	----

Exchequer Bills -	----

Ditto -	-	----

Ditto -	-	------

Loan (after deducing 2,500,000/. remitted to Ireland,)	-	—

(dedufting Otic-third (or Ireland,) -

o o Exchequer Bills - '	—

0 0 out of War Taxes (granted above. See n II. Y o (granted above, § III.)

8^ (granted above, § IV.)

c. 3. • c. 4. e. 7.

53-

c. 54.

■r. 76. ■ r. 139. *r. 114.

si Surplus of Grants (See § IV.) o out of Confolidated Fund (See $ I.)

XOD

'SO

nC K

>&*»

*

J8 £

§£

st .2 •a £

C SO

c

O

•o

£

a.

8

i .

is

p«-

•f s

S co

•a

*

<S

*C

Ol *

|

<

VII. The

A.D. i«o8.

48° GEO. III.

G148.

5*9

’ VII. The following Sums, viz,

*.1,250,000 o o (I.C.)Treafury] 2,500,000 o o (Loan)

750,000 o o (I.C.) Loan ' Share of Lotteries , 500,000 o o (Treafuiy Bills) VIII. Application, viz,

18,317,547 19 10 3,126,500 o o

’liM *5ji *	'48^.3^.103/ ;	C, 76.  * 0-
	*• 03* ►
ill  J A 9	, f*,39* r.ri2.d

3,211,000

5,070^00

591,500

M4*»959

o o o o o 3 19* 10

2,351,188 o o

I*757»5°°

281,400

o

o

505,500 o o

50,000 230,000 IX. 2,200,000

X. 500,000 o

XI. 1,100,000 o XII. 300,000 o XIII. 19,439,189 6 7,277,98° o

25,281 12 9

3,082,870 17 10

43M04 7 9

3*>99l

197,602

5

6

226,017 15 3

for the Navy Services following, *1*. for Wages of 130,000 Men, including 31,400 Marines ) 5 ■& their Victualling -	-	(	SS	J

Wear and Tear of Ships I Ordnance for Sea Service I l Ordinary of the Navy including ‘ Half-pay. -	-

Building, rebuilding, and repair* ing Ships of War extra.

Hire of Tranfports.

Sick and Wounded Seamen at Home and Abroad.

Prifoners of War in Health at Home and Abroad.

Ditto Sick. - • • -Ordnance for SeaJService.

For the Service of Great Britain,"

“ to enable His Majesty to take such Meafures as the Exigencies of Affairs may require.”

For the Service of Ireland for like Purpofe. ’ -Advanced to the King of Sweden* Advanced to the King of Sicily, for the Land Services following, viz for Land Forces at Home and ~ Abroad (except in the Eafi Indies and Foreign Corps.) -for Five Troops of Dragoons and Thirteen Companies of Foot for recruiting the Regiments Jerving in India, for the embodied Militia and Fenciblc Infantry in Great Britain and Ireland, ’ - * -for General and Staff Officers and Hofpital Officers in Great Britain and Ireland,

Supernumerary Officers of the Forces.	...

Principal Officers of publick Departments in Great Britain and Ireland9 and ExchequerTees. on account of Half-pay to reduced Officers of Land Forces including British, American Foroes, &c.	•

Mm

it* <r. 1 17 1 18 3 o o 7

d.

°)

o I For 13 o t Months.

oj

► For the Year 1808.

Out of all or any of the Aids or Sup* plies aforesaid.

.From 25th Dee, 1807, to 24th Dec, 1808.

> For the Year 1808;

48 Geo. III.

Si o

A»D« 1808.

£.

C. 148*

10,464 13 434»4io .8

48° geo. nr.

46,495 10

»>293*487

o o

866,558

18,852

118,676

5 3 8 9

From 25th ZW. 1807, to 24th Dec. 1808.

13*500 o o

442,262 13 J90>253 7

579,086

26,814

625,000

o o

4 7

o o

$ XIV.

500,000 o 2,901,890 10

256,949 12 O 432,748 15 II 121,482 13 I

XV.	10,500,000 o o

XVI.	5,000,000 o o

XVII.	3,000,000 o o

XVIII. 1,500,000 c 3 XIX. 4,024,200 o o XX. 27,288 8 11

for Military Allowances to ditto. For the Year 1808. Chelsea ana Kilmainbam x In and ^ From 25th 1Dec. Out Peiifioner9, and Expences >	1807,	to	24th

of the Hofpital. -	-	J	Dec.	1808.

Widows’ Peiiiion8 in Great Bri- 1 -c*	.1 v 0 «

Am and Ireland. -	-	}	F°r	**	Ycar	l8°8*

Volunteer Corps in Great Britain and Ireland.

Foreign Corps in His Majefly’s Service. -	*

Allowances to Chaplains of'

Forces. -	-

Medicines and Hofpital Contingencies. -	-	)>	For	the	Year	1808.

on account of Land Officers’

Children and Widows not entitled to Penfions.

Barrack Department in Ireland. for the CommifTariat and Extra Forage of the Cavalry in Ireland.	-

Barrack Department in Great ‘

Britain.	- -	-

Probable Expenditure of Com-miffary General’s Office.

Probable extraordinary Expenditure ditto. -	-	*	-

From	25th	Dec.

1806, to	24th

J Dec. 1807. Extraordinary	Services	of	the't

Army in Great Britain - >For the Year 1808. Ditto in Ireland. -	-	J

For Ordnance Office for Land 1	v	0

Service for Great Britain. J For the Year l8oS-Ditto not provided for	-	In	1807.

for Ordnance Office in Ireland For the Year 1808. Ditto not provided for	-	In	iSo7*

To	difcharge	out-ftanding	Exchequer	Bills	under

47' G. 3*Jl* 1 • c. 2.	*

Ditto ifTued for the Service of 180/.

To discharge Exchequer Bills ifTued for the Service of 1807, under 47 G. $.J1. 2. c. 6.

Ditto under 47 G. $.Jl. 2. c. 7.

Ditto -------------------c.	73.

From 25th Dec. 1807, to 24th Dec. 1808.

-^For the Year 1808.

147,179 15	2	Extraordinary	Expences of the

Army. -

2,850,000 o o

v

To make goqd Money ifTued by AddrefTes of the Houfie of Commons.

XXL Civil Eftablifliments, viz.

26,310 O .0 Sierra Leone.

13,583 4 aj- New South Wales.

600 o o Dominica.

1,030 o o Bermudas Iflands.	-	-	^

3,700 O o Bahama Iflands.

1,985 o O Newfoundland.

2,060 o o Cape Breton.	•

From ift Jan. to 31ft Dec. 1808.

A*Di 1808.

C. 14$.

XXII.

48° GEO. HI.

*3.*

£. 3,TOO o o 10,10$ o o 5,500 o o 8,430 o o

23.000	o o 21,525 17. 4 i9>9°8 9 3 73»587 2 1

80,109 16 8 5,000 o o

12.000	o o 7,548 o o 4,696 o o

f44*45 17 1

*>337

1,400,000

1,299

5

o

4

6,345 16 o

19

3>5°°

348

5>597

219

55<>

547

1,623

2,698

127

1,560

661

82

344

2.175

434

166

12

o

11

6

H

13

8

o

9

16

9

11

14

3

17 17

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

6

o

o

6

7

o

o

6

10.

- J

Ac-

For the Year 1808.

Prince Edward I (land.	• - *1

Nova'Scotia.	- - Ftqm ift Jan. to

New B runfwick.	- - | 31ft Dec. 1808.

Upper Canada.	-	-	J

For Briti/h Forts on Coafts of Africa.

S# SR cum }F"theY“'lte8'

Diicharging 5 per Cent. Annuities, under 37 G. 3. c. 10. J,Qth CSober 1808. Ditto, under 42 G. 3. c. 8.

Fees on passing publick counts.

Publick Office Bowdlreet.

Superintendance of Aliens.

Deficiency for printing Votes, Bills, &c. House of Commons in 1807.

French Clergy, TouIoufe9 Dutch y and Corjican Emigrants, and > For the Year 1808. American Loyalifts.	.	J	\

Deficiency of Grant for ditto for the Year 1807.

^ f Intercft on Exchequer Bills paid qff in 1808.

Thames Police Office for Plan of Security for Shipping.

Horfe Patiole round the Metropolis, to loth October 1807.

Mathematical lnftruments for New South Wales. Repairs, &c. at the Audit Qfficeinthe Adelphi. •For Services in inveftigatiag Debts of the Prince of Wales.

Bounty on Briti/h American FHh imported into Wejl India lilands.

Deputy Sergeant at Arms to House of Commons for House to Midfummer 1807.

For Trouble relating to the A& for enforcing the Refidence of Clergy.

For Index to Journals of the Peers.

<{ Serjeant at Arms to the House of Lords for Ser« *"* vices during 1807.

Chairman of Committees of House of Lords for the Year 1807.*

Etftra Expences respecting the Non-refidence of Clergy.

Expences of Commissioners of Military Inquiry , under 45 G. 3. c. 47.

Removal of Monuments in. Wcflmtnjler Abbey. Reimburfements of Fees on American Loyalift Grant.

Stationary for New South Wales.

Bills drawn from New South Wales for the Year 1808.

Publifhing Average Price of Brown Sugar.

For Fifb imported into St. Vincent's from New*

' foundland.

•Mm2

£=

i

is

•o

g

to

J8

ca

£

o

b

53?

A.D. i8o8.

C. 148.

*-W5 5 3,238 10

*,085 4 5»«34 4

8,702 18 2,311 12

368 i» 762 10

*3.393 *

48.250	o

*»*34 4 3M°° o

5,016 6 4.459 *4

21,800 o

1,389 o

5,000 o 14*420 o

10.250	14

3,19* >9

. 20,000 o 25,068 6

5.000	o

1.000	o 68,767 10

9.547 14 •54,000 o

1,913 12

6.000	o

'	51,250 14

12,100 6

. V

8,960 o

48? GEO. in.

6

o

o

II

10

8

S*

o rs

ll® ^

-a.£ '

:cj .3 ■

O o

o

o

5

0

1

3

4

o

o

|S

>For the Year 1808.

o

3

o ' o o

7

o

Printing Tattles of Plan of Finance, in 1807. For promoting Difcoveries in the Interior of Africa*	t

Ditto.

Salary to Commiffioner for the Affairs of Trinidad from the 226 Day of July 1806 to the 14th Day of February 2808.

Arrears of Salary as First Commiffioner for ditto. Arrears of Salary to Surveyor General of Trinidad from 31ft January 1806 to 15th August 1807.

For Attendance of sundry Officers of the . House of Commons on publick Committees. Coilnfel to Chajrman of House of Lords for 2807.

For the Royal Military Canal. - “

Convi&s at Hornet

For Stationary for Exchequer. -

Printing and Stationary for both Houles of Parliament.

For Deficiency of Grant for ditto, for the Year 1807.

For Printing by Order of Commissioners of publick Records.

For Printing Votes, Bills, &c. of House of Commons during Semon 48 G. 3.

For Printing Vol. 35. of the Journals of the Peers.

Naval Afylum.

To 'difcharge Bills from South Wales* -

For Roads and Bridges in Highlands of Scotland,	under For the Year i8c8.

43 <7. 3. r.8o.

For printing Vol. 6o. of the Journals 0? the Commons.

For Law Charges.

For purchasing Buildings and Grounds in and near Palace Tardf under 44,45, and 46 G. 3. (See 46G.3. c. 89.)

To assist the Levant Company.

For repairing Henry VII.’s Chapel* Westminster Abbey.

For Secret Services for 1808.

For re-printing Journals, 4c. of,the Commons for 1808.

For Expences in building- a new Mint on Tower HiUf for 1808.

Salaries, &c. to Officers of both Houfcs of Parliament, for Scffion 1808.

Bounties for Fifh brought to London and Wetminster, for 1808.

Inland Navigation from the Eaftejm to the Weftern Sea, by Invernefs and Fort William, for 1808.

Work done at the Houfe* of Parliament.

Works at the House of the Speaker.

381, I<

?J

For 1808.

533



48° GEO. III.

C. 148.

7&QO 0 o

9,000

2,908

i,3*8

o

6

5

20,000 9 ' O

3.000	O O

1.000	O O

1,500,000 o o

For the Year 1808.

14,09°.

o o

? 1,000 o p 75,250 11 o 6,790 o 10

50.000	o o

5i°°°

10.000

o .0 o o 4 o

£5,000 o p

20.000	O O

20.000	o O

6,093 o o

Irifli Currency.

I xxm. A 34° © O

240 o o 200 o .0

500 o o

Extra Contingencies of the Three'

Secretaries of State.

Extra Meffengers to ditto.

Profecutions relating to the Coin.

The Minifters of the Vaudoit . Churches, &c.

Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity Of Francf.

Board of Agriculture.

Veterinary College.

To the East India Company on account of their Expences incurred in the publick Service.

To the Commiflioners bn American Claims, under

43 G- 39-Further Allowance to Commiflioners of Military Inquiry. Purchafe of Buildings in Palace Yard.

Britijh Mufeum, for general Purpofes.

For Relief of Sufferers by Fire at Rofeau, in 1805. Repairing the Harbour at Margate.

Improving the Harbour at Holyhead.

Proteftant Diflenting Minifters 'j	,

in England and Ireland, and > For the Year 1808. French Refugees. -	-	J

Annuity to the late Duchefs of Gloucester to her Death. Further for the Naval Afyliun. ^

Ere&ing the Military College at >For the Year 1808.

Sandhurjl., ■ -	-	-	J

To Lord Fairfax?s Representatives for Lob of Pro* perty in Virginia.

Military Roads in North Britain for the Year 1808,

Accountant General for preparing publick Accounts for Seflion 1808.

His Deputy.

Examinator of Corn Boun- ~ ties. -

400 o o 200 o o 150 p o

200 O O

XXIV. 25,000 o o

1,200 O O

Infpe&or General of Imports and Exports preparing Accounts. '	- . -

His first Clerk for extra Trouble.

Examinator of Excife preparing Accounts -His Aluftant. *

Clerk in Auditors of Exchequer Office preparing Accounts.

Civil Buildings. *>

Printing, &c. 250 Copies of the -A&s 48 G.$.

22,018 o e Printing and Difburfements

for Secretaries9 Office and j ^ other publick Offices in I £ Dublin Castle. -	-	J

Mm 3

iTo s&Jan. 1808.

>2

From 5th Jan.

1808,	to 5th Jan.

1809,

534

G. T^Sfi

48° GEO. III.

18681

Irifh Currency.		
£4 2>500	0	0
s 9>4*9	18	0
1,047	10	2
740	0	O
10,000	0	O

1,250 13 1

10,500 o o

355,000 o o 997 o > o 475 o o

512 8 o

4,434 o o

6.000	o o

XXV. 21,600 o o

5.000	o o jo,000 o o

2.000	o o 4,500 0 o

10,000 o o

XXVI. 23,163 o o

22,500 o o 2,896 o o 14,958 o o

3*758 O 6

,	1*926 o 6

11,786 o o 28,797 o o

4,122 o 6

2,668 o o

5i30O o o

too O o

^824 o o

From , 5th Jan.

1808,	to 5 th Jan.

1809.

Apprehending publick Of- ") fenders.

Non-conforming* Minifters.

Expence of rratique L 4 Dublin Port. -	-	J	L

Cloathing Battle-axe Guards for 18 Months from ift Dec, 1898.

Building a Pier at the North Side of Howtb.

To refund the like Sum paid into the Chief Secretary’s Office for Wool Licences fmee 5th Jan, 1801. Proclamations and Advertife- 1 v	T

ments in the Dublin Gazette. / V? c *th -Criminal Profccutions. -	-	(	5*	Jaa,

The Gold Mine of Wicklow. . )	l8o9‘

Arrears of Allowances to Clerks in Office of Acountant General in Chancery.

To E, Kent, Efq. for Money paid into Treasury in his own Wrong..

For Lottery Officer*. -	-7	Fr°* £h . Jfan’

Incidents of the Treafury	- J	^ g	* ^	^a*'

Trufteesof the Linen Manufactures for one Year ending 5th Jan. 1809.

Farming Society of Ireland.

Dublin Society for promoting"

Hufbandry, &c.

In aid of the Initiation at Cork.

Commiffioners for making wide and convenient Streets' in Dublin.	-	-

Board of first Fruits for building and rebuilding Churches, &c.

Incorporated Society for promoting Engiyb Proteftant Schools.

Foundling Hofpital in Dublin*

Hibernian Marine Society.

Hibernian School for Soldiers’

Children.	-	-	-

Female Orphan House, near Dublin. -	-	-	-

Affiliation for difcounteriancing Vice, &c. .

Wejlmoreland Lock Hofpital.

Houfe of Induflry and Penitentiary.	...

Eighty Patients in the Houfe-of Recovery, &c.	-	-

Lying-in Hofpital.

Completing Royal College of Surgeons. -	-	.	-

Commiffioners of Charitable Donations. -	-

Do&or Stephens's Hofpital.

From 5th Jan. 1808, to 5th Jan, 1S09.

48° GEO. m.

0.148,14^*

53t

’-I

Irifh Currency.	^ From 5th Jan.

d?. 4,038	o	o	Sir Patrick Dude Hofpital.	- k	i8c8,to	5th Jan.

9,250	o	o	Roman Catholic Seminary.	- J	1809.

§ XXVII. Supplies shall be applied only to the Purposes") authorized, &c.	-	-	-	- j

XXVIII. Rules for receiving Half-pay. -	y As in former Aft#.

XXIX. Application of Overplus of Sum (under 47 G. 3.

Jl. 2. r. 76.) to reduced Officers.

CAP. CXLIX.

An A& for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deed’s, Law Proceedings, and other, written or printed Inftruments, and the Duties on Legacies, and Succeflions to Perfonal Eftatc upon Inteftacies, now payable in Great Britain ; and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof.	[ad	July	1808.]

1 Moft Gracious Sovereign,

.* ’TT7HEREAS it is expedient to alter and amend the Defcrip-‘ VV tions of divers Inftruments, Matters, and Things, in respect f whereof certain Stamp Duties were granted by the several Ads

*	pailed in the Forty-fourth, Forty-fifth, and Forty-fixth Years of ■* Your Mujefty’s Reign, herein-after specified, and for that Purpofe

*	to repeal such Duties, and grant others in lieu thereof; and it is

*	alfo expedient to grant certain additional Stamp Duties, towards

*	raifing the neceffaiy Supplies to defray Your Majefty’* Publick Ex-

*	pences, and making luch permanent Addition to the Publick f Revenue, as shall be equal to the increased annual Charge occafioned

*	by the Funding of Exchequer Bills, and by any Loan made purfuaut

*	to any Ad or Ads palled or to be patted for that Puipofe in this

*	SefTion of Parliament: We, Your Majefty’s most dutiful and loyal f Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament

*	uflcmbled, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the feveral

*	Duties Hercio-after mentioned; at.fj do moftihumbly beseech Your 4 Majesty that it may be enaded* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament altembled, and by tnc Authority of the fame, That from* and after the Tenth Day of October One thbufand eight hundred and eight, all such of the Duties granted by the Aa palled in the Forty-fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled. An Aft to repeat the/ verctl Duties under the Commijfiorfcrs for managing the Duties upon Jlamped Vcllum. Parchment, and Paper in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof \ as are comprised ;n the Schedule marked (A.) thereunto annexed (fave and except the Duties on Licences for felling Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors, Hats, and Medicines, tor exercising the Trade qf a Pawnbroker, for letting to Hire Horfes for the Purpofe of travelling Pol} or otherwise, -and for letting to Hire Stage Coaches or Carriages, and the Duties on Newfpapers, Pamphlets, Almanacks, and Calendars, and Books or Pamphlets serving the Purpofe of Almanacks or Calendars!; and also all the Duties granted by the Aft pasted in the Forty-fifth Year of His Majeity’s Reign, intituled, An Ap for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties in Great Britain on certain Legacies / and sdfo the several Duties granted by the Aft,

M m 4	paffed

Duties ia the Schedule (A.) annexed to *4 G. 3.

(except certain Duties.)

[-See as to die Licences,

4Q G.3. c. 143.] and Duties granted by

45	G. 3. c. 99*

46	G. 3. c. 43* repealed, ex0fcptAsfea*i|

>

53*

C149;

48° GEO. III.

AiS. ito8.

and except Portions of Legacy Duties.

New Duties .granted, as uttciften in the schedule annexed, from 10th Oa. 1808.

The new Duties {hall be under the Management of the Commif-fionenofStamps, who (hall'pionde proper Stamps,

TbnCematab

flowers may nfc •M Stops to

palled in the Forty-fixth Year of His MajeftyV Reign, intituled, An ASfor granting to Hu Majefy certain Stamp Duties on Appraifemn** and on Licences to Appraiserf in Great Britain, {hall respectively cease and determine; save and except such of the said refpeftnre Duties, or so much and Such Parts thereof respectively, as shall have become due or payable before%or upon the said Tenth Day of OSober, and remain in arrear or unpaid after that Day; and also save and except so much and such Parts as shall remain to be paid of any Duties in refpeftiof Legacies, given by way of Annuity, or so that the Value thereof cannot be ascertained at once, where Part of such Duties shall have been paid or have become payable before or upon the hud Tenth Day of OSober; all which Duties so in arrear, or remaining to be paid as aforesaid, shall be recoverable by the fame Ways and Means, and with such and the fame Penalties, and in such and the fame Manner, in all Refpests, as if this Ad had not been made, except so far as any Proviuon is hereby made to the contrary;

II.	And be it further enacted, That horn and after the Tenth Day of OSober One thousand eight hundred and eight, there shall be railed, levied, and paid, unto and for the Ufe of His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, in and throughout the whole of Great Britain, for and in refoeft of the several Inftruments, Matters, and Things mentioned ana described in the Schedule hereunto annexed (except those Handing under the Head of Exemptions), or for and in respect of the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which such Inftruments, Matters, or Things shall be written or printed, the several Duties or Sums of Money fet down in Figures against the fame respectively, or otherwise specified and fet forth, in the fame Schedule ; and Yhat all the Proviuons, Regulations, .and Direftions therein contained, with respect to the said Duties, and the Inftruments, Matters, and Things charged therewith, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Aft, and shall be observed and enforced accordingly ; and that such and the like Difcounts or Allowances shall be made or allowed, in respect of the Duties hereby granted, as are now authorized by Law to be made or allowed, in reTpeft of the Duties hereby repealed, as far as the fame shall be applicable.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby granted ihaD be under the Care and Management of the Commiflioners for the Time being, appointed and authorized by His Majesty, His Hein or Succefiors, to manage the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment,

1 and Paper; which said Commiflioners, and the major Part of them, are hereby empowered and required so provide proper and sufficient Stamps or Dies, forexpreifing and denoting the several Duties hereby granted, upon the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper chargeable therewith; and to alter and renew the fame from Time to Time, as Occafion shall reauire; and also to employ such Officers and Perfons under them, and to do all such other Afts and Things 'as .(hall be thought necef-fary or expedient, for effectually raising; and collecting the Duties hereby granted, and for putting this Aft into execution, in the like and in as full and ample Manner, as they or any former Commiflioners are or have been authorized to do, for the raising and collecting of any former Stamp Duties, or for putting into execution any Aft or Afts of Parliament relating thereto. '

IV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the laid Commiflioners to use any of the Stamps or’Dies heretofore provided

to

A*l)i x 80S.

53"

4S0 GEO. III.	C.149.

\

to denote any former Stamp Duties, for the Purpofc -of expressing 2nd denoting any of tjfi£ Duties hereby granted of the faific Amount ; and also to use Tyro or more Stamps* for denoting the Amount of any one Duty hereby granted, as Occafion may require, until a Angle Stamp shall be provided for that Purpose; and that all Inftrumenta which have been or shall be damped with Two or more Stamps, for (denoting the Amount of any Angle Duty charged or chargeable thereon, shall be as valid as if the fame had been damped with a Angle Stamp for denoting such Duty ; but no Stamp, appropriated to denote the Duty charged on any particular Inftrument, and bearing the Name of such Inftrument on the Face thereof, shall be used for denoting any other Puty of the fame Amount, or, if so used, the fame shall be of no Avail.

f* Paper, &c. damped with the former Duties, may be used for In? ?* Itruments, charged with new Duties of the fame Amount, except “ where a lpecifick Stamp is required. § 5. Stamped Paper, &c. u rendered useless by this or qny former Aft, may be exchanged^

or have additional Stamps, under this Aft, within Twelve Months f* from 10th Oftober 1808. §6.”

VII.	And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon or Pcrfons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any Stamp or Die which shall be provided, made, or used in pursuance of this Aft, or any Stamp or Die, which shall have been provided, made, or used, in pursuance of any former A ft or Afts, relating to any Stamp Duty or Duties, or shall forge, counterfeit, or resemble, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or re-sembled, the Imprefliun of any such Stamp or Die as aforesaid, upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with Intent to defraud His Ma-jefty, His Heirs or Succcffors, of any of the Dufies hereby granted ; or if any Perfon or Perfons shall utter, or fell, or expole to Sale, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, having thereupon the Ixngreflion of any such forged or couifterfeited Stamp or Die, or any such forged, counterfeited, or resembled Impreflion as aforesaid, knowing the fame respectively to be.forged, counterfeited, or resembled.; or if any Perfon or Perfons shall privately and secretly use any Stamp <or Die, by this or any former Aft directed or allowed to be used, for denoting any of the Duties granted by. this or any former Aft, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeflors, of any of the said Duties; then every Perfon so offending, and being thereof lawfully convisted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death, as in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.	•

M Powers and Provifions of former Afts shall be put in Execution u with regard to the Duties under this Aft. § 8.”-

IX.	And be it further enacted, That the Provifions and Regulations of former Afts relating to Agreements shall be applied only to such Agreements as are hereby charged with a Duty of Sixteen Shillings ; and that the Agreements hereby charged with a Duty of One Pound and.Ten Shillings, shall be subject and liable to the fame Provifions and Regulations as Deeds hereby charged with a like Duty 5 and that all Agreements for granting Leafes or Tacks, which have been or shall be (tamped with the Duty, for the Time being payable in rtffpeft of such Leafes or Tacks, shall be as valid as if the

fame

denote new Duties—and two or more Stamps to denote one Duty.

Certain Stamp* appropriated t<* particular lidiru* menu only.

Forgingqf Stamps,

Felony, without Clergy.

Pmrifiont

refpefting

Agreements.

C. 149.

48° GEa nr.

A.D. 18c 8,

Secfmd Articles of Orkfhip toAttorhics ehaurgrd with )t ]Qs. opijr.

fame had beqn stamped with the proper Agreement Stamp ; and that all other Agreements hereby charged with a Duty of Sixteen Shillings shall be valid, if stamped with a Duty of One Pound Ten Shillings.

X- And be it further ena£ted. That from and after the pafSng of this A61, where any Perfon shall -have become bound to serve as a Clerk, in order to his Admiflion as an Attorney or Solicitor in any jof His Majefty’s Courts at Wejhninf.cr, or in any of the,Courts of the Great Semons in Walts, or of the Counties Palatine of Cbetter, Lancaster, and Durham, or in any pthcr Court of Record in England, by Articles of Clerkihip duly stamped, according to the Daws in force at the Time of the Date' and Execution thereof, and ftiall, after the patting of this Adi, in consequence of the Death of his Matter,

• pr from any other Cause, find it necefTary or expedient to enter into new Articles of Clerkship, for a new Term of Years, for the fame Purpose, such new Articles of Clerkihip shall be chargeable only with a Duty of One Pound and Ten Shillings, and the Counterpart or Duplicate thereof with the like Duty 5 any Thing in this or any former A6t contained to'the contrary notwithftandiug.

XI.	And be it further enaflted, That if any Perfon pr Perfons jhall

make, fig*; or issue, or cause to be made, signed, or issued, or shall accept or pay, or cause or permit to be accepted or paid, any Bill of Exchange, Draft, or Order, or Promiffory Note, tor the Payment of Money, liable to ariy of the Duties imposed by this without the fame being duly stamped for denoting the Duty hereby charged thereon, he, (he, or they shall, for every iuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.	x

XII.	* And, for the more effedhially preventing of Frauds and * Evafions of the Duties now payable, or hereby granted, on Bills

, f of Exchange, Drafts, or Orders for the Payment of Money, under 4 colour of the Exemption in Favour of Drafts or Orders upon 4 Bankers, or Perfons acting as Bankers, contained in the Sche-4 dule (A.) annexed to the said Adl.of the Forty-fourth Year of His 4 Majeny’s Reign, or in the Schedule hereunto annexed ;* be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons (haft, after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the palling of this A61, make .	and issue, or cause to be made and issued, any Bill, Draft, or Order

dated, or without for the Payment of Money, to the Bearer * on Demand, upon any

Peud ty on Perfon* giving fUlls or Not** not duly fanned, 30k

Penalty for HTuiiig Bills or Drafts poft-

menttoiung the Place where ' drawn, without Stamp, Under colour of the Exemption of Banker** Checks, tool.

Penalty for receiving or paying such Bills

laying tucti t Drafts, iool. &c.

Banker or Bankers, or any Perfon or Perfons a6ling as a Banker or Bankers, which shall be dated on any Day subsequent to the Day on which it shall be issued, or which shall not truly specify and express the Place where it shall be issued, or which shall not in every Refped fail within the said Exemption, unless the fame shall be duly damped as a Bill of Exchange, according to the Law in force when the fame shall be issued, the Perfon or Perfons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum cf One hund^d Pounds; and if any Perfon or Perfons shall knowingly receive or take any such Bill, Draft, or Order, in Payment of or as a Security for the Sum therein mentioned, he, (he, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any Baiiker or Bankers, or any Perfon or Perfons a61ing as a Banker, upon whom any such Bill, Draft, or Order (hill be drawn, shall pay, or cause or permit to be paid, the Sum of Money therein expressed, or any Part thereof, knowing the fame to be poft-dated, or knowing that the Place where it was issued k not truly specified and fet forth therein, or knowing that the fame

does

A.D. i8o8*

539

48* GEO* III*	C. 149*

does not, in any other RefpeCfc, fall within the said Exemption, then the Banker or Bankers^ or Perfon or Perfons, so offending, shall, for , every such Offence, forfeit the Sume of One hundred Pounds, and moreover shall not be allowed the Money so paid, or any Part thereof, in account against the Perfon or Perfons, by or for whom such Bill,

Draft, or Order shall be' drawn, pr his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, or his, her, or their Affignees or Creditors, in cafe of Bankruptcy or Infolvency, or any other Perfon or Perfons dairying under him, her, or them.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth p^tnifloryNotfs Day of Qftober One thousand eight hundred and eight, it (hall'be law- for 2I. a*. <«■ less, ful for any Banker or Bankers or other Perfon or Perfons, who shall nny be re-iffu«4 have made and issued any Promiffoiy Notes, for the Payment to the wicSnitdyT Bearer on demand of any Sum of Money not exceeding Two Pounds and Two Shillings each, duly (tamped according to the Diredions of this Ad, to re-iffue the fame from Time to Time after Payment thereof, as often as he, (he, or they shall think fit, without being liable to pay any further Duty in respect thereof; and it shall also Notes above be lawful for any Banker or Bankers, or other Perfon or Perfon*, 21. 2s. and not who shall have made and issued any Promiffory Notes for the Payntent exceeding 100J. to the Bearer on demand, of any Sum of Money exceeding Two Pounds and Two Shillings, and not exceeding One hundred Pounds ^	***	****

each, duly (lamped according to the Directions of this A Cl, from Time to Time after the Payment thereof, and within the Term of Three Years from the Date thereof, but not afterwards, to re-iffue any such Promiffory Notes, without being liable to pay any further Duty ip respect thereof; and that all Promiffory Notes, for the Pay- promissory Note® ment to the Bearer on demand, of any Sum bf Money not exceeding rc-iffuaMe under Two Pounds and Two Shillings each, which (ball have been actually 44	9.fi‘

and buna fide issued and in Circulation before or upon the said Tenth *.nd 111	*'

Day of Oftcbcr One thousand eight hundred and eight, duly (lamped i^os^may* according to the said ACl of the Forty-fourth Yeai^of His Majefty’s rc-if fiied for Reign, and which shall be then re-iffuable within the Intent and certain limited Meaning of that Ad, shall, if the fame (ball hear Date before or upon the Twepty-hfth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fix, continue to be re-iffuable until the Expiration of Three Yeans from the Date thereof respectively, but not afterwards, in such and the fame Manner as if this ACl had not been made ; and if the fame shall bear Date after the said Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fix, then the fame shall continue to be re-iffuable until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred .and nine inclusive, but not afterwards; and all Promiffory Notes, for the Payment to the Bearer on demand of any Sum of Money exceeding Two Pounds and Two Shillings, which (halk have been actually and bond fide issued and in Circulation before or upon the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, duly ' (lamped iccording to the said Ad of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majelly’s Reign, and which shall be then re-iffuable within the Intent and Meaning of that Ad, shall continue re-iffuable until the Expiration of Three Years from the Date thereof respectively, but not afterwards, in such and the fame Manner as if this ACt had not been made; and every such Promiffory Note, hereby allowed to be re-issued, after the Payment thereof, shall from Time to Time, after the re-iffuing of the fame, be as good and valid, and as available in the Law,

to

A*D» 18o8«

Penalty 04 antedating * ic-iffuable Notes, boL

Promiffory

Notes, re-iffuahle for limited Periods, (hill be cancelled on Payment alteiv vanlij and Notes, &c. not re-tfiuable, Wimjediately op fajjneqt.

Penalty for unduly re-ifliung Notes, &o. or not cancelling die (imej 50l. &c.

sol. Penalty on taking Notes unduly re-issued,

Bank of England Notes exempted from Duty, on Payment of a yearly Com-polition.

C. 149.	48°	CEO.	III.

to all Intents and Purposes, as it was upon the first issuing, and before any Payment thereof 5 and if any Banker or Bankers, or other Perfon or Perlons, shall at any Time after the said Tenth Day of October, issue or-qaufe to be issued, for the first Time, any Promiffory Note for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on demand, faring Date before or upon that Day, he, (lie, or they, v shall for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum'of Fifty Pounds.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling of this Aft, all Promiffory Notes, allowed to be re-iffued by the said Aft of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign,, or by this Aft, for the Term of Three Years from the Date thereof, but not afterwards, shall, upon the Payment thereof, at any Time after the Expiration of Three Years from the Date thereof, aTld all Promiffory Notes hereby allowed to be re-iffued until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thou&nd eight hundred and nine inclulive, but not after, wards, shall, upon the Payment thereof at any Time after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, and all Promiffory/Notes, Bills of Exchange, Drafts, or Orders for Money, not allowed to be re-issued, shall, upon any Payment thereof, respectively be deemed and taken to be thereupon wholly discharged, vacated, and satisfied, and shall be no longer negotiable or available in any Manner whatsoever, but shall be forthwith cancelled by' the Perfon or Perfonsjpaying the fame 5 and if any Perfon or Perfon^ shall re-iffue or cau(e or permit to be re-iffued any Promiffory Note, so allowed to be re-iffued as aforesaid, at any Time after the Expiration of the Term or Period allowed for that Purpose; or if any Perfon or Perfons shall fe-issue, or cause or permit to be re-iffuea, pny Promiffory Note, Bij) of Exchange, Draft, or Order for Money, not allowed to be re-issued, at any Time after the Payment thereof; or if any Perfon or Perfons, paying or causing to be paid, any such Note, Bill, Draft, or Order as* aforesaid, ftiali refuse or neglect to cancel the fame, according to the Direftions of this Aft; then and in either of th’ofe Cafes the Perfon or Perfons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and in cafe of any such Note* Bill, Draft, or Order being re-issued, contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Aft, the Perfon or Perfons re-iffuing the fame, or causing or permitting the fame to be re-issued, shall also be answerable and accountable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Sue-ceffors, for a further Duty, in respect of every stich Note, Bill, Draft, or Order, of such and the fame Amoupt as would have been chargeable thereon, in cafe the^ fame had been then issued for the first Time, and so from Time to Time as often as the fame shall be so re-issued; which further Duty shall and may be sued for and recovered accordingly as a Debt to His Majesty, His Heirs and Suc-ceffort; and if any Perfon or Perfons shall receive or take any such Note, Bill, Draft, or Order, in Payment of or as a Security for the Sum therein exprefied, knowing the fame to be rc-iflued contrary to tl;e Intent and Meaning of this Aft, he, (he, or they fltell, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

Xy. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That all Promiffory Notes and Bills whatsoever, which shall be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, from and after the said Tenth Day of Odoler One thousand eight hundred and eight, shall be freed and exempted froin all the Duties hereby granted; and

tha{

A*D« l£o8.

48° GEO. III.

C.149.

54*

that the said Governor and Company (hath in lieu of and as a Com* penfation for the Duties, which would otherwise have been payable for such their Notes and Bills, pay into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties for the Time being, the yearly Sum of forty-two thousand Pounds, by Two equal Half-yearly Payments, tQ be made on or before the Fifth Day of April and the Tenth Day of 0Sober, in every Year, and the First Payment thereof to be made on or before the Fifth Day of April One thoufandi eight hundred and nine; and it fUall be lawful for the said Governor and Company to re-iflue any of their Notes after Payment thereof, as often as they Hull think fit: Provided always* that the said Yearly Compenfatiqn shall be reduced by the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, wheo the said Governor and Company shall cease to ilTue PromifTory Notes for less than Two Pounds, agreeably to the Provifion of the Ad of the Thirty-ninth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for granting to His Ma-'

^ certain Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange and Promiflbry Notes mail Sums of Money.

X VL Provided also, and be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of 0Bober One thousand eight hundred and eight, it shall be lawful for the Governor and Conipauy of the Bank of Scotland and the Royal Bank of Scotland and the Britifb Linen Company in Scotland, respectively, to issue their Promiflbry Notes for the Sums of Oue Pound, One Guinea, Two Pounds, and Two Guineas, payable to the Bearer on demand, on undamped Paper, in {he Manner hitherto practised, with regard to Notes of One Pound and One Guinea, by the said Bank of Scotland and Royal Bank of Scotland, under the Authority of the said A61, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp 'Duties on Bills of Exchange and Promiflbry Notes for small Sums of Money ; they the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland and the Royal Bank of Scotland and the Britifb Linen Company respectively, giving such and the like Security, and keeping and producing true Accounts of all the ^>Iote8 so to be issued by them respectively, and accounting for and paying the several Duties, payable in respect of such Notes, in such ana the fame Manner, in all Refpeds, as is and are prescribed and required by the said Ad, with regard to the Notes for One Pound and One Guinea of the Bank of Scotland and the Royal Bank of Scotland, thereby allowed to be issued on undamped Paper; and also to re-iflue such Promiflbry Notes respectively from Time to Time, after the Payment thereof, as often as they shall think fit: And for the said Licence and Privilege hereby granted, the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, and the Royal Bank of Scotland, and the Britifb Linen Company, respectively, shall, in (lead of taking out such Licence as herein-after is mentioned, pay. into the Hands of the Head Collector of the Stamp Duties at Edinburgh the Yearly Sum of Twenty Pounds, on the Fifteenth Day of OBober in every Year, to be by him accounted for, and io be applied in the fame Manner as the Duties on Licences to be taken out by Bankers as herein-after is directed.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of OBober One thousand eight hundred and eight, it shall not be lawful for any Banker or Bankers, or other Perfon or Perfons, (except the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the Bank of Scotland, the Royal Bank of Scotland, and the Britifb Linen

Company}

39G. 3. c. 107.

The Bank of . Scotland, Royal B&nkof Scotland, and British Linen Company, may issue Notes for One Pound, Out Guinea, Two Pounds, and Two Guineas, on unftaraped Paper, accounting for Dudes as under Regulations of 39G.3. c. 107.

§ 9* &c.

Gying ?ol. as a cence Duty. (See *17, 19.)

Rc-ifluable Notes ihall not issued by Bankers or otheis, without % Licence £of |hat Purpofa.

A.D. i8o8.

542	C.	149.	48*	GEO.	nti

•(Six $ 16,1C.)

Regulations

lelpe&ing

Licences.

lVr(»ns applying for Licence* ihall deliver^ JSptciinens of their Notes. Penalty f T ilfuing Notes without Licence.

100I.

The Pank of Scotland, Royul Jr n1*’

of	»idp

aud Urliifk

Company*) to issue any Proihi{Tory Notes for Money payable to the :Bearer on demand* hereby charged with a Duty and allowed to be re-iffued as aforesaid, without taking out a Licence yearly for that Purpose; which Licence shall be granted by Two or more of the .Commiffionerd of Stamps for the Time being, or by some Perfon deputed and authorized in that Behalf by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, on Payment of the Duty charged thereon in the said Schedule hereunto annexed ; and a separate and distinct Licence shall be taken out, for or in respect of every Town or Place* where any such Proniiffory Notes shall be issued, by, or by any Agent or Agents for or on account of any Banker or Bankers, or other Perfon or Perfons; save only and except that one Licence Yearly shall be sufficient for all the Towns or Places where any such Banker or Bankers, or other Perfon or Perfons, shall have eftabli/hed a Branch of his or their Bank, or have employed an Agent for the issuing of such Promiflbry Notes as aforesaid, previously to the palling of this Ad, so that every such Town or Place shall be notified to the Stamp Office, and* be fpecifled in the first Licence to be granted in pursuance of this Ad, and that an Affidavit of the Fad shall be tranf-rnitted to the Stamp Office at the Time of applying for such Licence ; and every such Licence shall specify the proper Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode of the Perlon or Perfons to whom the fame shall be granted, and also the Name of the Town or Place, Towns or Places where, and the Name of the Bank, Firm or Title, under which such Notes are to be issued; and where any such Licence shall be granted to Perfons in Partnership, the fame shall specify and fet forth the Names and Places 6f Abode of all the Perfons concerned in the Partnerlhip, whether all their Names shall appear orf the Promiflbry Notes to be issued by them or not; and in default thereof such Licence shall be abfolutelv void ; and every such Licence, which shall he granted between the Tenth Day of Offober and the Eleventh Day of November, in any Year, shall be dated on the Eleventh Day of October ; and every such Licence, which shall be granted at any other Time, shall be dated on the Day on which the fame shall be granted; and every such Licence respectively shall have effect and continue m force, from the Day of the Date thereof until the Tenth' Day of Oftobcr following, both inclusive.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Banker or Bankers, or other Perfon or Perfons applying for any such Licence as aforesaid, shall produce and leave with the proper Officer, a Specimen of the Promiflbry Notes propoied to be iflhed by him, her, or them, to .the intent that the Licence may be framed accordingly; and if anv Banker or Bankers, or other Perfon or Perfons (except as aforefaid) shall issue, or cause to be issued by any Agent, any Promiflbry Note for Money, payable to the Bearer on demand, hereby charged with a Duty, and allowed to be re-iffued as aforesaid, without being

. liccnfed so to do in the Manner aforesaid, or at any other Town or Place, or undei any other Firm or Title, than shall be fpecifled in his? her, or their Licence, the Perfon or Perfons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIX.	Pro\ided always, and be it further enacted, That the Exception hereinbefore contained, in favour of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, the Royal Bank of Scotland, and the Briti/b Linen Company, shall only extend to exempt them'from

1	taking

I

A.D. 1808.	48° GEO. III.	C. 149.

taking out such Licence as aforesaid, in respect of their several . present Edablilhments and Branches, that is to fay, those of the Bank of Scotland, at Edinburgh, Glasgow, Perth, Aberdeen, Dun* Jrietf Cupar9 St* Andrew'>, Kirkaldy, Dunfermline, Kelfo% Invernefs, Ayr, Stirling, Banff, Tain, Dundee, Montrose, Haddington$ Greenock, IVigton, and Kircudbright $ those of the Royal Bank of Scotland at j?<//fi£tfr^A.and Glasgow ; and those of the British Linen Company at Edinburgh, Leith, Cupar, Dunfermline, Montrose, Jnvernefs, Forres9 Elgin, Glasgow, Dumfries, Hawick, Jedburgh, Dunfe, Dunbar9 Newton Stewart, and Perth ; but that if any of them shall, after the palling of this Ad, eftablilh or fet up a Branch of their Bank, or employ an Agent for the ifiuing of such Promiffory Notes as afore* said, at any other Town or Place whatsoever, they shall be liable and be obliged to take out such Licence a? aforesaid, for or in re-fped of every such other Town or Place, in such and the fame Manner as* other Bankers are required to do, and, in default thereof, shall be subject to such and the fame Penalty or Penalties, as any other Banker or Bankers, for issuing any such PromifTory * Note or Notes as aforesaid, at any such other Town or Place, without having obtained a Licence for that Purpofe.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That where any such Licence as aforesaid shall be granted to any Perfons in Partner ship, the fame shall continue in Force for the ifiuing of Promiffory Notes, under the Firm or Title therein fpecined, until the Tenth Day of Odoher inelusive, following the Date thereof,.notwithftanding any Alteration in the Partnerfhtp.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling of this Ad, Promiffory Notes for the Payment of Money, made out of Great Britain, or purporting to be made out of Great Britain, or purporting to be made by or on the Behalf of any Perfon or Perfons resident out of Great Britain, shall not be negotiable, or be negotiated, or circulated, or paid, in Great Britain, whether the fame shall be made payable in Great Britain or not, unless the fame shall have paid such Duty, and be damped in such Manner as the Law requires tor Promiffory Notes of the like Tenor and Value made jn Great Britain ; and if any Perfon or Perfons shall circulate or negotiate, or offer in Payment, or shall receive or take in Payment, any such Promiffory Note, or shall demand or receive Payment of the Whole or any Part of the Money, mentioned in such Promiffory Note, from or on account of the Drawer thereof, in Great Britain, the fame not being duly damped as aforesaid ; or if any Perfon or Perfons in Great Britain shall pay, or cause to be paid, the Sum of Money expressed in any such Note, not being duly damped as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, either as Drawer thereof, or in pursuance of any Nomination or Appointment for that Purpofe therein contained, the Perfon or Perfons so offending shall for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds : Provided always, that this Claufe shall not extend tef Promiffory Notes made and payable only in Ireland.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of Otiober One thousand eight hundred and eight, in all Cafes of the Sale of any Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities, or’other Property, real or perlonal, heritable or moveable, or bf any Right, Title, Intered or Claim, in$ to, out of, or upon any Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities, or other Property, where a Duty is impofed

on

$43

Linen Ccm-pany shall udte out Licences, ottiy in icfpcA of future Branches.

(Sic % 17).

Alteration m Partner

dull not vacate Lictuces.

Promiffory Notes, made out of Great Britain (halt not be negotiable iti Great Britain, un'elif damped.

Penally on Perfons

circulating such Noics, &c. Sol-

Irifh Notes.

On the Sale of any Property, real or prrfooal the Purchafe Money or Confuicrition shall be fully and truly fet fouh in the Conveyance, Ac.

A.D.i8o8.

S44-

IVtwhies on Purchafers and Sellers for Default in fcfiinp forth (‘ottfiflcration. Quintuple Duty.

l’artie*'tiable to such Penal tie*', informing agaitifl oihcts shall be indemnified slid rewarded.

Where the Confide ration (hull not be tTuly fet forth

Purch&frr may recover back so much thereof at fnalluot be flatted.

c.149*	48°	geo*	nr.

on the Conveyance thereof, in the Schedule hereunto annexed, in proportion to the Amount of the Purchafe or Confideration Money therein, or thereupon expressed, the full Purchafe of Confideration Money, which (hail be directly or indirectly paid, or secured or agreed to be [/aid for the fame, (Hall be truly expressed and fet forth in Words at length, in or upon the principal or only Deed or Inftrument, whereby the Land or other Thing fold shall be granted, aligned, transferred, released, renouneed, or otherwise conveyed to, or veiled in, the purchaser or Purchafers, or any other Perfon or Perfon*, by his, her, or their Dire&ion ; and alio where, upon the Sale of any Annuity, Eafement, Servitude, or other Right, not before in Exigence, the fame (haU not be created by actual Grant or Conveyance, but shall only be secured by Bond, Warrant of Attorney, Covenant, Contract, or other Security, the full Purchafe or Confident ion Money* which shall be directly or mdiredtly paid, or secured or agreed to be paid for the fame, shall be truly expressed aud fet forth, in Words at length, in or upon the Bond or other Iniirumeot or Iuftruments, by which the fame shall be secured ; and if, in any of the said. Cases, the full Purchafe or Confederation Money shall not be truly exprelfcd and fet forth in the Manner hereby directed, the Purchaler or Purchafers, and alio the Seller or Seliers, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and shall also be charged and chargeable witji, aud be bolden liable t6#, the.Payment of Five Times the Amount of the Excels of Duty, which would have been payable for fueh Deed, Bond, or other Inftrument as aforesaid, in respect of the full Purchafe or Confideration Money, in cafe the fame had been truly expressed and fet forth in or upon the fame, pursuant to the* Directions of this Adt and the Schedule hereunto annexed, beyond the Amount of the Duty actually paid for the fame ; which Quintuple Duty shall be deemed and taken to be a Debt to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, of the Party or Parties respectively hereby made liable to pay the lame, and shall and may be sued for and recovered accordingly.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That if any or either of the Parties hereby made liable to the Payment of such Penalty and Quintuple Duty as aforesaid, shall give Information to the Commifiioners of Stamps, whereby such Penalty, or Quintuple Duty, or any Part thereof, shall be recovered from any other Party or Parties liable thereto, the Party or Parties giving the Information shall not only'be indemnified and discharged of such His, her, or their Liability, but shall also be rewarded by the Commifiioners of Stamps, out of the Penalty or Quintuple Duty so recovered, to such Extent as the said Commifiioners, or the major Part of them shall think proper, but not exceeding One-half of what shall be so recovered j aud where any other Perfon shall give Information, whereby any such Penalty or Quintuple Duty lhali be recovered, he or (he shall be rewarded in the like Manner.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That where the full Purchafe or Confideration Money shall not be truly expressed and fet forth, in the Manner hereby directed, it shall be lawful for the Purchafer or Purchafers, o^any of thepi, or his, her, or their Executors or Ad-miniftrators, to recover back from the Seller or Seliers, or bis, her, or their Executors or Administrators, so much and such Part of the Purchafe or Confideration Money a§ shall not be expressed and fet

forth

A.D. 1808.

48* GEO. III.

C« i^pi

545

forth as afoirsaid, or the^WhoIe thereof, if no Part of the fame shall ho so expressed and fet forth, either in an Action for Money had and received, for the Ufe of the Party or Parties suing for the fame, or by A&ion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majefty's Courts of Record at Wejlminjler> wherein no Eifoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed, or by ordinary Action or summary Complaint in tli? Court of Seifionj or in the Sheriff or Stewart Court of the Shire or Stewaitry, where the Perfon or Perfons sued or complained of ihall reside in Scotland, as the Cafe may require, together with Double Cpfts of Suit.

XXV.	And be it further enacted,- That if iny Attorney, Solicitor, Writer to the Signet, Or other person, who shall be employed in or. about the preparing of any such Deed, Bond Or other Inftrument, in or upon whifcH tne full Purchafe or Confideration Monty is hereby required to be truly expressed and fet forth as aferesaid, «or who shall be employed for any of the Parties thereto; in ainywife about or relating to the Traufa&ion therein mentioned, shall knowingly and wilfully insert Of fet forth, or cause to be infhrted or fet forth in or upon 'any such Deed; Bond,' or other Inftrument, any other than the full and true Purchafe or Confideration Money directly or indirectly paid, or fectuned or agreed to be paid for the fame, or (half in any wife aid or assist in the doing thereof refpeftivelv,' every such Attorney, Solicitor, Writer to the Signet, or other Perfon Jo offending, (h'al), for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and every Attorney, Solicitor, and Writer to the Signet so offending; and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall also be from thenceforth difablcd to pra&ifi* as an* Attorney, Solicitor, or Writer to the Signet; and any other Perfon, being entitled or intruded to prepare any such Deed, or Other Inftrument, m virtue of any Publick Office or Employment, and being guilty Of such Offence in the Execution of his Office or Employment, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall also forfeit and lose his Office or Employment and be from thenceforth incapable* of holding the fame.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no Party, Attorney, Solicitor, Writer to the Signet, or other Perfon whomeyer, shall be liable to any Penalty, Difability, or Forfeiture whatsoever, by reason of the full Purchafe or Confideration Money not being truly expressed and fet forth ift or upon any such Deed, Bond, 61' other Inftrument as aforesaid, unless the Duty or Duties adtualfy paid for the fame; shall be less than would have been payable for the fame; in cafe the full Purchafe or Confideration Money had been* truly expressed and fet forth according to the Directions of this*A&.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of Oftobtr One thousand eight hundred and eight, where, upon the Sale of any Eftate of inheritance or Freehold in any Lands Or Hereditaments in England, the fame shall be conveyed by Bargain and Sale inroUed* and also by Leafe and Releafe or Feoffment, it (nail be lawful for the said Gommiflioners of Stamps, and they are hereby required, on the Production of both Conveyances, and on Proof, to their Satisfaction; that the fiill Purchafe or Confideratioh Money is truly expressed and (ct forth therein,’ in the Manner hereby direaed, and on its appearing that the Releafe or Feoffment is damped with the ad valorem Duty hereby charged thereon, aud that the. Bargain

48 Geo. Ill*	N	4	*nd

Penalties on Attoiniet, &c. fur not infrrtin * the true Confideration in any Convex -ance, &c.

5001, and

Incapacity.

No Penalty unlrfs the Duty paid be Icfetlun the Duty payable.

Where Lands are conveyed by Bargain and Sals broiled, and also by Leafe and Releafe or Fepff-nent, die’boner ihall be specially (Utaned, to tef-tify Payment o€ the ad valorem Duty on the latter.

A.D. iSoS*.

Penalty on Of-ik'ers inroliitig PecHs of Bargain and Sale not duly (lamped sol.

X

On furrendcr'tig Copyhold Lands ia Court, the Confideration of Sale shall U fiated, &c.

i

i

C. 149.	48°	GEO.'	III.

and Sale is {lamped with the ordinary Duty hereby charged thereon, to cause the Deed of Bargain and Sale to be also (lamped with some particular Stamp, for testifying the Payment of the laid ad valorem Duty on the Releafe or Feoffment; and also where, upon the Sale of any such Edatc of Inheritance or Freehold, the fame shall be con-vcyed by Leafe and Release, and also by Feoffment, it shall be lawful tor the laid Commiflioners, and they are hereby required, on the Production of both Conveyances, and on Proof to their Satisfaction that the full Purchafe or Confideration Money is truly ex pressed and fet forth therein, in the Manner hereby directed, and on its appearing that the Releafe is (lamped with the ad valorem Duty hereby charged thereon, and that the Feoffment is (tamped with the ordinary Duty hereby charged thereon, to cause the Feoffment to be also (lamped with fomc particular Stamp for testifying the Payment cf the laid ad valorem Duty on the Release; and thereupon the Bargain and Sale in the former Cafe, and the Feoffment in the latter Cafe, shall be as available in Law, and of the like Force and Effest, in all Rc-fpe&s, as if the fame had been (lamped with the ad valorem Duty itself, but until th$ fame shall be so damped as aforefoid, the fame (ha& not be given in Evidence, or be available in any Manner whatsoever.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of any of His Majcfty’s Courts at lVejlmlnJler% or any Clerk of the Peace, or other Perfon intruded to inrol Deeds of Bargain and Sale of Eftates of Freehold in England, (hail inrol any Deed of Bargain and Sale, made after the Tenth Day of OSober One thousand eight hundred and eight, whereby any Freehold Lands or Hereditaments shall be conveyed to any Purchafer or Purchasers, or other Perfon or Perfons, by his, her, or their Direction, unless such Deed of Bargain and Sale shall appear to be (lamped with the proper ad valorem Duty, hereby cHargcd on Conveyances upon the Sale of Lands or other Property, according to the Amount of the Purphafe or Confideration Money therein expressed, or with such particular Stamp as aforesaid, for tefli-fying the Payment of the said ad valorem Duty on a Deed of Releafe or Feoffment of the fame Lands or Hereditaments, every such Officer or Clerk of the Peace, or other. Perfon so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

Conveyances of Property, contracted to be fold before 12tli jffrtl ** 1808, exempted from the ad valorem Duty, though executed after 4i 10th Ofiober 1808. § 29.”

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of OQoher One thousand eight hundred 'and eight, where any Copyhold or Cudomary Lands or Heredi tangents. shall be proposed to be surrendered in Court, the Perfon or Perfons, propodng to fur-render the fame, shall deliver to the Steward of the Manor or Honour, wherebf such Lands or Hereditaments shall be holden, a Note in writing, dating whether the Surrender proposed is upon a Sale or not upon a Sale, and in the former Cafe specifying the Amount of the Purchafe or Confideration Money agreed upon for such Lands or Hereditaments, to the Intent that the fame may be iuferted and fet forth, in Words at length, in or upon the Copy of Court Roll, to be afterwards piade out of such Surrender, pursuant to the Directions of this A&; and until such Note in writing shall be delivered, the Lord or Lady,. or Steward^ of the Manor, or Honour, shall not accept or

& -	take

A.D. i8o8.

547

48° GEO. III.	C.149.

take the proposed Surrender, on pain of forfeiting for every such Offence, tne Sum of Fifty Pounds; and where the proposed Sur- Penalties on render shall be upon a Sale, if the Steward shall neglect to insert the gt^[^’50j said Purchafe or Confideration Money, in or upon the Copy of Court gcc> Roll, to be afterwards made out of such Surrender, in Words at ’ length, he shall for every such Offence forfeit* the Sum of Fifty Pounds: and if upon the Sale of any such Lands or Hereditaments, any Perfon or Perfons shall in the Note so to be delivered as aforesaid, ft ate the proposed Surrender to be not upon a Sale, he, she or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Penalty for in* Tenth Day of 08oberf where any Copyhold or Cuftomary Lands or rolling Surren-Hereditaments shall be intended to be conveyed to any Perfon or' de»<n*tofCourt, Perfons (either upon the Sale or Mortgage thereof, or otherwife) by

means of a Surrender made out of Court, or by a Deed of Bargain &e. not

and Sale, or other Deed, by Commiifionere named in a Cpmmimon duly fUmped;

of Bankrupt, or by Executors or others, by virtue of a Power .given 50L,

by Will or by A ft of Parliament, the Lord or Lady or Steward of

the Manor or Honour, whereof such Lands or Hereditaments shall be

Parcel or be holden, shall not inrol any such Surrender or Deed, or

accept any Preferment thereof, or admit any Perfon to be Tenant

of such Lands or Hereditaments, under or by virtue of the fame re-

fpeftively, unless such Deed or Surrender, or the Memorandum of

fuch Surrender, shall be duly damped with the Duty hereby charged

thereon respectively, on pam of forfeiting for every such Offence, th£

Sum of Fifty Pounds.	✓

XXXII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Lord or Lady, Penalty on taking

or Steward'of any Manor or Honour, shall after the said Tepth Day Surrenders, or of October, accept or take any Surrender, or admit any Perfon Tenant granting Admif-of any Copyhold or Cuftomary Lands or Hereditaments, out of Court, 'r^^^dui^ or make any voluntary Grant of any such Lands or Hereditaments, ^	*

out of Court, or grant any Licence to demise any such Lands or Hereditaments, out of Court, without caufingthe fame, or1 some Memoran- f

vdum thereof respectively, to be put in Writing on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, duly damped with the proper Duty hereby charged thereon respectively, then and in every such Cafe, he or she mail for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes of Sur- penalty on Ste#-renders, Admittances, and voluntary Grants, of or to any Copyhold ards of Manors or Cuftomary Lands or Hereditaments, and in all Cafes of Licences neglecting to to demise any "fuch Lands or Hereditaments, which shall betaken, make out and da-made or granted in.Court, after the Tenth Day of October One thou- ^>n*whh-fand eight hundred and eight, the Steward of the Manor or Honour in Four Month*

* whereof such Lands or Hereditaments shall be Parcel or be holden, duly damped,

. shall make out a Copy of Court Roll of every such Surrender, Admit- < sol. ' tance, voluntary Grant, and Licence to demise, on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, duly damped accordingto the Direftionsof this Aft, within Four Calendar Months next after the Surrender, Admittance, voluntary Grant, or Licence, shall be made or granted, and shall deliver ^ the fame to the Party or Parties entitled thereto, or any other Perfon authorised to receive the fame, whenever the fame shall be called fot, after the Expiration of Cuch Four Calendar months.; and if the fame shall not be called for, then the Steward shall deliver the fame to the JJailiff of the Manor or Honour, or to the Crier o£ the Court, or to

N n 2	font

48’ GEO. III.

A.D. i8ol.

Sump Duty, a I)«:bt to the King.

Feet.

Steward* of Manors may infilt on. Payment oi ' Fees and the Scimp Duty, before ai-ccjjfinjy Surrenders, ike.

t*r >hatrs of * With and letters of Adininiftr* tion valid u* to Truft Property, althwii^h tiie Value thereof be hot covered by the S.anp Duty

.€*149.

fomc Copyhold or Cuftomary Tenant of the Manor or Honour, for the Ufc of the Party or Parties entitled thereto, at the next General Court to be holden for the said Manor or Honour; and if any such Steward {hall neglect to make out and deliver such Copy or Copies of Court Roll, in the Manner and within the,Time aforesaid, he fhaU forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every such Surrender, Admittance, voluntary Grant, an A Licence to demise, of. which he shall neglect to make out and deliver a Copy of Court Roll, in the Manner and within the Time aferesaid; and the Stamp’Duty, payable in refpecfc of every such Copy of Court Roll, shall be a Debt to His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, of the Steward so neglecting to make out and deliver the fame, whether he shall have received the Duty or not 5 and if It? shall not have received the Duty, the fame shall also be a Debt to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeflors, of the Party or Parties entitled to such Copy of Court Roll; and the said Steward shall also be bound to make out and deliver (uch Copy of Court Roll to the Party or Parties entitled thereto, whenever afterwards the fame shall be demanded, without being paid any Fees for the fame; and if any Fees shall have befcn previoully paid to him for the fame, such Fees shall be deemed to have been paid without Confederation, and the Party or Parties, who paid such Fees, his, her, or their Executors or Adminiftrators, shall be entitled to recover back the fame, in an Action for Money had and received to his, her, or their Ufe, with full Cofts of Suit.

XXXIV.	And be it further enabled, Thjit it shall -be lawful for the Steward of any Manor or Honour, previously to the Acceptance of any Surrender, or the granting or making of any Admittance, voluntary Grant, or Licence, to demise, iu Court, from and after the Tenth Day of Ottober One thousand eight hundred and eight, to demand and infill on the Payment of his lawful Fees for the fame, and for the Copy of Court Roll to be made out thereof, together with the Stamp Duty payable on such Copy of Court Roll 5 and lb cafe of Non-payment of such Fees and Stamp Duty, it shall be lawful for the*Lord or Lady, or Steward of the Manor, to refuse to accept the Surrender, or to ^rant the Admittance or Licence, or to make the voluntary Grant, which fl>all be proposed or have been contracted for, until such Fees and Stamp Duties shall be paid*

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the « palling of this A&, the Probate of the Will of any Perfon deceased,

or the Letters of Admini ft ration of the EfffefUof any Perfon dcceased, heretofore granted, or to be hereafter granted, either before or upon or after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, shall be deemed arid taken to be valid, and available by the Executors or Admiiuftrators of the Dcceased, for recovering, transferring or assigning any Debt or Debts, or other Perfonal Eftate or Eftv&s, whereof or whereto the Deceafcd was node (Ted or entitled, cither wholly or partially, ns a Ti ultee, notwithstanding the Amount or Value of such Debt or Debts, or other Perfonal Eftate or Effe&s» or the Amount or Value of so much thereof, or such Intcreft therein, as was Truft Property in the Deceafcd (as the Cafe may be) shall not be included in the Amount or V alue of the Estate, in re(pe& of which the Stamp Dufy was paid on such Probate cr Letters of Adminif. tration*

XXXVI.An*

A.D. i8c8.	48°	GEO.	III.	C. 149;

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That where the Executors or Adminiftrators, of any Perfon deceased shall be desirous of transferring or of receiving the Dividends of any Share, (landing in the Name of* the Deceased, of and in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds transfcrrable at the Bank of England, or of and in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of apd in the Stock and Funds of any other Company, Corporation, or Society whatsoever, passing by Transfer in the Books of such Company, Corporation, • or Society, under and by virtue of any iuch Probate or Letters of Adminiftration as aforesaid, and shall alledge that the Deceafed was possessed thereof or entitled thereto, either wholly-or partially, as a Trultee, it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and for any such other Company, Corporation or Society as aforesaid, or their respective Officers, for their Indemnity and Protedion, to require such Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fad, as herein-after is mentioned, if the Fad shall not othepvile fatisfadonly appear; and thereupon to permit such Executors or Adminiftrators to transfer the Stock or Fund in question, or receive the Dividends thereof, without regard to the Amount of the Stamp Duty on the Probate of the Will of the Deceased, or the Letters of Adminiftration of his or her Effeds: And where the Executors or Adminiftrators of any Perfon deceased shall have occasion to recover any Debt or Debts, or other perftmal Effeds, due or apparently belonging to the Deceased, and shall alledge that the Deceafed was possessed thereof or entitled thereto, either wholly or partially, as a Truftee, it (haft be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons, liable to pay or deliver such Debt or Debts or other Effeds, to require such Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fad as herein-after is mentioned, if the Fad shall not otherwise fatisfadonly appear; and thereupon to pay, deliver, or make over the Debt or Debts, or other Effeds in question, to such Executors or Adminiftrators, or as they shall direct, without regard to the Amount of the Stamp Duty on the Probate of the Will or the Deceased, or the Letters of Adminiftration of his or her Effeds : And; where the Executors or Adminiftrators of any Perfon deceased shall have occasion to assign or transfer any Debt or Debts due to the Deceased, or any Chattels Real, or other Personal Effeds, whereof or whereto the'Deceafed was possessed or entitled, and (hall* diledge that the fame respectively was or were due to or veiled in the Deceased, either wholly or partially, as a Truftee, it shall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons, to whom or for whose Ufe such Debt or Debts, Chattels Real, or other Perfonal Effeds, shall be proposed to be aiflgned or transferred, to require such Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fad as herein-after is mentioned,, if the Fad shall not other-wife fatisfadonly appear; and thereupon to accept the proposed Alignment or Transfer, without regard to the Amount of the Stamp-Duty on the Probate of the Will of the Deceased, or the Letters of Adminiftration of his or her Effeds.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted. That upon any fnch Re?, quifition as aforesaid, the Executqr or Executors, Adminiftrator or Adminiflrators, of the Deceased, or fotpe other Perfon or Perfons, to whom the Fads shall be known, shall make a special Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fads and Circumftances of the Cafe, dating the. property in question, find that the Deceafed had not any beneficial

N n 3	Iutercft

K9

Where Executor*, &e. alledge, tluu any Property wi vrited iit the Deceased, as* Trultee, a l'pet ial Affidavit thereof may be required in the several lul'uncc* specified.

Particular* tote1' stated in such Affidavits by Executors, &c. refpedtipg; Trull Property,

A.D.i8oS

S5«f'

C. 149.

48* GEO. III.

Penalty of Perjury for false 1 Oath.* '

Executor* and others intromitting with the Effects in Scotland, of any Perfon dying after the roth Oa« 1808, shall exhibit an Inventory thereof, in the Commiflkry Court there, 1 duly ftamped}

Intereft whatever in the fame, or no other Beneficial Intereft therein than shall be particularly mentioned and fet forth (as the Cafe may be), but was pofTefTed thereof or entitled thereto, either wholly or in part (as the Cafe may be) in trust for some other Perfon or Per-fons, whose Name or Names, or other sufficient Description, shall be specified in such Affidavit or Affirmation, or for such Purpofes as shall be specified therein 9 and that the Beneficial Intereft of the Deceased, if any, in the Property in question, doth not exceed a certain Value to be therein also specified, according to the best Efti-xnate that can be made thereof, if reversionary or contingent, and that the Amount or Value of the Estate, for which the Stamp Duty was paid on the Probate of, the Will of the Deceased, or on the Letters of Adminiftradon of his or her Effe&s, is sufficient to include and cover such Beneficial Intereft of the Deceased, as well as the Reft of the Perfonal Estate, whereof or whereto the Deceafed was beneficially pofTefTed or entitled, and for which such Probate or Letters of Ad-miniftration shall have been granted, as far as the fame have comp 'to the Knowledge of such Executor or Executors, Adminiftrator or Adminiftrators; and where the Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fads and Circumftanccs of the Trails shall be made by any other Perfon than the Executor or Executors, Adminiftrator or Adminiftrators of the Deceased, such Executor or Executors, Adminiftrator or Adminiftratbrs, shall make Affidavit or Affirmation, that the fame are true to the best of his, her, or their Knowledge, and that the Property in question isintended to be applied and disposed of accordingly; which Affidavits or Affirmations shall be sworn or made before a Matter in Chaneery, ordinary or extraordinary, (who is hereby authorized to take the fame, and administer the proper Oath or Affirmation for that Purpofe) and shall be delivered to. the Party or Parties requiring the fame, and shall be sufficient to indemnify and protect the Party or Parties acting upon the Faith thereof; and if any Perfon or Perfons, making any such Affidavit or Affirmation as afore-said, shall knowingly and wilfully make a false Oath or Affirmation, of or concerning any of the Matters to be therein specified and fet forth, 4very Perfon so. offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall he subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties, as by any Law now in force, Perfons coiivi&ed of wilful and corrupt Perjury are fubie& and liable to.	v

aXXVIII. And he it further enacted, That all and every Perfon or Perfons, who as Executor or Executors, nearest in Rin, Creditor or Creditors, or otherwise, shall intromit with or enter upon the Pof-feffion or Management of any personal or moveable Eftate or Efie&s in Scotland* of any Perfon dying after the Tenth Day of O&ober One thousand eight hundred and emit, shall, on or before disposing of or distributing any Part of such Eftate or Efsects, or uplifting any Debt due to the peceased, and at all Events within Six Calendar Months next after having assumed such PofTeffion or Management, in whole or in part, and before any such Perfon or Perfons fnall be confirmed Executor or Executors, testamentary or dative, exhibit upon Oath or solemn Affirmation, in the proper ComitiifTary Court in Scotland (which Oath or Affirmation any Judge of or Commiffioner appointed by such Cotiit is hereby authorized to administer, and which Oath or Affirmation shall not be chargeable with any Stamp Duty) a full and true Inventory, duly stamped a* required by this Aof all the

perfonal

A.D. i8o8.

ss*

48° GEO. III.	C.149.

perfonal or moveable Eftate and Effe&s of the Deceased, already recovered or known to be existing, distinguishing what shall be situated in Scotland, and what elsewhere, together with any Teftament or other Writing relating to the Difpofal of. such Eftate and Effe&s, or any Part thereof, which the Perfon or Perfons, exhibiting such Inventory,

(hall have in his, her, or their Cultody or Power; which said In,

- ventory, together with such Teftament or other' Writing (if any such there be) shall be recorded in the Books of the said Court, without any other Expencc to the Party than the Ordiuary Fees of Regiftra-tion ; and if at any subsequent Period a Difcovery shall be made of and an additional any other Effects belonging to the Deceased, air additional Inventory Inventory, on or additional Inventories of the fame shall, within Two Calendar v	ollier

Months after the Difcovery thereof, be in like Manner exhibited	L *

upon Oath or solemn Affirmation, by any Perfon or Perfons, intromitting with or aifuming the Management of such Effe&s, which additional Inventory or Inventories shall also be recorded in the Manner aforesaid ; ’and in cafe any Perfon or‘Perfons, hereby required Penalty for to exhibit any such Inventory or Inventories as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect so to do, within the Time preferibed for that Purpose, or Jot shall knowingly omit any Part of the Ellate or Effe&s of the Deceafed	°

therein, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offepee, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered by ordinary A&ion or summary Complaint, in the Sheriff, Stewart, or Borough Court, or before any Juftice of the Peace, of the Shire, Stewartry, or Borough, where the Perfon or Perfons sued or complained of shall reside ; which Court or Juftice shall have Power, if there shall appear Cause, to mitigate such Penalty, so that the fame be not reduced below one Moiety thereof, besides Cods of Suit; and the Perfon or Perfons so offending shall also be charged and chargeable with, and be holden liable to the Payment of double the Amount of the Stamp Duty? which would have been payable upon .fuch Inventory or Inventories’ so neglc&ed to be exhibited, according to the Amount or Value of the Eftate and Effe&s, which ought to have been fperiiied therein, or double the Amount of the further or increased Stamp Duty, which ' would have been payable upon any such Inventory or Inventories •exhibited, in respect of the Eftate or Effe&s so omitted therein as aforesaid, as the Cafe may require j which double Duty shall be deemed and taken to be a Debt to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffors, of the Perfon or Perfons liable to pay the fame, and shall and may bo sued for and recovered accordingly.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every1 the In- Such Inventories ventory and Inventories, so to be exhibited and recorded as aforesaid, being record^, shall be retained by the Clerk of the Commiflary Court, wherein the fame, shall be exhibited^ and shall be transmitted by him from Time ritor of Stamp* to Time, as often as required, together with the said Oath or at-fetyubuith. Affirmation relating thereto, to the Solicitor of Stamp Duties at Edinburgh, who shall fife and preserve the fame in the Stamp Office {.here 5 and if the Clerk of any such Court shall fail to record, retain, dr transmit any fych Inventory, which shall be exhibited thereto be.

-recorded as aforesaid, or shall receive or record any fqch Inventory, #	i

which shall not be duly stamped as the Law requires, he shall, for ' every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds,

XL. And be it further enacted. That where any such additional AddHlrmal Tn-* inventory shall be exhibited to be recorded as aforesaid, the fame fhall

Nn4	alfo

A.D. i8o8.

S3 2

C. 149.

48? GEO. III.

the former {halt I>e repaid to the Party.

Amount of the	alfo fpeeffy the Amount or Value of the Eftate and Effe&s of the

in former fame person, compiled in any former Inventory or Inventories ; and sHm^Dutvihall	Stamp Duty to be charged on such additional Inventory, shall be

hc^Kl acceding the ad valorem Duty, payable in respect of the total Amount or Value to the Total;	pf the Efiate and Effeds specified therein, and in any such former

and the Durr on Inventory or Inventories; and upon any such additional Inventory, duly (lamped, being recorded and transmitted as aforesaid, the Solicitor pf Stamp Dpries shall, upon the Application of the Party, who shall have exhibited the fame, deliver out to fitch Party the former Inventory, jjrith a Certificate thereon signed by him, bearing that an additional Inventory of the Effe&s of the Deceafed duly damped, had been transmitted to him, and filed as aforesaid; and such Certificate shall entitle the Party exhibiting the additional Inventory, to demand and receive the Amount of the Stamp Duty on such former Inventory, from the Head Di ft rib 11 tor of Stamps at Edinburgh, who shall pay the fame out of any Monies in his Hands, arising from the T)uties. hereby charged qu such Inventories as aforesaid, on a proper Receipt being given for the fame, and upon the former Inventory and Certificate being delivered to him, tu be produced with the Receipt as a * Voucher for such Payment.

XLI. provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Duty charged in the Schedule hereunto annexed upon any such Inventory, %o be exhibited *ts afpresaid, shall be deemed and taken to be charged and payable only in respect of the Amount or Value of such Parts of the Eftate and Effcfts therein mentioned as shall be situated in Scotland.

XLII. And fye it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Commifiaiy Court in Scotlandto grant Confirmation of any Teiiamens, leftamentary ojr dative, or eik thereto, of or for any Eftate qr EfFeQs whatever, of aqy Perfon dying after the Tenth Day of 0Holer One' thoufaud eight hundred and eight, unless the fame shall be mentioned and included in fomq such inventory, exhibited and recorded as aforefyid ; and it shall not bp competent to any Ex* ecutor or Executors, of other Perfon. or Perfons, to recover any Debt or other Effect in Scotland, of o* belonging to any Perfon dying after the said Tenth Day of Odobcr9 unlefs- the fame shall have been preyioufly ipqluded in fume fuqti Inventory, exhibited and re* corded as aforesaid; except the fame respectively were vested in the Deceased, as a Trustee for any other Perfon or Perfons, and not beneficially ; but these Provifions are not, in other Refpe&s, to pre* judice the Law* of Scotland, regarding total or partial Confirmation^ or the Rules of Succeffion there eftabliftied.

“ Commissioners authorized to remit Penalties incurred before palling " this AA9 by Non-payment of the Duty on Legacies, if the Duty J* in Arrear shall be paid on or before 31 January 1869. $ 43-” '

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes not provided for by the preceding CJause, where any Receipt or Difcbacge given for any Ecgacy* °F for the Refidue, or any Share of the Reiidue, of any Perfona) Estate, which shall Jiave bee# given by Will or other Pk ofD testamentary Inftripoent, or have devolved to aqy Perfon or Perfons andPenalty; ud f*P9n Iuteftacy, (hajl be	to	the Head Office, to be damped

remit Penalty after the Expiration of Threp £a{endar Months from the Date thereof* (within 21 Days) it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to caqfe the-fame to* be O^t&itaL^	for	making	the fame availably on Payment of the

*	"	Duty*

Duty on such JnvcntOTyfiiaH lie only in refpedi of Effeifis in Scotland.

Confirmations of TtHamenis ftmli, he granted only for Effe£s included in such Inventory. Executors /hall tim recover Dfe&s tinlcfs so ineluded: (’except Truft Property;.

Commi/fioners may (lamp Receipt! for Legacies, after Three Month* from the Date, on

A*D* 18o8<



48P GEO. m.

P« *49*

to

Duties fl»1I be paid to the Re* ccivpt General, and by him into the Exchequer.

• 46 G.3.C.8U § 1*.

Duty, which shall be payable in respect thereof, together with tint Penalty incurred, in cOnfequence of the fame not having been brought to be (tamped, before the Expiration of such Three Calendar Months s and where any such Receipt or Difcharge shall have been fignea out of Great Britain, if the fame shall be brought to be damped, within Twenty-one Days after its being received in Great Britain, it (hail be lawful for the (aid Commimoners to remit any Penalty that may have been incurred thereon, and to cause the fame to bo duly damped, on Payment of the Duty payable in respect thereof; any thing contained in any former Adi or Ads to the contrary notwithstanding.

“ The Duties on Admifliong of Solicitors, &c.. in Scotland, shall take «* place immediately from the palling of this Ad. $ 45.”

XLVI. And be it further enacted. That all the Monies toarife from the. Duties granted by this Ad, together with the Monies to arise from the Duties granted by the aforesaid A& of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, and remaining unrepealed, and from the Duties on Licences to deal in Thread Lace, granted by an'

Ad of the Forty-fixth Year of His Majefty’s Reign*, and now under the Management of the Commifiioners of Stamps, shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, who shall from Time to Time pay the fame into the Bank of England for safe Cudody, purluant to' the Ad in that Cafe made and provided, and shall thereafter pay the fame, (after deduding the Charges of railing, colleding, ana r accounting for the lame, and all other Charges fird payable thereout) into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wefiminjler, in one Sum, at such Times, and in such Manner, as the present Stamp'

Duties are by the Laws in force directed to be paid j and that the Money so paid into the said Receipt shall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain•

' XLVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Appropriate tenth Day of QQoher One thousand eight hundred and eight, out of Duties, the Mdnies so to be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer as afore*

(aid, there shall be fet apart the yearly Sum of Three Millions nine hundred and fifty-fix thousand seven hundred and ninety Pounds and Ten-pence, being the aggregate Amount of the net yearly Produce of the Duties, granted by the aforesaid Ads of the Forty-fourth and Forty-fifth Years of His Majefty’s Reign, (except the Duties on Lottery Licences and Shares of Tickets since repealed, and except the Duties on Ale Licences and Game Certificates, which are intended to be removed from the Management of the Commifiioners of Stamps by certain Ads of the present Sefiion) upon an Average of Two Years, ending on the Fifth Day of January last, and of the Net Produce of tne Duties on Appraisements and Licences to Appraifers, granted by the aforesaid Ad of the Forty-fixth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for One Year, ending on the fame Fifth Day of January ; and which said yearly Sum shall be fet apart, by Four equal Portions Quarterly, on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of /Ipr'd, the Fifth Day of Juh, and the Tenth Day of October in every Year 3 and them shall also be fet apart, at the Exchequer, quarterly, on the Days aforesaid, or as soon after as the fame can be done, such further Sum, asihall be equal to Uie Net Produce of the Duties on 1	/	Licences

AaD* iSO^i

S54

C. +49*

48° GEO. in..

An Kqnjraxnt frctired to Scotland for additional Duties on Deeds, &c. nfed there, from wliich Scotland was exempt by tl«t* Ael of

bv low Duties pt» Charters of gnaiion, &c.

Licences to deal in Thread Lace, granted by the aforesaid Aft of the Forty-fixth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, of which a separate Account shall be kept at the Stamp Office, and be transmitted to the Exchequer ; and after setting apart the laid several Sums, the Remainder of the Monies io to be paid into' the Exchequer as aforesaid, fhali be deemed an Addition made to the publick Revenue of Great Britain* for the Purpofe of defraying the increased Annual Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created, by virtue of any Aft or Adi palFed or to be palled in the present Seffion of Parliament.

XLVIII. * And whereas by the Aft for the Union of the Two

*	Kingdoms of England and Scotland\ it was declared that during th“

*	Continuance of the respective Duties on itamped Paper, Vellum and

*	Parchment, by the several Afts then in force in England* Scotland 4 should not be charged therewith, and that Scotland should not b*

*	charged with any other Duties to be laid on by the Parliament of ‘ England before the Union s And whereas at the Time of palling the

*	Aft of Union, the Stamp Duties, in force in England, were tho£r

*	granted by an Aft of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King 4 William and Queen Mary, for a Term of Years, and continued by

*	fubfequent Afts till the First Day of Avgujl One thousand fe^en

*	hundred and ten, and those granted by an Aft of the Ninth Year of 4 King William, for ever; and before the Union, the Duties, granted

*	by {he Aft of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William and Queen ‘ Mary, were continued for a further Term of Ninety-fix Years, from

*	the last Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ten, during ‘ which Period Scotland was entitled to an Exemption*from the fame:

*	And whereas by an Aft pafTed in the First Seffion of the Parliament

*	of Great Britain, the faid'Duties, granted by the Aft of the Fifth 4 and Sixth Years of King William and Queen Mary, were continued 4 for One Year more after the Expiration of the said Ninety-fix Years,

*	and were made payable throughout the whole Kingdom of Gre.zt 4 Britain, and the fame .Duties were afterwards made perpetual by ‘ an Aft of the First Year of the Reign of King George the Fidl;

*	fo that those Duties would,have been now payable in Scotland, *f 4 all the existing Stamp Duties had not been repealed by the aforefaid

*	Aft of the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, ar.d

*	other Duties granted in lieu thereof; in which Aft, Scotland is not 4 charged equally with England, by reason of the Exemptions then

*	in force ; And whereas Scotland not being any longer entitled, under 4 the Aft of Union, to an Exemption from the Amount of the Stamp

*	Duties, granted by the said Aft of the Fifth and Sixth Years of

*	King William and Queen Mary, and it being more convenient ar.i ‘ delirable, that one uniform Rate of Stamp Duty should be payable

*	in England and Scotland, upon all Deeds and Inftrumenis common ? to both, the Duties upon all such Deeds and Inftruments are ‘ equalized in the Schedule hereunto annexed ; and itlbeing reasonable,

*	that Scotland should have some other Exemption, by way of Equi-4 valent for the A mount of the Duties granted by the said Aft of the

*	Ninth Year of King William, the Duties now payable in Scotland 4 upon Charters of Refignation, Inftruments of Seifin, and other In-

*	ftruments in life there, for the completing or renovating of Titles to ? Lands and other heritable Subjests, are, in the said Schedule liere-f unto annexed, reduced from Fourteen Shillings to Seven Shillings:

*	Now, in order to preserve and secure such Equivalent to. Scotland,*

be

/

A.D. i8o8

5 55

48* GEO. III.

C. 149.

be it further cnaded and declared, That the said Duties so reduced, in Scotland, shall not at any Time hereafter be added to or increased, in any greater Degree, than the Duties of Fifteen Shillings, charged in the laid Schedule hereunto annexed, on Surrenders and other Lift ruments of or relating 'to Copyhold Lands in England; and that if the said lad-mentioned Duties shall at any Time hereafter be reduced, the said Duties on Charters of Refignation, fnftrumcnts of Seidn and other Indruments, for the completing or renovating of Titles to Lands and heritable Subjects in Scotland, shall alio be reduced in the fame Degree.

V A & may be altered or repealed this Seflion. § 49.”

The SCHEDULE to which this A& refer*,

SCHEDULE,

>.	*	1

PART THE FIRST:

Containing the Duties on ADMISSIONS to Offices, ; « on Inftruments of CONVEYANCE, CONTRACT, OBLIGATION, and SECURITY for Money; on DEEDS in general; and on other INSTRUMENTS, Matters and Things, not falling under either cf the Two following Heads.

PART THE SECOND:

Containing the Duties on LAW PROCEEDINGS, or Proceedings in the Admiralty and Ecciefiailical Courts, and in the feyeral Courts of Law and Equity at Wejlminjlery and

' other Courts in Great Britain, and in the Offices belonging thereto, and before the Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper or Commissioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal, in Matters of Bankruptcy and Lunacy.

PART THE THIRD:

Containing the Duties on PROBATES of Wills and Letters of ADMINISTRATION; on CONFIRMATIONS of Teftaments, testamentary and dative; on INVENTORIES to be exhibited in the CommifTary Courts in Scotland; on LEGACIES out of Real or Perfonal, Heritable or Moveable Estate; and on SUCCESSIONS to Perfonal or Moveable Eftate? upon Inteftacy.	#

ADM1S-

55*

C,i49»

4«° GEO. Ill*

A.D. 180S.

ADMISSION of any Perfon to aft as an Advocate, in any of the Eccleiiaflical Courts, or in the High Court, of Admiralty,* iu England; or in any of the Cotlrts of Juftice in Scotland

'	Exemption	from	the	preceding	and	all	other

Stamp Duties.

. Where an Advocate, admitted in one Court in England, jhail he admitted as an Advocate in any other Court in England; or being admitted in one Court in Scotland, jhail be admitted as an Advocate in any other Court in Scotland ; Lis latter Admifjton jhail he free of Dutyf provided he Jhail have paid the proper Stamp Duty on his former Admijjton, according to the Laws then in force.	'

ADMISSION of any Perfon to the Degree of a Barrifter at Law, in either of the Inns of Court in England; for the Regifter or Entry thereof -

ADMISSION of any Perfon to aft as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Proftor, in any Court in England; or as a Sworn Clerk, Side Clerk, Clerk in Court, or other Clerk or Officer, in any Court in England, whose Bulinefs and Emoluments (like those of an Attorney or Solicitor) Audi depend upon his being retained and employed by Clients or Suitors, and shall therefore be whojjy uncertain in Amount	«	-

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Where any Pfrfon9 duly admifled an Attorney in either of His Majejly’s Courts at Wfl~ piin/ler, or in either oj the Courts of the Great Seffions in Wales, or of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, end Durham, JhalLhe also admitted to a8 as an Attorney in any other of the feud Courtsy or in any inferior Court of Law, or as a Solicitor in any Court . 9f Equity, in England, the latter Admiffon Jhail he free of Duty :

And where any Perfon, dffy admitted a Solicitor in the Court of Chancery or Exchequer at , Wejlmittjler, or in cither of the Courts of the 4	Great	SrJJions	in Wales, or of the Duchy of

Lancajler, or of the Counties Palatini of Chfier, Lancaster, and Durham, Jhail hi also admitted to aft as a Solicitor in any other of the said Courts, or in any inferior Court of Equityor as an Attorney in any Court of Law in England, the latter Admijjwn Jhail he free of Duty:





5 000

20 o #

SCHEDULE, PART I.	Duty.

ADMISSION—continued*	s.

Provided fueh Attorney or Solicitor shall have paid the proper Stamp Duty on hit former Admiffon, according to the Law then in force.

But in all Cafes not expressly exempted, the laid Duty is to be paid on every Admiifiou of the fame Perfon.

d.

ADMISSION of any Perfon to aft as a Writer to the Signet, or as a Solicitor, Agent, At- L torney, or Procurator, in any^Court in Scotland 5 or as a Clerk or Officer in any Court in Scotland, whose Bufinefs and Emoluments (like those of a Solicitor) (balk depend upon his being retained and employed by Clients or Suitors, and shall therefore be wholly uncertain in Amount

And where any Perfon shall be admitted to aft. as a Solicitor', or Agent, in the Court of’ Seffion, Judiciary, or Commiffion of Teinds in Scotland, who shall not have served an Apprcnticefliip for Five Years, to a Writer to the Signet, or to a Solicitor or Agent, under regular Articles or Indentures of Clerkship, or Apprenticeship, which shall have paid the Stamp Duty, payable by Law for the fame at the Date thereof; his Ad-miffion shall be charged with a further Duty of

J\nd where any Perfon shall be admitted to aft as a Procurator or Solicitor, in the High Court of Admiralty in Scotland% the Commiilary Court at Edinburgh, or any inferior Court in Scotland\ who shall not have served an Apprentice ship foV Five Years, to a Writer to the Signet, or to a Solicitor, Agent, or Procurator, under regular Articles or Indentures of Clerklhip or Apprentice-(hip, which shall have paid the Stamp Duty, payable by Law for the fame at the Date thereof; his Admiffion shall be charged with a further Duty of

20 o

SS «

2* •



<a

a

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Where any Perfon, duly admitted a Writer to the Signet^ or a Solicit or 9 Agent, or Attorney, in either of the Courts of Sejfton, Jujliciary, Exchequer, or Commiffion of Teinds* shall he also admitted to aS in either of those Capacities injtny other or others of the fame Courts : his loiter Admiffion shall be free of Duty : Where any Perfon, duly admitted a Solicitor or Procurator in the High Court of Ad-

ADMISSION—continued.

mhralty, or in the Com miffary Court at Edinburgh, Jhali be also admitted a Solicitor or Procurator in the other of those Courts; his latter AdmiffonJhali be free of Duty :

And where any Perfon, duly admitted a Solicitor or Procurator in any of the inferior Courts in Scotland, Jhali be also admitted a Solicitor or Procurator in any other or others of the fame Courts ; his latter Admiffon Jhali be free of Duty :

Provided in each, of the foregoing Cases, the proper Stargp Duty Jhali have been paid, on '	ihe former Admiffidn of such Perf on, according to the Laws then in force•	«

But in all Cafes not expressly exempted, the ' said Duty is to be paid on every Admiffion of the fame Perfon.

£• /• d+

ADMISSION of any Perfon as a Mailer in ordinary in Chaneery, or as one of the Six Clerks, or one of the Cunitprs, of the Court of Chancery in England; or as p. Sworn Clerk, Side Clerk, Clerk in Court or other Clerk or Officer what-soever, in any Court in Great Britain, who msft necessarily be,employed to do certain official , Bufinefs, and whose Emoluments shall therefore «. be so far fixed and certain ;

Where the Salary, Fees, and Emoluments of the Office or Appointment ihall not amount to .50I. per Annum And where the fame ihall amount to 50I. and ‘ not amount to iool. per Annum And where the fame ihall amount to iool.

and r.ot amount to 200I. per Annum And where the fame ihall amouut to 200I.

and not amount to 3ool. per Annum	* •

And where the fame shall amount to 300I. and not amount to 500I. per Annum And where the fame shall amount to 500I. and * not amount to 750I. per Annum

A»d wheVe the fame ihall amount to 750I. and not amount to iccol. per Annum And where the fame Ihall amount to ioool.

and not amount to 1,5001. per Annum And where the fame ihall amount to 1,5001.

and not amount to 2,oqo1. per Annum And where the fame ihall amount to 2,ocol.

and not amount to 3,oool. per Annum And where the fame shall amouut to 3,oool. or upwards per Annum

The said Fees and Emoluments to be "eftimated according to the Average

I	IO	0
3	0	0
5	0	0
10	0	0
20	0	0
30	0	0
40	0	0
5°	0	a
75	0	0
100	0	0
IJO	0	O

A.D.1808. 48° GEO. IIL	C.149.
SCHEDULE, PART I.	Duty.
ADMISSION—continued.  Amount thereof for Three Years preceding, if practicable ; and if not, • according to the belt Information that • can be obtained.	£* d.
Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties*  Where any Officer shall he admitted annually, every Admiffion after the jirfi jhalljft free of Duty, provided the proper Duty shall 'have hi'cu paid on his first jfdmiffion• all! Admiffions of Officers proceeding upon ary Grants of or Appointments to Offices, which shall he charged with the Duties herein-after mentioned*  But in all Cafes not expressly exempted, the proper Duty is to be paid on every Admijfion of the fame Perfon.	'
ADMISSION of any Perfon to act as a Notar)' Publick.—See Faculty.	1

ADMISSION of .any Perfon to be a Member of either of the Four Inns of Court in England ADMISSION of any Perfon to be a Member of either of the Societies, commonly called Inns of Chaneery, in England ADMISSION of any Perfon to be a Fellow of the College of Phyficians, in England or Scotland -ADMISSION or Licence of any Petfon, by the College of Phyficians, in England, to exercise the Faculty of Phyfick in the City of London and within Seven Miles thereof ADMISSION or Matriculation of any Perfon in either of the Univerfities^ in England ADMISSION of any Perfon to the Degree of a Bachelor of Arts, in cither of the Uni verities in England, for the Regifter or Fntry thereof.

If conferred in the ordinary Courfe of the Univerfity	-	-	-

If conferred by special Grace, or Royal Mandate, or by reason of Nobility, or otherwise mt of the ordinary Courfe ADMISSION of any Perlon to any other Degree in either of the Univerfities in England, for the Regifter or Entry thereof.

If conferred m the ordinary Courfe of the Univerfity	-

If conferred by special Grace, or Royal Mandate, or by reason of Nobility or otherwise out of the ordinary Course, conferring any Right of Election in fach Univerfity

20 o •

20 O O

IO o o

O 10 o

3 o* o

S 9

6 *

io o o

559

ADMISSION—continued.

ADMISSION of any Perfop to the Degree of Do&or of Medicine, in either of the Univerfities, in Scotland	-	,	-	k

Note.—The said herein-before mentioned Du-v ties on Admiflions are, in all Cafes not expflefsty provided for, to be charged on the Inftruments of Admiilion, delivered to the Perfons admitted, by whatsoever Name the fame may be c&led, if there be any, such; or if not, on thtf Regifter, Entry, or Memorandum of each Admiilion, in the Rolls, Books/ or Records of the Court, Coliege, Inn, or Society, in which the Admif&on shall be made; of for Want thereof, on the Refcript or Warrant for such Admiflioii.

ADMISSION of any Perffcn into inj Corporation or Company, in any City, Borough, Burgh, or. Town Corporate, in Great Britain 5 for the Regifter, Entry, or Memorandum thereof, in the Court Book, Roll, or Record of such Corpora-^>n or Company;

Where the Admiilion ftiaff be in respect of feirtb, Apprenticeihip, or Marriage And where the fame shall be upon any other Ground	-

£.

d:

IO o c

% © •

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Tie Admiffons of Craftfmen or others entering in any Corporation, within any Royal Burgh, Burgh of Regality, or Burgh of Barony, in Scotland, incorporated by the Magijlrates and Council of such Burgh ; provided such * Craftfmen or others shall • have been pre-viovjfiy admitted Freemen or Burgejfes of the J&urgh, and have paid the proper Stamp Duty on such Admiflicnt according to the Laws then in force.

ADMISSION to Eccleftaftical Benefices in Scotland.

—Sec Collation.

ADMISSION or Admittance to Copyhold Lands. •-See Copy hold.

AFFIDAVIT, not made for the immediate Purpofe of being filed, read, or used in any Court of Law -or Equity; for every Sheet or Piece of Paper, Parchment, or Vellum, on which the fame ihall Be written or printed ,

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties*

Affidavits required or authorized ly Law* to be made before any Jujlice or JujlLcs of. the ^

Q 2	6'

SCHEDULE, PART I.	Duty.

AFFIDAVIT—continued. *	£%	Jt

Peace; or before any Comrniffioner or Com-mffioners of any publick Board of Revenue, er nary 0/* the Officers acting under them ; or before any other Comrniffioner or Commissioners . appointed or to be appointed by A3 of Parliament.

Affidavits made turfuant to the Statutes for burying in Woollen.

Affidavits which may be required at the Bank of England, to prove the Death of any Proprietor of any Share in any of the Stocks or Funds transferable there y or to identify the , Perfon of any such Proprietor, or to remove any other Impediment to the Transfer of any such Stocks on Funds.

Alfo all Affidavits relating to the Lofty Mutila-* tiony or Defacement of any Bank Note or Bank Poffi Bill.

See also the General Exemptions at the End of this Part of the Schedule.

AGREEMENT, or Contract, accompanied with a Depofit of Title Deeds, for making a Mortgage, Wadfet, or other Security on any Eftate pr Property therein comprised.—See Mortgage.

AGREEMENT, or any Minute or Memorandum of an Agreement, made in England under Hand only, or made in Scotland without any Claufe of Regiftration (and not otherwise charged in this Schedule nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty)y where the Matter thereof shall be of the Value of 20I. or upwards, whether the fame shall be only Evidence of a Contract, or obligatory upon the Parties from its being a written Inftru-ment, together with every Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto;

Where the fame shall not contain more than 1080 Words (being the Amount of Fifteen Common Law Folios or Sheets of Seventy-two Words each)

And where the fame shall contain more than 1080 Words'

And for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progrejf xve Duty of Provided always, that where (Evers Letters shall be offered in Evidence, to prove any Agreement between the Parties, who (frail have written such Letters, it shall be fuffi-cien* f any one of such Letters shall be 48 Ceo. III.	Oo

0	16 o

1	10 a

too

1

SCHEDULE, PART I.

Duty.

AGREEMENT—continued.

(lamped with a Duty of il. ios.4although the fame shall in the whole contain* twice the Number of 1080 Words or upwards.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other '	fiamp Duties*

Label\ Slip, or memorandum, containing the Heads of Infvrcmccs to be made by the Corporations of the Royal Exchange AJfurance9 and London /IJfurance; or by the Corporations of the Royal Exchange /IJfurance of Houfes and Goods from Fire9 ana London jIJfurance of Houfes and Goods from Fire : Memorandum or Agreementfor granting a Leafe or Tachf at Rack Rent9 of any mejjuage9 Land, or Tenement, under the yearly Rent of Five Pounds ;

Memorandum or Agreement for the Hire of any Labourer, Artificer, manufaSurer9 or Menial Servant :

Memorandum, Letter, or Agreement, made for or relating to the Sale of any Goods, Wares 9 or Merchandise:

,	Memorandum	or	Agreement made between the

Majler and Mariners of arty\ Ship or Vcffel, for Wages f on any Voyage Coafiwife from Port to Port in Great Britain :

Letters containing any Ag/cement (not before exempted) in refpeR of any Merchandise, or Evidence of such an Agreement, which shall pass by the PoJl9 between Merchants or other Per fans carrying on Trade or Commerce, in Great Britain, and refidxng and actually being, at the Time of fending such Letters 9 at Use Dijlance of Fifty Miles from each other.

See also the General Exemptions at the find of this Part of the Schedule•

APPOINTMENT, in execution of a Power, of Land or other Property, real or personal or of any Ufe or Intcreft therein, where made by any Wpting, not being a Deed or Will And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter put or in-dorfed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words (being the Amount of Thirty common Law Folios or Sheets of Seventy two Words each) or upwards, then fof etery entire Quantity of 1080 Words (or Fifteen common Law Folios or Sheets) contained therein, over and above the first io8o Words, a further progre/fivc Duty of

£• j.

1 10

I O

d.

<y

o

APPOINTMENT—continued.

If made by Deed*—See Deed.

APPOINTMENT of a Chaplain, operating as a Qualification to hold Two Ecclefiaftical Benefices in England	-	-

APPOINTMENT of a Game keeper—See Deputation.

APPOINTMENT to Offices.—See Admission* Grant.

APPRAISEMENT or Valuation of any Eftate or Effe&s, real or personal, heritable or moveable ; or of any Intereft therein; or of the annual Value thereof; or of any Dilapidations; or of any Repairs wanted; or of the Materials and Labour used or to be used in any Buildings; or of any Artificers* Work whatsoever;

Where the Amount of such Appraifement or Valuation shall not exceed col;

And where it shall exceed <oL and not exceed' 100I.	-

And where' it shall exceed 100I. and not ex.

ceed 200L	-	b

And where it shall exceed ?ool. and not ex.

ceed 500I.	-

And where it shall exceed 500I.

j(?. /.

I 10

O 2

O' 5

o id

0	15

1	o

d.

O

6

o

o

o

O'

Exemptions•

Any Appraifement or Valuation, made in pur-fuance of the Order of any Court of Admiralty or Vice-Admiralty^ or of any Court of Appeal from any Sentence^ Adjudication* or Judgment of any Court of Admiralty, or Vice-Admiralty*

APPRAISER, Licence to a & as fucji.—See Licence.

APPRENTICESHIP and CLERKSHIP.—Indenture or other Inftrument, containing the (Covenants, Articles, or Agreements, for or relating to the Service of any Apprentice, Clerk, or Servant, who shall be put or placed to or with any Mafter or Mistress, to learn any Profefiion, Trade or Employment whatsoever; except Articles of Clerkfhip h Attornies and others, herein-after specifically charred;

If the Sum of Money, or the Value of any other Matter or Thing which shall be paio, given, assigned, or conveyed, or be secured to be paid, given, assigned, or conveyed to or for the Ufe or Benefit of the Mafter or Mistress, with or in respect of such Appren-l	tice.	Clerk, or Servant, or both the Money

and Value of such other Matter or Thing, shall .pot amount to jol.	* - .	-

o 15 o

APPRENTICESHIP, &c.—continued.

If the fame shall amount to 30I. and not amount to 50I.

If the fame, shall amount to joL and not . amount to 100I.

If the fame shall amount to iool. and not amount to 200I.

If the fame shall amouut to 200L and not.

amount to^ool.

If the fame shall amount to 300I. and not amount to 400I.

If the fame shall amount to 400I. and not amount to 500L If the fame shall amount to 500I. and not amount to fool.

If the- fame shall amount to 600L and not amount to 800).

If the fame fha.l amount to 800L and not amount to ioool.~

And if the fame shall amount to 1000L or Upwards	...

And where there shall be no such Confideration as aforesaid, moving to the Matter or Mittreft if the Indenture or other Inftrument shall not contain more than 1080 Words

And if the fame shall contain more than that Quantity	-

APPRENTICESHIP and CLERKSHIP.—In-

£.	s.
I	10
2	10
5	0
10	0
15	0
20	0
*S	0
3°	0
40	0
jo	0
0	l5
1	10

d.

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o



V

denture or other Inftrument, containing the Covenants, Articles, or Agreements, for or relating to the Service of any such Apprentice, Cleck, or Servant as aforesaid, who shall be put or placed to or with a new Matter or Mittrefs either by AfSgnment or Turnover, or upon the Death, Abfence, or Incapacity, of the former Matter or Mittress, or otherwise ;

Where there shall be any such valuable Confideration as aforesaid, moving to the new Matter or Mittress, exclusive of any Part of the Confideration to the former Matter < or Mittress, which may be returned, or given, or transferred to the new Mutter or Mittrefs	-

And where there shall be no such new Confideration 5 if the Indenture or other Inftrument shall not contain more than 1080 Words	-

And if the fame shall contain more than that Quantity

And where there shall be Duplicates, or Two *£j*xti% of	.fuch Indenture	or other In*

'‘Such and tb tike Duty n proportion to Amount or Fiatut of fitch. netc federation o*/y as ii befont charged on any original Indenture of Appro> Jict/kip,

o 15 O

L 19	«

- v

A.D. 1808. 480 GEO. in.	C. J49. 565
SCHEDULE, PART I.	Duty,
APPRENTICESHIP, &c.—continued•  ftrument, relating to any fitfh Apprentice, Clerk, or Servant as aforesaid; each Part shall be charged with the Duty before mentioned, in all Cafes where the fame shall not	d*
exceed Thirty Shillings; and where the fame shall exceed that Sum, only one Part shall be charged with the (aid ad valorem Duty, or Duty in proportion to the Con-(ideration, and the other Part shall be charged with a Duty of -Note.—And the Party bearing the ad valorem or higher Duty, shall belong to and be kept by the Apprentice, Clerk, or Servant, or some Perfon on his or her Behalf, upon his or her beincr first placed out; and in cafe of any subsequent placing out, by Affign-ment or otherwise, the Part bearing the ad valorem Duty on that OccaGon (ifany} shall belong to and be kept by the former Matter or Mistress, or his or her Reprefent-ativeg, or by the Apprentice, Clerk, or Servant, or some Perfon on his or her Behalf ; and in each of the laid Cases, the other Party bearing the lower Duty hereby charged thereon, shall belong to and be kept by the original Matter or Mistress, or the new Matter or Miftrefs as the Cafe may be; and the fame shall be respectively received in Evidence accordingly,	I 10 s
Exemptions ‘from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties. ftidenturcs or other Injlruments for.placing out poor Children Apprentices, by or at the foie Charge of any Parijh or Townjhip, or by or at the foie Charge of any Publick Charity, or pursuant to the Ad of the %id Tear of His Majef!y*s Reign, for the further Regulation of Parijh Apprentices :  And all Affignments of such poor Apprentices ; provided there shall be no such valuable Confederation as aforesaid, given to the new Majler or Mi/lrefs, other than what may have been, or Jball be given by any Pari/b or Townjhip, or by any Publick Charity•  ARTICLES of CLERKSHIP, or Contract, whereby any Perfon shall, first become bound to serve as a Clerk ; in order to his Admiffion as an	/•

Attorney, or Solicitor,

is any of His Majefty** Courts at Wejhninjler XV* O • O03	v

s 66

48° GEO. III.

A.D.180S.

C 149. 48° GEO. III.	AJ>.i8o3.
SCHEDULE, PART I.	Duty. ,
ARTICLES of CLERKSHIPcontinued.  in any of the Courts of the Great Seffions in Wales 9 or of the Counties Palatine of	/. d.
Cbejler9 Lancafer9 and Durham ; or in any other Court of Record in England, holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage amounts to Forty Shillings And for any Counterpart or Duplicate of any	0  0  t/>  to
men Articles or contract ot Cierkltup * ARTICLES of CLERKSHIP, or Contrad, ^whereby any Perfon (not Being an Attorney of one of tie Courts at Weflminjler) shall first become bound to. serve as a clerk, in order to his Ad-miffion as a Sworn Clerk, in the Office of the Six	X IO 0
Clerks of the Court of Chaneery, or as a Sworn Clerk, Clerk in Court, or Side Clerk, in the Office of Pleas, or the Office of His Majefty’s Remembraneer, in the Court of Exchequer, in England -  And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof ARTICLES of CLERKSHIP, or Contrad, whereby any Perfon shall become bound to serve as a Clerk, in order to any such Admiffion as aforesaid, for the Reiidue of the Term, for which he was originally bound, in consequence of the Death of his former Mailer, or of the	YIO 0 0 I IO 0
Contrail between them being vacated by Con* sent, or by Rule of Court, or in any other Event And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof And where any Perfon, having entered into any Articles of Clerkfhip or Contrail, bearing a Stamp Duty of 1 tol. in order to his Ad-miffion as as a Sworn Clerk, Clerk in Court	t 10 0 I IO 0
or Side Clerk, in the Court of Chaneery, or Court of Exchequer, or in order to his Ad-miffiori as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of the Courts at WeRminflers shall afterwards enter into any such Articles or Contrail as aforesaid, for any other of those Purposes; the said lad-mentioned Articles or f Contrail shall be charged only with a Duty of  And the Counterpart or Duplicate thereof And where the fame Articles of Clerkfhip shall be a Qualification to any Perfon, to be admitted, not only as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of the Courts at Wejlminjler9 but alfq as a Sworn Clerk, Clerk in Court, or Side Clerk, in the Court of Chancery or Court of Exchequer, or as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of the inferior Courts aforesaid ; such Articles shall not be charged with more than ' one Duty of 1 soL	I 10 0  1* 10 0

ARTICLES of CLERKSHIP, or Contra, whereby any Perfoo shall first become bound to serve as a Clerk, in order to his Admiffion as a Pro&oV* in the High Court of Admiralty in England, or in any of the Ecclefiaftical Courts in Doctors Commons

And for any Countepart or Duplicate thereof ARTICLES of CLERKSHIP, or Contract, whereby any Perfon shall become bound to serve as a Clerk, in order to his Ad million as a Pro&or, in any of the Courts aforesaid,

, for the Refidue of the Term, for which he was originally bound, ia consequence of the Death of his. former Mailer, or of the Contrail between them being yacated, or in any other Event	-	-	-

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof ARTICLES, or Indenture of Clerklhip or Ap-prenticelhip, whereby any Perfon' shall first become bound to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice, in order to his Admiffion as a Writer to the Signet, or as a Solicitor, Agent, or Attorney, in any of the Courts of Sefiion, Judiciary, Exchequer, and Commiflion of Teinds, in Scot-landy	-

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof ARTICLES, or Indenture of Clerklhip or Ap« prentlcelhip, whereby any Perfon shall first become bound to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice, in order to his Admiffion to act as a Procurator or Solicitor, in the High Court of Admiralty, the CommilTary Court at Edinburgh, or any other , inferibr Court in Scotland

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof ARTICLES, or Indenture of Clerklhip or Ap-prenticelhip, whereby any Perfon shall become bound to fer/e as a Clerk or Apprentice, in 4 order to any such Admiffion in Scotland, as aforesaid, for the Refidue of the Term, for which he was originally bound, in consequence of the Death of his former Mafter, or of the Contra£l between them being vacated, or in any other Event	-

And for any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof ASSIGNATION or Alfignment, upon the Sale of any Property,—See Conveyance. ASSIGNATION in Security.—See Mortgage. ASSIGNATION of any Wadfet, Heritable Bond, 8cc.—See Mortgage. ■

ASSIGNMENT of any Mortgage, or other similar . Security,—See Mortgage.

O o 4

£. *.

110

1

10

10

io.

55

1

0

10

*5

1

o

10

10

10

d.

o

a

o

o

a

o

a

o

o

o

ASSIGNATION or ASSIGNMENT of any Property, Real or Perfonal, Heritable or Move-able, not otberwfe charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty

And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the tirft 1080

Words, a further progressive Duty of AWARD in England, and Award or Decreet-Arbitral in Scotland	...

And where the fame, together with any Schedule or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of BARGAIN and SALE (or Leafe) for a Year, for veiling the PofTeffion of Lands or other Hereditaments in Englandy and enabling the Bargainee

-	to take a Releate of the Freehold or Inheritance, upon the Sale thereof;

Where the Purchafe or Confideration Money expressed in the Releafe shall not amount to 50I.	-

And where the fame shall amount to 50L and not amount to r yol.

And where the fame shall amount to 150I. or upwards	-

BARGAIN and SALE (or Leafe) for a Year,

-	upon any other Occafion

BARGAIN and SALE (to be enrolled) of any Eftate of Freehold, in Lands or other Hereditaments^ England, upon the Sale thereof or by way of Mortgage. - See Conveyances Mortgage.

BARGAIN and SALE (to be enrolled) of any Eftate of Freehold, in Lands or other Hereditaments in England^ upon any other Occafian “ than the Mortgage or Sale thereof

And where any such Bargain and Sale as aforesaid, together with any Schedule, ' Receipt, or other Matter; put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity <Sf 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first ro8o Worsts, a further progressive Duty of-

£m /,» dm

i 10 o

100 I 10 o

100

0	15 o

IOO X xo o

1	10 0

509

BARGAIN and SALE—continued.

s£. x.

Exemptions from tie preceding Duty. Bargains and Salesf made by CommjJJioners to the sffpgnees of Bankrupts, which are to pay a Duty, only as Deeds in general.

Inland BILL of EXCHANGE, Draft, or’Order, for the Payment to the Bearer, or to Order, either on Demand, or othenvise, of any Sum of Money, .	•	'	^

Amounting to 40s. and not exceeding 5I. ys. Exceeding 5I. 5s. and not exceeding 30L Exceeding 30I. and not exceeding yol.

• Exceeding 50!. and not exceeding 100I.	-

Exceeding iool. and not exceeding 200I. Exceeding 200I. and not exceeding 500I. Exceeding 500I. and not exceeding i,oooI. -Exceeding i,oooI. and not exceeding 3,000!. Exceeding 3,0001.

Inland BILL, Draft, or Order, for the Payment of any Sum of Money, though not made payable to the Bearer or to Order, if the fame shall be delivered to the Payee, or some Perfon on his tfr her Behalf *	-	-*

Inland BILL, Draft, or Order, for the'Payment of any Sum of Money, weekly, monthly, or at Any other Rated Periods, if made payable to the Bearer, or to Order, or if delivered to the Payee or some Perfon on his or her Behalfwhere the total* Amount of thfe Money thereby made payable shall be specified therein, or can be afeer-tained therefrom	-

010

016 020' 030 040 050 076 010 0 100 (The fame Duty \ as on a Bill <3 J Exchang^for the j like Sum, pay-I able to Bearer or ^Order.

The fame Duty

as on a Dill payable to Bearer ^ or Order, for a Sum equal to fuek total Amount. ^

And where the total Amount of the Money thereby made payable shall be indefinite

And the following Inftruments shall be deemed and taken to be Inland Bills, Drafts,, or Orders, for the Payment of Money within the Intent and Meaning of this Schedule and of the foregoing Aft; vifc.

All Drafts or. Orders for the Payment of any Sum of Money, by a Bill or Promiffory Note, or for the Delivery of any such Bill or Note, in Payment or Satisfaftion of''any Sum of. Money; where such Drafts or Orders shall require the Payment pr Delivery to be made, to the Bearer or to Order, or shall be delivered to the Payee, or some Perfon on his or her Behalf:

All Receipts given by any Banker or Bankers,

' or other Perfon or Perfons. for Money received, which (ball entitle, or be intended to

rThefame Duty J as an a Bill far \ the Sum \jsxprejfedmdy.

BILLS—continued*

entitle, the Perfon or Perfon s paying the .Money, or the Bearer of such Receipts, to receive the like Sum front any Third Perfon or Perfons:

And all Bills, Drafts, or Orders for the Payment of any Sum of Money, out of any particular Fund, which may or may not be avauable $ or upon any Condition or Contingency, which may or may not be performed or happen ; if the fame {hall be made payable to the Bearer or to Order, or if the lame {hall be delivered to the Payee or some Perfon on his or her Behalf:

Foreign BILL of EXCHANGE, (or BUI of Ex-change drawn in but payable out of Great Britain,) if drawn singly, and not in a Set

foreign BILL of EXCHANGE, drawn in Sets according to the Cuftom of Merchants ; for every Bill of each Set ; where the Sum made payable thereby {hall not exceed 100I.

And where it {hall exceed iool. and not ex ceed 2Cd1.	. -

And where it shall exceed 200I. and not ex ceed 500I.

And where it shall exceed cool, and not ex ceed i,ooq1.

And where it {hall exceed i,oool. and not ex ceed 3,000!.

And where it {hall exceed 3,000!.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties• dll Bills of Exchange, or Bank Pojl Bills, issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England:

Jill Bilhf Orders, Remittance Bills, and Remittance Certificates, drawn by Commijficned Officers, Mafters, and Surgeons in the Navy, or by any Commi/poner or Commifjioners of the Navy, under the Jiuthority of the Aft faffed in the Thirty-fifth Tear of His Mujfly's Reign*, for the more expeditions Payment of the Wages and Pay of certain Officers belonging to the Navy :

All Bills drawn pursuant to any former AS or A9s of Parliament, by the Commiffibners of the ,	Navy, or by the Commifjioners for ViSualTing

the Navy, or by the Commifjioners for managing the Tranfport Service, andfor taking care of sick and wounded Seamen, upon andpayable by the Treasurer of the Navy :

4

Duty.

s. dm

fThc fame		Dsf;
<u <hi an it -		
< land Bill of the		
\Jfime	-4rr.r>u*t	
land	Tenor.	
O	I	O
O	2	O
O	3	O
O	4	O
O	S	O
O	10	O

* 35 G. 3.C.94*

SCHEDULE, PART I,

BILLS—continued.

AU Drafts or Orders for. the Payment of any Sum of Money to the Bearer on demand, and drawn upon any Banker or Bankers, or any Perfon or Perfons aSing as a Banker, who; Jhalt refiie or trapfaEt the Bufinefs of a Banker, within Ten Miles of the Place where such Drafts or Orders /halt Be drawn ; Pro• •aided such Place Jball Be fpectfied in such Drafts or Orders; and provided the fame Jball bear Date on or before the Day, on which the fame Jball be ijfucd ; and provided the fame do not direQ the Payment to be made, by Bills or Promiffbry Notes ;

All Bills, for the Pay and Allowances of His Mcjefiys Land Foroes, or for other Expen-ditures liable to be charged in the publick Regimental or DiflriB Accounts, which Jball be drawn, according to the Forms nowprefcribed or hereafter to he prescribed by His MajcJly's Ordbn, by the PaymaJlers of Regiments or Corps, or by the Chief Paymajler or Deputy Paymajler and Accountant of the Army Depot, or by the PaymaJlers of Recruiting DiftriSs, or by the PaymaJlers of Detachments, or by the Officer or Officers authorixed to perform the Duties of toe Pay maJlerJhip, during a Vacancy, or the Abfence, Sujpenfion or Incapacity of any such Paymajler as afore-faidf save and except such Bills as Jball be drawn in favoun of Contractors or others, who furmjb Bread or Forage to His Ma-jejly’s Troops, and who by their Contracts or Agreements Jball* be liable to pay the Stamp Duties on the Bills given in Payment for tie Articles fupptted by them.

Duty.

"	—	Mvr

s* d*

BILL of LADING, of or for any Goods, Merchandize, or Effects to be exported BILL of SALE absolute.-rSee Conveyance. BILL of SALE as a Security.—See Mortgage. . BOND in England, and Personal Bond in Scotland, given as a Security for the Payment of any definite and certain Sum of Money,

Not exceeding 100I.

Exceeding 100I. and not exceeding 300I. Exceeding 300I. and not exceeding 500I. > -Exceeding 500I. and not exceeding i,oool. -Exceeding i,oool. and not exceeding 2,oool. Exceeding 2,oool. and not exceeding 3,000!. Exceeding 3,oool. and not exceeding 4,000!. Exceeding 4,000!. apd not exceeding 5,000!.

03#

too 1 10 o 200

4	0	0

4OO

5	0 0 6 0 *0 700

\

SCHEDULE, PART I.

BOND—continued•

Exceeding 5,000!. and not exceeding io,oooh Exceeding 1 o,oool. and not exceeding 15,000!. Exceeding 15,000!. and not exceeding 20>oool. Exceeding 20,000!.

BOND in England, and Perfonal Bond in Scotland, % ^iven as a Security for the Re-payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, to be thereafter lent, ' advaneed, or paid, or which may become doe upon an Account Current, together with any Sum already advanced or due, or without, as the Cgfe may be)

Where the total Amount of the Money secured, or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon, shall be uncertain and without any Limit -And where theMoney secured, or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon, shall be limited, not to exceed a given Sum

BOND in England, and Perfonal Bond in Scotland, given as a Security for the Transfer or Retransfer of any Share, in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the .Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the East India Company, or of the South Sea Company

Heritable BOND in Scotland for any of the Purpofe$ aforesaid.—See Mortgage.

'BOND in England, and Perfonal Bond in Scotland* given as a Security for the Payment of any Sum of Money, or for the Transfer or Re-transfer of any Share in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, whicji shall be in part secured by a Mortgage or Wadfet, or other Inftrument heiein-after charged with the fame Duty as a Mortgage or Wadfet, bearing even Date with such Bond; or for the Performance of Covenants contained in such Mortgage or other Inftrument; or for both those Purpofes BOND in England, and Perfonal or Heritable Bond in Scotland, given as the only or principal Security, for the Payment of any Annuity, upon the original Creation and Sale thereof\—See Conveyance upon the Sale of Lands, See.

BOND in England, and Perfonal Bond in Scotland,

?iven as a collateral or auxiliary Security for the ’ayment of any Annuity, upon the original Creation and Sale thereof, where the fame shall be

Duty.

£. 1. <L

9 O Q 12 0 0 15 O O

20 O O

20 O O r The fame Duty j as on a Band fee j fitch limited kSum.

~Thc fame Dvfy asana Band form Sum of Momy, equal to the fit-hit of the Stock or Fund fieuredm j according to the 'i average Prire thereof, an the Day of tho Date of the Band, or on either of the Ten Daw. t preceding.

loo

BOND—continued.

granted or conveyed, or (ecured, br any other Deed or Inftrumenc, liable to and charged with the ad valorem Duty, hereinafter imposed on Conveyances upon the Sale of any Property BOND in England, and Perfonalor Heritable Bond in Scotland* given as a Security for the Pay* ment of any Annuity, (except upon the original Creation and Sale thereof) or of any Sum or Sums of Money at Hated Periods, (not being Interefi for any Principal Sum, nor Rent reserved or payable upon any Leafe or Tack) for any definite and certain Term, so that the total Amount of the Money to be paid, can be previously ascertained BOND in England, and Perfonal or Heritable Bond in Scotland, given as a Security for the Payment of,any Annuity, {except as aforcfaid), or of any Sum or Sums of Money at Hated Periods, (not being Interejl for any principal Sum, nor Rent reserved Mr payable upon any Leaft or Tael) for the Term of Life, or any other indefinite Period, so that the whole Money to be paid cannot be previously ascertained;

Where the Annuity or Sums secured shall not amount to rol. per Annum And where the fame Shall amount to iol. and not amount to 50]. per Annum And where the fame mall amount to 50I. and not amount to 100I. per Annum . -And where the fame shall amount to 100L and not amount to 200I. per Annum And where the fame shall amount to 200L and not amount to 30c!. per Annum And where the fame shall amount to 300I. and not amount to 400I. per Annum And where the fame shall amount to 400I. and not amount to 500I. per Annum And where the fame shall amount to yocL and not amount to 750I. per Annum And where the fame shall amount to 750I. and not amount to *i,oool. per Annum And where the fame shall amount to i,oool.

and not amount to 1,5001. per Annum And where the fame shall amount to 1,500b and not amount to 2,oool. per Annum And where the fame shall amount to 2,oool. per Annum, or upwards	-	-

But where there shall be both a Perfonal and Heritable Bond, in Scotland, in separate Deeds of the fame Date,, for securing any such Annuity, or Sums payable at Hated Periods, and the ad valorem Duty above charged thereon

j£.	/.	dm

100

The fame Duty as on a Bond of the like Nature* j for the Payment J of a Sum of Money, equal to fitch total simount.

I	O	0
I	10 <	0
2	0	0
3	0	0
4	0	0
5	0	9
6	0	0
7	0	0
9	0	0
12	0	0
lS	6	0
20	0	0

JBQND—continuedL

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

Bonds of the Royal Exchange and London Affurance Corporations, exemptedfrom Stamp Duty, by the Ad of the 6th Tear of the Reign of King George the Firjl, under •which they were incorporated f

Bonds and other Securities, exempted from Stamp Duty9 ly the Ad of the 2 6th Tear of His frefent MajcJlfs Reign, or any other AB now ,	in force for the Encouragement of the Britijh

Ftjheries :

Bends, exempted from Stamp Duty, ly the Ad of the 28 th Tear of His present Majefy’s Reign % of any other Ad now in force 9 relating to the Exportation of Wool, or any Manufacture thereof or FullerV Earthy Fulling Clay, or Tobacco-pipe Clay ; or ly the AB of the 29th Tear of His Majefiy's Reign, or any other Ad now in force, relating to the Exportation of Tolacco from His MajeJlfs Warehoufes :

Coajl Bonds, or Bonds relating to the carrying of Goods or Merchandize Coajl wife, whether f the fame shall be given pursuant to the Ad of /the 32 d Tear of His Majejiy’s Reign, or any other Ad now in force ,for the Relief of the Coajl Trade of Great Britain, or pursuant to the Directions of any Proclamation or Order in Couneil, ly His MajeJJy, His. Heirs or Succeffors :

Bonds and other Securities,’ exempted- from Stamp Duty, by the Ad of the $$d'Tear of Iiis Majejly's Reign, or any other Ad now in force, for the Encouragement of Friendly Societies .*

Admtnijlraiion Bonds, given ly the Wide,w9 Child, Father, Mother y Brother, or Sifter of any Common Seaman, Marine, or Soldier, who /hall be flain or die in the Service of His *	Majejly, His Heirs or Succeffors :

Admintftpotion Bond given by any Perf on, where the Ajlate to be admmijlcrcd shall ndt exceed ZCJ. in Value•

»See also the General Exemptions at the End of this Part of the Schtdule.

CERTIFICATE to be taken out yearly, by eveiy Ferfon admitted as an Attorney or Solicitor, in any of His Majefty’a Courts at IVeJlminfitr, or in

£. s.

d.

/

48* GEO. III.

C. 149.

'577

A.D. 1808.

C E RTIFIC ATE—continued•

any of the Courts of the Great Seffions in Wales, or of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancasier, hnd Durham, or in any other Court in England, holding Pleas where the Debt or Damage , amounts to Forty Shillings;—and by every Per-fon admitted as a Pro&or in any of the Ecclefi-aftical or Admiralty Courts in England;—and by every Perfon admitted as a Writer to the Signet, or as a Solicitor, Agent, Attorney, or Procurator, in any of the Courts in Scotland;—and by every Perfon admitted or inrolled as a Notary Publick in England or Scotland;—and also by every Sworn Clerk, Clerk in Court, and other Clerk or Officer in any of the Courts aforesaid, who, in his own Name, or in the Name of any other' Perfon, shall commence, prosecute, carry on, or defend any A&ion, Suit, Profecution, or other Proceeding, in any of the Courts aforesaid,

• or do any Notarial A A whatever, for or in ex-, pe&ation of any Fee, Gain, or Reward, as an Attorney, Solicitor, Agent, Pro&or, Procurator, or Notary Publick, although' not admitted or inrolled as such;

If he shall refide'in the City of London, or City of Wejlmtnjler^ or within the Limits of the Two-penny Poft in England, or within the City or Shire of Edinburgh 5 And if he shall have been admitted, or * been in pofTeifion of his Office, for the Space of Three Years or upwards Or if he shall not have been admitted or been in pofTeifion so Ipng If he shall reside etfewhere;

And if he shall have been admitted, or been in >pofTeffion of his Office, for the Space of Three Years of upwards Or if he shall not have been admitted or been in pofTeifion so long But no one Perfon is to be obliged to take out more than Qne Certificate, although he may a& in more than one of the Capa* cities aforesaid, or in several of the Courts •aforefaid.

£.

10

5

6 $

x. d%

o o o o

o o o o

Exemptions•	1

dll Clerlt and Officers of any of the Courts aforesaid, who shall aQ or he concerned in the ConduQ or Management of any dffion, 'Suitf Profecution^ or other Proceedings by virtue and in the Execution of their refpeSive Offices or Appointments only, and shall not be 48 Geo. III. "	P	p

C. 149*

48° GEO, III.

A.D. 1808,

S7»

SCHEDULE, PART I.	Duty.

CERTIFICATE—continued*	,	£m

alfo retained or employed by any Party to fucb Aftion* Suit* Pro/ecutioi1* or other Proceeding* or by any Attorney* Solicitor* Agent*

Proftor* or Procurator on behalf of any Party thereto* for• or in expectation of any Fee or Reward9 other than the ejlablijbcd x Fees due and payabte in respect of their Offices and Appointments•

CERTIFICATE to be taken out yearly* by every Perfon, being a Member of One of the Fbur . Inna of Court in England9 who in the Chara&er of Conveyaneer, Special Pleader, Draftfman in Equity, or otherwise, shall for or in expedition of any Fee, Gain, or Reward, draw or prepare any Conveyance of, or Deed or Inftrument relating to, any Eftate or Property, Real or Per-fonal, or any other Deed or Contract whatever, or any Pleaalngs or Proceedings in any Court of, Law or Equity 5

If he shall reside in the City of London* or City of IVejlminfer* or within the Limits of the Two-penny Poft in England And if he shall reside elfe where

Exemptions•

Serjeants at Law* and Barriflers :

Attorn its. Solicitors* Prodors* and Notaries Publtch* and other Perfons acting as fucb by virtue of any Office or Appointment who shall respectively tale out Certificates in those Cbar afters :

Publick Officers drawing or preparing Deeds or other Inflruments* by virtue of their Offices* and in the course of their official Duty only* h and not otherwife•

CERTIFICATE of Admiffion to Degrees in the Univeriities—See Testimonial, CERTIFICATE of Marriage, except of any common Seaman, Marine* or Soldier CERTIFICATE of any Perfon’s having received the Holy Sacrament CERTIFICATE of anys Goods, Wares; or Merchandize, having been duly entered inwards, which shall be entered outwards for Exportation, at the Port of Importation, or be removed from thence to any other Port, for the more convenient Exportation thereof from Great Britain ; where such Certificate shall be issued, for enabling any Perfou to obtain a Debenture or Certificate, entitling him to receive any Drawback of any 2

TO

6

o

o

o o Q o

5 O

5 °

SCHEDULE, PART L

CERTIFICATE—continued.

Duty or Duties of Cuftoms, or any Part thereof—+See also Debenture	-	**

CHARTER of Refignation, or of Confirmation, or of Novodamus, or upon Apprising, or upon a Decreet of Adjudication or Sale, of any Lands, or other Heritable Subjects in Scotland, holden of any Subject Superior

And where the fame shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of ro8o Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty Of	-

CHARTER-PARTY, or any Agreement or Con-^ trad for the Charter of any Ship or Veflel, or any Memorandum, Letter, or otheV Writing, between the Captain, Mafter, or Owner of any Ship or Veffel, and any other Perfon, for or relating. to the Freight or Conveyance of any Money, Goods, or EiTe&s, on board of such Ship or Veflel	*

And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contaip 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and abore the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of CLERKSHIP, Articles or Contrad of.—See Ap-PRBNTiCEsHrp, Articles.

COLLATION, by any Archbifhop or Biftiop, to any Ecclefiaftical Benefice, Dignity, or Promotion, in England, of the yearly Value of Ten Pounds of upwards in the King’s Books COLLATION, by any Archbifhop or Bishop, to any other Ecclefiaftical Benefice, Dignity, or Promotion lyhatsoever, in England COLLATION, Inftitution, or Admission, by any Pryfbytefy or Other competent Authority, to any Ecclefiaftical Benefice in Scotland COMMISSION, granted by His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeflbrs, or by any Perfon or rerfons duly authorized by him ojr them, to any Officer in the Army, or in the Corps of Royal Marines •

%	Exemptions from the preceding and all	other

Stamp Duties.

Commifjion* granted to Officers of Teomanry Cavalry* or Volunteer Infantry.

COMMISSION, granted by the Lord High Ad-miral, or'the Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, of the United Kingdofti| to any Officer in the Navy Ppa

Duty, jfi. /« d* 040

O^O

o 70

I 10 o

109

20 O O

lo e o 10 6-

l 10	9

9 5 °

jto

G.

48b GEO. III.

A.D.1808.

COMMISSION—continued.

COMMISSION, or Deputation, granted by the Commiflioners of Cuftoms or Excife COMMISSION, appointing any Perfon Receiver General of the Land and other Taxes, for any County or Diftrift in Great Britain COMMISSION, appointing any Manager or Director, Managers or Directors, of or concerning any Lottery or Lotteries to be drawn pursuant to ACt of Parliament COMMISSION to act as a Notary Publick in Scot-land*-*-See Faculty.

COMMISSION, in the Nature of a Power of Attorney in Scotland*—-See Letter or Attorney.

COMPOSITION—Deed or other Inftrument of Coir.position, between a Debtor or Debtors, and his, her, or their Creditors

And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, oyer and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of CONDITIONAL 'Surrender of any Copyhold or Cuftomary Estate, by way of Mortgage.—See Mortgage.

CONSTAT of Letters Patent.—See Exemplification.

CONVEYANCE, whether Grant, Alignment, Transfer, Release, Renunciation, or of any other Kind or Description whatsoever, upon the Sale of any Lands, Tenemeuts, Rents, Annuities, or other Property, real or personal, heritable or moveable, or of any Right, Title, Interect, or CUim, in, to, out pf, or upon, any Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities, or other Property -That is to fay, for and in respect of the principal or only Deed or Jn/lrument9 whereby the Lands or other Thing fold shall be granted, assigned, 'transferred, relcased, renouneed, or otherwise conveyed to, or veiled in, the Purchafer or Purchafers, or any other Perfon or Perfons, by his, her, or their Direction;

Where the Purchafe or Confideration Money, therein or thereupon exprefTed, shall not amount to 50I.

And where the fame shall amount to 50I. and not amount to 150I.

And where the fame shall amount to 150I. and not amount to 300L

£• tm

I IO

20 O

20 O

I IO

I O

0	15

1	0 1 10

d.

O

o

o

o

0

0

o

Q

schedule; PART I.

CONVEYANCE—continued.

And where the fame shall amount to 306L and not amount to 500!.

And where the fame shall amount 105001. and not amount to 750I.

And where the fame shall amount to 75pl. and not amount to i,oooL

And where the fame shall amount to i,oool. and not amount to 2,oool.

And where the fame shall amount to 2,0001.’ and not amount to 3,000!.

And where the fame shall amount to 3,000!. and not amount to 4,oool. . •

And where the fame shall amount to 4,oool. and not amount to 5,oool.	-	*

And where the fame shall amount to 5,oool. and not amount to 7,5001.

And where the fame shall amount to 7,5001. and not amount to io,oool.

And where the fame shall amount to io,oool. and not amount to 1 c,oool.

And where the fame shall amount to 15,0001. and not amount to 20,oool.

And where the fame shall amount to 20,oool. and not amount to 30,000!.

And where the fame shall amount to 30,0001. and not amount to 40,oool.

And where the fame shall amount to 40,0001. and not amount to 50*0001.

And where the fame shall amount to 50,0001. or upwards	...

And where any Freehold Lands or Hereditaments in England shall be conveyed by a Deed of Feoffment, with or without any Letter or Letters of Attorney therein contained to deliver or receive Seifin, or by a Deed of Bargain and Sale inroiled; such Deed of Feoffment or Bargain and Sale, unless accompanied with a Leafe and Re-lease, shall be charged with a further Duty as follows:

If the Purchafe or Confederation Money, *	therein or thereupon expressed shall be

under 50I.	-

If it shall amount to 50I. and not amount to 156.	-	-

If it shall amount to 150I. or upwards -

But if there shall be both a Feoffment and a Bargain and Sale inrolied, then the said further Duty shall not attach on either.

Note.—The Purchafe or Confederation Money is to be truly expressed and fat forth, in Pp3

Doty		
£.	/.	IT
2	10	0
S	Q	0
7	20	0 •
10	O	0
20	O	0
3°	O	0
	O	0
5?	O	0
7 5	O	0
too	O	0
t;o	O	0
200	0	0
300	0	0  *
400	0	0
O  O  V*	0	9

° *5 «

? ° 0 * to e



SCHEDULE, PART CONVEY ANCE-wtfu/iWJ.	’

I.

Duty. A I-

.Words at length, in or upon every such piincipaj or only Deed or Inftrument of Conveyance.

.And where any Lands or other Property, corttra&cd to be fold at one entire Price for the whole, shall be conveyed, in separate Parts or Pareels, by different Inilruments, the Purchafe or Confideration Money fh^fl be divided and apportioned, in such Manner as the Parties shall think fit, so that a diftinft

?onfideratipn, for each separate Part or areel, may be fet forth m or upon the principal or only Inftrument of Conveyance • relating thereto.

And where any Lands or other Property, shall, * be fold and conveyed, subject to any Mortgage, Bond, or other Debt, or to any gross or entire Sum of Money, to be afterwards paid by the Purchafer, such Debt or Sum of Money shall be deemed Part of the Con-; federation, in respect whereof the laid ad valorem Duty is to be paid.

And to prevent Doubts, refpelting what shall be deemed the principal Deed or Inftrument of Conveyance9 in certain Cases, it is hereby declared;

That where arty Lands or Hereditaments, in England, shall be conveyed bv Bargain and Sale iarolied, and also by Leafe and Release, or Feoffment with or without any such Letter or Letters of Attorney therein con-, tained as aforesaid; the Releafe or Feoffment shall be deemed the principal Deed 5 and the Bargain and Sale shall be charged only with the Duty hereby, imposed on Deeds in general.—(See Deed)—But the fame shall not be inrolled or be available, unless also damped for testifying the Payment of the ad valorem Duty on the Releafe or ^feoffment, as dire&cd by this

Aa.

*

And where any Lands or Hereditaments shall ’ be conveyed by Leafe and Release, and also by Feoffment, with or without any such Letter or Letters of Attorney therein contained as aforesaid; the Releafe shall be deemed the principal Deed ; and the Feoffment shall be charged only with the Duty hereby imposed on Deeds in general.—(See /)e(d)~But the fame shall not be available, . unlefsv also liamped for testifying the Pay-

<

SCHEDULE, PART I

Duty.

CONVEYANCE—continued.

£• s* d*

znent of the ad valorem Duty oiTthe Re* lease, as directed by this Ad.

And where any Copyhold pr Cuftomary Eftate {hall be conveyed, by a Deed of‘Bargain and Sale, hy the Commissioners named in a Commiftion of Bankrupt, or by Executors, or others, by virtue of a Power given by Will, or by Ad pf Parliament, the Deed of Bargain and Sale shall be deemed the principal Inftrument.

And in other Cafes of Copyhold or Cuftomary Estates, the Surrender, or Voluntary Grant, or the Memorandum thereof respectively, if mad? out of Court, Or the Copy of Court Roll of the Surrender, or Voluntary Grant, if made in Court, {hall be deemed the principal Inftrument.

Ana where, in Scotland, there shall be a Dif-pofition or Aftignation, executed by the Seller, and any other Inftrument or Inftru-ments to complete the Title, the Difpofition or Aftignation shall be deemed the principal Inftrument.

And where, upon the §ale of any Annuity or other Right not before in Ext/hncer the lame shall not be created by actual Grant or Conveyance, but shall only be secured by Bond, Warrant of Attorney, Covenant, jContrad, or otherwise; the Bond or other Inftrument, by which the fame shall be secured, or foine one of such Inftruments, if there be morethan one, shall be deemed and taken to be liable to the fame Duty as ao actual Grant or Conveyance.

And where the principal or only Deed or In-. ftrument of Conveyance, ('except the Surrender or Voluntary Grant out of Court, or the Memorandum thereof or the Copy of Court Roll of a Surrender or Voluntary Grant in Court, of any Copyhold or Cudomary EJlate) together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain , 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, oyer and above the first 1080 Words, . a furtherprogreffive Duty of	-

And where any such Surrender or Voluntary Grant out of 'Court, or the Memorandum thereof, or the Copy of Court Roll of a Surrender or Volun ~ mt in Court, of

SCHEDULE, PART I.

Duty.

CONVEYANCE—continued.

any Copyhold or Cuftomary Estate, shall be the principal or only Inftrutnent of Conveyance, and shall, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, contain a 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progrejjive Duty of And where there shall be Several Deeds or Instruments for completing the Title to the Property fold; such of them, as are not liable to the Said ad valorem Duty, shall be charged with the Duty, to which the fame may be liable, under any general or

?articular Defcription of fucn Deeds or nftruments contained in this Schedule.

£• Sm

o 15

sL

o

Exemptions from the preceding Duties on Conveyances upon the Sale of Lands9 i£c.

All Leafes and Tacit s of Lands, Hereditaments, or heritable Subjeds9 for a Life or Lives 9 or for a Term of Tears9 determinable with a Life or Lives, or for a Term absolute, not exceeding Ninety-nine Tears, in confederation of a Fine or Graffum paid for the fame; which Leafes ana Tacks are herein-after otherwise charged.

All voluntary Grants, made by the Lord or Lady of any Manor 9 of any Copyhold or Cuftomary Lands' or Hereditaments, for a Life or Lives, for a pecuniary Conjideration, and the Copies of Court Roll of such voluntary Grants; which Grants and Copies are hereinafter otherwise charged•

All Surrenders and other Inftruments9 relating only to Copyhold or Cuftomary EJlates, wbofe clear yearly Value shall not exceed 2 ox.

, which are hereinafter otherwise charged.

All Transfers of Shares in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and of the South Sea and East India Companies; which are berein-aftcr otherwise charged•

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties, except the Duty on the Receipt for tie . Conjideration Money.

Conveyances of Rents purchased under the AB of the 34/0 Year of His Majefty*s Reign9 c. 75, for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sale of

A»13» i8dB«	48®	GEO.	m.	C«	149*

CONVEYANCE—continued.

Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents, upon fubfeaucnt Sales thereof by the Pur-chafers or their Heirs or AJfgns% to the Owners of the Lands or other Hereditaments, out of which the fame are payable ; where the Con-Jideration Money to be paid on such subsequent Sales shall not exceed the Sum of lol.

4?.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other \	Stamp	Duties.

All Transfers of Shares in any of the Govern-.

ment or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds.

For other Exemptions, fee the Titles, Grant, Lease, and at the End of this Part of the Schedule•

CONVEYANCE of Lands and Rents belonging to’ the Crown.—See Grant.

CONVEYANCE of any Eft&te or Property, ip trust for Sale, which shall be intended only as a Security for Money or Stock.-—See Mortgage.

CONVEYANCE of the Equity or Right of Redemption or Reveriion of Lands or other Pro-, perty, to a Purchafer, in the fame Deed with a Mortgage, Wadfet, or other Security made thereupon.—See Mortgage.

CONVEYANCE of any Kind whatever, not other-wife charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exemptedfrom all Stamp Duty

And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progrefftve Duty of

COPY, attested to be a true Copy, in the Form which hath been commonly used for that Purpose,. or in any other Manner authenticated or declared to be a true Copy, or made for the Purpofe of being given in evidence as a true Copy, of any Agreement, Contrad, Bond, Deed or other Inttrument of Conveyance, or any other Deed whatever, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, or of any Part thereof rc-( fpe&ively 5

Where such a Copy shall be made for the Security or Ufe of any Perfon, being a Party ' to, or taking any Benefit or Intereft im-

t 10 o

low

.	5*5

COPY—continued.

mediately under, such Agreement, Contrad, Bond, Deed or other Iuftrument And if the fame shall contain 1440 Words (being the Amount of Twenty Common Law Folios or Sheets of Seventy-two Words each) or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 720 Words (or Ten Common Law Folios or Sheets) contained therein, over and above the first 726 Words, . a further progressive t)uty of	-

And where any such Copy shall be made, for the Security or Ufe of any Perfon, not being a Party to, or taking any Benefit or Intereft immediately under, such Agreement, Con-trad, Bond, Deed or other iuftrument And for every entire Quantity of 720 Words contained therein, over and above the first 720 Words, a further progressive Duty of -And all Copies, which shall at any Time be offered in Evidence, shall be deemed to have been made for that Purpofe.

£. i.

o 10 o

o 10 o

OIO

O f o

Exemptions from the Receding and all other Stamp Duties.

Al7 Copies attested or authenticated as aforesaid, which shall be made for the private Ufe only of any Perfon having the Cujlody of toe original Infruments% or of bis or her Counfel, Attorney 1 nr Solicitor.

COPY, attested or authenticated as aforesaid, or made for the Purpofe of being given in Evidence as a tme Copy, of any original Will, Tcftament, or Codicil 5 or of the Probate or Probate Copy of any Will or Codicil; or of any Letters of Ad-minifl ration $ or of any Confirmation of a Tcfiamcnt tejlamentary or dative% or of any Part thereof refpe&ively	-

And for every entire Quantity of 720 Words, contained in any such Copy, over and above the first 720. Words, a further progreffi/oc Dutv of

And all Copies, which shall at any Time be offered in Evidence, shall be deemed to have been made for that Purpofe.

Office COPY or Extradl of anv Will or Codicil, deposited in any Eccleiiaftical Court mJZngland And for every entire Quantity of 90 Words, contained in any such Copy or Extract, over and above the first 90 Words, a further pro-greffive Duty of

010

010

010

010

A.D. f8o8«

4* GEO. III.

C, 149.

&

C O PY—continued.

COPY or Extra& of any Memorial, or of the Regiftcr of any Memorial, regittercd pursuant to any A& of parliament, made or to be made, for the pub-lick registering of Deeds and Conveyances, in England	•

And for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any such Copy or Extra& shall be written, after the first, a further progrejjtve Duty of -COPY or Extract of any Deed, frr of any other -In ftrument qot falling under the Defcription of Lava Proceedings, which shall be made or taken from the Rolls or Records of any of His Majefty’s Courts at Wejlnunjlcr

And for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any such Copy or Extraft (ball be written, after the first, a further progrejfvce Duty of Jfltejlcd COPY or Extract, of any Deed, Inftrument, or Writing, given out from any Publick Regifter, or from the Books or Records of any Court, in Scotland	-	-	*

And where the fame shall contain more than 1296 Words, then for every entire Quantity of 1296 Words contained therein, over and above the first. 1296 Words, a further pro-grejjjve Duty of	•

■ And for any less Quantity of Words contained therein, over and above the first 1296 Words, or over and above any second, third, or Other full Quantity of 1296 Words, further Duty of r	«r

t _

Enepiptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Dutiesf Ext rads of the Decrees of Courts, other than such formal Decrees of Regiflration as are ufuauy annexed to the ExtraSs of Writings. Copies or ExtraS* of f*jrotefls9 upon Pills or Promtffory Notes* for any Sum under Forty Shillings Jlerlingm Extracts of Coinmiffions of Per fane as Delegates or Reprefcntatives to tie Gcnerql AJfanbiy, or to any Prejbytery or Church Courts in Scotland ; and ef Commt/ftons of Delegates to the Qonvention of Royal Burghs ; and of Com-mifftons of Delegates from any Royal Burgh for the EleSion of Members of Parliament.

COPYHOLD Estates; and Customary Eftates palling by Surrender and Admittance, or by

<£• s* it

050

050

020

020

.0 s a

Q 2 P

0	2	P

(hall v exceed

C O P YH O LD—continued•

Admittance only, and not by Deed;—Instruments relating thereto, not otherwise charged under the Head of Mortgage, or of Conveyance upon the Sale of Lands,—viz.

Any Surrender made out of Court, or the Memorandum thereof 5—where the clear yearly Value of the Eft ate Twenty Shillings

And where the fame {hall not exceed Twenty Shillings See also Conveyance upon the Sale of Lands$ &c. and Mortgage.

‘Any Admittance out of Court, or the Memorandum thereof;—where the clear yearly Value of the Edate shall exceed Twenty Shillings And where the fame shall not exceed Twenty Shillings And where both a Surrender and Admittance, or more than one Surrender or Admittance, or the Memorandum thereof, shall be contained in the lame Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, the said Duties shall be paid, in respect of each Surrender and each Admittance.

And where any such Surrenderor Ad-' mittance, or the Memorandum thereof, together with iny Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, /hall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a furthej pro-

SreJfive ^ut7 of

The Copy of Court Roll of any Surrender made in Court;—where the clear yearly Value of the Eftate /hall exceed Twenty Shillings	-	-	'

And where the fame /hall not exceed Twenty Shillings $ce aifo Conveyance upon the Sak of Lands, t&e. and Mortgage.

The Copy of Court Roll of any Admit tance in Court;—where 'the clear yearly Value of the Eftate /hall exceed Twenty Shillings

And where the fame /hall not exceed Twenty Shillings And where Copies of both a Surrender and Admittance, or of more than one Surrender or Admittance, /hall be contained

£• /• d»

o 15 o 050

o 15 o P 5 0

o 15 ©

G 15 O ©JO

O 15 G p 5 o

A.D.i8o8. 48° GEO. III.	C. 149* , 589
SCHEDULE, PART I.	Duty.
COPYHOLD —continued.  in the fame Piace of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, the said Duties shall be paid, in respect of each Surrender and each Admittance, except in the Cafe of a Recovery herein-after provided for.  And where the Copy of any such Surrender or Admittance, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put Or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto,	£. /• dm
fhall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entfre Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over, and above the first 1080 Words, a further ptogrejjive Duty of The Copy of Court Roll of the several Surrenders, Admittances, and other A&s, which shall take place in Court, for the Purpofe of perfe&mg a Common Recover y of any entailed Copyhold or Cuftomary Estate; from the Surrender to make a Tenant to the Praecipe, down to the Admittance of the Tenant in Tail, in fee, or to the Admittance for Life of the former * Tenant for Life, with Remainder to the Tenant in Tail, in fee, upon the Surrender of the Demandant, both inclusive $ or from ' the Surrender to make a Tenant to the	\ ° *5 *
Praecipe, inclusive, to the Admittance of • the Tenant in Tail, or Tenant for Life, otherwise than as aforesaid, or to the Admittance of any other Perfon, upon the Surrender of the Demandant, exciufive where the dear yearly Value of the Eftate shall exceed Twenty Shillings  And where the fame shall not exceed Twenty Shillings  * And if the Copy of Court Roll of any other Admittance or Surrender, .Admit-. tances or Surrenders, shall be contained in the fame Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with the Copy of Court Roll of the several Surrenders, Admittances, and other A61s for the Purpofe aforesaid ; the fame shall be charged with such and the fame Duty or Duties, as if the fame had been written upon a separate Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, over and above the said Duties heteby imposed 011 the Copy of Court Roll of the Recovery.  Any Voluntary Grant by the Lord or Lady, or Steward, of any Manor, made out  5	r Five Times I 0 15 0  r Fire Times 1 0 5 0

59®

C. 149.

48* do. lit.

AJX1S08.

SCHEDULE, PART I.

COPYHOLD—continued.

of Court, or the Memottadafn thereof, with or without Admittance thereon ; - whefe the clear yearly Value of the Eftate Audi exceed Twenty Shillings

And where the fame shall not exceed Twenty Shillings

See atfo Conveyance Upon the Sale of Lands, tefe. and Mortgage.

The Copy of Court Roll of any Voluntary Grant made in Court, by the Lord or Lady, or Steward, of apy Manor, with or without Admittance thereon 5—where the clear yearly Value of the Eilate shall exdfeed Twenty Shillings

And where the fame {hall not exceed Twenty Shillings

{

{

See also Conveyance upon the Sale of Lands*	and MortcagE.

And where any Voluntary Grant* or the Memorandum, or Copy of CcAirt Roll thereof, together with any Schedule* Receipt, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain ii6o Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further frngrejfvre Duty of -Any Licence to demile, or the Memorandum thereof, if granted out of Court 5 and the Copy of Court Roll of any Licence to . demise, if granted in Courtwhere the clear yearly Value of the Eilate shall exceed Twenty Shillings And where the fame shall not exceed Twenty Shillings	-

Duty.

dim /. dm

Twice PI 50

Twice

050

Twice o 15 a

Twice

05O

0 ig *

P 15	0

050

Exemptions from the preceding and nil other Stamp Duties.

Original Surrenders out of Court to the Ufcs of a FVillj or to a Trujlee fr the Ufes or Pur• poses of a Will.

The Court JRJls or Books of any Manor $ wherein the Proceedings relating thereto Jball be entered or minuted•

See also the General Exemptions at the End of this Part of the Schedule.

DEBENTURE or Certificate, for entitling any Perfon tot receive any Drawback of ary Duty or Duties* or Part of any Duty or Duties, oi Cuf-

SCHEDULE, PART I.

Duty.

DEBENTURE—continued.

toms or Excife, or any Bounty payable out of the Revenue of Cuitoms or Excife, for or in respect of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, exported or shipped to be exported, from Great Britain to any Part beyond the Seas

£• /.

o 4

d.

©

Exemptions from the preceding and all other • Stamp Duties•

All Debentures or Certificates for Bounty, which were heretofore exempted from Stamp Duty by any AB or ABs of Parliament, granting a Bounty on the Exportation of Linetu or Sail Cloth•

DECLARATION of any UfeorTrust, Ufes or Trusts, of or concerning any Eftate or Property, real or personal, where made by any Writing, not being a Deed or Will

And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the (ird 1080 Words, a further progrejfive Duty of • If made by Deed.—-See Deed.

DEED, whereby any teal Burden shall be declared or created on Lands or heritable Subje&s in Scotland.—See Mortgage, Disposition.

DEED containing an Obligation to infeft any Per-fon, in heritable Subje&s in Scotland, under a Claufe of Reversion, as a Security for Money, but without any personal Bond or Obligation therein for Payment of the Money intended to be secured.—See Mortgage.

DEED of any Kind whatever, not other wife charged in this Schedule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty	•	-	-

And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or ' indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of ic8o Words con* tained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progrejfive Duty of

^DEFEAZANCE.—Deed or other Inftrumcnt of Defeasance, of any Conveyance, Difpoiirion, Afiignatton, or Tack, apparently absolute, but intended only as a Security tor Money or Stock.

See Mortgage.

DEPUTATION by the Comtnifiioners of Cuftoxns or Excife.—See Commission.

1 10 6

too

I to o

too

SCHEDULE, PART I.

DEPUT ATION—continued*

DEPUTATION or Appointment of a Gamekeeper

DISCHARGE for Money.—See Receipt. DISPENSATION, for holding two Ecclefiattical Dignities or Benefices, or a Dignity and a Benefice, in England; where either of them {hall be above the yearly Value of Ten Pounds iu the King’s Books	-	’	-

And in all other Cafes	-

DISPENSATION of any other Kind, from the Archhifhop of Canterbury, or the Matter of the Faculties for the Time being, or from the Guardian of the Spiritualties during a Vacancy of the Archbifhop’s See	...

DISPOSITION of Lands or heritable Subjects, in Scotlandf to fmgular Succeffort or Purchafers.— See Conveyance.

DISPOSITION of Lands or other heritable Subjects in Scot lands to a Purchafer, containing a Clause, declaring all or any Part of the Purchafe Money, a real Burden upon or affecting the Lands or heritable Subje&s thereby disponed, or any Part thereof:

Such Difppfition shall be charged, not only with the ad valorem and progrejjive Duties t	hercin-before	charged	on a Conveyance upon

the Sale of Lands or heritable Subje&s in Scotland, but also with the ad valorem Duty hereiu-aftcr charged on any Deed creating % t a real Burden on Lands in Scotland.— See Conveyance, Mortgage. DISPOSITION in Security, in Scotland.—See Mortgage.

DISPOSITION of any Wadfet, heritable Bond, &c.~See Mortgage.

DISPOSITION of any Lands or other Property, heritable or moveable, in Scotland> or of any Right or Intcrett therein, not otheraur/e charged in this Schedule	-

And where the feme, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progrejjive Duty of DOCQUET, made on pamng under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, any Grant, Letters Patent, Exemplification, Conttat, or other In-ftniment, requiring a Docquet DONATION, by His Majesty, His Hcift or Suc-ccffors, or by any other Patron,

Duty.

j£. x. d. I IO O

30 o o

AO O O

30 o o

1100

100

0 2 0



S93

SCHEDULE, PART I.	Duty.
DONATION—continued.  Of aay Ecclefiaftical Benefice, Dignity, or Promotion, in England, of the yearly Value of Ten Pounds or upwards in the King’s	£. e. d.
Books -	20 0 0
Of any other Ecclefiaftical Benefice, Dignity, or Promotion whatsoever, in England DRAFT for Money.—See Bill of Exchange. EIK to a Reverfion.—See Mortgage.	16 0 0
EXCHANGE of Lands, or other Hereditaments or heritable Subjects, whether any Sum of Money shall be paid tor Equality of Exchange or not -And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080	1 10 0
Words, a furtherprogrcffive Duty of EXEMPLIFICATION or Constat, under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* of any Letters Patent or	100
Grant, made or to be made by His Majesty, His Heirs or SucceiTors, or by any of His Royal Predeceffors, of any Honour, Dignity, Promotion, Franchife, Liberty, or Privilege, or of any Lands, Office or other Thing whatsoever;  For every Skin, Sheet, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any such Exemplification or Conftat shall be written EXTRACTS from Regifters and Records in England and Scotland.—See Copy.  AFCTORY, in the Nature of a Power of Attorney in Scotland.—See Letter of Attorney.	S 0 0  /
FACULTY, Licence, or Commission, for admitting or authorizing any Perfon to aft as a Notary Publick in England FACULTY, Licence, or Commission, for admitting or authorizing any Perfon to aft as a Notary	30 0 0
Publick in Scotland	20 0 p
FACULTY from the Archbifhop of Canterbury, or the Mafter of the Faculties for the Time being, or from the Guardian of the Spiritmdties during a Vacancy of the Archbifliop’s See, not otherwise	t
charged -FEOFFMENT of Lands or other Hereditaments, in England\ upon the Sale or Mortgage thereof.— See Conveyance—Mortgage.	30 0 0
FEOFFMENT of Lands or other Hereditaments, in England, not otherwise charged •  48 Geo. III. Q q	x 10 0

594

*8* GEO. III.

A<D.i&o8«

C«149.

Duty.

FEOFFMENT—cbntinufd.

And where the fame shall contain any Letter or Letters of Attorney to deliver or receive Seiiin, a further Duty of And where the fame, together with any such Letter or Letters of Attorney, and any Schedule, Receipt, or bther Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, theu for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progrefltvc Duty of FURTHER CHARGE.—.See Mortgage.

GIFT of Ultimus Hasres, Baftardy, Efcheat, or Forfeiture, in Scotland.—See Grant.

GIFT of the vacant Stipend of any Parifh in Scotland, whereof the Presentation to the Church shall belong to the Crown	-	s.	i

GRANT or Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancaster, or under the Seal kept and used in Scotland m place of the Great Seal formerly tried there %

Of the Honour or Dignity q£ a Duke

——	—.of	a Marquis

-------—-----------------   of	an Earl

■ ■	  ■	of	a Vifcount

........................of	a Baron

—	   of	a Baronet	*

Of a Cong6 d’elire, to any Dean and Chapter, for the Ele&ion of an Archbifhop or Bifhop Of the Royal AfTent to or Signification of . the Ele&ion made by any Dean and Chapter, or of the Nomination and Prefentation by His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, in default of such Ele&ion, of any Perfon to be an Archbifhop or Bifhop Of or for the RcAitution of the Temporalties to any Archbifhop or Bifhop Of any other Honour, Dignity, or Promotion whatsoever, or of any <Franchife, Liberty, or Privilege, to any Perfon or Perfbns, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate And where two or more Honours or Dignities shall be granted by the fame Letters Patent to the Tame Penon, fpeh Letters Patent shall be charged with the proper Duty in f „ rdhed of the highest in point of Rank| only.	|

jg. /• dm

I IO O

i o e

1 10 a



200	O-	<X
200	O	O
SCO	O	O
150	O	O
IOO	O	O-
50	O	O
23	O	O

20	O	O
20	O	Qr

23 O O

A.D.i8o8.

48° GEO. in.

0.149.

595

SCHEDULE, PART I.

Duty.

GRANT—continued.	,

And where any Honour or Dignity, Honours or Dignities, shall be granted to any Perfon or Perfons, in remainder, the Letters Patent shall be charged with such further Duty, in respect of evciy Remainder, as would have been payable for an original Grant of the feme Honour *r Dignity, Honours or Dignities.

And where any such Grant or Letters Patent shall be contained in more than one Skin, Sheet, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, then for every Skin, Sheet, or Piece thereof, after the first, a further progrejjive Duty of	-	-	.	•.

£.

20

s.

o



o

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

CommiJJions of Rebellion in Procefs :

Letters Patent or Briefs for collecting Charitable Benevolences :

Letters Patent for confirming any Difpenfation hereinbefore charged with a Duty.	'

GRANT, or Warrant of Precedence to take Rank, under the Sign Manual of His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors GRANT or Licence to take and use a Name and Arms, or either of thein GRANT, Lease, or Tack, under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ire-land9 or the Seal of the Exchequer in England, or the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancaster, or the Seal kept and used in Scotland9 in place of the Great Seal formerly used there •$ or under the Privy Seal in England, or the Quarter Seal or Privy Seal in Scotland, unless directed to. the Great Seal; or under the Royal Sign Manual of His Majesty, His Heirs or Suc-ccffors, unless directed to any of the Seals afgre-said;

Of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or heritable Subje£ts, whatever the Tenure thereof may be, which have or shall come to His Majesty, His Heirs or Siiccedbrs, by Efcheat or Forfeiture9 or by reason of the fame being purchased by or for any Alien; or which His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeflors, is or shall be otherwise entitled to, in right of the Crown, and be authorized to dilpofe of, absolutely, as he or they shall think fit; whether such Grant, Lease, or Tack, shall be in fee or fee tail, or for Term of Life or Years 5

Qi*

20	O	O
10	O	O

59*

SCHEDULE, PART I.	Duty.
G R A NT—continued.  Or of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or heritable Subjcfts belonging to the Duchy of Lancaster, or belonging to the Crown in Scotland, whereof His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, is or shall be authorized to make only certain limited Grants, Leases, or Tacks; whether such Grant, Lease, or Tack, shall be for Term of Life or Years;  Or of any Goods, Chattels, or personal or moveable Estate, or other Profit, whereof the Grant is not otherwise charged in this Schedule;  Where such Grant, Lease, or Tack shall be	£. dm
intended to operate in any Degree, as a Gift, except in the Cafes next hercin-after mentioned, then for every Skin, Sheet, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which the fame shall be written, a Duty of -And where any such Grant, Lease, or Tack, operating as a Gift, shall be of Lands or other Hereditaments, or heritable Subjcfts, veiled in His Majesty, His Heirs or Suc-cefibrs, by £fcheat9 for want of Heirs of . auy Perfon, who was a bare Trujtee thereof, or seized into the Hands of the Crown upon any Outlawry in a Civil Aftion, at the Suit	20 a •
of any of Hjs Majefty's Subjects  And if the lame, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over	1 10 0
and above the first 1080 Words, a further progrejfive Duty of  And where any such Grant, Lease, or Tack, /hall be made for what /hall be deemed and intended as a full and adequate Confideration for the fame, cither in Money paid at once, or in Rent, or in Lands or Hereditaments given in Exchange, or otherwife	100  CTfte fame Dufy I as an a Grant, I Lease, or Turk J of the like Dt-| jeription, made I ly any of His 1 Majejrfs Suh-Ejects.
GRANT, or Conveyance, under the Seal of the Duchy of Lancaster, made in pursuance of the Aft passed in the 19th Year of His Majefty*s Reign, c. 45. for enabling the Chancellor 'and Council of the Duchy, to fell certain Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Cuftomary Tenements within their Survey	' The fame. Duty as for any other Conveyance upon the Sale of j any Property, for a Ctuf/ides c-ticn of the like Amount,  See Convey* V.ANCE.

GRANT—continued.

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties, except the Duty on the Receipt for the Con/ideration Money.

All Grants and Conveyances under the Seal of the Duchy of Lane after9 made in pursuance of the said Aft of the 19 th Tear of His Majefty9 s Reign , where the Confide ration Money paid for the fame shall not exceed iol.

GRANT, Leafe or other Conveyance, from His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors, of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any personal Eft ate, being respectively the private Property of His Majesty, Iiis Heirs or Succeffors, and subject to His or their absolute Difpofal, by virtue of the Adt pafTed in the 4:th Year of His Majefty’s Reign, concerning the Difpofition of certain real and personal Property of His Ma-iefty, His Heirs or Succeffors GRANT under the Great Seal of the United King, dom of Great Britain and Ireland* or the Seal kept and used in Scotland in place of the Great Seal formerly used there; or under the Privy Seal in England, or the Quarter Seal or Privy Seal in Scotland, unless directed to the Great Seal; or under the Sign Manual of His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors, unless diredfced to any of the Seals aforesaid; out of the Civil Lift, either of England or Scotland, or out of any other Fund, not being Part of the Supplies of the Year, or appropriated by Parliament;

Of any definite aud certain Sum or Sums of Money,

Not amounting to iool.

Amounting to iool. and to 250I.

‘ Amounting to 250I. and not amounting to 500I.	«

Amounting to 500I. and not amounting to 750I.	-

Amounting to 750I to i,oool.

Amounting to i,oool. every iool. thereof

Or of any Annuity or Penjton*

Not amounting to iool. per Annum Amounting to iool. and not amounting to • 200I. per Annum -Amounting, to 20ol. and not amounting to 490L per Annum ,

9*3

Em I. dm

The fame Duty us on a Grata, Lease, or Conveyance of the ' like Dejcrtpticm, * from any 0/ His Majefty's Subjects.

cot amounting

and

not amounting or upwards; for

I IQ Q 400 IO O 9 20 O Q 30 O O 5 0 0 X IO O 4 0 0 10 O O

GRANT—continued.

Amounting to 400I. and not amounting to fool, per Annum	-	-

Amounting to 690k and not amounting to 800I. per Annum	-	-

Amounting to 800L and not amounting to i,oool. per Annum Amounting to i,ooo1r per Annum, or upwards

But where any tuch Grant of an Annuity or Penfion shall be made in confirmation or by way of Renewal only, of any former Grant of the like Amount and Description, then only a Duty of	-

And where Several and di(lin& Annuities or Penfions shall be granted to or for the Benefit of different Perfons by the fame Inftrument, the proper Duty shall be charged in respect of each Annuity or Penfion ; but where the Grant shall be of any Annuity or Penfion, to or for the Benefit of Two or more Perfons jointly, the Duty shall be charged in respect of the whole.

GRANT, or Appointment by His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors, or by any other Perfon or Perfons, Body Politick or Corporate, of or to any Office or Employment* by Letters patent, Deed, or other Writing;

Where the Salary, Fees, and Emoluments appertaining thereto, shall not amount to 50k per Annum And where the fame shall amount to 50I. and not amount to iool. per Annum And where the fame shall amount to iool. and not amount to 200k per Annum And where the lame shall amount to 200k and not amount to 300k per Annum And where the lame shall amount to 300I. and not amount to 500I. per Annum And where the fame shall amount to 500L and not amount to 750k per Annum And where the fame shall amount to 750k and not amount to j ,000k per Annum And where the fame shall amount to i,oool.

and not amount to 1,500k per Annum And where the fame shall amount to 1,500k and not amount to 2,000k per Annum And where the fame shall amount to 2,000k and not amount to 3,000k per Annum And-where the fame shall amount to 3,000k per Annum or upwards

£.	X.	
20	O	O
3°	O	O
40	O	O
5°	O	O

I IO Q

1	IO	0
3	0	0
5	0	0
10	0	0
*0	0	0
30	0	0
4a	0	0
50	0	O
7S	0	O
ISO	0	O
IJO	0	0

4

A»D« 18o3«

48* GEO. Ill

C. 149.

599

G RANT-~continue<I.

The said Fees and Emoluments to be estimated according to the Average Amount thereof for three Y earspreceding, where practicable ; and in other Cases, according to the belt Information that can be obtained.

And where any such Grant or Appointment , shall be made to or of Two or more Perfons jointly, with separate and diftinCt Salaries, Fees, or Emoluments; the fame shall be charged with a separate and distinct Duty, in relpedt of each Perfon, according to the Amount of the Salary, Fees, and Emoluments appertaining to such Perfon.

Provided always, that no Duty shall be charged, in respect of any Perfon, to whom any Office or Employment shall be granted anew, upon the Revocation of any former Grant or Appointment, and who shall have paid a Stamp Duty on any former Grant ► or Appointment, unless the Salary, Fees, k and Emoluments appertaining to such Perfon, shall be in any Manner augmented ; and '	in that Cafe, a Duty shall be charged, in

refpeft of such Perfon, only in proportion to the Amount of the Augmentation. GRANT by Copy of Court Roll.—See Copyhold. GRANT upon the Sale of any Property, not be-longing to the Crown.—See Conveyance. HERITABLE Bond.—See Bond, Mortgage. INSTITUTION, granted by any Archbishop, Bishop, Chancellor, or other Ordinary, or by any Ecclefiaflical Court, in and to any Ecclefi-aftical Benefice, Dignity, or Promotion, in England ;

Where the fame shall proceed upon a Pre-fentation	...

And where it shall proceed upon the Petition of the Patron to be himself admitted and in-ftituted 5 if the Benefice, Dignity, or Promotion, shall be of the yearly Value of Ten Pounds or upwards, in the King’s Books -Qr if the fame mail be of any other Defcription But such Petition shall not be liable to any Stamp Duty.

INSTITUTION, by any Prefbytery pr other competent Authority, to Ecclefiaflical Benefices, in Scotland.—See Collation.

INVENTORY.—See Schedule.

LAND TAX. Inflruments relating to the Redemption and Sale thereof.—See the General Exemptiont at the End of this Part of the Schedule.

£. x. d. -

r. *

too

20 O O IO O O

SCHEDULE, PART I.

LEASES, or Tacks of Lands, &c. belonging to HU Majesty, in Right of the Crown, or other-wife.—See Grant.

LEASES, or Tacks of Lands, &c. not belonging to His Majesty, viz.

LEASE (or bargain and Sale) for a Year.—See Bargain and Sale.

LEASE, or Tack of any Lands, Hereditaments, or heritable Subje&s, for a Term not exceeding Twenty-one Years, at a yearly Rent of iol. or less, and without any Fine, or Graflum paid for the fame	-

LEASE, or Tack of any Lands, Hereditaments, or heritable Subje&s for a Life or Lives, or for a Term of Years determinable with a Life or Lives, or for a Term absolute, not exceeding Forty Years, in confederation of a Fine or Gral-fum paid for the fame, not exceeding Tweuty Pounds;

If the Rent referred or stipulated shall not exceed Forty Shillings And if the Rent reserved or stipulated shall exceed Forty Shillings LEASE, or Tack of any Kina, not other wife charged in this Schedule

And for the Counterpart or Duplicate of any Leafe or Tack, hereby charged with a Duty . of il. the like Duty of And for the Counterpart or Duplicate of any other Leafe or Tack whatsoever And where any such Leafe or Tack, Counterpart, or Duplicate as aforesaid, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Mat-1	ter,	put or indorsed thereon, or annexed

thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further pro* grejfive Duty of	...

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties• ■

Leafes or Tacts of wqfie or uncultivated Landsf to any poor or labouring Perfonst for any Term not exceeding three Lives, or Ninety-nine Tears9 where the Fine shall not exceed Five Shillings, nor the reserved Rent One Guinea ter Annum ; and the Counterparts or Duplicates of all such Leafes•

LETTER, or Power of Attorney, made by any Petty Officer, Seaman, Marine, or Soldier ferv-ing as a Mferine, for receiving Prize Money

Duty.



d.

o o

O o IO o IO o

O o to o

O o

' LETT E R—contin utd.

LETTER, or Power of Attorney, of any other Kind, or Commiilion or Fadory in the Nature thereof	-	-

And where the fame, together with any Schedule, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, ihall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progrejfive Duty of LETTER of Licence from Creditors to a Debtor -An4 where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words con-tained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further trogreffive Duty of LETTERS of Marque ana Repri&l . -LETTERS Patent.—See Grant.

LETTER of REVERSION, in Scotland.—See Mortgage.

LICENCE for Marriage, in England, if Special -

---------■	■	■	■■	■■ if not Special

LICENCE to be granted by any Archbishop, fiishop, Vicar-General, or other competent Authority, in England, for the Non-refidence of .any Clergyman upon his Living, pursuant to the AGl of the 43d Year of His Majefty's Reign -LICENCE of any Kind, not otherwtfe charged in this Schedule, which shall pass the Seal of any Arch-bishop, Bishop, Chancellor, or other Ordinary, or of anv Ecclefiaftical Court, in England; or whiqh mail be granted by any Prefbytery, or other Eccleiiaftical Power, in Scotland



1 o

1 10

1	o

5 0

5 °

o 10

% o

2	O

d.

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

Q

o

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties•

Licences to Stipendiary Curates in England, wherein the Annual Amount of the Stipend shall be specified, and Licences for the lion-Ref dence of Clergymen upon their Livings, where granted on the Ground of there being no House or no Jit House of Rejidence thereon.

LICENCE to use and exercise the Calling or Occupation of an Appraifer

To be taken out, yearh, by every Perfon who ihall exercise the faia Calling or Occupation, or make any Appraifement or Valuation, heroin-before charged 'with a Duty, for or

060

C. 149,

480 GEO. Ill*

A.D.i8c8.

6o*

LICENCE—continued•

in expectation ,of any Gain, Fee, or Reward, except licensed AuQioueere.

LICENCE to be taken but, yearly, by any Banker or Bankers, or other Perfon or rerfons, who ihall issue any Promiflory Notes for Money, payable to the Bearer on demand, and allowed' to be re-iSTued	-	, -

LICENCE to exercise the Faculty of Physick, in London, and within Seven Mues thereof.—See Admission.

LICENCE Jo aft .as a Notary Publick.—See Faculty.

LICENCE to demise Copyhold Lands.—See Copy-hold.

MARRIAGE LICENCE.—See Licence. MATRICULATION in the Univerlities.—See Admission.

MEMORIAL, to be registered pursuant to any A€t gf Parliament, made or to be iqade, for the publick registering of Deeds and Conveyances, in England	-

And for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any such Memorial Shall be written, after the firil, a furtherprogrejjwe Duty of	-

MEMORIAL, to be registered or inrolled pursuant to A61 of Parliament, of any Deed qr Instrument, Deeds or Instruments, whereby any Annuity Shall be granted or secured, in England

And for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any such Memorial Shall be written, after the first, a further pro-greffive Duty of	•

MORTGAGE, Conditional Surrender by way of Mortgage, Further Charge, Wadfet, and Heritable Bond; Difpolitiou, Aflignation, or Tack, in Security; and Eik to a Reversion; of or affecting any Lands, Eitate, or Property, real or personal, heritable or moveable whatsoever ;

Alfo any Deed, containing an Obligation to infeft any Perfon in an Annual Rent, or m Lands or other heritable Subje6ts, in Scotland, under a Claufe of Reversion, but without any personal Bond or Obligation therein contained, for Payment of the Money or Stock intended to be Secured ;

Alfo any Conveyance of any Lands, Estate, or Property whatsoever, in trust to be fold or otherwise converted into Money, which Shall be intended only as a Security, and Shall be redeem*

j£-	*.	4/.

20 o I

o 10 o

o 10 o

100

100

i8o]B.

C.149;

48° GEO. III.

TVIO RT GAGJL~continued.

able before the Sale or ptjier Difpofal thereof, either by express Stipulation ofotherwise; except <wkere fuck Conveyance shall be made, for the Benefit of Creditors generally, or for the Benefit of Creditors fpectfiedf whoJhall accept the Provifion made for Payment of their Debts, in full Satis-.JaQion thereof or who shall exceedfive in number ;

Alfo ?my Defeazance, Letter of Reverhon, or Back Bond, for defeating or making redeemable any Conveyance, Difposition, A mg nation, or Tack, of any. Lands, Estate, or Property whatsoever, which shall be apparently absolute, but intended only as a Security;

Alfo any Agreement, Contra#, or Bond, accompanied with a Depofit of Title Deeds, for making a Mortgage, Wadfet, or any such other Security or Conveyance as aforesaid, of any Lands, Estate, or Property comprised in fucli Title Deeds, or for pledging or charging the fatne as a Security; „

And also any Deed, whereby a Real Burden shall be declared or created on Lands or Heritable Subje# in Scotland:

Where the fame refpe#ively shall be made, as a Security for the Payment of any definite and certain Sum of Money, advanced or lent at the Time* or previously due and owing, or forborne to be paid, being payable,	l

Not exceeding 50I.

Exceeding 50I. and not exceeding iobl. -Exceeding iool. and pot exceeding 150L • Exceeding 150I. and not exceeding 300I. -Exceeding 300I. and not exceeding 500I. -Exceeding 500I. and not exceeding i,oool. Exceeding i,oook and not exceeding 2,oool. Exceeding 2,oool. and not exceeding 3,000!. Exceeding 3,oool. and not exceeding 4,000!. Exceeding 4,000k and not exceeding 5,000k Exceeding 5,oookand not exceeding 1 o,ocok Exceeding io,oook and not exceeding 15,0001.	-

Exceeding 15,000k and not • exceeding 20,000k	-

Exceeding 20,000k And where the fame rcfpe#ively shall be made, as a Security for the Repayment of Money, to be thereafter lent, advaneed, or paid, or which may become, due upon an Account current, together with any Sum already advanced or due, or without, as the Cafe may be 5

s* dlj

0	*5	0
I	0	0
I	IO	0
2	0	0
3	0	0
4	0	0
5	0	0
6	0	0
7	0	0
8	0	0
10	0	0
12	0	O
*5	0	0
20	• 0	O

603

\

604

c. 149. 48° GEO. nL	A.D.tfcj
SCHEDULE, PART I.	Duty.
MORTGAGE—continued.  If the total Amount of the Money fe-	/. L
cured, or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon, shall be uncertain and without any Limit - -But if the total Amount of the Money secured, or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon, shall be limited not to exceed a given Sum -  And where the fame refpe&ivcly shall be made, a&a Security for the Transfer or Re-transfer of any Share, in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stock and Funds of the Goveruor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the East India Company, or of the South Sea Company, in consideration of Stock or Money advanced or lent at the Time, or previoudy due and owing, or forborne to be paid, being payable * * -  , Jind where the fame respectively shall be made, as a Security for the Payment of a Sum of Money, ana also for the Transfer or Retransfer of a Share in any of the said Stocks or Funds; the said ad valorem Duty shall be charged in respect of each.  And in cafe the fame respectively shall be made, as a Security for the Payment or Transfer, to different Perfons, of Separate and distinct Sums of Money, or Shares in any of the said Stocks or Funds; the said ad valorem Duty shall be charged for and in refpedfc of each Separate and distinct Sum of Money, or Share in any of the said Stocks or Funds, therein specified and secured, and not upon the aggregate Amount thereof.  And where any such Mortgage or Wadfct, or other Inftrument hereby charged with the fame Duty as a Mortgage or Wadfet, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words,	20 0 c  b  1 *' «* « 1, • or P - . ■■  The j*£&e rJ. \ as km* « .V gage or If * Jar a $ - -  . r .  the  Stork .. • JecurrH, z -  ^ Wgtot'.f •  Price the • ' the Dev  Datofh'K  finrmrut r« ■  of the 7>. ‘ ^preceding*
or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words, contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further pro* grejjroe Duty of MORTGAGE, &c.—Any Transfer or Affignment, Difpofition or Affignation, of any Mortgage or	100

SCHEDULE, PART I.

Duty.

-vl O RT GAGE —continued.

Wadfet, or of any such other Security as afore-said, or of the Benefit thereof, and of the Money or Stock thereby secured 5 —in all Cafes where the Perfon entitled to the Right of Redemption or Reversion, shall not be made a Party to such r Transfer or Aflignment, Difpofition or Afligna-tion; and also where the Penon, who originally made the Mortgage, Wadfet, or other Security, shall continue intitled to the Right of Redemption or Reversion, and shall be made a Party to such Transfer or Affignment, Difpofition or Aflignation, provided no further Sum of Money or Stock be added to the principal Money or Stock already fecured	...

And in all other Cases, such Transfer or Aflignment, Difpofition or Aflignation, shall be charged with the fame Duty as an original Mortgage, Wadfet, or other Security.

And where any such Transfer or Aflignment, Difpofition or Aflignation, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorfcd thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of ic8o Words contained therein, over and above the first ic8o Words, a further progrejftve Duty of - • PROVIDED always, that where several distinct Deeds or Inftruments, falling within the De-feription of any of the Inftruments hereby charged with the said ad valorem Duty on Mortgages and Wadsets, {hall be made at the fame Time, for securing the Payment or Tranf-fer of one and the fame Sum of Money, or one and the fame Share of any of the Stocks or Funds before-mentioned; the said ad valorem Duty {hall be charged and chargeable, only on one of such Deeds or Inftruments; and all the rest {hall be charged with the Duty, to which the fame may be liable, under any more general Defcription of such Deeds or Inftruments, contained in this Schedule 5 and the Commif-fioners of Stamps {hall, if thereunto required, for the fake of Evidence, cause all the veil of such Deeds or Inftruments, to be also stamped with some particular Stamp, for testifying the Payment of the said ad valorem Duty, bn proof tp their Satisfaction, that all the said Deeds or Inftruments have paid the proper Duties hereby charged thereon.

And where any Copyhold or Cuftoraary Lands or Hereditaments {hall be mortgaged, by

£. j.

1 10

1 o

d.

o



5

MO RT GAGE—continued.

£. S* dm

means of a Conditional Surrender or Grant; the said ad valorem Duty shall be charged on the Surrender or Grant, or the Memorandum thereof, if made out of Court; or on the Copy of Court Roll of the Surrender of Grant, if made in Court.

And where any Copyhold or Cuftomary Lands or Hereditaments shall be mortgaged, or charged, together with other Property, for securing one and the fame Sum of Money, or one and the fame Shate of any of the Stocks or Funds before-mentioned; the said ad valorem Duty shall be charged on the Deed or Inftru-ment relating to the other Property.

£» .........................

Any Deed or other Inflrument, made in pursuance of and conformally to any Agreement, Contract * or Bond, hereby charged with, and which Jball eSually have paid, the said ad valorem Duty• Any Deed or other Inflrumcnt, made for the further AJfurance only, of any EJlate or Property, already mortgaged, pledged or charged as a Security, by any Deed or Inflrument, which /ball have paid the said ad valorem Duty hereby charged, or the ad valorem Duty on mortgages or Heritable Bonds, imposed by the A8 of the 44th Tear of His Majefly's Reign before-mentioned.

Any Deed or other Inflrumcnt, made as an ad-

Jccured by any Deed or Inflrumcnt, which Jball have paid the said ad Valorem Duty hereby charged, or the ad valorem Duty on Mortgages or heritable Bonds, charged by the said Act of the 44tfs Tear of His Maj fly's Reign, to be exempt from the said ad valorem. Duty hereby charged, so far as regards such Sum or Sums of Money, or such Share or Shares of any of the said Stocks or Fun Us, before fecu red. in cafe such additional or further Security /hall be made by the fame Perjon or Perfons who made the original Security : but if any further Sura of

a *	|	V	4

Stock.

A»D<180S i

4*> GEO. III..

C. 149*

607

SCHEDULE, PART I.

MORTGAGE—continued

For General Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamps Duties, fee the End, of this Part of the Schedule.

MORTGAGE, Wadfet, &c. with a Conveyance of the Equity or Right of Redemption or Re-version, or other Matter in the fame Deed; viz.

" Where any Deed or Writing fhaU operate as a Mortgage or other Inftrument, hereby charged with the ad valorem Duty on Mort-

figes, and also as a Conveyance of the quity or Right of Redemption or Reversion (of any Lands, Estate, or Property therein comprised, to or in trust for, or according to the Dire&ion of a Purchafer; such Deed or Writing shall be charged, not only with the said ad valorem Duty on Mortgages, but also with the ad valorem Duty herein-before charged on a Conveyance upon the Sale of any Property:—But where the Equity, or Right of Redemption or Reverfion shall be thereby conveyed or limited, in any other Manner, such Deed or Writing shall be charged only as a Mortgage. And, in all other Cases, where a Mortgage, or other Inftrument hereby charged with the ad valorem Duty on Mortgages, shall be contained in one and the fame Deed or Writ ing with any other Matter or Thing (except what shall he incident to such Mortgage or other Injlrument)—fuch Deed or Writing shall be charged with the fame Duties (except the progressive Duty ) as such Mortgage or other Inftrument, and such other Matter or Thing, would have been separately charged with, if contained in fe^arate Deeds or Writings.

And where any such Deed or Writing, as is mentioned' in -the two preceding Clauses, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or, indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words, v or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over ana above the first 1080 Words, a further pro-gre/pve Duty of NOMINATION by His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeifors, or by any other Patron, to any perpetual Curacy in England NOTARIAL ACT, any whatsoever, not otherwise charged in this Schedule

Duty.”

£. s. d*

1 O Q

1 «io o 0 5 o

SCHEDULE, PART I.	Duty.
NOTARIAL ACT—continued.  And for every Sheet or Piece of Paper, Parchment or Vellum, upon which the lame shall be written, after the firlt, a further	d.
progt-ejji'vc Duty of ORDER for the Payment of Money.—See Bill of Exchange.	0  0
PASSPORT  POLICY of AfTurance or Infurance, or other In-ftrument, by whatever Name the fame shall be calied, whereby any Infurance shall be made upon any Life or Lives, or upon any Event or Contingency, relating to or depending upon any Life or Lives,  Where the Sum iufured shall not amount	0  v*  0
to 500I. -And where it shall amount to yocl. or upwards POLICY of AfTurance or Infurance, or other In-	0	15 O  1	IO 0
Itrument, by whatever Name the fame shall be calied, whereby any Tnfurance shall be made of or upon any Building, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Property, from Lofs or Damage by Fire only - -POLICY of AfTurance or Infurance, or other In-ftrument, by whatever Name the fame shall be calied, whereby any Infurance shall be made upon atiy Ship or Vejfely or upon any Goods, Merchandize, or other Property on board of any Ship | or VefTel, or upon the Freight of any Ship or] Veffel, or upon any other Interefl in or relating to 1 any Ship or VefTel, which may lawfully be insured, for or upon any Voyage from any Port or Place , in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in the Iflands of Guernfey9 Jersey, Alderney, or Sarky or the Ifle of Many to any other Port or Place in the said Kingdom, or Istands, or Ifle of Man 5  Where the Premium or Confideration for fuch	OIO
Infurance, actually and bona fide paid, given, or contracted for, shall not exceed the Kate pf Twenty Shillings per Centum on the Sum insured; '  If the whole Sum insured shall not exceed iool. And if the whole Sum insured fhall\ exceed iool. then for every iocl. and also for any fractional Part of iccl. whereof the fame	O .1 3
fhall consist -And where the Premium or Confideration for such Infurance, actually and bona fide paid, given, or contracted for, shall exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Centum on 1 the Sum insured ;	0 * s

A.D. 1808. 48° GEO. HI.	C. 149. 609
SCHEDULE, PART I.	' Duty.
POLICY—continued.  If the whole Sum insured shall not exceed iool. And if the whole Sum t insured shall exceed % iool. then for every iool. and also for any fractional Part of iool. whereof the fame	£• /• d% 0 2 6
(hall consist - - -But if the separate Interejls of two or. more diftinCt Perfoos (nail be infured	026
by one Policy or lnftruraent, then the said Duty qf is. 3d. or 23. 6d. as the Cafe may require, shall be charged thereon, in respect of each and every fractional Part of loci, as well as in respect of every full Sum of iool. which * shall be thereby insured upon any separate and diftinQ Interejl•  POLICY of Aflurance or Infurance, or other In-(trument, by whatever Name the fame shall be calied, whereby any Infurance shall be made upon any Ship or Vejfd, or upon any Goods, Merchandize, or other Property on board of any Ship or Veflel, or upon the Freight of any Ship or Veflel, or upon any other Intereft in or, relating to any Snip or Veflel, which may lawfully be insured, for or upon any other Voyage than is herein-before specified, or for any certain Term or. Period of Time, not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months:  Where the Premium or Confideration for fuch	t
Infurance, actually and bona fide paid, , given, or con trailed for, shall not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Centum on the Sum insured ;  If the whole Sum insured shall not exceed iool. And if the whole Sum insured shall exceed iool. then for every iool. and also for any fractional Part of icol. whereof the fame	026
(hall consist -And where the Premium or Confideration for	026
fuch Infurance, actually and bona fide paid, given, or contracted tor, shall exceed the Kate bf Twenty Shillings per Centum on the Sum insured;  . ' If the whole Sum insured shall not exceed iool.  And if the whole Sum insured shall exceed iool. then for every iool. and also for any fractional Part of iool. whereof the fame	0  0
(hall consist -But if the separate Inter efts of Two or more diftinCt Perfons shall be insured by one Policy or Inftrument, then the said Duty s of 2s. 6d. or 5s. as the Cafe may require, 48 Geo. III. Re	0 5 9

48® GEO. III.

AJD.i8o£.

$10

C. 149.

Duty.

POLICY —- continued.	I

(hall be charged thereon, in respect of each and every fra&ioual Part of iool. as well as in refpeCT of every full Sum of iool. which {hall be thereby insured upon any separate and diJlhiB Inttrefl.

POLICY of Affuranco or Infurance, or other In-ftrument, by whatever Name the fame shall be calied, whereby any Infurance, commonly called a Mutual Infurance, shall be made, or whereby divers Perfons shall insure or agree to insure one another, without any Premium or pecuniary Con-ftderation, from any Lofs, Damage, or Misfortune that may happen of or to any Ship or Vejfelt or any Goods, Merchandize, or other Property on board of any Ship or Veffel, or the Freight of any Ship or Veffel, or any other Intereft in or relating to any Ship or Veffel, which may lawfully be infurea:

Upon any Voyage from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in the Iflauds of Guernfey^ Jerfeji Alderney, or Sari, or the Ifle of Man9 to any other Port or Place in the said Kingdom, or Ifland9, or Ifle of Man ;

For every Sum of iool. and also for each and every fra61 ional Part of iool. thereby insured to any Perfon or Perfons Upon any other Voyage whatsoever, or for any certaih Term or Period of Time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months;

/ For every Sum of jo:1. and also for each and every frational Part of iool. thereby insured to any Perfon or Perfons POT.ICY of Affurance or Infurance, or other In-itrament, by whatever Name the fame {hall be calied; whereby any other lawful Infurance f <wbatfoever9 not hercin-heforc charged, /hall be I * made upon any Property or Intereft whatever, from Lofs or Damage ot any Kind ;

Whe*^ the Premium or Confideration for such Infurance, a6lual!y and bona fide paid, given, or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Centum, on the Sum insured;

If the whole Sum insured shall not exceed iool. And if the whole Sum insured {hall exceed: jool. then for every iool. and alio for any] fractional Part of uol. whereof the fame {hall confift	...

And where the Premium or Confideration for such Infurance, actually and bona Cdcpuid,

j£.

o

o

o

o

dm

1 f

5 •

1	6

2	i

/

C.149f

SCHEDULE, PART I.

POLICY—contln ued.

given, or contra&rd for, shall exceed the Rate of Twenty shillings per Centum, on the Sum insured; and also where the In-furance shall b«.j made for any other than a pecuniary Confident ion.

If the whole Sum insured shall not exceed tool. And if the whole Sum insured shall exceed iool. then for every iool. and also for any fra&ional Part of iool. whereof the fame shall confift	-

But if the separate Jnterejls of Two or more distinct Perfons shall be insured by one Policy or Inilrument, then the said Duty of 2s. 6d. or 5s. as the Cafe may require, shall be charged thereon, in respect of each and ever) fractional Part of iool. as well as in respect of every full Sum of iool. which shall be thereby insured upon any separate and dlfllnS Interejl.

POWER of ATTORNEY.—Sec Letter of Attorney.

PRECEPT of Clare Conflat, to give Seiiin of Lands or other heritable Subjects in Scotland - v -And where the fame shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further pro-gre/fivc Duty of	-

PRESENTATION by His Majesty, His Heirs, or Succeflbrs, or by any other Patron,

' To any Eccleliallical Benefice, ’Dignity, or Promotion in England, of the yearly Value of Ten Pounds or upwards, in the King’s Books	-	-	-

To any other Ecclefiaftical Benefice, Dignity, or Promotion whatsoever in Engthnd PROCURATION, Deed or other Inftrument of -And where the fame, together with any Schedule or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain •	2160	Words	or	upwards,	then	for	every

entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained < therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a furtherprogrejfroe Duty of PROMISSORY NOTE, fo? the Payment, to the Bearer on demandy of any Spin of Money,

Not exceeding One Pound and One Shilling -Exceeding ll. is. and not exceeding 2l. 2s. -Exceeding 2I. 23. and not exceeding 5I. 53. -Exceeding 5I. 59. and not exceeding 20I. Exceeding 20I. and not exceeding 30I,

Rr 2

Duty.

£. /.

0 5 * 5

o 7

0	7

20 o

IO o

1	o

o o o o

O I Q I

0 3

d

o

o

o

o

o

o

©

o

t

o

6

4l2

C: 149.

^8° GEO. m/

A*D* 18oS«

PROMISSORY NOTE—continued.

Exceeding 30I. and not exceeding 50I. Exceeding 50I. and not exceeding iocl. Which laid Notes for any Sum, not exceeding Two Pounds andTwo Shillings, may be re-issued, after Payment thereof, as often as fhallbe thought fit 5 and the said Notes for any Sum, exceeding Two Pounds and Two Shillings and not exceeding- iool. may be re-iffued from Time to Time after Payment thereof, until the Expirtttion of Three Years from the Date thereof, but not afterwards. PROMISSORY NOTE, for the Payment, in any other Manner than to the Bearer on demand9 of any Sum of Money,

Amounting to 40s. and not exceeding 5I. 5s. Exceeding 5I. ys. and not exceeding 30I. Exceeding 30I. and not exceeding 50II Exceeding 50I. and not exceeding tool.

Thefc Notes are not to be re issued, after t	being	once paid.

PROMISSORY NOTE, for the Payment, either to the Bearer on demand, or in any other Manner than to the Bearer on demand, of any Sum of Money,

Exceeding iool. and not exceeding 2cot. Exceeding 200L and not exceeding 500I-Exceeding 500I. and not exceeding i,oool. Exceeding i,oool. and not exceeding 3,oool Exceeding 3,000!. .

Thefe Notes are not to be re-issued, after being once paid.

PROMISSORY NOTE, for the Payment cf any Sum of Money by Inftalments, or for the Payment of several Sums of Money, at different Days or Times, so that the whole of the Money to be paid fhallsbe definite and certain

And the following Inftruments shall be deemed and taken to be Promiffory Notes, within the Intent and Meaning of this Schedule ; viz.

All Notes, promising the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money out of any particular Fund,

*	which fnay or may not be available ; or upon

*	any Condition or Contingency, which may or may not be performed or happen; if the fame

*	fhall be made payable to tne Bearer, or to

*	Order, and if the fame lhaU be definite and

£% /• d* 046 076

O I o

0x6

020

030

040

050 076 o 10 o 100

r'The fame >

as an a Prv~ iwijjbry .V -payable after Dale, Jvr * Sum the whole si mount uf the A/oary fr lx paid.

A.D.i8o8.

48® GEO. Ill,

'	C.i‘49,



613

PROMISSORY NOTE—continued.

certain, and not amount in the whole to Twenty . Pounds;

And all Receipts for Money depofked in any Bank, or in the Hands of any Banker or Bankers, which shall contain any Agreement or Memorandum, importing that Intcreil shall be paid for the Money so aepofited.

Exemptions from the Duties on Promiffory Notes. Jill Notes promising the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money out of any particular Fund, which may or may not be available; or upon any Condition or Contingency, which may or may not be performed or happen; where the fame shall not be made payable to the Bearer or to Order ; and also where the fame shall be made payable to the Bearer or to Order, if the fame shall amount to Twenty Pounds, or be indefinite;

And ail other Injlrismenls, bearing in any Degree the Form or Style of Promiffory Notes, but which in Law shall be deemed special Agree ments, except those hereby expressly directed to be deemed Promtjfory Notes.

But such of the Notes and Instruments here exempted from the Duty on Promiflbry Notes, shall nevertheless be liable to the Duty which may attach thereon, as Agreements or otherwise.	<■

Exemptions from -the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

All Promiffory Notes for, the Payment of Money, tjfucd by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England*

PROTEST of bny Bill of Exchange or Promiffory Note, for any Sum of Money,

. Not amounting to 20I.

Amounting to 20I. and not amounting to loos. Amounting to 100L and not amounting to 500I.	...

Amounting to 500I. or upwards

PROTEST of any other Kind

And for every Sheet or Piece of Paper, Parchment, or Vellum, upon which the fame shall be written, after the first, a further Jprogreffive Duty of/

PURCHASE DEED.—See Conveyance omthe Sale of Lands, &c.

REAL BURDEN on Lands in Scotland, Deed creating.—See Mortgage, Disposition.

Rt g

Duty.

£. /• d%

o 0 3

* o o

0	5	O

o 10 o

0	5	O

S »

C. 149.

48° GEO. III.

A.D.1808.

6x4.

SCHEDULE, PART I.

Duty.

RECEIPT or Difcharge, given for or upon the Payment of Money,

Amounting to 2I. and not amounting to iol. -Amounting to iol. and not amounting to 2ol. Amounting to 20I. and not amounting to 50I. Amounting to 50I. and not amounting to iool. Amounting to iool. and not amounting to 200I. Amounting to 2col. and not amounting toyool. Amounting to 500L or upwards And where any Sum of Money whatever, shall be therein exprefTed or acknowledged to be received in full of all Demands And any Note, Memorandum, or Writing whatsoever, given to any Perfon, for or upon the Payment of Money, whereby any Sum of Money, Debt, or Demand, or any Part of any Debt or Demand, therein fpcci-fiedy and amounting to Two Pounds or upwards, shall be exprefTed or acknowledged to have been paid, fettled, balaneed, or other-wife discharged or fatisfedy or which shall import or ugnify any such Acknowledgment, and whether the fame shall or shall not be signed with the Name of any Perfon, shall be deemed and taken to be a Receipt for a Sum of Moneys of equal Amount with the Sum, Debt, or Demand, so exprefTed or acknowledged to have been paid, fettled, balaneed, or otherwise discharged or fatis-fied, within the Intent and Meaning of this Schedule and of the foregoing A&, and shall be charged with a Duty accordingly.' And any Receipt or Difcharge, Note, Memorandum, or Writing whatever, given to any Perfon, for or upon - the Payment of Money, which shall contain, import, or signify any general’Acknowledgment of any Debt, Account, Claim, or Demand, Debts,

• Accounts, Chums, or Demands, whereof the Amount shall not be therein fpecifiedy hav-. ing been paid, fettled, balaneed, or other-wife discharged or satisfied, or whereby any Sum of Money therein mentioned shall be acknowledged to be received, in fully or in discharge or Satisfa&ion of any such Debt, r. Account, Claim, or Demand, Debts, Accounts, Claims, or Demands, and whether the fame shall or shall not be signed with the Name of any Perfon, shall be deemed and taken to be a Receipt for the Sum of 500I. or upwards^ within the Intent and Meaning'qf

£. /•

o o o o o o o 1 o 2 o 3 o 5

o 5

t *

d.

2

4

8

o

o

o

o

o

SCHEDULE, PART I.

, Duty.



RECEIPT—continued.

this Schedule and of the foregoing Aft; and shall be charged with the Duty of Five Shillings accordingly.

And all Receipts, Difcharges, and Acknowledgments of the Defcription aforesaid, which shall be given for or upon Payments made by or with any Bills of Exchange, Drafts, Promiffory Notes, or other Securities for Money, shall be deemed and taken to be Receipts given upon the Payment of Money, within the Intent and Meaning of this Schedule and of the foregoing A&.

Exemptions from the preceding Duties on Receipts. Receipts exempted from Stamp Duty by any Aft or A8s of the trefent Scfflon relating to the AJfeJfedlaxess Receipts or Difcharges given by the Treasurer of the Navy, for any Money imprejled to or received by him, for the Service of the Navy : Receipts or Difcharges given by any Agent, for Money imprefted to him, on account of the Pay of the Army or Ordnance 9 Receipts or Difcharges given by any Officer, Sea man, Marine, or Soldier, or their Reprefenta-tivee respectively, for or on account of any Wages, Pay, or Pen/iont due from the Navy Office, Army Pay Office, or Ordnance Office : Receipts or Difcharges given for the Confideration Money, for the Punhafe of any Share in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks. or Funds, or in the Stocks and Funds of the Governor and Company ofthe Bank of England, or of the Eafl India Company, or South Sea Company. and for any Dividend paid on any Share of the fatd Stocks or Funds refpcSively : Receipts given for Money, depqfited in the Bank of England, or in toe Bards of Scotland, Or Royal Bank of Scotland, or in the Bank of the Brifijh Linen Company in Scotland, or in. the Hands of any Banker or Bankers, to he accounted for on Demand 9 provided the fame'be not exprejfed to be received of, or by the Hands of, any other than the Perfbn or Perfons to whom the fame is’to he accounted for.*r-But if with Intereft—rSce Rromffory Note.

Receipts or Difcharges written upon Promiffory Notes, Bills of Exchange, Drafts or Orders for the Payment of Money, duly Jlamped accords ing to the Laws in force, at the Date thereof} Rr4

A* s •

d.

RECEIPT—continued.

pr upon 'Bills'of Exchange drawn out of hut payable in Great Britain :

Receipts or Difeharges, given upon Bills or Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England :

Letters by the General Pojl, acknowledging the safe Arrival of any Bills of Exchange, Pro-mijfory Notes, or other Securities for Money :

Receipts or Difeharges, indorsed or otberwifc written upon, or contained in9 any Bond, Mortgage, or other Security, or any Conveyance, Deed, or Inftrument whatever, duly fiamped according to the Laws in force at the Date thereof, acknowledging the Receipt of the Conf deration Money therein exprcjfed, or the Receipt of any principal Money, Jnterejl9 or Annuity, thereby ftcured:

Releafes or Difeharges for Money, By Deeds duly Jlamped according to the Laws in force at the Date thereof Receipts or Difeharges given for Drawbacks or ' Bounties, upon the Exportation of any Goods or Merchandise from Great Britain :

Receipts or Difeharges for the Return of any Duties of Cufioms, upon Certificates of Over Entry :

Receipts, or Acknowledgements of Payment, indorsed upon any Bills, Orders, Remittance-Buis, or. Remittance-Certificates, drawn by Commiffioned Officers, Mafters, and Surgeons in the Navy, or by any Commiffioner or Com• jnifftonets of the Navy, under the Authority of toe A8pajfedin the 33th Tear of His Mayejly's Reign, for the more expeditious Payment of the Wages and Pay of certain Officers belonging to the Navy :

Receipts, or Acknowledgments of Payment, indorsed upon any Bills, drawn pursuant to any former AS or ASs of Parliament, by the Commifftoners of the Navy, or by the Com-miffioners for viSualling the Navy, or by the Commissioners for managing the Tranfport , Service and taking Care of sick and wounded Seamen, upon and payable by the Treasurer of the Navy,	'

See also the General Exemptions at the End of this Part of the Schedule.

RECOGNIZANCE, Statute Mereliant, and Sta- ' tute Staple, entered into as a Security, for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, Annuity

d.

SCHEDULE, PART I.

RECOGNIZANCE—eon/mu*/.	!’

■or Annuities, or for the Transfer of any Share or Shares in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stock and Funcls of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the Eait-India Company, or of the South-Sea Company;

Where such Payment or Transfer shall not be already secured by a Bond, or Mortgage, or by some other Inftrument hereby charged with ttys fame Duty as a Bond or Mortgage	-

And where such Payment or Transfer fhallbe already secured as above mentioned RECOGNIZANCE, Statute Mereliant, and Statute Staple, entered into as a Security for the Performance of any Covenant, Contract, or ' Agreement; or for the due Execution of any Office or Trust; or for rendering a due Account of Money received or to be received ; or for indemnifying any Perfbn or Perfons against any Matter or Thing	-	-

And where any such Recognizance or Statute as aforesaid, together with any Schedule or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then -for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the tirlt 1080 Words, a further

Duty.

/. d.

C The fame Duty I or Duties ta J	on a Baud

]	fd**en for the

!	like Purpofe

L	vl England.

i o O

1 © ®

progrejfwe Duty of REGISTER, or Entry of the Degree of a Barrifter at Law, taken in either of the Inns of Court in England.—See Admission.

REGISTER or Entry of Degrees taken in the Univerfities of Great Britain.—See Admission. RELEASE upon the Sale of any Property.— See Conveyance.

RELEASE and Renunciation of Lands or other Property, real or perfanal, heritable or moveable, or of any Right, or Intereft therein; any Deed or Inftrument of, net otherwise charged in this Sc he-duley nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2i6oWordB or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained thereiu, over and above the iiril fo8o Words, a further progrtjji've Duty of RENUNCIATION upon the- Sale of any Property.—See Conveyance.. RENUNCIATION of any Right or Intereft in any Property, other wife thau upon a Sale.—See Release.

100

1 10 c

100

6i8

C. 149.

48° GEO. III.

A«D* 1



SCHEDULE, PART I.

Duty.

RESIGNATION; principal or original Inftrument of Refignation or Scrrice or Cognition of Heirs, or Charter, or Seifin, of any Houses, Lands, or other heritable Subje&s, in Scotland9 holding Burgage, or of Burgage Tenure RESIGNATION.—Inftrument of Refignation of any Lands or other heritable Subje&s, in Scotland, not of Burgage Tenure And where any pf the said Inftruments shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first io8:>. Words, a further progrejive Duty of REVOCATION of any Ufe or Trust, Ufes or Trusts,of or concerning any Eftate or Property, real or personal, where made by any Writing, not being a Deed or Will	-	-

And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progressive Duty of If made by Deed.—See Deed. SQHEDULE, Inventory, or Catalogue, of any Lands, Hereditaments, or heritable Subje&s, or of any Furniture, Fixtures, or other Goods or * Etfedts; or containing the Terms and Conditions of any propbfed Sale, Lease, or Tack, or the Conditions and Regulations for the Cultivation or Management of any Farm, Lands, or other Property leafed or agreed to be leased; or containing any other Matter or Matters of Contraft or Stipulation whatsoever 5 whichJhallbe referred to in or by, and be intended to be used or given in Evidence as Part of, or as material to, any Agreement, Lease, Tack, Bond, Deed, or other Inftrument, charged with any Duty in this Schedule, but which /ball be separate and diflinS from, and not indorsed on or annexed to, such Agreement, Lease, Tack, Bond, Deed, or other Inftrument

And if the fame shall contain more than 1 c8o Words, then for every further entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progrfftve Duty of	-

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties.

1	. Printed Propofals% published by any Corporation

or Company, refpeQing Infur antes, and which Jball be referred to, in or by any Policy or In

JC*	dm

0	7 •

07*

070

! KO S

1	o •

I o •

IOO

I

i

SC H EDULE—-continued.

Jlrvment of hftranco, issued by fucb Corporation or Company.

SEISIN.—Inftrument of Seifin, given upon any Charter, Precept of Clare Con flat, or Precept from Chaneery, or upon $my Wadfet, heritable Bond, Difposition, Apprising, Adjudication, or otherwise, of any Lands or heritable Subjedb in Scotlandnot of Burgage Tenure

And where the fame shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further pro-greffive Duty of SPECIFICATION, to be inrolled or recorded, of any Difcovery or Invention^ for which a Patent shall be obtained '

And where the fame shall contain 2160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1080 Words contained therein, over and above the first ic8j Words, a further pro-greffive Duty of	-

SURRENDER upon the Sale of Lands or other Property.—See Conveyance. * SURRENDER (1not otherwise charged in this Scbe> dule, nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty) of any Term or Terms of Years, or of any freehold or uncertain Interect, in any Lands, Hereditaments, or heritable Subjects, not being of copyhold or customary Tenure And where the fame, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall contain 2163 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of ic8o Words con taiued therein, over and above the first 1080 Words, a further progreffrve Duty of SURRENDER of Copyhofd Lands or Ten* ments.—See Copyhold and Mortgage. TACK of Lands, &c. in Scotland, belonging to the Crown.—See Grant.

TACK of Lands, &c. in Scotland, not belonging to the Crown.— See Lease.

TACK in Security—See Mortgage. TESTIMONIAL or Certificate of the Admiflion of any Perfon, to the Degree of a Bachelor of Arts, in either of the Univerlities in England -TESTIMONIAL or Certificate of the Admiflion of any Perfon, to any other Degree, in either of the said Univerfities	-	-	.	-

TRANSFER of any Share in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the South Sea Company, whether upon a Sale or otherwife

£. d.

07®

070

500

I Q O

1 10 o

I O ©

300

10 o o

© 7 9

TRANSFER—continued.

TRANSFER of any Share in the Stock and Funds of the East India Company, whether upon a Sale or otherwife	-	-

TRANSFER of any Share or Shares in the Stock and Funds of any other Corporation, Company, . or Society whatever, upon the Sale thereof, or by way jof Mortgage or Security.—;See Conveyance.—Mortgage.

TRANSFER of any Share or Shaves in the Stock and Funds of any other Corporation, Company, or Society wliatever, not otherwise charged under the Head of Mortgage9 or of Conveyance upon the Sale of any Property	-	-

TRANSFER upon the Sale of any other Property.—See Conveyance.

TRANSFER of Mortgage, Wadfet, or other Security.—See Mortgage.

WADSET—See Mortgage.

WARRANT or ORDER beneficial, under the Sign Manual of His Majesty, His Heirs or Succefiors, except where the fame shall be for the Service of the Navy, Armyy or Ordnance And where the fame shall be for the Service of the Navy, Army, or Ordnance And where several Perfons shall be separately and distinctly (and not jointly) benefited by one Warrant, the proper Duty shall be charged in rcf]j>e& of each such Perfon.

£. /.

x 10

1 10

1 10 O 12

d.

o



6

GENERAL EXEMPTIONS FROM ALL STAMP DUTIES.

All Bonds, Contracts, Mortgages, Conveyances, Deeds and Inflruments, whatever, exempted from Stamp Duty, by the Ad of the 17 th Tear of His Maj fly's Reign, c. 5 3. or any other A8 or Ads of Parliament now in force• for promoting the Rtfuknce of the Parochial Clergy, by making p*ovijion far building, repairing, or purchqfmg Hoafes and other Buildings, for v the Ufe of their Benefices.

All Affidavits, Cent rads, Mortgages, Conveyances, Deeds and Jn/lruments whatever, exemptedfrom Stamp Duty, by the Ad of the Tear of His Mayfly's Reign, c. 116. or any ether Ad or Ads of Parliament now in force, relating to the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax.

All Transfers of Shares in the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds.

All Grants, Leases, and other Conveyances and Inflruments, exempted from Stamp Duty by an Ad of the present Srfjton to improve the Land Revenue of the Crown,

1 .«A*D*i8o8«	48°	GEO.	III.	.	C4L49.

7	SCHEDULE;—PART THE SECOND.

^	Containing	the	Duties	on	LAW	PROCEEDINGS.

Which Duties are to be paid and payable for and in respect of every Skin, Sheet, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which the several Inftruments, Matters, and Things,

' herein charged, shall be refpeflively written or printed; except where the Duties are imposed according to the Number of Words therein contained, or are expressly charged in any other Manner.

And all the Inftruments, Matters, and Tilings, herein charged with a Duty, in respect of every Skin, Sheet, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which the fame shall be written or printed, shall respectively be written or printed, upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, and in such and the _ fame Manner and Form, as the like Inftruments, Matters, or Things, have been heretofore accustomed to be, or are now usually written or printed.

And where a Court of Law or Equity is mentioned generally, the fame shall be taken to mean, not only the Courts at Westminster, but also the several Courts of Law or Equity of the Great Seflions in Wales, artd in the Counties Palatine of defier, Lancaster, and Durham, or elsewhere in England.

I. PROCEEDINGS in the High Court of Admiralty; and in the Courts of the Cinque Ports, exercising Admiralty Jurif-diction; the High Court of Appeals in Prize Causes; and the High Court of Delegates, in Admiralty Matters, in England*

AFFIDAVIT to be filed, read, or used in any of the said Courts	...

ALLEGATION in any of the said Courts ANSWER in any of the said Courts APPEAL from any definitive Sentence or final Decree, or frdm any interlocutory Decree or Qrder of any of the said Courts ■	-

ATTACHMENT ifiuing out of any of the said Courts	-

BAIL BOND, or Recognizance, taken in any of the said Courts, or by Commiffion from the iAme CITATION ifiuing out of any of the {aid Courts -COMMISSION ifiuing out of any of the said Courts COPY (i. r. Office Copy) of any Affidavit filed, read, or used, in any of the said Courts COPY (i. e. Office Copy) of any Citation, Monition, or Warrant issued out of any of thefaidACourtt

2

Duty.

	j.	d.
O	5	0
0	S	0
O	5	0.
*5	0	0
I	IQ	4o
I	O	0
I	O	0.
O	5	0
O	5	Q
Q	.i	O

SCHEDULE, PART II.

Duty.

COPY—continued.

COPY ft. e. Office Copy) of any Libel, Allegation, Anlwer, Interrogatories, Depofitiorfs, or Inventory, filed or exhibited in any of the laid Courts COPY (t. c. Office Copy ) of any interlocutory De-' cree or Order, or of any definitive Sentence or final Decree, made in any of the laid Courts DECREE, or Order interlocutory, made in any of the said Courts	-

DEPOSITIONS taken in any of the said Courts, or by Commiflion from the fame EXEMPLIFICATION, under the Seal of any of the said Courts, of any Record or Proceeding therein	-	-	-

INHIBITION issuing out of any of the said Courts INTERROGATORIES filed or exhibited in any ^ of the said Courts	-

INVENTORY filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts	-	-

LIBEL filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts MONITION ifluingout of any of the said Courts -RECOGNIZANCE.—See Bail Bond. RELAXATION of any Attachment or Inhibition issued ont of any of the said Courts SENTENCE definitive, or final Decree, of any of the (aid Courts	-	-

WARRANT issuing out of any of the said Courts -WA R RANT, Mandate, or Authority, given to any Proftor, to commence, carry on, or defend any A6tion, Suit, or Profecution, in any of the said Courts; for the Memorandum or Minute thereof to be entered or filed of Record

£.

o

o

X

0

3

1

o

o

0

X

I I

1

o

o

X.

5

5

o

5

o

o

5

S

5

o

xo

16

15

S

d.

6

O

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

6

II. PROCEEDINGS in the Ecclefiaftical Courts, and in the High Court of Dele* gates, in Ecclefiaftical Matters, in England* AFFIDAVIT to be filed, read, or used in any of the said Courts	...

ALLEGATION in any of the said Courts ANSWER in any of the said Courts APPEAL from any definitive Sentence or final Decree, or from any interlocutory Decree or Order, of the Court of Arches, or the Prerogative Court of Canterbury or York CITATION issuing out of any of the said Courts -COMMISSION issuing out of any of the said Courts COPY (i. r. Office Copy) of any Affidavit filed, * read, or used in any of the said Courts •	-

COPY (i.*. Office Copy) of any Citation or Moni-h lion iflued'out of any of the laid Courts -	-

o y <y 050 050

15 o o 050 050

050

I

050

Duty.

COPY—continued.

COPY (i. e. Office Copy) of any Libel, Allegation, Anfwer, Interrogatories, Depositions, or Inventory, filed or exhibited in any of the laid Courts COPY (i. e. Office Copy) of any interlocutory Decree or Order, or of any definitive Sentence or final Decree, of any of the said Courts - „ -DECREE final, or definitive Sentence, in any of the said Courts	-	-

DEPOSITIONS taken in any of the laid Courts, or by Commiffion from the fanje	-	.

EXEMPLIFICATION under the Seal of any of the fcid Courts, of any Record or Proceeding therein	-	-

INHIBITION ifTuing out of any of the said Courts INTERROGATORIES filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts	-

INVENTORY filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts	-

LIBEL filed or exhibited in any of the said Courts • MONITION iffiiing out of any of the said Court9 -SENTENCE definitive, or final Decree, of any of the said Courts WARRANT, Mandate or Authority, given to any Pro&or, to commence, cany on, or defend any Suit or Profecution, in any of the said Courts, for the Memorandum or Minute thereof to be entered or filed of Record -	-

£. j.

° 5

o 5 o 5 o S

$ o

° 5

° 5

o S

°. *

o 5

° 5

° 5

d.

o

o

o . o

o

o

o

o o ( o

Q

9

III. PROCEEDINGS in the Courts of Law and Equity at Wejlmtnfier^ including the Court of the Duchy of Lancajlery and in other Courts in England, and the Offices belonging thereto, and also before the Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper, or Commiffiopers for the Cuftody of the Great Seal, in Matters of Bankruptcy and Lunacy.

ACTIONS in the Courts of the Lord Mayor and Sheriffs of London, and in the Courts of all Corporations, and other Courts whatsoever in England holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage amounts to Forty Shillings or above, and out of which no Writs, Process, or Mandates issue, in the first In fiance $—for the Entry of every A£tion or Plaint, except where the Debt or * Damage claimed or demanded shall not amount to Forty Shillings	-

AFFIDAVIT, to be filed, read, or used, in any of the Courts of Law or Equity at IVeJlmmJfer, I

6 2 6 *

AF FI DA VIT—continued.

or of the Great Seflions in Wales, or of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham ; or before any Judge or Matter, or other Officer of any of the said Courts ; or before the Lord High Chancellor, or* the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal, fitting in Matters of Bankruptcy or Lunacy AFFIDAVIT, to be filed, read, or used, in any other Court of Law or Equity, in England, except in A&ions or Suits, where the Debt or Damage, or Thing claimed or demanded, shall be under the Amount or Value of Forty Shillings ANSWER in any Court of Equity APPEARANCE filed or entered in any AdHon at Law, wherein no Bail shall be filed or put in ASSIGNMENT of a Bail Bond BAIL Common, to be filed in any Court of Law -BAIL Special, to be filed in iny Court of Law BAIL BOND in any Adlion, in any Court of Law BANKRUPT’S Certificate ;—the Confirmation thereof, by the Lord Chancellor, or by the Lord Keeper, or Commissioners for the Cuttody of the Great Seal	-	-

BILL filed in any Court of Equity CERTIFICATE bv 'any Matter of the High Court of Chaneery, or by His Majetty’s Remembrancer of die Court of Exchequer, or hi9 Deputy, of any Default of any Pcrfon, in any Suit, or Proceeding before them COMMISSION to take Affidavits, or Special Bail, out of any Cofirt of Law or Equity COMMISSION of Bankrupt COMMISSION of Lunacy

COMMISSION out* of any Court of Law or Equity, for the Examination of Witnestes, or taking Depoiitions	-

COMMISSION of any other Kind, out of any Court of Law or Equity	-	-	-

COPY (i.'r. Office Copy) of any Affidavit, filed, read, or used, in any of the Courts of Law or Equity at Westminster, or of the Great Scffions in Wales, or of the said Counties Palatine; or before any Judge or Mailer, or other Officer of any of the said Courts; or before the Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper, or Com-miflioners of .the Great Seal, fitting in Matters of Bankruptcy or Lunacy	-	-

COPY (ue. Office Copy) of any Affidavit, filed, read, or used, in any other Court of Law or Equity, except in A&ions or Suits, where the

COPY—continued.

Debt or Danube, or Thing claimed and demanded shall be under the Amo ant or Value of Forty Shillings	-

COPY (i. e. Office Copy) of any Bill, Anfwer, Demurrer, Exceptions, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, or other Pleacting, or of any Interrogatories, or Depolitions, taken by Commiffion or otherwise, in any Court cf Equity;

Where any such Copy shall be written wide, according to the Ufage and Praftice of the Court, and not contain more than 90 Words in a Sheet, one with another, then for every Sheet or Piece of Paper on which the fame shall be written And whore any ftfch Copy shall be written close Copy-wife, according to the Ufage and Practice of the Court, or in any other Manner than above-mentioned, then for every Sheet or Piece of Paper on which the fame shall be written COPY of any Declaration, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer, or other Pleading whatfo-ever, in any Court of Law COPY (i. e. Office Copy) of Interrogatories and the Depolitions or Anfwers thereto, in any Court of Law, containing not more than 72 Words in a Sheet, one Sheet with another COPY (i.e. Office Copy) of any Rule or Order, mack or given in or by any Court of Law at Wejhntnjler, or by any Judge of any such Court COPY (i. Office Copy) of any Decree, Di! miilion, or Order, made in or by the High Court of Chancery at Wcjlminjler, or by the Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal, fitting in Matters of Bankruptcy or Lunacy	-	-

And for every Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any such Copy shall be written, after the first, a further frogreflivc Duty of COPY It. Cm Office Copy) of any Decree, Difmission, or Order, made in or by the Court of Exchequer, or the Court of the Duchy of Lancaster, at Wejl-minjler 5 or in or by any of the Courts of the Great Seilions in Walts,, or of the laid Counties • Palatine	-

COPY (I. cm Office Copy) or Extrad of any Record, Report, or Proceeding whatsoever, in any Court of Law or Equity at Westminster, not otherwise charged in this Schedule DECLARATION in any Court of Law *	-

Duty..

A 9m d.

. o i K

004

o 2 4

t

004

004

O 1	4

o s

o i 6

o a 6

0*0

o p 4

Geo. III.	S	f

DECREE or Difmiffion made in or by the High Court of Chancery at Weftmtnftc* . -

And for every Sheet or riece of Paper, on which the fame {hall be written, after the first, a further progrejftve Duty of DECREE or Difmission, made in or by the Court of Exchequer, or the Court of the Duchy of Lancaster, at fPeftminfter9 or in or by any of the Courts of the Great Seffions in lVales9 or of the said Counties Palatine, or in or by any other Court of Equity whatsoever DEMURRER in any Court of Law DEMURRER in any Court of Equity DEPOSITIONS taken by virtue of a Commiffion out of any Court of Equity (except the Paper

*	Drafts thereof before the fame. are engroffed) DEPOSITIONS in any Court of Equity, taken

by the Examiner, or other proper Officer, and

* not vby Commiflion	... DEPOSITIONS or Anfwert to any Interrogatories

in any Court of Law	...

EXCEPTIONS filed in any Court of Equity, or in anjAMatter of Bankruptcy or Lunacy EXEMPLIFICATION, under the Seal of any Court. of Law or Equity whatever, of any Record or Proceeding therein (except Exemplifications under the Great Seal charged in the First Part of this Schedule)	-	-

* GRANT of the Cuftody of the Perfon Dr Ettate of any Lunatick INDENTURES or Chirograph of a Fine levied in any Court, for-each Part or Indenture INQUISITION taken by or before any Sheriff or his Deputy, or by or before any Coroner, in ? any A&ion at Law	-

INTERROGATORIES in any Court of Law INTERROGATORIES in any Court of Equity.

.or in any Matter of Bankruptcy or Lunacy JUDGMENT (not interlocutory) signed by the Matter of any Office, or his Deputy or Secondary, or by any Prothouotary, or his Se condary, Deputy, or Clerk, or • by any other Officer belonging to any of the Courts at Weft-jpiidlcr9 who is or shall be authorized to sign Judgments	.

ORDER made in or by the High Court of Chancery at Westminster; or by the Lord High Chancellor,

*	sor the Lord Keeper or Commiilioners of the *1 Great Seal, fitting in Matters of Bankruptcy or

X-unacy‘

£• Mm	dm

0	3	0

0x6

026

004

050

050

004

004

050

300 200 o 10 o

o 10 o 050

050

o 10 o

030

O RD E R—continued.

And for every Sheet or Piece of Paper on which the lame shall be written, after the first,, a further frogrefftvc Duty of ORDER made or given in or by the Court of Exchequer, or the Court of the Duchy of Lan-cajler, at IVeJlminfler, or in or by any of the Courts of the Great Sefiiona in Wales, or of the said Counties Palatine ORDER made or given by any Judge of any of the Courts of Law at Wejlminfler

Except such as Jball be made on the Application 0/ any Prifoner or Infolvent Debtor $ and except all Orders for the Delivery of the Particulars of a Plaintiff's Demand, or for flaying Proceedings on Payment of Debt and Cofts; and all Orders for Time to pleads reply, or rejoin, after the jirjl Order for that Purpofe.

PETITION in any Suit or Matter in any of the Courts of Equity at IVeJlminfler ; and Petition to the Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper of Commissioners of the Great Seal, in any Matter of Bankruptcy or Lunacy PLEA in any Court of Law -	•

PLEA in any Court of Equity PLEADING of any Kind, in any Court of Law not otherwise charged in this Schedule * PLEADING of any Kind, in any Court of Equity not other wife charged in this Schedule

POSTEA '	'	-

RECORD of Nifi Prius REJOINDER in any Court of Law REJOINDER in any Court of Equity REPLICATION in any Court pf Law REPLICATION in any Court of Equity REPORT made by any Matter of the High Court of Chaneery, or by His Majefty’s Remembrancer .in the Court of Exchequer, or his Deputy RULE or Order, made or given in or by any of the Courts of Law at Wejlminfler, which shall be issued or delivered out, by the Clerk of the Rules, or other Officer, to the Party obtaining it And for the Entry of every such Rule or Order, in the Book kept by the Clerk of .	the	Rul£s,	or other Officer for that Pur-

pole, whether written on one or more Sheets ^	or	Leaves	-

RULES to plead and reply, and all other Rules, of any of the said Courts of Law at Wejlminfler, Sf 2

A /• d% 016

*

026

026

026

004

050

o 04

0 5

o 16

o 10 o o O 5 o o 0 5

Q,

o

o

4

o

‘i

0 2 6

2 6

0 2 6

I

SCHEDULE, PART II.

Duty.

RULESw^fon/iflMff/.

not issued as above mentioned,1 but which shall be entered in the Books kept by the Clerk of the Rules, or other Officer for that Purpose; for {he Ejntry of every such Rule ' SUMMONS issued by any Judge of any of the Courts of Law at Wefiminfier	•



o

o

/•

2

1

<L

6

o

1

• Except such as /ball he issued on the Application of any Prifoner or insolvent Debtor ; and except allx Summonfes for the Delivery of the Particulars of a Plaintiffs Demand, or for saying Proceedings oh Payment cf Debt and Cofit; and all Summonfes for Time to plead, reply, or rejoin, after the firfi Summons for that Purpofe.

WARRANT, Mandate, or Authority, given to any Attorney or Solicitor, to commence, carry on, or defend any A&ion, Suit, or Profecution, - in any of the Courts at Westminster, or of the Great Seffions in Wales, or of the laid Counties Palatine, or in any other Court whatsoever, holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage - amounts to Forty Shillings; for the Memorandum or Minute thereof to be entered or died of Record	-	-

WARRANT or Summons, ifTued by any Mailer of the High Court of Chaneery, or by His Ma-jefty's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, or his Deputy WARRANT of Attorney WRIT of Appeal WRIT of Certiorari -.WRIT of Coveifent for levying a Fine '

WRIT of Eittry for suffering a Common Recovery -WRIT of Error ‘

WRIT of Supcrfedeas of a Commiflion of Bankrupt WRIT, Mandate, or other Procefs whatsoever, not Othcrauiji charged in this Schedule, which shall (flue out of, or pass the Seal of, any of the Courts at Wefiminfitir, or of the Great Seffions in Wales, or of the said Counties Palatine, or of any other Court in England, holding Pleas whe're the Debt or Damage amounts to Forty Shillings, except in A&ions or Suits where the Debt, Damage, or Thing claimed ot demanded (half be under the Amount or Value of Forty /	,	Shillings	-	*	-

o SO

010

100

100

100

200

200

100

026

o 5	9

IV. PROCEEDINGS in the Courts in

Scotland•

AFFIDAVIT to be filed, read, or used in the Court of Exchequer	-

DEPOSITION taken in the said Court, or by Com million from the fame DEPOSITION or Depositions, taken by Com-miflion or otherwise, in any Caufe or Suit before the Court of Seifion, or the Commifiion of Teinds, or the Commifiary Court at Edinburgh, or in any Civil Caufe before any inferior Court -

£* u dm

oao

0 2 0

V

0 2 0

Exemptions from the preceding and all other Stamp Duties•

Depofitions taken in any Caufe or Suit before any of the said Courts, which /ball be injfified in, at the Infiance of the publick Profecutor, for the publich Interejl, or where the publish Revenue is concerned•

Depofitions taken in any' Caufe or Suit before any inferior Court, where the Sum or Subject concluded for shall be under the Value of 5/. Sterling, exclusive of Cojls.

(SyMMONS, Warrant, Precept, Summary Petition, Complaint, or,other original Application, in whatever Form, issuing from or out of, or pne* fented to, the Court of Seffion, or Commiflioa of Teinds, or the Court of Exchequer, or High Court of Admiralty ; except where the Suit shall be . inflituted, by or at the Infiance of the publish Profecutor, for the publich Jnterefi, or where the pubtich Revenue is concerned SUMMONS, Warrant, Precept, Edi&, Summary Petition, Complaint, or other original Application, in whatever Form, ifTuing from or out of, or presented to, any Court in Scotland (other than the said Courts of Seffion, Commifiion of Teinds, Exchequer, and High Court of Admiralty, and the Court of Jufticiary ), where the ' Matter in Difpute fhajl exceed the Amount or Value of Five Pounds; (except as in the lajl Article)	-	-

WARRANT, Mandate, or Authority given to qny Solicitor, Attorney, Agent, or Procurator, to commence, carry on, or defend any A&ion, Suit, » or Profecutioty in any Court in Scotlands for the Memorandum or Minute thereof to be entered or filed of Record -	•

Sf3

040

o | o

° %

. GENERAL EXEMPTIONS from all Stamp Duties, applicable to England as well as Scotland*

Warrants, Mandates, or Authorities, to commence, carry on, or defend any AHions, Suits, or Prof editions „ in any Court whatever, where the Debt, Damage, or Thing claimed or demanded shall not amount to or be of the Value of Forty Shillings.

Warrants, Mandates, or Authorities, to commence, carry on, or defend any Profecutions or Proceedings upon IndiQments, or upon any Information, Suit♦ Writ, or Process, in the Name of His Majesty, His Heirs ©rv Succeffors, or at the Infance of the Attorney General, Lord Advocate of Scotland, or other Officer legally authorised to prosecute or sue in the Name or for the Interejl of His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeffors.

Rut these Exemptions are not to extend to In< formations in the Nature of Quo Warranto, fled by His Majefy's Coroner and Attorney in the Court of King's Bench ; nor to Informations in Courts of Equity, at the Relation of private Perfons; nor to Informations, where any other Perfon than His Majessy, His Heirs or Succeffors, Jball be entitled to any Penalty or Forfeiture, or any Share thereof

AU Proceedings for or on the Behalf of any Perfon legally admitted to sue or defend m formd pauperis / and all Proceedings of Courts Martial; and all Orders, Decrees, and Pro-&cdings, of or before any Commissioners of Sewers, and of or in the Stannary Courts in England*

AU Summonfes, Attachments, Executions, and other Proceedings, in or iffiiing out of any of the Courts, eflabtijhed for the Recovery c Debts not exceeding Five Pounds> commonly fulled Courts rf Reques,



d.



SCHEDULE ;—PART THE THIRD.

Containing the Duties on PROBATES of Wills and Letters of ADMINISTRATION; on CONFIRMATIONS of’ Teftaments,* testamentary and dative; on INVENTORIES to be exhibited in the Commiflary Courts in Scotland; and on LEGACIES out of real or perfonal) heritable or move* able Eftate ; and on SUCCESSIONS to personal or moveable Eftates upon Inteftacy.

PROBATE of a Will, or Letters of ADMINISTRATION, to be granted in England;

CONFIRMATION of any Teftament testamentary Qr dative, or Eik thereto, to be expected in any CommifTary Court in Scotland, after the ictn day of OSober 1808, where the Deceafed shall have died, before or upon that Day, and Tub-fequent to the 10th Day of 0Sober 1804;

INVENTORY to be exhibited and recorded, in any CommifTaiy Court in Scotland, of the Eftate and Effe6ts of any Perfon deceased, who shall have died after the 10th Day of OSober 1808 ;

Where' the Eftate and Effe&s, for or in re-fpeft of which, such Probate, Letters of Administration, Confirmation, or Eik, re-fpedively, shall be granted or expected, or whereof such Inventory shall be exhibited find recorded, exclujive of yrhat the Deceafed shall have been fojfejfed of or intitled to$ at <z Trujlee for any other rerfon or Perfont% and not beneficially y shall be

above the Value of 20I. and under the Value of ioolt of the Value of tool, and under the Value of 200I.

of the Value of 200I. and under the Value of 30CI.

of the Value of 300I. and under the Value of 450I.	-	-

of the Value of 450I. and under the Value of 600I.	-	-

of the Value of 6ool. and under the Value of 8ool.

of the Value of 8ocl. and under the Value of i,oool.	-

of the Value of i,oool. and under the Value of 1,500b of the Value of l,5ocl. and under the Value of 2,oooL of the Value of 2,oool. and under the Value of 3,5001.	*

Sf 4

Duty.

£• r. </.

0	10	Q
2	0	0
s	0	0
8	0	O
11	0	O
15	0	O
22	0	O
30	0	O
V>	0	O
SO	0	O

INVENTORY—coninued.'

of the Value of 3,500!. and under the Value of 5,00cL of the Value of 5,oool. and under the Value of 7,500!. of the Valu* of 7,50c!. and under the Value of io,oool, of the Value of io,oool. and under the Value of 12,cool, of the Value of 12,5001. and under the Value of 15,0001. of the Value of ic,oool. and under the Value of 17,500!. of the Value of 17,5001. and under the Value of 20,0001. of the Value of 20,00c 1. and under the Value of 25,0001. of the Value of 25,000!. and under the Value of 30,000!. of the Value of 30,0001. and under the Value of 35,0001. of the Value of 35,0001. and under the Value of 40,000!. of the Value of 40,000!. and under the Value o{ 45,oool. of the Value of 45,0001. and under the Value of 50,0001. of the Value of 50,0001. and under the Value of 6o,oooL " of the Value of 6o,oool. and under the Value of 70,000!. of the Value of 70,0001. and under the • Value of 80,000!.	'	-

of .the Value of 8o,oooU and under the Value of 90,000!. of the Value of 90,0001. and under the Value of ioo,oool. of the Value of ioo;ocol. and under the Value of 125,000!.

%	of	the	Value	of	125,000!. and under the

Value of 150,0001. of the Value of 150,0001, and under the Value of 175,000!. of the Value of 175,000!, and under the Value of aoo,oool. of the Value of 2oo,oool. and under the Value'of 250,000!.

* of the Value of 250,0001. and under the Value of 300,0001. of the Value of 300,0001. and under the Value of 350,000!.

£. x	. d.  i
60	0 0
75	0 0
90	0 0
ZIO	0 0
T3S	0 0
160	0 0
.85	0 0
2io	0 0
260	0 0
310	0 0
360	0 0
410	0 0
460	0 0
55°	0 0
650	0 0
750	0 0
850	0 0
950	0 0
1,200	0 0
1,400	0
1,600	0 0
2,000	0 0
	0 0
3,000	0 0
	O Q

SCHEDULE, PART III.

_____________________

INVENTORY—continued*

of the Value of 350,000!, and under the Value of 4oo,oocL of the Value of 400,000!. and under the Value of 5oo,oocl. of the Value of 500,cool, or upwards -

Duty. £. j.

4.000	o

5.000	o

6.000	o

4.

o

o

0

Exemptions,

Letters of Administration, Probate of JVill, Con-frmotion of Teftamcnt and Eih thereto, and Inventory of the Effeffs, of any common Seaman, Marine, or Soldier, who shall be fain or die in the Service of His Majejly% His Heirs or Succejfors.

LEGACIES, and SUCCESSIONS to Perfonal or Moveable Eftate upon Inteftacy.

I* Where the Tejlator, Teftatrix, or Inteftate died before or upon the $th Day of April 1805.

For every Legacy, fpecJHc or pecuniary, or of any other Description, of the Amount or Value of 20L or upwards, .given by any Will or Teftamentary Jnftrument, of any Perfon, who died before or upon the 5th Day of April ; 1805, out of his or h?r Perfonal or Moveable Estate, and which ihall be paid, delivered, retained, fatlsfied, or discharged, after the 10th Day of OQober 1808 :

Alfo for the dear Refidue (when devolving to one Perfon) and for every Share of the clear Refidue (when devolving to Two or more Perfons) of the Perfonal or Moveable Eftate of any Perfon who died before or upon the cth Day of April i8cj (after dedu&ing Debts, Funeral Expences, Legacies, and Other Charges first payable thereout) whether the Title to such Refidue, or any Share thereof, shall accrue by virtue of any Teftamentary Difposition, or upon a partial or total ' Inteftacy 5 where such Refidue, or Share of Refidue, fhafl be of the Amount or Value of 2ol. or upwards, and where the fame shall be paid, delivered, retained* fttisfied, or discharged, after the 10th Day of O&ober 1808 : Where any such Legacy, or Refidue, or Share of such Refidue, shall have been given, or have 'devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sifter of the Deceased, or any Defendant of a Brother or Sifter of the Deceased; a Duty at aufi after the Rate of Two Pounds and

1 .	*	*	*

^34	C.I49'

48* GEO. m.	A.D.180S.

*

SCHEDULE, PART III. LEGACIES and SUCCESSIONS—continvJ.

Duty.

£. x.

*

Ten Shillings per Centum, on the Amount or Value ^hereof	\	.

Where any such Legacy, or Refidue, or Share of such Refidue, ihsdl have been given, or hate devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sifter of the Father or Mother of the Dc-ceafedy or any Defendant of a Brother or Sifter of the Father or Mother of the Deceafcd y a Duty at and after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum on the Amount or Value thereof Where any such Legacy, or Refidue, or Share of such Refidue, shall have been given, or have devolved to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sifter of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the■ iJeceafedy or any Defendant of a Brother or Sifter of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceased; a Duty at and after the Rate of Five Pounds tor Centum on the Amount or Value thereof And where any such Legacy, or Refidue, or Share of such Refidue, (hail have been given* or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of any Perfon, in any other Degree of collateral Con-fanguinity to the Deceafcd than is above de* feribed, or to or for the Benefit of any Stranger in blood to the Deceased; a Duty .at and after the Rate of Eight Pounds per Centum on the Amount or,Value thereof

per Cent • 2 10 O

\

per Cent%

4 o a

per Cents

5 o a

per Cent. 80a

11. Where the TeJlatort Teftatrix, or Intejlate fall have died afer the $th Day of April 1805.

For every Legacy, specific or pecuniary, or of any other Description, of the Amount or .Value of 20I. or upwards, given by any Will or Teftamentary In llrument, of any Perfon, who shall have died after the 5th Day of April 1805, either out of his or her Perfonal or Moveable Estate, or out of or charged upon his or her Real or Heritable Ellate, or out of . any Monies to arise by the Sale, Mortgage, or other Difpoiition of his or her Real or Heritable Estate, or any Part thereof, and which shall be paid, delivered, retained, fatis-fied, or discharged after the 10th Day of 0 Sober 1808;

Alfo, for the clear Refidue (when devolving to one Perfon) and for every Share of the dear Refidue (when devolving to Two or more Perfons) of the Perfonal of Movable Estate,

LEGACIES and SUCCESSIONS—toii/iW^

of any' Perfon, who shall have died after the cth Day of April 1805 (after dedu&ing Debts, Funeral Expences, Legacies and other Charges first payable thereout), whether the Title to such Refidue, or any Share thereof, shall accrue by virtue of any tedamentary Dif-position, or upon a partial or total Inteftacy ; where such Refidue, or Share of.Refidue, shall be of the Amount or Value of 20I. or upwards, and where the fame shall be paid, delivered, retained, satisfied, or discharged after the 10th Day of 0Sober 1808 :

And also for the clear Refidue (when given to one Perfon) and for every Share of the clear Refidue (when given to Two or more Perfons) of the Monies to arife' from the Sale, Mortgage, or other Difposition, of any Real or Heritable Eft ate, directed to be fold, mortgaged, or otherwise disposed of, by any Will or Te{lamentary Inftrument, of any Perfon, who shall have died after the 5th Day of Apnl 1805 (after dedu&ing Debts, Funeral Expences, Legacies, and other Charges first made payable thereout, if any) where such Refidue, or Share of Refidue, shall amount to ?ol. or upwards, and where the fame shall be paid, retained, or discharged after the 10th Day of 0Sober 1808 :

Where any such Legacy or Refidue, or any Share of such Refidue, mall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Child of the Deceafcdy or any Defcendant of a Child of the Deceased; a Duty at and after the Rate of One Pound per Centum on the Amount or Value thereof ’	-	-

Where any such Legacy, or Refidue, or any Share of such Refidue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of a • Brother or Sifter of the Deceafedy or any Defcendant of a Brother or Sifter of the Deceased; a Duty at and after the Rate of Two Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum on the Amount or Value thereof Where any such Legacy * or Refidue, or any Share of such Refidue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sifter of the Father or Mother of the Deceafedy or any Defcendant of a Brother or Sifter of the Father or Mother of the Df-ceased; a Duty at and after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum on the Amount or Value (hereof

£.

per Cent* too

per Cent* 2 10 o

per Cent. 400

C. 149,150.

48* GEO. Ill,

AJ3.1808;

6&

SCHEDULE, PART III.

LEGACIES and SUCCESSIONS-rwrf/W. Where any such Legacy Or Refidue, or any Share or such Refidue, shall have been given, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sifter of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceased, or any Defcendant of 4 Brother or Sifter of a Grandfather or Grand-*	mother	of the Deceased; a Duty at and after

the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum on the Amount or Value thereof And where any such Legacy or Reiidue, or any Share of such Refidue, (nail have been giveti, or have devolved, to or for the Benefit of any' Perfon, in any other Degree of collateral Con-fanguinity to the Deceafed9 than as above de-' fenbed, or to or for the Benefit of any Stranger in blood to the Deceased; a Duty at and after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum on the Amount or Value thereof And all Gifts of Annuities, or by way of Annuity, or of any other partial Benefit qr Interect, out of any such Eitatc or Effefts as aforesaid, shall be deemed Legacies within the Intent ahd Moaning of this Schedule

Duty.

a, drn

P*r Gentm 5 0 0

Per Cent, IO Q Q

Exemptions,

fegactei, and Refiducs, or Shares of Refidut, of any such Eftate or EffeOs as aforefaid\ given or devolving to or for the Benefit of the flvjband or Wife of the Deceased, or to or for the Benefit of any of the Royal Family,

And ail Legacies, which were exempted from Duty, by the AS faffed in the 39th Year of His ma jcftf* Reign, f. 73. for exempting certain fpecifc Legacies * givsn to Bodies Corporate or other fuftici Bodies, from the Payment of Duty.

CAP. CL.

fSW rftdp.ll). mrthis Srjum Jar England^

$

An A& for enabling His Majesty to establish a permanent Local Militia Force in Scotland, under certain Reftri&i ons, for the Defence of the Realm.	[4th July 1808 ]

H A permanent Local Militia shall be ballotted and enrolled in “ Scotland. § 1. Not to exceed, including Volunteers, Six Times u the original Quota of Militia under 42 G. 3. r. 91.—§2. Defi-“ ciencies in effective Volunteers shall be supplied by additional Local “ Militia Men. § 3. On receiving Order to ballot Men, Lord Lieu-“ tenant, &c. shall appoint General and Subdivifion Meetings. § 4. u His Majesty may order Counties to be divided wherein more than “ One Regiment is .to be riiifed. § C. Powers of Militia Ads to ex-<* tend to this Aft. Two Deputy Lieutenants, qr One and a Juftice,

6	€4	may

A«D« x8o6*

*37

48° GKO, III.	C.	156.

** may aft. 6. Ballot shall be out of Perfon* between 18 and $0 44 Years of Age, returned in Militia Lids. § 7. Penalty on Pcrfont "< negleftingto appeal, 5/. to 2ar. &c. $ 8. Conftables shall be above ** 30 Years old. § 9. Exemption for Perfons unable to serve from 44 Illnefs or bodily Infirmity. $10. Exemption for Miniders, Medical M Men,' &c. $ 1 r. [The Words of Exemption for Mmifiett, are%

44 Licenced Preacher or Teacher of any Congregation, 8cc. See 44 48 Cr. 3* r. iii. § 12.]—Period of Exemption for Perfons having M served in Militia, dec. $ 12. Certain Perfons exempted from ferv-“ ing in the Militia, liable to serve in the Local Militia. § 13. Ap-44 prentices ballotted shall not enlid in the Army, &c. without Mader^s “ Confent. Service under this Aft shall not affect Contrafts of Ser-44 vice. § 14. Oath of Perfons ballotted. §15. Fine on .Perfons ^ ballotted not appearing to be enrolled. § 16. Perfons imprisoned 44 for Non-payment of Fines shall serve when released. § 17. De-44 claratiorf or Certificate of Perfons claiming Exemption upon ** Payment of so/, or 10/., § 18. Perfons engaging to serve in any 44 Volunteer Corps at their own Expence, shall have Half of their Fines 44 remitted. § 19. Days of Attendance of Volunteers shall be specified 41 in Certificates. $ 20.”

XXI.	4 And whereas Doubts have been entertained with regard to No Volunteer er 4 the Meaning of certain Claufcs in the A6U relating to the Volunteers Veonwn «*»

4 and Militia of Scotland ;* be it therefore enacted and declared, That no Volunteer or Yeoman shall, from and after the palling of this Aft SaorLncai mT be entitled to Exemption from serving in the Militia of Scotland9 or Utin, unleft rain the Local Militia to be raised under this Aft, unless such Volunteer cludedtn Return or Yeoman shall have been included in the Return made pursuant to an 44 G- «• Aft relating to Yeomanry and Volunteers, passed in the Forty-fourth c*k4m Year of the Reign of His present Majedy in April9 Augu/l9 or December refpeftivelyy next preceding the Ballot at which such Volunteer or Yeoman shall have been ballotted to serve in the Militia of Scotland»	/

or in the faid-Local Militia.	*	*

XXII.	And be it enacted. That the Commanding Officer of every Dates of fab

Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers shall, in the Certificate granted Renin* fall U by him, specify the Date of such Return preceding the Ballot.	fpecifiwf.

44 Declaration of Perfons claiming Exemption upon Payment of Fines,

44 &c. that they have not insured. .§ 23. Exemption for Quakers, &c.

44 who shall pay a Proportion of Fines. § 24. Where Volunteers shall 44 enrol themselves Ballot shall not take place. § 25. Benefits of 44 Friendly Societies not forfeited by Service under this .Aft. § 26.

44 Bounty of Two Guineas, to Perfons voluntarily enrolling. $ 27.

44 Subdivilion Clerks may* be ordered to pay Bounties, and shall 41 transmit Account thereof to Secretary at War, § 28. Or on 44 Certificate of Deputy Lieutenant may draw on Payihafter Gene-• 44 ral. § 29. Deduftion of Bounty from Men eniiding into the Army,

M &c. § 30. Volunteers may transfer themfelven, with the Approba.

44 tion of His Majedy, to Local Militia. $31. Volunteer Yeomanry 44 or Artillery may transfer theniselyes, to Local Militia. § 32. De-44 claration of Volunteers, &c. so transferring themselyes, that they 44 have not had anymore than the allowed Bounty, §33. Allow.

44 ances on Men afiembling for Exercife, &c. § 34. .Local Militia 44 entitled to the fame Exemptions as Volunteers,' 8cc. § 35. “ No *f Perfon ballotted shall be allowed to find a Subditute#-or be entitled

" to



<3!	C.150.	48° GEO. Ilf.

u to Bounty* § %6» Penalty for insuring against Fines, &c. § 37*

1	“ How Local Militia shall be formed and officered. i 38. Rank in

“ Local Militia of Officers who have served in Regular Militia,

,	u &c. $ 39. Rank of Officers of Volunteer Corps transferred to

u Local Militia. § 40* His Majesty may put Local Militia under the ** Command of General Officers. § 41. And may order it to be •* called out' yearly to be trained, for 28 Days. § 42. Men may “ remove from one to another County Militia, upon Notice. § 43. * u In cafe of Invafion, &c, His Majesty may order the Local Militia u to be embodied and marched to any Part of Great Britain. $ 44.

* Lord Lieutenant, See. may call out the Local Militia for the Sup*

“ pression of Riots, See. § 45. Local Militia assembled in Time of “ War, subject to the Mutiny Ad. § 46. Local Militia entitled to u the fame Pay, &c. as the Regular Militia. §47. Wives and “ Families of Local Militia Men entitled to the fame Relief as those 4i of Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps under 44 G. 3. c. 54. -§ 48. u Local Militia Men may tenlift in Army, Navy, See. §49. No “ Sufpenfion in Ballot for Vacancies in Local Militia. § 50. Counties,

“ See. subject to a Fine of 15/. for each Man deficient. $ 51. Return M of Part of Fines for Men enrolled within certain Periods. § 52.”

GorauiAants LIII. And be it further enacted, That every Commandant of any ofLocalMiiiu* such Local Militia shall, within Fourteen Days after the Fourteenth tmfmittoLieu- ^aY February in every Year, transmit to the Lieutenant or De-tenam,&r.*Cer- Puty Lieutenant of the County or Stewartry within which such tificate of Dt- Local Militia shall have been railed, a Certificate of the Deficiencies ficreocWs, to be or Vacancies in such Local Militia; and such Lieutenant or Deputy co tho Lieutenants shall within Ten Days after the Receipt of such Certifi-**	cate, and within Ten Days after any Fine shall have, been incurred as

aforesaid, transmit to the Clerk of Supply of such County or Stewartry, a Certificate of the Deficiencies or Vacancies in such Local Militia, and of the Fines respectively incurred by any County or Stewartry as afon/aid.

CommKnonerB LI V. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Supply of Supply (hall	of every such County or Stewartry shall, on or before the First Day of

make *n Affeif-	ajter	t|ie	Receipt	of such Certificate, make an AfTeflinent upon

oTfIbw forDc^ each Parifh or Place from which any such Deficiency or Vacancy ficiences.	ought to have been supplied, for the Amount of each Fine incurred

feir each Man which ought to have been supplied by such Parifh or Place, in the Manner in which such Commissioners of Supply are directed to make Afleffinents for the Relief of Families of Militia Men, by an Ad palled in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His prefect Majesty.

Where Afielf- LV. And be it enacted, That in every Cafe where any fpeh mem (ball not be Aflefiraent shall not be made by fucli Commissioners of Supply^ then So^i (ball m-	Supply	of such Couuty or Stewartry shall and he is

tifyfemc to the hereby required, within Fourteen Days after the Meeting at which King’s Attorney such Affi-uinent ought to have been made, to certify the lame to His in Exchequer in Majefty’* Attorney' in Exchequer in Scotland, and the Names of such Scotland, who	Commiffioners as shall have beer, prelent at such Meeting by whom

Afferent	^ucn AffeffnUT.t ought to have been made; and His Majeft y’s Attorney

in Exchequer is hereby required, on the Receipt of such Certificate, fortjiw ith to proceed by all such legal Means as shall be isoft effectual and expeditious, to compel luch Commissioners to pay due Obedience

*7	to

A.D.i8o8.	"	48°	GEO;	III.	C.	150.	639

to this Aft, and to cause such Affeffment to be made, and the Money Taifed, collested, and paid.

.LVI. And b? it enacted, That in cafe any CoUfeftorof the Land Penalty on Col-Tax shall refuse or neglect to levy any such Affeffment for and during	*****

the Space of Twenty Days after the fame shall have been made, IDg every such Collector mall forfeit a Sum equal to Double the Amount of such Affeffment.

** All Penalties shall be paid into Bank of England, to the Account of

*• the Paymafter General out of which Bounties shall be paid. $ 57.”	•

LYUL And be it further enacted, That a separate Account (hall' If the feoonty be kept of the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, remitted to the Bank exceed the of England for each County and Stewartry respectively, and also of	1tta'Sefi-

the Bounties paid to Perfons who shall voluntarily enrol themselves to cici^ ^ serve in the Local Militia under this Aft in each County and 'maclegodbydfee Stewartry, and Parifti thereof; and if the Sum of Money advanced Couuty. under this Aft, for Payment of- any Bounties in any County or Stewartry, shall exceed the Amount of the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures paid into the Bank, in respect of such County or Stewartry, the Amount of such Deficiency shall be paid and made good by such County or Stewartry, or the Parilhes thereof respectively; and for the Purpofe of obtaining Payment thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Paymafter General to tranfmh an Account of the said Fines,

Penalties, Forfeitures, and Bounties, (hewing the Amount of such Deficiency, to the Clerk of Supply of the said County or Stewartry ; and the Commtffioners of Supply of every such County or Stewartry, ihall, on or before the First Day of May, after the Receipt of such -Account, make an Affeffment upon each Paristi, corresponding and in proportion to the Number of Men in each Parifti to whom such Bounty shall have been paid, upon their having voluntarily enrolled themselves to serve in the Local Militia under this Aft, in the Manner in which such Commiilioners of Supply are directed to make Affeff-ments for the Relief of the Wives and Families of Militia Men* by an Aft passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present 43 G. 3. c. 89. Majesty.-

" Subdivifion Clerks shall not retain Money. § 59. Subdivifion “ Clerks shall keep Account of Fioes, See. and transmit the fame to u the Secretary at War. § 60. And also Accounts of Money re-

mitted to the Bank on Oath. § 61. And also Eftimates of Sums ‘c requisite for Payment of Penalties remitted, and Account of Pay-44 ments thereof upon Oath. § 62. Bond of Subdivifion Clerks. § 63.

** Fines shall be applied under Order of Secretary of State. $ 64.

** Part of Penalties to Informer. § 65. Two Justices may hear and “ determine Offences, and give Judgment for Penalties, Sec. 4 upon ** due Proof according to the Law of Scotland.9—Appeal to Sef-44 lions. § 66. Penalty on Witneffes not attending. § 64.”

LXVIII. And be it further enacted. That the Justices before Form of Couvw-whom any - Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall ca(ife the said Conviftion to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effest, mutaiis mutandis;

(that is to fay)

* DE k remembered. That on the	Day	of

‘ in the Year of our Lord	'	in	the	County

1 of	A.	B. of	was	convicted	before

'	*	us,

A.D. i8o&

JUfpe&ing Pel* Rgjrriwcd. 47 G. a. a. J. 4-7.

J/m’« of Seffion Hall Hi iu Tuo Divifiom.

C. 150,151.	48°	GEO.	III.

*	us, C. 2>. and E. F. Two of His M^jefty*s Justices of the Peace

*	for the said County, residing near the Place where the Offence was

4 committed, for that the said A. B. on the	Day	of

' *	now	la	11	pad,	did,	in contravention of an Aft palled

4 in the Forty; eighth Year1 of His present Majesty, [here Jlate tbs 4 Offence againjt the A3l and we do find that the said A. B. hath for-

*	felted the Sum of	and	decern him to make

4 Payment thereof.1

44 Perfons balloted under 43 G. 3. r. 83. may find Substitutes, &c.

44 of fervingin Militia under 47 G. 3. Sejf. 2. c. 71. shall be entitled 44 to their Bifcharge; and Perfons having found Subftitutes or paid 44 Fines under both Afts, shall have a Return of their Money paid 44 under 47 G. 3. § 69. Penalty of Peijury or false Oath, $ 70.”

LXXI. And be it further enacted, in addition to what is provided by an Aft pafTed in the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty relative to the Militia, intituled. An A3 for the JpceJtly completing the Militia of - Great Britain, and isscreafing the fame, under certain Limitations- and ReflriBions, That if any Period shall conceive himlelf to be aggrieved by the Sentence, Warrant, or Order of any Deputy Lieutenant or Junice or Justices of the Peace in Scotland, in the Execution of this Aft, or in the Execution of any Aft or Afts relating to the Militia of Scotland, it shall not be competent to fill Execution or Procedure upon any such Sentence, Warrant, or Order; and that if any Perfon shall attempt to do so by Bill of Sufpenfion or otherwise, the fame lhaU be difintfled as incom- 1 petent, and such Perfon shall be subjected in full Expences.

44 Aft may be altered or repealed this Seffion.”

£The Schedules annexed to the A3, and all the Claufes abort 1 abridged, are preciftly ftm'tlar, mutatis mutandis, to those contain I in the A3 48 G. 3. c. ill. for ejlahli/hing a permanent Local Mums Force in England. 3

CAP. CLI.

An Aft concerning the Adminiftratfon of Juftice in Scetlandi , and concerning Appeals to the House of Lords.	j

[4th July 1808.] 1

4 "f T7JIEREAS the great Extenfion of Agriculture, Commerce,

4 VV Manufactures and Population, and the confeqnent Multipli-4 cation of Tnmfaftions in Scotland, have greatlr increased the Nuro-4 ber of Law Suits brought into the Court ot Seffion, whereby it 4 has become expedient to make some new Arrangements in that

*	Court, to facilitate the Difpatch of Rufinef3: And whereas it is alio

*	expedient to make such Regulations as are herein-after provide:

4 touching Appeals ; may it therefore please Yotir Majesty that it mzr

4 be enacted;1 and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords SpiritiJ and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afTembted, and by the Authority of the fame, That on and after the Twelfth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Judges or Lords of Seffion shall usually fit in Two.Divisions, and the JLora Pit* iident of the whole Court and Seven of the Ordinary Lords of Scffioa shall form one aud the First of the (aid Divifions j and the Lord Juftice

Oei

i8o8<

4t° GEO. III.

C.15L	641

Clerk for the Time being, and Six of the Ordinary Lord* of Seifioo, .

[hall form the other and the Second of the said Divifions.

II. And be it enacted, That such Seven of the Ordinary Lords of Of whom such Sefiion shall be the Judges who shall usually fit in.one of the said Dm- ^iv,fioof (ions, and such Six shall bp the Judges who shall usually fit in the other	c0in?0

of the said Divisions, as His Majesty shall appoint; and the Lord * President of the whole Court shall preside m the First of the said Divisions, and the said Lord Juftice Clerk shall preside in the Second pf the said Divisions; and in the Abfence of the Lord President and Juftice Clerk respectively, one of the Ordinary Lords of the (aid respective Divisions, that is to fay, such Ordinary Lord as the Judges then present shall appoint shall preside in such Divifions respectively.

III.	And be it enacted, That in each of the said Divifions there Jvrigw of

(hall be an equal Number of the Judges of the Court of Judiciary, including the Lord Juftice Clerk.	Divifioo.

IV.	And be it enacted, That from and after the said Twelfth Day RaetofMcetiug

of November One thousand eight hundred and eight, the said Judges	DWfioo

in each Divifion respectively shall fit in such Rooms or Places as His

Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, shall appoint, and each of the Tame shall fit on the lame Days as have hitherto been the Days of fitting of the whole Court for the Difpatch of fiufinefs during the ,

Time of Sefiion at such Hours as the Court of Sefikm by any Regulations to be made by the whole Court, or a Quorum thereof confiding of Nine of the Judges thereof, shall appoint; and the laid Judges Court is hereby authorized and required, by Ad of the whole Court fall nuke or of such Quorum, to make or eftabli(h such Regulations before the Twelfth Day, of November One thousand eight hundred and eight; ***** Sutui** provided, that the Judges in each Divifion (nail have the fame Powers with re to Adjournment, which the Judges of the whole Court

V. And be it enacted, That the Ordinary Judges of each Division, Ordinary Judges exclafive of the Lord President and Lord Juftice Clerk, shall officiate fall official© in in the Outer Houle and Bill Chamber, and in performing therein	Hou*#

the Duties of Ordinaries of each Divifion in the Manner which has ^ hitherto been practised by the Ordinary Judges of the whole Court,	*

until it shall be otherwiie provided by Parliament: Provided always, that Two of the said Judges, One for each Division, shall officiate each Week in the Outer' House, for hearing Caufes in the Rolls of Sufpensions, Advocations, Regulations, and Ordinary A&ions, and' that Two Judges, one for each Division, shall each Week officiate in the Bill Chamber in the Time of Selfion, but that it shall be competent to the whole Court, or a Quorum thereof as aforesaid, to eftabli/h such Regulations with regard to Lords Ordinary officiating in the Bill Chamber during the Vacation as shall be deemed expedient*.

VI. And be it enarfed, That the Judges fitting in the said re-' Judges in ©tdi fpeftive Divisions, or so many of them as shall form Quorums thereof Divifion fall respectively as herein-after mentioned, shall be competent to eXercife, ana shall and may exercise, except in Cafes herein excepted, the like Duties, Powers, and Functions in allrespects, and with the fame and the like Authority and Efsect, in all Cafes aod Matters that shall come before tfiem, at are now exercised by the Lords of Seffion fitting together in Court, or a Quorum of them, and shall also enjoy the like Authorities and Privileges as are now enjoyed by the find Lords so fitting, or such Quorum.

now po

48 Geo. III.

Tt

VII. And

64*

Quorum.

In €afes of Equality of Voice*, * Laid Ordinary (ball be called in.

Inner House Caufes may be brought before either Division, , and Outer House Cbdfes before the Lords Ordinary, &c.

Judges of One ‘ Dividon may (fate Qucfttona of Law to the . ether.

i

Forms of Proceedings of both Divifions {hadt be alike, without Altera-

0.151*	48*	GEO. IIL	AJ>.i8o*.

VII.	And be it enacted, That Four Judges in each Divifion shall be deemed to be a Quorum thereof.

VIII.	And be it enacted, That the Judges presiding in each Divi-fion shall, in cafe of Difference of Opinion, have One Voice, but not a Cafting Voice; and in cafe there shall be an Equality of Voices, the Caufe or Matter shall remain for subsequent Difcuffion and Decifion; and in cafe upon such subsequent Difcuffion and Decifion, there shall be again an Equality of Voices, the Judges of the said Divifion shall call in One of the Lords Ordinary of the lame Divifion from the Outer House, in the Order of their Seniority as Judges, to be present at the Difcuffion, and to vote in such Cafe.

. IX. And be it further enacted, That all Causes, A&ions, Pro-ceffes, or Maltera, which according to the present Law and Pra&ice come in the first In fiance into the laid Court as Inner House Causes, shall at the Choice of the Party inflituting the fame be brought before either of the said Divisions;, and thvt Causes, A&ions, Proceflcs, or Matters, which according to such Pra&ice are brought into the Outer House or Bill Chamber before any of the Ordinary Lords, shall, at the Choice of the Party instituting the fame, be brought before the Ordinary Lords of such Division, as the Party instituting the feme shall think proper to resort to, and shall not be removeablc except into that Divifion to which the Lords Ordinary belong under the Pro-viiions of this A&; and all Causes, A&ions, Proceffes, and Matters shall be considered as being under the Jurildi&ion of the respective Divifions of the Judges before which they are brought, or to which the Lords Ordinary before whom they are brought belong; and the Decrees or Decifions of such Divifion of Judges or Loras Ordinary shall not be subject to review in the Court of Seffion by the other Judges, save that those of such Lords Ordinary shall be fnbje& to be reviewed by that Divifion of Judges to which such Lords Ordinary belong; provided, that where any A&ion, Matter, Process, Complaint, or Caufe has been brought before One of the said Divifions or the Lords Ordinary thereof, the other Divifion or the Lords Ordinary thereof shall remit any A&ion, Process, Matter, Complaint, or Caufe.fubfequently brought before them, relating to the lame Subje&, Matter, or Thing, or having a Conne&i'on or Contingency therewith, to the Confideration of the Divifion or Lords ‘Ordinary before whom the First Cause, A&ion, Process, Complaint, or Matter had been previously brought; which Remits shall be made sn such Form and Manner as is now used, or as shall be established by future Regulations of the whole Court,or a Quorum of Nine Judges thereof, and which such Court or Quorum is hereby suthorized, and, if the fame shall be necessary, required to rriake.

X.	And be it enacted. That it shall be competent to the Judges of either Division, or the Quorum thereof, in any Cafe9 which shall appear to them to be Cafes of Importance and Difficulty, to fUte Queftioiis of Law, in Writing arising on such Cases, and to require the Opinions of the Judges of the other Divifion to be given thereupon, and such Judges mall be hound to communicate their Opinion thereupon, either as a colle&ivc Body or ad individual Judges.

XI- And be it enacted. That the Forms of Proceeding and Procefs before each of the said Divifions of the Judges respectively, and before the Lords Ordinary of each respectively, shall be the fame, and no Alteration thereof shall take place but by A&s of Sederunt of the

\ whole

V.D.i8o8.

0.151.

48* GEO. HI.

*43

?hole Court, or a Quorum of’Nine Judges thereof, assembled by ti°n, except

he Lord President, to which Court or Quorum it shall be competent

0 make such Alterations and Regulations concerning such Forms of

’roceeding and Process, as shall appear to be necessary or expedient;

nd all the lawful Powers of the (Jourt of Seffion, or any Quorum

hereof, to make Afts 0/ Sederunt, and all other lawful Powers,

duties, or Funftions of the said Court, or any Quorum thereof, save ».

s the Exercife of their Powers, Funftions, or Duties is regulated	/

•y this Aft, shall remain and>be in full Force.

XII.	And be it enacted. That it shall be competent to the said Interim 'ourt, or a Quorum of Nine Judges thereof, assembled by the Lord Regulation* 5resident, to make interim Regulations, until Provifions shall be may ^ made lade for that Purpofe by Parliament, with regard to the Duties to Jjjj Six^ndptl »e performed by the Six principal Clerks of Seffion in the laid cierbofSefltoj^ divisions: Provided'always * that each of the said prlncipal'Clerk#

lall be entitled to aft in cither Division, arid that the said principal 'lerks shall be entitled to carry on their official Bufinefs in their Offices and in Court, in conformity to the present Praftice, and that : shall be competent to the said Court to make interim Regulation^ nth regard to the Duties to be performed by the Depute Clerks in he Outer House. and by the Clerk or Clerks in the Bill Chamber, nd other Officers of Court, as shall appear expedient for carrying •n the Bufinefs of each of the said Divifions in a proper Manner. *

XIII.	And be it enacted, That the different Caules which shall be Caufei depend^ lepending before any Lords Ordinary on the said Twelfth Day of how to he V#vcmber One thouland eight hundred and eight, shall, from and after

hat Day, belong to the Divifion of which the Lord Ordinary before ehom they are depending shall, under the Piovifions of this Aft, be Part or Member 5 and that such Caufes as shall be depending in the inner House on and prior to the Twelfth Day of November One houfand eight hundred and eight, shall from and after that Day be-ong to the Divifion of which the Lord Ordinary before whom they lepended at the* Time they were lall brought from a Lord Ordinary nto the Inner House, shall, under the Provifions of this Aft, be a >art or Member, and that all other Caufes which shall be depending n the Inner House on and previous to the said Twelfth Day of November. One thoufand' eight hundred and eight, whether they were irought into the Inner House originally in the first Instance, or defended when lall brought into the Inner House before a Lord Or-linary, since deceased, shall be distributed between the said Divifions >f the Judges as they Hand upon the Roll upon such Day; that is o fay, the JJjrft Caule upon the Roll lTiall belong to the First of the aid Divisions, and the Second Caufe then upon tne Roll shall belong o the Second of the said Divisions, and so on successively and alter-tately: And in Cafes in which, after such Divifions of the Judges shall C*nfe* to bo lave taken place as aforesaid, Caufes shall be remitted by the House emitted >f Lords to the Court of Sefiion, and when there shall be at the Date	*

if such Remits no Lords Ordinary to such Causes, the First of such Caufes io remitted shall belong to tne Divifion in which the Lord Pre-ident of the whole Co*irt presides, and the Second to the other Di-ifion, and so on successively; and where there are Lords Ordinary to uch Causes, the respective Caufes shall be remitted to the Divifion n which the Lords Ordinary to such Caufes respectively belong:

Provided nevertheless, that in all Caufes in which the House of Lords 1

T t a	(hall

A.D. x8o8»

*44

C. 151.

48° GEO. III.

fcourt of Sefiion Ifcalt meet to form Regu.-hipoi.

Appeals to the House of Lords.

RrfpeAing

Interlocutors.

Copy of Petition 4 of Appeal shall be bad before the Judges of the Divifion to whirh the Caufe belongs.

Rcguforiont as to Interim l’of-feftoD, &c. shall ant tie flopped by Appeal to the Louie of Lords.

(hall think proper expressly in any Remit to the Court fb to require the Judges of the Divifion of the Court of Sefiion to which the Caufe or Matter shall after such Remit belong, shall be bound to require the Opinion of the Judges of the other Divifion in Matters or Queftions of Law in Writing, and such. Judges of the other Divifion shall be bound to give and communicate the fame in Manner herein*before provided.

XIV.	And be it enacted, That for the Purpofes aforesaid, the Court of Sefiion is hereby authorized to meet after the palling of this A& on any Days, either in Time of Sefiion or during Vacation, Nine of the said Judges being a Quorum ; and the laid Court being assembled by the Lord President, in order that such Regulations may be made, and such Diftribution of Caufes may take place as shall be necefiary or proper for carrying this A& into Execution.'

XV.	And be it enacted, That hereafter no Appeal to the House of Lords shall be allowed from Interlocutory Judgments but such Appeals shall be allowed only from Judgments or Decree on the whole Merits of the Cause, except with the Leave of the Divifion of the Judges pronouncing such Interlocutory Judgments; or except in Cafes where there is a Difference of Opinion among, the Judges of the said Division; nor shall any Appeal to the House of Lords be allowed from Interlocutors or Decrees of Lords Ordinary which have not been reviewed by the Judges fitting in the Divifion to which such Lords Ordinary belong : Provided, that when a Judgment or Decrte is appealed from, it shall be competent to either Party to appeal to the House of Lords from all or any of the Interlocutors that may hare been pronounced in the Cause, so that the Whole, as far as it is necefiary, may be brought under the Review of the House of Lords.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the reclaiming or representing Days against an Interlocutor of a Lord Ordinary shall, from Miftake or Inadvertency, have expired* it shall be competent, with the Leave of the Lord Ordinary, to submit the said Interlocutor, by Petition, to the Review of the Divifion to which the (aid Lord Ordinary belongs; but declaring always, that in the Event of such Petition being presented, the Petitioners shall be subjected in the Payment of the Expeoceaiirevioiifiy incurred in the Procefs by the other Party.

XVII.	And be it enacted, That when any Appeal is lodged in the House of Lords, a Copy of the Petition of Appeal shall be laid by the Refpondent or Refpondents, before the Judges of the Divifion to which the Caufe belongs; and the faid«Division, or any Four of the Judges thereof, shall have Power to regulate all Matters relative to Interim Pofleflion, or Execution, and Payment of Softs and Ex-pences already incurred, according to their found Difcrction, having a just Regard to the Iuterefts of the Parties as they may be affected by the Affirmance or Reverfai of the Judgment or Decree appealed from.

XVIII.	And be it enacted, That it shall not be competent by Appeal to the House of Lords touching the Regulations (o made as to luch Interim Pofleflion, Execution, and Payment of Ex pence; or Cufts, to flop the Execution of such J^?gulations as shall have been so made as aforesaid respecting the fame; provided that when the Appeal touching the Judgment or Decree appealed from shall be heard, it shall be competent for the House of Lords to make such Order aad give such Judgment refpe&iug all Matters whatfoever

2	which

1

I

A.D.1808.	48®	GEO.	III.	C.151.

which shall hive been done or have taken place in pursuance of or in consequence of such Regulations so made as to Interim Pofleffion, Execution, and Payment of Expences or-Cofts, as the Juftice of the Cafe shall appear to the said House of Lords to require*

XIX.	And be it enacted. That if upon hearing the Appeal it shall appear to the Houle of Lords to be just to decree or adjudge the Payment of Interect, simple or compound, by any of the Parties in the Caufe to which such Appeal relates, it shall be competent to the said House to decree or adjudge the Payment thereof, as the said House in its found Difcretion ihall think meet,

XX.	And be it enacted, That if any Appeal7 presented after the

Jading of this A A to the House of Lords again ft an Interlocutor or )ecree of the said Court, or either of the Divifions thereof shall be dismissed for want of Profecution, it shall be lawful for any Refpon-dent in such Appeal tor apply by Petition to that .Divifion of the Court of Seffion to which luch Caufe shall belong, and it shall be competent to the Judges of the said Divilion, upon such Petition, to decree Payment of Interect, simple or compound, by the Appellant to such Refpondent, in such Manner as the said Divifion in its found Difcretion mail think meet, together with the Cofts or Expences which have been incurred in consequence of such Appeal.

XXL And be it further enacted, That as often as a Vacancy of the Office of a Judge shall happen among the Judges of either Divi-{ion, the fame shall be filled* up according to the present Law and Pra&ice of Scotland; provided that such new appointed Judge shall go through the Forms of Admiffion in that Divifion of Judges only to which he is appointed, unless an Obje&ion is made to his Ad-miilion, in which Cafe the Objection shall be decided by the whole Court.

XXII.	‘ And whereas the Appointment of Commissioners with 4 Powers to enquire into the Admmiftration of Juftice in Scotland re-* lating to Matters of a Civil Nature, and particularly into the F6rms * of Procefs in the Court of Seffion whole Proceedings shall be < repotted to His Majesty, and laid before both Houfes of Parlia-4 ment, would be expedient: And whereas it would be expedient that ‘ Regulations should.be established relative to the Caufes or Procefies, 4 which may at present be brought into the Court of Seffion by Ad-* vocation, Sufpension, or Reduction, or in the first Instance, and 4 relative to those of a Civil Nature which may be brought before 4 the Circuit Court of Judiciary by Appeal: And whereas it has « been conceived th^t it might be for the Utility of the Subie&s 4 within Scotland, that Jury Trial should be introduced into tfce rro-4 ceedings in certain Caufes before the Court of Seffion: And whereas * the Fees or Dues exigible by the Clerks and other Officers of the 4 Court of Seffion, and Members of the College of Juftice or other 4 Perfons connected with the said Court in their official Capacity, * and the Fees exigible by the Clerks and other Officers in the Sheriff, • Admiralty, Commiffary, and other Courts in Scotland> require to 4 be reviled, and in many Particulars regulated: And whereas it 4 would be expedient, that proper Regulations should be established, * relative to the Extra&s of Decrees, or of the Proceedings now ii\ ‘ use in Scotland in the superior and inferior Courts, and relative to * the laid Fees: And whereas it is expedient that due and proper 4 Information should be obtained touching such Matters as aforesaid,

T t 3	4	and

5

Houfcof Lot* may adjudge Payment of Imereti.

Refpondenta in Appealsdifutilkd my apply fur lnterell to the Divifion to whieb the Caufe betap.

Vacancies of

A.D. iSo8.



ComraUSeneri iball be appointed to inquire into the Forma of Froceis in the Court of Seffion, and to report in what Cafes Trial by Jury could be usefully •ftabliihcd, &c.

C. 151;	'	48°	GEO.	III.

*	and as are herein-after mentioned, to the Intent that falutaiy Regu-

*	lations should be made and edabli(hed by due AuthorityBe it therefore enaCfeed, That it shall be lawful, and full Power is hereby given to such Perfonsas shall be for that Purpofe named and appointed by His Majesty, by Letters Patent or any Indrument in Writing under His Royal Sign Manual, or any Three of them, to meet at and upon Tuch Place and Day as in such Letters Patent or Indrument shall be for that Purpofe' named, or at and upon such Place and Day as they, or any Three of them, giving Notice to the other*

of them, shall appoint, and so thereafter at such Times and Places . as they or those present from Time to Time at Meetings shall appoint; and after, cnuiing a Prsefes and Clerk, to make full Inquiries into the Forms of Process, in the Court of Seffion, and to report in what Cases, and in what Manner and Form it appears to them that Jury Trial cculd be mod usefully edablifhed in that Court, and further, to it port in what Manner the present Form of Procefs in that Court might be improved by conducing more of the Pleadings viva voce, by limiting the Power veded in (ingle Judges of frequently reviewing their own Interlocutory Judgments by obviating Incon-▼eniencies anting from the Mode nowpractised, in taking Proofs by Commission, and by Regulations relative to the Proceedings in the Bill Chamber, and particularly to inquire and report whether it would be expedient that the ordinary Judges of the said Divifions should officiate in the Outer House and Bui Chamber, aud in per. forming therein the Duties of Ordinaries, in the Manner which has been hitherto practised by the ordinaiy Judges of the whole Court, or in what other Manner, and especially whether it would be ex- | pedient that some of such Judges mould con dandy or usually perform the Duties of Ordinaries in the Outer . House and Bill Chamber, and that others of the said Judges (hiould constantly or ufualiy officiate in the Inner House, and also to make Inquiry into the Proceedings in the Admiralty and Commifiary Courts, and in the Inferior Courts in Scotland, relative to Matters of a Civil Nature, and to report in what Manner these may be improved, and also to date what Regulations appear to them proper to be adopted relative to Precedes or Caufes brought into the Court of Seffion by Advocation, Suf-ttention, or Reduction, or in the First Indance, or before the Circuit tourt of Judiciary by Appeal, and also to make Inquiry into the present Forfns of the Court of Seffion in extruding Decrees, Re-

fid ration of the fame, stnd Execution thereon, or upon Letters of )iligence palling the Signet, or any other Matters touching the Procefs or Proceedings of the (aid Court, and to feudown in Writing such Alterations or Amendments as shall appear to them to he mod reasonable and bed calculated for the due Adminidration of Judice in the said Courts; and also to inquire into the Fees, Perquisites, and Emoluments claimed by or belonging to the Clerks and Officers of the said Court, and other Members of the College of Judice, or Perfons connected with the said Court, the Faculty of Advocates excepted, and how far the fame are now reasonable, or ought to be allowed, or increased, and particularly what Satisfaction it may be just and reasonable to make to auy luch Perfons, in consequence of their being deprived of their Fees, Dues, or Emoluments, or any of them, by reason of the Alterations and Regulations introduced by this ACt, or in cafe they should be deprived thereof by the Adoption

of

48° GEO* m.	0.151,152.	Uf7

.of any Alterations or Amendments to be proposed by fnch Perfons as aforeuid, if the fame should be adopted; and also to inquire into the Fees, Perquisites, or Emoluments claimed by the Clerks and other Officers in the Sheriff, Admiralty, Coramiffary, and other. Courts in Scotland; and generally to fet down in Writing, and report what shall appear to them material to be reported touching all and every the Matters aforesaid; and the said Perfons shall and are hereby re*' quired to report the Whole of theqr Proceedings to His Majesty on or before the Twelfth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and nine, and which Report, when made, it is hereby provided shall be laid before both Houfes of Parliament by One of rlis Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State: Provided, that it shall be competent to the said Perfons to report, from Time to Time, on or before the laid Twelfth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and nine, such Part or Parts of their Proceedings as they shall have it in their Power to report, relating to any of the Objects of their Inquiry, and particularly they are hereby required to report, as soon as conveniently may be, with respect to Trial by Jury, the Proceedings io the Outer House and Bill Chamber, the Regulations proper to be adopted relative to Proceffes in Caufes brought into the Court of Seffion by Advocation, Sufpension, or Reduction, or in the Firff Inftance ; and relative to those of a Civil Nature which may be brought before the Circuit Court of Jufticiary by Appeal; and with regard to the present Forms of the Court of 6effion m extracting Decreets; and with respect to the other Matters appointed to be the Subjects of their Inquiry, to report thereupon in luch Order as to them shall seem mod: expedient; yet so nevertheless as that their Report upon the Whole of the Matters submitted to their Confideration, (ball be made on or before the said Twelfth Day of November Qne thousand eight hun*. dred and nine,

cap. cm.

An Aft for granting certain Duties on Worts or Walh made from Sugar during the Prohibition of Diitillation from Com or Crain in Great Britain.	[4th	July 1808.3

•	TT 7 HE RE AS it may be found proper to prohibit throughout v

♦	W Great Britain, for a Time to be limited, all Diftillation of

•	Spirits from Com or Grain, and in such Cafe it would be expedient

•	to encourage the Diftillation of Sprits frbm Sugar during such Pro-

*	hibition 5 and also to modify and ?egulate the Duties to be levied,

*	and the Drawbacks to he flowed 5* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That for During iny and during any Period of Time in which by or under the Authority Prohibition of of any Aft of Parliament, passed or to be passed, the Diftillation of the DiiUllation Spirits from Com or Grain in Great Britain shall be prohibited, all Graln*^ Great and ilngular the Duties of Excife on Worts or Wa(h, made or brewed Britain, all

in Great Britain for extra&ing Spirits, and al) and lingular the Duties Duties and on Spirits made or distilled in Great Britain and on Spirits made in Drawba<u on Ireland and imported into Great Britain, and also the duties on Li-cenew on the Content or Capacity of Stills used or employed in Scotland tax mating or diftiUing Low Wines or Spirits, and also all excepting />	T14	and	Arrears/

' A.D.i8o8,



Prohibition of all Materials in the Highland Dif-tillery, except Oats or Bariev, &c. also suspended.

When Prohibition ceases, suspended Duties, &£. shall he revived.

Hew Buttes' during such. Sufpeufion.

Sugar Wafa •for Home Confumption in England, Is. 3d. per Gallon. Ditto in Low-lauds of Scotland i S^d.

Spirits in the Lowlands, sd.

\

Content of the Still in the Lowlands, 162l. pet Gallon.

Ci52-	4Sd	GEO. HI.

«tnd fingylar the Duties on Spirits manufaduied in England* and brought from thence into Scotland* and vice ver/a* and also all and lingular the Drawbacks on the Exportation of any such Spirits, {hall be and the fame are hereby suspended, lave and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which shall or may remain unpaid; or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on the Day upon which such Prohibition of Diftillation from Corn or Grain (nail commence and take Effect.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the Prohibition of the Ufe of any Material or Commodity whatsoever hi the making or brewing of Wort or Wafa for di{filling or extrading Spirits in the Highlands of Scotland* except Oats or Barley, or Bear or Bigg, of the Growth of the laid Highlands, shall also be suspended during any Period of Time that the Uiftillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain shall by or under the Authority of any Ad of Parliament be prohibited ; any Thing in this or any other Ad of Parliament to the contrary in any .wife notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any such Prohibition as aforesaid of the Ufe of Corn and Grain in the Diftilia-tion of Spirits shall ceafc and determine, all and lingular the Duties, Drawbacks, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, and also the Prohibition which by this Ad are or shall be suspended, shall be revived, and the fame are hereby in such Cafe declared to revive and become in full Force and Effed to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That in lieu and instead of the Duties hereby suspended, there shall during such Sufpenfion be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Suc-ceflors, the several Rates and Duties of Excife hereinafter mentioned; (that is to fay), •

For every Gallon of Wort or Wa(h, brewed or made for extrading Spirits in England* for Home Confumption, from Sugar, an Excite Duty of One Shilling and Three-pence:

'For every Galion, Ehglijh Wine Measure,' of. Wort or Wafa, brewed or made from Sugar, for ex trading Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland* for Confumption in Scotland9 an Excife Duty of Threepence Farthing;

For everyGalion, EngVtJb Wine Measure, of Spirits, of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and lb in proportion Tor every higher or lower Degree of .Strength which shall be made or difrilled in the Lowlands of Scotland* for Confumption in Scotland* not exceeding the Number of Gallons of Spirits limited and refrrided to be distilled by or from each Still, to be paid over and above the Duty on the Licence or Content of the StiU, and the Duty on the Wort or Wafa from which such Spirits may be made or diftilied, an Excife Duty of Five-pence s

For every Galion, Engli/b Wine Measure, of the cubical Content . or Capacity of each and every Still, including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn: Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as the Steam can afeend, and until the Top of the Head shall turn downwards and form an Angle of Forty-five Degrees, which shall he used or employed for the Purpofe

of

i808.

48° GEO. TIL

C. ija.

<49

Wafh In the

Highlands, si.

Content of St3l in Highlands,

of making or distilling Low Wines or Spirits from Sugar in the Lowlands of Scotland, for Confumption in Scotland, an Excife Duty t of One hundred and fixty-two Pounds:

For every Galion, Englj/b Wine Measure, of Wort or Wafh, brewed or made from Sugar, for extracting. Spirits in the Highlands of Scotland, for Confumption in the (Said Highlands, an Excile Duty of Two-pence:

For every-Galion, Englj/b Wine Measure, of Spirits, of the Strength Smritsin the of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in proportion for Highlands, : any higher or lower Degree of Strength, which shall be made or distilled in the Highlands of Scotland for Confumption in the said Highlands, not exceeding the Number of Gallons of Spirits limited and restricted to be distilled by or from each Still, to be paid, over and above the Duty on the Licence or Content of the Still, and the Duty on the Wort or Wafh from which such Spirit may be made or diftilied, an Excife Duty of Five-pence :

For every Galion, EvgljJb Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still, including the Head and every	^	.

Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus ***** therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the £wpe may be called or known, „ as high as the Steam can afeend, and until the Top df the Head shall turn downwards and form an Angle of Forty-five Degrees, which shall be used or employed for the Pur* pose of making or distilling Low Wines or Spirits in the Highlands of Scotlandy, for ponfumption in the said Highlands, an Excile Duty of Five Pounds:

' For every Galion, Engltjb Wine Measure, of Spirits, of a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in proportion for any higher Degree of Strength, made or x distilled from Corn or Grain in Englandy and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the Landing thereof, an Excife Duty of Six Shillings:

For every Galion, Englj/b Wine Measure, of Spirits, of a Strength Scotch Com not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, made or Spirits imported distilled from Corn or Grain in Scotlandy and imported or brought	.

from thence into England, to be paid by the Importer thereof,	^

before the Landing thereof, an Excile Duty of Seven Shillings and Five-pence Halfpenny;	♦

For every Galion, Englj/b Wine Measure, of all such Spirits as last Proportional before mentioned, of a greater Strength than that of One to Ten over	‘

* Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding Three per Centum over and CoaLorapK^ above the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, an Excife Duty of Seven Shillings and Five pence Halfpenny; and also a further Excife Duty, proportioned to the Degree of Strength in which such Spirits {hall exceeolhe said Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, to be paid by the Importer thereof before the Landing thereof:

For every Galion, Englj/b Wine Measure, of Spirits, of the Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in proportion for any higher Degree of Strength, made or distilled in England from Sugar, and imported or brought from thence into Scot* landy to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the Landing thereof, an Excife Duty of Four Shillings and Three-pence:

For every Galion, Engltjb Wine Measure, of Spirits, of a Strength pot exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydromete|r Proof, made or

diftilled

EnglHhCora Sprits impasted into Scotland, 6s.

EnglUh Sugar Spirits imported into Scotland, 4s. 3d.

Scotch Sugar Spirits imi>orted into England, Ss. lljd.

A.D.iSo*

4S$©

Piopertiftnal Duty on 3 per CeaLomrioof.

Mh Com Spirits imported into Great Britain, 8a. 3}d. (at 1 to 10, and in Proportion,)

Irifh Sugar Spirits into Great Britain, «&.5d.

Drawbacks on

"Exportation of Spirits to Ireland.

Britiflt Com Spirits, 8s. aJd»

BritHh Sugar Spirit*) 8a. Ad.

Putiealhallbe under the Management of , Piacife Board.

Officers of Eaeife shall allow 13 Millers 91

C. 152*	48° GEO. Ill,

diftilied in Scotland from Sugar, and imported and brought from thence into England, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the Landing thereof, an Excife Duty of Five Shillings and EleTen-pence Halfpenny;

For every Galion, EngVijb Wine Measure, of all such Spirit# as last before mentioned, of a greater Strength than One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding Three per Centum over and above the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, an Excife Duty of Five Shillings and Eleven pence Halfpenny; and also a further Excife Duty, proportioned to the Degree of Strength in which such Spirits shall exceed the said Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the Landing thereof:

For every Gallon of Spirits, diftilied or made from Corn or Grab in Ireland, and imported into Great Britain, at a Strength not exceeding One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the Landing thereof, an Excife Duty of Eight Shillings and Two-pence Halfpenny; and so in proportion for any higher Degree of Strength; and upon sweetened or compounded Spirits the laid last mentioned Duty shall be computed and paid upon the highest Degree of Strength at which such Spirits can be made :

For every Gallon of Spirits diftilied or made from Sugar in Ire* land, and imported into Great Britain at a Strength not exceeding One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the Landing thereof, an Excife Duty of Eight Shillings and Five-pence, and so in proportion for any higher Degree of Strength; and upon sweetened or compounded Spirits the said Duty shall be computed and paid upon the highest Degree of Strength at which such Spirits can be made,

V.	And be it further enacted, That in lieu and instead of the Drawbacks* by this Att suspended, there shall, during such Sufoen-fton, be allowed and paid, for and in respect of all Spirits of the Manufacture of Great Britain exported to Ireland, the following Drawbacks; (that is to far,)

For and upon every Galion, Eoglijb Wine Measure, of all Spirits at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall be made or diftilied from Com or Grain in Great Britain, and exported from thence to Ireland, a Drawback of Eight Shillings aiid Two-pence Halfpenny, and so in proportion for any higher Degree of Strength:

For and upon every Galion, Engltfb Wine Measure, of all Spirits at the Strength of One to Ten overHydsometer Proof, which shall be made or diftilied.from Sugar in Great Britain, and exported from thence to Ireland% a Drawback of Eight Shillings and Five-pence, and so in proportion for any higher Degree of Strergth.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Ad imposed, as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain^ called England shall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of Excife m England for the Time being; and that such Part thereof as (ball atple in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of Excife in Scotland for the Time being.

VII.	And be it further enacted. That every Officer of Excife in England, having any Still or StiU-house, or other Place used for the

Purpofe

A.D. i8o8.

<5*

48° GEO. HL	C.	152.

1

Purpofe of making or diddling Spirits under bis Survey, (ball keep

exaft Accounts in his Books of all Worts and TjVafti whereon the Duties are by this Aft imposed; and shall in his said Books give unto the several Diftillers or Makers of Spirits under his Survey, a. Credit of Twenty *one Gallons of Spirits, of the Strength of Qne to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of Worts or Wafti brewed or made from Sugar by fucji Diftiller or Diftillers.

VIII*. And be it enacted, That every Diftiller in Scotland shall be charged with and pay the several and respective Duties by this Aft imposed on Spirits made in Scotland, for the Confumption of Scotland, at and after the Rate of Twenty-one Gallons of Spirits for -every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wafh, brewed or made from Sugar by any such Distiller; and every such Diftiller shall have Credit, and be allowed Permits for Twenty-one Gallons of Spirits, of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of Worts or Wafti as aforesaid, brewed or made and actually distilled into Spirits by such Diftiller.

IX.	And be it fuither enacted, That if any Diftiller in England shall make, distil, extract, or produce any Quantity of Spirits, exceeding the Proportion of Twenty-one Gallons for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wafli brewed or made from Sugar as aforesaid, every such Diftiller shall pay Duty for all such Spirits exceeding the Proportion aforesaid (that is to fay; at and after the Rite of Five Shillings and Eleven-pence Halfpenny for every Gallon of such Ex-cess, computed at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof.

X.	And be it further enacted, That every Diftiller who shall make or distil Spirits in England for Expoitation from thence to Scotland, or who shall make or distil Spirits in Scotland for Exportation from thence to England, shall, for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash, brewed or made from Sugar, for makipg or extrafting Spirits for Exportation as aforesaid, produce to the Sight of the proper Officer or Officers of Excife at least Twenty-one Gallons of Spirits, of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof; and in every Cafe where the Produce of Spirits, ext rafted and produced to the. Sight of the proper Officer or Officers of Excife as aforesaid, shall fall (hort of the Proportion aforesaid, every such Diftiller or Diftillers shall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby made chargeable with and shall pay, foi* every Gallon of Spirits which shall so fall (hort or be deficient, a Duty of I'en Shillings.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any DiHiller in the Lowlands of Scotland shall have brewed or made and diitilled into Spirits a Quantity of Wort or Wafti fVom Sugar, fuffi-cient'to produce Two thousand and twenty-five Gallons of Spirits, of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, fox'each and every Gallon of the full Content or Capacity of the Still or Stills fpe-cifitd or mentioned in the Licence granted to such Diftiller in the (aid Lowlands, computing Twenty-one Gallons of such Spirits, of the. Strength aforesaid, for every One hundred Gallons pf Wort or Wasti, then and in- every such Cafe the Licence of such Diftiller shall cease and determine, and be no longer in force.

XII.	And.be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any Diftiller in the Highlands of Scotland shall have brewed or made and

diftilled

Gallons of Spirits, (at l to, 10) for 100 Gallons Waft.

Diftillers in Scotland ihall bn allowed a like Proportion of Spirits.

Duty on Excels in England 5s. l*d. per Gallon.

Dtftfllen for Ex-pototion between England and Scotland (hail for 100 Gallons Wafti produce 31 Gallons of Spirits; or pay 10s. per Galion. deficient.

licence of Diftillers in Lowlands (ball cease, on producing 3035 Gallons for eachGallon Content of S till.	„

licence of Diftillers in Highlands shall cease, on

C.152.

48° GEO. m.

A.D.1808.

producing 73 CUIods of Spirits per Gailon Content of Still.

X)Uli&eTS in England not to Penalty for difcondmnng fO walk on ExpUV tkm of Prohibi-

AHovsnce to Diftillen inScot-' Itnd on fuck Expiration of Prohibition.

licences for diftitling Spirits from Sugar in Scotland after Pec. 1, 1808.

Time for making Entry ot Spirits for .Exportation betweeu England and Scotland.

Entiy may be made for such Exportation within 30 Pays from the Period when Prohibition shall ccafe, kc.

diftilled into Spirits a Quantity of Wort or Wafh from Sugar, fuffi-cient to produce Seventy-five Gallons of Spirits, of the Stength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for each ind every Gallon of the full Content or Capacity of the Still or Stills specified or mentioned in the.Licence granted to such Diftiller in the said Highlands, com-

Jmting Twenty-orte Gallons of such Spirits, at the Strength a/ore-aid, for every One hundred Gallons of such Wort or Walh, then and in every such Cafe the Licence of such Diftiller shall cease, and determine and be no longer in force.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Diftiller in England shall be subject or liable to any Penalty, Forfeiture, or Profecntion for discontinuing to work, provided such difeoarinuing is or shall be occaiioned by the Expiration or other Termination of the Prohibition of the Ufc of Corn or Grain in the Diftillation, by or under the Authority of Parliament; any Thing in this or any other Ad or Ad* of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commiilioners of Excifc in Scotland, and they are hereby authorized and required, in csfe of the Termination, by or under the Authority of Parliament, of the Prohibition pf the Ufe of Corn or Grain in the Diftillation of Spirits, or of the Revival of the Laws which allow the Diftillation ot Spirits from Corn or Grain, before any licensed Diftiller in Scotland shall have distilled into Spirits the full Quantity of Wort or Wafh to which the Licence df any such Diftiller mall be limited, to pay and allow to such Diftiller out of the Duties ariflng by the Diftillery in Scotland, a Sum of Money equal to that which mall or may have been paid in advance by such Diftiller over and above the Quantity of Wort or Wafh made and Spirits actually distilled under and by virtue of any such Licence.

XV. (And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excife in Scotland to license any Still or Stills in Scotland for the Purpofe of distilling Spirits from Sugar, after the Diftillation from Corn or Grain shall be prohibited: Provided, that no such Licence shall be granted to commence and take Effed before the First Day of December Oae thousand eight hundred and eight; any Thing in any Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Diftiller or Diftillers in EnglandOr Scotland respectively, shall be allowed to make Entry for, or to make or distil any Spirits from Sugar for Exportation from England to Scotland, or from Scotland to England, at any other Time than from and after the First Day of December in each Year.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any such Prohibition as aforesaid, of the Ufe of Cora and Grain in the Diftillation of Spirits, shall cease and determine, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons in England or Scotland rcfpedivcly, to make Entry for and to make or diflil Spirits from Corn and Grain for Exportation from England to Scot-' land, or from Scotland to England, at any Time within Thirty Days ffom the Period when such Prohibition shall cease and determine ; Provided also, that no such Entry shall have Effed for any longer Period than until the First Day of 0Sober then next ensuing, nor shall any such Entry be made or admitted while any Spirits distilled from Sugar, or any Materials for such Biftillation mall be remaining

on

A..D. 180S.

480 GEO. m.

.c. 15a.

«53

Licences for diftUling Spirit* from Sugir or Crain in Seot-

Yeast, in preparing Wort for Diltiliatkm, during the Pro-kibitkm, SOOL.

on any Part of the Premiles of fuchJDiftiller or Diftdlors 5 any Thing in this or any other Ad to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding^

XVIII. Provided also, and be it farther enacted, That it'(hall and may be lawful tp and for the Commissioners of Excife in Scotland, or the major Part of them, or to or for' the respective Collectors and ^ Supervifors of Excife in Scotland\ by and with the Leave and Appro-bation of the laid Commissioners, to grant a Licence or Licences to any Perfon or Perfons to make or diitil Spirits from Sugar during any Period in which* the Diftillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain shall be prohibited, and also to grant Licences in like Manner to	v

any Perion or Perfons to make or distil Spirits from "Com'or Grain,	.

at any Time after the Diftillatidn of Spirits from Corn or Grain shall, by or under the Authority of Parliament, be permitted or allowed:

Provided also, that no such last mentioned Licence shall be grafted to take EffeCt before the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eight, nor for a longer Period than until the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and nine; any Thing in this or any other Ad to the contrary In anywise notwithstanding.

XIX* And be it further enacted, That if any Diftiller or Maker Penalty for tfiny of Spirits in Great Britain shall, during such Prohibition as aforesaid *nT Thing with of the Ufe of Corn or Grain in the Diftillation of Spirits, make ufe	;**ccf*

of or employ any Material, Commodity, Article or Thing whatfo-^ver in brewing, making, or preparing Wort or Wafh for Diftillation, save and except pure Yeaft necessary for fermenting the Wort or Wafh, and save ana except Sugar in the State in which the lame shall have been imported iuto this Kingdom, and without the fame having been previoufiy diluted with Water or other Liquor, or undergone any Procefs'or Manufacture whatever to alter the lame, every Diftiller or Maker of Spirits so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds ; and every Servant of any Servants, 50L such Difliller or Maker of Spirits, and every other Perfon who during such Prohibition of the Ufe of Corn or Grain as aforesaid shall be aiding and assisting in the using of any other Material, Commodity,

Article, or Thing whatsoever in brewing, making or preparing of Wort or Wafh for Diftillation, or in the making or diddling of Spirits, except pure Yeaft and Sugar as aforesaid, shall also, for each and every .fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and in Default of Payment shall suffer Three Months Imprifonment.

XX.	And be it further enaCled, That no Diftiller or Maker of Penalty on Spirits shall at any Time while he, she, or they shall have in his, her, pullers having or their Cuftody any Wort or Wafh for Diftillation, made or pre-	or *

pared from Sugar, or while he, (lie or they shall be preparing or Grain, beyond making any Wort or Wafh from Sugar, or diddling or extrading a certain Low Wines or Spirits fresh Wort or Wafh so made qr prepared, take Quantity, $0*1* or receive into, or have or keep in his, her or their Cuftody or Pof-feffion any Molaffes exceeding the Quantity of One Pound, nor any Wheat, Barley, Malt, Oats, Rye, Bear, or Big, which shall have been ground, excepting Malt not exceeding Five Quarters, or Wheat Meal or Wheat Flour not exceeding One Quarter, nor any Beer Grounds, Brewers' Tilts, or Worts gr Wafh made or prepared from \ any Material of Commodity whatsoever except Sugar, on Pain of forfeiting Five hundred Pounds.

XXI.	And be it further enacted That no Diftiller or Maker of Sugar shall not

Spirits shall take or receive into bis, her, or their Cuftody of Poflef- 5?	**	.	•

f	4	DiftilkninfiW*

Quantities*

fion,

A.D. i8o8,

*S4

ij*.

48* GEO. HI.

Notice to Officer then Sugar is taken In and lent out by the DiftiUer.

Penalty for Kegled lOol*

Dating the Prohibition no Stills flisll be used in England (except those of Sir Wt-BUhOfi, *o.) which within Two Years fhaJI have been vied in reftifjing Sp'u its; nor any Still of less than 0000 Gallons lor Diftillatiou tor Home

Gonfumption.

Account of Spirits on Hand made for Exportation to England, lie.

Son, for the Purpofe of Diftillation IntQ Spirits, any Quantity of Sugar less than One reputed Tierce or Hogfhead, on Pain of forfeiting One hundred Pounds.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That before any Distiller, or maker of Spirits, shall receive or take into his Cuftody or Poffeflion any Sugar for Diftillation into Spirits, he. (he, or they, (ball give to the proper Officer of Excife Twenty-four Hours Notice in Writing, fpe-cifying the true Number of Tierces or Hogfhead* of Sugar intended to be received or taken in, the Name and Place of Abode of the Perfon or- Perfons from whom such Sugar is to be received, and the Day on which it is intended to be taken in; and if any* DiftiUer'or

' Maker of Spirits shall have Occafion to fell or fend out any Sugar, every such Diftiller or Maker of Spirits shall in like Manner give to the proper Officer of Excife Twenty-four Hours Notice in Writing of his Intention to fend out such Sugar, and shall specify in every such Notice the true Quantity of Sugar intended to be sent out, and the Time when such Sugar is intended to be sent out or delivered, and the Name of the Perfon .to whom and Place to which such Sugar is intended to be sent; and if any Diftillei* or Maker of Spirits ihall neglect or refuse to give such Notice as aforesaid, or shall receive into or fend or deliver out of his Cuftody or PofTeflion any Sugar* without having given such previous Notice in Writing as aforesaid, every such Diftiller or Maker of Spirits shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXIII.	And be it. further enacted. That during the Prohibition of the Ufe of Corn and Grain in the Diftillation of Spirits as aforesaid, no Perfon shall be permitted to make use of any Still or Still-house, or other Place or Places, or Utenfils iii England, for ex trading or ditlilling Spirits from Sugar, which, within Two Years immediately preceding the Commencement of this Ad, shall have been used or employed in re&ifying or compounding of Spirits, save and except the Stills, Stil-houses, Utenfils, aud Places used by Sir William Btjhopy George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, at Maidfione, in the County of Kent, nor shall any Perfon be permitted to make or distil any Spirits whatsoever for the Confumption of England, during the said Prohibition, in any Still of less Capacity or Content than Three thoufaod Galions, unless in the Cafe of any Diftiller or Diiiillers who, within One Year immediately preceding the palling of this Ad, shall have in his entered Biftillery used or employed a Still duly entered of less Content for the Diftillation of Spirits from Com or Grain ; and if any Perfon or Perfons whalfoever shall make Entry Or Ufe of any Diftil-houfe or Premifes except as herein before excepted, every such Entry shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes; and all and every Perfons or Perfon who shall make use of any fucb Diftil house or Premifes for the distilling or making of Spirits, shall be subject and liable to all the Pains, Penalties, Fines, and Forfeitures to which Perfons tiling private or unentered Stills or Utenfils for making Spirits are or were iubjed or liable under any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force at and ftnmediately before the passing of this Adi.

XXIV.	Ar^d be it further enacted. That as soon after the passing of this Ad as any Diftiller or Maker of Spirits in Scotland for Exportation to England, shall have ceased working or making Spirits from Corn or Grain, it shall be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excife, in Scotland, and they are hereby authorized, empowered and te-

7	quired,

<55

48° GEO. IIL	€.15^.

quired, to cause an exact and true Account to be taken, by Quantity and Strength, of all the Spirits made in Scotland far Exportation to England, and which shall be at such Time remaining in Scotland, and shall cause such Account to be transmitted to the Commissioners of Excife in England/ and all such Spirits as may be legally imported from Scotland into England shall be accompanied with a regular Permit or regular Permits, lpecifying whether luch Spirits were made or distilled from Corn or from Sugar; and such Spirits as'lhall have been Dutira on distilled or made from Com, shall, upon Importation into England\ ImportatWu tats be charged and chargeable ^ith all tne Duties to which Spirits are EiqjUnd. or were subject and liable at and immediately before the jailing of this 1 Aft, any Thing herein to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That all Licences duly granted Licence* in in Scotland to retail Spirits made or distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain,

or other Brittfb Materials; shall be sufficient to authorize and empower all Perfons, having any such Licence, to retail Spirit* distilled or Malt, &c. made in Great Britain from any Materials whatsoever, without Pay- sufficient for ment of any other or further Duty than is by Law payable for Li- Safe of other cences to retail Spirits made or distilled from Com or Grain; any ^pint*.

Thing in any Adi of Parliament to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Duties shall bo Duties by this Aft imposed, shall (except as herein otherwise specially “ former directed or provided) be raised, levied, colleftcd, recovered, iecured, Uutl€**

and paid by such Perfons, at such Times, and in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, and under such Management, and under and subject to all and every the Rules, Regulations, Reitriftions,

Conditions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and with such Powers of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and with and subject to such and the like Powers, Rules, and Direftiorfs, and by such Methods, and in such Manner and Form (except as before excepted) as the several and respective Duties on Worts or Wa(h for Diftil-lation, and on Licences upon Stills, and also on Spirits, are or were provided, prescribed, cr directed by any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force immediately before and at the Time of palling this Aft in relation to the Duties on Wort or Wa(h, or Spirits or Licences upon Stills, or for the Security or due Colleftion of the said last mentioned Duties, or for preventing Frauds and Evalious thereof, or for the Regulation of the Diftillcries; and all the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions, Conditions, Penalties, and Forfeitures mentioned, and contained in the said Afts (except as before excepted) shall be practised and put in Execution for afeer-taining, railing, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, or paying the several and respective Duties by this' Aft imposed, in Manner in the said Afts dirested, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were particularly repeated and re-enafted in this Aft.

XXVII.	Aiuf be it further enacted, That nothing in this Aft Former A3* contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to repeal rnnam in or alter any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force immediately before so.rcc»

the pasting of this Aft, relating to the distilling or making Spirits In	tothU

England or Scotland, or any of the Claufes or Provifoes therein. Aft.

(favc and except the Duties and Drawbacks by this Aft exprefoly. suspended, and save and except so far as any such Aft or or the

f Clauses,

A.D. i8o&

6$6

C.is%l

48« oeo. nr.

Itteovery \ Application of

Claufes* Provisions, Power*, or Authorities therein contained or granted are expressly repealed, suspended, reyoked, altered, contraAed or controlled by this present A6t, or repugnant to any of the Provifions herein contained,) but that all and lingular the said former A6U and the several Proviftons, Rules, Regulations, Powers, and Authorities therein contained or granted, and the Pams, Penalties and Forfeitures incurred or thereby imposed or provided for any Breach or Non-obfervance of the fame (except as aforefaid) shall remain and continue in as full Forte and Effect as if this A& had not been made; any Thing herein to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, imposed by this A6t, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Wavs, Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be lued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by A&ion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majeity’s Courts of Record at Weftminjler* or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture (haO be to His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefEbrs, and the other Moiety to him cr them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the fame.

XXIX.	‘ And whereas it is by this A£t intended Jthat the Duties of

*	Cuftoms on Sugar imported, so far as any such Sura* shall be ufed

*	or employed in the Diilillation of Spirits in Great Britain* shall be

*	paid into the Receipt of His Maieity’s Exchequer, as Part of the

*	Duties arising from the Diftillation of Spiritsbe it therefore

For tfremiiung enacted, That as Toon as convenient after the Tenth Day of Q&obtr* and applying	the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April* and the Fifth

?Ufl!r °f	Day of July* in each Year, and also as soon as convenient after the

Rnear rtxTiti Expiration or otjier Termination of this A 61, the Commissioners of

Excife, or the major Part of them in England* shall certify to the Commissioners of the Cuftoms in England* the Number of Gallons of Wort or Wafh made or prepared From Sugar for Diilillation into Spirits in England; and the Quantity of Sugar used and employed is making or preparing such Wort or Wafh, reckoning or computing One hundred Weight of Sugar for every Fifty-four Gallons of Wort or Wafh so made or prepared as aforesaid, and the said Commissioners of Cuftoms in England (hail, and they are hereby authorized and required, on the -Receipt of such Certificate, to pay or cause to be paid, out of the Money arising by the Duties,on Sugar, to the Per-fon appointed by the Commissioners of Excife in England to receive the Duties of Excife at the Chief Office of Excife in London* a Sum of Money equal to the full Duties of Cuftoms on the Sugar so computed to h ive been used or employed in the making Qr preparing such Quantity of Wort or Wa(h for Diilillation as aforesaid ; and the Receipt of the Perfon so appointed by the Commissioners of Excife in England to receive the Duties of Excife at the Chief Office of Excife in London* shall be a sufficient Difcharge to the Commissioners of the Cuftoms, or the Perfon ordered by them to pay over the said Money; and as soon as convenient after the before* mentioned Quarter-days respectively, and also after the Expiration or other Termination of this Act, the Commissioners of Excde, or the major Part of them in Scotland, shall certify to the Commissioners of the Cuftoms in Scotland the Number of Gallons of Spirits made or distilled in Scotland, and the Quantity of Sugar used in distilling or '	making

pSilUtion.

A»D« 1808.

,	j

48® GEO. III.	C.152.	6$7

making such Spirits, reckoning or computing One hundred Weight of Sugar for every Ten Gallons and a Half ofSpirits so charged with Duty as aforesaid; and the Commiflioners of Cuftoms in Scotland shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, on the Receipt' of such Certificate, to pay or cause to be paid, out of any Money arifipg by the Duties on Sugar, to the Receiver General of Excife in Scotland, a Sum of Money equal to the full Duties of Cuftoms on the Sugar so computed to have been used or employed in the distilling or making such Quantity of Spirits as aforesaid; and the Receipt of, the said Receiver General of Excife in Scotland shall be a fuffident Difcharge to the said Commiflioners of Cuftoms in Scotlandf or to the Pcrfon ordered by them to pay over the said Money, ^

XXX.	And be it further enacted. That all the Money an(ing from Application of the Duties by this Adi imposed, including the Duties or, Sums of Duties.

Money diredfced to be' paid over by the Commiflioners of Cuftoms,

(hall from Time to Time (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted) be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wcjlminjlcr, and Two-third Parts of the said Money shall be carried to and be made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain, and the other Third Part of the said Money shall be kept separate and apart from the other Branches of the Publick Revenue, and there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the said Receipt of Exchequer a Book or Books in which all Money arising by the laft-mentioned One-third Part of the Money aforesaid shall be entered separate and apart frpm all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, upon any Account whatever; and the said laft-mentioned One-third Part of the feud Monies, so paid into the said Receipt, shall from Time to Time, as the fame shall be paid into the said Receipt, be iftiied and applied to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in this present Seffioft of Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thoufond eight hundred and eight, or shall be voted by the Commons for the Service of any subsequent Year; and the Commissioners of His Majefty’s Treasury now and for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are and is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the fame accordingly.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That this Adi shall comment© Commencement and. take Effect from and upon the Day on which the Diftillation of of AA.

Spirits from Corn or Grain shall, by virtue or in consequence of any E®* 4®	*•

AGt or Ads of Parliament palled or to be passed, be prohibited.	c* 11

U Q

48-Ceo, in.

LOCAL

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

*

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

N. B.—The Continuance of such of the following Ads as are temporary will he known (where it is not expressly fated) by referring to the following Lift, according to the corre/ponding Letter in the Title•

(a) For 21 Tears 9 &c. [i. e. to thrEnd of the then next Seftton] from a Day named in the Ad*

For 21 Tears 9 hfc* from the patting of the Ad*

(f } For 21 Tears, tttc* after the Enafthe Term under former Ads*

AU Ads in this Lift, not diftingui/bed by the Letters (q.P.^ are Publics Acts ; to each of which is annexed a Claufe in the Form following :	0

“ And be it further enacted, That this Ad shall be deemed * and taken to be a Publick Ad, and shall be judicially taken “ Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without u being specially pleaded/’

(q. P.) Quafi-Publick Ads, i. e. Ads to each of which is annexed a Claufe in the Form following :

“ And be it further enacted, That this Ad shall be printed “ by the Printer to the King’s mod Excellent Majesty, and a “ Copy thereof, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof “ by all Judges, Justices, and others.”

92 G. 3. c. 127-

u G. 9.

c. 9. end alto 41 G C, cxixii.

9 G. 3. c. 70. 13 G. 3. c. 9.

06 G. 3.. c.-90.

Cap« i«

AN Ad to continue and amend an Ad of the Thirty-fccond Year of His present Majeity, for repairing the Road from the Town of Middleton in Teefdale% to the Gate in the new Indosures, called The Edge* in the Parifli of Saint Andrew9s Auckland* and a Branch therefrom to Egglejlon Bridge9 in the County of Durham. (b)

„	[nth	March	*808. j

Cap. ii.

An Ad for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Ad. of His present Majesty, for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching the Streets and Publick Paflages in the City of frtnchefter9 and several PariOies in the Suburbs thereof, and for removing and preventing Nuifances therein,	[nth	March	180&J

Cap. lit*

An Ad for amending and enlarging the Powers of the several Ads relating to the Oxford Canal Navigation.	[nth March 1808.3

34 G. 3. c. 103. 39 G. 3. c. v. 47 G. a. 11. a. e. ix.

SO. a. c. 64. 97 G, 4. c. 72.

Cap.

IV.

An Ad for continuing and amending Two,Ads of the Fifth and * Twenty-feventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the

A.D. 1808.

C*	••

. IV—Xll

48® GEO. III*.

Road from Hurflgrcen to the Extent of the Parifh of Bunvafb, in the County of Suffex. {b)	[nth	March	1808.3

Cap. v.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Scole Bridge to Bury St. Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk. {b)	[1	ith	March	1808.	j

Cap. vi.

An Aft for enclosing Lands in Chapel Allerton, in the Well Riding of the County of Tork. (q. P.)	[\iihMarch 1808.J

Cap. vii.

An Aft for continuing the Term, and inlarging the Powers of Three Afts, for repairing the Road from Northallerton^ through Thirfk and Eajinvnvoldy to Burton Stone9 near the City of Tork, and alto . the Road from Thirjk to Tapclisse, in the County of Tork. (a)

[21ft March 1808.]

Cap. viii.

.An Aft to enable the Company of Proprietors of the East London Water Works to purchase certain other Water Works, and to amend an Aft of the Forty-feventb Year of His present Majesty relating to the said East London Water Works,

[21ft March 1808.]

11 The East London Water Works Company empowered to purchase “ the Shadwell and WeffHam Water Works from the London Dock «« Company.”

Cap. ix.

An Aft for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the Parifh of Saint Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, ia the County of Surrey, and regulating the Poor thereof.

[21ft March 1808.3 [5rr 44 Geo. 3. c. Ivii. a Jimilar A3.2

Cap. x.

An Aft to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Afts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Hinckley to Melbourne Common, ana other Roads in the said Afts mentioned, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby, (b)

[21ft March 1808.3

Cap. xi.

An Aft for completing the Improvement of the Port of Brtflol.

•	[21ft	March	1808.3

u Brtflol Dock Company empowered toraife 180,000/. additional.— 41 Works shall be completed by ift May 1809, or ^e Rates granted “ under former Afts shall cease.—New Tonnage Duties granted s— 4* And also New Rates on Goods imported.”

Cap. xii.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Eafmgfon9 in the North Riding of the County of Tork. (q. P.)	[21ft	March	1808.3

U u	w Nf|

»5!>

sg.s. e,«r; 28 G. 3. e.

26 G. 2. e. 7s. 18 G. 3. c. 92.' 34 G. 3. c. lie,

3Sc4W.<t%i

c. 37.

91 G. 2. e. 8. 40 G. 3. c.xhriw 47 G. 3. ft. 9. c. v. & c. Ixiufe

.83 G.'2. C. 46. 14 G.3. C. no.

43 G. 3. C. «l. 46 G. 3. C.SjpCfi

*6*

AD. 1808.

aao. 9.

11 G. 2. .* G. 3. 2^ G. 3.

41 G. 3 C. cxxvii

0 G.n.

25 G.a

\

42 G. 3

xu—xx.'	48° GEO. IH.

“ No Leafe by the Rtftor of Lands allotted under this Aft valid, *k without Confent of the King as Patron of the Reftory. § 16

N

Cap. xiii.

c. 110. An Aft for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Aft of Hk . present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Bamjley Canal Navigation, and certain Railways and other Roads to communicate therewith ; and fur increasing the Rates, Tolls, and Duties thereby granted. '	*	[28th	March 1808.]

Gap. xir.

4t An Aft to continue, several Afts for granting a Duty of Two Pennies c. *28.	Scots upon Ale and Beer brewed iu the Town of Aberbrothock, in

c.46.	the County of Forfarr (c)	[28th March 1808.]

*	' Cap. xlr.

An Aft for making and maintaining a Road from Leeds to Roatiday, in the Welft Riding of the County of Tori. (a)

[28th March i8o8.j

Cap. xvi.

An Aft for incloiing Lands in the Townfhip of Miner a, in the Pariih of Wrexham» in the County of Denbigh. (q. P.)

{[28th March 1808.]

“ An Allotment of One-twentieth of the Common to His Majesty “ as entitled to the Soil and Seigniority as Part of the Revenues of “ the Principality of Wales. § 1. 23.—Extraft of Award shall be transmitted to Surveyor of Land Revenue. $ 30.—Saving of the “ King’s Right6 and Profits of Manerial Jurifdiftion. § 38/*

’	Cap.	xvii.

An Aft for regulating the Statute Labour, and repairing the Highways and Bridges, in the County of Dumbarton. [b)

£i4th April 1808.J

Cap. xviii.

An Aft for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Croydon Canal to complete the lame.	[14th April 1808.]

“ Company empowered to raise 30,000/. Additional.’*'

Cap. xix.

c. 93. An Aft for continuing the Term of Two Afts of His present Ma-. c. 103. jefty, for amending the Road from the Town of Btddenden9 to join the Turnpike Road which leads from AJbford to Feverfbam* at Boundgate, in the County of Kent, (r)	[14th April 1808.]

Cap. xx.

Ck ^ An Aft for altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Aft, of the Forty-fecond Year of His Majefty’s Reign, a9 relates to building and maintaining a House of Correftion in and for the City and County of Aberdeen.	[i4thy^prfV 1808. J

“ Power to raise further Sums on Credit of the Rates.”

A »D.i 808.

i

48° GEO. III.	C.	xxi—OCXViii.

€61

Cap, xxi.

An Aft for better affeffing and collecting the Poor and other Rates, v 1 in the Parifh of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surrey,	,y

and regulating the Poor thereof.	[14th	April	1808.J	.

Cap, ix. and Note there*]

Cap./ xxii.

An Aft to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Aft of King William ia & i* w. 3. the Third, for erecting Hofpitals and Workhouses, in the Borough c. 6. pr. of King9* Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there. [14th April 1808.]

Cap, xxiii.

An Aft for amending and rendering more effectual an Aft passed in 13 g. 3. c.fio. the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for draining and preferring certain Lands and Grounds in the Pariihes of Tid Saint Giles, and Newton in the JJle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and iti'Tid Saint Mary's, in the County of Lincoln, and for adding thereto certain other Lands in Tid Saint Mary's aforesaid, lying contiguous to the Lands deferibed in the said Aft.

[14th April 1808.J

Cap, xxiv.

An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the i<i% 3. c. «$. Powers of Two Afts of His present Majesty, for repairing the *6G. a. c. 146. Road from Barton IVaterftde House to Rifiham Hedge Comer, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Lincoln• (c) •

£ ¥4th April 1808.]

Cap, xxv.

An Aft to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of 37 G. a. c.71. an Aft of His present Majesty, for making and repairing a Road from the West End of Gainjborough Bridge to East Retford, and' to Gringley-upon-the-Hill, in the County of Nottingham• (r)

[14th	1808.]

Cap, xxvi.

An Aft to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of i8 G. 9. c. 16. Three Afts of His late and present Majesty, ior repairinetbe Road 11 G.3. c. b-i. from Tadcajler Bridge,'within the County of the City of Tork, to 32 G. a. c. i5S. a Place called Hobmoor Lane End. (a)	[14th April i8o&»J

Cap, xxvii.

A" Aft for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the 6 G. 3. c. 59. Powers of Two Afts of His present Majesty, for repairing and 37 G. a. c, 86. widening the Road from Beverley by Molefcroft to Kendell House, and from Molefcroft to Bainton Balk, in the County of Tori, (b)

[14th April l8o8.]]

Cap, xxviii.

An Aft for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of several 26g. 9. c. 40. Afts for repairing the Road from CarliJU to Penrith, * and from 19 G. a. c. 97. Penrith to Eamont Bridge, in the County of Cumberland, (a) asG.s.r.xxn^.

[14th April 1808.]

U u 3

661

C. xxix—xxxviL

1808.

so G. 3. C. 76* gpG.a. c. 97.

f G. 3. c. 7T. }1 G. 3. c. 31.

6 G. 3. c. 69. 36 G. 3. C. 134.

16 G. 0. c. 75. 36G.8. c. 144.

6'G. 3. t.18. 37. P» 6. || 88*

S C. 3. c. 66. 37 G. 3. c. 70*

48? GEO. IlL

Cap. xxix.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from New Cbappel, in the County of Surrey, to Ditcbeiing Bofi Hills, in the County of Sitffex 5 and for amending the Road from Ditcbeiing Bofi Hills to Bright-belmfione, in the County of Suffex. [b)	[14th	April 1S08.3

Cap* xxx.

An Ad for enlarging-the Term and Powers of Two Ads, palled ia the Seventh and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Sternal AJb, in the County of tyarmcl, through Studley, to the Town of Birmingham. (r)

[14th April 1808.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Ad for making and maintaining a Road from the Wirkfworib Turnpike Road, in the Hamlet of Idcridgcbay, to the Town of Duffield, in the County of Derby* (a)	[14th	April 1808.3

Cap* xxxii.

Air Ad to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Ads of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cromford Bridge to Langley Mill, in the County of Derby• (r)

N	[14th	April 1808.]

Cap* xxxiii.

An Ad to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Ads of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Market Cross, in the Townftiip of Clitberoe, to Salford Bridge, in the Town of Blackburn, for diverting a Part of the said Road, and for making a Branch of Road to communicate with the Black-burn and Prefion Road, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (a)

[14th April i8o8.j

Cap* xxxiv.

An Ad to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Ads of'His present Majesty, so far as the lame relate to the Two Diftri&s of Roads therein deferibed, leading from High Bridges to Uttoxeter, and from Spatb to the Halfway from thence to itanging Bridge, in the County of Stafford* (b)

[14th April 1808.3

Cap. xxxv.

An Aft forinclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Gay wood and MintJyn, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)	[ 14th April 1808.3

'Cap*, xxxvi.

An Ad for inclosing Lands in the Pariihes of Thakebam, SuRington, and Shipley, in the County of Suffex* (q. P.) [14th April 1808.3

Cap• xxxvii.

An Ad to continue and amend Two Ads for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road at Wrotbam Heath, in the CouaLy of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godfione, in the County of Surrey. (c)	[27th	May 1808.3



A.D. i8ot<

C. xxrviii—xliii,

663

48* GEO. III.

0

Cap. xxxviii^

An Aft to continue the Term, and alter the* Powers, of Two Afts, c g. 3. e. §7.

' for repairing the Road from the Mansfield and Chesterfield Turn- S8G. 3. c. so. pike Road# to Buntingfield Nook, in the County of uerby ; and for making a new Road from Tupton Nether Green to Stubbing Edge Lane and Knot Cross, in the said County, (r)	[27th May 1808.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Aft~for inclosing Lands in the Parifties of Great Walfinghamy Little Walfingham, and Houghton next Walfingham, in the County of Norfolk• (q. P.)	[27th May 1808.3

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes*]	*

Cap. xl.

An Aft to alter and amend an Aft, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year j*g. 3. c. n» of His present Majesty, for draining, preserving, and improving, certain Low Grounds and Carrs, in the several Parifties of Saint John of Beverley, and of Skidhy, in the E&ft Riding of the County of York*	[27th May 1808.]

Cap* xli.

An Aft for building a Bridge over the River Nefs9 at Invemefsy widening certain Streets, improving the present Harbour, extending the Royalty, supplying the Inhabitants with Water, regulating the Police> and lighting the Streets of the said Burgh.

[27th May 1808.]

“ Pontage Duties granted. § 3. Powers to improve Harbour. § n.’*

XII.	And be further enacted. That if any Perfon or Perfon^ what- Peraftyo* soever shall, after the puffing of this Aft, wilfully and maliciously fet defer on Fire any of the Pjers, Quays, Jetties, Breaus, or other Works in or belonging to the said Harbour, or any of the Materials intended	*

for any of the said Works, every such Perfon or Perfons so offending, upon being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of . Felony, and shall funer Puniftiment by Tranfportation, Fine, or Im-prifonment, at the Difcretion of the Judge or Judges before whom such Offender'or Offenders shall be tried ana convicted.

“ Rates on Merchandize shipped or landed at the Harbour, according “ to a Schedule. § 19.—The Royalty 4>f the Burgh of Invent]*

“ extended, § 33.”

Cap* xlii.

An Aft for regulating the Police of the Barony of Gorlatsy in the County of Lanerk\ paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets' andTPaflages thereof, erecting a Bridewell or Workhoufe therein, and for other Purpofes relating thereto.	[27th May 1E08.J

“ Continuance of Aft as to levying Affeffinents and appointing Qffi*

“ cm 5 14 Years, fitc. from the passing of the Aft.** ,

Cap* xliii.

An Aft for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parifti of Manchejterf in the County Palatine of Lancajler* *

. [37th May 1808.*]

Uu4	“Jurisdiction

664	C. xliii—xlvii.	48° GEO. in.	A.D.1808*

* “ Jurifdiftion extends to 5/.—A Barrifter of Six Yean fhmding to 4< be appointed by His Majesty, or by the Chancellor of the Duchy “ of LaticaRcr, to be Chairman of the Commifiioners, with a calling 4i Vote.—Record of Judgment may be removed into Superior Courts* €( and Execution issued thereon.”

Cap. xliv.

An Aft for the further Supply of the City and Suburbs of Glasgow, and Places adjacent, with Water.	1	[27th May 1808.3

Cap• xlv.

46 G. 9.	An Aft for paving, cleaning, watching, lighting, and regulating the

c. court. '	Streets, and other publick Places, within the Town of Fermoy* in

the County of Corky and for removing and preventing Nuifances and Obitruftions therein, and for eftabhfhing a proper Police in the said Town.	[27th	May 1808.3

Cap. xlvi.

An Aft for making a Railway from or near to the Town of Kilmarnock in the County of Ayr, to a Place called The Troon, m the said County.	[27th	May 1808.3

« The Kilmarnock and Troon Railway Company incorporated, $ 1.”

TVftroymg the LXV- And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon shall wil-Worlcs, iingie fully, maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the (aid Undertaking, felony.	break, throw down, damage, destroy, steal, or take away any Part

of the said Railway, or other Works to be erected and made by virtue of this Aft, every Perfon offending, and being thereof lawfully convisted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cafes of Felony; and the Court by or before whom such Perfon shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Perfon to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws of Scotland, or in Mitigation of such Punifh-ment, such Courts may, if they shall think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cafes of arbitrary Punifhment.

Cap. xlvii.

An Aft for the Improvement of the Harbour of Troon• situate on the West Coaft of the County of Ayr•	[27th May 1808.3

,	* TT7 HE REAS Her late Majesty Queen Anne, by Charter bear-

4 W ing Date the Fifth Day of Augttft, and sealed at Edinburgh 4 the Tenth Day of 0Sober, in the Year of our Lord One thoufaud 4 seven hundred and seven, granted to William Fullerton and his Heim, 4 therein mentioned, the Port, Marine Station, and Harbour of Troon, 4 therein declared to be a Free Port, Marine Station, and Harbour,

. 4 with Power to improve, repair, erect, and build the fame, for receiv-4 ingall Ships, Boats, and other Veffels, and. to levy and apply to 4 their own use the Anchorages, and all petty Cuftoms, Casualties, 4 and Duties thereof: And whereas the faia Harbour of Troon, which 4 is situate on the West Coaft of the County of Ayr, in its prefect 4 State, does not afford sufficient Security and Accommodation to 4 Veffels lying therein: And whereas by erecting Piers or Ramparts,

4 enlarging the laid Harbour, and making a Wet Dock, wfth a 4 cfefit Quay or Quays thereto for tho convenient loading and unloading

A»D«i8oS»

46° GEO. III.	C.	xlvii,	xlviii.	£65

*	of Ships, and by making and maintaining such other Works as may

*	be necessary for their Reception and convenient lying therein, the 4 said Harbour would be rendered safe and commodious to the gfeat 4 Benefit of Owners of Veffels, Merchants, and others, trading to and 4 from the fame, aud weald be of pubiick Utility : and whereas the 4 Mod Honourable William Henry Ca'uendijb Bentinck Scott* com-4 monly called Marquis of TitchfeUL now claims to be Proprietor of 4 the said Harbour, and is desirous, at his own Expence, of enlarging

*	the said Harbour, and of erecting, making, aud maintaining the laid 4 Wet Dock, Piers or Ramparts, Quays and such other Works as are 4 necessary for the Improvement of the said Harbour, and Accom-

*	modation of Veffels lying therein ; but as the said Anchorages, petty 4 Cuftoms, Cafualtics, and Duties, would be inadequate to such his ‘ Purpose, and have not been properly afeertained, it would be ex-4 pedient that the fame should be aboliihed, apd that other Rates and 4 Duties should be granted and made payable: But as the fame cannot 4 be effected without the Authority of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it cnafted by the King’s molt Excellent Majcily, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the lame, That it shall Power to make *nd may be lawful to and for the Proprietor or Proprietor* of the said Wet Docks, &c. Harbour for the Time being, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, to ereCt, conitruCt,

make, build, do, maintain, and support such Wet Docks, Entrances,

Piers, or Ramparts, Quays, Buoys, and such other Works, as he, (he, or they shall deem necessary or expedient for the Improvement of the said Harbour of Troon* and for the Reception and Accommodation of Sfups.and Vuflels lying therein, and for the convenient lading and unlading of such Ships and Veffels.1

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Perfon and Pentlty on def-Perfons whomsoever, who shall at any Time or Times hereafter ^j^y”*** ' wilfully or designedly demolish, break down, destroy, or fet on Fire < the said Wet Docks, Piers, Quays, Wharfs, or any of them, or any ' the Works which shall be conftruCtetf in, or which shall belong to the said Harbour, or shall prilfully do any Damage to any of the Shipping pr Goods within the fame, or shall wilfully or designedly extinguish or put out any of the Lights used in or belonging to the said harbour, for the Safety or Protection of the Ships or other Veffels resorting to the fame, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and the Court by and before whom such Perfon or Perlons shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Perfon or Perfons to be transported for the Term of Seven Years, or in Mitigation of Punifh-pent may award Sentence of Fine or Imprifonment, at the Difcretion of the Judge or Judges before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried and coaviCfced.

Cap. xlviii.

An ACt for making a navigable Cut from the East Side of the RivCr Tees, near Stockton* into the said River near Port rack* in the County of Durham ; and niaking various other Improvements in the Navigation of the said River between the Town of Stockton, pod the Sea.	[27th May 1808.	J

« The

666

C. xlviii—-Iv.	48* GEO. III.	A.D.1808.

“ The Tees Navigation Company incorporated.—Tonnage Duties, « and LfighuHouie Duties, granted.9’

Capsxlixt

ai G. 3: c.-59. An A& to amend and enlarge the Powers of the frrenil Ads relating

3« 0.3. c.xx*i.	to the IVorcejler and Birmingham "Canal Navigation.

44Q,a. e.»uT.	,	[27th	May	1808.J

u The Company empowered to raise a further Sum of 168,000/.: «♦ and 40,ocq/, more* if necessary.”

Cap. I.

An Ad for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundred of Codjbcaih, and other Places therein men-tioned, in the County of Kent,	[27th	May	1808.]

u Jurifdidion, 5/. $ 14.—Not to extend to Complaints refpcding ^ Servants and their Wages* provided for by 10 Geo. ?. €.19. and ■ M 31 Geo. 2. c. 11.*-Record of Judgment removeable into Superior <* Court* and Execution thereon.—No Privilege to Attornies/*

«

Cap, li.

ax G. a. c.37. An A A for enlarging the Powers of an Ad. of His prelent Majefty* for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts withm the City of Rochejkr, the Parifh of Strcod, and several other Parifhet and Places in the County of Kent,	[27th	May	1808.3

[ Jurijdulion extended to 5I.]

*G.a. e. 7S. 3*0.3. c. S3.

>* G. 3. c. 4. 7 G. 3. c. 70. 36 G. 3. c. 95.

*7 G. 3. c. 371.

IrKh Arts,.

3;» G. 9. *. 19. 15Kc 16 G. 3. c. 12 Repealed.

Cap. lii.

An A& for continuing the TeVm, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Maidjl^ne to Key Street, in the County of Kent. (r)

[27th Afoy 1808.]

Cafi liii.

An KB, for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of Three Ads of His late and present Majesty, for repairing* the Road leading from the Town of KingJton-upen~Hull9 to and through the Town of Anl^by, and from thence to the Town of Kiri Ella\ in the County of the said Town of Kingflon-upon-Hull. (c)

[27th May 1808.]

Cap. liv.	%

An Ad to continue the Term, and enlarge, the Powers, of an Aft for,repairing the Road from Kinross, in the County of Kinrojs, to 1 Alloa, in the County of Clackmannan• (6)	[27th	May	1808.]

Cap, lv.	■*

An Ad for repairing the Road from the Town of Athey in the County of Kildare, to the Town of Cajllecomer9 in the County of K'dkumy, and to the Town of Leighlin Bridge in the County of Carlow, and from the Town of Carlow to the laid Town of Cafileeamer.

[27th May 1808.]

A.D. 180&

C.lvi—Ixiw

(67

4$# GEO. lit

Cap. Ivi.

An Ad to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of i2 o. a. c. n. Three Ads of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road ai G. a. c. to. from Chefierfield* in the County of Derby to Worksop, in the County a. <* 152. of Nottingham* and other Roads in the said Ads mentioned, so far as the lame relate to the Read from Chefierfield to Wor if op. (b)

[27th May 1808.3

v	Cap. lvii.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of His prelent ysG.3 .c.99»fr, Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Nottingham and Mansfield Turnpike, in the Liberty of Blidworth to the ColKerr near Pinxton Green* in the County of Nottingham. (r) [aytn May i8o8.j

Cap. Jviii.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His 4 G. 3. «. s«. present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ifiorlfop* in the 26G.3. %ias* County of Nottingham* to AttercTtjfe, in the County of Tori. (4)

[27th J/jy 1808.3

Cap. lix.

An Ad for continuing and amending an Ad, passed in the Twenty* 27 G. a. o 76* seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Nottingham to the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham• {b)	*	127th	May	1808.	j

Cap. lx.

An Ad for amending an Ad, passed in the last Seflion of Parliament, 47 G. 3. ft. *• for making and maintaining Roads from Percy*s Croft to Milfield c. xiii.

Burn, ana from JVooler to Bowfdon Bum» in the County of Northumberland.	[27th	May	1808.J

[New Tolls granted.]

Cap. Ixi.

An Ad to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Ads, for repairing the Road from Tunbridge Wells* in the County of Kent* to Ringles Croft* near Ucifield* in the County of Sujfex. (c)

[27th May 1808.3

Cap. Ixii.

An Ad lor taking down and rebuilding the Key Bridge across the River Alton in the Borough of Tewkefbury* in the County of Gloueefier, and for making and forming convenient Roads thereto.

[27th May 1808.3

44 Pirfent Bridge may be pulled down by Truftees, and a temporary 44 Bridge erected till the new Bridge, to be built under this Ad, is «4 completed. § 14.54.”

L. And be it further enacted. That if any Perfon or Perfons shall wilfully blow up, pull down or destroy the present Bridge or the said temporary Bridge, or the said new Bndge, or any* Pier or Piers, Arch or Arches thereof,* or any Part or Parts thereof, or the Toll Houfes or Toll Gates, Side Bars or Chains erected or fet up or to be erected or fet up upon or near the said Bridges, or any of them, or any of the Works, Buildings or Ercdions made in pursuance of this Ad, or cause or procure or direct the fame to be done, every Perfon fo

4	offending

6 G. 3. r. 85. 14 G. 3. c. 97-

Penalty on injuring the Bridge,. ftngle Felony.

C. lxii—Ixix,

13 G. 1. C. 16. ^19 G. 2. c. 34. 6 G. 3. c. 83. 96 G. 3. c. 138. 22 G. 4. c. 8.

9 G. 3. •. 65. ftl G.3. c. 125.

12 G. 1. C. 9.

» G. 2. c. 6.

28 G.2. ft. 17* 4 G. 3. C. 70. 12 G. 3. c. 77*

5 G. 3. e. 70. 27 G. 3. c. 74.

25 G, 2. C. 22. 29 G'. 2. c. 93. 28 G. 3. c. 112.

7 G. 3. ft. 84. 12 G. 3. ft. 92.

5	G. 3. ft. 51.

6	G.3. ft. 23.

48° GEO. III.

1^.1^. I80&

offending on being convicted thereof shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and the Court before whdtn such Perfon shall be tried and conri&rd, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Perfon or Perfon s to be transported for the Term of Seven Years, or may in Mitigation of such Puniftunent pronounce such Sentence as the Law directs in Cafes of Petit Larceny.

*	, Cap. lxiii.

Aft Aft for repairing the Road from Fojlon Bridge, through the Town of Grantham, to the Divifion Stone on Witham Common, all ia the County of Lincoln, and for repealing several Afts relating thereto. («)	[27th	May 1808.J

24 G, 2* ft* 3, 27 G. 3. «. 92. All repelled as to Hoads uader this A£L

Cap. bciv*

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His pre-fent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Macclesfield to Nether Tables, in the County of Cbefier, and for making a new Road horn Birttes to Macdefield aforeiaid. (0)	[27th	May	1808.]

Cap. lxv.

An Aft for the more effectually repairing a certain Road called The Wailing Street Road, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford. (a)	■ £27U1 May 1808.]

All repealed as to Roads under this Aft.

Cap. lxvi.

An Aft for pontinuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Afts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Key berry Bridge to the PafTage at SbalUon, and from the said Bridge to thp Pier or Harbour of Torquay, in the County of Devon. (b)	[27th	1808.	j

Cap. lxvii,

An Aft for continuing, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Aft of His late and prpfent Majesty, for amending the Road from Shrewfivry to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, and from Wrexham to Cbefier, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as respects the Cbefier Diftrift pf the said Roads. (£)	...	*	[jjth May 1808.]

Cap. Ixviii,

An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Afts of His present Majesty for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge Wells in the County of Kent, to SiviftfeLu, and from Frant to PoJJingworth Great Wqod; and for amending a certain Piece of Road communicating with the said Roads. (A)

[2^th May 1808.]

Cap. Ixix,

An Aft for removing Doubts as to the Application of certain Surplus Monies paid lor measuring, searching, and finding Cloth, in the West Riding of the County of Tori, under Two Afts of His present Majesty;	.	£*7th May 1808.]

t

* The

A.D.iSoft*

48° GEO. III.	C.	Ixix, Ixx.	669

“ The Surplus of Sums received for the Duties on meafnring, ftamp-“ iug, and foaling Cloths under the Ads, 5 G. 3. r. 51. Sc 6 G. 3.

“ r. 23. after t*he Application thereof under § 28, of the Ad,

44 5 G- 3- & § 24, l“e Ad, 6 G. 3. may be annually applied under U Order of the Michaelmas Quarter SeUions, in Payment of Coils tx and Expenses incurred by the Truftees of the mixed and White “ Cloth Halls, in Lcediy by Applications to Parliament, and Profe-cutions relating to the weaving and making of Cloth in the Wed “ Riding, and carrying the said Adis and this Adi into Execution.”

Cap< lxx.

An Adi to alter and amend an A61 of the thirty-firft Vear of H19 late Majesty fur the due making of Bread, to regulate the Price and Afiize thereof: and to punish Perfons who shall adulterate Meal,

Flour, or Bread, so far as the fame relates to the weighing of Bread to be baked and fold within the Weekly Bills of Mortality and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange. [27th May 1808.]

*	\X7HEREAS the Provifions and Regulations contained in the 31 G. t. «.19.

*	VV Statute made in the Thirty-firft Year of the Reign of His 4 late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An A8 for the

*	due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and AJJi%e thereof 4 and to punish Perfons *wbo shall adulterate Mealy Floury or Bready € so far as the fame relates to the weighing of Bread, and to the

*	punching of Perfons whose Bread shall be found deficient in Weight, t

*	have been found defective; and it is expedient that other Proviiions

*	and Regulations fiiould be made in lieu thereof in respect to thfe

*	weighing of Bread within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and within

*	Ten Miles of the* Royal Exchange, except as hereafter is excepted,

*	and the punishing of Perfons residing within those Limits whose 4 Bread shall be found deficient in WeightMay it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by* the King’s moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That So much of from and after the palling of this A61, so much of the said Ad as re- recited A&, lates to the weighing of Bread, and the punishing of Perfons whose i a4» a8#) Bread shall be found deficient in Weight, so far as the fame extends

to Perfons residing within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within in'vVeight ^

Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, except a9 hereafter is excepted, within the Bills shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and instead thereof, be it of Mortality, &c, x enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That replied, if any Perfon or Perfons residing within the ‘Weekly Bilb of Mortality, or within Ten-Miles of the Royal Exchange, except as afore-{aid, who shall make any Bread for Sale, or who shall fend out, or expose to or for Sale, any Bread, shall at any Time from and after the palling of this Ad, make, fend out, fell, or expose to or for Sale, any Bread which shall be deficient in Weight, according to the Afiize which shall be fot, for any such Bread, from Time to Time to be fold at, in pursuance of any Ad or Ads then in force for regulating the Price and Afiize of Bread, then it shall bevlawful for any Magi-ftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Jufticcs of the Peace, within tne Limits of their respective Jurifdidions, before whom any Information shall be given upon the Oath of One or more credible Wit-nefies of anytuch Deficiency in Weight; and alf6 for any Peace

,6	Officer

6ja

Mode of ft*iiihg end weighing Bread,

{Except in London;

See § 6.) fufpe&cd to be # deficient in Weight.

Penalty 5a. to is. per Onnce deficient.

Sellers of Bread Ihall keep Scales in their Shops, and weigh Bread for their Cuiiomen.

C. lx*.	48°	GEO.	in.	A.D.tSofcr

Officer or Officers authorized hy Warrant under the’Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any such Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Justices, (and which Warrant any such Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Justices, is and are hereby empowered to grant upon receiving such Information' upon Oath as aforefaid), at seasonable Times in the Dayttime, to enter into any House, Shop, Stall, Bakehouse, Warehouse, or Out-house, of or belonging to any such Baker or Seller of Bread, ag&inft whom such Information shall have been made as aforesaid, to search for, view, weigh, and try all such Bread as shall be then and there found, and fhafi have been baked within Twenty-four Hours next preceding the Time of the fame being so weighed, and which Bread may be weighed by the Bufhel, or in any larger or.fmaller Quantity, as mav be found most convenient: And'if on the weighing of such Bread any Deficiency Ihall be found in its due Weight, on the Average of the whole Weight of all such Bread as Audi be then and there found, and which shall have been baked within Twenty-four Hours as aforesaid, and which Deficiency shall be proved before such Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftke or Jufuces, upon the Oath or Oaths of the Party or Parties weighing the fame, then he or they so offending in the Premises, and being thereof convicted in Manner as by the (aid Ad is directed, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings, norlefs than One Shilling , for every Ounce of Bread which shall be found deficient in Weight on the Average of all such Bread as shall have been so weighed, and so in proportion for every Deficiency of Weight less than an Ounce, as any such Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Justices, before whom any such Deficiency in Weight shall be proved as aforesaid, shall think fit to order, except as hereafter is excepted: And any such Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Justices, Peace Officer or Peace Officers, within tne Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, may in such Cafe, where there is a Deficiency of Weight on the Avenge as aforesaid, seize all such Loaves as shall be found deficient in their due Weight; and any such Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Justices, may dispose thereof as he or they in his or their Difcretioo shall think fit, except it shall be proved to any such Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Justices, by or on the Behalf of the Parties again ft whom any such Information shall be made, by the Oath, or Affirmation, being a Quaker, of any One or more respectable Houfe-‘keeper, that such Deficiency in Weight wholly arose from some unavoidable Accident in baking, or othenvise, or was occasioned by or through some Contrivance or Confederacy.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Baker and Seller of Bread within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles ' of thfe Royal Exchange, except as aforesaid, shall have fixed iii some convenient Place of his or her Shop a Beam and Scales, with proper Weights of the Afiize Weight of a Quartern Loaf and an Half , Quartern Loaf 5 and that any Perfon or Perfons who may purchase any Quartern or Half Quartern Loaf or Loaves of Bread of any such Baker or Seller of Bread, may, if be, she, or they shall thiuk proper, require the fame to be weighed in his, her, or their Prefence; and if any such Loaf or Loaves shall be 'found deficient in Weight, then the Perfon or Perfons demanding the fame to be,fo weighed fhafi have the Deficiency made up with other Bread, or another Loaf or Loaves given in lieu thereof, as may be required.

JII. And

Ci 1st.

6jx

48° GEO. III.

III.	And be it further enacted, That any Baker dr Seller of Bread within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchanget except asaforesaid, who shall neglect to fix stich Beam and Scales in some convenient Part of his or her'Shop ; or to provide and keep for life proper Weights, or whose Weights shall he deficient in their due Weight, or who shall rcfiife to weigh any Quartern or Half Quartern Loaf or Loaves purchased in his, her, or their Shop, in the Prefence of the Party or Parties requiring the fame, he, (he, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings, as the Magillrate or Magiflrates, Juftice or Jufiicerf, before whom such Offender shall be convi&sd, *§011 think fit.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That all and Angular the Clauses, Provisions, and Direftions contained in the find recited Aft so far as the fame are not altered or repealed by this Aft, shall refpcftively extend and relate to this A61, so far as the fame are applicable to the Purpofes thereof, .and shall be exercised for putting the fame in Execution, and enforcing the Provifions and Direftions thereof, in such and the fame Manner as if the fame Claufes were herein contained, apd at large re-enafted ; and the Penalties by this A ft indieted, shall be recovered and applied in like Manner as the Penalties by the laid Aft infiisted, are directed to be recovered and applied by the fame Aft, or by any iubfequent Aft for amending the lame.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Mafter, Mill refs, Journeyman, or other Perfon respectively exercising, or employed in the Trade or Calling of a Baker, within the City of JJondont or within Twelve Miles of the said City, shall on the Lord’s Day, or on any Part thereof, make or bake any Houfehold or other Bread, Rolls, or Cakes, of any Sort or Kind, or shall, on any Part of the said Day, excepting between the Hours of Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon, ana One of the Clock in the Afternoon, on any Pretence whatsoever, fell or expose to Sale, or permit, or suffer to be fold, or exposed to Sale, any Houfehold or other Bread, Rolls, or Cakes of any Sort or Kind, or bake, or deliver, or permit or suffer to be baked or delivered, any Meat, Pudding, Pie, Tart, or Viftuals, except as hereinafter is excepted, or in any other Manner exercise the Trade or Calling of a Baker, or be engaged or employed in the Bufinefs or Occupation thereof, save and except so far as may be necessary in feting and superintending the Sponge, to prepare the Bread, or Dough, for the following Day’s Baking: And every Perfon offending against the foregoing Regulations, or any One, or more of them, or making any Sale or Delivery hereby allowed, between the Hours aforesaid, otherwise than within the Bakehoufe or Shop, and being thereof convicted before any Jullice of the Peace of the County, City, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, within Six Days from the Commiffion thereof, either upon the View of such Juftice, or on Confeflion by the Party, or Proof, by One or more Witnefs or Witneffes upon Oath, shall for every such Offence, forfeit, pay, and undergo the Forfeiture, Penalty, and Puniftunent, hereinafter mentioned, that is to fay, for the first Offence, the Penalty of Ten Shillings; for the second Offence, the Penalty of Twenty Shillings, and for the third, and^very subsequent Offence respectively, the Penalty of Forty Shilling, and shall moreover on every fuch* Conviftion, bear and pay the Cofts and Expences of the

Profecution,

Penalty for

SO*.

to As.

PmrmofAA 01 G. 2.C. 39* extended to this A£b

BA-en flail or*

bake Bread or Rolls on Sundays: nor fell Bread, tt«r bake Meat, " Pies, See. ' except from Nine till Om on Sundays.

Penalty first Offence JOs. Second, 20s>. Third, ike .ipa.

1

<?7*

C. lxxt lxxi.

A.D. 1808. 1

Rrcorm *nd

ApplkalluD

thereof*

Savin* th«

of the City of'Dndon, Ike.

48° GEO. HL

Profecution, such Cofts and Expences to be affeffect, fettled, and afeertained by the Juftice considing, and the Amount thereof, to* gether with such Part of the Penalty, as such Juftice shall think proper, to be allowed to the Profecutor or Profecutors, for Lofs of Time in inflituting and following up the Profecution, at a Rate not exceeding Three Shillings per Diem, and to be paid to the Profecutor or Profecutors, for his and their own Ufe and Benefit; and the Re-liduc of such Penalty to be paid to such Juftice, and within Seven Days after his Receipt thereof to be transmitted by him to the Churchwardens, or Overfeers of the Parifh or Parifhes where the Offence shall be committed, to be applied for the Benefit of the Poor thereof; and in cafe the whole Amount of the Penalty, aod of the Cofts and Expences, as aforesaid, be not paid within Fourteen Days after Conviftion of the Offender or Offenders, such Juftice (hail, and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, direft the fame to be levied and raised, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, and it) Default pr Infufficiency of such Distress, commit the Offender or Offenders, to the House of Cor* rection, on a first Offence, for the Space of Seven Days, on a second Offence for the Space of Fourteen Days, and on a third, or any subsequent Offence, for the Space of One Month, unless the whole of the Penalty, Cofts, and Expences be sooner paid and dil* charged; Provided, neverthcless, that it shall be lawful for every Matter or Miftrefs Baker, residing within the Limits aforesaid, to deliver to his or her Cuftomers on the Lord’s Day any Bakings, until Half an Hour past One of the Clock in the Afternoon of that Day, without incurring or being liable to any of the Penalties in this Ad contained*

' VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Aft or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend or be construed to exte.id to any Baker or other Perfrtn residing in, or carrying on the Trade or Bufincfs of a Baker, within the City of London* or the Liberties thereof, except so far as respects the exercising the Trade of a Baker on the Lord’s Day as aforesaid, or in any Ways to afieft, leflhn, or infringe upon the Rights and Privileges of tKe City of London* or of the Worfhipful Company of Bakers of the said City, or of tl* Wardmote Inquefts of the said City, or of the City or Liberties of WejlminPcr* or Borough of Southwark* or any Right or Cuftom of ar.v Lord or Lords of any Leets, or the Rights of any Clerk or Clerks of the Market in any Place which may be exercised or enjoyed by them or any of them, by virtue of any Charters, Bye-Laws, Prefcriptions, Usages, Cuftoms, Privileges, Grants, or Ads of Parliament; but that all such Rights and Privileges shall be held, exercised and enjoyed by the Parties nefpeftively intitled thereto, as fully and amply to all Intents and Puimoses, as the fame were held, exercised, and enjoyed before the pdfnng. of this Ad, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding, Regard being at all Times had to the Average Weight of Bread as before diiefted*

“ Public Aft. § 7.”

/

. Cap. lxxi.

An Aft for repealing an Aft, made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for extending the Provifions of Two former Ads relating to the Ufe of florfe Hides in making Boot* and Shoes,

aod

49 G. 3. r. cvi.

A.D.i8o8.	48°	GEO.	III.	C.	lxxi—lxxvi*	(7)

and preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof, and for making other Provifions in lieu thereof. .

[27th May 1808. j

u Aft 43 G. 3. r.cvi. recited and repealed. § i.—Seven Cotnmif*

** fioner8 named, who, together with Seven others to be annually	'

u elected by the Butchers’ Company in London, Seven by the Cur-M Hers’ Company, and Seven by the Cordwainers* Company, are to “ be Commiiuoners for executing this Aft in London, Wcftminjler,

% “ Southward and within Fifteen Miles of the Royal Exchange u of London. § 2—19. Penalties on Owners of Hides or Skins ** negligently cut or galhed in the Flaying thereof; from 2/. 6d.

“ to One Halfpenny per Skin. § 20, 21. Skins to be brought to 44 Leadenhatt Market, &c. to be infpested, if flayed within Five u Miles of the Royal Exchange. § 22, 23. Eleftion and Appoint*

“ ment of Infpeftors, their Fees and Attendance. $ 24, &c. Inform-M ation for Offences under this Aft limited to Seven Days. § 53.”

Cap. lxxii.

An Aft for veiling detached Parts of the fettled Eftates of the Right •

Honourable Thomas Lord I*e Defpeneer, in the County of Kent, in him and his Heirs, and for substituting and fettling'other Eftates of greater Value, and more convenient to be held with the Bulk of the said fettled Estates, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the fame. (q. P.) *	[27th	May	1808.]

'	Cap. Ixxiff.

An Aft for veiling the detached Estates, devised by the Will of the late Henry Hcrvey dfton, Esquire, in Truftees, upon Trail to fell the lame, and to lay out the Moneyt arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchafe of other Eftatqp. (ql P.)

[27th May 1808.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Aft for enabling John William Spicer, Esquire, to grant Building Leafes of Lands in the Parifh of Saint Mary Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, for Terms of Years pot exceeding Ninety-nine Years, (q. P.)	[27th	May	1808.J

• ,

Cap. lxxv.'

An Aft for effeftuating an Exchange between Thomas William Coke,

Esquire, and the Truftees of his fettled Eftates. (q. P.)

[27th May 1808.3

Cap. lxxvi.

An Aft for veiling certain Manors, Rents, and Tithes, in the Counties of Wefimorland and Cumberland, Part of the Eftates fettled by the Will of Sir Lyonel Wright Fletcher, Baronet, de-ceased, in Truftees, to be fold, and to enable the Devifees under the fame Will to enfranchise certain customary Eftates holden of several Manors in the said Counties, fettled by the fame Will, and for applying Part of the Money arising from i'uch Sales and En« franebifemeots in paying off certain Legacies given by the laid Will, and veiling the Remainder in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled to the fame Ufes. (q. P.)	[27th	May	1808:	J

7	48 Geo. III.

Xx

Cap. lxxvii.

An Aft for enabling the Governor and Direftors of the Hofpital

for Poor French Proteftants and their Descendants residing in

Great Britain, to grant such Part of the Scite of the Buildings

and the Lands belonging to the said Hofpital, or such Part

thereof as they shall think proper, upon Building Leafes* (q. P.)

[27th May 1808.] %

Cap. Ixxviii.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Kifby Lonfdale, in the County of Wejlmorland. (q. P.)	[27th	May	1808,]

Cap. lxxix.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifhe* of Chipping Afition and Rilchefier9 in the County Palatine of Lane after, (q. P.)

[zyxhMaj 1808.3

Cap. Ixxx.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifhes of Bawdefwell and Ling, in the County of Norfolk. (q. P.)	[27th	May	1808.3

Cap. lxxxi.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Stotter, in the County pf Lincoln, (q. P.)	£27th May 1808.]

. [Andfor making Compenfation for Tithet.]

Cap. Ixxxii.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Rothbury, in the County . oi Northumberland, (q. p.)	([27th	May	1808.3

*■-	9

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Abergele, in the County oi Denbigh* (q. P.)	[27th	May	1808.3

“ Allotment to His Majesty of One-twentietli in lieu of his Title to “ the Soil in right of his Crown. $ 16.—Ext raft of Award shall be “ transmitted to 'Surveyor of Land Revenue. §18. Saying of His “ Majeffcy’s Rights to Minej. § 36.”

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Bodham, in the County oi Norfolk, (q. P.)	[27th	Jfay	1808.3

Cap. lxxxv.

An Aft for dividing Lands in the Parifh of Wicklcnonod* in the County oi Norfolk. (q. P.)	[27th	May	1806.3

Cap. Ixxxvi.

An Aft for forming, paving, and otherwise improving certain Streets and other publkk Paffages and Places, in the Parifh of Saint Pan• eras, in the County of .  Middlesex.	.	[lft	June	1808.3

A.D.i8o&

48* GEO. UL C. lxxxvK—xcv. Cap. lxxxvii.

An Aft for lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets and Lanes, dnd other public* PaiTages and Places, in the Town of Severity 9 in the County of Tori*	[ift	June	180B.J

Cap. lxxxviii.

An Aft for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts withiir the Hundreds of Wtftbury, Warminfer, Heytcfbury* and Damerham South, in the County of Wilts.	,	[ift	Jane	1808.3

44 Jurifdt&ion, 5/. § I7.-*-No Privilege to Attornies.”

Capi llxxix.

An Aft for the more better and mote easy rebuilding of the To'wn of Ghudkigh, in the County of Devon ; for determining Differences touching Houfes demolished by the late Fire there ; and for preventing future Danger by Fire.	[ift	June	1808.3

Cap. xc.

An Aft to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of 6 0.3. c. 89. Two Afts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from aaG.a.e. the Bottom of Church Lane9 in the Town of Ncwaftle~undcr-lyne9 in the County of Stafford, to the Road from Woor to Cht/ltr, near . Namptwichf in the County of Chejleri and other Roads therein mentioned. (b)	[ift June 1808.]

Cap. xcl.

An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the srsG.a. c.iro* Powers of an Aft of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Rotherham to The Four Lane Ends,' near IVortley, ln# the West Riding of the County of Tori, (e)	[ift June 1808.3

Cap. xcii.*

Ail Aft for making and maintaining a Road from the Romford arid Whitechapel Road, to or near to Tilbury Fort, in the County of Effex• (£)	[ift June i8o8*3 ~

'	Cap.	xciii.	‘	%

An Aft for veiling in new Truftees certain Eftates and Property in 45£.3.c.lxxxliu Irstand, of the Right Honourable Walter Earl of Ormond and OJfory in Ireland, and Baron Butler in England, which have not been fold or disposed of under and by virtue of Two Afts of Parliament, made iu the Thirty-fifth and Forty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty. (q. P.)	[ift June 1808.]

1

Cap. xciv.

An Aft'for inclosing Lands in the Parilh of Stone, in the County of Stafford, (q. P.)	[ift June 1808.3

v	Cap.	xcv.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parilhes of Marden, Sutton Saint Michael, Sutton Saint Nicholas, and Witbington, and certain Chapelries, Townships, and Parilhes adjacent thereto, in the County of Hereford* (q. P.)	[jrft June 280843

XX2

C. xcvi—cii.

A.D.1808.

676

48* GEO. m.

Cap. xcvi.

An Ad to enable the Commercial Infurance Company of Dutfin to sue, and W sued, in the Name of their Secretary.

[3d June 1808.]

Cap. xcvii.

An Ad for making more effectual Provifion for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor of the Parifh of Saint Luke* in the County of .  Middlesex.	[3d June	1808.]

“ Stat. 6 (7. 2. f.21. separating the Parifh of Saint Luke from that ** of Saint Giles : and Stats. 30 G. 2. c. 42. & 22 G. 3. c, 56. for 44 providing for the Poor* of Saint Luke, recited.—So much of “ 6 G. 2. as relates to the Veftrymen, repealed.—The Ads 30 G. 2. 44 c. 42. and 22 (7. 3. c. 56. repealed. But not to affect Vefiryinen 44 under 38 G. 3. c. 33.”

Cap. xcviii.

An Ad for the more cafy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parifh of AJhton^under-Lync, in the County Palatine of Aon-cajler9 and within the Tpwnft&ips of Stay ley, and other Places therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Chester.

[3d June 1808.]

44 Jurifdidion, y/.-r-No Privilege to Attornies.'*

Cap. xeix.

41 G. 3.c. icd. An A A to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey 47 G.Z.Jl. 2, Canal to supply with Water the 'feveral Towns, Diftrids, and JPlaces therein mentioned, and to amend the several Ads relating to the said Canal.	[3d June 1808.]

44 The Company allowed to supply Water to Rotherhithe, Ne<s? u Croft, Bermondsey, Camberwell, IPalwortbp and Peckham, and w Places adjacent.—14,000/. may be raised by new Shares.”

Cap. c.

7 G. i.c.26.	An Ad	for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Ads fer re-

• c* 8-	pairing	the	Road	from	Saint	Giles9s Pound to K'tlbourne Bridge,

WG 3 c no and for making a new Road from the groat Northern Road at JJlington to the Edge ware Road, near Paddington, in the Cou^.tv of .  Middlesex. (h)	,	r	^tnxe	iSjS.j

Cap. ci.

An Ad for making and maintaining a Road from the Brighth Imflcn: Road at Pyecomhe to the Cuekfeld Road at Staplefeld Commsu, arid from Pyccombe to the Henfield Road at Poynings Common, in the County of Sitfcx. (£)	x	[3d	June	iScS.]

. Cap. cii.

An Ad for empowering Truftees to fell and convey the Freehold a»-d Copyhold Eftates devised by the Will of John Crefer Efquirc, deceased, and to lay out th? Money urifing by the Sale thereof in the Purchafe of other Eflates to be feitled in lieu thbreof, and to the fame Ufes. (q. P,)	[3d	June	iScS.j

48° GEO. III.	C. ciii—cvii.	477

Cap. ciii.

An Aft for regulating the Proceedings in the Courts Baron of the

Manors of Sheffield and &cclefall9 in the County of York, (a)	1

. ,	[i8th June 1808.]

“ Stat. 29 G. 2. c. 37. repealed.—Cormniflioners appointed : Jurif-« diction, 5/.—Juft ices out of the Jurifdiftion may indorse the	,

•* Precept of Execution, which shall be executed accordingly.— u No’Privilege to Attornies.”	1

Cap. civ.

An Aft for rebuilding the Pier, and for improving the Harbour of Berwick -upon -Tweed.	[ 18th June 1808. ]

“ Duties on Goods and Tonnage Duties granted.—Pilots may be 44 licensed and regulated.'—Rates of Pilotage.”

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons panifbroent for whomsoever shall, after the palling of this Aft, maliciously, wilfully, drflvpying the or wantonly demolilh, destroy, or break down or steal, take or carry fcc.fisgk away any of the Works made or provided by virtue of this Aft, or Fdonj. any of the Materials thereof, or provided for the fame, or shall break down or carry away any Part of the said old Pier, or any of the Stones or Materials formerly Part thereof, and now lying near the fame, or any of the Rocks or Stones lying between The Meadow Haven and the Bed of the said River 7Wa/, or any of the Materials of the present or future Quays or Wharfs in the said Harbour, every such Perfon or Perfons so offending in,any of the Cafes aforeiaid (haU be adjudged guilty of Felony; and the Court and Courts by and before whom (uch Perfon and Perfons shall be convicted have hereby Power and Authority to adjudge such Felon and Felons to be tram* ported for the Space of Seven Years, in like Manner as other Feloas are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this '

Realm, or in Mitigation of furh Punifhment the said Court may pass such Sentence as the Law directs in Cafes of Petit Larceny.

\

Cap. cv.

An Aft for continuing, altering, and enlarging * the Powers of so 93 G. a.e. lit. much of an Aft of His prelent Majesty, as relates to making 44 G.a.c. -effeftual the Statute Labour in the Shire of Invernefs9 and levying fcc 4a G. a. a Converfion of Money in lieu thereof, and otherwise regulating, c*B0, making, and repairing Highways and Bridges in the said Shire. (£)

£i8th Jwe 1808.J

Cap. evi.

An, Aft to continue Two Afts of the Parliament of lreland9 for the Irifli A At, Improvement of the Harbour of Drogheda.	[18th	June	x8q8.]J	aoG.a.c.39*

[Recited Afy continued for One Tedr9	.

Cap. cvii.

An Aft for enabling the Justices of the Peace for the Eaftern Divii fion of the County of Suffiex9 tQ take down the present Shire HaU or Seffions Houfc in the Town of Lewes 9 and for enabling them to build another Shire Hall or Seffions House in a more convenient Situation within the said Town.	[18th	June	1808.]

Xx3	XXXIL

678

Puniflisnent of Perfon* dtnilaging or drftroying Sliire Hall, single Felohj.

«

I

9G.3.C. 33.

37 G. 3. c. 107. &39G. 3. C.32. p part repealed.

9G.3.C.38.

JJG.3.C. 33.

G. cvi!—cxi.	48° GEO. III.	A.D.1808,

XXXII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perform shall wilfully and maliciously break, pull down, linage or destroy the said Shire Hall, Seffions House or buildings so to be erected, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any of the Appurtenances thereto be* longing, such Perfon or Perfons being lawfully cotivi&cd thereof ihajl be adjudged guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom such Perfon or Fcnons shall be tried, shall have full Power and Authority either to order such Perfon or Perfons to be tranfpprted for Severn Years, to such Place and in such Manner as other Felons are di* reded to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, jpr to fuller such Corporal Punifhment- by Whipping or otherwise, or to be punished by Fine, Imprifonment or otherwise, as to the (aid £oiirt before whom such Perfon or persons shall be tried shall seem meet; and the Justices of the Peace of the (aid County, or the major Part of them in Quarter Seffions assembled, are hereby authorized from Time to Time to order such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, to be prosecuted by Indi&ment or Indidmentt, and to diced the Expences of such Profecutions to be. paid by the Trrafurer or Trea* furers of the (aid Eaftern Dirifion of the said County of	out

of the publick Stock and County Rates of and belonging to the Eaftern Divifion of the said County; and in every such Indi&ment such Shire Hall, Seffions House, Building or Buildings and Appurtenances, shall be alledged and described, and deemed and taken to be the Shire Hall, Seffions House, Building or Buildings and Appurtenances (as the Cafe may be) of ** The Jullices of the Peace for the County of Sujfexf* without particularly naming or specifying the Name or fcfames of all or any of the said Justices,

Cap* cviii.

An Ad for fendering more effectual an A# of His orefent Majesty, for draining certain Low Lands lying on both aides the River Withamy in the County of Lincoln ; and for restoring the Navigation of the said River from the High Bridge in the City pf Lincoln, to the Sea,	£i8th	June	1808.]

Cap* cix.

An Ad to' amend and enlarge the Powers of aq Ad, pafied in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of fmaU Debts in the Town and County of the Town of KingJlon-upon~Hulh	f 18th June 1808. ]

4* Jurif^idion extended to 5 /.—Record of Judgment may be removed “ into superior Courts, and Execution issued thereon.”

Cap* cx.

An Ad for \he mo** efify ar>4 speedy Recovery of Small Debts withiq the Township of Wolverhampton, and in several Parifhes and Places fhereia mentioned, in the 9?uwy of Stafford, [ 8th June 1808.]

Cap* cxi.

An Ad for altering and amending an Ad of His ptefent Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Thames at Henley *upon-Thames% jn the County of Oxford,	[18th June	1898.3

AJD« 18081

C. cxii—cxix.

679

48* GEO. III.

Cap. cxii.

An Ad to continue the Term and enlarge the Power* of Two Ads for repairing the Road from Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to and through Kelfo, in the Shire of Roxburgh, to the March• burn. (c)	[18th June 1808.]

Cap. cxiii.

An Ad for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from the Town of Stamford, to the Divilion Stone in South IVitbam, in the-County of Lincoln. (a)	[28th June 1808.3

Cap. cxiv,	s

An Ad for continuing the Term of an Ad for repairing the Road^ from Merlin91 Bridge to Pembroke Ferry, in the County of Pern* broke. (r)	.	[18th June 1808.]

Cap. .cxv.

An Ad for effeding the Sale of certain £ dates devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Edward late Lord Thurlow, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sales in the Purchafe of other Estates, and for settling the fame to the Ufes of His Lord* (hip’s Will. (q. P.)	[18th June 18^8.]

Cap. cxvi.

An Ad for enabling the Mafter, Wardens, Fellows, Brethren, Sifters, and Scholars of the College of GotPt Gift in Dulwich, in the County of Surrey, to grant a Leafe or Leafes of certain Edates belonging to the fame Coliege, in the said County, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose; and also to grant Building Leafes of other Parts of the fame Estates, and for other purposes therein mentioned, (q. P.)	[18th June 1808.3

Cap. cxvii.

, An Ad for veiling certain Eftates in the Counties of Warwick, Middlesex, and Montgomery, late of the Right Honourable Robert Earl of Catherlough, deceased, in Truftees, in trust to be fold, and for investing the Money arifmg from the Sale thereof in the Purchafe of other Estates, to be fettled to the subsisting Ufes of the Will of the said Robert Earl of Cathcrlough, and for other Pur-poles therein mentioned, (q. P.)	£i8th June l8o8.J

Cap. cxviii.

An Ad for opubling the Troftees under the Will of William Banket, Esquire, deceased, to change the Order of Sale of the Real Estates, late of the said William Banket, and for enabling the Devifees under the Will of the said William Banket, "to grant Leafes of such Part pf his Eftatea as shall remain unfold, (q. P.) 4 [18th June 1808.3

Cap. cxix.

An Ad fba veiling Part of the fettled and devised Eftates of Sir John William De la Foie, Baronet, deceased, in Truftees, for Sale, and for settling the remaining Part of the said fettled and devised £ftates ia the Manner therein mentioned, (q. P.)

[i8th/ane 1808.I

ec.a.c. 73. 97 G. 3.e. 79.

19 G. 9. c. 8. 94 G. 9. C. 3. 97 G. 3. r. 99, repealed m to .South

of the Road..

\

\

689

Irifli A&, l G. 2. (not printed.)

C. cwt—cxxyu	48° GEO. Ill,	JLD.iSoff,

Cap. cxx.

An Aft to enable the Truftees of the Will of Thomas Peter Legh9 Esquire, deceased, to grant Building and Repairing Leafes of certain Eilates in the Parifh of Warrington, and in the Townflup of Bleakley near Mancbeflery in the County of Lane afterf and to accept Surrenders, and tor appointing of new Truftees, and for other Purpofes. (q. P.)	[18th	June	1808.3

Cap. cxxi.

An Aft for enlarging the Powers of an Aft made in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An A3 to perpetuate and better regulate the charitable Foundation of DoBor Nathaniel Foy, late Lord Bifhop of Water-

' ford'and Lifmore, in the City of Waterford, and for other Pur-pofes therein mentioned. ( q. P.)	[18th June 1808. J

Cap. cxxii.

An Aft for appointing new Truftees for carrying into Execution the Trufts and Powers contained in the Settlement executed on the Marriage of John Ampblett, Esquire, with Elina Ann bis Wife. (q. P.)	[18th	June 1808.3

Cap. cxxiii.

An Aft to enable Nathaniel Lee A3onf Esquire, and others, to grant Building Leafes of Lands at and near Hackney, in the County of Middlefexy devised by the Will of the late Baptifl Le<% Efquire. (q. P.)	[18th	June 1808.3

Cap. cxxiv.

An Aft for veiling the Share of Thomas Knight Cooky an Infant, of and in the Eftates late of the Reverend Thomas Knightf Clerk, deceased, in Truftees, upon Truft to carry the Contrafts entered into for the Sale thereof into Execution, or otherwise to fell and dispose of the fame, and for investing the Money to arise therefrom under the Direftion of the Court or Chancery in the Purchafe of other Lands to be conveyed to the Ufe of nun the said Thomas Knight Cooky and his Heirs, (q. P.)	[18th	June 1808.3

Cap. cxxv.

Ah Aft for confirming and rendering valid and effectual an Exchange made in the Year One thoufana seven hundred and fixty-two,

; between William Mellijby Esquire, deceased, and Charles MeUfh, Esquire, his elded Son, also deceased, and the Vicar of Blyth, in the County of Nottingham, of Lands and Hereditaments, of the said William Mellifh and Charles Mellijby in the Parifti of Blytb, for a small Part of the Glebe belonging to the laid Vicarage, (q. P.)

[i3th June1808.3

Cap. cxxvi.

An Aft to enable John Holton Verey Devifee for his own Life d) Poffefliqn of certain Freehold and Copyhold Eftates situate at or near Kilburn in the Parifh of Hampfleady in the County of Middie-feuy under and by virtue of the Will and Codicil of Holton Vert, late of Saint Martin's Lancy in the said County of Middlefex9

Gentleman*



4'D.i8o8*

C. cxrv!.—cxxxii.

48* GEO'. Ill

681

Gentleman, deceased, to grant Building Leafe? of the fame E dates fbraay Term not exceeding the Term of Ninety-nine Years* (q. P.)

[18th June i$o8.J

Cap. cxxvii.

An Aft for enabling Sir Ofwald Mofley, Baronet, to grant certain

Lands and Hereditaments in the'Pariih of Manchester, in the	. .

County Palatine- of Lancaster, for the Purpofes of the Manchester Publick Infirmary, Difpenfary, Lutfatick Hofpital, and Afylum, and for veiling the Property and EfFe£ts belonging to the said Charity in Truflees, for the Benefit thereof, (q. P.)

[18th June 1808.]

Cap, cxxviii.

An A ft for inclosing Lands in the Pariih of Watlington% in the County of Oxford. (q. P.)	[18th June 1808.	J

[Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.]

Cap. cxxix.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Pariih of Hathersage, in the County of Derby^ (q.P.)	[18th	Jane	1808.3

** Allotment to His Majesty as an Equivalent fora Rent or Fee called M Palfrey Silver, payable by the Inhabitants of Hatherfage to His Majesty in right of his Dutchy of Lancajler% and for any other ** dry and unimprovable Rents so payable. § 11. Extraft of the ** Award to be transmitted to the Dutchy Gourt. § 45.”

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

Cap. cxxx.

An Aft for allotting Lands in tjie Pariih of Chertfey and Manor of Chertfey JBeomondt in the County of Surrey, (q. P.)

[18th Jute 1808.]

** Allotment to His Majesty as Lord of the Manor of Chertfey ** Beomondf in right of his Crown. 4 19. Extraft of Award to be “ transmitted to Surveyor General of Land Revenue. § 47.!*

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]	^

Cap. cxxxi.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in that Part of the Pariih of Saint See flat. 4 7G.au Afaph9 in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh, which is not within Ji* 2. c. kii. the Franchife of Rhuddlan, in the said County of Flint, (q. P.)

*	[18th	June	i8c8.J

** Allotment to His Majesty as Lord of the Manor of Denbigh and 4€ Denbighland in right of his Crown. § 14. Extraft of Award shall << be transmitted to Surveyor General of Land Revenue* $ 16. Saving f* of His Majefty's Rights to Mines. § 33.”

Cap. cxxxii.	1

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Horton« in the County of Stafford, (q. P.)	[18th	June	i8o8.J

AJXiSo8.

6Sz

C. cxxxiii—cxxxvriL 48* GEO. III.

Irtft A£te,

30 G, 3.r. 01.

soti.a. c.^4.

Pmwflrnent for detouring Works, Cngle FeJopy.

4 G. 9. f. 63. 97 G. 3. c. 95.

Cap. cxxxiii.

An Aft for allotting1 and inclosing the Foreft or Chafe of Chdmwoad, otherwise Charley Foreft or Chase, and Rotbley Plain, in the County of Leicester. (q. P.)	[18th	June	1808.]

tc Leafes bj Reftor of Switbland, or Vicar of Wbtivnck, {ball not be valid without Confent of His Majesty as Patron. \ 80* Extract *‘,of Award as to Allotments to His Majesty in right of certain ** Meffuaget in St ant on-under •Bardon, shall be transmitted to Surrey or w General ofLand Revenue# § 87.”

Cap. cxxxiv.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the several Manors'of Kingitou-*p*n-Thamct and Imworth, otherwise Imbercourt, in the County of Surrey, and for felling Part of such Lands for the Furpofc of providing a Court House and Market House for the said Town. (q. P.)	[18th June 1808.]

Cap. cxxxv.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifil of Cheel/y, in the County of Stafford, (q. P.)	£|8th June 1808.]

Cap. cxxxvi.

An Aft to amend Two Afts, so far as relate to supplying the City of Londonderry with Water, improving the Harbour of the said City, and the Regulation of Pilots and Veflels using the fame; and for extending the Junfdiftion of the Court held in the said City for the Recovery of Small Debts, ’	[23d June 1808.J

Cap. cxxxvii.

An Aft for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Borough of Colchffler, in'the County of Efft**	[33d June i8c8.]

ic Company of Proprietors of the Colchejter Waterworks, incor-w poratcd.M

LXVI. And be it flirther enacted. That if any Perfon or Perfons shall knowingly, wilfully, or maliciously break, throw down, or deft roy any Bank or Banks or pther Works erested, m?de, or maintained by virtue of this Aft, then and in every such Cafe every such Perfon shall be judged guilty of Felony, and the* Court by and before whom such Perfon or Perfons shall be tried and oonyisted, shall hate Power and Authority to cause such Perfon or Perfons to be tranf-ported for Seven Years, or in Mitigation of such Punifhment, such Court may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cafes of Petty Larceny.

Cap. cxxxviii.

An Aft to continue the Term, and alter* and enlarge the Powers, of Two Afts of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from near Milford, through Hajlemen, to the Portfmoutb Road between Lippock and Rake, in the Counties of Surrey, Svff x, and Southampton, (c)	[23d	June	1808.J

7

A.D.i8d8t

C. cxxxix—cxlv.

4«o GEO. m

Cap. cxxxix.

An Ad for repairing the Roads from Tavemjpite to the Towns of 11 G.a. Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hubberjlqn Making, and from Lovejlon *oG.a. Mountain to Canaflon JSridge, in the County of Pembroke• (a) irpwsd.

[23d June 1808.3

Cap. cxl.

An Ad for carrying into Execution an Agreement entered into between the Honourable and Right Reverend James Lord Bifhop of Ely and John Tharp the Elder, of Chippenham Park, in the

' County of Cambridge, Esquire, for the Exchange of the Advowfon of the Redory of Snailwell, in the County of Cambridge, Part of the Poffeffions of the See of Ely, for the Redory of Burgate, in the County of Suffolk, vetted in the said John Tharp. (q. P.)

[23d June 1808.3

Cap. cxli.

An Ad for vetting the fettled Ettates of the Right Honourable Philip Earl of Hcrdwicke, situate in the County of Gloucester, in Truftees, upon truftf as to certain Parts which nave been contradexl to be fold, to convey the fame to the icfpedive Purchafers, and as to the Refiduc, in trust to fell the fame, and for invetting the Pur-chafe Monies, under the Diredion of the High Court of Chaneery, in other' Ettates to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the |ame Ufes, (q. P.)	[25th	June	1808.3

•	Cap.	cxlii.

An Ad for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Ads. nsG. a. patted in the Thirty-fifth, Forty-fourth, and Forty-fifth Years of PTm r the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling the Lord Bilhop G* 3:, ot London to grant a Lease, with Powers of Renewal, of Lanas 4^0.3. in the Paritti of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, for the Purpofe of building upou. (q* P.)	[25th	June	1808.3

Cap. cxliii.

\An Ad for vetting in Truftees, the Perfonal Ettate of the Reverend Richard Daniel\ Matter of Arts in the Univerfity of Duplin, and making them a Corporation for the Puroofes of carrying into Effed. the charitable Defigns and Intentions of the Will of the said Richard Daniel, (q. P.)	[25th	June	1808.3

Cap. cxliv.

An Ad for vetting the Fee Simple of the Ettates devised by the Will of Edward Careswell, Gentleman deceased, in Truttees for the charitable Purpofes therein mentioned, (q. P.)

[25th June 1808.3

Cap. cxlv.

An Ad to amend Two Ads, patted in Ireland, for the bettor Edu- Irifli A& cation of Perfons profelling the Roman Catholick Religion, and 85 G. 3. for the better Government of the Seminary ettablifhed at maynooth G* *• for the Education of such Perfons, so far as relates to the Purchafe of Lands and compounding Suits, (q. P.)	[25th	June	1808*3

f? Truftees of the College empowered to compromise Suits. Truftees

V alfp empowered to purchase Lands, not exceeding 1000A per ^	M	Apnum,

683

c. 96. f. 91,

€.83. 0. 63. c.ciiii.

c. 21. €. S3.

684

47 G. ».	2.

r. cxi.

31 G. 9. e: 109. rtpnkd.

Ccxlv—cliii.	4S0 GEO. III.	A.D.iflc2.

“ Annum, exclusive of Premifes held under Leafe for the Duke of u Lcinftcr, and the Buildings thereon/’

Cap. cxlvi.

An Aft for supplying the Town and Parifh of Woolwich 9 in the County of Kent, with Water, and for amending fomuch of an Act of the last Sefiion as relates to the Ercftion of a Market Houle in the said Town.	[30th June iScS.J

Caf. cxlvii.

An Aft for repairing the Road from Milford to Stainton9 and to Merlin*s Bridge, and from thence to Cart let Bridge, and to the Top of Merlin* s Hill, in the County of Pembroke. (a)

[30th June 1808.3

Cap. cxlviii.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Borough of Lecmtnfer, in the County of Hereford, and in the Townflrip of Luflon9 in the Parifh of Eye, in the said County 5 and for paving, and otherwise improving the Streets and other publick Places within the Town of Leominfer, in the said County.	[30th June iSc8.]

Cap. cxlix.

An Aft for cffeftuatiiig an Exchange between the President and Scholars of Saint John Baplijl Colhgcy in the Univerfity of Oxfordy and Chrijlopber Hull oi Footjcray, in the County of Kent9 Efquire. (q.P.)	[30th June 18^8.]

Cap. cl.

An Aft to confirm and render valid and effectual a Partition of divers ' Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Carlow and Kildare, in Ireland, formerly the Effete* of Jeffery Paul Esquire, dc-ceafed (q.P-)	[30th June 1808. ]

Cap. cb'.

An Aft for veiling Part of the Eftates of Paulin Huggef, an Infant, in Trullees, to be fold, and for applying the Money arising therefrom in part Difcharge of certain Incumbrances charged thereon. (q.P*)	[30th June j8o8.]

Cap. clir.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parifh of Kirk Smeaton, in the West Riding of the County of Tori. (q. P.)	[30th June 1808. J

M Allotment to His Majesty as Lord of the Honour of PonlefraQ, u in Right of his Dutchy of Laneafler. Extraft of the Award to u be transmitted to the Dutchy Court.”

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.2

Cap. cliii.

An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Borough and Parifh of Tear kef bury9 in the County of Gloucester, and for veiling the After or Latter Math of a Meadow called Severn Ham, within the (aid Borough and Parifh, in Truftees for certain Purpofes. (q. P.)

£ad July 1808.3 [And for making Compenfation for Tithes.3

A*Di180B1

C. clir—civil.

48° GEO. III.

£85

Cap. div.

An Aft for exchanging Part of the fettled E Hates of the Right Honourable Francis Earl of Moira, lituate in England, for Part of the Eftates of the Right Honourable Flora Murc9 Countefs of Loudouily his Wife, situated in Scotland, including the Castle of Loudoun. (q. P.)	[2d	July	1808,3

Cap. civ.

An Aft for veiling an Eflate called Killingworth Farm, in the.

County of Northumberland, being, an Eilate devised by the Will of Thomas Bonner Esquire, dcceased, in Truftees, to be foljl, for the Payment of Legacies, and for laying out the Relidue of the Money in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled to the fame Ufes. (q. P.)	[2d	July	1808.3

Cap. clvi.

An Aft for veding in Samuel Robert Gmtf[cn9 of North Mimms, in the County of Hertford, Esquire, a Meffuage and Farm, with the Appurtenances, in North Mimms aforesaid, and for applying the Money to arise thereby in the Purchafe of other Edates to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Edate fold, (q, P.)

[2d July 1808.]

Cap. clvii.

An Aft to prevent the Right of Prefentation to the Reftory and Parilh Church of Simonburn9 in the County of Northumberland9 from lapflng for a limited Time.	[4th	July	i8c8.	j

4 HE RE AS the Reftory and Parilh of Simonburn9 in the 4 Tv County of Northumberland9 and Diocefe of Durham, is very 4 extensive, and it is expedient that the fame should be divided, and 4 that several new anddidinft Reftories and Parilhes should be erected 4 within and taken out of the lame, and should be separated from the 4 said Reftory and Parilh by known Limits and Boundaries, and 4 should be respectively provided with Parilh Churche?, Church 4 Yards, Parfonage Houles, and Glebe Lands, and a fuflicicnt 4 Maintenance, by Tithes or otherwise, for the Reftors of the fame 4 respectively : And whereas, under and by virtue of an Aft of Par-4 liament, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His prefent	'

4 Majesty, intituled. An A8 for vefiing certain EJlates now held in 16 G. 3. c. 24. 4 Trujffor the Benefit of the Royal Hofpitalfor Seamen at Greenwich,

4 in the Commijfioners and Governors of the said Hojpital, incorporated '	^

4 by His Mayfly* s Letters Patent, the said Commissioners and Go-4 v,emora are perpetual Patrons of the said Restory, and the Reverend 4 James Scotty Doftor in Divinity, is the present Incumbent thereof:

4 And whereas the said Reftory is of the Annual Value of Three 4 tlioufand Pounds or thereabouts ; and should the fame be divided as 4 aforesaid, would be of gr'eat Benefit to the Parith, and would be 4 capable of affording ample Provilion for several Chaplains in the 4 Royal Navy, as a Reward *for long and meritorious Profcfiioual 4 Services: And whereas the said Commifiioners and Governors are 4 desirous of carrying into Effeft the above-mentioned PuVpofcs re-4 fpefting the said Keftory and Parilh of Simonburn; and in order 4 thereto it is necessary that the Right of Prefentation should, during 4 a* limited Time, be prevented from lapsing: May it therefore please 4 Your Majesty that it may be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the

King’s

IWlorfof Simonburn extentire.

6&6

C, civil.

AJ>. iSof.

t^erfTre-frntftfkm frail not lapse for lwa Yean.

A& not valid without Coiifent oi the Archbi-Jfcop of York.

GEO. Ut

King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confect of xthe Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pre-fent Parliament aiTembled, and by the Authority of the Came, That during the Term of Two Years, from the passing of this Aft, no Right of Prefentation to the said Re&ory and Pariih Church of 'Simonhurtif or to the endowed Chapel of FalJloney in the Pariih aforc-said,' by Lapfe or otherwise, fhaU accrue to the Ordinary, Metropolitan, or the King’s Majesty, or any Perfon or Perfona whatfo-ever.

u Cotnmiffioners may nominate to the Curacy of Falflone during the “ Incumbency of Mr. Scdft, § 2. Officiating Curates shall be nOmi-•• nated by Commiffioneft. § 3.”

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, Shat this A61 {hall not be good, valid, or efFe&ual, without the Coment of the Archbrfhop of Tori for the Time being, thereto (ignified by Writing under his Hand and Seal to' the Lord High Chancellor of Great Brit ait; and such Cousent, so (ignifietf, shall be binding upon the said Arch-btfhop and his SucceiTors, and such Writing shall be inrolled in the High Court of Chanaerv.

Public Aft, §*"



INDEX

TO

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS, 48 GEO. Ill*

* Signifies that the AS relates exclusively to Ireland.

Accounts (PuHick),	ap'

See Officers, Frankfng. Adminifhation of Juftice	•	151

America {Treaty)	-	6,	21

—— /Trade with)	- 8c

---------  South	7	c T ___„	.

__________North	j	Sci ImP°(rtat,on*

Annuities, See Loans, Life Annuities. Appeals to Houfc of Lords *	151

Appropriation of Supplies	-	148

Armonal Bearings (Tax on)	.	53

Aflefled Taxes, See Taxes.

* A unions	-	-	63

' Auditors, See Accounts Publick—

Franking.

Bail Bonds affigning	-	58

Bank of England (Three Millions Advance)	-	3

— —------------(Balances,	&c.) . 4

♦Bank of Irelaud (continuing Charter) 103

*	----— ■ ■. ■ ■ (Tokens) - ,	31

Bark (Exportation prphibiting) *29, 33 Barrack Office, See Officers, Franking. BiOs of Exchange, See Proimflory Notes. Bounty (FiOi from Newfoundland)	20

-------(Pilchards)	-	68

—	----(Flax, Hemp, ind Linen)	23

See also Sugar.

Brazils, See Importation, Poftage.	,

Britifh Ships -	-	70

Brunfwick, Duchefs -	-	59

Burial of Perfons wrecked -	75

Cape of Good Hope Capias ad Refpondendum Carriages (Tax on) • Certificates, See Permits. Chatham Lines Churches, See Clergy.

Cinnamon

Cinque Ports, (Boatmen, &c. in)

105

58

#4*» 55

101

18 130

Clergy, Benefit of	-	129

Clergy (augmented Curacies) -	§

*	---- (Arrears of Crown Rents)	47

*	---- (building,	&c.	Churches	and

Glebe Houfes) -	6y

*	---- fRefidence)	66

—— (modifying Stipends) -	138

Cloves	.	.	18

Coaches, See Hackney Coaches.

Coals to London • m 9S Coffee and Cocoa -	120,	121,	*89

Coionics, See Importation and ~ Exportation.

Commiffioners (Meetings of)	-	133

—t—— (of Land Tax, &c.)	102

of Enquiry, See Officers.

Commiffion of Teinds ♦Compenfation to Officers of Exchequer Continuing A&s

Sr

*Corn (Importation and Exportation)

See also Spirits, Importation, ton Nfanufa&ure	-

138

108

1.6

«7

57

ay

Cotton

Cotton Wqol (Exportation

prohibiting)	-	*29.

Duty on Exportation Couneil, Orders m 26, *28, 37, 71 ♦Court Houses, $cc.	-	113

*3

54

35

Court of Seffion (Stock)

(Regulating).

«4*

15*

H

Creditors

Crown, See King, Clergy.

Crown Lands	-	"73

Curacies, See Clergy.

Curriers -	.	<>o

Cuftoms (Duties on Exportation) 26,

’ .	*»8, 35* 7>

-----— (Bonds) .	-	84

•Collom*

€88 INDEX TO PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS, 48 GEO. III.

•Cuftoms (Duties, Continuance)

*------ (Fees and Holidays)

* and Excite (Regulation)

Cap. • 80 56 > 62

See also Officers.

Daniffi Prize Ship	-	147

Dead Bodies (wreeked, interring) 75 Dean Fore ft.	-	•	72

Debtors •	-	123

Defence of the Realm (Fines, &c.) 107 See also Militia. .

♦Derry (Biffiop)	-	77

Diftillery (Regulating) -	10,	*81

Diftillation from Corn prohibited 118 Dogs (Tax on)	-	*42, 55

Drawbacks, See Spirits.

•Dublin, Police	-	-	140

•Eaft India Trade	-	30

Edinburgh (College of Juftice, &c.) 146 •Exchequer (Compenfation to

Officers) - .	-	xo8

Exchequer Bills (ifilling, &c.)	*	1

-------(American Commiffioners) 21

See also Loans.

•Excite ( Licences, repealing) -	41

•— and Cuftoms (Regulation). 62 Expiring Laws	-	ic6

Exportation (Dutieson) 26, *28, 35, 71

—	.........   (Tobacco	pipe	Clay)

— ■ '  -------(Wool-to Ireland)

—	-	(in	fmall	Veflela)	-

See alfom Importation.

•Fees (Cuftoms, aboli&ing) • Felony within Clergy ♦Fire Hearths (Tax on)

Ftfberies (Greenland and Newfoun Hand)

**■■■■'■ ■ (Pilchards, Bounty >

■ (Britilh)

■ ■ (Britifh White Herring)

(Southern W hale )

Cap.

Grenada and St. Vincent Merchants 135 Hackney Coaches	-	87

Hair Powder (Tax on)	-	55

Hares ((booting)	-	93,	94

Hearths, See Fire Hearths.

Hemp (Bounty)	-	23

Herring Fifhery, See Fifh cries.

♦Holidays (Cuftoms and Excite)	56

Hops ( Bags and Pockets marking ) 134 Hortes (Tax on)	-	*42,	55

Houfcof .Lords (Appeals to) -	151

Houfes (inhabited, Tax on) •	55

Jefuits* Bark, See Bark.

Importation

(from PortuguefeTerritories) 11,109

! Naval Timber) -	19

Oil and Blubber and Salt Fi(h)	-	20

Silks and Velvets)	1

Salt into Quebec)	\

Flax, Hemp, and Linen) 23 Hides, &c.)	-	24

Goods from Hoftile Ports)	-	37

Filheries (Oyfters)

Flax (Bounty)

Forfeitures (remitting) Franking Letters .Game, See Hares.

—■■■ - (Certificates) Game-keepers •Gaols	-	-

•Glebes and Glebe Houfes Good Hope, Cape of •Grand Juries	*

Grants in Rcverfion

•Importation and Exportation (Com and Provifions)

Colonial

22

44

126

56

129

42

20

68

86

no

124

144

*3

37

90

55

93

1*3

65

105

"3

5°

(Coffee, Sugar, and Corn)

(Weft

27

69

India Ports) -	-	125

See also Exportation,Warehouling. Incumbents, See Clergy.

Indemnity (Orders in Council) 37

---------- (Offices,	See.)	-	*	40

----:------(Militia)	-	136

Indictments and Informations

(Procefs on)

•Infirmaries Innkeepers (Soldiers)

Judges (Annuities to)

(in Courts of Seflion)

58

>‘3

39

>45

>Si

>5>

Juftice, ( Adrainiitrotion of)

*King (Quieting Poffeilions agpinft) 47 ------vGiant of Revevfionary Offices

by)

— (Land Revenue Improving) (Licences from)

Lake, Lord (Annuity) Lancaster (Duchy Lands) Land Revenue, See King. Larceny (from the Pcrfon) Leather Manufacturers

5*

73

126

73

-	129

•	69

Legacies,

5

HI.

INDEX TO PUBLICS GENERAL ACTS, 48 GEO.

Cap..'

'Legacies, See Stamp Duties.

Licences (from the King) -	126

—— (to fell Ale,’&c.)	-	143

Secalfo Excife, Spirits*

JLife Annuities -	-	142

♦Limitation of Aftions (as to Crown-% Lands, &c.)	-	-	47

Linen (Bounty)	.	L	23

See also Yarns.

Loans, Annuities, Exchequer Bills,

&c. (railing)

'£ 3,000,000 (Bank of England) 3 £ 5,00,000 (Do. Balances) 4 10,500,000 (Exchequer Bills) 7 £ 4,000,000 (Annuitiesto pay Exchequer Bills) *	38

£ 3,000,000 f Exchequer Bills) 53 , £ 1,500,000 (Exchequer Bills) 54 £10,500,900 (Annuities) 76 —	£2,500,000	(Part

thereof)	*Id.	§ 12, 20

£ 750,000 (Annuities)	*83

£ 6,000,000 (Exchequer Bills) 97 £ 1,250,000 (Bank of Ireland) *103 £ 500,000 (Treafury Bills) *112 £ 6,000,000 (ExchequerBills) 114 Sec also Exchequer Bills.

Local Militia, See Militia*

♦Londondeny Free School	-	77

Lords of Seffion	•	-	151

Lotteries	-	-	139

Lunatic Paupers, &c.	-	96

♦M‘Clintock J. M. and W. F* 108 Mace , -	-	18

Male Servants, See Servants.

Malt, &c* (Annual Duties)	-	2

------ (Regulation)	-	36,74, *79

♦Malt and Spirits (Duties)	-	78

Marines, ^Mutiny Ad.

Marriages	127,	See.

Militia (Pay, Cloathing, and Allowances)	-	*45

■ (Pay and Cloathing) -	46

-	—	'Allowances, Subalterns)	51

■	■ * Adjutants)	52

------finlifting into Regulars) *64

— Local (railing)	ill,	150

(Tower Hamlets) -	136

Mutiny Ad (Marines)	*	14

--------------(Amy)	-	15

Namesof Commissioners of Land Tax,

See.	- -	102

4B Geo* III*

National Debt (Allowance for Management) -	4,	92,	*xoj

See affo Life Annuities.

Naval Timber, See Importation*

Navy Treasurer, See Offipers^

New Foreft	-	-	7a

Nutmegs	-	-	if

Offences (not Treafon or Felony) Procefs in	•	55

Offices (Annual Duties)	0

—	(Grants of in Reverfion) - 59 See also Indemnity.

Officers (Treafurer of Navy) -	-	$

------(Surveyor of Subftdies, &c*) 9

—• ■ — (Pay matt er-General)	49,

------ (Commiffioners of Enquiry,

Army) -	-	6*

-	■ ■ -..... (Barracks)	89,	XX*

--------------------(Weft	India

Accounts) 9s Ordersof Couneil, See Couneil, Cuuoma* Oyfter Fifhqries	-	*	%	144

Parliament, Houfesof, SceWeftminfter. Paymaftcr-Gcneral •	49,	taS

Penfions, &c. ( Annual Duties)	s

•Permits	-	«	-	8s

Petty Cuftoms (Surveyorof) -	9

Pilchards, See Fifheries.

Pilots -	-	104

Portuguefe Territories (Trade with) 109 See also Importation, Pottage*

Pottage (Madeira and Brazil) -	11S

Pott Horse Duties, (farming) - 98 ♦Poft Office (enlarging)	-	4S

See also Franking.

Privately Stealing -	•	129

Prile Money (to Seamen)	-	13s	%

------—-	(Foreign Forces) 100

Prize Goods (warehoufing) -	99

Prizes, See Bntifh Ships, Daniffi Ship, Spirits*

Procefs

(on Indidments and Informations) 58 Promiffory Notes	-

♦Provifions (Importation and

Exportation) -	-	27

Publick Accounts, See Officers.

♦Quieting Poffeffions	-	47

♦RefidenCe of the Clergy -	66

Revenue, See Loans, Cuftoms, Taxes,

&c«

Yy

%

Aeverfionary

6yo INDEX TO PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS, 48 GEO. Ill*

c*p.(

5° I 101 j

*7

22

130

If*

*3?

107

126'

55

60

Reverfionary Grant* of Offices Road (extinguifhfug Righf. of)

♦Rum (warenoufing)

Salt (into Quebec)

Salvage

.Scotland (Courts and Appeals)

Seamen (Prize Money)

Secretary at War	*	•

Secretary of State (Licences by) Servants (Tax on)	*

Shoemakers	r

Silks (painted)	•	117

Silks and Velvets, See Importation,

Small Notes, See Prhmiflbry Nbtes. ‘Smuggling -	r	84

Snuff (Ahnual Duties)	7	2

Soidlers, Se{ Innkeepers; Mutiny Aft, Spices	-	*	18

Spirits (DifttUatkm of,	from	Com,

prohibited)	-	jj8

— ■ ■ (Drawbacks, Sufpcnfion)	•	43

(Prize, reducing) -	0<

(imported Duties)	*80,	ii<

>9 9 152 *78 *81

Sugar (Drawbacks, Bounties, and Warefioufipg)

—	(Eaft Ihdia; Duties) ^ ,

—	— (Duties on Wafh and Spirits from)’

Surveyor of Subfidies (London) Tanners	-

Taxes (New Duties on Carriages, &c.)

(Afleffect; New Duties)

*17

*80

15?

9

60

55

• ( AfTefTmeqtand Colleftion of) 141

Teinds (Commiffion of) Temporary Afts	-

Timber, Sep Importation, * in Foreus

*3* 106

{ from Sugar, Duties on )

----(Duties)

—;----— ------(Regulations)

—- Britiib* Plantation,

(wareho.ufing)

■ — (Countervailing Duties)

■■■■■■ ■ (Licences)

Stamp Duties

•——on Licences tq feU Ale (repealed)	-	,	H3

. Subfidies, See Surveyor.

Sugar (Annual Duties) -	-	2

Raw, Bounty)	12

—— (Drawback, Bounties, and Countervailing Duties)	.	16

*17

tl5

10

H9

♦Titles defective (confirming again# the Crown)

Tobacco (Annual Duties) -Tobacco-pipe Clay ♦Tokens (Bank of Ireland)

Treasurer of'the Navy	•

Velvets, ^Importation,

Unclaimed Dividends,	•

Volunteers,' See Militia.

♦Warehousing Goods •

See also Coffee, Prize Goods,

Rum, Spirits, Sugar.

Warehoufed Goods ( removing )	-

Warrants of K. B. &c. (executing) Westminster Improvements Windows (Taxon)'	-	*42,55

Wool, Exportation from G. B. to I. 44 • See also Cotton Wool..

Woollen Manufaftures ' .. *	131

Worts or Wafh from Sugar

(Duties on)	-	•	152

Wrecks, See Burial, Salvage.

Yargs (Foreign)	-	23

47

2

22

31

8

3*

126

5*

137

%

s

' \,

FINIS.

