THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND.

58 GEORGE III. 1818.

LONDON:

Printed by His Majefty’s Statute and Law Printers ;

And fold by J. Butter worth and Son, Law Bookfellers, in Fleet-Street.

1818.

(Price 16*. in Boards.)

A

TABLE

I ■	■

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Paired in the SIXTH Seflion of the FIFTH Parliament

op

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland :-

58 GEORGE III.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

1.	AN A 6t to repeal an Ad made in the lad Seflion of Parlia—

mcnt, intituled An A3 to continue an A3 to embower His-MajeJly to feeure and detain fuch Perfons as His MajeJty JhM fyfpeS are confpiring again# Hkt Perfon and Government. Pag* >-

2.	An Ad to fufpend, until the End of the prefent Seflion of Par-

liament, the Operation of an Ad made in the laft Seflion of Parliament, to provide for the more deliberate luveftigation of Presentments to be made by Grand Juries for Roads and Public Works in Ireland, and for accounting for Money railed by fuch Preferments.	2:

3.	An Ad for continuing to His Majefty certain Duties on Malt,

Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Penfions,. Offices and Perfonal Eftates, in Englandj for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and	eighteen.	Ibid.

4.	An Aft for railing the Sum of Thirty Millions, by Exchequer

Bills, for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen.	3

5.	An Ad to indemnify fuch Perfons in the United Kingdom as

have omitted to qualify themfelves for Offices and Employments,, and for extending the time limited for thofe Purpofes refpe&ively,. until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen ; and to* permit fuch Pferfons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the Fir ft Day of Hilary Term One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, and to allow Perfons to make and file fuch Affidavits, although the Perfons whom they ferved (hall have ne-gleded to take out their Annual Certificates.	Ibid.

6• An Ad for indemnifying Perfons who, fince the Twenty fixth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and f^oteen, have aded in apprehending, imprifoning or detaining in Cuftody Per-

A 2 *	fone

IV

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

fons fufpefted of High Treafon or Treafonable Praftices, and in the Suppreilion of tumultuous and unlawful Afiemblies.	5

7.	An Aft to indemnify all Perfons whe have, been concerned in ad-

vifing, ifluing or carrying into Execution any Order or Orders for permitting the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms into and out of certain of His Majefty’s Wejl India Iflands.	8

8.	An Aft to authorize the Governors of the Hofpital of King Charles the Second for ancient and maimed Officers and Soldiers of the Army of Ireland, (ufually called the Royal Hofpital at Kilmainham,) to fufpend or take away the Penfions of fuch Pen-fioners of the faid Hofpital as fhall be guilty of any Fraud in re-fpeft of Prize Money or Penfions, or of any other grofs Mifconduft.

10

9.	An Aft to further continue, until the Fifth Day of July One

thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, Two Afts of the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, for repealing the Duties of Cuftoms on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.	Ibid.

10.	An Aft to reftify a Miftake in an Aft, pafled in the Fifty

fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for punifhing Mutiny and Defertion, and to indemnify certain Perfons in relation thereto.	11

xi. An Aft for punifhing Mutiny and Defertion ; and for the better Payment of the Army	and	their	Quarters.	13

12.	An Aft for the regulating of His Majefty’s Royal Marine Forces

while on Shore.	16

13.	An Aft for charging Duties on Licences for retailing Aqua

Vita in Scotland.	21

14.	An Aft to amend an Aft of the laft Seffion of Parliament, for

preventing the further Circulation of Dollars and Tokens iffued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.	23

15.	An Aft to amend an Aft made in the Twenty fixth Year of His

prefent Majefly, for the Encouragement of the Fifheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis’s Streights, fo far as relates to the Oaths thereby required	to	be	taken.	24

16.	An Aft to continue until the Fifth Day of April One thoufand

eight hundred and nineteen, and amend an Aft of the Fifty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for reducing the Duties payable on Horfes ufed for the Purpofes therein mentioned.	25

17.	An £.ft for charging certain Duties on Four wheeled Carriages

conftrufted and drawn in the	manner therein deferibed.	26

18.	An Aft to charge an additional Duty on Corks ready made,

imported into Ireland.	28

19.	An Aft to allow for Three Years, and until Six Weeks after the

Commencement of the then next Sefiion of Parliament, the Importation into Ports fpecially appointed by His Majefty, within the Provinces of Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, of the Articles therein enumerated, and the	Re-exportation thereof	from	fuch

Ports.	Ibid.

20.	An Aft for more effeftually difeovering the Longitude at Sea,

and encouraging Attempts to find a Northern Paffage between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, and to approach the Northern Pole.	30

2i, An

V

(Public General) 58° GEO. III.

2i« An Aft to revive and continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, feveral Laws relating to the Duties on Glafs made in Great Britain ; and to prohibit the making of Smalts within a certain Diftance of any other Glafs Houfe, or by the Maker of any other Kind of Glafs.	38

22.	An A^ for fixing the Rates of Subfiflence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.	39

23.	An Aft for railing the Sum of Three Millions, by the Transfer of certain Three Pounds per Centum Annuities into other Annu--ities, at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum ; and for granting Annuities to difeharge certain Exchequer Bills.

40

24.	An Aft for enabling His Majefty to make further Provifion for

His Royal Highnefs the Duke of Cambridge, <tnd to fettle an* Annuity on the Princefs of HeJ[e% in cafe (he (hall furvive His faid Royal Highnefs. :	55

25.	An Aft fblr enabling His Majefty to fettle an Annuity on Her

Royal Highpefs the Duchefs of Cumberland, in cafe of her furviv-ing His Ro'yal Highnefs the Duke of Cumberland.	56

26.	An Aft to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand

. eight hundred and nineteen. Two Afts made in the Fifty fourth*

and Fifty fixth Years of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally, and to amend the fame.	58

27.	An Aft to permit the Importation of certain Articles into His

Majefty’s Colonies or Plantations in the Wejl Indies^ or on the Continent of South America; and alfo certain Articles into certain Ports in the Wejl Indies.	39

28.	An Aft to repeal an Aft made in the Fifty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for eftablifhing the Ufe of an Hydro-

. meter called Sites9s Hydrometer, in afeertaining the Strength of Spirits, in Head of Clarke*s Hydrometer; and for making other Provifions in lieu thereof.	60

29.	An Aft for regulating the Payment of Fees for Pardons under

the Great Seal.	 6+

30.	An Aft for preventing frivolous and vexatious Aftions of Affault and Battery, and for flanderousWords in Courts. Ibid.

31.	An Aft to amend an Aft paffed in the Fifty third Year of His Majefty’s Reign, to make further Regulations for the building

* and repairing of Court‘Houfes and Seflions Houfes in Ireland.

65

32.	An Aft to amend fo much of an Aft of the Fifty fifth Year

of His prefent Maiefty, as relates to the Salaries of Clergymen officiating as Chaplains in Houfes of Correftion.	66

33.	An Aft to altqr the Allowance for broken Plate Glafs, and to

. exempt Manufafturers of certain Glafs Wares from Penalties for

not being licenfed.	67

34.	An Aft to repeal the feveral Bounties on the Exportation of

refined Sugar from any Part of the United Kingdom, and to allow other Bounties in lieu thereof, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, and for reducing the Size of the Packages in which refined Sugar may be exported.	69

35.	An Aft to provide for the maintaining of the Royal Canal

from the River Liffey to the River Shannon in Ireland.	71

AS	36. Aft

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

36.	An Aft to carry into Execution a Treaty made between Ufa

Majefty and the King of Spain, for the preventing Traffic in Slaves.	71

37.	An Aft for further continuing, until the Fifth Day of July

One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, an Aft of the Forty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, to continue the Reftri&ions, contained in feveral Afts of His prefent Majefty, on Payment* of Ca(h by the	Bank of England.	85

38.	An Aft to extend and render more effeftual the prefent Regu-

lations for the Relief of Seafaring Men and Boys, Subjefts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Foreign Parts.	86

39.	An Aft to explain and amend an Aft palTed in the Fifty fixth

Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for amending the Law of Ireland refpefting the Recovery of Tenements from abfco tiding, overholding and defaulting Tenants, and for the Prote&ion of the Tenant from undue Diftrefs.	88

40.	An Aft to continue the Laws now in force relating to Yeomanry Corps in Ireland.	99

41.	An Aft to amend an Aft made in the Fifty fixth Year of His

Srefent Majefty, for regulating and fecuring the Colleftion of the )uties on Paper in Ireland, and to allow a Drawback of the Duty on Paper ufed in printing certain Books at the Prefs of Trinity College, Dublin.	Ibid.

42.	An Aft for enabling the Truftee of certain Premifes at Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk, held in Truft for His Majefty, to execute a Conveyance of the fame to a Purchafer thereof.

,o7

43* An Aft for preventing the Deftruftion of the Breed of Salmon, and Filh of Salmon Kind, in the Rivers of England.	Ibid.

44.	An Aft to alter the Application of Part of the Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds granted by an Aft pafTed in the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AB for improving the Road from the City of Glafgow to the City of Carlifte.

45* An Aft for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parifhes.	115

46.	An Aft for Relief of Perfons entitled to Entailed Eftates,to be

purchafed with Truft Monies, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.	146

47.	An Aft to eftablifh Fever Hofpitals, and to make other Regu-

lations for Relief of the fullering Poor, and for preventing the Increafe of infeftious Fevers in Ireland.	147

48.	An Aft to amend an Aft, parted in the laft Seffion of Parlia-

ment to encourage the Eftablilhment of Banks for Savings, in England.	157

49.	An Aft to explain Three Afts, palTed in the Forty fixth,

Forty feventh and Fifty firft Years of His Majefty’s Reign, refpeftively, for the Abolition of	the	Slave Trade.	166

go. An Aft to amend and continue, until the Tenth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, an Aft palTed in the Fifty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, to repeal the Duties payable in Scotland upon Wafh and Spirits, and Diftillers* Licences \ to grant other Duties in lieu thereof j and to eftablifh

further

[Public General) 58° GEO. III.

vn

further Regulations for the Diftillation of Spirits from Cora, for Home Confumptiou, in Scotland.	169

51.	An Ad to amend certain Ads pafled in the Fourth Year of

King Edward the Fourth; Firft and Tenth Years of Queen Anne; Firft, Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of King George the Firft; Thirteenth, Twenty fecond and Twenty ninth Years of Sling George the* Second; and Thirteenth and Fifty feventh Years of Sling George the Third; prohibiting the Payment of the Wages of Workmen in certain Trades otherwise than in the lawful Coin or Money of this Realm.	174

52.	An Ad to continue, until the Twentieth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, an Ad of the Fifty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, for the more effedual Prefervation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding.

178

53.	An Ad for enabling His Majefty to make further Provifion

for His Royal Highnefs the Duke of Kentf and to fettle an Annuity on the Princefs of Leiningen, in cafe (he (hall furvive his faid Royal Highnefs.	179

54.	An Ad to grant certain Rates, Duties and Taxes in Ireland*

in refped of Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horfes, Carriages and Dogs, in lieu of former Rates, Duties and Taxes thereon; and to provide for the Payment thereof to the Colledors of Excife; and for the more effedual accounting for the fame.	180

55.	An Ad to continue, until the Fifth Day of Julg One thoufand

eight hundred and nineteen, Two Ads of the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, for repealing the Duties of Cuftoms on Madder, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu tnereof.	231

56.	An Ad to make perpetual an Ad of the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Maiefty, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of tne Silk Manufadures of Great Britain. Ibid.

57.	An Ad to amend an Ad of the Fifty fifth Year of His prefent

Ahje&y, for granting Duties of Excife in Ireland upon certain Licences, and for fecuring the Payment of fuch Duties and the regulating the i(Tuing of fuch	Licences.	232

58.	An Ad to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and Con-

tingent Expences of the Difembodied Militia in Great Britain ; ana for granting Allowances in certain cafes to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermafters, Surgeons, Surgeons’ Mates and Seijeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen.	23$

59.	An Ad for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of June

One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Irelandj and for making Allowances in certain cafes to Subaltern Officers of tfyj faid Militia during Peace.	237

60.	An Ad to Continue, until Three Months after the ceafing of any

Rgftridion impofed on the Bankof England from ifluing Ca(h in Payment, the feveral Ads for confirming and continuing the Re-ftridions on Payments in C*fh by the Bank of Ireland.	238

61.	An Ad for the better Accommodation of His Majefty’s Packets

Vfithin the Harbour on the North Side of the Hill of Hotvtb, and for the better Regulation of the Shipping therein.	239

A 4?	62.	An

The TITLES of the STATUTES, .

tin

62.	An Aft to continue, until the Firft Day of Augujl One thou-

fand eight. hundred. and nineteen, Two Afts of His prefent Majefty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to Lon-don and Wejlminjleri	*	240

63.	An Aft to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of

March One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, an Aft made in the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, to permit the Importation of Tobacco from any Place whatever.	241

64.	An Aft to make further Regulations refpefting the Payment of Navy Prize Money, and to authorize the Governors of Greenwich Hofpital to pay over certain Shares of Prize Money due to Ruffian Seamen to His Excellency the Ruffian Ambaffador. 242

65.	An A A for repealing the Duties of rlxcife on Verjuice and

Vinegar, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for more effeftually fecuring the Duties of Excife on Vinegar or Acetous Acid.	247

66.	An Aft to empower any Three or more of the Commiffioners for

the Reduftion of the National Debt to exercife aH the Powers and Authorities given to the faid Commiffioners by any Aft or Afts of Parliament.	261

67.	An Aft to provide for the more deliberate Inveftigation of Pre-

ferments to be made by Grand Juries for Roads and Public Works in Ireland* and for accounting for Money railed by fuch Prefentments.	262

68.	An Aft to repeal fo much of an Aft paffed in Ireland in the * Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An A8 for

taking away the Benefit of Clergy in certain cafes ; and for taking away the Book in all cafes ; and for repealing Part of the Statute for tranfporting Felons; as takes away the Benefit of Clergy from Perfons dealing privily from the Perfon of another; and more effeftually to prevent the Crime of Larceny from the Perfon.

278

69.	An Aft for the Regulation of	Pariffi Veftries.	279

70.	An Aft for repealing fuch Parts of feveral Afts as allow pecu-

niary and other Rewards on the Conviftion of Perfons for Highway Robbery, and other Crimes and Offences; and for facilitating the Means of profecuting Perfons accufed of Felony and other Offences.	282

71.	An Aft for granting to His Majefty a Sum of Money to be

raifed by Lotteries.	290

72.	An Aft for improving and completing the Harbour of Dun-

more, in the County of Waterford, and rendering it a fit Situation for His Majefty’s Packets.	294

73.	An Aft for regulating the Payment of regimental Debts, and the

Diftribution of the Effefts of Officers and Soldiers dying in Service, and the Receipt of Sums	due	to	Soldiers.	310

74.	An Aft for the further Regulation of Payments of Penfions to Soldiers upon the Eftablifhments of Chelfea and Kilmainham.*• 313

75.	An Aft for the more effeftual Prevention of Offences connefted

with the unlawful Deftruftion and Sale	of Game.	314

‘76. An Aft to fubjeft Foreigners to Arreft and Detention for Smuggling within certain Di dances of any of the Dominions of His Majefty; for regulating Rewards to the Seizing Officers, according to the Tonnage of Veffele or Boats feized and condemned $ 12	and

IX

(Public General) 5fe° GEO. III.

and for the further Prevention of the Importation of Tea without making due Entry thereof with the Officers of Cuftoms and Ex-cife.	315

77.	An Aft to repeal the Duty upon Rock Salt delivered for feeding

or mixing with the Food of Cattle, and iinpofmg another Duty, and making other Provifions in lieu thereof.	319

78.	An Aft to make further Provifion for the better fecuring the

Colleftion of the Duties on Malt, and to amend the Laws relating to Brewers in Ireland.	323

79.	An Aft to amend an AA of the Fifty fourth Year of His

prefent Majefty's Reign, for granting Duties on Auctions in Ireland.	332

80.	_ An Aft to amend an Aft paffed in the Fifty feventh Year

of His prefent Majefty, for permitting the Transfer of Capital from certain Public Stocks or Funds m Great Britain to certain Public Stocks or Funds in Ireland.	336

81.	An Aft for extending to that Part of the United Kingdom

called Ireland certain Provifions of the Parliament of Great Britain in relation to Executors under the Age of Twenty one Years, and to Matrimonial Contrafts.	340

82.	An Aft to prevent Frauds in the Sale of Grain in Ireland. 341

83.	An Aft to amend and reduce into One Aft the feveral Laws

relating to the manner in which the Eajl India Company are required to hire Ships.	342

84.	An Aft to remove Doubts a9 to the Validity of certain Mar-

• riages had and folemnized within the Britijh Territories in India.

85.	An Aft to carry into Execution a Convention made between

His Majefty and the King of Portugal\ for the preventing Traffic in Slaves.	351

86.	An Aft for raffing the Sum of Eleven millions fix hundred

• thoufand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year

One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen.	367

87.	An Aft for raffing the Sum of Eight hundred thoufand Pounds

Britifb Currency, by Treafury Bills, in Ireland, for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen.	Ibid.

88.	An Aft to amend Two Afta made in the lait Seflion of Parlia-

ment, for authorizing the IfTue of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works and Fiflieries, and Employment of the Poor ; and to extend the Powers of the Com-miffioners appointed for carrying the laid Afts into Execution in Ireland.	Ibid.

89.	An Aft to repeal fo much of an Aft patted in the Forty third

Year of His prefent Majefty, aB requires the Attendance of Magi-ftrates on board Veflels carrying Paffengers from the United Kingdom to Hib Majefty's Plantations or to Foreign Parts,	371

90.	An“Aft to alter and amend certain of the Provifions of an Aft paired in the Fifty firft Year of His Majefty's Reign, intituled An AB to provide for the AdnAhiftration of the Royal Authority, and for the Care of Hie Majefty*e Royal Perf on, during the Con-

• tinuance of Hie Majefty*e Illnefe; and for the Refumption of the Exercife of the Royal Authority by Hie Majefty.	372

91* An Aft for appointing Commiffioners to inquire concerning Charities in England for the Education of the'Poor.	37$

92.	An

X

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

92.	An Ad to confolidate and amend the Provifions of feveral Ads,

palled in the. Fifty firft and Fifty fecond Years refpedively of the Reign of His prelent Majefty, for enabling Wires and Families of Soldiers to return to their Homes.	380

93.	An Ad to afford Relief to the bond fide Holders of Negotiable

Securities, without Notice that they were given for a ufurious Con-fi deration.	. _ .	384

94.	An Ad to continue, until the Twenty ninth Day of September

One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, and to amend an Ad pafled in Ireland, in the Thirty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for the Improvement and Extenfion of the Fifheries on the Coafts of Ireland.	38c

95.	An Ad to regulate the Eledion of Coroners for Counties. 380

96.	An Ad to continue, for the Term of Two Years, and until the End of the Selfion of Parliament in which that Term (hall expire, if Parliament (hall be then fitting, an Ad of the Fifty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for eftablilhing Regulations refpe&ihg Aliens arriving in or refident in this Kingdom, in certain cafes. 388

97.	An Ad to prevent Aliens, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, from becoming naturalized, or being made or becoming Denizens, except in certain cafes.

Ibid.

98.	An Ad to explain and amend an Ad pafled in the Fifty firft

Year of His Majefty*s Reign, for rendering more effedual an Ad made in the Forty feventh Year of His Majefty9s Reign, for the Abolition of the Slave Trade.	389

99.	An Ad for altering and amending an Ad made in the Fifty

fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, to amend an Ad made in the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty, to improve the Land Revenue of the Crown, fo far as relates to the Great Foreft of Brecknock, in the County of Brecknock 4 and for veiling in His Majefty certain Parts of the faid Foreft, and for inclofing the laid Foreft.	390

xoo. An Ad for veiling in His Majefty certain Parts of the Hayes of Blrkland and Bilbagh, and of certain Commonable Lands and Open Uninclofed Grounds in the Townlhip of Edwinfiowe, within the Foreft of Sherwood, in the County of Nottingham.	398

101 • An Ad for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen. 422

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i.	A N Ad for making and maintaining a Rpad from Xba Town

of Stroud, in the County of Gloucfier, through Pitchcomb, into the City of Glouefier*	Page 435

ii.	An Ad to continue die Terms, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Ads pafled in the Twenty third Year ot the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, and in the Eleventh and

Thirty

{Local Sf Personal) 58° GEO. III.

XI

Thirty feventh Year* of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from the City of Tori to Boroughbridge in the County of Tori.	435

iii.	An Aft for extending the Powers of an Aft pafled in the Forty

fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for repairing Roads in the County	of Ayr,	Ibid.

iv.	An Aft for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging

the Powers of an Aft of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for improving the Road from Manchejler to Rochdale, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Lancajler ; fo far as relates to the Bury and Ratclijfc Bridge Diftrift of Road therein raetioned ; and for making Two new Branches of Road to communicate with	the	faid Diftrift of Road.	436

v.	An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His

prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads leading from the City of Gloucefier towards Cheltenham and Tewkejbury in the County of Gloucefier.	Ibid.

vi.	An Aft for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from

near the Town of Manchejler in the County of Lancafier to Hyde Lane Bridge in the County of Chefier.	Ibid.

vii.	An Aft for continuing and amending an Aft of His prefent

Majefty for repairing the Roads near the Towns of Hockerton, Kirklington, Southwell, Normanton and Winiboume, with a Branch from Kirilington to the Street Gate Road, and the Newark and Southwell Turnpike Road at Greet Bridge, in the County of Nottingham.	Ibid.

viii.	An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of feveral Afts

of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Crouch Hill, in the Parifti of Henfield, to the Turnpike Road leading from B right helmfione to Cuckfield, and from the Eaft Side of the faid Turnpike Road to the Crofs Roads in the Town of Ditchling, in the County of Sufiex.	‘	Hid.

ix.	An Aft for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the

Powers of an Aft pafled in the Thirty third Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Manchejler, in the County Palatine of Lancajler, to Salter's Brook, in the County Palatine of Chefier.	Ibid.

x.	An Aft for making more effeftual Provifion for Payment of the

Debt due by the Truftees for Turnpike Roads, in tne County of Peebles, and for other	Purpofes connefted therewith.	437

xi.	An Aft for continuing and amending an Aft of His prelent

Majefty, for repairing the Road from IPefi Cowgate, near New-cafile upon Tyne, to the Alemouth Turnpike Road, in the County of Northumberland.	Ibid.

xii.	An Aft for more effeftuaUy repairing and improving the Road

from Ardwici Green, near Manchefler, in the County Palatine of Lancafier, to the Bridge at the Corn Mills at Wilmjlow, in the County Palatine of Chefier.	Ibid.

xiii.	An Aft to amend an Aft of the laft Seftion of Parliament, for

enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His prefont Majefty, for repairing the Road leading frpm Towcefier to the Turnpike Road in Cotton End,	ia the Parifti of Ilardingdon,	in the

County of Northampton.	Ibid*

xiv.	An

XII

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

xiv. An Aft for repairing the Road from Blakedown Pool, in xIjc* Parifh of Hagley and County of Worcejler* to Birmingham in tlie* County of Warwick.	4.3	y

xv* An Aft for amending an Aft pafTed in the Fifty fixth Y" of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft for altering and enlarging the Powers of feveral Afts paffed for improving Port, Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and for better applying the faid Town with Water. Ibitf.

xvi.	An Aft to enable the Grand Junftion Canal Company to vary

the Liiu of Part of their Canal in the County of Hertford, and For altering and enlarging the Powers of feveral Afts relating to tlie* faid Canal.	Ibid-

xvii.	An Act to enable the Glouccjler and Berkeley Canal Company to

vary and alter the Line of their Canal; and for altering and enlarging the Powers of feveral Afts pafTed for making and maintaining the faid Canal.	4 3 &

xviii.	An Aft for enabling the Company of Proprietors of \hzThames

and Medway Canal to raife a further Sum of Money for completing the faid Canal, and the Works thereto belonging ; and for altering, enlarging and rendering more effectual the Powers for making the faid Canal and Works.	Ibid.

xix.	An Aft for altering, explaining and amending the feveral Afts of Parliament pafled, relating to the Birmingham Canal Navigations ; and for improving the faid Canal Navigations. Ibid.

xx.	An Aft for providing a convenient Houfe, with fuitable Accom-

modations, for His Majefty’s Judges at the Aflizes for the County of Leicejler ; and for making therein a convenient Place for the Jultices of the Peace to meet and tranfaft any Public Bufinefs of the faid County ; and alfo for the fafe Cuftody of the Public Records of the faid County.	Ibid.

xxi.	An Aft for altering and amending an Aft pafTed in the Forty

feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, for conftrufting a Pier and Harbour at or near the Town of Folkejlone, in the County of Kent; for varying the Limits, and improving and rendering more commodious the faid Pier and Harbour ; for raifing a further Sum of Money for completing the fame; and for extending the Powers and ProvifionS of the faid Aft.	448

xxii.	An Aft for enlarging the Church Yard	of	the	Parifh	of Chip-

ping Barnet, in the County of Hertford, and for other Purposes relating thereto.	Ibid.

xxiii.	An Aft to continue the Term, and to	amend and	enlarge the

Powers of feveral Afts pafTed for repairing the Road from Ciren-cejler to Stroud* and another Road therein mentioned, both in the County of Glouccjler.	Ibid.

xxiv.	Au Aft for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers

of Two Afts of the Eleventh and Thirty feventh Years of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road leading from Wem in the County of Salopt to the Lime Rocks at Bron y Garth, and feveral other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Denbigh ; for repairing and diverting the Roads leading out of the faid Road from Wem to Bron y Garth into the Turnpike Road leading from Ellefmere to Wrexham ; and for repealing fo much of the faid Afts as relates to a certain Part of the faid Roads.	Ibid.

... .	.	xxv.	An

(Local Sc Personal) 58° GEO. III.

xxv.	An Aft for repairing and maintaining the Harbour of the Burgh of Regality of Fraferburgh, in the County of Aberdeen.

448

xxvi.	An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers

of an Aft of the Thirty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Dover, in the County of Kent, through Deal, to Sandwich, in the faid County.	Ibid.

xxyii. An Aft for altering and enlarging the Terms and Powers of certain Afts, in fo far as the fame relate to the Road leading from the Toll Houfe in Paifley Lane, at the Weft Side of the Entry to the New Bridge of Glafgow, by or near Parkhoufe, to the Eaft End of the Bridge at Renfrew.	449

xxviii.	An Aft to extend and amend the Powers of Three Afts of

His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for building The Waterloo Bridge, and making Roads communicating therewith; and to authorize the Relinquiftiment of the repairing, lighting and watching of the Roads on the South Side of the Bridge, to the Truftecs of the Surrey New Roads, afting under Two feveral Afts of His pre-fent Majefty’s Reign, for making, widening and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the feveral Pari flies of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, Bermondfey, and Chrifichurch, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the faid Roads.	Ibid.

xxix.	An Aft for continuing and amending an Aft of His prefent

Majefty, for maintaining a Road from Wearmouth Bridge to Tyne Bridge, with a Branch to South Shields, all in the County of Durham.	465

xxx.	An Aft for repairing the Roads into and from the Town

ofTewkefbury, in the County	of Gloucefier.	Ibid*

xxxi.	An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Afts, for repairing the Roads from Lobcome Corner in the Parifh of Winterjlow, to Harnham Bridge in the County of Wilts, and from the Weft Corner of Saint Ahne's Street in the City of New Sarum to Landford, and other Roads in the County of Southampton.

Ibid.

xxxii.	An Aft for repairing and widening the Road from the Town

of Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to the Borough of Warwick, in the fame County.	466

xxxiii.	An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts

of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Halifax to Sheffield, in the Weft Riding of the County of Tork, fo far as relates to the Firft Diftrift of the faid Road, from Halifax to Huddersfeld.	Ibid.

xxxiv.	An Aft for repairing the Road from Bridgetown in the Parifh df Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, to the Top of Long Compton Hill in the fame County, and another Road therein mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick, Worcefer and Gloucefier.

Ibid.

• xxxv. An Aft for making and maintaining a Road from‘the Town of Sheffield, in the County of Tork, to join the Marple Bridge Road m the Parifh of Glojfop, in the County of Derby, with a Branch to Mortimer9s Road, in the Parifh of Hatherfage, irt the faidbounty of Derby.	Ibid.

xxxvi.	An Aft for more effeAnally repairing and improving the Road from the Weft End of the Town of Burton upon Trent, m the

County

xiv

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

County of Stafford, through the laid Town, to the South End oi the Town ot Derby, in the County of Derby•	466

xxxvii.	An A£t for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the South End of Angel Lane, in Brampton Bier ley, to a certain tPublic Highway in Mexbrongk ; and alfo from Clegg** Cottage*

in Ra*tumarjh, to the North Eqjl of Kilnhurjl Bridge ; and from the South End of the faid Bridge to the Weft End of the 'Village of Hooton Roberts, in the Weft Riding of the County of York.

Ibid.

xxxviii.	An Aft for diverting fuch Part of the Public Carriage Road

leading from Little Smeaton to Darrington, in the County of York, as is within the Townfhip of Stapleton ; and for (hutting up and difeontinuing a certain Footpath in the faid Townlhip.	4.67

xxxix. An A A for continuing and amending an A A of His prefent Majefty for repairing the Road from the North End of Famhurft Lane to the City of Cbichejler, and from Chicbefter aforefaid to Delkey, in the County of Stiffen.	Ibid.

xl. An A A for enlarging the Term and Powers of an AA of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads between the Horfe Shoe Houfte in Stoke Golding ton, in the County of Buckingham, and the Town of Northampton, and from the North Bridge of New-port Pagnel, in the faid County of Buckingham, to the faid Horfe Shot Houjt.	Ibid.

xli. An Afct for making and maintaining a Road from Lockwood to Meltbam, and a Branch of Road to Meltham Mills, all in the Parifh of Almondbury, in the Weft Riding of the County of Tori.

Hid.

xlii. An AA for more effeAually repairing and improring the Road between Warrington and Lower lrlam, in the County Palatine of Lane after.	Ibid.

xliii. An AA for more effe Aually repairing and improving the Road leading from Studley Bridge, through the Borough of Chippenham, to Pickwick, and from the Eaft End of Chippenham Bridge to Lower Stanton, and from the Eaft End of the laid Bridge to join the Road at Draycot Ceme, in the County of Wilts.	Ibid.

xliv. An AA for continuing and amending Two AAs of His prefent Majefty, for repairing feveral Roads leading from the Town of Poole ; and alfo for repairing other Roads in. and near the (aid Town, and from Cranborne to Coombt, with Two Branches to the Great Weftern Road, in the Counties of Dorfet and Wilts. Ibid. alt. An AA for continuing and amending an AA of His late Majefty, and Two AAs of His prefent Majefty, for repairing (everal Roads leading to and from the Town of Wincanton, and the Roads communicating therewith, in the Counties of Somerfet, Wilts and Dorfet•	468

xlvi. An A A for amending Two AAs of His prefent Majefty, (o Eai as the lame relate to the Eftabliftunent of Chapels in the Eaft WeJ and Wildmore Fens in the County of Lincoln.	lbu

xlvii. An AA to amend Two AAs, paffed in the Fifty fecond an Fifty fourth Years of His prefent Majefty, for indoftng the Tort of Delamcre'va tbe County of Cbeflcr.	Ib

xiviii. An AA for increaftng the tfund for carrying into Extent feveral AAs of His prefent Mafefty, for improving the Drain of the Middle and South Level* yTart of the Great Level of

(Local 8y Personal) 58° GEO. III.

xv

Fens called Bedford Level, and other Lands therein mentioned ; and for improving the Navigation of the River Oufe in the County of Norfolk and of the feveral Rivers communicating therewith.

xlix. An Ad for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Ad of the Thirty fixth Year of His pretent Majefty, for dividing, allotting, inclofing, draining and preferving certain Commons and Wafte Grounds within the Manor and Pariffi of Ramfey, in the County of Huntingdon, and for repealing a certain Ad therein mentioned.	Ibid.

L An Ad for draining and improving Lands in the Pariffies of Bray White, Waltham, Shottejbrooh, Lawrence Waltham, Binfield, Rufcomb, Wargrave, Rtmenham and Hurley, in the County of Berkt, and the Liberties of Whiff ley and Broad Hinton» in the Pariffi of Hurfft in the Counties of Berks and Wilts.	Ibid.

li. An Ad for building a new Gaol and Houfe of Corredion for the City and County of the City of Exeter.	Ibid.

fii. An Ad to alter and amend an Ad for eroding and maintaining a Bridewell, Gaol, Court Houfe and Public Offices, for the Burgh of Patfley and County of Renfrew.	469

Ini. An Ad for enlarging the Pariffi Church and Church Yard of Stmthminfter in the County of EJfex.	Ibid.

fiv. An Ad for cleaning, lighting, watching and otherwife improving the Town of Sheffield ;n the County of Tork.	Ibid.

1 v. An Ad for lighting with Gas the City of Bath and the Liberties and Precinds thereof, and that Part of the Pariffi of Walcot which lies without the Liberties of Bath, and the Pariffi of Bath-wick, in the Countv of Somerfet; and for conftruding Gafome-ters and other Works therein, and in the Pariffi of Wefion in the faid County.	Ibid.

lvi. An Ad for lighting with Gas the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the Borough of Leeds, in the Weft Riding of the County of Tork.	Ibid.

lvii. An Ad for lighting with Gas the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham.	Ibid.

lviii. An Ad for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Pariffi of Saint Giles, Reading, in the County of Berks, and a Room for the Ufe of the Minifter in performing the Burial Service ; and for flopping up one of the Footpaths over the prefcnt Church Yard of the, faid Pariffi.	Ibid.

lix. An Ad for better paving, cleaning, lighting, watching and improving the Streets, Lanes and other Public Places and Paffages of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenues within the Freedom and Royalty thereof; and for fupplying the Inhabitants of the faid City with Water.	Ibid.

lx. An Ad for rendering more effedual feveral Ads of His prefent Majefty for draining certain Low Lands on both Sides of the River Witham, and In Wildmore Fen, and in the Weft and Etffi Fens, and other Low Lands adjoining or contiguous thereto, in the County of Lincoln.	Ibid.

Ixi. An Ad forereding and maintaining a Harbour, and Works

468

xtiii

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN

?. A N Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Cranford, in the County of Middlefex•	Pag*	4QI

2.	An Aft for enabling the Truftees afting under Letters Patent

granted by King Charles the Second, to difpofe of certain old Aimfhoufes and other Premifes, held in Truft for the Parifh of Saint Martin tn the Fields, in the County of Middlefex ; and for veiling Part of the new Burial Ground belonging to the laid Parifh, at or near Camden Town, in the faid Truftees, as a Site for erefting new , Aimfhoufes thereon; and for other Purpofes.	Ibid.	[

3.	An Aft for inclofing Lands within the Parifh of Lavttjloek, in- '

eluding the Tithing of Ford, in the County of Wilts.	Ibid.

4.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Damerham South, '

in the County of Wilts.	Ibid.	1

5.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Warfop, in the County

6.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Tbelntiham, in

County of Suffolk.	Ibid.	1

7.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in Middop otherwife Midhope, in

the Parifh of Ecclesfeld, in the County of Fork.	Ibid.

8.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in Oxfpring, in the Parifh of Penifone,

and County of Fork.	Ibid.

9.	An Aft for inclofing Lands within the Manor of Ainfiable, in the

Parifh of Aistfiable, in the County of Cumberland.	Ibid.

10.	An Aft to amend an Aft made in the Fifty third Year of His

prefent Majefty, for inclofing Lands in the Parifhet of IJleworth, Hefion and Twickenham, in the County of Middlefex.	Ibid.

11.	An Aft for allotting Lands in the Parifh of Noke, in the County

of Oxford.	Ibid.

12.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Erpingham, Colby,

Banningham and Ingworth, in the County of Norfolk•	493

13.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Itterinvham, Oulton,

Wickmere and Wood Dailing, in the County of Norfolk.	Ibid.

14.	An Aft for inclofing Lands within the Parifh of Great Melton

otherwife Melton Saint Mary, and All Saints, in the County of Norfolk.	Ibid.

15.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Moreion Valence, and

in the Hamlet or Tithing of Putloe, in the Parifh of Standijb, both in the County of Gloucefler.	Ibid.

16.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Norbury, in the

County of Derby.	Ibid.

17.	An Aft to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Aft of His prefent Majefty,, for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Afarden,

EVIDENCE.

of Nottingham.

1

Sutton

{Private, printed,) 58° GEO. III.

Sutton Saint Michael, Sutton Saint Nicholas, and Withington, and certain Chapelries, Town (hips and Pari (he 8 adjacent thereto, in the County of Hereford.	Page 493

18. An A St for indofing Lands in the Parifh of South Moreton, in the Cwistjf of Barks*	404

19.	An Ad for inclofing Lands m the Parifh of Walfbam-le-lViL

lows, in the County of Suffolk.	Ibid.

20.	An Ad for indofing Lands in the Townfhip of Etton, ia the Parifh of Etton, in the Ead Riding of the County qf York. Ibid'.

21.	An Ad to enable Peter Penniall, and others therein mentioned,

to grant a Building Leafe of certain Premifes fituate in High Street, in the Parifh of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surrey.	Ibid.

22.	An Ad to enable the Trudees of Saint Paul** School, in the City

of London, to purchafe Buildings and Land adjoining or near to the faid School, for the better Accommodation of the Scholars, and for other Purpofes.	Ibid.

23* An Ad to enable the Governors of the Free Grammar School of King Charles the Second, at Bradford, in the County of York, to fell the old School Houfe, and to fell certain Lands belonging to the faid Foundation, and to apply the Money arifing by inch Sales in the Building of a new School Hopfe, and in the Purchafe of other Edates, to be veiled in the Governors on the Trulls of the faid Charity ; and to convey the Inheritance in Fee Simple, for building upon referved Rents, or to make Building Leafes of certain Parts of the Edates of the faid School; and alfo to enable the Governors to increafe the Number of Maders, and allow proper Salaries $ and for enlarging the Truds and Powers of the laid Governors.	Ibid.

24.	An Ad for effeding an Exchange of an Edate in the County

of Norfolk, devifed by the Will of Robert Harvey Efquire to John Harvey Efquire, under certain Limitations, for an Edate belong* ing to the faid John Harvey Efquire, in Fee Simple, to be fub-jeded to the like Limitations.	Ibid.

25.	An Ad for dividing and alloting Lands in the Paridi of Laken*

heath, in the County of Suffolk.	405

26.	An Ad for indofing Lands, in the Parifh of Bradford, in tne

County of Wilts.	Ibid.

27.	An Ad for amending an Ad of His prefent Majedy, intituled

An A3 for dividing and inclofing He worth Moor, in the Manor or Townfhip of He worth, in the North Riding of the County of York, and for extinguifbing the Rights of Stray and Average over certain Lands called Half Year Lands, Jttuate in the Suburbs or Pre-cinSs of the City of York; and for extending the Provifions of the faid Ad to the Inclofure of certain Lands in the Suburbs or Precinds of the City of York.	Ibid.

28.	An Ad for indofing Lands in the Pariihes of Kilmainham,

Saint James, Clondalktn, Crumlin, Newcqfile and Rathcoole, in the County of Dublin.	Ibid.

29.	An Ad for extinguifiling a limited Right of Common over certain Coppices or Woodlands and Grounds in the Parifh of Hurjlborne Tarrant, in the County of Southampton / and for allotting and fetting out a Part of tne fame, to be fubjed to a more extenfive Right of Common, in lieu of the Right extinguifhed.

Ibid.

a 2	30. An

xix

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

30.	An Aft for empowering Truftees to join, u to One undivided

Fourth Part of certain Eftatea derifed by tbe Will of Barnard Gentleman, deceafed, in the Sale of tbe Entirety of the fame Eftatea, and to purchafe other Landa to be fettled to the fameUfea ; and alfo for enabling the fame Truftees to join, as to the fame undivided Fourth Part, in makings Partition of the fame Eftatea; and alfo for empowering certain Truftees to join in granting Leafes of the Entirety of the fame Premifes, and for other Purpofea.	495

31.	An Aft for repealing an Aft palled in the Fifty third Year of

His prefent Majefty’a Reign, intituled An AB for	Part	of

tbe Settled Eftates of Sir Charles Knightley Baronet, which were

dev fed by tbe Will of Lucy Knightley Efquirc, in Treeflees, to be fold, and for laying out tbe Money	thereby	in	tbe	Purebaft

of other Eftatet to be fettled in'lieu thereof, and to tbe fame Ufet, andfor other Purpofet; and for vefting that Part and other Parts of the faid Settled Eftatea in other Truftees, to be fold, and for applying Part of the Money arifing thereby in thel>ifcharge of certain Incumbrances thereon, and laying out the Refidue of the fame Money in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	496

32.	An Aft to render effeftual a Conveyance of the legal Pee as to a Moiety of certain Hereditaments in the Parifhes of

Llangerrig and	Llandinam,in the County of Montgomery, belonging to Robert Ingram Efquire.	Ibid.

33.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Ljtcbet

ravert and Ljtcbet	Minfier, in the County of Dorfet.	Ibid.

34.	An Aft for effefting and eftablifhing an Exchange between the Reverend Robert Philip Goodenougb, Reftor of Carlton in Lta-

drick, in the County of Nottingham, and Henry Galley Knight Efquire, of Glebe and other Lands in Carlton aforeCaid*	.

35.	An Aft for veiling in the furviving and new Trufteea certain

Eftates and Property in Ireland of the Moft Honourable Walter Marquis and Earl of Ormonde in Ireland, and Baron Butler in England, which have not been fold or difpofed of under and by virtue of Three Afts of Parliament made in the Thirty fifth, Forty fifth, and Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His prefent Maiefty.	Ibid,

36.	An Aft for fettling a Moiety of a yearly Rent of Four hundred Pounds, difeharged from certain Entails created therein, upon William Danly Efquire and Caroline his Wife, and their luue.

Ibid

37.	An Aft for confirming an Exchange of certain Eftates in th Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, of which Sarah Hetberfett, Spi fter, is Tenant for Life under the Will of her late Uncle Jo Barker Efquire, for certain Eftates in the faid Counties to whi the faid Sarah Hetberfett and her Sifters, Jane Maria Hemfwo (Wife of Henry D*EJlerre Hemfwortb Efquire1), Ann An Hetberfett Spinfter, and Ifabel Huntington (Wife of John 3a Huntington Efquire), became entitled by Defcent from their Father Jama Hetberfett Efquire.

38.	An Ad for effefting tbe Sale of tbe fettled Freehold I of Thomas Leech tbe Elder, Efquire, fituate in tbe Couni

(Private, not printed,) 58° GEO. III.	xxi

Lincoln* Kent and Surrey t and for applying the Monies to arife by filch Sale in Manner therein mentioned.	Page	497

39. An Ad for veiling certain Pieces or Parcels of Land, and other Hereditaments, belonging to Sidney Suffix College, in the Univerfity of Cambridge, in Truftees for Sale with Powers to leafe on Fines, and for applying the Purchafe Monies, and Monies to arife from Fines, in Manner therein mentioned.	Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

4°* A ^ Ad for indofing Lands in the Tithing of Uplodere in the , Parifti of Lodertt in the County of Dorfet.

41. An Ad for indofing Lands within the Manor of Tel worth otherwife Talworth, in the Parifti of Long Ditton, in the County of Surrey.

43. An Ad for naturalizing John Adam Schweickhett.

43.	An Ad for naturalizing Martin Haherer.

44.	An Ad for indofing Lands in the Townfliip of Henfali9 in the Parifti of Snaith, in the County of Tori.

[Allotment for Tithes• Value of Tithes afcertained. If Pro-prietor bos not Jufficient Land to exonerate his old Inclofure from Tlthe9 the Deficiency to he made up in Money • How and by whom Tithe Allotments to be fenced• Tithe to continue payable till Allotments made.]

45.	An Ad for confirming a Partition and Divifion of certain Eftates fituate in the County of Pembroke, and in the Town and County of the Town of Haverfordwefif late the Property of Barret Bowen Jordan Efquire, and for fettling the Shares which upon the faid Partition and Divifion were allotted to each of the Parties therein described, to the feveral Ufes therein mentioned.

46.	An Ad for indofing Lands in the Parifti of Great Combcrton9 in the County of Worcefier.

[Allotment to ReSor and Impropriator in lieu of Tithes* Pay-ments to be made by Perfons not having Land to compenfatefor Tithes.	Expenses to Tithe Allotments deemed Part of general

Expenses.]

47.	An Ad for indofing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parifti of Berwick Saint Leonard, in the County of Wilts.

[Tithe Allotment• . Until Lands fet out Tithe to continue• Tithe Allotments to be fenced by the other Proprietors.]

48.	An Ad for allotting, exchanging and indofing Lands at Long	*

Load, within the Parifti of Martocky in the County of Somerfet.

49.	An Ad for indofing Lands in the Parifti of Ulceby with Fotherington otherwife Fordington, otherwife Forthington, in the County of Lincoln.

[Allotment for Great and Small Tithes. For fencing Glebe and Tithe Allotments. Tithes payable until Allotments are made.]

50.	An Ad for indofing certain Waile Lands in the Borough of Hellejlony and the feveral Pariihes of Wendron9 Mawgan in Me-neagc> and Sithney, in the County of Cornwall•

[Ad not to affid Tithes.]

51. An

xxii

The TITLES of the STATUTES*

51.	An Aft for indofing Week Moor, in the .County of Someerjhti and other Lands in the Teveral Parifhes of Curry Rivell$ Drayton» Swell and Fivehead, in the faid County.

52.	An Aft for indofing Lands in the Manors of Woodmancot, Nutbourne and Prinfted> in the Parifh of Wejllourne, in the County of Sujfex•

[Right to Tithes not to be affcBed.}

53.	An Aft for indofing Lands in the Parifh or Townfhip of WtWhorpe, in the County of Lincoln.

[Allotment for Tithes* The Allotments in lieu of Tithes to he Ring fenced by the other Proprietors. No Leafe of the Re3or9s Lands to he good unlefs His Majefty’s ConjentJhall he jirjt obtained.}

54.	An Aft for indofing Lands in the Manor of Trejham% in the Parifh of Hawte/buryi m the County of Gloucefier•

[Proprietors who choofe to commute Corn Tithes may do To. Expenses of Ring fencing Tithe Allotments to he confideredas Part of the general Expenses.]

55.	An Aft for indofing Lands in the Parifhes of Buckncll and Clungunfordf in the County of Salop•

[.Allotment to the Reffor in lieu of Great and Small Tithes. Tithes payable till Allotments are made*’}

56.	An Aft for indofing Lands in the Tithings of Froxfield and F^feld, in the Parifhes pf Froxjield and Milton,, in the County of

57.	An Aft to diffolre the Marriage of PhilipLeigb the younger. Gentleman, with Catherine Leigh his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again ; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

58.	An Aft for naturalizing Andrew Kaye.

59.	An Aft for naturalizing Alexander Lewis Prevo/l.

60.	An Aft for naturalizing Martin Diederich Rucker.

61 • An Aft for naturalizing William Frederick Linfingen Count Linfingen.

62.	An Aft for indofing Lands in the Parifhes of Bickenhill and Little Packington, and in the Hamlet of Didshngtou, all in the County of Warwick.

[Allotment for Great and Small Tithes. Tithes of Little Pack-ington to he commuted for by an annual Rent to he regulated by the Price of Wheat. 1

63.	An Aft for indofing Lands in the Parifh of Hacknefs% in the North Riding of the County of Tork.

[Provifo for Tithes, &c.}

64.	An Aft for indofing Lands in the Panfh of Skirheck% in the' County of Lincoln•

[Allotmentfor Tithes of old Inclofures, life* Commiffioner to after* tain the Number of Acres notfuhieS to Tithes in Kind;	Pro*

portion in which Proprietors Jhall contribute to Tithe Allot* ments. Allotments to he delineated upon a Plan and State* ments re/heStng Difcharges from TithesJfhewn to the Proprietors. Tithe Allotment to he fenced. tithes to he payable till Allotment made. Proprietors of old Inclofures who have not fujficient Lands to make Compensation for Tithes, to pay the Value thereof tofucb Perfons as the Commijfioners Jhall appoint.

Tenants

(Private* not printed*) 58° GEO. III.

Tenants for Life, &c. of old Inclofures empowered. to charge their Eftates with Money paid for difcbarginf the fame from Tithes.2

65.	An Aft for naturalizing Alexis James Doxat.

66.	An Aft to enable The Right Honourable Sufan Charierisf commonly called Dowager Lady Elcho, to take and ufe the Surname of Tracy» and to bear the Coat of Arms of the Name and Family of Tracy , purfuant to the Will of Robert Tracy Efquire, deceased.



THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GEORGIt III. Britanniaruiii Regis,

Quinquagefimo O&ato.

4	A I4 the Parliament begun and holden at Wejlminjler, the

*	Twenty fourth Day of November, Anno Domini 1812, in

*	the Fifty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord

*	GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United

*	Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the

*	Faith; And from thence continued, by feveral Prorogations, to 4 the Twenty feventh Day of January 1818 ; being the Sixth Seffion

*	of the Fifth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain

*	and Ireland.*

CAP. I.

An Aft to repeal an Aft made in the laft Seffion of ParliaifceUfj intituled An A3 to continue an A3 to empower His Majejty to fecure and detain fuch Perfons as His Majejly Jball fufpcEl are tonfpiring again/} His Perfon and Government.

[31ft January 1818.]

*	TT7HEREAS an Aft was pafTed in the lad Seffion of Par*- 57 G.3.C.3.

*	yY liament, intituled An AS to empower His Majejly to fecjire 4 and detain fuch Perfons9 as His Majejly Jball fufpeS are confpir*

4 tag again/l His Perfon and Government; which Aft was to con-1 tinue in force uutif the Yirft Day of July One thoufand eight

4	hundred and feventeen: And Whereas another Aft was afterwards 3; G.3.C.5J. 4 paffed in the fame Seffion of Parliament, intituled An A3 to continue 4 an AS to empower His Majejly to fecure and detain fuch Perfons at 4 His Majejly Jball fufpeS are conjfiring again/l His Perfon and 4 Government; which lad mentioned Aft was to continue m force 4 until the Fird Day of March One thoqfand eight hundred and 4 eighteen s And Whereas it is deemed no longer neceffary for the 4 Public Safety that the faid lad mentioned Aft, or. the Provifions 4 therein contained, fhould remain in forceTherefore be it enafted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in ^ this prefent Parliament adembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid lad mentioned Aft mall from and after the 57 G. 3. e.53. paffing of this Aft be and the fame is hereby repealed.	repealed.

58 Geo. Ilf.

B

CAP.

2	C. 2, 3.	58°	GEO. III.	A.X>.	1818.

cap. n.

An Ad to fufpend, until the End of the prefent Seffion of Parliament, the Operation of an Ad made in the laft Seffion of Parliament, to provide for the more deliberate Inveftigation of Prefentments to be made by Grand Juries for Roads and Public Works in Ireland, and for accounting for Money railed by#fuch Prefentments.	£l8th	February	1818.3

57 G.3. c. 107. € TTTHEREAS an Aft was palTed in the laft Seffion of Par-iufpended.	< VV 1 iament, intituled An AS to provide for the more deliberate

€ Inveftigation of Prefentments to be made by Grand Juries for Roads 1 and Public Works in Ireland, and for accounting for Money resifed

*	by fucb Prefentments : And Whereas it is expedient that the Oper-

*	ation of the (aid Aft (hould be fufpended in manner hereinafter

*	mentioned 5* Be it therefore enxfted by The Ring's Molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual ana Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affenxbled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid Aft, and all every the Provifions, matters and things therein contained, (hall ftand and be and continue fufpended and inoperative from the paffing of this Aft until the End of this prefent Seffion of Parliament \ and that from and after the paffing of this Aft all and every Aft and Ads of Parliament repealed, altered, varied, amended or in anyvrife affefted by the faid recited Aft of the laft Seffion, or by the Operation thereof, or of any Claufes or Provifions therein, (hall be revived and lhall ftand, be and continue of the fame Force, Virtue and Effcft, in all refpefts, and to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, until the End of thi6 prefent Seffion of Parliament, as if the faid recited Ad of the laft Seffion had not paiTed, and not other wife nor any further; any thing in the faid recited Aft of the laft Seffion contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

Aft may be al- II. And be it further enaded, That this Ad may be amended, tered, kc. this altered or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be palled in tins prefent .Seffion.	Seffion of Parliament.

Cap. 67% p<ift'~\

CAP. III.

An A& for continuing to His Majefty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain: and on Pen-fions, Offices and Perfonal Eftatea, in England s for the Set-vice of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen.

[23d February 1818.3 [This AS it the fame at 57 6. 3. r. 5. except at to tic Word*

“ and for receiving the Contributions of Perfoos receiving Pen-“ lions and holding Offices,” which are infertedin the title of that AS, — at to the Omiffton in this AS of Se$. 38. in 57 G, 3. c. 5.— at to Dales,— at to the SeSiont that are here retained,— and at to the Omijton of the Wordt ** by the Authority afqre* " faid,” in	SeSiont 5.7.10,11,12,13.14. and 15. and which

are	inferted in	the correfponding SeSiont of 57 G. 3. c. 3. and of

the fame Wordt in SeSiont 48, 49. $1. and 52. of tbit •which arc infertedin SeSiont 49,50. 52.01^53. 0/57 G.3.C.5.]

10*	XL.	And

A.jy. Isis.

58“ GEO. III.

3

C. 3, 4, 5.

XL. And be it further cnaded, That there (hall be provided and Moni« paid into kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majefty’s i Exchequer at fVeJlmi«/l'r One Book of Regifter, in which all the ^nbT.nmTd Money that IhaJl be paid into the Exchequer at tVeJtnun/Ur for the feparat« from faid Rates and Duties hereby granted on Sugar, Matt, Tobacco other Payments, and Snuff, and alfo the Rates and Affeffments hereby granted on Perfooal Eftates, and on Offices and Employments of Profit, Pen-I lions. Annuities and Stipends, fhall be entered and regiftered apart an<f rfirtimft from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majeffy.

JL. And be it further eha&ed, That the Surplus of the Monies Surplus Monies arifing from the Rates, Duties and AffelTments granted and impofed to he carried to by this Aft, after paying off and fatisfying all the Exchequer Bills CouWuUted iffued by rirtoe of this A (ft, together with the Intereft. that may be- iun“‘ come due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the fame, ffialf, as the Surplas of any fuch Monies refpe&iyely (hau be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer at	be carried

to and made Part of tne Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. IV.

Ait Ad for railing the Sum of Thirty Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen.	£23d February 1818.3

“ TREASURY may raife 30,000,0001. by Exchequer Bills, in «« manner prefcribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.—§ 1. The Claufes, &c. in “ recited Aft extended to this Aft. $ 2. Treafury to apply the “ Money railed. § 3. Exchequer Bills to be payable out of the “ Supplies for next Seflion. § 4. Intereft	Cent, per Diem,

** § 5. Exchequer Bills to be current at the Exchequer after “ April 5, 1819.—§6. Bank of England may advance 20,ooo,oool.

“ on the Credit of this Aft, notwithftanding 5 & 6 W. & M.—§ 7.

“ Aft may be altered, amended or repealed this Seflion. § 8.

CAP. V.

An A£t to indemnify fuch Perfons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify tbemfelves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the time limited for thofe Purposes refpe&ively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen; and to permit fuch Perfons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attorn ies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the Firft Day of Hilary Term One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, and to allow Perfons to make and file fuch Affidavits, although (he Perfons whom they ferved (hall have negle&ed to take out their Annual Certificates.

[17th March 1818/}

\TBht AS it the fame as 57 G, 3. c. 14. except the	**an<i

*r to allow Perfons to make and file fuch Affidavits, although “ the Perfons whom they ferved (hall have negle&ed to take ** out their Annual Certificates,” which are added in the Title of this Ad; oni except alfo the Dates and the SeSions which remain.]

B 2	«	VII.	And

a 5.

58° GEQ. III.

A.D. 1818.

Peribns who (hall caufe Contracts to be enrolled, and Affidavits of having ferved aa Clerks to Attornies, See. to be filed before Hilary Term 1819;

indemnified and difeharged from Penalties;

* VII. And Whereas many Perfons have omitted to caufe 4 Affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed in the proper 4 Office, of the a&ual Execution of feveral Contra&s in Writing 4 entered into by them to ferve as Clerks to Attornies or Solicitors, • Scriveners or public Notaries, in Great Britain, and fuch Contract, 4 and the Indenture thereof, to be enrolled within the time in which 4 the fame ought to have been done; and many Solicitors, Attor-4 nies, Notaries and others, may have omitted to take out annual 4 Certificates, or to enter the fame in the proper Office, and many 4 Infants and others may thereby incur certain Difabilities;* For preventing thereof, ’and relieving fuch Perfons, be it ena&ed, That every Perfon who at the paffing of this A& (hall have negle&ed or omitted to caufe any fuch Affidavit or Affidavits as aforefaid to be made and filed, or fuch Contract or Indenture to be enrolled, and who, on or before the Firft Day of Hilary Term One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, (hall caufe fuch Contrad or Indenture to be enrolled with the proper Officer in that Behalf and One or more Affidavit or Affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed in fuch manner as the fame ought to have been made and filed in due time, (hall be and is hereby indemnified, freed, and difeharged from and again ft: all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities and Difabilities, in or by an Ad or Ads of Parliament mentioned and incurred or to be incurred for or by reafon of fuch Negled or Omillion ; and every fuch Affidavit and Affidavits fo to be made, and which (hall be duly filed on or before the Firft Day of Hilary Term One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, (hall be as effe&ual to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame had been made and filed within the refpe&ive times the fame ought, by the Laws now in being for that Purpofe, to have been made and filed ; and that the refpe&ive Officer or Officers who ought to receive, file, enter or regifter fuch Contrad or Indenture, or Affidavit or Affidavits, (hall not refufe to receive, file, enter or regifter the fame, by reafon that the Attorney, Solicitor or Notary Public, to whom fuch Infant or other Perfon (nail have been articled or have contra&ed to ferve, (hall have negle&ed to take out his annual Certificate, or to regifter the fame, but Tuch Officer or Officers are hereby dire&ed and empowered to receive, file, enter or regifter the Perfon hiving fame, notwithftanding fuch Omiffion; and that every Perfon who (hall fe«ved ClerWhjp have regularly ferved any Attorney or Attornies, Solicitor or Soli-bTreafonof hi* c'tor8» Public Notary or Public Notaries, for the Term of Years Matter not required by Law, (hail not be prevented or difqualified from being having taken out admitted an Attorney, Solicitor or Public Notary, by reafon of any Certificate. Omiffion of the Perion or Perfons to whom he ferved for the faid Term, or for any Part thereof, having fo negle&ed to take out his annual Certificate or to regifter the fame; provided that fuch Perfon is otherwife entitled to be created and admitted to fuch Office by the Laws now in force relating thereto.

VIII. And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any A&ion, Suit, Bill of Indi&ment or Information, (hall from and after the paffing of this A & be brought, carried on or profecuted againft any Perfon or Perfons hereby meant or intended to be indemnified, recapacitated or reftored, for or on account of any Forfeiture, Penalty, Incapacity or Disability whatfoever, incurred or to be incurred by any fuch Negled or Omiffion, fuch Perfon or Perfons may plead the General Iffue, and upon their Defence give this Ad and the fpecial Matter in Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon.

8*

and Officer to receive and enroll, or file, tuch Contra# or Affidavit.

Perfons profecuted, and hereby meant to be indemnified, mry plead the General Ittiie.

CAP.

A.D.1818.

58® GEO. III.

C. G*

CAP. VI.

An A & for indemnifying Perfons who, fince the Twenty fixth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, have aCted in apprehending, imprifoning or detaining in Cuftody Perfons fufpe&ed of High Treafon or Treafonable Practices, and in the Suppreffion of tumultuous and unlawful Affemblies.	[ 17th March 1818.]

*	XT 7 HE REAS a traitorous Confpiracv was formed in Great Reciting that»

4 W Britain for the Purpofe of overthrowing, by means of a traitorous Con.

4 general Infurredion, the eftablifhed Government, Laws and Con- rP*,ra*7 y*

4 nitution of this Kingdom: And Whereas divers Perfons have (oTvmhrwSie 4 tumultuoufly, unlawfully and in a diforderly manner affembled Government, *

4 together in Great Britain, under Pretence orj for the Purpofe of and that it had 4 proceeding to London in fuch Numbers as greatly to difturb and been deemed

*	endanger the public Peace and Tranquillity, and to caufe Terror neceffary to im-4 and Intimidation in the Minds of His Majefty's loyal and peaceable Jv*feJeral Per-4 Subjects: And Whereas in order to fecure the internal Peace and fom fufp«aed

4 Tranquillity of the Country, and to counteract fuch traitorous of High Tree.

4 Confpiracy, it has been deemed neceffary, fince the Twenty fixth fon, &c. and to.

4 Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, from £,se the**

4 time to time to apprehend, commit, imprifon and detain in Cuftody 4 divers Perfons fufpeded of High Trealon or Treafonable Practices, necc(Tary to pro. 4 and to feize the Papers of divers of fuch Perfons, and alfo to dif- tedi the Inform.

4 perfe the Perfons fo tumultuoufly, unlawfully and in a diforderly art tgainft fuch

*	manner aiTembled together as aforefaid, and to apprehend, commit 4 and detain in Cuftody divers of fuch laft mentioned Perfons, and 4 to fearch the Houfes of divers Perfons for Arms and other offenfive

*	Weapons concealed or fufpeCted to be concealed therein: And

*	Whereas in cafe the ACts and Proceedings of the feveral Perfons 4 concerned or employed in fuch apprehending, committing, imprifon-4 ing and detaining in Cuftody, and difperfing and feizing and learch-4 ing as aforefaid, (hould be called in queftion, it may be impoflible 4 for them to juftify or defend the fame without an open Difclofure 4 of the Information given, and the means by which the faid traitorous 4 Defigns and unlawful Purpofes were difcovered; and it is neceffary 4 for tne Safety and Protection of the Perfons by whofe Information 4 and means the fame have been difcovered, and for the future Pre.

4 vention of fimilanPractices, that fuch Information and means ftiould 4 remain fecret and undifdofed : And Whereas fome of the faid ACtf 4 done may not have been ftriCtly iuftifiable in Law, but being done < for the Prefervation of the public Peace and Safety, it is & that 4 the Perfons doing the fame (hould be faved harmlefs in refpeCt 4 thereof ;* Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all perfonal Adioos and Actions, Suits, Indictments and Profecutions, heretofore brought. Proceedings on commenced, preferred or exhibited, or now depending or to be

hereafter brought, commenced, preferred or exhibited, and all prehendteg Judgments thereupon obtained, if any fuch there be or (hall be, and imprifoning Per-all Proceedings whatfoever againft any Perfon or Perfons for or on font charged account of any Ad, matter or thing by him or them done or with High Tree-

*	XL	a	0	___fon, See. made

B 8	commanded,	^ ^the

C.S.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Perfons againft whom fuch Actions are brought indemnified.

Geucral I flue.

Double Cofts.

la A&ions brought in Scotland Defenders allowed their Expences.

Provifo.

Application may be made to the Court in which the Aftion (hall be brought, or to one of the Judges if the Court be not

commanded, ordered, direfted or advifed to be done, fince the Twenty fixth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and feveqteen, for apprehending, committing, iqnprifonmg, detaining’ in Cuftody or difcharging any Perfon or Perfons who hath or have been imprifoned or detained in Cuftody for High Treafon, or Sufpicion of High Treafon or Treafonable Praftices, not relating to Coin, or for apprehending, committing, imprifoning or detaining in Cuftody any Perfon or Perfons who have been imprifoned or detained in Cuftody for having been fo tumultuoufiy, unlawfully and io a dif-orderly manner affembled as aforefaid, or for difperfiug any Perfona fo aftembled as aforefaid, or for feizing the Papers of any fuch Perfon or Perfons, or for fetching Houfes for Arms and other offeniive Weapons as aforefaid, (half be difcharged and made void; and that every Perfon by whom any fuch Ad, matter, or thing (hall have been done or commanded, ordered, direded or advifed to be done, (hall be freed, acquitted, difcharged and indemnified, as well againft The King’s Majcfty, His Heirs and Succeflors, as againft the Perfon and Perfons Co apprehended, committed, iraprifoped or detained in Cuftody, difcharged or difperfed, and all and every other Perfon and Perfons whom foe ver.

II.	And be it further enafted, That if any Aftion or Suit hath been or (hall be brought, commenced or had in any Court of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, againft any Perfon or Perfons for or on account of any fuch Aft, matter or thing as aforefaid, he and they may plead the General Iftue, and give this Aft and the Special Matter in Evidence ; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or forbear further Profecution, or fuffer Difcon-tinuance in any fuch Aftion or Suit, or if a Verdi & (hall pafs againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, the Defendant or Defendants (hall have and be entitled to Double Cofts, for which he or they (hall hsive the like Remedy as in other Cafes in which Cofts by Law are given to Defendants ; and if any fuch Aftion or Suit hath been or (hall be brought, commenced or had in any Court within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Court before whom or in which fuch Aftion or Suit (hall be brought, commenced or had, or (ball be depending, (hall allow to the Defender or Defenders therein the Benefit of the Difcharge and Indemnity hereinbefore provided, and (hall further decern the Purfuer or Purfuers to pay the Defender or Defenders the full and real Expences which he or they (hall be put to by fuch Aftion or Suit: Provided always, that in fuch Cafes in which any fuch Aftion or Suit (hall have been commenced before the Twenty feventh Day of February now laft paft, and in which the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Purfuer or Purfuers, (nail not have continued fince the Twenty feventh Day of February, or (hall not hereafter continue the Proceedings in any fuch Aftion or Suit, fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Purfuer or Purfuers, (hall not be liable to any Cofts or Expences.

III.	And be it further enafted, That if any Aftion, Suit, Iudid-ment, Information, Profecution or Proceeding hath been or (hall he brought, commenced, preferred, exhibited or had in any Court againft any Perfon or Perfons for or on account of any fuch Aft, matter or thing as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for the defendant or Defendant^, Defender or Defenders, in any fuch Aftion, Suit, Indiftment, In-formation, Profecution or Proceeding,, or for any of them, to apjdy

A.D.lSlfc	58°	6E0.	III.	C. &

by Motion# Petition or other-wife, in a fummary Way, to the Court in Which the fame hath been or (hall be brought, commenced, preferred, exhibited or had, or (hall be depending, if luch Court (hall be fitting, and if not fitting, then to any one of the Judges or Juftices of fuch Court, to ftay all further Proceedings in fuch Aftion, Suit, Indictment, Information, Profecution or Proceeding; and fuch Court, and any Judge or Juftice thereof when the faid Court (hall not be fitting, is nefeby authorited and required to examine the matter of fuch Application ; and upon Proof by the Oath or Affidavit of the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Application, or any of them, or other Proof to the Satisfaction of fuch Court, Judge or Juftiee, that fuch ACtion, Suit, Indictment, Information, Profecution or Proceeding is brought, commenced, preferred, exhibited or had for or on account of any fuch ACt, matter or thing as aforefaid, to make an Order for ftaying Execution and all other Proceedings in fuch ACtion, Suit, Indiament, Information, Profecution or Proceeding, m whatever State the fame lhall or may then he; and the Court or the Judge or Juftice making fuch Order for Stay of Proceedings in any ACtion or Suit as aforefaid fhall alfo order unto the Defendant or Defendants, Defender or Defenders, and he or they (hall have and be entitled to Double Cofts for all fuch Proceeding as (hall be had or carried on in any fuch Action or Suit after the paffing of this ACt, and for which Cofts he and they (hall have the like Remedy as in Cafes where Cofts are by Law given to Defendants or Defenders: Provided always, that it (nail be lawful for any Perfon or Perfpns, being a Party or Parties to any fuch ACtion, Suit, Indictment, Information, Profecution or other Proceeding, to apply by Motion, Petition or otherwife, in a fummary Way, to the Court rn which the fame (hall have been brought, commenced, preferred, exhibited or had, or (hall be depending, to vacate, dHcharge of fet afide any Order made by any Judge or Juftice of that Court for ftaying Proceedings, or for Payment of Cofts as aforefaid, fo as fuch Application be made within the firft Four Days on which fuch Court (hall fit next after the making of any fuch Order by any Judge or Juftice as aforefaid; and fuch Court is hereby required to examine the Matter of fuch Application, and to make fuch Order therein as if the Application had been originally made to the fed Court, but neverthelefs in the meantime# and until fuch Application ihalTbe made to the faid Court, and unlefs the faid Court (hall think fit to vacate, difcharge, fet afide or reverfe the Order made by any fuch Judge or Juftice as aforefaid, the fame (hall continue in full Force to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

IV. Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid. That if any Action or Suit hath been or (hall be brought, commenced or had in any Court in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ire-l*nd> for, or by reafon, or on account of apprehending, committing, imprifoning, detaining in Cuftody or difcharging out of Cuftody, any Perfon or Perfons in Ireland who have or hath been charged with High Treafon, or Sufpicion of High Treafon or Treasonable Practices, committed or carried on, or aljedged to have been committed or carried on in Great Britain, any Perfon or Perfons againft whom any fuch Adion or Suit hath been or (hall be brought, commenced or had, may plead die General Iflue, and give in Evidence this A& and the Special Matter, and (hall be entitled to Double Cofts in like Cafes in winch any Defendant or Defendants fued in Great Britain is or are

B 4*	hereby

fitting, to flay Proceedings,&c.j

and on Prctof by Oath or Affidavit of fuch Action commenced. Order may be made.

Double Coils.

Provifo for Application to fet afide Order.

h» A&ions brought in Ireland, General IiTuei

Double Cods $

58° GEO, III.

A. D, 1818.

e. e, 7.

nnd Order to ft ay Proceeding! ou fummary Application.

Per tons difeharged out of Cuftody, deemed legally difeharged.

Recital of Scat, ii Car. %. c x8.

And that the Governors of Dominica and St. Lucia had been obliged to open the Ports of the faid ((lands for Importation and Exportation of certain Articles, as herein fnentioned.

hereby declared to be entitled to Double CofU, and (hall hare the like Remedies for the fame; and the Court in Ireland in which fuch Action or Suit hath been or (hall be commenced whilft fitting, and the refpeftive Judges thereof whilft the Court is not fitting, are and is hereby empowered, authorized and required, upon Applications made for that Purpofe in a fummary Way by any Defendant or Defendants, to exaipine the Matter of fuch Applications, and thereupon to make Orders as tp (laying Execution and other Proceedings, and as to Double Coils, in fuch and tbe like Manner as is hereinbefore enabled and provided with refpeft to Applications made to any Court or Judge in England, and with fuch and the like Power to the Courts when fitting to vacate, discharge or fet afide any Orders made by any Judge of fuch Court when the (aid Court was not fitting.

V. And be it further enabled by tbe Authority aforefaid, That all and every Perfon and Perfons difeharged out of Cuftody as aforefaid, although he (hall not have been difeharged according to Law, (hall be deemed and taken to have been legally difeharged out of Cuftody.

CAP. VII.

An Aft to indemnify all Perfons who have been concerned in advifing, iffuing or carrying into Execution any Order or Orders for permitting the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms into and out of certain of His Majeft/s Wejl India Iflands.

[17th March 1818.]

<	XT 7 HE REAS by an Aft patted in the Twelfth Year of the ‘ W Reign of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, inti-

*	tuled An AS for the encouraging and increqfing of Shipping and 4 Navigation, and by other Afts of Parliament now in force, no 4 Goods or Commodities whatfoever can be imported into or ex?

*	ported out of any Lands, Iflands, Plantations or Territories to 4 His Majefty belonging, or in His Majefty’s Pofieffion, or which

*	may hereafter belong unto or be in the Poffeffion of His Majefty,

*	His Heirs and SuccefTors, in A£a, Africa or America, in any other

*	Ship or Ships, Veffel or Yefiela whatfoever, but in fuch Snips or *■ Veflels as do truly and without Fraud belong only to the People of

<	the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or of any of the

*	Territories thereof, in the manner and fubjeft to the Exceptions and 4 Regulations in the faid Afts refpeftively contained ; but Whereas,

4 notwithftanding tbe faid Afts, His Majefty’s Governor of the Ifland 4 of Dominica» and the Perfon afting as Governor of Saint Lucia,

*	have found themfelves under the Neceffity of opening, with the 4 Advice of their refpeftive Councils, the Ports of the laid Iflands,

4 for a limited time, for the Importation of certain Articles neceflary 4 for the Supply of the faid Iflands, Colonies, Settlements and Ter-4 ritorics, in Foreign Bottoms, and in like manner for the Export-4 ation of certain Articles the Produce of the faid Iflands in return 4 for the fame: And Whereas fuch Importation and Exportation 4 as aforefaid are contrary to the faid Afts of Parliament, but being 4 permitted from the Neceffity of the Occafion, the fame ought to be

*	juftified by an Aft of Parliament, and rendered valid and of due

4 Force

A.D.1818.

58* GEO. III.

C. 7.	d

1	* Force in Law, and all perfons advifing or iffuing any Order or

*	Permiflion of the {aid Governor, or Perfon afting as fach, ought to

*	be refpeftively juftified Be it therefore enabled by The King’s r Moft Excellent Maiefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Orders for the faid Orders and Permiffions be and be deemed valid accordingly, and Importation of of due Force in Law ; and that all perfonal Actions and Suits, In- Artkles into diftments, Informations and all Profecutions and Proceedings what- cOTtmy toThe ioever, which have been or fhall be hereafter profecuted or commenced recited Ad de-againft any Perfon or Perfons for having advifed or iffued or carried dared valid | into Execution any fuch Order or Permiffjon at any time before the «nd on Ad ion palling of this Aft, be, are and fhall be difcharged and made void broulbt» by virtue of this Aft; and that if any Aftion or Suit (hall be profecuted or commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for or by reafon of any fuch Aft, matter or thing fo advifed, commanded, appointed or done, he, fhe or they may plead the General I flue, and give this General Aft and the Special Matter ip Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any Aftion or Suit fo to be profecuted or commenced in that Part of the United Kingdom palled England, or that part called Ireland, or in the faid Wejl India Iflands, fhall become nonfuit, or forbear further Profecution, or fuffer Difcontinuance, or if a Ver-di6t fhall pafs againft fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants fhall recover his, her or their Double Cofts, for which Double Co<15$ he, fhe or they (hall have the like Remedy as in Cafes where the Cofts by Law are given to the Defendants; and if any. fuch Aftion or and io A&fcm* Suit as aforelaid fhall be commenced or profecuted in that Part of ,n Scotland, Great Britain called Scotland, the Court before which fuch Aftion or Suit (hall be commenced or profecuted fhall allow to the Defender die Benefit of the Difcharge and Indemnity thereby provided, and Indemnity and fhall further allow him his Double Cofts of Suit in all fuch Cafes as DouWe Cofts* aforefaid.

II.	And be it alfo enafted, That if any Aftion or Suit hath been If any Aaion* already commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any fuch Aft, brought, Pro-matter or thing fo advifed, commanded, appointed or done, it fhall ceedinga xn«y bw and may be lawful for the Defendants or Defenders in fuch Aftions m * Appj^ or Suit refpeftively, in whatever Court in the United Kingdom of tion; ^ Great Britain and Ireland, or in the faid Wefi India Iflands, fuch Aftion or Suit fhall have been commenced, to apply to fuch Court or Courts refpeftively to ftay all Proceedings thereon refpeftively, by Motion in a fummary Way, and fuch Court or Courts are hereby required to make Order for that Purpofe accordingly ; and the Court or Courts making fuch Order fhall allow and award to the Defendants or Defenders refpeftively Double Cofts of Suit, for which Double Coat, they (hall refpeftively have the like Remedy as in Cafes where the Cofts are by Law given to the Defendants or Defenders.

CAP.

58® GEO. III.

A.D.181

Govtrnors may

fufpeud or tako away Penfiom of Penfionert guilty of Fraud, or of attempting, &c. grofs Mifcon-dud.

54 G 3. c.l6.

C. 8, 9.

CAP. VIII.

An Aft to authorize the Governors of the Hofpital of Ring Charles the Second for ancient and maimed Officers and Soldiers of the Army of Ireland, (ufually called the Royal Hofpital at Kilmainham,) to fufpend or take away the Pen-Cons of fuch Penfioners of the faid Hofpital as (hall be guilty of any Fraud in refpeft of Prize Money or Penfions, or of any other grofs Mifcondud.

[17th Marsh 1818J

*	YT7HEREAS no fufficient Provifion is made for paniihing

*	VV Frauds in Ireland relating to Penfions or Prize Money of

* Soldiers; and it is expedient that Powers fhould be given to the

* Governors of the Hofpital of King Charles the Second, for ancient

*	and maimed Officers and Soldiers of the Army of Ireland, (ufually < called the Royal Hofpital at Kilmainham,) to take away or fut-

*	pend the Penfions payable at the faid Hofoital of fuch Perfons

*	as (hall be guilty of Frauds or other grofs Mifconduft ;* Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent ot the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afterabled, and by the Authority of the fame, TTiat from and after the pafiing of this Ad, upon Complaint and Proof being made to the Satisfaftion of the Governors of the faid Hofpital, or any Three of them, that any Fraud either with refpeft to the Receipt of Prize Money or Penfion, or any other Money in the Nature of Allowance or Bounty Money, hath been or (hall be attempted or praftifed by any Perfon being a Penfioner of the faid Hofpital, or that any fuch Penfioner hath attempted or praftifed any other grofs Mifconduft, it (hall and may be lawful for the Governors of the faid Hofpital, and they are hereby authorized to fufpend or entirely to take away the Penfion payable at the laid Hofpital to the Perfon fo offending 5 and upon the Order of the faid Governors under their Corporate Seal, or of any Three or more of fuch Governors, under their Hands and Seals, the Penfion therein mentioned fhall be fufpended or altogether taken away, according to the tenor of the faid Order; any thing in any other Aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-ftanding.

CAP. IX.

An Aft to further continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen. Two Ads of the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, for repealing the Duties of Cuftoms on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[17th March 1818.]

*	YT7HEREAS an Aft was pafted in the Fifty fourth Year of

*	W His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AEt for repealing

*	the Duties of Cuftoms on Madder imported into Great Britain, and

€ for granting other Duties in lieu thereof to continue in forte until

*	the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and /even*

1 teen:





58° GEO. Ill

11

C.9,10.

*	teen : And Where** another Ad was pafled in the Came Seffion of « Parliament, intituled An A3 to refiify a M'tjlake in an A3 of the € prefent SeJJton of Parliament* for repealing the Dutiee of Cufiome

■'	*	on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other

i	‘ Duties in lieu thereof: And Whereas an Ad was patted in the Fifty

r	‘ fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to

*	continue, ‘until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight

* hundred and eighteen» Two A3s of the Fifty fourth Tear of Hie

*	prefent Majejly, for repealing the Duties of Cufloms on Madder 1 imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu ‘ thereof: And Whereas it is expedient that the (aid firft recited

*	Ad, as altered by the fecond recited Ad, fhould be further con-

*	tinued$’ Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflerabled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid firft recited Ad, aa amended by the faid fecond recited Ad, (hall be further continued until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen.

CAP. X.

An Ad to redify a Miftake in an Ad» pafied in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign ,of His prefent Majefty, for punithing Mutiny and Defertion, and to indemnify certain Perfons in relation thereto.	[17th	March 1818.]

WHEREAS an Ad was made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of Hi* prefent Majefty, and pafTed on the Twenty ‘ fecond Day of June in the (aid Year, intituled An A3 for punching € Mutiny and Dtfertion* and for the better Payment of the Army and ‘ their Quarters : And Whereas it was in and by the laid Ad eo-‘ aded, that the faid Ad (hould continue in force within Great 1 Britain from the Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight * hundred and fifteen to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thou-< fand eight hundred and fixteen, and within Ireland* and in Jerfey, ‘ Guernfcy* Alderney* Sari and IJle of Man, and the Ifland* thereto 4 belonging, from the Firft Day of July One thoufand eight huw-‘ dred and fifteen until the Firft Day of April One thoufand eight < hundred and fixteen, and in Gibraltar* Spain and Portugal* from ‘ the Twenty fifth Day of Augufi One thoufand eight hundred and * fifteen to the Twenty fifth Day of May One thoufand eight bun-< dred and fixteen, and in all other Part* of Europe whew His * Majefty’s Forces might be ferving, and in. the WcjlIndies* North < America and Cape of Good Hope* from the Twenty fifth Day*

‘ 0Sober One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen to the Twenty fifth < Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, and in aUL « other Places from the Twenty fifth Day of February One thou-< fand eight hundred and fixteen to the Twenty fifth Day of March < One thoufand eight hundred and feveateeo: And Where** aw A& * pafied in the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign of Hi* prefent Majefty* 4 intituled An A3 for punijhing Mutiny and Defertion* and for the • better payment of the Army and their Quarters • And When*#* k 4 wax by the hxi Aft euafted, that the Uid Aft (hould continue- iw • force within the fcveral and refpeftive Countries and Place* men*

* tioned

54O.3.C. 17.

5$ O.3. c.69.

54 G. 3. c.a6. continued.

Recital of Stat. 55 G.3. c. 108.

§ 156.

36 G.3. c.xo. §157.

C. 10.

58° GEO. Ill,

A.D. 1 818.

And that 55 G.3.C.108. ought to have been continued till Nov. 1817, and that by Mif-take, March had been inferted infield of November.

Adis dene to be valid notwith-ftanding the Miftake of the Date of Continuance in firft recited Adit and Perfons indemnified.

1 tioned as aforefaid for the feveral and refpeAive Periods in the faid

*	laft recited A A fpecified, and in all other Places from the Twenty

*	fourth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and feven-

*	teen to the Twenty fifth Day of November One thoufand eight

*	hundred and eighteen : And Whereas the A As palled for punifhiog 9 Mutiny and Defertion, and for the better Payment of the^ Army and

*	their Quarters, have always been made to continue, in all* fuch other 9 Places as aforefaid, for a much longer Period than in the Place#

*	fpecified in the faid A As, on account of the Di fiance of fuch other € Places, and to allow of fufficient time for the Tranfmiffion of the

*	AA of the following Year; and the faid AA of the Fifty fifth 9 Year aforefaid ought therefore to have been continued, according to 9 the ufual Courfe of the faid AAs, as to fuch other Places, until 9 November One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen s And Whereaa 9 March was infertedin the laid laft mentioned AA by Miftake inftead 9 of November; and by reafon thereof, and of the fucceeding A A of

*	the Fifty fixth Year of His Majefty’s Reign being made to continue 9 in fuch diftant Places for the ufual Periods without fuch Miftake 9 in the preceding AA having been difeovered, the Provifions of the

*	faid AAs have not been in force in the Eafi Indies, and fuch other 9 diftant Parts and Places; and it is therefore expedient and neceflaiy 9 that fuch Miftake and Omiffion fhould be remedied, and that alt 9 AAs, matters and things which would, if the £aid firft recited A A

*	had been in force during the faid Period, been valid and effeAual,

9 fhould be confirmed, and that all Perfons who have during the faid

*	Period exercifed any Powers or Authorities, or done any AA*

*	matter or thing, which would have been authorized by tne faid

*	AA, if the fame had been in force, fhould be indemnifiedBe it therefore enaAed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all Powers and Authorities ufed and exercifed, and all Orders which have been iffued, given and obeyed, and all AAs done, and matters and things which nave happened or arifen in relation to the Punifhment of Mutiny and Defertion, and the Prefervation of Difcipline, and the Payment of the Army and their Quarters, which would, if the Provifions of the faid firft recited AA had been in force, have been valid and effeAual, fhall be and are hereby confirmed, and declared to be as valid and effeAual, to all Intents and Purpofes as if fuch Miftake had not arifen, and as if the faid firft recited AA had been continued to the Twenty fifth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, and the Provifions thereof had been in full Force and EffeA $ and all Perfons who have iffued or obeyed any Orders or done any AA in relation thereto, and all other matters and things which would have been good, valid and effeAual under the Provifions of the faid firft recited AA, if the faid AA had been continued to tbe faid Twenty fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and feventeen, fhall be and are hereby declared to be fully indemnified and wholly releafed from any AAion, Suit or other Proceedings for or in relpeA of having iffued or obeyed any fuch Order or done any fuch AA, and for or in refpeA of any fuch matters and things as aforefaid, as fully and effeAualty to all Intents and Purpofes at if the faid firft recited AA had been in full Force; and EffeA during fuch Period as aforefaid*

CAP*

A.D. 1818.

58® GEO. III.

C. ll.

13

CAP. XL

An Aft for punUhing Mutiny and Defertion and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[17th March 1818.]

WHEREAS the railing or keeping a Standing Army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in time * of Peace, unlefs it be with the Confent of Parliament, is again!!

* Law: And Whereas it is judged neceflary by His Majefty, and 4 this prefent Parliament, that a Body of Forces Ihouid be continued * for the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of the Poffef-4 Sons of His Majelty’s Crown, and the Prefervation of the Balance 4 of Power in Enrobe, and that the whole Number of fuch Forces Number of * Ihouid confift of One hundred and thirteen thoufand fix hundred Forces, 113,640. 4 and forty effe&ive Officers and Men, (including the Forces ftationed 4 in France,) and alfo Four thoufand two hundred Officers and Men 4 propofed to be dilbanded, but excluGve of the Officers and Men 4 belonging to the Regiments now employed in the Territorial Pof-4 feffions of the Eajl India Company, or ordered from thence to 4 Great Britain : And Whereas no Man can be forejudged of Life 4 or Limb, or fubje&ed in time of Peace to any Kind of Punilhment 4 within this Realm by Martial Law, or in any other manner than by * the Judgment of his Peers, and according to the known and eftab-4 liihed Laws of this Realm; yet neverthelefs, it being requifite, for 4 the retaining all the before mentioned Forces in their Duty, that an 4 exa& Difcipline be obferved, and that Soldiers who (hall mutiny or 4 (Ur up Sedition, or (hall defert His Majefty* s Service, be brought 4 to a more exemplary and fpeedy Punilhment than the ufual Forms 4 of the Law will allow %* Be it therefore ena&ed by The King's Moft Excellent Maiefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the A uthority of the fame, That if any Etery Officer at Perfon who is or (hall be commiffioned or in Pay as an Officer, or Private Man, who is or (hall be lifted or in Pay as a Non Commiffioned Officer or during the Coo-Soldier, (hall at any time during the Continuance of this Ad begin, excite, caufe or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in His Majeffy's	mutiny or defert,

Land or Marine Forces, or (hall not ufe his utmoft Endeavours to	fe.	7	’

fupprefs the fame, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or	v

intended Mutiny, (hall not without Delay give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or (hall milbehave himfelf before the Enemy; or (hall mamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrifon,

Fortrefs, Poll or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he (hall be commanded to defend; or fhall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrifon, Fortrefs or Poll, to deliver up to the Enemy, or to abandon the fame; or (hall fpeak Words, or ufe any other Means to induce fuch Governor or Commanding Officer, or others, to milbehave before the Enemy, or (hamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrifon, Fortrefs, Poll or Guard committed to their refpedive Charge, or which he or they (hall be commanded to defend; or (hall leave his Poll before relieved; or (hall be found or (hall be deeping on his Poll; or fhall hold Correfpondence with, or give found deeping Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel or Enemy of His Majefty, “P™1. cither by Letters, Mefiages, Signs or Tokens, in any manner or way	&

whatsoever $ difobey hi* fu-

U

C. 11.

58° GEO. III.

perior Officerf (hall fuffer Death, or fuch PuniOitnenc as a Court Martial may inflict.

Perfons accufed of capital Crimes, &c. to he delivered over to the Civil Magif-trate, &c.

Commanding Officer not delivering over fuch Offender,

dibbled.

Proceedings &c. of Courts Martial to be tranf-mitted to the Judge Advocate General to be preferved.

Mufter Rolls Ten Miles dif-tant from London, to be doled within 24 Hours after the Mufter, and returned within Seven DayitotheCom-mtffary General of Mufters, &c.

A.D. 18181

whatfoever; or {hall treat or enter into any Terms with fuch Rebq or Enemy, without His Majefty’s Licence, or Licence of the General or Chief Commander $ or {hall ftrike or ufe any Violence again ft ha| fuperior Offioer, being in the Execution of his Office; or fhall diiobey any lawful Command of his fuperior Officer; or {hall defer! His Majefty’s Service ; all and every Perfon or Perfons fo offending in any of the matters before mentioned, whether fuch Offence fhall be committed within this Realm, or in any other of His Majefty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, upon Land or upon the Sea, /hall fufPer Death, or fuch other Punifkment as by a Court Martial fhall be awarded.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if any Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier fhall be accufed of any Capital Crime, or of any Violence or Offence againft the Perfon, Eftate or Property of any of His Majefty*s Subje&s, which'ispunifh-abte by the known Laws of the Land, the Commanding Officer and Officers of every Regiment, Troop, Company or Party, is and are hereby required to ufe his and their utmoft Endeavours to deliver over fuch accufed Perfon to the Civil Magiftrate; and fhall alfo be aiding and affifting to the Officers of Juftice in the feizing and apprehending fuch Offender, in order to bring him to Trial r And if any fuch Commanding Officer {hall wilfully negleft or refttfe, upon Application made to him for that Purpofe, to deliver over any fuch accufed Perfon to the Civil Magiftrate, or to be aiding or affifnng to the Officers of Juftice in apprehending fuch Offenders, every fuch Officer fo offending, and being thereof convided, upon any Information or Indi&ment in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weftminjleri or in any of His Majefty’s Courts in Scotland) or in Dublin, fhall be deemed and taken to be ipfo fa8o cafhiered, and fhall be utterly difabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in His Majefty’s Service, and a Certificate thereof fhall be transmitted to the Judge Advocate in London.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That every Judge Advocate, or Perfon officiating as fuch at any General Court Martial, do and he is hereby required to tranfmit, with as much Expedition as the Opportunity of time and Diftance of Place can admit, dbe original Proceedings and Sentence of fuch Court Martial to the Judge Advocate General in London ; and the faid original Proceedings and Sentences are to be carefully kept and preferved in his Office, to the end that the Perfons entitled thereto may be enabled,' upon Application to fuch Office, to obtain Copies thereof, according to the true Intent and meaning of this A 61.

XLVII. And De it further ena&ed, That in Great Britain the Deputy or Deputies of the Commiffary General fhall, upon every Half Yearly Mufter taken by him or them refpeftively of any Regiment, Troop or Company in His Majefty’s Service, at any Place Ten Miles diftant from London, clofe the Mufter Rolls of the laid Regiment, Troop or Company within Twenty four Hours after fuch Mufter fhall have been made, and fhall return the Rolls fo taken by the Poll or other fafe Conveyance, within Seven Days after their being clofed, to the Commiffary General of Mufters; who fhall and he is hereby directed and required to tranfmit One Set of every of the faid Rolls to the Secretary at War, One to* the Paymafter

General

A.D. 1818#

58° GEO, III.

C. 11.

15

1

,, General of His Majeftv's Land Forces, and One to the Comptrollers r*' of the Accounts of tne Army, on or before the Firft Day of Mam

*	and Twenty ninth Day of September refpe&ively following luch Halt

*	Yearly Mutter: And no Alterations or Indorsements (hall be made f in or upon the faid Mutter Rolls, other than in the Cafe of Orders

of Leave or Dates of Commiifions, and other than involuntary Errors a or literal Miftakes in writing or tranferibing the faid Mutter Rolls,

*	upon Pain of forfeiting their refpe&ive Employments, and the Sum f of Twenty Pounds for every fuch Offence to any Perfon who (hall “ fue for the (ame.i

^ LXXXVIL And be it further ena&ed, That the Carnages for the Service of the Forces from time to time quartered or marching '■ in Scotland (hall be provided in like manner and at the Rates, and the fc Fumifher of fuch Carriages (hall be paid, as was dire&ed by the Law

*	in force in Scotland at the time of its Union with England : Provided i always, that a Cart with one or more Horfes, for which the Fur-

*	niftier (hall demand and receive the Sum of Nine pence per Mile, (hall i be required to carry Fifteen Hundred Weight at the leatt.

i * CXXXVI. And Whereas Doubts have arifen whether Officers 4 and Perfons commiffioned or employed in the Commiffariat Depart-t 4 meat, or in the Office of Storekeeper to His Majefty’s Regular 4 Forces, be within the Intent and meaning of this XA& $’ Be it declared and ena&ed, That all Officers and Perfons who are or (hall be commiffioned or employed in the Commiffariat Department, or as Storekeeper, or under the Storekeeper General, who are or (hall be ferving with auy Part of Hit Majefty’s Forces at Home or Abroad, and are or (hall be placed under tne Command of any General or other Officer having Commiffion from His Msuefty, (hall be, to all Intents and Purpofes, liable to the Frovifiona of this A&, and to the fame Rules and Articles of War, and the fame Penalties and Punifti-menu, as in the Cafe of His Majefty’s other Forces.

CLVII. And be it further ena&ed. That this A€t (hall be and continue in force within Great Britain from the Twenty fourth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen; and (hall be and continue in force within Ireland, and in Jerfey, Guernjiy, Alderney* Sark and IJle of Man, and the lftands thereto belonging, from the Firft Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight: hundred and eighteen, until the Firft Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen; and (hall be and continue in force in France, and in the Netherlander from the Twenty fifth Day of July ia the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight* hundred and eighteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of May in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen; and (InU, be and continue in force within the Garrifon of Gibraltar, and in Spain-and Portugal, from the Twenty fifth Day of May in the Year ot our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight.ham. dred and nineteen; and (hall be and continue iu force in all otbnr Parts of Europe where His Majefty’s Forces may be ferving; and in the Weft Indies and America, from the Twenty fifth Day of Jnfy One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen ; and (hall be* anjd

continue

Altering, &c. of lame.

Forfeiture of Office, and Penalty sol.

Carriage! in Scotland bow to be provided.

Rate!.

Perfons employed in the Com-miflariat, and Office of Storekeeper, liable to the Proviflons of this A&, while ferving with the Forces.

Continuance of

aa.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. mS-

GC.

Perfom againft commanded, ordered, dire&ed or advifed to be done, fince the whon^uch^ Ae-1 'fwcnty fixth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and indemnified?118 * feventeen, for apprehending, committing, imprifomng, detaining in Cuftody or difeharging any Perfon or Perfons who hath or have been imprifoned or detained in Cuftody for High Treafon, or Sufpicion of High Treafon or Treafonable Pra&ices, not relating to Com, or for apprehending, committing, imprifoning or detaining in Cuftody any Perfon or Perfons who have been imprifoned or detained in Cuftody for having been fo tumultuoufly, unlawfully and in a dif-orderly manner aftembled as aforefaid, or for difperftng any Perfons fo aftembled as aforefaid, or for feizing the Papers of any fuch Perfon or Perfons, or for fetching Houfes for Arms and other offenfive Weapons as aforefaid, (hajl be difeharged and made void; and that every Perfon by whom any fuch A&, matter, or thing fhall have been done or commanded, ordered, dire&ed or advifed to be done, (hall be freed, acquitted, difeharged and indemnified, as tfell againft The King’s Majefty, His Heirs and Succeftors, as againft the Perfon and Perfons (o apprehended, committed, imprifoned or detained in Cuftody, difeharged or difperfed, and all and every other Perfon and Perfons whomfoever.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That if any A&ion or Suit hath been or (hall be brought, commenced or had in any Court of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, againft any Perfon or Perfon 8 for or on account of any fuch A &, matter or thing as aforefaid, he and they may plead the General Iftue, and give this A& and the Special Matter in Evidence ; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or forbear further Profecution, or fuffer Difcon-tinuance in any fuch A&ion or Suit, or if a Verdi& (hall pafs againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, the Defendant or Defendants (hall have and be entitled to Double Cofts, for which he or they (hall have

Geucral I flue.

Double Cofls.

la Ad ions brought in Scotland Defenders allowed their Expences.

the like Remedy as in other Cafes in which Cofts by Law are given to Defendants ; and if any fuch A&ion or Suit hath been or (nail be

Provifo.

brought, commenced or had in any Court within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ the Court before whom or in which fuch A&ion or Suit (hall be brought, commenced or had, or (hall be depending, (hall allow to the Defender or Defenders therein the Benefit of the Difcharge and Indemnity hereinbefore provided, and (hall further decern the Purfuer or Purfuers to pay the Defender or Defenders the full and real Expences which he or they (hall be put to by fuch A&ion or Suitx Provided always, that in fuch Cafes in which any fuch A&ion or Suit (hall have been commenced before the Twenty feventh Day of February now laft paft, and in which the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Purfuer or Purfuers, (hall not have continued fince the Twenty feventh Day of February, or (hall not hereafter continue the Proceedings in any fuch A&ion or Suit, fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Purfuer or Purfuers, (hall not be liable to any Cofts or Expences.

HI. And be it further ena&ed, That if any A&iou, Suit, Indi&-ment, Information, Profecution or Proceeding hath been or (hall he brought, commenced, preferred, exhibited or had in any Court againft be brought or an7 * er^on or Perf°ns for or on account of any fuch A&, matter or one of the ’ thing as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, Judges if the	Defender or Defenders, in any fuch A&ion, Suit, Indi&ment, In-

Court be nut	formatipn, Profecution or Proceeding, or for any of them^ to apjfty

Application may be made to the Court in which

A.D. 1818.

58® GEO. III.

C. 6*

by Motion# Petition or other* ife, in a fummary Way, to the Court in which the fame hath been or fhall be brought, commenced, preferred, exhibited or had, or (hall be depending, if fuch Court (hall be fitting, and if not fitting, then to any one of the Judges or Juftices of fuch Court, to day ml further Proceedings in fuch Action, Suit, Indid-znent, Information, Profecution or Proceeding; and fuch Court, and any Judge or Juftiee thereof when the faid Court (hall not be fitting, is nCfeby authorised and required to examine the matter of fuch Application ; and upon Proof by the Oath or Affidavit of the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Application, or any of them, or other Proof to the Satisfaction of fuch Court, Judge or Juftiee, that fuch ACtion, Suit, Indictment, Information, Profecution or Proceeding is brought, commenced, preferred, exhibited or had for or on account of any fuch Alt, matter or thing as aforefaid, to make an Order for flaying Execution and all other Proceedings in fuch ACtion, Suit, Indiament, Information, Profecution or Proceeding, in whatever State the fame (hall or may then be; and the Court or the Judge or Juftiee making fuch Order for Stay of Proceedings in any Action or Suit as aforefaid fhall alfo order unto the Defendant or Defendants, Defender or Defenders, and he or they fhall have and be entitled to Double Cofts for all fuch Proceeding as fhall be had or carried on in any fuch Action or Suit after the paffing of this ACt, and for which Cofts he and they (hall have the like Remedy as in Cafes where Cofts are by Law given to Defendants or Defenders : Provided always, that it fhall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons, being a Party or Parties to any fuch ACtion, Suit, Indictment, Information, Profecution or other Proceeding, to apply by Motion, Petition or otherwife, in a fummary Way, to the Court in which the fame fhall have been brought, commenced, preferred, exhibited or had, or fhall be depending, to vacate, difeharge or fet afide any Order made by any Judge or Juftiee of that Court for flaying Proceedings, or for Payment of Cofts as aforefaid, fo as fuch Application be made within the firfk Four Days on winch fuch Court fhall fit next after the making of any fuch Order by any Judge or Juftiee as aforefaid; and fuch Court is hereby required to examine the Matter of fuch Application, and to make fuch Order therein as if die Application had been originally made to the faid Court, but neverthelefs in the meantime^ and until fuch Application fhall'be made to the faid Court, and unlefs the faid Court fhall think fit to vacate, difeharge, fet afide or reverfe the Order made by any fuch Judge or Juftiee as aforefaid, the fame fhall continue in full Force to all Intents and Porpofes whatsoever.

IV. Provided alfo, and be it enaffced by the Authority aforefaid. That if anj Action or Suit hath been or (hall be brought, commenced or had in any Court in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ire-land) for, or by reafon, or on account of apprehending, committing, imprisoning, detaining in Cuftody or discharging out of Cuftody, any Perfon or Perfons in Ireland who have or hath been charged with High' Treafon, or Sufpicion of High Treafon or Treafonable Practices, committed or carried on, or aljedged to have been committed or carried on in Great Britain, any Perfon or Perfons againft whom any fuch Action or Suit hath been or fhall be brought, commenced or had, may plead die General Iflue, and give in Evidence this Alt and the Special Matter, and fhall be entitled to Double Cofts in like Cafes in which any Defendant or Defendants fued in Great Britain is or are

B 4?	hereby

fitting, to flay Proceedings^&c.S

and on Proof by Oath or Affidavit of fuch Action commenced. Order may be made..

Double Cofts.

Provifo for Application to let afide Order.

A&ione brought in Ireland, General Iflue.

Double Cofts;

c. 6, 7-

38- GEO, III.

A.D.1818.

nnJ Order to (lay Proceedings on fummtry .Application.

Perfons dif-charged out of Cudody, deemed legally dif. charged.

Recital of Scat. u Car. %. c. 18.

And that the Governors of Dominica and St. Lucia had been obliged to open the Ports of the faid Iflands for Importation and Exportation of certain Articles, as herein pnentioned.

hereby declared to be entitled to Double Cofts, and (hall have the like Remedies for the fame; and the Court in Ireland in which fuch Action or Suit hath been or (hall be commenced whilft fitting, and the refpe&iye Judges thereof whilft the Court is not fitting, are and is hereby empowered, authorized and required, upon Applications made for that Purpofe in a fummary Way by any Defendant or Defendants, to exaipine the Matter of fuch Applications, and thereupon to make Orders as tp flaying Execution and other Proceedings, and as to Double Cods, in fuch and the like Manner as is hereinbefore enadled and provided with refpedl to Applications made to any Court or Judge in England, and with fuch and the like Power to the Courts when fitting to vacate, difeharge or fet afide any Orders made by any Judge of fuch Court when the faid Court was not fitting.

V. And be it further enadled by the Authority aforefaid, That all and every Perfon and Perfons difeharged out of Cuftody as aforefaid, although he (hall not have been difeharged according to Law, (lull be deemed and taken to have been legally difeharged out of Cuftody.

CAP. VII.

An Adi to indemnify all Perfons who have been concerned in advifing, ifluing or carrying into Execution any Order or Orders for permitting the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms into and out of certain of His Majeft/s Wejl India Iflands.

[17th March 18x8.]

*	TT7HEREAS by an Adi pafTed in the Twelfth Year of the

*	W Reign of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, inti-4 tuled An AS for the encouraging and increafing of Shifting and 4 Navigation, and by other Adis of Parliament now in force, no

*	Goods or Commodities whatfoever can be imported into or ex-r 4 ported out of any Lands, Iflands, Plantations or Territories to 1 His Majefty belonging, or iq His Majefty’s PofTeffion, or which 4 may hereafter belong unto or be in the Pofleflion of His Majefty, 4 His Heirs and Succeffors, in A£a, Africa or America% in any other 4 Ship or Ships, Veffel or Veflels whatsoever, but in fuch Ships or *. Veflels as do truly and without Fraud belong only to the People of < the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland^ or of any of the 4 Territories thereof, in the manner and fubjedl to the Exceptions and 4 Regulations in the faid Adis refpedlively contained ; but Whereas, 4 notwithftanding the faid Adis, His Majefty’* Governor of the Ifland 4 of Dominica, and the Perfon adling as Governor of Saint Lucia9 4 have found themfelves under the Neceflity of opening, with the 4 Advice of their refpedlive Councils, the Ports of the laid Iflands, 4 for a limited time, for the Importation of certain Articles neceflary 4 for the Supply of the faid Iflands, Colonies, Settlements and Ter-4 ritorics, in Foreign Bottoms, and in like manner for the Export-4 ation of certain Articles the Produce of the faid Iflands in return 4 for the fame: And Whereas fuch Importation and Exportation 4 as aforefaid are contrary to the faid Adis of Parliament, but being 4 permitted from the Neceflity of the Occafion, the fame ought to be

*	ju {lifted by an Adi of Parliament, and rendered valid and of due

4 Force

A.D. 1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. 7.

* Force in Law, and all Perfons advifing or iffuing any Order or € Permiffion of the faud Governor, or Perfon ading as fuch, ought to € be refpedively juftified Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Maiefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid Orders and Permiffions be and be deemed valid accordingly, and of due Force in Law ; and that all perfonal Adions and Suits, Indictments, Informations and all Profecutions and Proceedings what-foe ver, which have been or (hall be hereafter profecuted or commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for having advifed or iflued or carried into Execution any fuch Order or Permifiion at any time before the puffing of this Ad, be, are and (hall be difeharged and made void by Yirtue of this Ad; and that if any Adion or Suit (hall be profecuted or commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for or by reafon of any fuch Ad, matter or thine fo advifed, commanded, appointed or done, he, (he or they may plead the General lffue, and give this Aft and the Special Matter ip Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any Adion or Suit fo to be profecuted or commenced in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or that part called Ireland, or in the faid Wejl India Iflands, (hall become nonfuit, or forbear further Profecution, or fuffer Difcontinuance, or if a Ver-did (hall pafs againft fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants (hall recover bis9 her or their Double Cofts, for which he, (he or they (hall have the like Remedy as in Cafes where the Cofts by Law are given to the Defendants; and if any fuch Adion or Suit as aforelaid (hall be commenced or profecuted in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,\ the Court before which fuch Adion or Suit (hall be commenced or profecuted (hall allow to the Defender the Benefit of the Difcharge and Indemnity thereby provided, and (hall further allow him his Double Cofts of Suit in all fuch Cafes as aforefaid.

II. And be it alfo enaded. That if any Adion or Suit hath been already commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any fuch Ad, matter or thing fo advifed, commanded, appointed or done, it (hall and may be lawful for the Defendants or Defenders in fuch Adions or Suit refpedively, in whatever Court in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in the faid Wejl India Iflands, fuch Adion or Suit (hall have been commenced, to apply to fuch Court or Courts refpedively to ftay all Proceedings thereon refpedively, by Motion in a fummary Way, and fuch Court or Courts are hereby required to make Order for that Purpofe accordingly ; and the Court or Courts making fuch Order (hall allow and award to the Defendants or Defenders refpedively Double Cofts of Suit, for which they (hall refpedively have the like Remedy as in Cafes where the Cofts are by Law given to the Defendants or Defenders.

Orders for the Importation of Articles into certain Porta contrary to the recited Aft declared valid t and on Aftion brought,

General HTue.

Double Coil 5;

and in Aftion s in Scotland,

Indemnity and Double Cofts.

If any Aftiona brought, Proceedings may bo ftayed on fummary Application.

Double Cofts.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818«

Governors may fufpeud or take away Penfions of Penfioners guiUy of Fraud, or of attempting, &c. grofs Mifcon-du ft.

54 G 3. c. 16.

C. 8, 9.

CAP. VIII.

An Aft to authorize the Governors of the Hofpital of King Charles the Second for ancient and maimed Officers and Soldiers of the Army of Ireland, (ufually called the Royal Hofpital at Kilmainham,) to fufpend or take away the Penfions of fuch Penfioners of the faid Hofpital as (hall be guilty of any Fraud in refpe£t of Prize Money or Penfions, or of any other grofs Mifconduft.

[17th Marsh 1818.]

•	XT7HEREAS no fufficient Provifion is made for pnnifhing

•	VV Frauds in Ireland relating to Penfions or Prize Money of 4 Soldiers; and it is expedient that Powers fhould be given to the

• Governors of the Hofpital of King Charles the Second for ancient 4 and maimed Officers and Soldiers of the Army of Ireland, (ufually 4 called the Royal Hofpital at Kilmainham,) to take away or fui-4 pend the Penfions payable at the faid Hofipital of fuch Perfons 4 as (hall be guilty of Frauds or other grofs Mifconduft ;f Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the paffing of this A61, upon Complaint and Proof being made to the Satisfaftion of the Governors of the faid Hofpital, or any Three of them, that any Fraud either with refpeft to the Receipt of Prize Money or Penfien, or any other Money in the Nature of Allowance or Bounty Money, hath keen or (hall be attempted or praftifed by any Perfon being a Penfioner of the faid Hofpital, or that any fuch Penfioner hath attempted or praftifed any other grofs Mifconduft, it (hall and may be lawful for the Governors of the faid Hofpital, and they are hereby authorized to fufpend or entirely to take away the Penfion payable at the (aid Hofpital to the Perfon fo offending 5 and upon the Order of the faid Governors under their Corporate Seal, or of any Three or more of fuch Governors, under their Hands and Seals, the Fenfioo therein mentioned (hall be fufpended or altogether taken away, according to the tenor of the faid Order; any thing in any other Aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wile notwith-ftanding.

CAP. IX.

An Aft to further continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen*. Two Afts of the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, for repealing the Duties of Cuftoms on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[17th March 1818.]

4 Y T7HEREAS an Aft was palled in the Fifty fourth Year of 4 VV His prefent Majefty’a Reign, intituled An AS for repealing 4 the Duties of Cuftoms on Madder imported into Great Britain, and 4 for granting other Duties in lieu thereof to continue in force until 4 the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and /even-

4 teen:

58° GEO. III.

1]

C.9,10.

* teen : And Whereat another Aft was palled in the fame Seffion of < Parliament, intituled An A3 to reSify a Mijlake in an A3 of the 4 prefent Seffion of Parliament, for repealing the Duties of Cufiome 4 on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other 4 Duties in lieu thereof: And Whereas an Aft was palled in the Fifty ‘ fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’* Reign, intituled An AS to 4 continue, 'until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight 4 hundred and eighteen, Two A3s of the Fifty fourth Tear of His 4 pr*[**t Majefy, for repealing the Duties of Cufiome on Madder 4 imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu 4 thereof: And Whereas it is expedient that the faid fir ft. recited 4 Aft, as altered by the fecond recited Aft, Ihould be further con* 4 tinued $’ Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual apa Temporal, and Commons, in thisprefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of tbe fame, That the faid firft recited Aft, aa amended by the faid fecond recited A ft, (hall be further continued until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen.

CAP. X.

An Aft to reftify a Miftake in an Aft, puffed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for punilhing Mutiny and Defertion, and to indemnify certain Perfons in relation thereto.	[17th	March x 8 x 8*3

WHEREAS an Aft was made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and paffed on the Twenty 4 fecond Day of June in the laid Year, intituled An A3 for punching 4 Mutiny and Dfertton, and for the letter Payment of the Army and 4 their Quarters : And Whereas it was in and by the laid Aft co-4 afted, that the faid Aft Ihould continue in force within Great 4 Britain from the Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight 4 hundred and fifteen to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thou-4 fand eight hundred and fixteen, and within Ireland, and in Jerfoy, 4 Guemfey, Alderney, Sort and IJle of Mass, and the Ifiands thereto 4 belonging, from the Firft Day of July One thoufand eight hus-4 dred and fifteen until the Firft Day of April One thoufand eight 4 hundred and fixteen, and in Gibraltar, Spain and Portugal, front 4 the Twenty fifth Day of Augufi One thoufand eight hundred and 4 fifteen to the Twenty fifth Day of May One thoufand eight bun* 4 dred and fixteen, and in all other Parts of Europe where His 4 Majefty’8 Forces might be ferving, aud in the Wefi Indue, North 4 America and Cape of Good Hope, from the Twenty fifth Day of 4 0Sober One thoufand eight hundred, and fifteen to the Twenty fifth 4 Day of July One thou laud eight hundred and fixteen, and m all 4 other Places from the Twenty fifth Day of February One thou* 4 fand eight hundred and fixteen to tbe Twenty fifth Day of March 4 One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen: And Whereas a* Aft 4 pafted in the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign of Bis prefent Majefty, 4 intituled Ati A3 for punching Mutiny and Defertion, and fir the 4 better payment of the Army aetd their Quartere • And Wbenaat it 4 wa& by the fell Aft enafted, that the laid Aft fliould continue- i* 4 force within the fcveral and refpeftive Countries and Places men*

4 tioned

a;.

S* 0.3. c. 69.

54 0.3. c. 26. continued.

Recital of Stat. SS 0*3* c. 108.

§156.

56 G.3-C.I0* §IJ7-

C.13,

58? GEO. III.

A.D« 1818*

4I. to be paid for Licences for retailing Spirits within any Royal Burgh or Place not within the Highlands;

and il. in the Highlands, Royal Burghs, &c. excepted.

Duties under Commiflioners of Excife.

Duties how to be levied.

Former A6U in force.

•	Licences for retailing Spirits were, from and after the Fifth Day of 1 July One thoufand eight hundred and iixteen, repealed, and other

*	Duties were impofed in lieu thereof; but in the Impofition of filch

*	new Duties the Licence Duties which were intended to be paid by

•	Retailers in Scotland, of plain Aqua Vita only were omitted 5* For Remedy whereof, be it eAa&ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual ana Temporal, and Commons, in this prefcnt Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this A& there Ihall be raifed, levied, colle&ed and paid throughout Scotland\ to and for the Ufe of His Majefty, His Heirs and Sue-ceffors, the feveral annual Sums of Money hereinafter mentioned, for and upon all Licences to be taken out according to the Laws in each Cafe made and provided by Retailers of plain Aqua Vita only in Scotland» that is to fay, by every Perfon who, within the Limits of any Royal Burgh, Burgh of Barony or Regality, in any Part of Scotland, or in any Place in any other Part of Scotland other than within the Highlands of Scotland, limited and deferibed in the A Sts in that Cafe made and provided, Ihall retail any Spirits made or diftilled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg or other Briti/b Materials, and commonly called or known by the Name of Aqua Vita in that Part of the United Kingdom, for every fuch Licence to retail plain Aqua Vita only. Four Pounds; and by every Perfon who Ihall retail fuch Spirits within the feveral Counties and Diftri&» of the Highlands of Scotland, the Royal Burghs, Burghs of Barony or Regality therein excepted, for every fuch Licence Two Pounds.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Duties by this A A impofed Ihall be under the Management of the Commiffioners of Excife in Scotland for the time being.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That the feveral Duties and Sums of Money above mentioned and hereby iripofed Ihall and may be re-fpe&ively raifed, levied, colle&ed, anfwered, paid, recovered, adjudged and allowed, in fuch and the like manner as in and by any or either of the general or fpecial Means, Ways or Methods by which the former Duties of Excife re fpe&ively of the fame kinds refpe&ively were or might be raifed, levied, colle&ed, anfwered, paid, recovered, adjudged or allowed ; and the Retailers refpe&ively before mentioned mall be and are hereby made fubje& to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Reftri&ions and Forfeitures to which fuch Perfons in general, and alfo to all and every the fpecial Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftri&ions and Forfeitures refpe&ively, to which the like Perfons refpe&ively were fubie& or liable by any A& or A&s of Parliament in force immediately before the paffing of this A& relating to the Duties of Excife ; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed againft or in breach of any A& or A&s of Parliament in force immediately before the paffing of this A& made for fecuring the Revenue of Excife, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the feveral Claufes, Powers and Dire&ions therein contained, Ihall and are hereby dire&ed and declared to extend to and Ihall be refpe&ively applied, pra&ifed and put in execution for and in refpe& of the feveral Duties of Excife and Sums of Money hereby impofed and njade payable refpe&ively, in as full and ample Manner to all Intents and Purpofes whatever as if all and every

the

88° GEO. III.

23

C. 13, 14.

r the faid A&s, Claufes, Provifions, Powers, Dire&ions, Fines, Pains, r Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-ena&ed in the Body of this Ad.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That all the Monies arifing by the Duties and feveral Sums of Money by this Ad impofed and made payable as aforefaid, the neceffary Charges of railing and accounting for the lame excepted, (hall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at IVeJhninJler; and the faid Money fo paid into the Receipt of Exchequer as aforefaid (hall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

V.	And be it further enaded. That this Ad or any of the Provifions thereof may be altered, varied or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be palled in this Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. XIV.

An Ad to amend an Ad of the laft Seffion of Parliament, for preventing the further Circulation of Dollars and Tokens iffiied by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.	[19th	March	1818.}

WHEREAS by an Ad palled in the laft Selfion of Parliament, intituled An AS to prevent the further Circulation * of Dollars and Tokens ijfued by the Governor and Company of the 1 Bank of England, for the Convenience of the Public, it was enaded, < that from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thou-* fand eight hundred and eighteen, the Dollars and Tokens in the * faid Ad mentioned Ihould no longer pafs or circulate, or be re-* ceived m Payment or Exchange, or otherwife howfoever, under the < Penalties in the faid Ad mentioned: And Whereas a conliderable 4 Quantity of the faid Dollars and Tokens yet remain in Circulation, * and it is expedient to allow the fame to be tendered and received in * Payment, tor the Purpofes hereinafter mentioned, for the Period * hereinafter fpedfied ;* Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the faid Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, and until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, the faid Dollars and Tokens fhall and may pafs and circulate, and be received in Payment or Exchange, by fuch Perfons as lhall be willing to accept thereof, in like manner as before the paffing of the faid recited A 61 of the laft Seffion of Parliament, any thing in the faid recited Ad to the contrary in any-wife notwithftanding; and that it fhall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons, from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, and until and upon the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, to utter, offer and tender any fuch Dollars or Tokens in Payment of any Taxes, Rates or Duties under the Management of the Commil-fioners for Affairs of Taxes, or of the Commiffioners of Cuftoms or Exdfe, or Stamps in Great Britaint or of any Poftage, or ia the Purchafe of any Stamped Paper, or in the Payment of any Rent by the Tenants of any Lands, Tenements, Meffuages or He-

C 4	reditaments

Duties carried to

Confulidattd

Fund.

may be altered, &c. this Seffioo.

570.3. •.na-

il*

The time for Circulation of Bank Tokens and Dollars ex. tended.

C. 14, 15.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.181S,

Former A& to continue in force except as altered.

AS may be altered, See. this Seflion.

reditaments in Great Britain, or of any parochial or other public Rate, or in Payment to any Banker or Bankers, or any common Carrier, or to any other Perfon or Perfona whom foe ver, for the Purpofe of fuch Dollars or Tokens being tranfmitted to the. Bank of England; and that any Perfon or Perfons who (hall during the faid Periods refpedively offer, utter or tender in Payment any fuch Dollars or Tokens, according to the Proviiions of this Adt, (hall not be liable to any Penalty under the faid recited Ad; any thing it) the faid recited A d to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enaded, That the faid recited A61 of the lad Seflion of Parliament, and all the Proviiions and Claufes therein contained, (hall be and continue in full Force and Effed, except only fo far as the fame is and are altered by the exprefs Words of this

a a.

III.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad may be amended, altered or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be paffed in this prefent Seflion of Parliament.

a6G. j. c. 4i.

§x.

So far as relates to the Oaths taken by the Owners and Matters of Veflels repealed. Previoufly to granting Licence under recited Adi, the Owners and Mailers of Veflels to make Oath for the Performance of certain Particulars herein mentioned.

CAP. XV.

An Adi to amend an Adi made in the Twenty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for the Encouragement of the Fifheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davids Sir eights, fo far as relates to the Oaths thereby required to be taken.

[19th March 1818.]

WHEREAS an Ad was paffed in the Twenty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majeliy, intituled An A8 for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fijberies carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis’s Streights: And Whereas by the faid Ad certain Oaths are required to be taken by One or more of the Owners, and by the Matter or Chief Officer of every Ship or Vefiel going to and returning from the faid Filhery: And Whereas the faia Oaths may preclude Perfons from applying for and obtain* ing the Rewards to which they may become entitled in purfuance of any Ad of Parliament for discovering the Longitude at Sea, and encouraging Attempts to find a Northern Paffage between the At~ lantie and Pacific Oceans, and to approach the Northern Pole ;* Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Mott Excellent Majetty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That fo much of the faid recited Ad as relates to the Oaths to be taken by One or more of the Owners, and by the Matter or Chief Officer of every Ship or Veffel going to and returning from the faid Fifhery, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enaded. That previoufly to the Licence fpe-cified in the faid Ad being granted, One or more Owner or Owners, and the Matter or Chief Officer of fuch Ship or Veffel, (hall make Oath before the Perfons authorized by the faid Ad to adminifter the fame, that it is really and truly their firm Purpofe and Intention that fuch Ship (hall, as foon as Licence (hall be granted, forthwith proceed, manned, furnifhed and accoutred in the manner direded by the faid Ad, on a Voyage to the Greenland Seas and Davis9s Streigbti, or the Seas adjacent, and there, in the then approaching Seafon, to ufe

the

58° GEO. III.

C. 15,1(5.

25

the utmoft endeavours of themfelves and their Ship’s Company to take Whales or other Creatures living in the Sea, and on no other Defign or View of Profit in fuch Voyage, fave and except any Reward or Rewards offered by any Alt of Parliament for more effectually discovering the Longitude at Sea, or encouraging Attempts to find a Northern Paffage between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, and to approach the Northern Pole, and to import the Whale Fins,

Oil and Blubber thereof into Great Britain (naming the Port thereof to which it is their intention to return) ; and that, on the Return of any fuch Ship or Veffel to Great Britain, the Mailer and Mate (hall make Oath that they did, in purfuance of the Licence granted in pur-fuance of the faid Aft (mentioning the Day of their Departure), proceed on a Voyage direftly to the Places before mentioned, and nave not fince been on any other Voyage, or purfued any other Defign or View of Profit, fave and except any Reward or Rewards offered by any Aft of Parliament for more effeftually difcovering the Longitude at Sea, or encouraging Attempts to find a Northern Paffage between the AtlanticZ*nd Pacific Oceans, and to approach the Northern Pole, and that they did there (mentioning the time of their Stay in thofe Seas) ufe the utmoil Endeavours of themfelves and their Ship’s Company to take Whales and other Creatures living in thofe Seas, and that all the Whale Fins, Oil and Blubber (if any) imported in fuch Ship or Veffel, were really and bond fide caught and taken in the faid Seas by the Crew of fuch Ship or Veffel only, or with the Affiftance of the Crew of fome other Britijh built Ship or .

Veffel licenfed for that Voyage purfuant to the Directions of the faid Taking the recited AH; and the taking of the faid refpeftive Oaths in the Form Oaths as by this prefcribed by this All (hall (all the other Requifites of the faid Aft Aft, Efficient to being duly complied with) be fufficient to authorize the granting of the Licences for the Sailing of fuch Ships and Veffels, and the fences and* Payment of the Bounties granted by the faid Aft.	Payment of

Bounties.

CAP. XVI.

An All to continue until the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, and amend an Aft of the Fifty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for reducing the Duties payable on Horfes ufed for the Purpofes therein mentioned.

[8th May i8i8»]

4 TT7HEREAS by an Aft paffed in the Fifty fixth Year of the 56 0.3. c»66.

*	V V Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for reducing 4 the Dutiespayable on Horfes ufed for the Purpofes therein mentioned,

*	for Two Tears, and for repealing the ASs granting Allowances in 4 refpeS of Children, certain Duties of AffeffedTaxes were difcon-4 tinued and fufpended, and other Duties fubftituted in lieu thereof,

4 for the Term of Two Years next after the Fifth Day of April One 4 thoufand eight hundred and fixteen; and it is expedient to continue 4 the fame Kates of Duty in the faid All mentioned for a further 4 time to be limited :’ May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enalled; and be it enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled,

and bv the Authority of the fame, That the feveral Duties, and the Duties continued Regulations and Provifions for affefiing, charging, railing, levying, under the Re-

colleftipg guUtious therein

mentioned till April 5,1819.

In what cafe Perfom haring Farms of lefs Annual Value thanjol.whereof Part (hall be let, not precluded from Benefit of reduced AfleflT-ment.

Duties now payable on Four Wheel Carriages of a certain Defcription, and not drawn by Horfes,&c. made to ceafe. New Duties*.

C. 16, 17.	58®	GEO.	III.	A.D.1818.

colle&ing and applying the fame, in the faid A & mentioned, (hall be and the un\e are hereby feverally continued from the Fifth Day of Abril One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen until the Fifth Day 01 Abril One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen.

‘ II. And Whereas by the faid recited Ad, Perfons occupying 1 Farm8, whether as Owners or Tenants, are not entitled to be aifeffed

*	at the reduced Rates of Duty therein mentioned, unlefs they re-

*	fpedively make their Livelihood folely by fuch Occupation ; with

*	a Proviio, that in certain Cafes an Annual Income not exceeding 1 Ten Pounds Sterling, arifing from any other Source than therein

<	mentioned, (hall not preclude any Occupier of Lands therein de-‘ fcribed from the benefit of fuch reduced Affeflmeut: And Whereas

<	it is expedient that in fmall Farms of the Value and Defcription 1 hereinafter mentioned, the refpe&ive Owners or Tenants thereof

*	fhould not be precluded from the benefit of the reduced Afleflment

*	provided by the faid AdBe it further enaded, That from and after the faid Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, where any Perfon having or being poflefled of or entitled unto any Farm of Lands which, eftiraated according to the (aid Ad, (hall in the whole be of lefs Annual Value than Fifty Pounds Sterling, whereof a Part (hall be let or underlet by him or her, nothing in the faid Ad contained (hall be conftrued to preclude fuch Perfon from ' the benefit of the reduced Afiefiment in the faid Ad provided in 1 jnefped of the Lands in his or her Occupation, by reafon that he or (he (hall have an Income from the Lands lb let or underlet, he or (he making his or her Livelihood wholly from the faid Farm or Lands

fo occupied, let or underlet by him or her as aforefaid, and not from any other Source, and which (hall together not exceed the Value of Fifty Pounds per Annum, eftimated as aforefaid.

CAP. XVII.

An A£t for charging certain Duties on Four wheeled Carriages conftruded and drawn in the manner therein defcribed.

[8th May 1818.]

<	TT 7 HE REAS it is expedient to reduce the Duties payable on

*	W Four Wheel Carnages conftruded and drawn in manner

*	herein mentionedBe it therefore enaded by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, the Duties impoied on Four Wheel Carriages of the Defcription herein mentioned, and not drawn byfany Horfes, Mares or Geldings, or Mules, (hall ceafe and determine ; and that from and after the faid Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, there (hall be lubftituted, charged and paid to His Mjaefty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, the Rates and Duties following ; videlicet.

For every Carriage having Four Wheels of lefs Diameter than Thirty Inches each, which in every refpedt (hall be built, conftru&ed, marked and defcribed as a Taxed Cart according to the Regulations preferibed by Law for Taxed Carts, except as to the Number of Wheels as before mentioned, and which (hall be drawn by any One Poney or Mule not exceeding Twelve Hands in Height, or by an Ox

or

AJX1818.

. 58° GEO. III.

C.17.

27

or Afs, and of which Carriage the original Price (hall not have exceeded, or the Value (hall not at any time exceed, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds Sterling, and which (hall not be conftruCted with a Spring or Springs of any Materials whatever, there (hall be charged the annual Sum of One Pound and Nine Shillings; and if fuch Carriage (hall be conftru&ed with a Spring or Springs of any Materials whatever, except of Iron, Steel or any other metallic Subftance, either wholly or in part, there (hall be charged the annual Sum of Two Pounds and Fifteen Shillings:

For every Carriage having Four Wheels of lefs Diameter than Thirty Inches each, conftruCted, marked or defcribed in any manner different from a Taxed Cart, or contrary to the Regulations pre-fcribed by Law for Taxed Carts, except as to the Number of Wheels as aforefaid, or conftruCted with a Spring or Springs of Iron, Steel or any other metallic Subftance, or which (hall be drawn by any Two or more Ponies or Mules not exceeding Twelve Hands in Height, or Oxen or Affes as aforefaid, of which Carriage the original Price (hall have exceeded, qjr the Value thereof (hall at any time exceed, the Sam of Fifteen Pounds Sterling, there (hall be charged the refpeftive Sums payable by Law on Carriages with lefs than Four Wheels, and according to the Number of Beads ufed in drawing the faid Carriages with Four fuch Wheels as aforefaid, and the additional Body or Bodies fucceffively nfed on the fame Carriage or Number of Wheels ;

Provided, that for every fuch Carriage with Four Wheels not conftruCted according to the Directions of this ACt, or conftruCted according to the faid Directions, but drawn in any manner contrary to the faid Directions, there (hall be charged the refpeCtive Sums payable by Law on Carriages with Four Wheels.

II.	And be it further ena&ed. That the feveral Duties on Carriages herein mentioned (hall be affeffed, railed, levied, paid and accounted for under the Provi(ions and Regulations of the feveral ACta in force at and immediately before the pafiing of this ACt, in relation to the Duties of Affeffed Taxes, and this Aft (hall be conftrued in fuch manner and to the like EffeCt in all refpeCts as if the (aid Duties on Carriages were exprefsly direded to be charged, under and fubieCt to the feveral Provifions, Exemptions and Penalties in the faid ACts contained, and as if the laid feveral Provifions, Exemptions and Penalties were exprefsly enaCted in this ACt; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, matters and things contained in fuch ACts refpeCtively, fo far as the fame are respectively applicable to the Duties on Carriages mentioned in this ACt, (hall (everally and re-fpeCtively, in the Execution of this Ad, be duly obferved, praCtifed and put in Execution throughout Great Brstatnf as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the feme Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, matters and things were particularly and refpeCtively repeated and re-enaCted in the Body of this ACt, and (hall feverally be applied, conftrued, deemed and taken to belong to this ACt, in like manner as if the fame had been enacted herein, and exprefsly applied to the faid Duties on Carriages herein mentioned.

III.	And be it further enaCted, That all the Monies arifing by the Duties hereby impofed, or by the Duties hereby confoli dated

(the

Doties to be * levied and paid a* by former A&».

Duties carried Co

Coofolidated

Fund.

C. I?, 18, 19.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

Alt may be altered, &c. this Seffion.

Additional Duty of 3*. 6d. per Pound Weight.

To be levied as any Duty of Cuftomsin Ireland.

A& may be upended, altered or repealed ibis Seflion.

47 G. 3. SelT. 2, c. 38.

49 O. 3. c. 49*

(the neceflary Charges of raifing and accounting for the fame excepted), (hall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wefiminfier, in One Sum, to the Account of Affefled Taxes, and (hall be carried to and be made Part of the Con-folidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* IV. And be it further enatled, That this Ad or any of the Pro-vifions thereof may be altered, varied or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be made in this prefent Seflion of Parliament.

cap. xvm.

An Ad to charge an additional Duty on Corks ready made, imported into Ireland.	[8th May	1818.]

< “ITT HE REAS it is expedient that an additional Duty of Cuftoms

*	W (hould be impofed on all Corks ready made, imported into

*	Ireland;’ Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moit Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembied, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Ad there (hall be railed, levied, colleded and paid, unto His Majefty, His Heirs and Succefiors, upon all Corks ready made, imported into Ireland, an additional Duty of Cuftoms of Three Shillings and Sixpence Britifb Currency for every Pound Weight.

*	II. And be it further enaded, That the additional Duty of Cuftoms hereby impofed (hall be managed, afeertained, raifed, levied, colleded, paid, recovered and applied in fuch and the like manner as any Duties of Cuftoms in Ireland of the like Nature are managed, afeertained, raifed, levied, colleded, paid, recovered and applied.

III. And be it further enaded, That this Ad may be amended, altered or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be made in this prefent Seflion of Parliament.

CAP. XIX.

An A£t to allow for Three Years, and until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Seflion of Parliament, the Importation into Ports fpecially appointed by His Majefty, within the Provinces of Nova Scotia and New Brttnfwicky of the Articles therein enumerated, and the Re-exportation thereof from fuch Ports.	[8th	May 1818.]

4 YT THERE AS by an Ad paffed in the Forty feventh Year of 4 VV His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for permitting, until 4 the Twenty fifth Day of March One tboufand eight hundred and nine, 4 and from thence to the End of the then next Scfjton of Parliament 4 the Importation of certain enumerated Articlee into the Britifh Co* 4 Ionics on the Continent of North America, from the United States 4 of America, and the Exhortation of other enumerated Articles from 4 the fame Colonies to the Jaid States ; which faid Ad was continued 4 and extended by an Ad palled in the Forty ninth Year of His 4 Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to authorize His Majefty to per-4 mit9 until the Twenty fifth Day of March One tboufand eight hundred 4 and twelve, any Goods and Commodities to he imported into and ex-4 portedfrom Nova Scotia and New Brunfwick in any Ship or Veffel

4 wbatfoever :

58® GEO. III.

C. 19.

29

*	wbatfocvcr ; which laft mentioned Adi was continued by an Adi

*	patied in the Fifty fecond Year of His Majefty *s Reign ; fundry

*	*	Articles were	allowed to be imported into and exported from cer-

1	4	tain Ports in	His Majefty’s Colonies of Nova Scotia and New

4 Brunfwick from and to certain Foreign Ports, which Ads have t	4	now expired s	And Whereas great Advantage refulted to the faid

•	4	Colonies from	the Facilities given to the Trade thereof by the faid

4 Adis: And Whereas it is expedient to grant fimilar Facilities at 4 the prefent timeBe it therefore enadledby The King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons* in this prefent Parliament

, aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame* That from and after the palling of this Adi it lhall and may be lawful* in any Briti/b built Ship or Veflel owned and navigated according to Law* or 1 in any Ship or VefTel belonging to the Subjedls of any Sovereign or State in Amity with His Majefty, to import into fuch Ports as ihall be fpecially appointed for that Purpofe by His Majefty* within the Province of Nova Scotia or New Brunfwick, the following Articles ; videlicet, Scantling* Planks* Staves* Heading Boards* Shingles*

| Hoops, Horfes, Neat Cattle* Sheep* Hogs* Poultry* or Live Stock* of any Sort, Bread* Bifcuit* Flour* Peas, Beans* Potatoes* Wheat*

1 Rice* Oats, Barley or Grain of any Sort, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine*

! Fruits* Seeds and Tobacco.

II.	Provided always* and be it further enadled* That none of the aforefaid Articles (hall be imported into the faid Ports fo to be fpecially appointed, in Foreign Veflels, unlefs the faid Articles lhall be of the Growth, Produce or Manufa&ure of the Country to which the Veflels importing the fame lhall belong.

III.	And be it further enadled, That it lhall be lawful to re-export any of the faid Articles either to the United Kingdom* or to any other of Hk Majefty’s Pofleffions, in any Briti/b built Ship or Veflel owned and navigated according to Law.

IV* And be it further enadled, That it (hall and may be lawful in any Briti/b Ship or Veflel* or in any Ship or Veflel belonging to the Subjedls of any Sovereign or State in Amity with His Majefty* to export from the faid Ports fo’ to be appointed for that Purpofe* Gypfum* Grindftooes* or other Produce or Manufadlure of the faid Provinces* and alfo any Produce or Manufadlure of the United Kingdom, or of His Majefty’s Colonies or Plantations in the IVcJl Indiet * or any Goods whatever which lhall have been legally imported into the faid Provinces; any thing in any Law to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enadled* That none of the aforefaid Articles lhall be exported from the faid Ports fo to be appointed* to any Foreign Country or Place* in any Foreign Veflel* unlefs fuch Foreign Vefiel lhall belong to the Country to which the ftud Articles lhall be exported.

VI* And be it further enadled, That it lhall and may be lawful for His Majefty* by and with the Advice of His Privy Council* to make fuch Rules and Regulations for the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities as aforefaid at the faid Ports* with fuch Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach thereof* as lhall feem fit and necefiary to His Majefty, by and with the Advice aforefaid.

VII, And be it further enadled, That tills Adi lhall continue in k *	*	force

Importation of certain Articles to Nova Scotia or New Brunfwick allowed.

Provifo as to Importation io foreign Veflels.

Re-exportation in British Vef-fels, permitted.

Produce of the faid Province* and Goods imported may be exported.

Provifo at to fuch Exportation in Foreign Veflels.

Regulations for Importation and Exportation may be made by The King in Council.

Continuance of this A&.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818,

C.

19, 20.

force during the Space of Three Years from and after the paffing* of the fame, and until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Seffion of Parliament.

li Atm. Stat. a. c.15.

16 G.a. c.*5.

30 G. 3. c. 14.

repealed. Commiffioners for difcovering the Longitude, Sc c. appointed.

CAP. XX.

An Aft for more effectually difcovering the Longitude at Sea» and encouraging Attempts to find a Northern Paffage between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, and to approach the Northern Pole.	[8th	May 1818.]

WHEREAS by an A a paffed in the Twelfth Year of Her late Majefty Queen Anne, intituled An A8 for providing a 4 Public Reward for fucb Perfon or Perfons as /ball difcover the 4 Longitude at Sea, it was enafted, that Perfons holding certain Public 4 Offices therein ftated, for the time being, and certain other Perfons • therein mentioned by Name, fhould be Commiffioners for the Dif-4 covery of the Longitude at Sea, and for examining, trying and 4 judging of all Propofals, Experiments and Improvements mating * to the fame 2 And Whereas another A A was paffed in the Twenty • fixth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second,

4 for rendering more effectual the laft recited Aft: And Whereas by 4 another Aft paffed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His prefent 4 Majefty, intituled An A3for continuing the Encouragement and Re*

4 ward of Perfons.making certain Difcoveries for finding the Longitude 4 at Sea, or making other ufeful Difcoveries and Improvements in Na-* vigation, andfor making Experiments relating thereto, and for adding 1 a Commiffioner to execute the feveral Ads for the DiJcovery of the 4 Longitude at Sea9 Perfons holding certain other Offices, therein enu-4 merated, for the time being, were added to and joined with the Com-4 miffioners appointed by the faid firft mentioned Aft: And Whereas 4 all the Perfons mentioned by Name in the faid firft recited Aft are 4 long fince deceafed : And Whereas by reafon of the Refidence at 4 the Univerfities of certain Profeffors who are conftituted Members 4 of the Board of Commiffioners aforefaid, and by there not being a 4 Power of elefting into the faid Board any Perfons but the laid 4 official Commiffioners and the faid Profeffors, it often happens that 4 there are no Perfons, particularly verfed in the Sciences of the Ma*

4 thematics and Aftronomy, refident in London, and belonging to the 4 faid Board; and that divers Perfons of great Skill and Ability, whofe 4 Services would be moft beneficial to the Objefts of the faid Board,

4 are by the faid Conftitution of the Board excluded therefrom ;* Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice andConfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Afts (hall be and the fame are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enafted. That from and after the paffing of this Aft, the Lord High Treafurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Firft Commiffioner for executing 'the faid Office, the Lord High Admiral or Firft Commiffioner for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland^ and fuch other Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland as may be Flag Officers in His Majefty** Fleet, the

Speaker

A. D. 1818.

58° GEO* III.

C. 20.

31

Speaker of the Houfe of Commons, the Preiident of the Committee i of Council for Trade and Plantations, the Governor of the Royal Hofpital fpr Seamen at Greenwich, the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, the Secretaries of the Treafury, the Secretaries of the Admiralty, the Comptroller of the Navy, the Preiident and Three t Fellows of the Royal Society, the Royal Aftronomer at Greenwich, the Savilian, Lucafian, Plumian, and Lownd'tan Profeffora of the Mathematics and Aftronomy at the Uaiverities of Oxford and Cambridge, the Obfcrver at the Radcliffe Obfervatory at Oxford, all now and for the Time being, and Three other Perfons well verfed in the Sciences of Mathematics, Aftronomy or Navigation, to be annually feleded, chofen and named, as hereinafter provided, (hall be Commiffioners for discovering the Longitude at Sea, and for examining, trying and , judging ail Propofals, Experiments and Improvements, relating to-i the lame, and for rewarding Perfons making ufeful Difcoveries and , Improvements in or conneded with Navigation,

, III* And be it further enaded,! That the Three Members of the Names of the Royal Society, fo to be Commiffioners, (hall be the Right Honour-	Three Members

.	able Charlu Lord Colchejter, Davie* Gilbert Efquire, and Colonel	of the Royal

.	William Mudge; and that in the Event of any Vacancy by Death,	^,ety*PPoil,led

,	Refignation or Refufal to a d of any of the faid Three Perfons, or of	Hew Vacancies

,	any Perfon hereafter chofen to fucceed them, fuch Vacancy (hall be	of fuch Three

i	filled up by the Choice and Eledion of the Preiident and Council of	Perfoos filled

'	the Royal Society ; aad that the faid Three other Commiffioners ihall.	JP-

;	be Dodor William Hyde Wollafion, and Dodor Thomas Young, and -	^^hr^

,	Captain Henry Kater,	who ihall continue Commiffioners until the Firft' Commiffioner*.

I	Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, after which	Regulation* ai to

!	time the Three Perfons to be the faid laft mentioned Commiffioners	Choice of fudi

ihall be annually, or as often as a Vacancy by Death, Refignation or Three after ift ' Refufal to ad may occur, feleded, chofen and named by the Lord Januarrl8aa High Admiral, or Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, and ihall be Perfons well verfed in the Sciences of the Mathematics, Aftronomy or Navigation, and ihall be generally refi-dent in or near the City of London, and capable of attending at the Board of Commiffioners, and of affifting in the Objeds herein in-trufted to the faid Board*

4 IV. And Whereas by the faid recited Ad, and by divers.other	All Ads confer-

4 Ads palTed from time to time, and all founded upon and referring	ring any Duty or

4 to the faid firft recited Ad, divers Duties and Authorities were im- £ower2?tbe 4 pofed and conferred upon the Commiffioners conftituted by the faid* conaitu^bT 4 recited Ads, and divers Sums of Money for various Purpofes, and recited Alls,

4 under different Conditions, were from time to time granted and repealed.

4 provided to be employed and expended towards the Difcovery of 4 the Longitude at Sea, and for divers Purpofes in fuch Ads men-4 tioned, and for Rewards to fuch Perfons as ihould afeertain the 4 Longitude within certain Limits and Conditions therein fperified ;

4 and for enabling the faid Commiffioners to caufe a Survey to be made 4 of the Shores of Great Britain and Ireland, and ascertaining the 4 Latitude and Longitude of the Capes, Promontories, and Headlands 4 thereof: And Whereas fome of the Provifionsof the faid Ads have 4 been repealed, and others thereof have expired; and it is expedient 4 wholly to repeal the fame, for the Purpofe of reenading and confer-‘ ring upon the new Commiffioners fuch of the Powers, Authorities * ana Duties at prefent veiled in the old Commiffioners, as are fit to.

4 be

C. 20.

58" GEO. III.

A.D. 181

CommHfioners may propafe Three Scales of 'Reward to Per-lons ifcertaioing the Longitude by any Principle not already made public.

If Propofalbe approved by His Majefty in Council, Com-

miffionen may pay the proportionate Reward.

Commifiionerf may expend ioooL a Year in making Experiments, 5c c.

And a like Sum in afccrtaining the Latitude and Longitude of Pisces.

4 be continued in ForceBe it therefore ena&ed, That all and every A&, conferring any Duty, Authority or Power on the Commiifioners conftituted by the faid firft recited Ads, fhall be and are hereby repealed.

; 4 V. And Whereas the Longitude hath been ascertained withm

*	certain of the Limits and Conditions Specified in the faid Ads: 4 And Whereas certain other of the Limits and Conditions (HH 4 fubfifting are confidered as impra&icable, and have never been tried r 4 And Wnereas it may conduce to the Advancement of Science, and 4 to the Honour and Interefts of this Country, that fit and propor-4 tionate Rewards (hould he provided for Perfons who (hall afcertain

*	the Longitude within certain new Limits and Conditions : And 4 Whereas it is expedient that fuch Limits and Conditions (hould not 4 he immutably fixed by A£t of Parliament, but (hould he regulated 4 on fcientific Principles by the faid Commiifioners for the Dilcovery 4 of the Longitude, and (hould he varied from time to time accordk 4 ing to the Progrefs of Difcoveries and the Advancement of 4 Science Be it cna&ed. That the faid lad mentioned Commiifioners fhall from time to time, as they mav fee proper, propofe, by their Memorial to His Majefty in Council, to dire& and eftabliih Three Scales of proportionate Rewards to be paid to any Perfon or Perfons who (hall by any Principle not already made public, afcertain the Longitude within Three correfponding Scales of Limit and Condition, fuch Rewards not exceeding the refpe&ive Sums of Five thoufand Pounds, Seven thoufand five hundred Pounds, and Ten thoufand Pounds; and if His Majefty in Council (hall be pleafed to fan&ion and approve fuch Propofal, then that the fame (hall he pub-li(hed in the London Gazette, and that the faid Commiifioners (hall have full Power and Authority to inquire into and examine all Pro-pofals which may he made for finding the Longitude; and if on reafonahle Experiment, to be judged of and certified by the faid Commiifioners, it (hall be found that the Longitude hath been ascertained within any of the faid Three Scales of Limit and Condition, agreeably to the faid Order in Council, it (hall be lawful to them to* pay or caufe to he paid the proportionate Reward alfigned to the Scale within which fuch Difcovery or Experiment (hall have ascertained the Longitude.

4 VI. And Whereas it is expedient that the faid Commiifioners 4 (hould he enabled to expend certain Sums towards making Experi-4 ments of Inftruments, Modes or Propofals, and for making and 4 publiftiing Observations, Calculations and Tables for ascertaining ,4 the Longitude, or towards improving or corredting fuch as may 4 have been already made, or for other Purpofes ufeful to Naviga-4 tion ;* Be it ena&ed, That they may pay or expend any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding One thoufand Pounds in any one Year, towards tne making, corre&ing or publiftiing any fuch Experiments, Modes, Observations, Calculations or Tables.

4 VII. And Whereas it is expedient that the faid Commiifioners 4 (hould he enabled to caufe to he ascertained, as accurately as may 4 be, the Latitude and Longitude of Places whereof the exa& Situ-4 ation hath not been already fufficiently ascertained Be it ena&ed, That they may expend or caufe to he expended any Sum not exceeding in the whole One thoufand Pounds in any one Year for fuch Purpofe.

4 VIII. And

A.D. 1918.

58‘ GEO. III.

C. 20.

S3

4 VIII. And Whereas it may happen that Propofols, Inventions Rewirdt m»y be , « and Tables, or Corredions and Amendments of former Propofols, J^owed toPer-« Inventions or Tables, ingenious in themfelves and ufeful to Science,	ia™"

4 and which may deferve Encouragement, though they do not come formei inven-4 within the Limits and Conditions fpecified for the before mentioned tioni*

4 Rewards, may be made to the faid Commifiioners; and it is expedient 4 that they {hould be enabled to bellow fuch moderate Rewards upon 4 the Perion or Perfons who may have made fuch Propofal, Inven-4 tion or Corredion Be it therefore enaded, That the foid Commifiioners may pay or caufe to be paid fuch Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, to any one Perion for any one Propofal or Invention, or Two thoufand Pounds in one Year, as they may confider the foid Propofols, Inventions, Tables or Corredions to deferve.

4 IX. And Whereas by an Ad palled in the Eighteenth Year of ifo, 2. c. 17.

4 His late Majefty King George the Second, intituled An AH for 4 giving a public Reward to fuch Perfon or Perfons, being His 4 MajcJly's SubjeQ or SubjeQs, as Jhall difcover a North weft Pajfage 4 through Hudfon’s Streights to the Weftern and Southern Oceans 4 of America, a Sum of Twenty thoufand Pounds was provided for 4 the Owner or Owners of any Ship or Veffel which (hould firft find 4 out and fail through fuch Paffage; and the Perfons holding certain 4 Offices therein named, for the time being, were appointed Comxxpf-4 doners for the faid Difcovery : And Whereas by an Ad palled in * G *

4 the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled	C‘

4 An AS for giving a public Reward to fuch Perfon or Perfons, being 4 His Majejly's Sutjcd or SubjeQs, asJhall difeover a Northern Padage 4 for Vdfcls by Sea between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, and aljfb 4 unto fich as /hall jirjl approach by Sea within One Degree of the 4 Northern Pole ; the Reward in the laft recited Ad was extended 4 to the Commander or Commanders, Officers and Seamen, of any 4 of His Majefty’s Ships or Velfels, and to the Owner or Owners 4 of any private Ship or Velfel which Ihould find out and fail through 4 any Patfoge by Sea between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, in any 4 Diredion or Parallel of the Northern Hemifphere to the Nortn 4 of the Fifty fecond Degree of North Latitude 5 and further affign-4 ing a Reward of Five thoufand Pounds to the Commander or 4 Commanders, Officers and Seamen, of any of His Maiefty’s Ships 4 or Veffels, or the Owner or Owners of any private Snip or Veffel 4 which (hould firft approach within One Degree of the Northern 4 Pole; and appointing the Commifiioners of the Longitude to be 4 Commifiioners for executing this laft recited Ad 2 And Whereas 4 many Advantages, both to Commerce and Science, may be expeded 4 from’granting fuch proportionate Rewards as well to fuch Perfon 4 or Perfons as may accomplifh the Objeds of the faid Two laft 4 mentioned Ads, a9 to fuch other Perfon or Perfons as may ap-4 proach thereto within certain Limits or Conditions: And Whereas 4 it is expedient that the Regulation of fuch Limits and Conditions,

4 and the Decifion, whether and how far fuch Objed may have been 4 accomplifhed, (hould be confided to the Commifiioners for the Dif-4 covery of the Longitude at Sea appointed by this Ad ;* Be it therefore euaded, That the faid Two laft recited Ads (hall be and repealed, they are hereby repealed.

X. And be it further enaded. That if any Ship or Ships, Veffel Reward for firft or Veffels, belonging to any of His Majefty’s Subjeds, or to His find'n* ,nd k’1* 58GBO. III.	D	Majefty,

84

C. 20.

58* GEO. lit

A.D.1818-

ing through any Paflage between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans.

Reward for firft approaching within One Degree of the Northern Pole.

Commiffioners on San&ion of The King in Council may reward Attempts to approach the fame.

Proceedings for afcerttinliig the Difcoverers of fuch Northern Paflage, and firf Approachert to the Northern Pole.

Majefty, (hall firft find out and fail through anj Paflage by Sea, between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, in any Dire&ion or Parallel of the Northern Hemifphere, the Owner or Owners of fuch Ship or* Ships, Veflel or Veffels, if belonging to any of His Majefty’s Subjects, or the Commander or Commanders, Officers, Seamen, and Marines of fuch Ships or Veffels, if belonging to His Majefty, fo firft finding out and failing through fuch Paflage (hall receive a Reward for facia Difcovery, of the Sum of Twenty thoufand Pounds.

• XI. And Whereas Ships employed both in the Spitsbergen Seats

*	and in Davis*a Streights may have Opportunities of approaching c the North Pole : And Whereas Approaches towards the Northern*

1 Pole may tend greatly to the Difcovery of a Communication between

*	the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, as well as may be attended with

*	many Advantages to Commerce and Science;* Be it therefore ena&ed, That if any Ship or Ships, Veflel or Veffels, (hall approach within One Degree of the Northern Pole, the Owner of fuch Ship or Veflel, Ships or Veffels, if belonging to any of His Majefty’s Subjects, or the Commander or Commanders, Officers, Seamen and Marines of any Ship or Ships, Veflel or Veffels, if belonging to Hia Majefty, fo firft approaching within One Degree of the Northern Pole, (hall be entitled to receive a Reward of Five thoufand Pounds*

■XII. And for the Encouragement of Perfons who may attempt the faid Paflage, or approach to the Northern Pole, but not wholly accomplifti the fame; be it ena&ed. That the faid Commiffioners for dilcovering the Longitude at Sea may, by their Memorial, pro-pofe to His Majefty in Council to direct and eftablifh proportionate Rewards to be paid to fuch Perfon as aforefaid who mall firft have accomplifhed certain Proportions of the faid Paflage or Approach; and if His Majefty in Council (hall be pleafed to fandion and approve the faid Propofal, then that the fame (hall be publi filed in the London Gazette ; and any Perfon or Perfons accompli filing fuch Paffages, or the fpecified Proportions of them, (hall be entitled, on the Award of the faid Commiffioners, to receive fuch total or proportionate Sums as may have been offered for the Objeft which he or they may have then accompli (hed.

1 XIII. And in order to afcertain who are the firft Difcoverers of

*	the faid Northern Paflage into the Pacific Ocean, and who are the < firft Appfoachers to within One Degree of the Northern Pole, and 1 to whom either the whole Rewards or the proportionate Rewards

*	by this A6t refpe&ively given do belong ;* Be it further ena&ed, That the Commiffioners for the Difcovery of the Longitude by Sea be authorized and empowered to call for the refpe6hve Journal or journals, Book or Books and Papers, kept on board the refpe£tive Ship or Ships, Veflel or Veffels, of the Claimant or Claimants ref-pe&ively; and alfo to examine upon Oath all fuch Perfons as they the faid Commiffioners (hall think proper, with regard to any Claim or Claims, as well any Perfon or Perfons produced by the refpe&ive Claimant or Claimants, or any other Perfon or Perfons who may feem capable of giving any Information ; which Oath the faid Commiffioners are hereby empowered and required to adminifter; and the faid Commiffioners being fully fatisfied, upon fuch Examination and Proof, that fuch Northern Paflage is effe&ually difeovered and failed through, or that fuch Approach within One Degree of the Northern Pole, or any fpecified Proportion of the faid Paflage or Approach,

• •	*	A.~ll

A.D.1818.

68* GEO. IIL

C. 20,

38

(hall hate been made and accompliftied, they are hereby authorised to pay or caufe to -be paid the faid Rewards, • or fuch Proportion of them as the Claimant or Claimants may under this AA, or under fuch Order in Council, be entitled to receive.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enaAed, That if the Rew*rdseW*sd faid Rewards, or either of them, (hall be claimed by and adjudged

to the Commander or Commanders, Officers, Seamen and Marines of ghie“ how 1011 any Ship or Ships, VelTel or Veffela, belonging to His Majefty, the attributed, fame (hall be difpofed in favour of and diftributed among fuch Commander or Commanders, Officers, Seamen end Marines, in fuch Proportions as (hall be direAed by His Majefty in Council, and ia do other manner.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Executors, Admini- Executors,*e. ftratort and Affigns of anyPerfon or Perfons to whom any Sum m*Yreceive tlio whatfoever (hall be awarded by the Commiffioners for the Difcovery R#ward*

of the Longitude, (hall be entitled to receive the fame in the Event of the Death of fuch Perfon or Perfons.

* XVI. And Whereas the Publication of the Nautical Almanack,

4 conftruAed by proper Perfons, under the Directions of the faid 4 Commiffioners. for the Difcovery of the Longitude at Sea, is of 4 great Importance to the Safety of Ships and Perfons, and highly 4 conducive to the general Interefts of Commerce and Navigation Be it therefore enaAed, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for Commiffioom the (aid Commiffioners to caufe fuch Nautical Almanacks or other may caufe Niu-ufeful Tables to be conftruAed, and to print, publifti and vend, or t,cal caufe to be printed publiftied and vended, any Nautical Almanack ffj or Almanacks, or other ufeful Table or Tables, which they (hall *** from time to time judge neceffary and ufeful, in order to facilitate the Method of difcovering the Longitude at Sea; any Law, Statute, exclufive Privilege, private Charter or other Cuftom to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XVII.	And be.h enaAed, That no Perfon or Perfons (hall print, Unauthorised publifti or vend, or caufe to be printed, publiftied or vended, any Perlbns publifh-Nautkal Almanack or Almanacks, or other Table or Tables, con- Nautical ftruAed under the DireAion of the faid Commiffioners, without being manac ** c* firft licenfed by the (aid Commiffioners; and if any Perfon or Perfons

not fo licenfed, or not being authorized by the Perfon or Perfons ib licenfed by the faid Commiffioners, (hall print, publifti or vend, or caufe to be printed, publiftied or vended, any fuch Almanack or Almanacks, or other Table or Tables, every fuch Perfon or Perfect (hall, for every Copy of fuch Nautical Almanack or Table fo printed, publiftied or vended, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to p9Dalty aoh be recovered by AAion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Maiefty’s Courts of Record at WcRminJUr; and that One Moiety of fiich Penalty and Forfeiture (hafl be to His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him or them that (hall profecute, inform and fue for the feme.

XVIII.	And be it further enaAed, That the faid Penalty or For- Peiultles to be

feiture (hall be fued, informed and profecuted for by the Secretary fued for 8** of the faid Commiffioners of the Longitude for the time being, or by	autbo-

fome other Perfon or Perfons authorized by the faid Commiffioners, rjxed by Coo»> and (halLnot be fued, informed or profecuted for by any other Perfon mtffienen of or Perfons whomsoever; and that fiich Suits, Prosecutions and la* Jboogkwft. formations (hall not abate by reafon of the Death of fuch Frofccutors

D2	or

C. 20.

58* GEO. III.

A.D.1818.



Nautical Almanack not liable to Stamp Duties.

Salary to Three ofthe Commit-fioners.

Secretary, Su-perinteodant of publifhing Nautical Almanack, and Regulator, See. of Timekeepers, to be appointed.

Tenure of Office and Salary of Secretary.

The (aid Three Duties may be divided.

Salaries to be included in the ordinary Bfti-noate of the Navy.

Prorifo for Half Pay.

Eftimareof Ex-pence to be prepared by Com-m iffi oners, 8tc.

or any of them, but (hall be continued in the cafe of a foie Plaintiff or Informer dying before Judgment obtained, in the Name of the Secretary or the faid Commiffioners for the time being.

XIX.	And be it further enaded, That no fuch Nautical Almanack or Almanacks, fo publifhed under the Diredions of the faid Commiffioners, (hall be fubjed or liable to any Stamp Duty what foever.

XX.	And be it further enaded, That there (hall be annually paid to each of the Three laft named Commiffioners and their Succeffors, to be annually named according to the Provifions of this Ad, fuch annual Sum as His Majefty by any Order in Council (hall be pleafed to dired.

4 XXI. And-Whereas it is neceffary to continue the Appointment

*	of a Secretary to the Board of Commiffioners for difeovering the 4 Longitudes And Whereas it is highly expedient to the Intereft of 4 Navigation, and the Honour of this Country, that the faid Nautical

*	Almanack {hould be accurately computed, compared and publifhed, 4 and that the Method of finding the Longitude. by Timekeepers 4 (hould alfo be encouraged, and that the Timekeeoers belonging to 4 His Majefty for the ufe of his Ships of War mould be carefully 4 examined and regulatedBe it further enaded, That fome Perfoa of competent Skill and Ability (hall be nominated and appointed by the Lord High Admiral or Commiffioners of the Admiralty to be Secretary to the faid Board of Commiffioners, and for fuperintending, under the Diredions of the Board in general, and the Aftronomer Royal in particular, the due and corred Publication of the Nautical Almanack, and for taking care of and regulating fuch Timekeepers as may be entrufted to his Care by the Lord High Admiral or Commiffioners of the Admiralty.

XXII.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Secretary (hall hold his faid Office during the Pleafure of the Lord High Admiral or Commiffioners of the Admiralty ; and for his Trouble and Pains therein he (hall receive fuch annual Salary as His Majefty by any Order in Council may pleafe to dired; but if it (hall fo happen that a Perfon (hall not be found competent to execute the Three feveral Duties of Secretary to the faid Board, and of fuperintending the Publication of the Nautical Almanack, and the Care and Regulation of Timekeepers, it (hall be lawful to the faid Commiffioners to propofc to His Majefty in Council to divide the faid Duties, and affign them to feveral Perfons, and to apportion to each Perfon fuch Part of the Salary eftablifiied for the Performance of the united Duties as may Teem to them fit and proportionate to the feveral Duty or Duties to be performed by fuch Perlon.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Salaries to the Three annual Commiffioners, and the faid Secretary or Perfons performing the laft mentioned Duties, (hall be annually placed on the Ordinary Eftimate of the Navy.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, That no Receipt of any Salary

or Reward under this Ad (hall prevent any Officer entitled to any Military or Naval Half Pay from receiving fuch Half Pay in Addition to any fuch Salary or Reward.	•

XXV.	And be it further enaded, That the Commiffioners for difeovering the Longitude at Sea (hall, at the beginning of every Year, make an Eftimate of the Sum or Sums which they (hall deem to be neceffary for executing the Purpofes of this Ad in fuch Year, which

Eftimate

58° GEO. III.

C. 20«

*7

Eftimate (hall be tranfmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and on being approved or amended by the Lord High Admiral or Commif-fioner8 of the Admiralty, (hall be placed on the Ordinary E dim ate of the Navy.

• XXVI. And be it further enaded, That any Sum or Sums of ModsofPsy-Money to be paid under the Authority of this A a (hall be paid, upon m?Dt of Monies Certificates under the Hands and Seals of the Commifiioners for the 1*^ Au-I>ifcovery of the Longitude at Sea, to the Commifiioners of the Navy 1 omy for the time being; and the Commifiioners of the Navy (hall forthwith make out a Bill or Bills for the Sum or Sums contained in fuch Certificate or Certificates, payable by the Treafurer of the Navy, and fuch Sum or Sums of Money the faid Treafurer of the Navy is hereby required to pay immediately to the Perfon or Perfons mentioned in the laid Certificate or Certificates, out of any Money which (hall be in his Ctrtificatv. Hands unapplied for the Ufe of the Navy: Provided always that all fuch Sums of Money as (hall exceed the Sum of Five thoufand Pounds (hall be certified under the Hands and Seals of Two thirds at lead of the faid Commifiioners, and all fuch Sums as (hall exceed the Sum of One thoufand Pounds (hall be certified under the Hands and Seals of the major Part of them, and that all fuch Sums as (hall not exceed One thoufand Pounds (hall be certified under the Hands and Seals of any Five or more of them ; fuch Certificates being in every Cafe whatfo-ever figned by One at lead of the following Commifiioners; that is to fay, the Lord High Treafurer of the United Kingdom of Great-Britain and Ireland, or the Fird Commifiioner of the Treafury, the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or Fird Commifiioner of the Admiralty, the Secretaries of the Treafury, and the Secretaries of the Admiralty.

XXVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That in any other refpe&s- Quorum of where any Power or Authority is veded in the Commifiioners under Commiffiootrs. this Aft, the fame may be exercifed by any Five or more Commifiioners at the Board afiembled, in as full and ample a manner as if the•

whole Commifiioners were then and there prefent: Provided always, what Commif-that at every fuch Board one of the following Commifiibners at the fionen in parti-leaft (hall be prefent; that is to fay, the lflrft or one other of the “Jjf m Commifiioners, or One of the Secretaries of the Admiralty ; and that P™01, alfo Three other of the following Commifiioners at the lead (hall be' prefent, that is to fay, the Prefident of the Royal Society, the Aftro-nomer Royal, the Profefiors and Obferver at the Two Univerfities, and the Three Commifiioners annually elefted and receiving Salaries as aforefaid.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That there (hall be held at Meetings of lead Four dated Meetings of the faid Commiffioners within every Year, Commiffioner*. to be held on fuch Days as His Majedy by any Order in Council may

appoint, and fuch other Meetings as from time to time may be necef-fary j of all of which Meetings due Notice (hall be given to the faid Commifiioners refpeftively.

D $.	CAP#

38

C. 21

38“ OEO. III.

A.D.1818.

So moth of 49O.3-c.6j. ma vai continued by fubfequent Afti revived and further con. tinued dll July 5,1819.

51 O.3. c.69. revived, and fur. th«r continued tQl July 5,18x9.

C A P. XXI.

An A£t to revive and continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, feveral Laws relating to the Duties on Glaf9 made in Great Britain; and to prohibit the making of Sma)t9 within a certain Diftance of any other Glafs Houfe, or by the Maker of any other Kind of Glafs.

[8th May 1818.3

‘ TT7HEREAS it is expedient that the Laws hereinafter mes-‘ VV tioned (hould be revived and further continuedBe it there-fore enaded by The King's Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aiTembled, and by tne Authority of die fame. That fo much of an Ad made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for repealing tin Duties on the Materials ufed in making Spread Window Glafs and Crown Glafs, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof} and for the better ColleSion of the laid Duties ; as was by another Ad made in the Fifty fir ft Year of the Reign aforefaid continued until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and twelve $ and by another Ad made in the Fifty fecond Year of the Reign*aforefaid further continued to the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen ; and by another Ad made in the Fifty third Year of the Reign aforefaid further continued to the Firft Day of Auguft One thou-fond eight hundred and fourteen ; and by anotner Ad made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign aforefaid further continued to the Firft Day of Augu/l One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen j and by another Ad made in the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign aforefaid revived from the faid Firft Day of Augu/l One thoufond eight hundred and fifteen, and further continued to the Twenty fifth Day of Marsh One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, (hall be and the fame is hereby revived and further continued, and (hall be, remain and continue in force from the faid Twenty fifth Day of Marsh One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen ; and that all and lingular the Duties thereby impofed and made payable (hall, from the foid Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen until the faid Fifth Day of July One thouland eight hundred and nineteen, be payable, and be railed, levied, collected and paid, aa directed in and by the faid firft recited A61 fo heretofore continued as aforefaid, as if the fame had never expired.

II.	And be it further ena61ed, That ah A6t made in the Fifty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled Aa AS for ta* pealing the Duty on the Materials ufed in making Flint and Phial Glafs, and for granting, until the Firft Day of Auguft One thoujbnd eight hundred and twelve, other Duties in lieu thereof; and for con» tinning and amending an AS faffed in the Forty ninth Tear of His Myefly's Reign, intituled • An AS for repealing the Duties on the ‘ Materials ufed in making Spread Ivindow Glafs and Crown Gla/sf * and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof % and for the better Col-4 leSion of the faid Duties which was by an Ad made in the Fifty fecond Year of the Reign aforefaid continued until the Firft Day of

14	Auguft

58* GEO. III.

39

C. 21,22.

jturuft One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen 9 and by another Aft made in the Fifty third Year of the Reign aforefaid further con* turned until the Firft Day of Auguft One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen $ and by another Aft made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign aforefaid further continued until the Firft Day of Auguft One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen 9 and by another Aft made in the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign aforefaid, revived from the faid Firft Day of Auguft One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, and further continued to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen ; (hall be and the fame is hereby revived and further continued, and (hall be, remain and.continue in force from the faid Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eigrht hundred au»t eighteen until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen 9 and that all and fingolar the Duties thereby irapofed and made payable (hall, from the faid Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, until the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, be payable, and he raifed, levied* collected and paid, as direfted in and by the faid A61, as if the fame had never expired.

III.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the pafiing of this Aft, no Perfon or Perfons whatsoever, (hall make, manufacture or keep, or ere6t, fet up, enter or make ufe of any Houfe or Place whatsoever in Great Britain for the making, manutafturing or keeping of a certain Glafs called Smalts within the Diftance of One MUe in a direfit Line from any Houfe or Place which (hall be entered or ofed for the making, manufafituring or keeping of any other Glafs 9 nor (hall any Perlon or Perfons whatfoever make, manufafiture or keep, or erefit, fet up, eater or ufe any Houfe or Place whatfoever in Great Britain for making, manufacturing or keeping any other Glafs within the Diftance of One Mile in a direfit Line from any Houfe or Place which (hall be entered or ufed for making, manufacturing or keeping the faid Glafs called Smalts 9 nor (hall any Maker or Manufafiturer of Smalts make or manufafiture any other Kind of Glafs, on pain of forfeiting for every fuch Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds ; and all and every Entries and Entry of any fuch Houfe or Place fo made ufe of for the making, manufafituring or keeping of either Smalts or other Glafs contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Afit, (hall be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

IV.	And be it further enafited, That this Afit may be amended, altered or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be palled in this prefent Seffion of Parliament.

cap. xxn.

An Aft for fixing the Rates of Subsidence to be paid to Inn* keepers and others on quartering Soldiers. [8th May 181$.]

*	YTTHEREAS by an Afit paffed in the prefent Seflion of ParHa-

*	W ment for pumfhing Mutiny and Defertion, and for the better

*	Payment of the Army and their Quarters, it is enafted, that Officers

*	ana Soldiers (hall be fumithed with Diet and Small Beer upon

*	paying and allowing for the fame the feveral Rates that are or mall

*	be eftabli(hed by any Aft or. Afts of Parliament} and an Option

*	is given to Innholders and others upon whom Officers and Soldiers

D 4?	‘are

Perfons having Placet for making or keeping Smalts within the Diftance of a Mile from any entered Houfe for keeping other Glafs,

Penalty 500I.

AEt may be altered, Sec. this Seffion.

58* GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

C. 22, 23.

Allowances for the Diet of Non Comtnif-fioned Officers and Soldiers, xs. ad. per Day.

ForHorfes quartered is. per Day to be paid for Hay and Straw.

*	are quartered and bflletted, to furnUh certain Articles gratis in Ken

*	of Diet and Small Beer; and it is juft and expedient that an 1 adequate Allowance (hall be made and eftablifhed for Provifion and

*	other Articles furnifhed to Officers and Soldiers:* May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enalted; and be it ena&ed by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That every Non Commiffioned Officer and Private Soldier who (hall be furnifhed with Diet and Small Beer, within thofe Parts of the United Kingdom fpecified in the faid recited Alt, by the Innholders or other Perfons on whom fuch Non Commiffioned Officers or Private Soldiers (hall be quartered and billetted by virtue of the faid AH, (hall pay and allow for the fame the Sum of One Shilling and Two pence per Diem ; and that for fuch Allowance of One Shilling and Two pence the Innholder or other Perfon (hall furnifh One Meal; videlicet t a hot Dinner, if required, in each Day to each Non Commiffioned Officer, Trumpeter, Drummer and Private Soldier quartered and billetted on him, to confift of fuch Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as have been or (hall be fpecified and fixed in and by any Regulations made or to be made from time to time by His Majefty in that behalf, but not to exceed One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previous td being drefled, One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables previous to being cooked, and Two Pints of Small Beer, ana Vinegar, Salt and Pepper ; and that the Accounts of the fame (hail be rendered, and Payment thereof made, in like manner as is direHed by the faid AH.

III.	And be it further enaHed, That the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Perfon within the aforefaid Parts of the Utiited Kingdom on whom any of the Horfes belonging to His Majefty’s Forces (hall be quartered by virtue of the faid AH, for Hay and Straw, (hall be One Shilling per Diem.

[Tbit AS it the fame at 57 G. 3. c. 78. except at ft Dates and the SeSions that are here retained.]

CAP. XXIII.

An AGt for raifing the Sum of Three Millions, by the Transfer of certain Three Pounds per Centum Annuities into other Annuities, at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum g and for granting Annuities to difeharge certain Exchequer Bills.	[8th May 1818.3

* Moft Gracious Sovereign,

4 TT7 E, Your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal SubjeHs, the Com-

*	W mons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, 4 in Parliament aflembled, being defirous to raife the neceflary Sup-

*	plies which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majefty in this

*	Seffion of Parliament, and being defirous alfo of making Provifion

*	to fatisfy the principal Sums contained in certain Exchequer Bills ‘ now outftanding ;* Do therefore moft humbly befeech Your Maiefty that it may be enaHed; and be it enalted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That every Perfon and

Body

A.D. 1818.	58*	GEO.	III.	C. 23*

Body Politic and Corporate who (hall, on or before the Twenty fourth Day of jtpril One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, have fub-fcribed his or their Name or Names in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Purpofe of converting not lefs than Two thoufand Pounds Capital Stock in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, into Annuities at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, (hall, upon the Transfer of fuch Three Pounds per Centum Annuities to the Account of the Commiffioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt, and upon Payment to the Chief Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, at the times hereafter mentioned, of the Sum of Eleven Pounds in Money for every One hundred Pounds of the faid Annuities, be entitled to One hundred Pounds in Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings ter Centum per Annum ; which Annuities (hall be charged upon the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland9 and (hall be payable Half Yearly at the Bank of England on the Fifth Day of April and the Tenth Day of OBober in every Year, and (hall be transferable in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

II.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That the whole of the Money to arife from the Payment of Eleven Pounds on each One hundred Pounds Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Reduced Annuities, fubfcribed to be transferred as aforefaid, (hall not exceed the Sum of Three Millions.

III.	And be it further enaded, That every Perfon and Body Politic and Corporate having fubfcribed fuch Annuities, and having transferred Fifteen Pounds per Centum thereof to the Account of the Commiffioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt, on or before the Fourth Day cf May One thoufand eight hundre4 and eighteen, ihall transfer or caufe to be transferred, on his or their behalf, the remaining Eighty five Pounds per Centum on or before the Twenty feventh Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen; and the Accountant General of the Bank of England, or his Deputy or Deputies, (hall grant a Certificate or Certificates in Writing to every Subfcriber who (hall under the Provifions of this A£t transfer any Three Pounds per Centum Annuities to the Commiffioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and which Certificate or Certificates (hall be alfignable by Indorfement thereon in the manner and within the time hereinafter mentioned.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Perfon and Body Politic and Corporate having fubfcribed as aforefaid, and having made a Depofit with the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England (which Cafhier or Cafhiers is and are hereby appointed the Receiver and Receivers of fuch Contributions, without any other Warrant to be had in that behalf,) of One Pound upon every One hundred Pounds Three Pounds per Centum Annuities fubfcribed to be transferred, (hall advance and pay, or caufe to be advanced and paid, unto the faid Cafhier or Cafhiers, the feveral Remainders of the Sums by them refpedively fubfcribed towards the faid Sum of Three Millions, at or before the refpedive Days and times and in the Proportions hereinafter limited and appointed in that behalf; that is to fay, the further Sum of One Pound on or before the Nineteenth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen ; the

further

41

Subfcribers of not left than aoool. 3 per Cent. Confols or Reduced Annuities, with a Payment of ill. for every XocL Annuities, entitled to iooi. in Annuities at the Rate of 3i P*r Cent, charged upon Confoli-dated Fund.

The Payments of ill. not to exceed 3,000/3001

Subscriber* having transferred 15L per Cent, to Commiffioners of National Debt by May 4,

(hall transfer the remaining 85I. per Cent, by Nov. 27, 18x8.

Times of Payment of the faid III. perCent.

C. 23.

58° GEO. III.

A. D. 1818.

Allowance for Payment of the whole Money in advance by the 4th Feb. 1819.

Perfon* making Transfers of the Stock fubfcribed before certain Periods, entitled to 88L in the Annuities of 3§ per Cent, for every iool. 3L per Cent. Annuities fo transferred, to commence at the times herein mentioned.

farther Sam of One Poand on or before the Twenty fourth Day of July then next following; the further Sum of One Pound on or before the Seventh Day of Augujl then next following ; the further Sum of One Pound on or before the Fourth Day of September then next following; the further Sum of One Pound on or before the Sixteenth Day of 0 Sober then next .following; the further Sum of One Pound on or before the Thirteenth Day of November then next following; the further Sum of One Pound on or before the Fourth Day of December then next following; the further Sum of One Pound on or before the Fifteenth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen; the further Sum of One Pound on or before the Fifth Day of February then next following; and the remaining Sum of One Pound on or before the Fifth Day of March then next following.

V* And be it further ena&ed, That every Perfon and Body Politic and Corporate fo fubfcribing and paying the whole of thie Sums of Money by them refpe&ively fubfcnbed, in refpe& of the faid Annuities to be transferred to the Commiflioners for the Reduction of the National Debt as aforefaid, at any time on or before the Fourth Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and nine* teen, (hall be entitled to an Allowance of 10 much Money aa the Intereft of each Sum fo paid in advance for completing his or their Subscription refpedively (hall amount unto after the Rate of Two Pounds £er Centum per Annum9 to be computed from the Day of completing the fame to the Fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen; which Allowance is to be paid by the laid Cafhier or Cafhiers out of the Money to be raifed in purfuance of this Ad, as foon as fuch refpe&ive Subfcribers, their Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeflora and Afligns (hall have completed fuch Payments.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed. That every Perfon and Body Politic and Corporate who (hall, on or before the Second Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, have transferred, or have caufed to be transferred as aforefaid, to the Account of the Commiflioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, the Whole of the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Annuities fubfcnbed by him or them, (hall be entitled to the principal Sum of Eighty eight Pounds in Annuities, at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum for every One hundred Pounds Three Pounds per Centum Annuities fo transferred ; and fuch Annuity at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum (hall commence from the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, and the Firft Payment of fuch Annuity to be made on the Tenth Day of OSober One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen; and every Perfon and Body Politic and Corporate who (hall, after the Second Day of Junef and on or before the Twenty feventh Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, have transferred, or have caufed to be transferred as aforefaid, to the Account of the faid Commiflioners, the Whole of the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Annuities fubfcribed by him, (hall be entitled to the principal Sum of Eighty eight Pounds in Annuities, at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum for every One Hundred Pounds of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities fo transferred ; fuch Annuities at the Rate of Three founds Ten Shillings

58<> GEO. HI.

C. 23.

43

per Centum to commence from the Tenth Day of OBober One thou* fend eight hundred and eighteen, and the Firft Payment of fueh Annuity to be made on the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen ; and every Perfon and Body Politic and Coin-por&te who (hall, on or before the Fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, have paid to the Chief Cafhier or Caihieri or the Governor and Company or the Bank of England the Sum of Eleven Pounds in Money for every One hundred Pounds of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities fubfcribed by him or them, (hall be entitled to the further principal 8um of Twelve Pounds in Annuities, at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum for every Sum of Eleven Pounds fo paid ; fuch Annuities to commence from the Fifth Day of April Ope thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, and the Firft Payment of fuch Annuity to be made on the Tenth Day of OBober One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, if the Payment (hall be completed on or before the Seventh Day of that Month, and on the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred ind nineteen, if the Payment of the Amount fubfcribed (hall not be completed until after the faid Seventh Day of QBoher $ and fuch An- Annuities ci Unities at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per {** c*°V.not ta Annum (hall not be reduced, nor (hall the principal Sum of fuch !£id offSbfT Annuities be paid off, at any time before the Fifth Day of April One April 1819. thoufand eight hundred and twenty nine.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Perfon and Body Perrons com-Politic and Corporate, having completed the Transfer to the Account pleting their df the Commifnoners for the Reduction of the National Debt of the Transfer of the whole of the Three Pounds ter Centum Confolidated Annuities fub- confoUbf 'e (bribed by him or them, (hall be entitled to a Dividend or Intereft	^2**	en-

at the Rate of Fifteen Shillings for every principal Sum of One titled to e Divi-hundred Pounds in fuch Three Pounds ter Centum Confolidated dend of 15s. per Annuities which may have been fo transferred $ and fuch Dividend C*nt* or Intereft (hall be paid at the Bank of England on the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, provided the *hole of the Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Annuities fub-fcribed by fuch Perfon or Body Politic or Corporate (hall be transferred to the faid Commiflioners on or before the Second Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, or on the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, provided the Provided the #hole of the Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Annuities fub- whole of the 3 (bribed by fuch Perfon or Body Politic or Corporate (hall be trans- »]er Cen*: ftrred to the faid Commiflioners after the Second Day of June, and aherldJ«me OH Or before the Twenty feventh Day of November One thoufand andby*7ih * eight hundred and eighteen ; and after Payment of the faid Dividend Nov. 1818. or Intereft, the whole of the faid Confolidated and Reduced Annuities which may be transferred to the faid Commiflioners, (hall be vtfpeftively cancelled, and the Intereft or Dividend* which would have been payable thereon (hall from thenceforth refpe&ively ceafe to be iffued from the Receipt of the Exchequer, or to be charged apon the Confolidated Fund; and the Money which would have been applicable to the Payrheht thereof (hall remain and be a Part of the growing Produce of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.	*'■

'VIII. And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Inwhatctfe and Commiflioners for die Reduftion of the National Debt, and they are ^^SflSoners

hareby

C. 23.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

of National Debt nay pur-chafe per Cent. Annuities.

3} per Cent. Annuity* may be takes by the Commifioners lor the Purchase of Life Annuities;

and ou Transfer thereof converted into 3 per Cents.

How the Life Annuities to be calculated and afcertiined.

Subfcribers making Depofit of 1 per Cent, may transfer to Commiflionert 15 per Cent. 3 per Cent. Annuities on the Amount of Sub-feription.

The 3* per Cent. Annuities (hall, under 57O.3. c.79. be transferable at the Bank of Ireland; and the Perfons transferring the fame (ball be en-

hereby authorized and required, to purchafe. the (aid Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum created by this Ad, in the Proportion of at lead One Pound per Centum per Annum on the Capital to be created, whenever the principal Sum of One hundred Pounds of fuch Annuities can be purchafed for lefs than One hundred Pounds in Money.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the Commiffioners, for the Redudion of the National Debt, and they are hereby empowered and required, to accept and receive Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities as the Con-fideration for the Purchafe of Life Annuities ; and for the Purpofe of afeertaining the Price of fuch Stock or Annuities, the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England (hall and they are hereby required, on every Day on which any of the faid Annuities (hall have been bought at the Bank of England, to caufe an Account to be made out of the Average Price thereof, according to the Regulations pre-feribed by any Ad or Ads now in force for afeertaining the Average Price of Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, for enabling the Purchafe of Life Annuities; which faid Account (hall be tranfmitted to the Officer appointed by the faid Commiffioners, to enable him to afeertain the relpedive Amounts of the like Annuities which may be purchafed by the Transfer of fuch Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities as aforefaid.

X.	And be it further enaded, That when any Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities (hall be transferred to the faid Commiffioners for the Purchafe of Life Annuities, that fuch Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities (hall be firft converted, by the Computation of the faid Officer, into Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities (at the Option of the Purchafer), according to the Average Price of thofe Stocks, to be afeertained as hereinbefore direded ; and the Life Annuities to be granted thereon (hall be calculated and afeertained upon the Amount of Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, including Fradions (if any) produced by fuch Converfion, according to the Provilions, Rules and Regulations preferibed by any Ad or Ads now in force enabling the faid Commiffioners to grant Life Annuities.

XI.	And be it further enaded. That every Subfcriber or Subfcribers who has or have paid a Depofit of One Pound per Cettfvm at the Bank of England upon the Subfcription to a new Stock of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum9 (hall and may, either in his, her or their own Name or Names, or in the Name or Names of any other Perfon or Perfons on his or their behalf, be at liberty to transfer into the Names of the Commiffioners for the Redudion of the National Debt the Depofit of Fifteen Pounds per Centum Three Pounds per Centrum Annuities upon the Amount of every Subfcription.

XIL And be it further enaded, That the faid Annuities at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum created by this Ad (hall, under the Provifions of an Ad made in the Fifty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad to permit the Transfer of Capital from certain Publick Stocks or Funds in Great Britain to certain Publick Stocks or Funds in Ireland, be transferable into Annuities at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum% payable and transferable at the Bank of Ireland; and every Perfon and

Body

I

A.D. 1818.

58* GEO. III.

C. 23.

45

Body Politic and Corporate transferring fuch Annuities payable at the Bank of England (hall be entitled, for every One hundred Pounds fo transferred, to the Principal Sum of One hundred and eight Pounds Six Shillings and Eight pence in Annuities at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum, payable at the Bank of Ireland / and the Firft Dividend to be paid at the Bank of Ireland (hall be computed from the Fifth Day of April or Tenth Day of OBober next preceding the Day on which the Transfer (hall be made to the Commiflioners for the Kedu&ion of the National Debt at the Bank of England, and (hall be paid on the Fifth Day of January or Fifth Day of July next fucceeding the Day on which fuch Annuities (hall be written into the Books of the Bank of Ireland in the Name or Names of the Party or Parties fpecified in fuch Certificate. [&* Cap• 8o. pojl^

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England who (hall have received or (hall receive any Part of the Sums mbfcribed under this A&, (hall give a Receipt or Receipts in Writing to every fuch Sub-fcriberfor all fuch Sums: Provided always, that fuch Cafhier or Cafhiers (hall give Security* to the good Liking of any Three or more of the Commiflioners of the Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the HighTreafurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, for duly anfwering and paying into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in Gnat Britain, as after mentioned, for .the public Ufe, all the Monies which they have already received and (hall hereafter receive from time to time under the Provifions of this A&, and for accounting duly for the fame, and for Performance of the Truft hereby in him or them repofed; and (hall from time to time pay all fuch Monies, as foon as he or they (hall receive the fame or any Part thereof, or within Five Days afterwards at the furtheit, into and (hall account for the fame in the Exchequer of Great Britain, according to the due Courfe thereof, deducing thereout fuch Sums as (hall have been paid by him or them in purfuance of this A&, for which Sums fo paid Allowance (hall be made in his or their Accounts.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Perfon and Body Politic and Corporate who (hall, on or before the Twenty fourth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, have fub-fcribed his Name in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for transferring to the Account of tne Commif-fioners for tne Reduction of the National Debt Three Pounds per Centum Annuities for other Annuities at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum, (hall be at Liberty to fubfcribe his Name, or the Name or Style of the Body Politic or Corporate, in the Books of the faid Governor and Company, on the Twenty eighth or Twenty ninth Days of April, or on the Second Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, for converting into Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated and Reduced Annuities, upon the Terms and Conditions hereinafter mentioned, any Exchequer Bills already iflued or which may be iffned before the Fir ft Day of Auguft One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, and which may not have been advertifed to be paid off, and the Intereft thereon have ceafed before the refpec-xive Days of Payment hereinafter fpecified, to an Amount not exceeding One hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills for every One

hundred

titled for every iooLto 108L 6s.8d.io Annuities at the Rate of 3$ ftw Cent.

Cafhiers of the Bank of England tO'ghre Receipts to 8ub-fcribers ; and Security to the Treafury of G. B. and I.

Money to bo accounted for in the Exchequer of G. B.

Subfcriptiont may be made la Exchequer Bills in manner herein mentioned.

C. 23.

58° GEO. Ill

A.D. 1818.

Pvavifo for making DepoGt ty fuch Sub-fcriber.

Times of deli, vering in Exchequer Bills.

Depofit returned or taken into Account.

Guardians or Truftees may fubfcribe for Infants.

Bodies Politic baring paid De-fofits,Jk& may authorise Per-lons to fubfcribe their Names for the Purpofe of funding Exchequer Bills.

hundred Pounds of Stock fubfcribed, to be fo transferred to the Account of the Commiflioners for the Reduction of the National Debt as aforefaid: Provided always, that every fuch Perfqa and Body Politic and Corporate (hall, at the time of fo fubfcribing a* aforefaid, make a DepoGt in Money or in Exchequer Bills with the Chief Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* equal to Five Pounds per Centum at leaft on the Amount of Exchequer Bills fo fubfcribed, as a Security for delivering into the Office of the Paymafters of Exchequer Bills the Amount of Exchequer Bills fo fubfcribed, in manner and at the time* following; that is to fay, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds per Centum upon the whole Amount of Exchequer Bills fubfcribed on or before the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen ; the further Sum of Ten Pounds on or before the Third Day of Sep* tember then next following; the further Sum of Twenty Ppunds on or before the Sixteenth Day of Offober then next following j the further Sum of Ten Pounds on or before the Twenty feventh Day of No* member then next following ; the further Sum of Ten Pounds on or before the Eleventh Day of December then next following; the further Sum of Ten Pounds on or before the Fifteenth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen ; and the Remainder of fuch Amount on or before the Nineteenth Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen ; and that whenever fuch Do? pofit as aforefaid (hall have been made at the Bank in Money as afore-laid, the Paymafters of Exchequer Bills (hall, fo foou as any Xu oh Perfon or Body Politic or Corporate fo fubfcribing as aforefaid (hall have brought in Exchequer Bills to the whole Amount of fuch Subfcription, return to fuch Perfon or Body Politic or Corporate fo fubfcribing the Amount of fuch Depofit, or fuch Depofit may be taken into Account as a Part Payment of the Subfcription of Inch Perfon or Body Politic or Corporate.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for any Guardian or Truftee having the Difpofition of any Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, and of any Money, or of any Exchequer Bills of any Infant, to transfer fuch Annuities, and to pay fuch Money, and deliver in fuch Exchequer Bills in manner aforefaid; and fuch Infant, upon the Transfer of the Annuities, and Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money, or Delivery of Exchequer Bills fubfcribed by fuch Guardian or Truftee, (hall be entitled to have and receive the Annuities, Advantages and Payments in refpe& thereof, in fuch and the like manner as any other Subfcriber; and the faid Guardian and Truftee, as to the faid Annuities transferred, and Sum or Sums fo advanced, or Exchequer Bills delivered in, is hereby difeharged, fo as the Name of fuch Infant be expreifed in fuch Transfer, and in the Receipt or Receipts for fuch Money or Exchequer Bills.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for any Body Politic or Corporate, who (hall have fubfcribed any Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Redaced Annuities, to be frans-ferred to the Commiflioners for the RedufUon of the National Debt under the Provifions of this A6t, and who (hall have paid the Depofit of One Pound in refpe& of each One hundred Pounds fubfcribed to be transferred, and (hall alfo have transferred Fifteen Pounds per Centum thereon to the faid Commiflioners, by any Inftrument under their Common Seal, to be lodged with the Chief Cafhier or Cafhiers

A.D. 1818.

58* GEO. III.

C. 23.

47

of the Bank of England* to direlt any Perfon or Perfons to fubfcribe his or their Name or Names for the Purpofe of funding any Exchequer Bills j and the Certificate or Certificates to be granted by the Paymafters of Exchequer Bills (hall be made out in the Name of fuch Perfon or Perfon a, and (hall be affignable by him or them in the fame manner as if the Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Reduced Annuities, in refpedt of which fuch Exchequer Bills were fubfcribed to be funded, had been fubfcribed by luch Perfon or Perfons in his or their own Name or Names.

XVII. And be it further ena&ed, That every Perfon and Body Certificates Politic and Corporate who (hall have made a Depofit at the Bank Siven by Pjy-of England to the Amount of Five Poundsprr Centum on the Ex- *?afte^«Pref-chequer Bills fubfcribed by fuch Perfon or Body, (hall receive from whole* of the the Paymafters of'Exchequer Bills a Certificate or Certificates, upon Exchequer Bills which a Receipt for the Depofit made at the Bank of England (nail have beeo re-bc written ; and fuch Certificate or fuch Certificates (hall be carried ceived, being to the Office of the Paymafters of Exchequer Bills at the time of making every future Payment, the Receipt for which (hall be written ^d, Perfons thereon ; and when the whole Amount of Exchequer Bills exprefied holding the in fuch Certificate or Certificates (hall have been acknowledged to feme (hall be en-have been received by the Paymafters of Exchequer Bills, fuch Cer- t5tl«difor cTe*J tificate or Certificates being carried into the Bank of England, and lodged with the Governor and Company of the faid Bank, mall entitle 3 cent. the Perfons or Bodies Politic or Corporate refpe&ively holding the Confoli. and 64L fame, for every One hundred Pounds principal Money, contained 3 P** Cent. Re-therein, to Sixty four Pounds Capital Stock in the Three Pounds per <hicedAnnui-Centum Confolidated Annuities, the Intereft whereon (hall commence Ut9‘ from the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and ^eighteen, and the Firft Payment thereon to be made on the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, if the Certificate or Certificates before mentioned (hall have been lodged with the Governor and Company of the faid Bank on or before the Second Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen ; and if fuch Certificate or Certificates (hall not be fo lodged until after the faid Second Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, the Firft Payment (hall not be made until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen ; and alfo to Sixty four Pounds Capital Stock in Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, the Intereft whereon (hall commence from the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, and the Firft Payment thereon to be made on the Tenth JDay of OSober One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, if the Certificate or Certificates before mentioned (hall have been lodged with the Governor and Company of the Bank on or before the Seventh Day of OSober One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen ; but if fuch Certificate or Certificates (hall not be fo lodged until after the faid Seventh Day of OSober One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, the Firft Payment upon fuch Amount of Reduced Annuities (hall not be made until the

Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen ; and Paymsfters to the faid Paymafters of Exchequer Bills are hereby authorized and deliver Cheques required to deliver to the Governor and Company of the Bank of	to

England the Cheques or Counterfoils of fuch Certificates.	lF* ,

XVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That the Intereft on a]l Intereft on fuch Exchequer Bilk which (hall be depofited at the Bank-of England* ox Exchequer BOIs

4 which (hill be com-

C. 23.

58° GEO. III.

•A.D. 1818.

pitted and paid to Aug. 1,1818] iaclufivc.

Subfcriben map make up their Subfcription in Money inftead of Exchequer Sills.

Paymasters to grant a Receipt;

and pay into the Exchequer of G.B.

Exchequer Bills Shall be received at the proper Office, and cancelled, and the Interest paid.

Time of Payment of the Annuities granted in lieu of Exchequer Bills.

which may be carried into the Office of the Paymafters of Exchequer 1 Bills as aforefaid, (hall be computed up to the Firft Day of Au^uft One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen incluiive, from which tune the fame (hall ceafe ; and the Intereft which may be due on fuch Bills, from the Day of their Date up to the faid Firft Day of Augufi* (hall be paid by the faid Paymafters as foon as conveniently may be after the faid Bills (hall have been depofited, or delivered in to the Perfon or Perfons by whom the Depofit was made, or by whom the Bills were carried in.

XIX.	And be it further enabled. That every fuch Subfcriber as aforefaid who (hall be defirous of making up any Part of his Subfcription in Money inftead of Exchequer Bills, (hall be at liberty to do to, upon paying the fame into the Bank of England to the Account of the Paymafters of Exchequer Bills, together with a Sum equal to One Pound per Centum upon fuch Money Payment; and alio, if fuch Payment (hould be made after the Firft Day of Augu/l One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, a further Sum equal to Two Pence per Centum per Diem on the Amount of fuch Payment in Money, to be computed from the faid Firft Day of Augufi up to the Day of the a&ual Payment thereof; and the Paymaftera of Exchequer Bills (hall, upon the Payment to their Account being duly certified to them, grant a Receipt on fuch Certificate as afore-faid for fuch Payment, in the fame manner as if Exchequer Bills to fuch Amount had been brought into their Office ; and the faid Paymafters of Exchequer Bills (hall and they are hereby required within Five Days after they (hall be apprized of the Payment of the faid Money to their Account at the Bank of England* pay the fame into the Exchequer of Great Britain, and (hall account for the fame in the Exchequer according to the due Courfe thereof.

XX.	And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers at the Office of the Paymafters of Exchequer Bills for the time being, to take in and receive from all and every Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who is, are or (hall be pofiefled of, interefted in or entitled unto any fuch Exchequer Bills fo fubferibed as aforefaid, all the faid Exchequer Bills, to fuch Amount as aforefaid, which any fuch Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, (hall have fo fubferibed, according to the Provifions of this A & ; and the faid Paymafters of Exchequer Bills are hereby authorized and required, upon Receipt of any luch Bills, to mark and cancel the fame, and to pay the Intereft thereupon, according to the Provifions of this A&.

XXI.	And be it further ena&ed. That all and every Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who (hall have delivered any fuch Exchequer Bill or Bills as aforefaid, upon producing fuch Certificates as are hereby dire&ed to be made forth by the faid* Paymafters of Exchequer Bills, in lieu of the principal Sums contained in fuch Bill or Bills, (hall for every Sum of One. Hundred Pounds contained therein, and fo in proportion for any greater Sum, have and be entitled to the Capital Stock in Annuities hereinbefore mentioned, which (hall be in lieu of fuch Exchequer Bills; and the Annuities thereon (hall be refpe&ively payable Half jearly at the Bank of England in manner following; the faid Confolidated Annuities on the Fifth Day of July and uie Fifth Day of January* and the faid Reduced Annuities on the Fifth Day of April and Tenth

Day

A.D.i8ia

58° GEO. III.

C. 23.

49

Day of Oaobcr refpedively in every Year ? and that all Perfons and Perfont entitled Bodies Politic or Corporate entitled to any fuch Annuity or An- to hav* fure nuities aforefaid, and his and their Executors, Adminiftrators, Sue- m Annuu ceffors and Ailigns refpedively, and aQ Perfons and Bodies Politic l,efc or Corporate lawfully claiming under him or them, (hall have good, fare, abfolute and indefeaiible Eftatea and Interefts in the faia Annuities, according to the true Tenor and Meaning of this Ad,, until the Redemption thereof in the Manner herein direded.

XXII.	And be it further euaded, That all Receipts by the Chief RoceSptt or Ctr-

Ca(hier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England,, or Certificates by the	[*

Accountant General of the Bank of England, or hi. Depot, or	£5SS22S&i

puties, or by the Paymafters of Exchequer Bills, which mail be de- i„ the manner fivered under and by virtue of this Ad, la refped of any fuch Tranf- and stthv Timet fere or Payments as aforefaid, (hall be afiignablc by Indorfement herein men-thereupon, provided fueh Indorfement is made upon any Receipt or l*one^i Receipts granted by the Calhier or Caftiiers of the Bank of England

on or before the Fifth Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, and upon any Certificate or Certificatci, Receipt or Receipts, granted by the Accountant General of the Bank of England; or tua Deputy or Deputies, or the Paymafters of Exchequer Buis, at any time before the Nineteenth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, and no longer ; and no fuch Receipt, Certi- No Sump Duty, ficate or Affignment thereupon, (hall be charged with any Stamp Duties whatever.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded. That as.foon as any Sub- AmroMts to b#

feribers, their Executors, Adminiftrators and Aifigns, (hall have	?°°fki

completed their Parents and Transfers as aforefaid under and .ac*	be

cording to the Provifions of this Ad, and the Certificates granted trsufezible. by the Paymafters of Exchequer Bills (ball be lodged with & Governor and Company of the Bank of England, ana which' they are

hereby authorized and required to take in and receive, the refpedive principal Sums or Annuities in refped of which fuch. Payments and Transfers {hall have been made as aforefaid, (hall forthwith be, in the Books of the Bank of England, placed to the Credit of fuch re-ipedive Subscribers, their Executors, Adminiftrators^ Succeflbrs and Affigns, completing fuch Transfers or Payments; and the Perfons to whole Credit fuch principal Suma (hall be fo placed, their refpedive Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeflbrs and. Aifigns (hall and may have power to affign and transfer the fame, or any Part,,. Share or Proportion thereof, to any other Perfonr Body Politic or Corporate whatfoever, in the Books of the Bank of England; and the Bink of England laid Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby re- to prepare quired, as foon as conveniently may be after the pafifing of this Ad, to prepare proper Books for the rurpofe of entering the Names of all fuch Subscribers, and of placing to theirCredit the principal Sums to which they may be refpedively entitled under the Provifions of this Ad i and all fuch principal Sums refpedively (hall he taken and deemed to be Stock transferable according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, until Redemption, thereof,, in fuch manner as is hereinafter mentioned.

XXIV.	And he it further ena^fd. That if any Subscriber or Subfcriben com-

Subfcribera (hall have completed his or their Subfcnption, and (hall pterag their have lodged the Certificate or Certificates thereof witn the Governor Subfcription be-and Company of the Bank of England on or before the Second Day	Hvi-

£8,6x0. III.	E	of	9

C. 28.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Subfcriben mi y make up their SuVcription in Money inflead of Each<

9 ills.

hequer

pined and paid which may be carried into the Office of the Paymafters of Exchequer *t0ffiv	Bills as aforefaid, (hall be computed up to the Firft Day of Augm/i

me u tvc.	One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen iuclullve, from which tune

the fame (hall ceafe ; and the Intereft which may be due on fuch Bills, from the Day of their Date up to the faid Firft Day of Augufl* (hall be paid by the faid Paymafters as foon as conveniently may be after the faid Bills (hall have been deported, or delivered in to the Perfon or Perfons by whom the Depofit was made, or by whom the Bills were carried in.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed. That every fuch Subscriber as aforefaid who (hall be defirous of making up any Part of his Subscription in Money inftead of Exchequer Bills, (hall be at liberty to do fo, upon paying the fame into the Bank of England to the Account of the Paymafters of Exchequer Bills, together with a Sum equal to One Pound per Centum upon fuch Money Payment; and alio, if fuch Payment (hould be made after the Firft Day of Amgujl One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, a further Sum equal to Two Pence per Centum per Diem on the Amount of fuch Payment in Money, to be computed from the faid Firft Day of Auguft up to the Day of the a&ual Payment thereof; and the Paymafters of Exchequer Bills (hall, upon the Payment to their Account being duly certified to them, grant a Receipt on fuch Certificate as aforefaid for fuch Payment, in the fame manner as if Exchequer Bills to fuch Amount had been brought into their Office ; and the faid Paymafters of Exchequer Bills (hall and they are hereby required within Five Days after they (hall be apprized of the Payment of the faid Money to their Account at the Bank of England,, pay the fame into the Exchequer of Great Britain* and (hall account for the fame in the Exchequer according to the due Courfe thereof.

XX.	And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers at the Office of the Paymafters of Exchequer Bills for the time being, to take in and receive from all and every Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who is, are or mall be pofiefied of, interefted in or entitled unto any fuch Exchequer Bills fo fubferibed as aforefaid, all the faid Exchequer Bills, to fuch Amount as aforefaid, which any fuch Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, (hall have fo fubferibed, according to the Provifions of this A& ; and the faid Paymafters of Exchequer Bills are hereby authorized and required, upon Receipt of any nich Bills, to mark and cancel the fame, and to pay the Intereft thereupon, according to the Provifions of this A&.

XXI.	And be it further ena&ed, That all and every Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who (hall have delivered any fuch Exchequer Bill or Bills as aforefaid, upon producing fuch Certificates as are hereby dire&ed to be made forth by the faid* Paymafters of Exchequer Bills, in lieu of the principal Sums contained in fuch Bill or Bills, (hall for every Sum of One. Hundred Pounds contained therein, and fo in proportion for any greater Sum, have and be entitled to the Capital Stock in Annuities hereinbefore mentioned, which (hall be in lieu of fuch Exchequer Bills; and the Annuities thereon (hall be refpe&ively payable Half yearly at the Bank of England in manner following; the faid Conlolidated Annuities on the Fifth Day of July and the Fifth Day of January* and the faid Reduced Annuities on the Fifth Day of April and Tenth

Day

Paymafterc to {rant a Receipt;

and pay into the Exchequer of G.B.

Exchequer Bills (hall be received at the proper Office, and cancelled, and the Intereit paid.

Time of Payment of the Annuities granted in lieu of Exchequer Bills.

A.D.1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. 23.

49

Day of OBober refpedively in every Year ? and that all Perfons and Perfon* entitled Bodies Politic or Corporate entitled to any fuch Annuity or An- t0 havc fl,re nuities aforefaid, and his and their Executors, Adminiftrators, Sue- ?ftate ,n Annuu ceiTors and Affigns refpedively, and all Perfons and Bodies Politic tlc<* or Corporate lawfully claiming under him or them, (hall have good, fare, abfolute and indefeafible Edates and Intereft* in the faia Annuities, according to the true Tenor and Meaning of this Ad,, until the Redemption thereof in the Manner herein direded.

XXII.	And be it further enaded, That all Receipts by die Chief Receipts or Cer-Caihier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, or Certificates by the Accountant General of the Bank of England, or his Deputy or Do- d^ment^made

{juries, or by the Paymafters of Exchequer Bills, which (hall be de- i„ the manner ivered under and by virtue of this Ad, is refped of any fuch Tranf- and at the Times fers or Payments as aforefaid, fhall be alfignable by Indorfement herein men-thereupon, provided fueh Indorfement is made upon any-Receipt or tlone** Receipts granted by the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England on or before the Fifth Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, and upon any Certificate or Certificates, Receipt or Receipts, granted by the Accountant General of the Bank of England^ or his Deputy or Deputies, or the Paymafters of Exchequer Buis, at any time before the Nineteenth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, and no longer ; and no fuch Receipt, Certi- No Sump Duty, ficate or Affignment thereupon, (hall be charged with any Stamp Duties whatever.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded. That as foon as any Sub- Annuities to be feribers, their Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns, (hall have *J^£reiin completed their Payments and Transfers as aforefaid under and.ac- Eneland*snd be cording to the Provifions of this Ad, and the Certificates granted transferable, by the Paymafters of Exchequer Bill! (hall be lodged with &e Governor and Company of the Bank of England* and which-, they are hereby authorized and required to take in and receive, the refpedive principal Sums or Annuities in refped of which fuch. Payments and Transfers (hall have been made as aforefaid, (hall forthwith be, in the Books of the Bank of England, placed to the Credit of fuch refpedive Subscribers, their Executors, Adminiftrators^Succeffors and Affigns, completing fuch Transfers or Payments ; and the Perfons to whole Credit fuch principal Sums (hall be fo placed, their refpedive Executors, Adminiftrators, Succefiors and Afiigns (hall and may have power to affign and transfer the fame, or any Part,,. Share or Proportion thereof, to any other Perfon, Body Politic or Cor** porate whatfoever, in the Books of the Bank of England; and the Bank of England laid Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby re- to prepare quired, as foon as conveniently may be after the palling of this Ad, Bookl* to prepare proper Books for the Purpofe of entering the Names of all fuch Subfcriben, and of placing to tbeirCredit the principal Sums to which they may be refpedively entitled under the Provifions of this Ad; and all fuch principal Sums refpedively (hall be taken and deemed to be Stock transferable according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, until Redemption, thereof,, in fuch manner as is hereinafter mentioned. .

XXIV.	And be it further enafyd, That if any Subfcriber or Subscriber* com-Subfcribers (ball have completed his or their Subscription, and (haH paring their have lodged the Certificate or Certificates thereof with the Governor Subfcnpdon be-and Company of the Bank of England on or before the Second Day yj£g <)£ Hvl-58,Geo. III.	E	of	’

50

C.23.

58° GEO- III.

A.D.181S-

dendonthe.1 of July One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, by which the £r Sfnt:	Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Annuities created by this A A

be ridJtu 5 W0U^ become transferable in the Books of the faid Governor and 18x9.	*	Company, or the Dividend or Intereil which may become due

thereon on the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, (hall belong to and ihall be paid on the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen to the Perfon or Per-fons. Body Politic or Corporate, in whofe Name or Names fuch Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Annuities ihall have been Handing in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred If Refidue of and eighteen : Provided always, that in cafe any fuch Subfcribers who Subscription be (hall have transferred any Three Pounds per Centum Annuities to tlie Payment*	Coramiffioners	for the Redudlbn of the National Debt, or who

that have been ^all bate .already depofited with or (hall hereafter pay to the faid made (hall be Caihier or Caihiers any Sum or Sums of Money or Exchequer Bills, forfeited.	or carrry into the Office of the Paymafters of Exchequer Bills any

Exchequer Bills, at the times and in the manner hereinbefore mentioned, in part of the Sum 'or Sums fo by them refpe&ively fub-feribed, or their refpe&ive Executors, Adminiftrators, SuccefTors or Afiigns, ihall not transfer to the faid Commiifioners, or advance and pay to the faid Caihier or Caihiers, or carry into the Office of the Paymafters of Exchequer Bills, the Reiidue of the Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, Money or Exchequer Bills fubferibed, at the times and in the manner before mentioned, then and in every fuch Cafe fo much of the refpe&ive Annuities, Money or Exchequer Bills fo fubferibed, as ihall have been a&ually transferred, paid or delivered in part thereof as afbrefaid, ihall be forfeited for the Benefit of the Public, and all Right and Title to the faid Annuities in refpeA thereof ihall be extinguished ; any thing in this A& contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

Books to be pro- XXV- And be it further ena&ed^ That in the Office of the Ac-«deJbf*rh*i j countant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of for*entering* he England for the Time being, a Book or Books ihall be provided and Name* of Sub- kept, in which the Names of the Subfcribers ihall be fairly entered; feriber*.	which Book or Books the faid refpe&ive Subfcribers, their refpe&ive

Executors, Adminiftrators, SuccefTors and Afiigns, ihall and may from time to time, and at all feafonable times, relort to and infpeA, without any Fee or Charge; and that the faid Accountant General (hall, on or before the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, tranfmit an attefted Duplicate, fairly written on Paper, of the faid Book or Books, into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer of Great Britain* there to remain for ever-

Buoki forTrant-	XXVI. And be it further ena&ed. That Books (hall be conftantlv

k ” bf A[inuilie# bept by the faid Accountant General for the time being, wherein aU cmmtJL p’ Affigoments or Transfers of all Annuities created under the Provifions ral,	9	of this A& (hall be entered and regiftered; rfhich Entry (hall be con-

ceived in proper Words for that rurpofe, and fhaH be figned by the Parties making fuch Affignments or Transfers, or if fuch Parties be abfent, by their refpe&ive Attorney or Attornies thereunto lawfully authorised, in Writing under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to be attefted by Two or more credible Witnefles $ and that the feveral Perfons to wnom fuch Transfers fhall be made may re-

fpefiively

A.D. 1818

58® GEO. IIL

G. 23*

51

fpedively underwrite their Acceptance thereof | and that no other Method of affigning and transferring the faid Annuities, or any Part thereof, or any Intereft therein, (hall be good or available in Law: Provided always, that all Perfons poflefled of any Share or Intereft in the faid Annuities, or any Eftate or Intereft therein, may devife the fame by Will in Writing, attefted by Two or more credible Wit-neffes; but that no Payment (hall be made upon any fuch Devife, until fo much of the laid Will as relates to fuch Share* Eftate 6r Intereft in the faid Annuities, be entered in the faid Office; and that, in default of fuch Transfer or Devife, fuch Share, Eftate or Intereft in the faid Annuities (hall go to the Executors, Adminiltra-tors, Succeffors and Affigns; and that no Stamp Duties whatsoever (hall be charged on any of the faid Transfers ; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded, That all Perfons who (hall be entitled to any of the Annuities hereby granted, and all Perfons lawfully claiming under them, (hall be pofleffed thereof as of a Perfonal Eftate, which (hall not be defcendible to Heirs, nor liable to any foreign Attachment, by the Cuftom of London or otherwife; any Law, Statute or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded, That fuch Subscribers duly transferring or paying or delivering in the whole Amount fo fubferibed at or before the refpedive times in this A61 limited in that behalf, and their refpedtive Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeffors and Affigns, (hall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this Ad to have, receive and enjoy the faid Annuities by this Ad granted in refped of the Ampunt fo fubferibed, and (hall have good and fure Interefta and Eftates therein, according to the Several Prorifions in this Ad contained; and that the faid Annuities (hall be free from all Taxes, Charges and Impofirions whatfoever.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded, * That at anytime after the

Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and twenty nine, and not Sooner, upon Six Months9 Notice to be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, by Authority of Parliament, and upon Repayment by Parliament of the whole of the faid Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, or any Part thereof, by Payments not lefs than Five hundred thoufand Pounds at one Time, in fuch manner as (hall be direded by any future Ad or Ads of Parliament in that behalf, and alfo upon full Payment of all Arrearages of the faid Annuities, then, and not till then, fuch and fo much of the faid Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, as (hall be attending on the principal Sum or Sums fo paid off, (hall ceafe and determine, and be underftood to be redeemed; and that any Vote or Refolution of the Houfe of Commons, fignified by the Speaker id Writing, to be inferted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London as aforefaid, (hall be deemed and adjudged to be fufficient Notice within the Words and Meaning of this Ad.	•

XXX.	And be it further enaded, That all the Consolidated Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum which (hall be created under the Prorifions of this Ad, (hall, after the Fifth Day of July Ono thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, be added to the Joint Stock of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England^

E 2	into

Provifo for Devife of Annuities by Will

No Sump Duty on Transfers.

Annuities to be Perfonal Eftate, and not liable to foreign Attach, meat;

•oft to be Tax

Fre«b

After April 5, 1829, the As. nuities may be paid off, upon Six Months* Notice.

What (hall be deemed Notice.

The 3 per Cent. Confols of this A& to be added to the joint Stock of 3 per Cent. Confols under former A61;

G. 23.

58? GEO. III.

A.D. 1818

5 i

fubjed to Redemption on Notice under *5 O. *. c. %J-I M*

The 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities under this A€t to be added to the joint Stock of 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities under *3 G. 2. c. i.

Dividends ptv-able out of the Con folk) a ted Fund,

and the Mooey ifloed at the Exchequer to the Bank of England.

Bank of England to appoint Caftuers, and alfo an Account* ant General.

into whifch the federal Sums, carrying an Intereft after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, were, by feveral A As made in the Twenty taftb, Twenty eighth, Twenty ninth, Thirty fecond, and Thirty third Years of the Reign of His late Maiefty King George the Second, and by feveral fubfequent A As, consolidated, and (hall be deemed Part of the faid joint Stock of Annuities, fubjeA nevertheless to Redemption by Parliament in fuch manner and upon fuch Notice as, in trie faid A A made in the Twenty fifth Year of His faid late Majefty’s Reign is direAed in refpeA of tne feveral and refpeAjve Annuities redeemable by virtue of the faid A A; and that all and every Perfon and Perfons and Corporation wbatfoever, in proportion to the Money to which he or they (hall become entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this AA, (hall have and be deemed to have a proportional Intereft and Share in the. faid joint Stock of Annuities at the Rates aforefaid.

XXXI.	And be it further enaAed, That all the Reduced Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, created under the Provi-fions of this AA, (hall be added to the Joint Stock of Annuities trauf-ferable at the Bank of England, which,-by an A A made in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His late Majefty, were reduced from Four Pounds per Centum per Annum to Three Poundsper Centum per Annum, and (hall be deemed Part of the faid joint Stock of Annuities, fubjc A neverthelefs to Redemption by Parliament in fuch manner and upon fuch Notice as in the leveral A As by which the faid Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum were refpeAively granted, are direAed in refpeA of the Annuities redeemable by virtue thereof; and that all and every Perfon and Perfons and Corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the Money to which he or they (hall become entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this A A, (hall have and be deemed to have a proportional Intereft and Share in the faid joint Stock of Annuities at the Rate afprefaid.

XXXII.	And be it further enaAed, That all the Annuities created under tlie-Provifions of this AA, and Intereft and Dividends which (hall become payable in refpeA thereof, (haU be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon, and made payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, after paying or reserving Sufficient to pay all fuch Sums of Money as have Imn direAed by any former A A or A As of Parliaa ment; and the faid Annuities at the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum (hall be fubjeA to Redemption by Parliament in manner hereinbefore mentioned.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaAed, That fo much Money (hall from time to time be fet apart and iflued at the Receipt of the Exchequer in England, out of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to the faid Caihier or Cafhiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as (hall be fufficient to fatisfy and pay the refpeAive Annuities to be created under the Provifions of this AA, together with the Charges attending the fame.

XXXIV.	And for the more eafy and fure Payment of all the Annuities eftabliffied by this AA, be it further enaAed, That the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Suc-ceffors, (hall, from time to time, until all the faid Annuities (hall be redeemed, appoint and employ one or more fufficient Perfon or Perfons within their Office in the City of London to be their Chief or

Firft

.A.D. 1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. 23.

53

Firfl Caffiier or Caffiiers, and one other fufficient Perfon within the fame Office to be their Accountant General; and that fo much of the Monies from time to time being in the Receipt of the Exchequer, and forming the Confolidated Fund by this Ad made applicable for that Purpoie, as (hall be fufficient to anfwer the faid Annuities, (hall, by Order of the Commiffioners of the Treafury of the United King, dom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treafurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, without any further or other Warrant to be fued for, had or obtained in that behalf, from time to time at the refpe&ive Days of Payment in this Ad appointed, be iffiied and paid at the Receipt of the Exchequer to the faid Fir (I or Chief Caffiier or Ca(hiers of the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ and their SuccefTors for the time being, by way of Impreft and upon Account for the Payment of the faid Annuities; and that fuch Caffiier or Caffiiers to whom the faid Money (hall from time to time be iffiied (hall, from time to time, without Delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his or their Accounts thereof aocording to the due Courfe of the Exchequer in Great Britain ; and that the faid Accountant General for the time being (hall from time to time infped and examine all Receipts and Payments of the faid Caffiier or Caffiiers, and the Vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence or Delay.

XXXV.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed. That it (hall be

lawful to and for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to retain out of the faid Sums fubfcribed a Sum at the Rate of Eight hundred Pounds for every Million fubfcribed'in Money, in refpeft of the Transfer of Three Pounds/er Centum Annuities to the Account of the Commiffioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt, as an Allowance for the Service, Pains and Labour of the faid Caffiier or Caffiiers employed in receiving, paying and accounting for the fame, and alfo for the Service, Pains and Labour of the faid Accountant General, for performing the Truft repofed in him by this A& : which Allowance in refpeft of the Service, Pains and Labour of the faid Caffiier or Caffiiers and Accountant General of the faid Governor and Company, (hall be for the Ufe of the faid Governor and Company, and at their Difpofal only.	*

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That out of the Monies arifing from the faid Sub&ription, anj Three or more of the faid Commimoners of the Treafury, or the High Treafurer for the time being, (hall have Power to difcharge all fuch incident Charges as (hall neceflarily attend the Execution or this A£t, in fuch Manner as to them (hall teem juft and reafonable.

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for any Three or more of the Commiffioners of the Treafury, or the fai4 High Treafurer for the time being, to iffiie and apply from time to time all fuch Sums of Money as (hall be fo paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer of Great Britain by the faid Caffiier or Caffiiers, or by the Paymafters of Exchequer Bills, in refpe& of all the Monies fubfcribed or paid under the Provifions of this AA, to fuch Services as (hall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this prefent Seffion of Parliament.

E 3

Monies to be iflued at the Exchequer to the faid Cafhiers.

Cafhiers duly to apply the fame.

Allowance of 8ool. for every Million l'ub-fcribed (hall be made to the Bank of England, which they may retain out of Sums fubfcribed.

Incidental Charges to be peid by Treafury.

Money ralfed to be applied to the Public Service.

/

XXXVIII. And

C.23.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Forging, counterfeiting or altering Receipts or Certificates, fcc.;

or knowingly uttering fuch;

or afnfting,frc. in fucK Forgery, fcc.;

Death.

Bank of England to continue e Corporation until Annuities redeemed.

Taking Feee,

Penalty aoL

General IflTue.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Per-fons (hall forge or counterfeit, or caufc or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or fhall willingly ad or aifift in the forging or counterfeiting, any Receipt or Receipts, or Certificate or Certificates, for the Whole or any Part or Parts of the faid Money, Annuities or Exchequer Bills fubfcribed under the Provifions of this Ad, either with or without the Name or Names of any Perfon or Perfons being in-ferted therein, as the Subfcriber or Subfcribers thereto, or Transferrer or Transferrers, or Payer or Payers thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, or any Certificate or Certificates direded to be made out by this Ad, or any Alignment thereof, or Indorsement thereon, or fhall alter any Number, Figure or Word therein refpedively, or utter or publifh as true any fucn falfe, forged, counterfeited or altered Receipt or Receipts, or Certificate or Certificates, or Affignment or Affign-ments thereof, or Indorsement or Indorsements thereon, with Intent to defraud His Majefty or the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, every (uch Perfon or Perfons fo forging or counterfeiting, or caufing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly ading or aflifting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering or publifhing as aforefaia, being thereof convided in due Form of Law, fhall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and fhall Suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

XXXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Snc-ceffors, notwithftanding the Redemption of all or any of their own funds, in purfuance of the Ads for eftablifhing the fame or any of them, fhall continue a Corporation for the Purpofes of this Ad, until the Annuities by this Ad granted fhall be redeemed by Parliament as aforefaid; and that the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Member thereof, fhall not incur any Difability for or by reafon of their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this Ad.

XL. And be it further enaded, That no Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatfoever fhall be demanded or taken of any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, for receiving or paying the faid Subscription or Contribution Monies, or any of them, or for any Receipt concerning the fame, or for paying the faid Annuities or any of them, or for any Transfer, or for any Sum, great or Small, on the ufual Days of Transfer, to be made in purfuance of this Ad, ufciop pain that any Officer or Perfon offending, by taking or demanding any fuch Fee, Reward or Gratuity, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit the fum of Twenty Pounds to tne Party aggrieved, with full Cofts of Suit, to be recovered by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weflmin/ler, wherein no Effoign, Protedion/ Privilege or Wager of Law, fnjundion or Order of Reftraint, or any more than One Imparlance fhall be granted or allowed.

XLI. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall be fued, mplefted or profecuted for any thing done by virtue or in purfuance of this Ad, fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall and may plead the General Iffue, and give this Ad and the Special Matter in Evidence in his, her or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdid fhall pafs for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall difeontinue his, her or their Adion or Profecution, or be non-fnited, or Judgment fhall be given againft him, her or them (Tpon Demurrer

A. D. 1818.

53° GEO. III.

C. 23, 24.

55

rourrer or otberwife, then fuch Defendant or Defendants ihall have Treble Cofts awarded to him, her or them againft any fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XLII. And be it further enaded, That this A3, or any of the Provifions thereof, may be altered, varied or repealed by any A3 or A3s to be patted in this Settion of Parliament.

CAP. XXIV.

An Aft for enabling His Majefty to make further Provifion for

His Royal Highnefs the Duke of Cambridge, and to fettlean

Annuity on the Princefs of Heft) in cafe (lie (hall furvivc

His faid Royal Highnefs.	[8th	May 1818.]

* Moft Gracious Sovereign,

*	YT7 E, Your Maiefty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subjefts, the ‘ W Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and

*	Ireland in Parliament aflembled, having taken into Confideration 4 the Meffage of His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent, afting in 4 the Name and on the behalf of His Majefty, communicating that a 4 Treaty of Marriage was in Negotiation between His Royal High-4 nefs the Duke.of Cambridge and Her Serene Highnefs the Princefs 4 Augujla Wilbelmtna Louifa, youngeft Daughter of His Serene

*	Highnefs the Landgrave Frederick of Heft Caftel, and Niece of 4 His Royal Highnefs the Eleftor of Heft ;9 Do moft humbly be-feech Your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland) to give and grant unto His faid Royal Highnefs the Duke of Cambridge, for and during His Majefty’s Royal Will and Pleafure, an Annuity or Yearly Sum of Six thoufand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, in fuch Proportions and in fuch manner and Form as His Majefty in His Wif-dom (hall think fit to direft and appoint the fame ; which Annuity (hall commence and take effeft from the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, and (hall be paid ana payable Quarterly, in equal Portions, at the Four moft ufual Days of Payment in the Year, (that is to fay,) the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of Odober, the Fifth Day of January, and the Fifth Day of April in each and every Year ; and alfo that it (hall and may be lawful to and for The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland) to give and grant unto Her faid Serene Highnefs the Princefs Augujla Wtlhelmina Louifa of Heft Caftl, when (he (hall become Duchefs of Cambridge) or to fuch other Perfon or Perfons as His Majefty (hall think fit to be named in fuch Letters Patent, and his or their Heirs, to the Ufe of or in Truft for Her faid Serene Highnefs, an Annuity of Six thoufand Pounds of like lawful Money, which (hall have Commencement and take effe3 immediately from and after the Deceafe of His faid Royal Highnefs the Duke of Cambridge) in cafe Her faid Serene Highnefs (hall furvive him, and (hall continue from thenceforth for and during the natural Life of Her faid Serene

E 4?	Highnefs,

Treble Cofls.

Aft irfay be altered, See. litis jSelfiun.

An Annuity of 6oool. granted to the Duke of Cambridge during Pleafure.

Payable Quarterly as herein mentioned.

An Annuity of

6oool. for Life to the Duchef* of Cambridge, if (he furvive the Duke.

C. 24, 25.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818

IV

ter!

i|T»We Qu

The Ciki Annuities payable out of the Coufoli-dated Fund; .

and payable at the Exchequer, without Fee.

Annuities clear of Taxes.

-Highnefs, and (hall be paid and payable in equal Portions at the Four Days of Payment hereinbefore mentioned; the Firft Payment thereof to be made at fuch of the faid Days of Payment as (hall firft and next happen after the Deceafe of His faid Royal Highnefs the Duke of Cambridge, in <cafe Her (aid Serene Highnefs (hall furvive him as aforefaid; and .that the faid federal Annuities (hall and may in and by fuch Letters Patent be direfted to be refpeftively iffuing and payable out of and chargeable upon the Confoudated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, (after paying or referring fufficient to pay all fuch Sums as have been direfted to be paid out of the fame by any Aft or Afts of Parliament made previous to the time of paffing this A A,) but with preference to all other Payments which mall or may at any time or times after the palling of this Aft be charged upon and payable out of the faid Fund.

JI. And be it further enafted. That the faid feveral Annuities, as the fame (hall take effeft, (hall be paid and payable during the Continuance of the fame refpeftively at the Receipt of His Majelty's .Exchequer at Wejhninjler; and the Auditor of the faid * Receipt (hall and he is hereby required by virtue of fuch Letters Patent refpeftively to make forth and pafs Debentures from time to time for paying the JaidfeveFal Annuities during the Continuance of the fame refpeftively, and as the fame (hall become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any Part thereof; and the faid Debentures to be made forth and palled as aforefaid (hall be a fufficient Authority to the feveral and refpeftive .Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being /or the Payment of the faid feveral Annuities, as the fame (hall take effeft, according to the Direftions of this Aft, without any further or other Warrant to be fued for, had or obtained in that behalf.

III. And be it enafted, That the faid feveral Annuities, and every Part thereof refpeftively, (hall be free and clear from all Taxes, Rates and Affeffments, and all other Charges whatever, impoied or 4o be impofed by Authority of Parliament or otherwife.

CAP. XXV.

An Aft for enabling His Majefty to fettle an Annuity on Her *Royal Highnefs the Duchefs of Cumberland, in cafe of her furviving His Royal Highnefs the Duke of Cumberland.

[8th May 1818.]

4 Moft Gracious Sovereign,

4 IfTTE, Your Majelty’s mod dutiful and loyal Subjefts, the Com-4 VV mons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ’< in Parliament affembled, having taken into Confideration the moft 4 Gracious Mefiage of His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent, 4 afting in the Name and on the behalf of Hia Majefty, have refolved 4 that a Sum of Six thoufand Pounds per Annum be fettled on 4 Her Royal Highnefs the Duchefs of Cumberland, in cafe Her 4 Royal Highnefs (hould furvive His Royal Highnefs the Duke of 4 Cumberlandt* Do moft; humbly befeech Your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority o( the fame, That it (hall be lawful for The King’s

Moft

A.Dsl818.

58° GEO. IIL

C. 25.

57

Moft Excellent Majefty, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to give and grant unto Her faid Royal Highnefa the Duchefs of Cumberland, in cafe (he (hall furvive His faid Royal Highnefa the Duke of Cumberland, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as His Maiefty (hall think fit to be named in fuch Letters Patent, and his or their Heirs, to the Ufe of or in Truft for Her faid Royal Highnefs, One Annuity or Yearly Sum of Six thoufand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, fuch Annuity or Yearly Sum of Six thoufand Pounds, and every Part thereof, to commence and take effed immediately from and after the Deceafe of His faid Royal Highnefs the Duke of Cumberland, and continue from thenceforth for and during the natural Life of Her faid Royal Highnefs, and (hall he paid and payable at the Four moft ufual Days of Payment in the Year, (that is to fay,) the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of jipriU tne Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of 0Sober in every Year, by even and equal Portions; the Firft Payment thereof to he made on the Firft

Suarterly Day of Payment next after the Deceafe of His faid Royal ighnefs, of fuch Proportion of fuch Quarterly Payment as (nail have accrued between the Day of fuch Deceafe and fuch Quarter Day; and that the faid Annuity of Six thoufand Pounds (hall and may by fuch Letters Patent be direded to be ifluing and payable out of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland during the Life of Her faid Royal Highnefs, (after paying or referving iufficient to pay all fuch Sums as (hall have been directed to be paid out of the fame by any Ad or Ads of Parliament made previous to the time of pamng this Ad,) and with a Pre. ference to all other payments which (hall or may at any time or times after the palling of tnis Ad be charged upon and payable out of the faid Fund.

II. And be it further enaded, That the faid Annuity of Six thoufand Pounds (hall be paid and payable at the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wcjlminjier, and the Auditor of the faid Receipt (hall and he is hereby required by virtue of fuch Letters Patent to make forth and pafs Debentures from time to time for paying, according to the Diredions of this Ad, the faid Annuity, as the fame (hall become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame or any Part thereof $ and the faid Debentures to be made forth and paflea as aforefaid (hall be a iufficient Authority to the feveral and refpedive Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the tune being for the Payment of the faid Annuity according to the Diredions of this Act, without any further or other Warrant to be fued for, had or obtained in that behalf.

III. And be it further enaded. That the faid Annuity of Six thoufand Pounds, and every Part thereof, (hall be free and clear from all Taxes, Rates and Afleflinents, and all other Charges whatfoever impofed or to be impofed by Authority of Parliament or otherwife.

An Annuity of 6000L granted to the Duchels of Cumberland for Life, in cafe (he (hall fur-vive the Duke.

To be paid Quarterly on the Days herein mentioned, out of the Confoli-dated Fund.

Payable at the Exchequer, without Fee,

Annuity clear of Taxes.

CAP.

58

C. 26.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

54 G. 3* c* X49*

55 G. 3. c. 131.

56 G.3. e.105.

54 O.3. c. 149* as altered by 56 G. 3* C-'°S-

8c c. further continued.

CAP. XXVI.

An Aft to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen. Two Afts made in the Fifty fourth and Fifty fixth Years of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally, and to amend the fame.

[23d May 1818.]

WHEREAS an Aft was made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AB to regulate 4 until the End of the next Seffion of Parliament the Trade in Spirite 1 between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally ; and which, by an 4 Aft made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent 4 Majefty, was continued until the End of the then next Seffion of 4 Parliament: And Whereas by an Aft made in the Fifty fixth ‘ Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, to amend and continue * the faid recited Aft of the Fifty fourth Year aforefaid, and to grant 4 and allow new countervailing Duties and Drawbacks 011 Spirits * imported and exported between England and Scotland and Ireland 4 refpeftively, the faid recited Aft of the Fifty fourth Year afore* 4 faid was further continued, except fo far as the fame was altered 4 by the laft mentioned Aft, until the End of the laft Seffion of Par-4 liament; and the faid recited Afts were by an Aft of the laft Seffion 4 of Parliament fo further continued until the End of the prefent 4 Seffion of Parliament; and it is expedient that the faid recited Aft • of the Fifty fourth Year aforefaid, fo altered as aforefaid, and 4 fuch Parts of the faid Aft of the Fifty fixth Year aforefaid as are 4 now in force, except as hereinafter mentioned, (hould be further * continued •/ Be it therefore enafted by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Aft of the Fifty fourth Year aforefaid, as altered by the (aid Aft of the Fifty fixth Year afdtefaid, and alfo fuch Parts of the laft-mentioned Aft as are now in force, except as hereinafter mentioned, and the feveral Duties and Drawbacks thereby grauted and allowed and now payable, (hall be and the Tame is and are hereby further continued from and after the End of this prefent Seffion of Parliament, and (hall remain and continue in force from thence until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen.

4 II. And Whereas by the faid Aft made in the Fifty fixth 4 Year aforefaid, the Strength of Eight per Centum above Proof 4 denoted by Sites's Hydrometer \?as fubftiti^ed for the Strength of 4 One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof mentioned in the faid Afts, 4 and the Strength of Twenty two ter Centum above Proof denoted * by the faid Hydrometer was fubftituted for^the Strength of One 4 to Four Hydrometer Proof mentioned in the aforefaid Afts: And 4 Whereas the faid Strengths (o refpeftively fubftituted have been * found to exceed the faid Strengths for which the fame were fo re-4 fpeftively fubftituted; and further Provifion is made by an Aft of 4 the prefent Seffion in that behalf; and it is therefore expedient to • repeal fo much of the aforefaid Aft of the Fifty fixth Year aforefaid

* as

A.D.1818.

58° GEO, III

59

C.26,27.

4 as fubftituted fuch Strengths as aforefaidBe it therefore enafted, That from and after the paffing of this Aft, fo much of the faid Aft as aforefaid (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed,

CAP. XXVII.

An A€t to permit the Importation of certain Articles into His Majefty’s Colonies or Plantations in the Weft Indies, or on the Continent of South America; and alfo certain Articles into certain Ports in the Wejl Indies.	[23d	May 1818.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to allow the Importation of certain Articles into His Majefty’s Colonies or Plantations in the Weft Indies, or on the Continent of South America; Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful to import Tobacco, Rice, Grain, Peas, Beans and Flour into any of His Majefty’s Colonies or Plantations in the Weft Indies, or on the Continent of South America, for the Supply of the Inhabitants thereof, in Britifh built Ships, owned, regiftered and navigated according to Law, from any Colony or Poffeffion in the Weft Indies, or on the Continent of Ame-rica under the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State.

II. And be it further enafted, That it ftiall and may be lawful to import Peas and Beans, being the Growth or Produftion of any of the Colonies or Poflelfions in the Weft Indies, or on the Continent of America, belonging to or undar the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State, into any of the Ports in His Majefty’s Colonies or Plantations in the Weft Indies enumerated in an Aft paffed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AB to confolidate and extend the federal Law now in force for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandise into and from certain Ports in the Weft Indies; and in another Aft, paffed in the Forty fixth Year of the Reign of His faid Majefty, intituled An A8 for enabling His Majefty to permit the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into and from the Port of Road Harbour in the Ifland of Tortola; and liKe-wife in another Aft, palled in the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AB for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into and from the Port of Fal mouth in the Ifland of Jamaica; and in another Aft, paffed m the Fifty fecond Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AB for allowing certain Articles to be imported into the Bahama Iflands and exported therefrom in Foreign Veffels, andfor encouraging the Exportation of Salt from the faid Iflands ; and in another Aft, paffed in the Fifty feventh Year of the Reign of His faid Majefty, intituled An AB to extend feveral ABs for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandise to Porta Maria in the Ifland of Jamaica, and to the Port of Bridge Town in the Ifland of Batbadoes, in Veffels of the like Description, and fubjeft to the like Rules, Regulations and Reftriftions as are required by the aforeiaid Afts permitting certain Articles to be imported into the Ports enumerated therein, and in Veffels of the like Defcripdon, and fubjeft*

to

56 G. 3. c. 105. § 6. in part re* pealed.

Tobacco, &c. may be imported from Foreign European Colonies in Welt Indies and America, into the Weft Indies or ’ South America in Britiih built Ships.

Pess and Besns

of the Growth of fuch Foreign European Colonies may be imported into any Ports in the Britiih Colonies in the Weft Indies mentioned in 45G-3-C.J7,

46 G.3. c. 72.

49 & 3* c. aa.

52G.3. c. 99.

57G.3.C.74.

Subject to the Regulations therein mentioned, and alfo to the Regula-

C. 27, 28.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

tions required by to the like Rules, Regulations and Reftridions as are required in 50 G.3. c. ax. ^ y^d paffed in the Fiftieth Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign, in^ tituled An A3 for amending and continuing fo amended until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, an AS of the Forty fifth. Tear of His prefent Majefiyt for confolidating and extending the feveral Laws in force for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize into ana from certain Ports in the weft Indies, which was afterwards continued, by an Ad paffed in the Fifty fecond Year of . His faid Majefty’* Reign, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, and revived and made perpetual by another Ad, paffed in 54 G. 3. c 48. the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His faid Majefty, intituled An AS to revive and make perpetual certain ASs for confolidating and extending the feveral Laws in force for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Articles into and from certain Ports in the Weft Indies.

CAP. XXVIII.

56 O. 3. c. 140.

41G. 3. c.97. ( 8.

V G 3. c.31. 5 H*

An Aft to repeal an Aft made in the Fifty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for eftablilhing the Ufe of an Hydrometer called Sikes*s Hydrometer, in afeertaining the Strength of Spirits, inftead of Clarkds Hydrometer; and for making other Provifions in lieu thereof. [23d May 1818.]

WHEREAS a certain Ad Was made in the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for eftablilhing the * Ufe of an Hydrometer called Sikes9s Hydrometer, in afeertaining 4 the Strength of Spirits, inftead of Clark?s Hydrometer ; reciting 4 therein, that by an Ad made in the Forty firft Year of the Reign 4 of His prefent Majefty, among other things, for making perpetual 4 fo much of an Ad made in the Twenty .fiventh Year of the Reign 4 of His prefent Majefty as related to afeertaining the Strength of 4 Spirits by Clarke9s Hydrometer, it was enaded, that fo much of • an Ad made in the Twenty feventh Year of the Reign of His 4 prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for making Allowances to the 4 Dealers in Foreign Wines, for the Stock of certain Foreign Wines in 4 their Pojfejfion at a certain time, upon which the Duties on Import• 4 'dtion have been paid, and for amending feveral Laws relating to 4 the Revenue of Excife, as direded that all Spirits (hould be deemed 4 and taken to be of the Degree of Strength at which the Hy-4 drometer commonly called Clarke98 Hydrometer (hould, upon Trial 4 by any Officer or Officers of Excife, denote any fuch Spirits to be, 4 which was to continue in force until the Fifth Day of April One 4 thoufand feven hundred and eighty eight, and which, by feveral 4 fubfequent Ads, was continued until the Firft Day of June One 4 thoufand eight hundred and one, (hould be made perpetual; and 4 that (ince the paffing of the faid Ads, an Hydrometer called 4 Sikes9s Hydrometer had with great Care been completed, and had, 4 by proper Experiments made for that Purpofe, been afeertained to 4 denote as Proof Spirit that which, at the Temperature of Fifty-4 one Degrees by Fahrenheit>s Thermometer, weighs exadly Twelve 4 Thirteenth Parts of an equal Meafure of Diftilled Water, and alfo 4 to determine the Strengths of aU other Spirits, in proportion to the 4 Quantity of fuch Proof Spirit which is contained therein, or which

4 can

A.D.1818.

58* GEO. III.

C. 28.

Gl

€ can be made from them, with a Degree of accuracy never before

*	attained; and that it was expedient to eftablifti the fame in lieu and « inftead of the faid Hydrometer called Clarke's Hydrometer, which

*	ftill remained in Ufe in Great Britain under and by virtue of the faid*

‘ Aft j and that it was alfo expedient to repeal the faid recited

*	Claufe of the faid Aft made in the Forty firft Year of the Reign

*	aforefaid ; and alfo an Aft made in the Forty fecond Year of the 4* G.3. c.97*

*	Reign aforefaid, intituled An AB to authorize the Lord High Trea-

*	furer or Commi/Jtoners of the Treafury in Great Britain, and the Lord

*	High Treafurer or the CommiJJioncrs of the Treafury in Ireland, to

*	order the Ufe of the Hydrometers now employed in the Management 1 of the Revenues to be difcontinued and other Inflruments to be ufed 1 inftead thereof: And Whereas the faid Aft, by which the Afts

*	therein recited as aforefaid were repealed, and the Ufe of Sikes'*

*	Hydrometer eftablifhed as aforefaid, will expire on the Firft Day

*	of Auguft One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen ; and it is ex-

*	pedient to repeal the faid Aft, fave and except as hereafter men-

*	tioned, and make further Provifion for the Purpofes therein men-

*	tioned Be it therefore enafted by The Ring’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons; in this prefent Parliament afiembled,

and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the patting 56G.3.C. 140. of this Aft, the faid Aft of the Fifty fixth Year aforefaid (hail be ana (E«6ption) the fame is hereby repealed, fave and except in all Cafes relating to '•I**1* * the recovering any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, which (hall have been incurred under fuch Aft at any time before or on the palling of this Aft, and fave and except as to fo much of the faid Aft as repealed the faid Claufe of the Aft of the Forty firft Year, and the faid Aft of the Forty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, which (hall, notwithftanding any thing herein contained, remain wholly repealed.

II. And be it further enafted. That in and throughout the United Spirits deemed Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from and after the pafiing of to be °r the this Aft, all Spirits (hall be deemed and taken to be of the Degree of	tV"	.

Strength at which the faid Hydrometer called Sikes's Hydrometer, Hydrometer!* * ufed under the Direftions of the Commifiioners of Excife, (hall, Exception, upon Trial by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms or Excife, denote fuch Spirits to be, except any Spirits (not being Foreign Cordials, Briti/h Brandy, or Brittfh Compounds) which (hall be Spirits fweeten-fwefetened, or have any Ingredient or Ingredients mixed with or put	to	defeat

into the fame, fo as to defeat the Operation of the faid Hydrometer, or deceive the Officer in trying the true Strength thereof with the faid footed, and 9 Hydrometer, whereby His Majefty may be defrauded; iu all and maybefeixed. every of which Cafes, fuch Spirits (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife, any thing in any other Aft or .Afts to the contrary thereof in any wile notwithftanding ; and all Rules, Regulations, Provifions, Penalties, For- Regulations for feitures, Claufes, matters and things in any Aft or Afts contained, trying tho and not hereby exprefsly controuled or altered, nor repugnant to the Strength of Provifions of this Aft, relating to the afcertaining of the Degree of cUrke’sHydro-Strength of any Spirits, or to the Degree of Strength of any Spirits, meter (hall apply for any Purpofe whatever relating to the Revenues of Cuftoms and to Sikes's Hy-Excife, or either of them, by the faid Hydrometer called darkest drometer. Hydrometer, or by any other Hydrometer in that Part of the United

Kingdom

62

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

Tabic of the Strengths of Spirits formed under the Com-roiflioner* of Ex-cifc, to be ufed by the Officers of Cuftoms and Excife.

Certain Rates of Strength by Sikes’s Hydrometer (hall be fubftituted in Room of others herein mentioned.

C .28.

Kingdom called Ireland, (hall be in full Force, and applied in all refpefts as to the faid Hydrometer called Si let’s Hydrometer, as fully and effectually, as if the fame were hereby particularly re-enafted as to fuch laft mentioned Hydrometer.

‘ III. And Whereas the Strengths of Spirits denoted by the faid

*	Hydrometer called Siler’s Hydrometer, according to the Tem-

•	perature thereof, have been, under the Direction of the Com-4 miffioners of Excife for England, fet down in a Table intituled 4 44 A Table of the Strengths of Spirits denoted by Siler’s Hydro-4 44 meter,” and which faid Table has been and is lubfcribed by the 4 Hand of the Right Honourable Nicholas VanRttart Chancellor of 4 the Exchequer, and lodged with the Commimoners of Excife for 4 England; and it is expedient to make fuch Provifion for and in 4 refpeft thereof as is hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enafted. That the Strengths of Spirits fo fet down in the faid Table (hall, in and throughout the faid United Kingdom, be deemed and taken to be true and juft, and that the faid Table (hall on all neceffary or convenient Occafions be ufed by every Officer and Officers of His Majefty’s Revenues of Cuftoms and Excife refpeftively, in and throughout the faid United Kingdom, for the Purpofes in that behalf aforefaid, and the Refults of fuch Ufe (hall on all Occafions be deemed and taken to be accurate and juft Refults.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That in all fuch Trials of the Strength of any Spirits by any Officer or Officers of Cuftoms or .Excite, with the faid Hydrometer called Siler’s Hydrometer, in any Part of the faid United Kingdom, the Strength of Twenty one per Centum above Proof denoted by the faid Hydrometer called Siler’s Hydrometer, (hall be fubftituted and taken for the Strength of One to Four over Hydrometer Proof mentioned in any A A or Afts of Parliament' relating to His Majefty’s Revenue of Cuftoms or Excife in any Part of the United Kingdom in force immediately before the palling of this Aft ; and that in all fuch Trials as aforefaid the Strength of Nine per Centum above Proof denoted by the faid Hydrometer called Siler’s Hydrometer, (hall in like manner be fubftituted and taken for the Strength of One to Nine over Hydrometer Proof mentioned in any fuch Aft or Afts ; and that in all fuch Trials as aforefaid, the Strength of Seven per Centum above Proof denoted by the faid Hydrometer called Siler’s Hydrometer, (hall in like manner be fubftituted and taken for the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof mentioned in any fuch Aft or Ads ; and that in all fuch Trials as aforefaid, the Strength of Thirteen per Centum under Proof denoted by the faid Hydrometer called Siler’s Hydrometer, (hall in like manner be fubftituted and taken for the Strength of One in Eight under Hydrometer Proof mentioned in any fuch Aft or Afts; and that in all fuch Trials as aforefaid, the Strength of Fifteen per Centum under Proof denoted by the faid Hydrometer called Siler’s Hydrometer, (hall in like manner be fubftituted and taken for the Strength of One to Six under Hydrometer Proof mentioned in any fuch Aft or Afts; and that in all fuch Trials as afose-faid, the Strength of Seventeen per Centum under Proof denoted by the faid Hydrometer called Siler’s Hydrometer, (hall in like manner be fubftituted and taken for the Strength of One in Six under Hydrometer Proof mentioned in any fuch Aft or Afts; and that in all fuch Trials as aforefaid; the Strength of Twenty two f	per

58° GEO. III.

C. 28.

63

per Centum under Proof denoted by the faid Hydrometer called Sikes’s Hydrometer, (hall in like manner be fubftituted and taken for the Strength of One in Five under Hydrometer Proof mentioned in any fuch Ad or Ads; and that in all Accounts to be taken under or by virtue of any fuch Ad or Ads, by any Officer or Officers of Excife, of the Stock of Briti/b Brandy, redified Briti/b Spirits, Raw Briti/b Spirits, Compounds, or other Briti/b Spirits of any Redifier or Redifiers, or Compounder or Compounders of Spirits, all and every fuch Stock and Stocks, (hall be taken and computed at the Strength of Twenty eight and Two thirds per Centum under Proof by the faid Hydrometer called Si bee’s Hydrometer, in lieu and in (lead of calling and computing the fame at the Strength of One in Three and Three fourths under Hydrometer Proof mentioned in any fuch Ad or Ads ; and that all Briti/b Spirits of a greater or higher Degree of Strength than Forty two per Centum above Proof denoted by the faid Hydrometer called Sikes’s Hydrometer, (hall be deemed and taken to be Spirits of Wine within the Meaning of all and every fuch Ad and Ads; and that all and every Penalty and Forfeiture, Penalties and Forfeitures, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, Conditions, matters and things in any fuch Ad or Ads mentioned or contained, touching or relating to any Spirits of the aforefaid Strengths, or any of them, by the faid Hydrometer called Clarke’s Hydrometer, (hall remain and be in force, and (hall be incurred, applied, obferved and exercifed refpedively, in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, with refped to Spirits of the aforefaid Strengths refpedively by the faid Hydrometer called Sikes’s Hydrometer lo fubftituted for them as aforefaid, as if fuch laft mentioned Strengths refpedively had been originally inferted in and made Part of fuch Ad or Ads, m lieu of the faid Strengths refpedively by Clarke’s Hydrometer for which the fame are hereby refpedively fubftituted : Provided always, that if the Strength of any Spirits manufadured and imported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland into that Part of Great Britain called England as aforefaid, (hall, upon Trial by any Officer or Officers of Excife in England, by the laid Hydrometer called Sikes’s Hydrometer, be denoted to be greater than that of Seven per Centum above Proof, and the Strength thereof (hall not exceed Ten per Centum above Proof, then ana in fuch Cafe the faid Spirits (hall not be forfeited, but (hall be charged with a further Duty proportioned to their faid Surplus Strength.

V.	And be it further enaded. That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures impofed by this Ad, (hall be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by fuch Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine* Penalty or Forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler or Dublin, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland refpedively ; and that One Moiety of every fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture dull be to His Majefty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, and the other Moiety to him or them who (hall inform, difeover or fue for the fame.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enaded. That any Spirits the re-fpedive Strengths of which (hall have been taken and afeertained in Ireland purfuant to the Diredions of the faid recited Ad of the Fifty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, (hall not be liable

to

Britilh Spirits higher then 4* per Cent, deemed Spirit* of Wine.

Penalties, Sec. relating to Clarke’i Hydrometer (hall be applicaUe to Sikes’s.

Scotch Spirits imported into England having Strength greater than 7 and not exceeding io per Cent, above Proof, not forfeited, but charged with a proportionate Duty.

Penalties how to be levied.

Irifh Spirits, the Strength of which has been afeertained under 56 O. 3.

64

58° GEO. Ill,

A.D.1818.

c. 14a not liahh to Forfeiture on Account of an Excefs of Strength.

Commencement of Aft, fo far at relates to Ireland.

Aft may be altered, &c. this Seffion.

Feet, &e. for Pardons to be paid by the Treafury.

The Inftrument exempt from Stamp Duties.

C. 28,29,80.

to be forfeited or feized; nor (hall any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture be incurred in refped of any fiich Spirits (not being liable to Forfeiture for any other Caufe) tor or by reafon of any Excefs which; upon any Trial of the Strengths of lucb Spirits to be made by any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife in Great Britain or Ireland under the Provifions of this Ad, (hall or may appear above or beyond the Strengths of fuch Spirits which have been fo previoufly taken and ascertained as aforefaid ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad and the feveral Provifions therein contained, fo far as relates to Ireland, (hall commence and take effed on the Expiration of Ten Days next after the paffing thereof, and not fooner.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad may be altered, amended or repealed by any Adi or Adis to be paffed in this Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. XXIX.

An Aft for regulating the Payment of Fees for Pardons under the Great Seal.	[23d	May	1818.]

*	TT 7 HERE AS it is expedient that the Ex pences incident to

*	VV a Pardon granted by the Crown (houid no longer be *pay-

*	able and paid by or on behalf of the Perfon or Perfons in whofe « Favour or to whom fuch Pardons (hall be granted»’ Be it therefore enadled by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commmons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by .the Authority of the fame. That from and after the paffing of this Ad, no Fee, Gratuity or other Dues paid or payable for or in refped of any Grant of a Pardon by His Majefty, His Heirs and Suc-cefibrs, or for or in refped of any Letters Patent, Charter, Warrant, Bill, Docket or other Inftrument appertaining thereto, or the Tranfcript of any fuch Inftrument, (hall be paid or payable by or on behalf of the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Favour or to whom fuch Pardon (hall be granted ; but that all Fees which are now paid and payable for the granting and paffing of any fuch Pardon or Pardons, (hall be paid by the Lords Comroiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in the fame manner and by the lame Perfons as other Law Expences on behalf of-His Majefty are paid.

II. And be it further enaded. That from and after the paffing of this Ad, no fuch Letters Patent, Charter, Warrant, Bill, Docket, Inftrument or Tranfcript as aforefaid, (hall be fubjed to or liable to be charged with any Stamp Duty or Duties whatever.

CAP. XXX.

An Aft for preventing frivolous and vexatious Aftions of Aflault and Battery, and for flanderous Words, in Courts.

[23d May 1818.]

WHEREAS it is defirable to prevent, as much as may be, frivolous and vexatious Adions and Suits of Aflault and Battery, and for flanderous Words, in inferior Courts; Be it therefore enaded

by

A t

58° GEO. III.

C. 30,31.

65

by The King’s Moll Excellent Mriefly, by and with the Advice and Confent of tne Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this Aft, in all A&ions or Suits of Tfefpafa for Aflault and Battery, to be commenced in any Court having, or which by His Majefty’s Writ of Juftuies may have Jurif-di&ion to hold Pleas in A&ions or Suits to the Amount of Forty Shillings, (other than His Majelly’s Courts at Wejlminfler% the Court of Great Selfions for the Principality of Walee, the Court of Great Seffions for the County Palatine of Chejler% the Court of Common Pleas for the County Palatine of Laneajler, or the Court of Pleas for the County Palatine of Durham,) if the Jury upon the Trial of the Iflue in fuch A61 ion, or the Jury that fhall inquire of the Damages, do find or afiefs the Damages under Forty Shillings, then the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in fuch Adion or Suit fhall* have and recover only fo much Cods as the Damages fo given or afiefied amount unto, without any further Increafe of the fame ; any Law, Statute, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That in all Adions or Suits of Aflault and Battery, or for flanderous, Words, to be fued or pro-fecuted in any Court whatfoever which hath not Jurifdidion to hold Plea to the Amount of Forty Shillings, in fuch Adions or Suits, if the Jury upon the Trial of tne Iflue m fuch Adion or Suit, or the Jury that mall inquire of the Damages do find or afiefs the Damages under Thirty Shillings, then the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in fuch Adion or Suit (hall have and recover only fo much Cods as the Damages fo given or afiefied (hall amount to, without any further Increafe of the fame ; any Law, Statute, Cudom or Ufage to the contrary notwith-danding.

CAP. XXXI.

An Aft to amend an Aft pafied in the Fifty third Tear of His Majefty’s Reign, to make further Regulations for the building and repairing of Court Houfes and Sefiions Houfes in Ireland.	[23d May 1818.]

*	\T7 HEREAS an Ad was pafied in the Fifty third Year of His

*	W • Majefty’s Reign, to make further Regulations for the

*	building and repairing of Court Houfes and Selfions Houfes in

*	Ireland: And Whereas it is expedient that the fame (hould be

*	amended as hereinafter provided Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of tne Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That in all Cafes in which any Pref^ptment hath been or (hall be made for building, rebuilding, enlarging or repairing any Court Houfe whatfoever m Ireland, and no Agreement hath been or (hall have been made for the Purchafe of any Houfe, Building, Land, Tenement or Hereditament which hath been or (hall bethought by the Grand Jury by whom fuch Prefentment (hall have been made, or by any fubfe-quent Grand Jury competent to make fuch Presentment, proper to be purchafed for the Purpofes of fuch Presentment, and that fuch Grand Jury (hall thereupon direft that the fame be purchafed by or under the Valuation of a Jury, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Com-

58 Geo. III.	F	miflioners

In Aft inns c»f Trefpnfs for Af-fault, in inferior Courts, if Damages are given under 40s. PlantifTto recover only lb much Colts at Damages fo given.

In Courts not holding Plea to the Amount of 40s. if the Jury aflefs Damages under 3CB. Plaintiff to recover only Cods to the Amount of Damages given.

Si G.3. c.131.

In *afe« of Pre-> fentment for building, 9tc. Court Houfes, and Purchases directed to be made under the Valuation of a Jury, the Com-miflioners under recited Aft to iflue their Warrant to the

58d GEO. III.

A. 1X1818.

Shetiff, and the fame Proceedings (hall take place as directed by 50 G.3. c. 103.

When Court Horifes (hall be boilt or enlarged within a County of a City or Town, where Affixes, fcr. have ufually been held fuch Court Ho life (hall be deemed Part of County at large.

A6t may be altered, &c. this Seffion.

55 0.3. c.48. I*.

C. 31, 32.

miffioners appointed or to be appointed tinder the faid recited A&, or any Three or more of them, to iffue their Warrant to the Sheriff in manner direded by a certainAd paffed in the Fiftieth Year of Hu Maiefty’s Reign, for repealing the feveral Laws relating to Prifons in Ireland, and for re-enading fuch of the Provifions thereof ai hare been found ufeful, with Amendments, and thereupon fuch and the like Proceedings (hall and may be had and taken for fummoning, impan-nelling and fwearing Junes, and valuing the Premifes (o direded to be purchafed, and each and etery Part thereof refpedively, and for obtaining the full Seifrn and Pofleffion thereof, and a good Title thereto in the faid Commiffioners, and with and fubjed to all the fame Rules, Regulations, Conditions and JurifdidioBS, as concerning any Premifes to be purchafed by fuch Valuation under the aforefaid Ad of the Fiftieth Year of His Nftjeffy’s Reign as in the faid Ad provided, and the faid Commiffioners (hall in that behalf have, poffefs and exercife all and every the fame and the like Powers and Authorities as by the faid Ad kft mentioned are granted to and vefted in the Commiffioners therein mentioned.

II.	And he it further enaded, That wherever any Court Houfe of or for any Couuty at large in Ireland (hall have been built or enlarged purfuant to the Provifions of the faid recited Ad of the Fifty third Year of His Majelly’s Reign, and of this Ad, or of either of them, or otherwise, then if fuch Court Houfe, or the Addition fo then made thereto, (hall be within a County of a City or County of a Town wherein the Affixes or^Commiffions of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery for fuch County have ufuaSy fat or been held, then every fuch Court Houfe*which (hall have been fo built or enlarged, and all Additions fo thereto made, and Appurtenances therewith occupied, (hall be deemed and taken to be Part and Pared of the County at large for which the fame (hall have been fo built as aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad may be amended, altered or repealed by any Ad to be made in this Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. xxm

An Aft to amend fo much of an Aft of the Fifty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, as relates to the Salaries of Clergymen officiating as Cnaplains in Houfes of Correftion.

’ [23d May 1818/f

*	YT7 HERE AS by an Ad paffed in the Fifty fifth Year of His

*	VV prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled jin A8 for enlarging the 4 Powers of Two jiQs of Hu prefent Majefiy, for providing Clergy^

*	men to officiate as Chaplains in Gaols and ffaujhs of CorreSton within 1 England and Wales, it was enaded, jLhat no Salary to be affigned

*	to any Clergyman for officiating in any Houfe of Corredion (hould

*	exceed Fifty Pounds a Year : And Whereas it has been found im-4 poffible, in divers Cafes, to provide Clergymen who are fit and will* 4 ing to undertake the Duties of the (aid Office of Chaplain to

*	Houfes of Correftion for (o fmall a Salary: And Whereas it is 1 therefore expedient that . Powers (hould be given to the Joffices of 4 the Peace in their Quarter Seffions to affign a larger Salary to 4 Clergymen officiating in fuch Capacity 5* Be it enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majeffy, by and with the Advice and Confent

14	of

58® GEO. III.

67

C.82, 53.

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembied, and by the Authority1 of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Juftices of the Peace of the federal Counties of England and Wales, in their Quarter Seffions refpe&-ively, to affign any larger Salary than the faid Salary of Fifty Pounds a Year, to Clergymen officiating as Chaplains in Houfes of Correction t Provided always, that in no Cafe fiich Salary (hall exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds a Year.

If. And be it further eni&ed. That Ihould the faid Juftices of the Peace er the major Part of them afleinbled at their General Quarter Seffions think proper, in purfoance of the A€t of the Fifty fifui Year of His prefent Majefty, to appoint Oner Perfon to officiate as Chaplain to the Gaol and Houfe of Corre&ion, that they be authorised to allow fuch Chaplain a Salary not exceeding One hundred and Fifty Pounds.

CAP. XXXIII.

An AQ to alter the Allowance for broken Plate Glafs, and to i	exempt	Manufacturers of certain Glafs Wares from Penalties

for not being lieenfed.	[23d May 1818.]

:	*	YT7HEREAS by an A& made in the Fifty fixth Year of the

1	4	VV Reigfo of His prefect Majefly, amongft other Things, to

*	alter the Drawbacks on Plate Glafs, and to prevent Frauds therein,

!	4 it was ena&ed, that any Maker or Makers of Plate Glafs ho {hould

|	4	break to Pieces in the manner therein mentioned any Number of

!	4	fuch Plates of unground and unpolilhed Plate Glafs as therein men-

4 tioned, (hould thereupon be allowed out of the Duties growing and '	4 becoming due and payable from fuch Maker or Makers refpe&ively

4 for Plate Glafs, after the Rate of Four Pounds Eighteen Shillings 4 for every Hundred Weight of fuch Glafs fo broken to Pieces: 4 And whereas fuch Allowance is exceffive, and it is expedient to 4 repeal the fame and grant a different Rate of Allowance* in lieu

*	thereof f Be k therefore ena&ed by The King's Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual

I and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled,

I and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this A6fc, the Allowance hereinbefore recited (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed f and that in lieu thereof every fuch Maker and Makers as aforefaid (hall be allowed, for every One hundred Pounds

*	Weight of fuch Plates of Plate Glafs as in the (aid recited A 61 are

’	in that behalf mentioned, fo broken in Pieces as therein mentioned,

[	One hundred and ten pounds Weight, and fo in proportion for any

s	lefs Quantity, out of the Grofs Weight of Metal, as afcertained by

\	Gauge, (evolutive of the Quantity of Glafs required by Law to be

*	left la the Bottom,} contained in any Pot or Pots of Metal that

*	may be then depending, or out of any Pot or Pots of Metal of a

I	fubfequent Making of Plate Glaft by any fuch Maker or Makers as

j	aforeiaid; fubjeft nevcrthelefs te all and every the Provifoes, Condi-

\	dons and Regulations mentioned or prefcribed in the faid recited

i	A€t with refpedt to the Allowance hereby repealed, or the Plates

*	of Glafs or Breakage thereof for which fuch Allowance was thereby 1 diredlcd to be made.

»	F	2	II.	And

Juftices in Sef-fions may aflign a larger Salary, not to exceed 100I. a Year;

ami not exceeding X50L te Chaplains of Gaols and Houfe* of Correction.

56 O.3. C.10S.

§ 5.

Allowance under recited A& repealed; and in lieu thereof an Allowance of 1 iolh. out of Grof* Weight of Metal for ioolb. broken in Pieces; fubjeft to former Regulations.

C. 34.

58? GEO. III.

70

AJ). 18J8»

believe, fuch Sugar was produced from Mufcovado Sugar imported firom His Majefty’s Plantations in America^ or from Sugars the Produce of tlie Eajl Indies, and that the feveral Duties payable thereon were duly paid at the time of importing the fame ; ana the Exporter or Exporters of fuch Sugars (hall then make Oath that fuch Sugars, being the Sugars for which fuch Bounty is {hen claimed, are the identical Sugars or Part thereof which were fold to him as aforefaid by fuch Refiner or Refiners ; and before the Money due upon fuen Debenture or Debentures (hall be paid, fuch Exporter or Exporters (hall alfo make Oath that the faid Sugars have been duly exported, His Majefty’s /Searchers alfo certifying the (hipping thereof, and all the Requifites of Law being Oath to be made duly complied with 5 .and whenever the Refioer or. Refiners of fuch by Refiner being Sugars (nail be the Exporter or Exporters thereof, he or they t 9 xporter.	then maj5e Oath as well of the due Exportation of the fame*

as of the feveral Particulars hereinbefore direded to be fworn by him or them (excepting what relates to the Sale of the faid Sugars}. Regulations re- V. And be it further enaded, That all Sugar refined otherwife (•ting to Claying than by the Operation of Claying, (hall be entitled to the Bounties be rmrie?l° a^owe^ an<* mack payable by this Ad, and the Table thereto annexed, be regarded. without regard to any Rules or Regulations relating to fuch Opera* tion of Claying; any thing in any Ad or Adis to the contrary in any wife not withftan ding.

Bounty, &c. not VI. And be it further enaded, That nothing contained in an allowed on Sugar Adi made in the Fifty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign exported to or for granting Bounties on Sugar refined otherwife than by Claying, oMi^S tbe* or *n l^8	extend	or	b*	conftrued	to	extend to give or

Countervailing allow any Bounty, Drawback or Allowance on refined Sugar ex-Duties.	ported from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great

Britain, nor to alter or repeal any of the Countervailing Duties or Equivalent Drawbacks on refined Sugar exported from one Country to the other, granted and made payable under the Ads for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, and the feveral other Ads relating to fuch Countervailing Duties and Equivalent Drawbacks in force in Great Britain and Ireland refpedively.

A& not to aflFeft	VII. And be it further enaded, That nothing in this Ad con*

the Deduction to tained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to alter or repeal the be mede from Dedudion to be made from the Bounty allowed on refined Sugar 8* ^xoorted w^en exported from any Part of the United Kingdom in any other inao/other than a Britijh Veffel, owned, navigated and regiftered according than a Britifli to Law, as direded by, an Ad palled in the Forty third Year Veffal*	of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for difeon-

43	** U* tinning certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar

c\q ' * ffom Great Britain, ased for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties c*	in Lieu thereofy until the Fifteenth Day of January One thoufand

eight hundred and four ; or by an Ad made in the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to provide more effeSually for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland 5 and for allowing Britifh Plant-atlon Sugar to be warehoufed in Ireland, until the Twenty fifth Day qf March One thoufand eight hundred and eight.

Sugar (except VIII. And Whereas it is expedient to reduce the Quantity of Candy) may be refined Sugar required to be packed in each Package for Exportation to obtain the Drawback or Bounty ; be it enaded. That the Drawback

58° GEO. III.

C. 34, 35,38.

71

I

i

i

i

I

back or Bounty due on the Exportation of refined Sugar, from that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, (hall he allowed and paid upon the Exportation of all refined Sugar (except Candy) when packed in Hogtneads, Calks or Cafes, each of which (hall contain Two Hundred Weight Avoirdunoif of fuch Sugar at the leaft ; and alfo upon the Exportation from that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain of all Sugar called Candy, properly refined and manufa&ured, and free from Dirt and Scum, when packed in any Boxes or other Packages, each of which (hall contain Fifty fix Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of fuch Sugar called Candy at the leaft ; any thing in any Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall continue in force until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty.

X.	And be it further enaded. That this Ad or any of the Pro-vifions thereof may be amended, altered or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be made in this prefent Seffion of Parliament*

TABLE to which this Ad refers.

picked in Hog-fheads, Sec. containing aoolb. and Candy Sugar in Packages containing 5 61b.

Continuance of Ad,

which may be altered. Sec. this Seffion.

	Bounty on refined Su/ar called Baftards, or refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pisces, or being ground or powdered Sugar.	Bounty on other refined Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lumps,duly refined, or on fucn Sugar pounded, craOied or broken, and on Sugar Candy.	Additional Bounty on double refined Sugar.
Whatever may" be the Average Price of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar - %	308. the Cwt.  I	46s. the Cwt.  1  1  1	8s. the Cwt.

CAP. XXXV.

An Ad to provide for the maintaining	of the	Royal Canal	See 53 0.3.

from the River Liffiry to the River shannon in	Ireland.	c* f°la 0

Ca3d*<*iSi«.]" *

C A P.- XXXVI.

An Ad to carry into Execution a Treaty made between His Majefty and the King of Spain9 for tne preventing Traffic in Slaves.	[28th	May 1818.]

*	TJ7HER.EAS a Treaty was made between His Majefty and Treaty, dated*

*	VV His Catholic Majefty the King of	Spain9	for preventing	SePt’J}5*I®1^*

*	Traffic in Slaves, and figned at Madrid	on the	Twenty third	r#c,leda

4 Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen:

*	And Whereas by the Firft Article of the laid Treaty, His ‘ Catholic Majefty engaged that the Slave Trade (hall be abohihed 1 throughout the entire Dominions of Spain on the Thirtieth Day of 4 May One thoufand eight hundred ana twenty 1 and that from and

F 4*	4	after

k

72

C.36.

58o GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

*	after that Period it fhall not be lawful for any of the Subje&s of 4 the Crown of Spain to purchafe Slaves, or to carry on the Slave 4 Trade on any Part of the Coaft of Africa, upon any Pretext or in

*	any manner whatever; provided however, that a Term of Five 4 Months from the faid Date of the Thirtieth of May One thou-4 fand eight hundred and twenty fhall be allowed for completing the

*	Voyages of Veflels which (half have been cleared out lawfully pre-

*	vioufly to the faid Thirtieth of May : And Whereas it was by 4 the Second Article of the faid Treaty agreed, that from and after 4 the Exchange of the Ratifications of the faid Treaty, it (hall not be

*	lawful for any of the Subjects of the Crown of Spain to purchafe 4 Slaves, or to carry on the Slave Trade on any Part of the Coaft

*	of Africa to the North of the Eauatar, upon any Pretext or in 4 any manner whatever; provided however, that a Term of Six 4 Months from the Date of the Exchange of the Ratifications of the

*	faid Treatjr fhall be allowed for completing the Voyages of Veflels 4 which fhall have cleared out from Spanijb Ports for the faid Coaft 4 previoufly to the Exchange of the faid Ratifications: And

*	Whereas by the Third Article of the faid Treaty, His Majefty

*	engaged to pay in London, on the Twentieth of February One 4 thousand eight hundred and eighteen, the Sum of Four hundred 4 thoufand Pounds Sterling to fuch Perfon as His Catholic Majefty 4 fhall appoint to receive the fame: And Whereas it was by the 4 Fourth Article of the Treaty agreed, that the faid Sum of Four 4 hundred thoufand Pounds Sterling is to be confidered as a full 4 Compenfation for all Lofles fuftained by the Subje&s of His Ca-4 tholic Majefty, engaged in this Traffic, on account of Veflels cap-4 tured previoufly to the Exchange of the Ratifications of the faid 4 Treaty, as alfo for the Lofles which are a neceflary Confequence of 4 the Abolition of the faid Traffic: And Whereas it was in the Fifth 4 Article of the faid Treaty declared and agreed, that every Traffic 4 in Slaves, which fhould be carried on under the Circumftances in 4 the (aid Article ftated, fhould be confidered as illicit; Firft, either 4 by Briti/b Ships, and under the Britifb Flag, or for the Account 4 of Britifb Subjects, by any Vefiel, or iltoder any Flag whatfoever: 4 Secondly, by Spani/b Ships upon any Part of the Coaft of Africa 4 North of tne Equator, after the Exchange of the Ratifications 4 of the faid Treaty $ provided however, that Six Months fhould 4 be allowed for completing the Voyages of Veflels conformably to 4 the Tenor of the Second Article of the fayl Treaty: Thirdly, 4 either by Spanijb Ships and under the Spani/b Flag, or for the 4 Account of Spanijb Subjedb, by any Veflel, or under any Flag 4 whatfoever, after the Thirtieth of May One thoufand eight hun-4 dred and twenty, when the Traffic in Slaves on the Part of Spain 4 was declared by the faid Treaty to ceafe entirely ; and it was 4 by the faid Article provided, that Five Months fhould be allowed 4 for the Completion of Voyages commenced in due time, conform-4 ably to the Firft Article of the faid Treaty : Fourthly, under the 4 Britifb or Spanijb Flaz, for the Account of the Subjects of any 4 other Government: Fifthly, by Spani/b Veflels bound for any 4 Port not in the Dominions of His Catholic Majefty: And 4 Whereas by the fixth Article of the faid Treaty, His Catholic 4 Majefty engages to adopt, in Conformity to the Spirit of the faid 4 Treaty, the Meafures which are befl calculated to give full and

€ complete

A.D.1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. 36.

7*

4 complete Effe& to the laudable Objeds thereof: And Whereas « it was by the Seventh Article of the faid Treaty ftipulated, that

*	every Spanifb Veflel which dial! be deftined for the Slave Trade, on

*	any Part of the Coaft of Africa, where this Traffic (fill continues 4 to be lawful, mud be provided with a Royal PafTport, conformable 4 to-the Model annexed to the faid Treaty, and which Model forms 4 an integral Part of the fame, written in the Spanifb Language with 4 an authentic Tranflation in Englifb annexed thereto and figiied by 4 His Catholic Majefty, and counterfigned by the Minifter of Marine,

*	and alfo by the Principal Naval Authority of the Diftrid, Station 4 or Port from whence the Veflel clears out, whether in Spain, or 4 in the Colonial Pofleffions of His Catholic Majefty: And Whereas 4 it was by the Eighth Article of the faid Treaty agreed, that it 4 (hould be underftood that this PafTport, for rendering lawful the 4 Voyages of Slave Ships, fbould be required only for the Continuation 4 of the Traffic to the South of the Line, and that thofe PafTport* 4 which were then iflued, figned by the Firft Secretary of State of 4 His Catholic Majefty, and in Form prefcribed by an Order of the 4 Sixteenth of December One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen,

<	fhould remain in full Force for all VcfTek which may have cleared 4 out for the Coaft of Africa, as well to the North as to the South 4 of the Line, previoufly to the Exchange of the Ratifications of 4 the faid Treaty: And Whereas it was alfo agreed and declared 4 by the Ninth Article of the faid Treaty, that the Ships of War 4 of Hi* Majefty and of His Catholic Majefty, which fhould be pro-

*	vided with fpecial Inftru&iohs for that Purpofe, as mentioned in 4 the faid Treaty, may vifit fuch Merchant Veffelsof the two Nations ‘ as may be fufpe&ed, upon reasonable Grounds, for having Slaves 4 on Board, acquired by an illicit Trade; and in the Event only of

*	their finding Slaves on board, may detain and bring away fuch 4 Veffels, in order that they may be brought to Trial before the 4 Tribunals to be eftablifhed for tnat Purpofe, as fpecified in the (aid 4 Treaty $ and it was by the faid Article provided, that the Com-4 manders of Ships of War of the Royal Navies of His Majefty and 4 His Catholic Majefty, who fhall be employed in this Service, fhall 4 adhere ftri&ly to the exad Tenor of the Inftru&ions which they 4 fhall receive for this Purpofe ; and His Majefty and His Catholic

*	Majefty engaged mutually to make good any Loffes which the 4 Subjects of His Majefty and of His Catholic Majefty might refped-‘ ively incur unjuftly, by the arbitrary and illegal Detention of their ‘ Veflels, it being underftood that this Indemnity fhall invariably be 4 borne by the Government whofe Cruizer fhall nave been guilty of

*	the arbitrary'Detention; provided always, that the Vifit and De-4 tention of Slave Ships fpecified in the faid Article fhall only be 4 effe&ed by thofe Britijb or Spanifb Veflels which may form Part of ‘ the two Royal Navies, and by thofe only of fuch Veflels which 4 are provided with the fpecial Iitftru&ions annexed to the faid 4 Treaty : And Whereas it was alfo agreed by the Tenth Article of 4 the faid Treaty, that no Britijb or Spanifb Cruizer fhall detain any 4 Slave Ship not having Slaves a&ually on board, and that in order 4 to render lawful the Detention of the Ship, whether Britijb or

<	Spanifb, the Slaves found on board fuch Veflel muft have been 4 brought on board the VefTel for the exprefe Purpofe of the Traffic, 4 and thofe on board of Spanifb Ships muft have been taken from that

* Part

Ik

74

C.SG.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

<	Part of the Coaft of Africa where the Slave Trade ia prohibited,

*	conformably to the Tenor of the faid Treaty: and it was alfo agreed 4 by the Eleventh Article of the faid Treaty, that all Ships of War 4 of the two Nations which (hall hereafter be deftined to prevent 4 the illicit Traffic in Slaves, (hall be furniftied with a Copy of the ‘ Inftruftions annexed to the faid Treaty, and confidered as an integral 4 Part thereof, with a Provifo nevertnelefs in the faid Treaty, that 4 His Majefty and His Catholic Majefty, with mutual Confent, may 4 alter the Inftru&ions in whole or in part, according to Circum-4 fiances. And Whereas it was alfo by the Twelfth Article of the 4 faid Treaty provided, in order to bring to Adjudication, with the 4 leaft Delay and Inconvenience, the Veflels which may be detained 4 for having been engaged in an illicit Traffic of Slaves, that there 4 fhall be eftablifhed, within a Space of a Year at furthefi from the

*	Exchange of the Ratifications of the faid Treaty, Two mixed 4 Commimons, formed of an equal Number of Perfons of the two 4 Nations, named for that Purpofe by the refpedive Sovereigns; and ‘ that thefe Commiffions fhall refide, one in a Poflcffion belonging 4 to His Majefty, the other within the Territories of His Catholic ‘ Majefty; one of which Commiffions is ftipulated by the faid Treaty 4 to be always held upon the Coaft of Africa, and the other in one of 4 the Colonial Pofleffions of His Catholic Majefty; and it was by the

<	faid Treaty provided, that the faid Commimons fhall judge the 4 Caufes fubmitted to them without Appeal, and according to the 4 Regulations and Inftru&ions annexed to the faid Treaty, which 4 faid Inftra&ions were by the ‘faid Treaty made, an integral Part 4 thereof: And Whereas the Inftru&ions nereinbefore referred to, 4 and annexed to the faid Treaty as Part thereof, relating to the

*	Britifb and Sfani/b Ships of War employed to prevent illicit Traffic 4 in Slaves, did in feveral Articles provide, Firft, That every Briii/h

or Spawjb Ship of War fhall, *in conformity with Article Nine of

*	*	ive	a	Right	to vifit the Merchant Ships of either of

ons sftually engaged or fufpe&ed to be engaged in the Slave Trade; and if any Slaves fhall be found on board, according to the Tenor of the Tenth Article of the Treaty; and as to what regards the Sfani/h Veflels, if there fhall be Ground to fufped that the- faid Slaves have been embarked on a Part of the Coaft of Africa where the Traffic is no longer permitted, conformably to the (aid Treaty; and in fuch Cafes alone, the Commander of the laid Ship of War may detain fuch Merchant Ship or Veffel, and fhall, as foon as poffible, bring the fame for Judgment before fuch of the Two mixed Commiffions appointed by the Twelfth Article of the faid Treaty, which fhall be the neareft or which the Commander of the capturing Ship fhall, upon his own Refponfibility, think he can fooneft reach from the Spot where the Slave Ship fhall have been detained: and it was provided, that Ships on board of which no .Slaves (hall be found, intended for the Pur-pofes of Traffic, fhall not. be 'detained on any Account or Pretence whatfoever; and that Negro Servants or Sailors found on board any fuch Veflels, fhall not in any cafe be deemed a fuffident Caufe for Detention : and it was alfo provided by the Second Article of the faid iaft mentioned Iaftru&ions, that no Spamfb Merchantman or Slave Ship fhall, on any Pretence whatever, be detained, which fhall be found any wheoe ncar the Land, or on the High Seas South

4 of

A.D.13I8'

58* GEO. III.

C. 36,

of the Equator^ during the Period for which the Traffic is to remain lawful, according to the faid Treaty, unlefs after a Chace that (hall hare commenced North of the Equator: and it was alfo >rovided by the Third Article of the faid lad mentioned Inftrue-ions, that Spani/h Veffels, furniihed with a regular Paffport, having >lavee on board, (hipped at thofe Parts of the Coad of Afrira where the Trade is permitted to Spani/b Subjects, and which (hall afterwards be found North of the Equator, (hall not be detained >y any Britj/h or Spani/b Ship of War, if fuch Spani/b Veffels can account for their Courfe, either in Conformity with the Pra&ice of the Spani/b Navigation, by fleering fome Degrees to the Northward in fearch of fair Winds, or for other legitimate Caufes, fuch as the Dangers of the Sea, duly proved; provided always, that with regard to all Slave Ships detained to the North of the Squalor, after the Expiration of the Term allowed, the Proof of the Legality of the Voyage is required to be furniihed by the Veffel fo detained f on the other Hand, with refpeft to Slave Ships detained to the South of the Equator, in Conformity with the Stipulations of the preceding Article, the Proof of the Illegality of the Voyage is required to be exhibited by the Captor: and it was in like manner dipulated, that the Number of Slaves found on board a Slave Ship by the Cruizers, even if the Number (hould not agree with that contained in the Paffport, (hall not be fufficient Reafon to juftify the Detention of fuch Ship, but that the Captain and the Proprietor (hall in fuch cafe be denounced in the Spani/b Tribunals, in order to their	uni(hed	according	to	uie Laws of the

Country : and it i > provided by the Fourth Article of the faid laft mentioned Inftra&ions, that every Spani/b Veffel intended to be employed in the legal Traffic of Slaves, in conformity with the Principles laid down in the faid Treaty, (hall be commanded bv a native Spaniard, and Two thirds at lead of the Crew (hall likewiie be Spaniard* i and it was provided that the Spanyb or foreign Con-dru&ion of the Ship or Veflel (hall in no wife affe& the national Chara&er of the Ship or Veffel, and that the Negro Sailors (hall always be reckoned as Spaniards, provided they belong as Slaves to Subje&sof the Crown of Spain, or that they have been enfrfur-chifed in the Dominions of His Catholic Majedy : and it was alfo provided by the Fifth Article of the faid lad mentioned Indru&ioas, that whenever a Ship of War (hall meet a Merchantman liable to be fearched, it (ball be done in the mod mild manner, and with every attention which is due between allied and friendly Nations; and in no Cafe (hall the Search'be made by an Officer holding a Rank inferior to that of Lieutenant in the Navy of Great Britain or of Enfign of a Ship of the Line in the Spani/b Navy ; and it was alfo provided by the Sixth Article of the (aid lad mentioned Iudnt&ions, that	Ships of War which may detain any Slave Ship, in purfuance

of the Principles laid down in the faid Inftru&ions, (hall leave on board all the Cargo of Negroes untouched, as well as the Captain, and a Part at lead of the Crew of the Slave Ship.$ and that the Captain commanding the Ship of War detaining any fuch Slave Ship (hall draw up in Writing fen authentic Declaration, which (hall exhibit the State in which he found the detained Ship, and the Changes which may have taken place in fuch Ship, and (hall alfo deliver to the Captain of the Slave Ship a figned Certificate of the

4 Papers

76

C.3 &

58° GEO. Iir.

A.D.181&

4 Papers feized on board the Veffel, as well as of the Number of 4 Slaves found on board at the Moment of Detention $ and it Is alfo 4 provided, that the Negroes on board of any fuch Ship (hall not be

*	difembarked until after the Veffel detained (hall arrive at the Place 4 where the Legality of the Capture is to be tried by One of the Two

•	mixed Commiffions, in order that in the Event of the Veffel not 4 being adjudged a legal Prize, the Lofs of the Proprietors may be 4 more eafily repaired; with Provifo, however, that if urgent Motives, 4 deduced from the Length of the Voyage, the State of Health of 4 the Negroes, or other Caufes, require that they (hall be difembarked 4 entirely or in part, before the Veffel can arrive at the Place of 4 Refidcnce of One of the faid Commiffions, the Commander of the 4 capturing Ship may take on himfelf the Refponfibility of fuch Dif-4 embarkation, provided that the Neceffity thereof (hall be dated in a 4 Certificate in proper Form: and it was alfo provided by the Seventh 4 Article of the faid Inftru&ions, that no Conveyance of Slaves from 4 one Part in the Spantfly Poffeffions to another, (hall take place, 4 except in Ships provided with Paffports from the Spanj/b Govern-4 meat on the Spot for that Purpofe : And Whereas tne Regulations 4 for the mixed Commiffions which are to refide on the Coaft of 4 Africa, and in a Colonial Poffeffion of His Catholic Majefty, and' 4 which were annexed to the faid Treaty as Part thereof, have in 4 feveral Articles provided, Firft, That the mixed Commiffions to be 4 eftabliftied by the faid Treaty upon the* Coaft of Africa, and in a 4 Colonial Poffeffion of His Catholic Majefty, (hall decide upon the 4 Legality of the Detention of fuch Slave Veffels as the Ships of War 4 of both Nations (hall detain, in purfuance of the faid Treaty, for 4 carrying on an illicit Commerce m Slaves, and (hall judge without 4 Appeal, according to the Letter and Spirit of the. faid Treaty;

4 and that the faid Commiffions (hall give Sentence as fummarily as 4 poffible, and decide (as far as they (hall find it pra&icable) within 4 the Space of Twenty Days, to be dated from the Day upon which 4 every detained Veffel (hall have been brought into the Port where 4 they (hall refide, firft, upon the Legality of the Capture, and fe-4 condly, in the Cafe in which the captured Veffel (hall have been 4 liberated, as to the Indemnification to be paid for the Capture and 4 Detention ; and it is by the faid Regulations provided, that no 4 final Sentence (hall be delayed on account of the Abfence of Wit-4 neffes, or for want of the Proofs, beyond the Period of Two 4 Months, except upon Application of any of the Parties interefted,

4 when, upon their giving fatrefa&ory Security to charge themfelves 4 with the Expence and Ri(ks of the Delay,• the Commiffioners may,

4 at their Diforetion, grant an additional Delay, not exceeding Four 4 Months: and it was alfo by the Second Article of the faid Regu-4 lations provided, that the faid mixed Commiffions, which are to 4 refide on the Coaft of Africa, and in the Colonial PoffeffioMof His 4 Catholic Majefty, (hall be compofed in the following manner; that 4 is to fay, that His Majefty and His Catholic Majefty (hall each of 4 them name a Commiffary Judge and a Commiffioner of Arbitration, 4 who (hall be authorized to near and decide, without Appeal, air 4 Cafes of Capture of Slave Veffels which, in purfuance of the Sti-4 pulation of the faid Treaty, may be laid before them; and it was alfo 4 provided, that all the efiential Parts of the Proceedings carried on 4 before the laid mixed Commiffions, (hall be written down in the legal

4 Language

A. D. 1818*

58* GEO, HI

C. 86.

77

Language of the Country in which the Commiflion may reticle f and it was alfo thereby provided, that the Commiffary Judges and the Commiflioners of Arbitration (hall make Oath in Prefence of the principal Magi ft rate of the Place in which the Commiflion may refide, to judge fairly and faithfully, to have no Preference either for the Claimants or the Captors, and to ad in all their Decitions in purfuance of the Stipulations of the Treaty; and it was alfo thereby provided, that there (hall be attached to each Commiflion a Secretary or Regiftrar appointed by the Sovereign of the Country in which the Commiflion may refide, who (hall regifter all its Ads, and who, previous to his taking charge of his Office, (hall make Oath in Prefence of at leaft One of the Commiffary Judges, to con-dud himfelf with refped for their Authority, and to ad with Fidelity in all the Affairs which may belong to nis Charge: and it was -alfo provided in the Third Article of the faid Regulations, that the Form of the Procefs (hall be as follows ; that is to fay, the Com-miffary Judges of the Two Nations (hall, in the firft Place, proceed, to the Examination of the Papers of the Veffels, and receive the Depofitions on Oath of the Captain, and of Two or Three at leaft of the Principal Individuals on board of the detained Veffel, as well as the Declaration on Oath of the Captor, fhould it appear neceffary in order to be able to judge and to pronounce if the faid Veffel has been juftly detained or not according to the Stipulations of the Treaty, in order that, according to their Judgment, the Veffel may be condemned or liberated, and in the Event of the Two Commiffary Judges not agreeing upon the Sentence, whether as to the Legality of the Detention, or the Indemnification to be allowed, or upon any other Queftion which might refult from the Stipulations of the Treaty, they (hall draw by Lot the Name of One.of the Two Commiflioners of Arbitration, who, after having con-tidered the Documents of the Procefs, (hall confult with the Commiffary Judges upon the Cafe in Queftion, and the final Sentence (hall be pronounced conformably to the Opinion of the Majority of the Commiffary Judges ana of the-Commiflioner of /Arbitration fo chofen; and it wa9 alfo provided by the Fourth Article of the faid Regulations, that as often as the Cargo of Slaves found on board of a Spani/h Slave Ship (hall have embarked from any Point whatever of the Coaft of Africa where the Slave Trade continues to be lawful, fuch Slave Ship (hall not be detained on Pretext that the above mentioned Slaves have been brought originally by Land from any other Part whatever of the Continent; and it was alfo provided by the Fifth Article of the faid Regulations, that in the authenticated Declaration which the Captor (hall make before the Commiflion as well as in the Certificate of the Papers feized, which (hall be delivered to the Captain of the captured Veffel at the time of the Detention, the Captor (hall ftate and declare his Name, and the Name of his Veffel, as well as the Latitude and Longitude of the Place where the Detention (hall have taken place, and the Number of the Slaves found living on board the Slave Ship at the time of the Detention; and it was alio provided, by the Sixth Article of the (aid Regulations, that as foon as any Sentence (hall have been paffed, the detained Veffel, if liberated, and what may remain of the Cargo, (hall be reftored to the Proprietors, who (hall, before the fame Commiflion, claim a Valuation

‘ of

78

C. 36.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

*	of the Damages which they may have a Right to demand ; and 4 that the Captor himfelf, and in his default, the Government to

*	which the Captor fhall belong, (hall remain refponfible for fach

*	Damages, which the faid Governments refpedtively bind themfelves 4 to defray, within the Term of a Year from the Date of* the 4 Sentence, it being underftood that all fuch Indemnifications (hall 4 be at the Expence of the Government of which the Captor (hall be 4 a Subject; and it was alfo by the Seventh Article of the faid Regu-

*	lations provided, that in cafe the Condemnation of any Vefiel for an 4 unlawful Voyage, the Vefiel (hall be declared lawful Prize, as 4 well as her Cargo, of whatever Dcfcription it may be, with the 4 Exception of the 'Slaves who may be on board, as Objeds of 4 Commerce; and the faid Vefiel, as well as her Cargo, (hall be fold 4 by public Sale, for the Profit of the Two Governments; and as to 4 the Slaves, they (hall receive from the mixed Cominifiion a Certi-4 ficate of Emancipation, and (hall be delivered over to the Govern* 4 ment on whofe Territory the Coromifiion which (hall have fo judged 4 them (hall be eftablifhed, to be employed as Servants or free La-4 bourers ; and it was alfo further provided by the Eighth Article of 4 the faid Regulations, that every Claim for Compenfation of Lodes, 4 occafioned by any Ships being infpe£ted and detained, as carrying 4 on an illicit Trade in Slaves, but not afterwards condemned as 4 lawful Prize by the mixed Commiffions, (hall be alfo heard and

*	judged by the faid Commiflions, in the Form provided by the 4 Third Article of the faid Regulation; and in all Cafes wherein 4 Reftitution (hall be fo decreed, the Commiffion (hall award to the 4 Claimant or Claimants, or his or their lawful Attorney or Attornies, 4 for his or their Ufe, a juft and complete Indemnification for all 4 Cods of Suit, and for all Lodes and Damages, which the Claimant 4 or Claimants may have a&ually fuftained by fuch Capture and De* 4 tendon ; that is to fay, in cafe of Total Lofs, the Claimant or 4 Claimants (hall be indemnified, firft, for the Ship, her Tackle, Ap* 4 parel and Stores; fecondly, (brail Freight due and payable; thirdly, 4 for the Value of the Cargo of Merchandize, if any; fourthly, for 4 the Slaves on board at the time of Detention, according to the 4 computed Value of fuch Slaves at the Place of Dedication, de-4 du&ing therefrom the ufual fair average Mortality, for the unexpired 4 Period of the regular Voyage, deducing alfo for all Charges and 4 Expences payable upon the Sale of fuch Cargoes, including Com* 4 million of Sale; and fifthly, for all other regular Charges m fuch 4 Cafes of Total Lofs; and in all other Cafes not of Total Lob, the 4 Claimant or Claimants (hall be indemnified, firft, for all fpedal Da-4 mages and Expences occafioned to the Ship by the Detention, and 4 for the Lofs of Freight, when due or payable; fecondly, a De-4 murrage, when due, according to the Schedule annexed to the faid 4 Eighth Article; thirdly, a daily Allowance for Subfiftenoe of 4 Slaves, of One Shilling or Four Reals and Half de Vor, for each 4 Perfon, without diftinSion of Age or Sex, for fo many Days aa it 4 (hall appear to the Commiffion that the Voyage has been or may 4 be delayed by reafon of fuch Detention ; as likewife, fourthly, for 4 any Deterioration of Cargo or Slaves; fifthly, for any Diminution 4 in the Value of the Cargo of Slaves, proceeding from an uereafed 4 Mortality beyond the average Amount of the Voyage, or from 4 Sickncb occafioned by Detention, this Value to be afcertained

A. D. 1818.

58* GEO. III.

C. 36.

79

I

by their commuted Price at the Place of Deftmation, at in the above Cafe of Total Lofs ; fixthlv, an Allowance of Five per Centum on the Amouut of the Capital employed in the Purchafe and Maintenance of Cargo, for the Period of Delay occafioned by the Detention ; and, feventhly, for all Premium or Infurance on additional Rifks ; and the Claimant or Claimants (hall likewife be entitled to Intereft, at the Rate of Five per Centum per Annum* on the Sam awarded, until paid by the Government to which the capturing Ship belongs; the whole Amount of fuch Indemnifications being calculated in the Money of the Country to which the captured Ship belongs, and to be liquidated at the Exchange current at the time of Award, excepting the Sum for the Subfiftence of Slaves, which (hall be paid at par, as above ftipulated; and to avoid as much as poffible every Species of Fraud in the Execution of the (aid Treaty, it was agreed, that if it (honld be proved to the Convi&ion of the Com* miliary Judges of the Two Nations, and without having recourfe to the Decifion of a Commiffioner of Arbitration, that the Captor hat been led into Error by a voluntary and a reprehenfible Fault on the Part of the Captain of the detained Ship, in that cafe only the detained Ship (hall not have the Right of receiving during the Days of her Detention, the Demurrage, ftipulated by the (aid Eighth Article; and to the faid Eighth Article a Schedule of Demurrage or daily Allowance was annexed, as follows ; that is to fay, for a Veflel of

fioo Tons to 120 indufive •

121 ditto 151 ditto 171 ditto 201 ditto 221 ditto 251 ditto 270 ditto

150

170

200

220

4150

270

300

51

8

10

11

12 *♦

15 J

► per Diem,

ditto -ditto -ditto -# ditto -ditto -ditto -ditto -

and fo in proportion; and it was alfo by the faid Ninth Article of the faid Regulations provided, that when the Proprietor of a Ship fufpefted of carrying on an illicit Trade in Slaves, releafed in comequence of a Sentence of one of the mixed Commiffions (or in the Cafe as above mentioned of Total Lofs) (hall claim Indemnification for the Lofs of Slaves which he may have fullered, he (hall in no cafe be entitled to claim for more than the Number of Slaves which his Veflel, by the Spani/b Laws, was authored to carry, which Number (hall always be ftated in his Paflport; and it was alfo provided in the Tenth Article of (he faid Regulations, that neither the Judges nor the Arbitrators, nor the Secretary of the mixed Commiffiaus, (hall be permitted to demand or receive, from any of the Parties concerned in the Sentences which they (hall pronounce, any Emolument, under any Pretext whatfoever, for the Performance of the Duties which are impofed upon them by the faid Regulations; and it was alfo provided by the Eleventh Article of the fid Regulations, that if any Parties interefted (hall imagine they have Caufe to complain of any evident Injnftice on the Past of the mixed Commiffions, they may reprefent it to their refjpedive Governments, who referve to themfelveB the Right of mutual Cor-rdpondence, for the Purpofe of removing, when they rinnk fit, the Individuals who may compofe thefe Commiffions; and it was alio

* provided

80

C. 38.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

4 provided by the Twelfth Article of the faid Regulations, that in 4 cafe of a VefTei being improperly detained under Pretence of the 4 Stipulations of the Treaty, and the Captor not being able to juftify 4 himfelf, either by the Tenor of the faid Treaty, or of the Inflruo 4 tions annexed to it, the Government to which the detained Veffel 4 may belong (hall be entitled to demand Reparation, and in fuch cafe 4 the Government to which the Captor may belong binds itfelf to 4 caufe Inquiry to b$ made into the Subjed of the Complaint, and 4 to inflid upon the Captor, if he be found to have deferved it, a 4 Punifhment proportioned to the Tranfgreffion which may have been 4 committed; and it was alfo hy the Thirteenth Article of the faid 4 Regulations agreed, that in the Event of the Death of One or more 4 of the Commiflary Judges, or the Commiffioners of Arbitration, 4 rompofing the above mentioned mixed Commifiions, their Pofts (Hall 4 be fupplied ad interim in the following manner; that is, on the Part 4 of the Britijb Gvotrnment, the Vacancies (hall be filled fucceflively 4 in the Coramiffion, which (hall fit within the Pofieflions of His 4 Majefty, by the Governor or JLieutenant Governor refident in that 4 Colony, by the principal Magiftrate of the fame, and by the Secre-4 tary; and in that which (hall fit within the Pofieflions of His 4 Catholic Majefty, it .was agreed, that in cafe of the Death of the 4 Britijb Judge or Arbitrator there, the remaining Individuals of the 4 faid Commiffion (hall proceed equally to the Judgment of fuch Slave 4 Ships as. may be brought before them, and to the Execution of their 4 Sentence; and in fuch Cafe alone the Parties interefted (hall have the 4 Right of appealing from the Sentence if they think fit, to the Com-4 million refident upon the Coaft of Africa; and the Government to 4 which the Captor (hall belong (hall be bound fully to make good 4 the Compenfation which (hall be due to them in cafe the Appeal be 4 decided in favour of the Claimants, but the Vefiel and Cargo (hall 4 remain during fuch Appeal in the* Place of Refidence of the firft 4 Commiffion before which they (hall have been carried ; and it was 4 thereby agreed, that on the Part of Spain the Vacancies (hall be 4 fupplied in the Pofieffion of His Catholic Majefty by fuch Persons 4 of Truft at the Principal Authority of the Country (hall appoint; 4 and upon the Coaft of Africa, in cafe of the Death of any Spanifb * Judge or Arbitrator, t^e Commiffion (hall proceed to Judgment in 4 the lame manner as above fpecified, for the Commiffion refident in 4 the Pofieffion of His Catholic Majefty, in the Event of the Brit'fb 4 Judge or Arbitrator ; An appeal 'being in this Cafe likewife 4 allowed to the Commiffion refident in the Pofieffiou of His Catholic 4 Majefty, and in general all the Provifions of the former Cafe being 4 to be applied ; and it was further agreed by the faid Article, that 4 all Vacancies which may arife in the above mentioned Commiffions, 4 from Death or any other Caufe, (hould be fupplied as foon as 4 pofiible ; and in cafe that the Vacancy, of any of tne Spanifb Com-4 miffioners in the Briti/b Pofieflions, or of the Britifb Commiflioners 4 in the Spanifb Poflefiion, be not fupplied at the End of the Term of 4 Seven Months for America, and of Twelve for Africa, the Veflels 4 which (hall be brought to the faid PofTeflions refpe&ively (hall 4 ceafe to have the Rignt of Appeal above ftipulated: And Whereas 4 it is expedient and neceffary that effectual Provifion fiiould be made 4 for carryipg into Execution the Provifions of the faid Treaty ;* Be it therefore cna&ed by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and

13	t	with

81

with the Advice and Confent of the .Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That it fhall be lawful for any Officers commanding any Ship of War of His Majefty, duly authorized in that behalf, and provided with Inftrudions according to the Provifions of the faid Convention, to vifit and fearch all Ships and Veflels which fhall be fufpe&ed, upon reafonable Grounds, of having Slaves on board, acquired by an illicit Traffic, and to detain and bring to Adjudication all Snips, Veflels and Cargoes therein made fubjed to Detention and Condemnation, according to the Provifions of the faid Treaty, and the Regulations and Inftrudions aforefaid.

II.	And be h further enaded, That all Ships and Veflels belonging wholly or in part to His Majeftv’s Subjects, which (hall be fufpeded upon reafonable Grounds of having Slaves on board, acquired bf an illicit Traffic, fhall be and are hereby declared and made, according to the Ninth Article of the faid Treaty, fubjed to the Vifitation and Search of Britijb or Sfantfb Veflels of War, duly authorized for that Purpofe, according to the Provifions of the faia Treaty; and that all Ships and Veflels belonging wholly or in part to His Majefty 9s Subjc£b, which fhall be found having Slaves on board, acquired by an illicit Traffic, contrary td the Provifions of the Ninth and Tenth Articles of the faid Treaty, fo recited as aforefaid, and all Boats, Apparel, Furniture and Slaves belonging to fuch Ships or Veflels, and all Cargoes therein, (hall be and are hereby declared to be and made fubjed to the Search and Detention of Briti/b or Spantfb Veflels of War duly authorized for that Purpofe, according to the Stipulations of the faid Treaty, and to Forfeiture according to the Provifions of the faid Treaty, and of the Regulations and Inftruc-tionB thereunto annexed, and fhall alfo be and are hereby made fubjed to the Adjudication of and to Condemnation or other Judgment by the CommifTary Judges and Commiffioners to be appointed according to the Provifions of -the faid Treaty, and to the Inftrudions ana Regulations annexed thereto, recited as aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for His Majefty, by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, counter-figned by One of* His Majefty 9s Principal Secretaries of State fot* the time being, to appoint fuch Commiflary Judges and Cpmmiffion-ers of Arbitration as are in and by the faid Treaty, and Regulation thereto annexed, mentioned to be appointed by His Majefty, and from time t6 time to fnpply any Vacancies which may arife in fucb Offices, by appointing other Perfons thereto, and to grant Salaries to fnch Commiflary Judges and Commiffioners of Arbitration as afore-laid, not exceeding fuch Annual Sums as the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty9* Treafury of Great Britain and Ireland fhall from time to time dired; and Inch Commiflary Judges and Commiffioners are hereby authorized and empowered to examine and decide all fucH Cafes of Detention, Captures and Seizures of Veflels and their Cargoes as aforefaid, detained, fetxed, taken or captured under the (aid Treaty or Inftrudions and Regulations, as are by the faid Treaty, Inftrudions and Regulations, and by this Ad, made fubjed to their Jurifdidion, and to proceed therein, and give fuch Judgments, and make fuch Orders therein, and do all other Ads, matters and things appertaining thereto, agreeably to the provifions of the faid Treaty, and the Inftrudions and Regulations annexed thereto, as fully and*

58 Gxo. III.	G	effedually

Ships of War duly authorized may fearch fuf-pe&ed Veflels, and detain and bring them to Adjudication. Snf' ected Britilh VtflTeU, and all Boats, *<C. fub-j-4t to fearch by pamfh or Britifh Veflels, and to Forfeiture and to Condemnation by the Commif-fioners under the Treaty.

His Majefty may appoint and grant Salaries to Commiflary Judges anti Co n-miffioners of Arbitration.

Power of fuch Judges and Commiffioners.

82

And alfo Secretary and Regif-trar, with Sab-riea; who are empowered to execute the Duties pf their Offices according to the Treaty.

Governors, Ac. of Colonies may fill up Vacaocies io the Commiffion fitting in Colonies, ad interim.

Commiflary Judges and CoramifTioners of Arbitration to take the follow, ing Oath.

Secretary or Re* giftrar to take the following Oath.

C. 36.	58° GEO. III.	A.D.	1818.

effeftually to all Intents and Purpofee as if fpecial Powers and Authorities for that Purpofe were lpecifically and particularly ioferted and given in relation thereto in this Aft.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for His Majefty, by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, counterfigned by One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State for the time being, to nominate and appoint a Secretary or Regiftrar to the Commiffion which (hall be eftahli(hed in His Majefty’s Dominions, and from time to time to fupply, by other Appointments, any Vacancy which may thereafter occur iu fuch Office, and to grant Salaries to fuch Secretary or Regiftrar, not exceeding fnch Annual Sum as the faid Lords Commiffioners (hall from time to time direft; and fuch Secretary or Regiftrar is hereby refpeftively authorized and empowered to do, perform and execute all the Doties of fuch Office, and fet forth and deferibe in the faid Treaty, Inftruftions and Regulations refpeftively, and to dp, perform and execute all fuch Acts, matters and things as may be neceflary for the due Difcharge of the Duties of bis Office, according to the Provifions of the faid Treaty and Inftruftions and Regulations.

V.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Governor, or Lieutenant Governor, or principal Magiftrate of the Colony or Settlement in which the Commiffion (hall fit, within the PofTeffions of His Britannic Majefty, to fill up every Vacancy which (hall arife in fuch Commiffion, either of Commiflary Judge, Commiffioner or any Officer thereof, appointed by His Majefty as afore faid, according to the Provifions contained in the Thirteenth Article of tbe before recited Regulations annexed to the faid Treaty, ad interim^ until fuch Vacancy or Vacancies (hall be thereafter filled by fome Pcrfoq or Perfons appointed by His Majefty for that Purpofe.

VI.	And be it further enafted. That every Commiflary Judge and Commiffioner of Arbitration appointed by His Majefty (hall, before he (ball enter upon the Execution of any of tbe Dutice of frtch his Office, take an Oath, in the Prefence of the principal Magiftrate then refiding and afting in the Colony, Settlement or Place^ whether belonging to His Britannic or His Moft Catholic Majefty, in which the Commiffion (hall be appointed to refide j which Oath every fuch Magiftrate in any Colony, Settlement or Place belonging to His Majefty, in which fuch Court or Commiffion (hall be appointed to refide, is hereby authorized to adminifter in the Form following j that is to fay,

*	T A. B. do folemnly fwear, That I will, according to the heft of 4 my Skill and Knowledge, aft in the Execution of my Office as

•	faithfully, impartially, fairly, and without Preference 4 or Favour, either for Claimants or Captors, or any other Perfons; 4 and that I will, to the beft of my Judgment and Power, aft in pur* 4 fuance .of and according to the Stipulations, Regulations and In-4 ftruftions contained in the Treaty between His Majefty and His 4 Catholic Majefty figned at Madrid on the Twenty third Day of 4 September One thouland eight hundred and feventeen.

•	4	So	help me GOD.4

And every Secretary or Regiftrar appointed by His Majefty under the Provifions of the Treaty and Regulations and Inftruftions, and of this Aft, (hall, before he enters on the Duties of his ibid Office,

take

A.D. 1818.

58* GEO. III.

a 36.

83

take an Oath before the Brbtjb Commiffary Judge as aforefaid, who is hereby empowered to adminifter the fame, in the Form following; that ia to fay,

1 T A. B. do folemnly fwear, That 1 will, according to the beft of

*	my Skill and Knowledge, ad in the Execution of my Office;

*	and that I will condud rayfelf with Refped to the Authority of

*	the Commiffary Judges and Commiffioners of Arbitration of the

*	Commiffion to which I am attached; and will ad with Fidelity ia 4 all the Affairs which may belong to my Charge, and without Pre-

*	ference or Favour, either for Claimants, or Captors, or any other

€ Perfons.	So help me GOD.’

VII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Cammifltry' Commiffary Judges or either of them, or for any fuch Secretary or JudKei *nds®-Regiftrar, and they are hereby refpedively empowered, to adminifter c^7™ Oaths to and take the Depoff tions of all Parties, Witneffes and other miniftcr Oaths. Perfons who may come or be brotaght before them to be examined, or for the Purpofe of depofing, in the Courfe of any Proceeding before the laid Commiffary Judges, or before the faid Commiffary Judges and the Commiffioner of Arbitration, in the Cafes in which fuch Commiffioners of Arbitration (hall ad with the faid Commiffary Judges under the faid Treaty, Inilrudions or Regulations, or this Ad; and it fhallalfo be lawful for the faid Commiffary Judges aod Commiffary Commiffioners of Arbitration, in the Cafes aforefaid, to fummon Judges and before them all Perfons whom they may deem it necefiary or proper f^mmiihonw* to examine in relation to any Suit, Proceeding or matter or thing ° * fummon1 under their Cognizance; and to fend for and iSue Precepts for the perfons and call producing of all fuch Papers *as may relate to the Matters m queftion for Papers, &c. before them, and to enforce all fuch Summonfes, Orders and Precepts by fuch and the like Means, Powers and Authorities as any Court ot Vice Admiralty may do.

VIII* And l>e it further enaded. That every Perfon who (hall wil- Perfons riving folly and corruptly give falfe Evidence in any Examination or Depo- falfe Evidence fition had, or Affidavit taken, upon or in any Proceeding before the P"11? of Pcr" laid Commiffary Judges or Commiffioners aforefaid, under the faid jury<

Treaty, Inilrudions or Regulations, of this Ad, (hall be deemed guilty of Penury, and being thereof convided, (hall be fubjed and Sable to all the Punifliments, Pains and Penalties to which Perfons convided of wilful and corrupt Peijury are liable; and every fucb Whert tried. Perfon may be tried for any luch Perjury either in the Place where the Offence waa committed, or in any Colony or Settlement of .His near thereto, in which there is a Court of competent Jurif-didion to try any fuch Offence, or in his Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench in England; and that in cafe of any Profecution for fuch Offence in His Majefty’s faid Court of King’s Bench, the Venue may Venue, be laid in the County of Middleftx.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That the Pendency of any Suit Suit pending, or or Proceeding, inftituted before the laid Commiffioners, for the Con- Judgment by damnation or Reftitution of any Ship or Cargo, or Slaves, taken, fcized or detained by virtue of the laid Treaty, or Inftrudions or	„	given

Regulations thereto annexed, or the final Adjudication, Condem- in Evidence to nation or Judgment or Determination thereupon, may be pleaded in any A£Ho»

Bar, or gran in Evidence under’the General Iffue, and Audi be and b1r.ous^t foriD/ be deemed and adjudged, in any Court whatever, to be a good and	er

G 2	complete

84

C.36.

58# GEO. III.

A.D.181S.

Article in Treaty aa to the 400,cooL may be pleaded in bar of any Action for Reftitu-tion, &c.

1’rovifo for Jurtfdi&ion of Prise Count and Count of Appeal.

Provifo in cafe of Captors not ettaMUhing their Rights.

Provifo for Pe-mlties or Provisions in toy Ail

complete Bar, in any Adion, Suit or Proceeding, whether brought or militated by any Perfon or Perfons for the Recovery of any fuch Ship, Veflel or Cargo, or of any Damage, or for any Injury fuf-tained thereby, or by the Perfons on board the fame, in coDfeqnence of any Capture, Seizure or Detention, or Ad, matter or thing done under the Authority or in purfuance of the Provifions of the faid Treaty, or of the Inftrudions or Regulations thereto annexed; any thing in any A d or Ads of Parliament or Law or Laws to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.	And be it further enaded, That the Sum of Four hundred thoufand Pounds, ftipulated to be paid by the faid Treaty, and paid and accepted accordingly, as a full Coropenfation for all LolTea fuGained by the Subjeds of His Catholic Majefty, on account of Veflels captured previoufly to the Exchange of the RatiGcation of the faid Treaty, and for the Lofifes which are a neceflary Conference of the Abolition of the faid Traffic in Slaves, (hall be con-Gdered and taken to be a full Compenfation for all fuch Lofies as aforefaid ; and that the faid Stipulation, as in this Ad recited and contained, may be pleaded in Bar, or given in Evidence upon the General Iflue, and (hall be and be deemed and adjudged in every Court whatever to be a good and complete Bar in any and every Adion, Suit or Proceeding brought or in Git u ted for Reftitutioo, or any other matter or thing in relation to any fuch Capture, or for any Damage or Injury fuGained thereby, or in relation thereto, or for any fuch Lodes as aforefaid ; any thing contained in any Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwitlmanding. *

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the Lords Commiffioners of Appeal in Prize Caufes, and 'for the High Court of Admiralty in all Cafes and Queftions arifing out of the faid Captures, that may be depending before them, or that may be brought before them on Appeal from any Vice Admiralty Court, according to their refpedive Jurifdidions, to proceed therein; and to hear and determine all Queftions refpeding -any 'Right or Intereft in or to the fame, to which His Majefty, or the Captors or Seizors of fuch Ships, Veflels or Cargoes, may claim to be entitled, by reafon of the Capture or .Seizure thereof, and the Laws relating thereto, and to enforce their Judgments and Orders therein, by the ufual Procefs of the faid Courts 5 any thing in this Ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That in all fuch Cafes as aforefaid, in which the Captors Seizors (haH not eftablifh any Right or Intereft on their behalf, by reafon of the Capture thereof, and the Laws relating thereto, it (hall.be lawful for the faid Courts refpedively to order and adjudge the Ships, Veflels and Cargoes, or the Proceeds thereof, and all and every Part thereof, unto or to which the Captors ihall not eftablifh any Right or Intereft as aforefaid, to be delivered or paid, to the Ufc of His Majefty, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Comraiflionerg of His Majefty** Treafury for the time being (hall appoint to receive the fame, and to enforce the Delivery or the Payment thereof by the ufual Pro. cefs of the faid Courts refpedively ; any thing in this Ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIII.	And be it further enaded. That nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend, or be deemed or conftrued in any wtfe to alter,

fufpend,

k

A. D. 1818.

58° GEO. III.

85

G. 36,87.

fufpend, a(Fed, relax or repeal any of the Claufes, Penalties, Forfeitures

*	or runifhments contained and enaded in any Ad or Ads of Parliament

c	made for the Soppreffion or Prevention of the Slave Trade; but that

*	Jill fuch Ads of Parliament, and all Claufes, Regulations, Penalties,

*	Forfeitures and Punifhments therein refpedively contained, Audi

*	remain in full Force and Virtue ; any thing in this Ad contained to

1	the contrary notwithftanding.

e	XIV. And be it further enaded, That if any Adiori or Suit (hall

s be‘commenced, either in Great Britain or elfewnere, againft any Per-fon or Perfons, for any thing done in purfuance of the find Treaty, z or Inftrudions or Regulations thereto annexed, or of this Ad, the

*	Defendant or	Defendants in fuch	Adion or Suit may plead the

*	General Iflue,	and give this Ad	as herein recited and the fpecial

I	Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the

II	fame was done	in purfuance. and by	the Authority of the faid Treaty,

*	Inftrudions or	Regulations, or of	this Ad; and if it (hall appear

’ fo to have been done, the Jury (hall find for the Defendant or Defend-**	ants; and if the Plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or difcontinue his

*	Adion after the Defendant or Defendants (hall have appeared, or

3	if Judgment (hall be given upon any Verdid or Demurrer againft

*	the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants (hall recover Treble Cofts, and have the like Remedy for the fame as Defendants have in other

■	Cafes by Law.

i

*	CAP.	XXXVIh

^ An Aft for further continuing, until the Fifth Day of July One L	thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, an Aft of the Forty

g	fourth Tear of His prefent Majefty, to continue the Reftric-

j,	tions, contained in feveral Afts of His prefent Majefty, on

Payments of Cafti by the Bank of England\ is	r^8th	May 1818.]

*■	• TX7HEREAS it.is highly defirable that the Bank of England

t	• VV fhould, as foon as poflible, return to the Payment of its

tk	* Notes in Cafh: And Whereas ati Ad was paffed in the Forty

4 fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An 3	4	AS to continue, until Six Months after the Ratification of a Defi-

h	4	nitive Treaty of Peace, the RefiriSions contained in feveral ASs made

b	4	in the Thirty /eventb, Thirty eighth, Forty fecond and Forty third

4 Tears of the Reign of His prefent Majefiy, on Payments of Cqfh

0	4	by the Bank of England ; which Ad has by feveral fubfequent

3	4	Ads been continued until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand

r	4	eight hundred and eighteen: And Whereas unforefeen Circum-

4 ftances, which have occurred (ince the palling of the laft of the faid

ii	4	Ads, have rendered it expedient that the faid Reftridions fhould

1	4	be further continued, and that another Period fhould be fixed for

&	4	the Termination thereof ,* May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty

that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by The King’s* Moft ri Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Eii Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Par-c- Hament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid i Ad (hall be and the fame is hereby further continued until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen.

G 3

for Suppreffion of (he Slav* Trade.

General Iflue.

Treble Cofts.

44 O. 3.c. i.

continued.

9*

!fi

J

CAP.

86

C. 38.

38° GEO. III.

A.D.18I8.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An ACt to extend and render more effe&ual the prefent Regulations for the Relief of Seafaring Men and Boys, Subje&s of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* in Foreign Parts.	[28th	May	1818.3

11 & ia W. 3.	4	TTTHEREAS by an A61 paffed in the Eleventh and Twelfth

c 7. § 18.	4	YV Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled

4 An AS for the more effcBual SupbreJJion of Piracy, it is ena&ed,

4 that in cafe any Mailer of a Merchant Ship or Veffel (hould, after 4 the Nine and twentieth Day of September One thoufand feven 4 hundred, during his being Abroad, force any Man on Shore, or 4 wilfully leave him behind in any of His Majefty’s Plantations or 4 elfewhere, or fhould refufe to bring Home with him again all fuch 4 of the Men which he carried out with him as (hould be in a Con-4 dition to return, when he (hould be ready to proceed in his Home-4 ward bound Voyage, every fuch Mafter mould, being thereof 4 legally convi&ed, fuffer Three Months* Imprisonment without 4 Bail or Mainprize $ but no Mode of Profecution is provided by the 4 faid A£t in cafe of Offences committed againfl the fame For Remedy whereof be it ena&ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the paffing of this Alt all Offences committed againfl the faid A& of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third (hall and may be profecuted by Indidment or Information, at the Suit of His Majefty’s Attorney General, in His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench at Wejlminjler s and that in fuch Indidment or Information the Offence or Offences (hall and may be alleged to have been committed at Weflminfler in the County of Middlefen; and that the faid Court (hall be and the fame is nereby authorized to iffue a Commiflion or Commiffions for the Examination of Witneffes abroad, and that the Depofitions taken under fuch Commiffioa or Commiffions (hall be received in Evidence on the Trial of fuch In-di&mcnts and Informations refpe&ively.

3xG.a,c.xa II. 4 And Whereas by an A& paffed in the Thirty firft Year 4 of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, intituled 4 An AB for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal 4 Navy, andfor ejlablijbing a regular Method for the punBucd, fre~ 4 quent and certain Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them 4 more eajily and readily to remit the fame for the Support of their 4 Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds and Abufes attend-I *7*	4 ing fuch Payments, it is enabled, that every Mafter or Perfon having

4 Cnarge of a Merchant* Ship or Veffel that (hould arrive in Foreign 4 Parts, and be Homeward bound from thence to any Port in Great 4 Britain, (hould take on board fuch and fo many Seafaring Men or* 4 Boys, Subjects of Great Britain, as (honld by Shipwreck, Capture 4 or other unavoidable Accident, be driven or caft away to, or 4 that (hould be difeharged as unferviceable from any of the Ships or 4 Veffela of the Royal Navy, at Foreign Parts or Places where 4 Governors, Minifters and Confuls appointed by His Majefty, His 4 Heirs or Succeffors, (hould reffde, or where none fucb are reffdent,

4 where

Offences againfl the faid Aft to be profecuted by Indiftment or Information in the Court of King's Bench st Weft minder, Sec.

A. D. 1616.	50° GEO. III.	C. 38.	m7

*	where Any Two or more Britijb Merchants (hould refide, as the

*	faid Governors, Minifters, Conmls or Merchants (hould direct, not

*	exceeding Four for each One Hundred Tons of which his Ship

*	fhould confift ; but no Penalty or Mode of Profecution is impofed

*	or provided by the faid Ad in cafe of Negled or Refufal to obey

*	the Directions therein containedFor Remedy whereof be it

enaded, That from and after the paffing of this Ad, any Mafter or M«ftenof Vti-Perfon having the Charge of any Merchant Ship or Veffel belonging frk » foreign to any of His Majefty’s Subieds that (hall be or arrive in any fuch	w

Foreign Parts, and be bound from thence to any Port in the United sLafrrWig Men Kingdom of Gnat Britain and Inland, and who (hall be required being Hit Main Writing under the Hand or Hands of any fuch Governor, Mi* jefty’t Subject*, nifter, Conful or Merchants, to take on board any fuch Seafaring exceeding Man or Boy, Men or Boys, being af Subjed or Subieds of the faia the Number * United Kingdom^! not exceeding the Number mentioned in the faid	”1 #

Ad, for the Pyrpofe of carrying and conveying him or them to the faid Port in the faid United Kingdom, ana who (hall negled and refufe to take on board or to carry and convey him or them accordingly, (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One Psnaliy. hundred Pounds for each and every fuch Man or Boy whom he (hall fo refufe or negled to take on board, and to carry and convey as aforefsnd, to be recovered by Information, at the Suit of His Maiefty’s How recover* 1. Attorney General, in His Majefty’s Court of King's Bench or Exche-

Sr at Wijlntinjler ; and that m fuch Information the Offence or ences (hall and may be alleged to have been committed at Weft-minJUr ih the County of Middle/ex, and that the Court in which Tuch Information (hall be brought (hall be and the fame is hereby authorized to iffue a Commiflion or Coromiffions for the Examination of Wit-neffes abroad, and that the Depofitions taken under fuch Commiflion. or Commiflioas (hail be received in Evidence on the Trial of fuch Information.

III.	And be it further enaded, That if any Mafter or other Perfon Regulations to having Charge of any Merchant Ship or Veffel belonging to any of be obferved in His Majefrpg Subjeds (hall leave any Seafaring Man or Boy on cafe of leaving Shore at any Foreign Port or Place, on account of Sicknefs or any Se*1fari,!K ^Jen Otto- lability to proceed on Voyage, emy fuch Mafter or “ XSS.t’7 Pterion having die Charge of fuch Ship or Veffel (hall defiver to the Sicknafs. Governor* Miaifter or Conful, if any there, or if not, then to Two refpedable Merchants at fuch Port or Place, a true and juft Account of theWages doe to fuch Seafaring Manor Boy, and pay the Anoint thereof, either in Money, Or by a Bill upon the Owner or Owners of fuch Ship or Veflel, to fuch Governor, Minifter, Conful or Merchants, a* the Cafe May be j and iti default of his lb doing, or in eftfe of the Owner or Owners not accepting and paying fuch Bill when due* fuch Owner or Owners (hall be liable toan Adion for the Amount* with Intcreft at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum par-Anmmv to be brought in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wffimit^er or Dublin, or in His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer in Seatlandf at the Suit of the Holder or Holders of fuch Bill, at for Money had and received by fuch Owner or Owners to Ids or their Ufc | but* in cafe of Payment of fuch Wages being duly made as required by this Ad, the (ante, when received by thd find Governor* Minifter* Conful or Merchants* as the Cafe may be, (hall be applied by him or them towards the Payment of nay Hdfpital Eg.

G 4	pences

58® GEO. III.

A. D. 1818,

C. 38,39.

peaces of fuch Seafaring Man or Boy as aforefaid, (except the Charges for bis Subiiftence,) and alfo towards the Payment of the Expences of Clothing, Bedding or other Neceflaries that may be fupplied to him, and the Remainder (if any) (hall be paid to fuch Seafaring Man or Boy.

M«fterinegl«fl- IV. And be it further ena&ed, That if any fuch Mafter or other Account of** a0 ^>er^on having Charge of any fuch Ship or Veffel, and leaving any Wjges due to	fuch Seafaring Man or Boy on Shore as aforefaid, (hall negle& or

lucb Seafaring	refufe to deliver a juft and true Account of the Wages due to fuch

Paribas.	Seafaring	Man or Boy as aforefaid, and to pay the Amount thereof,

in Money, or by fuch Bill as aforefaid ; or (hall deliver a falfe Account of luch Wages or Pay, lefs than the full and true Amount thereof in manner aforefaid ; every fuch Mafter or other Perfon fo offend-Penslty id, ing (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered with full Cofts of Suit by any Perfon or Perfons who will fue for the fame by A&ion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejt* minfier$ wherein no Effoign, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance (hall be allowed; and that in fuch Aftion, Bill, Plaint or Information, it (hall be fufficient to allege that the Offence or Offences was or were committed at Wejlminfier in the County of Middlefex ; and that the Court in which fuch Aftion, Bill, Plaint or Information is brought, (hall be and the fame is hereby authorized to iffue a Commiffion or Commiffions for the Examination of Witnefies Abroad, and that the Depolitions taken under fuch Commiffion or Commiffions (hall be received in Evidence on the Trial of fuch Aftion, Bill, Plaint or Information refpeftively.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Aft to explain and amend an Aft pafled in the Fifty fixth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for amending the Law of Ireland refpefting the Recovery of Tenements from abfconding, overholding, and defaulting Tenants, and for the Proteftion of the Tenant from undue Diftrefs.

[28 th May 1818.]

j6G.3 c.88.	, tttHEREAS an Aa pafled in the Fifty fixth Year of the

4 W Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS to amend 4 the Law of Ireland rejfrcBing the Recovery of Tenements /re* ab~

4 fconding, overholding and defaulting Tenants, andfor the ProteSion 4 oft he Tenant from undue Difirefs : And Whereas Doubts have 4 arifen whether a Tenement which has been held by a Tenant at 4 the prrcife Rent of Twenty Pounds by the Year is within the Pro-4 vifions of the faid Aft For Removal thereof, be it enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. Pi oceedingt mty That in all Cafes where any Tenement (hall have been held at a Rent ba ioftitoted of Twenty Pounds by the Year, it (hall be lawful to proceed re-aaunft Tenants fpe&ing the faid Tenement in the fame manner as by the faid Aft is * etr‘ provided with refpeft to any Tenement which (hall have been held at a lefs Rent than Twenty Pounds by the Year.

II.	4 And Whereat it hath been nfual io Proceedings by Way 4 of Civil Bill to infert the Civil Bill in the Proceft ferved upon the

4 Defendant,

A.D.lSia

58* GEO. IIL

C. 39.

89

4 Defendant, but H hath been doubted whether it is not neceffarr in 4 Proceedings under the faid Ad to file the Civil Bill with the Clerk 4 of the Peace previous to ferving Procefs upon the Defendant: And 4 Whereas it is reafonable that the Proceedings by Way of Civil Bill

*	under the faid Ad fhould be conformable, as nearly as poffible, to 4 Proceedings by Way of Civil Bill in other Cafes ? Be it therefore

further enaded. That in all Cafes falling within the Provifions of the Proceedings by fiud Ad, the Service of the Civil Bill and Procefs thereon, in fuch way of Civil Forms as are contained in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, or in any Bill in other Forms to the like Effed, (hall be as valid and effedual, to all	,ht

Intents and Purpofes, as the Service of any Civil Bill and Procefs fal A * thereupon now by Law is in any other Proceeding by Way of Civil Bill.

III.	* And Whereas in Proceedings under the faid Ad for the*

*	Recovery of the Poffeffion of Lands or Tenements, Doubts have 4 arifen as to the Admiffibility or Sufficiency in certain Cafes of the 4 Affidavit of the Landlord or LefTor or his Agent, for afeertaiuing

4 the Amount of Rent due $’ For Removal thereof, be it enaded. Affidavits of That in all Proceedings under the faid Ad, fuch Affidavit (hall be Landlords or as admiffible, and to all Intents and Purpofes of the like Force and their Agents Efficacy, as it would have been if the Proceeding had been by Adion of Ejedment.

IV.	4 And Whereas it is reafonable that in Proceedings for the 4 Recovery of the Pnffeffion of Lands or Tenements under the Pro-

4 vjfions of the faid Ad, the Power of enforcing the Attendance of ’

4 Witnefies, whether on the Part of the Plaintiff or Defendant, (hould 4 be the fame as if the Proceeding had been by Adion of Ejedment Be it therefore enaded. That ix^ all fuch Proceedings as aforefaid, the Procefs ad Teflj£candum% figned by the Clerk of the Peace, (hall contain the fame Penalty, and be of the fame Efficacy, for the Purpofe of compelling the Attendance of any Witnefs, whether fuch Witnefs (hall refide within the County or not, as any Subpana ad Teflificandum which might or could be fued out if the Proceeding had been by Adion of Ejedment.

V.	4 And Whereas it is reafonable, in Cafes where it may happen 4 that the Affiftant Barrifter of any County, or the Chairman of the 4 Seffion of the Peace of the County of Dublin, or the Recorder of 4 the County of the City of Dublin, is the Landlord or Leffor of any 4 Tenement within his own Jurifdidion, that Provifion (hould be made 4 for extending to fuch Landlord or Leffor the Benefits of the faid 4 Ad ;* Be it therefore enaded. That in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Landlord or Leflor to proceed by Way of Civil Bill refpeding fuch Tenement, before any Judge of Affize who (hall prefide in the Civil Court of the County wherein fuch Tenement is fituate, in the fame manner as any other Leffor or Landlord might proceed, refpeding any other Tenement, before fuch Affiftant Barrifter, Chairman or Recorder, as the CaTe may be.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That an Appeal (hall lie from any Decree of fuch Judge, upon fuch Civil Bill, £o the next going Judge of Affize, in the fame manner, and fubjed to the fame Reftridions,

Conditions and Limitations, as if the Decree had been pronounced by an Affiftant Barrifter.

VII.	4 And Whereas the Trouble of the Affiftant Barrifters,

4 Chairman of the Seffions of the Peace, and Recorder, and of the

4 Clerks

Attendants of WstnefTrs.

Affiftant Barrifter, or Chairman of Seffions, See. being a Landlord in his own Jurifdi&ioo, may proceed by way of Civil Bill before Judge of Affise.

ArpmL

C. 39.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

*	Clerks of the Peace, and of the Attornies of the Parties, is mack

*	greater in Proceedings for the Recovery of the Foffeffion of Lands

*	and Tenements under the Provifions of the fasd A&, than in Cafes

*	of other Civil Bills ; and it is reasonable that the Fees of the laid 1 Perfons upon fuch Proceedings (hould be increafed Be it there*-

Feet to be taken fore further ena&ed, That the fcveral Fees and Sums following, and by AfliiUat Bar- no greater Sums, (hall be charged and taken from any Perion filing or rifter, Sec. being fued upon any Civil Bill brought for the Recovery of the Poffeffion of any Lands or Tenements:

To the Affiftant Barrifter, Chairman or Recorder, upon the Entry of the Ciwl BiU	.

Upon every Affidavit -	_

Upon every Recognizance and Bail taken on an Appeal For figning a Renewal	-	-

For figning a Decree or Difmifs -	-

But no Charge to be made on the Second Copy thereof. For every Bill of Colts, where the fame is a&uaily taxed by him between Attorney and Client -	-	-	*	•	-

To the Clerk of the Peace entering the Caufe	-

For figning, entering and recording every Decree or Difmifs For figning and entering every Renewal ... For entering the Verditt of a Jury -For the Recognizance of Bail and Certificate of Appeal lodged To the Plaintiff’s Attorney, in lieu of all other Charges for taking Inftru&ions, drawing the Procefs, drawing Affidavit to verify entering the Caufe, preparing for and attending the hearing and drawing up the.foecree -	-

To the Plaintiff’s Attorney, for attending, drawing and obtaining the Magiftrate’s Certificate, where the Proceeding is for Recovery of Lands or Premifes abandoned To the Defendant’s Attorney, in lieu of all other Charges, for taking Inftru&ions, preparing for and attending the hearing and drawing up the Difmifs, if the fame (hall be neceffary To the Attorney, for drawing or filling every Renewal, and drawing or filling up the Affidavit to obtain fuch Renewal To the Sheriff for returning a Jury -	-

For every Special Warrant granted at the Peril of the Party requiring the fame -	-	-

To any Witnefs attending on behalf of either Party, provided fuch Witnefs (hall have been brought by Procefs ad Tefttfi-candum from fome Place not within the DiftriA where fuch Trial (hall be held, fuch Viaticum as (hall appear to die Court to be reafonable: Provided always, that it (hall be lawful for any Attorney to charge to any Client the Expences of employing Counfel in cafe fuch Attorney (hall have received written Dire&ions for that Purpofe from fuch Client; no Charge however for fuch Purpofe to be allowed on the Taxation of Coils between Party and Party.

4.	/•	d.
—	5	<s»
	i	i
•	—	6*
	5  2	6
-	—	6f
	I	i
_	’ —	i
	—•	
—	- —	6
t	2m	9
—	IO	—
i	2	9
	—	
—	1	
	I	

No Sum to be allowed for

VIII.	And be k further ena&ed, That ne Sum (hall be allowed to the Plaintiff’s Attorney, for any Searches for Incumbrances aff^h-*4	ing

A.D. 1818,

S8# GEO. HI.

C. 89.

91

ing the Lends and Tenement*, unlefs he (hall have received Dime* Swrche*, unleft tiona in Writing, from the Plaintiff or hi* Land Agent, authorizing orc^rfd to him to make the fame.	Writing.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawfiti Affiftant Bar.

for the Affiftant Barrifter, Chairman or Recorder, as the cafe may rifters, fee. to be, and he is hereby required, on the Requeft of either Party or his	°*

Attorney, to tax the Cofts between Party and Party, and to include u

the fame in the Decree or Difmifs, as the cafe may be ; and further,

on the like Requeft, to tax Cofts between Attorney and Client, upon

any Proceedings that (hall have been taken or may hereafter be taken

for the Recovery of the Poffeffion of Lands or Tenements nnder the Fw.

Provifions of the faid recited Ad or this A A, receiving for each fuch Clerk of the

Taxation the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more; and T“*#not to

that no Clerk of the Peace (hall have any Power -to tax the fame ; and

that no Attorney (hall be entitled to recover any Sum againft any No Attorney

Client for or by reafon of any Proceedings under this Ad or the faid ««‘hled to re-

recited Ad, or any Preparation for fuch Proceedings, unlefs the fame

Audi have been previouily taxed in manner herein provided.	#re tai

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That upon fuch Taxation it (hall Affiftant Errand may be lawful for the faid Affiftant Barrifter, Chairman or rifttr,*c.toexa-Recorder, as the cafe may be, and he is hereby required to examine mina

Upon Oath (which Oath he is hereby authorized to adminifter) the nc7 UP°° Attorney feeksag to charge fuch Client, as to all matters and things which it may appear to the faid Affiftant Barrifter neceffary to afeer-tain for the duft Taxation of the faid Cofts.

XI* And be it further ena&ed, That the Forms in the Schedule to Forms to bn this Ad annexed, marked A., B., C. and D., or any other Forms to *» Proceed-the like Effed, may be ufed in the refpe&ive Cafes in the faid Schedule mentioned,' as and for the Civil -Bills and Procefs; and that	Q , c gg

the Forms in the faid Schedule marked E., F. and G-, or any other Forms to the like Effed, may be ufed in the refpedive Cafes in the faid Schedule mentioned, as and for the Decrees of the faid Affiftant Barrifter*, Chairman or Recorder, as the cafe may be ; and that the Form marked H«, or any other Form to the like Effed, may be ufed by the Magiftrates in the faid Ad mentioned, as and for a Certificate of Defertion ; and that the Form marked I., or any other Form to the like Effed, may be ufed for the Affidavit afeertaining the Rent due, to enable the Magiftrate to grant the faid Certificate.

The SCHEDULE to which this ACT refers.

A.

FORM of a CIVIL BILL, to be ufed where the Tenant has deferted the Premifes.

}BY the Affiftant Barrifter at the Quarter Sef-fions of the Peace for the faid Divifion of the faid County:	•

11X7HEREAS the Defendant holds all that and J thofe .	in	the	Parifti

of	and	Barony	of	and

in the faid Dirifion of	m	the feed County, as

Tenant to the Plaintiff	under	a Demife thereof

made the	Day	of	in	the	Year

of our Lord One tboofand eight hundred and	for	the

Term

County of Dwifion of

Plaintiff

92

C. 39.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818,

Term of	which	is	ftill	in being* at the

Yearly Rent of	And	Whereas	the	Sum	of

for	Rent of the faid Premifes,

ending on the	Daj	of laft	pad,

became and was due by the faid Defendant to the faid Plaintiff* and ftill remains fo due after all fair and juft Allowances whatsoever: And Whereas the faid Defendant* on the Day of	in	the	Year	of	our Load One

thoufand eight hundred and	deferted	the faid Premifes

and abandoned the fame* and did not leave Sufficient Diftrefa thereon to countervail the Rent fo due for the fame* and fuch Sufficient Diftrefa cannot be had to countervail the Rent fo due

The Defendant is therefore hereby required perfonally to be and appear before the faid Affiftant Barrifter* at

in the Divifion aforefaid* in the faid County* on the	Day	of

next* at a Quarter Seffions to be then and there holden for faid Divifion of faid County* to anfwer the Plaintiffs Bill brought by him for Recovery of the PofTeffion of the Premifes* by reafod of the matters aforefaid* and by virtue of the Statutes in that cafe made and provided; or in default thereof* the faid Affiftant Barrifter will proceed as to Juftice (hall appertain. Dated this	Day	of

in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and Signed on behalf of the Plaintiff*

To the Defendant* ]

Attorney.

Couoty of

Divifion of

B.

FORM of a CIVIL BILL, to be ufed where the Tenant’s Iutereft is determined* and PofTeffion has been demanded by the Landlord in Perfon.

7 BY the Affiftant Barrifter at the Quarter Seffions 3 of the Peace for the faid Divifion of the faid County.

Plaintiff	7	"WTHEREAS	One

Defendants	J	Qf	tjje	Defendants, lately held all that and

thofe	in	the	Parifh of	and

Barony of	and in the Divifion of

aforefaid* in the faid County* as Tenant to the Plaintiff* under a Demife thereof made the	Day of	in	the

Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and	for

the Term of	at	the Yearly Rent of

which Demife determined on the	Daj	of

laft* by «	And	Whereas	the	laid

Plaintiff after the Determination* of the faid Demife* to wit* on the Day of .	now	laft

paft* duly demanded the PofTeffion of the faid Premifes* and a Delivery of the faid PofTeffion to him $ and the faid PofTeffion and the Delivery thereof have and hath been withheld* and the feveral Defendants are refpe&ively in PofTeffion of the Premifes* and no other Perfon is in PofTeffion of any Part thereof: The Defendant therefore* and all

Perfons

A.D. 1818.

53* GEO, III.

C.S9.

93

Perfons claiming to have any Intereft in the faid Premifes, are hereby required perfonally to be and appear before the faid Affiftant Bar-rifter, at	in	the Divifion of

aforefaid, in the faid County, on the Day of	next,	at	a Quarter Seffi na to be

then and there holden for the faid Divifion of faid County, to anfwer the Plaintiff’s Bill brought by him for the Recovery of the Poffeffion of the Premifes, by reafon or the matters aforefaid, and by virtue of the Statute in that cafe made and provided ; or in default thereof, the faid Affiftant Barrifter will proceed as to Juflice Shall appertain. Dated this	Day of	in	the Year

Ope thoufand eight hundred and

Signed on behalf of the Plaintiff, Attorney.

To the Defendant, |

C.

FORM of a CIVIL BILL where the Tenant’s Intereft is determined, and Poffeflion has been demanded by a Bailiff or Receiver.

County of,	7	BY	the Affiftant Barrifter. at the Quarter

Div^on	3	Seffions of the Peace for the faid Divifion

of the faid County :

p La in tiff	| U/HEREAS	One

Defendants	J-	.of	the Defendants, lately held all that and

thofe	in the Parifh of	and	Barony	of

and in the Divifion of aforefaid, in the faid Copaty, as Tenant to the Plaintiff, under a Demife made thereof the	Day of

in the Year of our Lord One thoufaud	hutadred	and

for the Term of	at

the yearly Rent of	*	which	Demife

determined on the	Day	of	laft paft

by	And	Whereas	the Bailiff

and Receiver of the faid Plaintiff, after the Determination of the faid Demife, to wit, on the	Day	of	now

laft paft, duly demanded the Poffeffion of the faid Premifes, and a Delivery of the faid Poffeffion to him as fuch Bailiff and Receiver of the laid Plaintiff, and the faid Poffeffion and the Delivery thereof have and hath been withheld, and the feveral Defendants are refpec-tively in Poffeffion of the Premifes, and no other Perfon is in Pof-ieffion of any Part thereof: The Defendants therefore, and all Perfons having or claiming any Intereft in the Premifes in Queftion, are hereby required perfonally to be and appear before the raid Affiftant Barrifter at	in the	Divifion	of

aforefaid, in the faid County, on the	Day

of	next,	at	a Quarter Seffions to be then and there

holden for the faid Divifion of the faid County, to anfwer the Plaintiff’s Bill, brought by him for the Recovery of the Poffeffion of the Premifes, by reafon of the matters aforefaid, and by virtue of the Statutes in that cafe made and provided; or in default thereof, the faid Affiftant Barrifter will proceed as to Juftice (hall appertain.

Dated

94

C. 39,

58* GEO. III.

AJL1818.

Dated this	Day	of

thoufand eight hundred and

Signed os behalf of the Plaintiff,

To the Defendant, 1

is the Year One Attorney.

FORM of a CIVIL BILL to be oM wheat a Year's Rent » in

Arrcar.

County of	1 BY the Afliftant Barrifter at the Quarter

Diviflon gf	J Seffions of the Peace for the faid Dhtftee

of faid County:

PUimiff	*1	I^HEREAS	One

£Mendants	J	of	the Defendants, holds all that and thofe

in the Parifh of	and	Baronv	of

and in the Diviflon of	aforefaid, in the faid County,

as Tenant to the Plaintiff,	under	a

Demife thereof made the	Day	of

in the Year of our I^rd One thoufand	hundred

and	for	the Term of	which	is	not yet expired, at the yearly Rent of	payable

m equal Gales, on every	during the

faid Term: And Whereas the Sum of	for

Rent of the faid Premifes, ending on the	Day

of '	laft paft, became and was due by faid Defendant

to the faid Plaintiff, and	thereof,	being	One	full

Year’s Rent	ftill	remains due

thereon : And Whereas the feveral other Defendants refpe&ively are in a&ual Pofftffion of the Premifes, or have refpe&ively Intereft* therein under Deeds and Inflruments duly regiftered, and creating fuch Isterefts refpe&ively, and no other Perfon, fave the Defendants or fome of them, is in fuch Poffeffion or appear to have any fuA Intereft:

The Defendants therefore, and all Perfoas having or claiming any Intereft in the faid Premifes, are hereby required perfonally to be and appear before the faid Afliftant Barrifter, at	in

the Diviflon of	aforefaid,	in	the	faid County,

on the	Day	of	next, at a Quarter Seffions

to be then and there holden for the faid Diviflon of laid County, to anrwer the Plaintiff’s Bill brought by him for Recovery of the Pofleflion of the Premifes, by realou of the matters aforefaid, and by virtue of the Statutes in that cafe made and provided j or in default thereof the faid Afliftant Barrifter will proceed as to Juftice fhall appertain. Dated this	Day	of	in the Year

One thoufand eight hundred and

Signed on behalf of the Plaintiff,

Attorney.

To the Defendant,^

FORM

A.D. 1818.

58® GEO. III.

C. 39.

86

FORM of a DECREE where the Civil Bill it grounded on the Defertion of the Premifes.

County of	1	BY	the Affiftant Barrifter of the Seilions for

Ditriflou of	J	the	County	of

Plaintiff De-

PUimiff	1	TT	appearing	to the Court that the Plain

Defendants	j	caufed	a	Civil	Bill	to	be	filed again ft the ]

fendant, praying to be put into Poffeffion of

fituate, lying and being in the Parifh of and in the Barony of	and	County	of

containing	or	thereabouts,	in	the

Poffefllon of the Defendant; which Civil Bill was brought purfuant to the Statute in fucb cafe made and provided, on the ground that the Tenant had deferted the faid Premifes ; and it appearing by the Certificate of	and	Efquires,

Two of His Majefty*s Joftices of the Peace for (aid County, that they had together gone to and viewed faid Premifes, and that the fame were deferted and left unoccupied by the Defendant, and that there was not any Diftrefs thereon fumcient to countervail the Arrear of Rent then due thereout; upon due Proof thereof, and that Procefs on faid Civil Bill, and alfo a Copy of faid Certificate was duly ferved, requiring the Defendant to appear at thefe prefect Seffions to anfwer faid Bill; and it appearing that £	being

Years* Rent of faid Premifes, was juftly due and owing by Defendant to Plaintiff, after all fair and juft Allowances, and that faid Premifes were deferted and left unoccupied by the Defendant, and that there was not any Diftrefs on the fame to iatisfy faid Rent: It is therefore ordered and decreed by the Court, That the Plaintiff be put into the Poffeffion of faid Premifes, and the Sheriff of the County of	is	hereby	commanded	to	put	the	Plaintiff	into

the Poffeffion thereof, purfuant to the Statute in faid cafe made and provided ; and it is further ordered and decreed by* the Court, That the Plaintiff do recover from the Defendant	Pounds

Shillings and	Pence,	Cofts; and the feveral

Sheriffs of the refpe&ive Counties within this Kingdom of Ireland are hereby commanded, notwithftanding any Liberty within their Bailiwicks, to execute the fame, and take in Execution the Body |\or Bodies, or Goods, at the Cafe may bc~\ of the Defendant, to Iatisfy the faid Cofts. Dated at	this	Day	of

Witnefs prefect,

% Affiftant Barrifter for Clerk Peace for the	the	faid County,

faid County.

Attorney for the Plaintiff.

FORM of the SHERIFF’S WARRANT on the above Decree, to a Special Bailiff of the Plaintiff’s Nomination.

County of	*1T	authorize and empower	and

to wit.	|	or	cither of them,	and

„ their

96

58* GEO. III.

C.39.

A.D. 1818.

their Affiftants, Special Bailiffs, at the Plaintiff's Peril to execute the above Decree. Given under my Hand and Seal, this Day of

( Seal.)	Sheriff for the faid County.

F.

FORM of a DECREE where the Civil Bill is grounded on the overholding of the Tenant.

County of	1	BY	the Afliftant Barrifter at the Seflions for

DivtHou of	J	the	County of

1 TT appearing to the Court, that the Plaintiff J A caufed a Civil Bill to be filed againft the De-

PUjntifT Defendants

fendant, praying to be put into the PoiTeffion of

fituate in the Parifh of	and	Baroftj	of

and County of	containing

or thereabouts, in the PoiTeffion of the Defendant; which Civil Bill was brought purfuant to the Statute in fuch cafe made and provided, on the ground that the Tenant overheld the faid Premifes; and it appearing to the Court, that Procefs on faid Civil Bill was duly ferved, requiring the Defendants and all others having or claiming to have Intereft in the Premifes, in faid Bill mentioned, requiring them to appear at thefe prefent Seflions to aofwer faid Bill; and it appearing that faid Premifes were held by Defendant from Plaintiff at the yearly Rent of	and	that

Defendant’s Intereft determined on the	Day	of

laft, by a Notice to quit, heretofore ferved on the Defendant, rea uiring him to deliver up the Pofleflion thereof to Plaintiff, on the faid	Day	of	laft	[or

fitting forth any other Mode of Determination, as the Cafe may he 3» notwithftanding which the Defendant refufed to deliver up the Pof-feffioa thereof to Plaintiff though demanded: It is therefore ordered and decreed by the Court, That the Plaintiff be put into the PofTeffion thereof, purfuant to the Statute in that cafe made and provided ; and it is further ordered mod decreed by the Court, That the Plaintiff do recover from the Defendant	Pounds

Shillings and	Pence,	Cofts; and the fevend

Sheriffs of the refpe&ive Counties within this Kingdom of Ireland are hereby commanded, notwithftanding any Liberty within their Bailiwicks, to execute the fame, and take in Execution the Bodv [or Bodies, or Goods, as the Cafe may be] of the Defendant, to fatisfy the faid Cofts* Dated at .	this	Day	of

Witnefs prefent,

Clerk Peace for the faid County.

Attorney for the Plain tiff.

Afliftant Barrifter for the faid County.

FORM

A. D. 1818.

58° GEO. III.

C.39.

97

FORM of the SHERIFFS WARRANT on the above Decree, to a Special Bailiff of the PlaintifPs Nomination.

County of	7	T authorize and empower

wit-	3	and	or	either	of

them, and their Aififtants, Special Bailiffs, at the Plaintiff’s Peril to execute the above Decree. Given under my Hand and Seal, this Day of

{Seal.)	Sheriff	for	the	faid	County.

G.

N°	FORM of a DECREE where the Civil Bill is grounded

on Nonpayment of Rent.

County of	7	BY the Affiftant Barrifter	at the Seffions

Divfion of	j	for the County of

Plaintiff	7	TT	appearing	to	the	Court	that	the PlaintifF

Defendant	3	A	caufed	a	Civil Bill to be filed againft the De-

fendant, praying to be put into the Poffeflion of fituate, lying and being in the Parifh of	and

Barony of	and County of

containing by Eftimation	or	thereabouts,	in	the

FoiTeilion of the Defendant, which Civil Bill was brought purfuant to the Statute in fuch cafe made and provided, on the ground that a Year’s Rent was in arrear and unpaid ; and it appearing to the Court, that Procefs on faid Civil Bill was duly ferved, requiring the Defendant and all others having or claiming to have Intereft in 'the Premifes in faid Bill mentioned, requiring them to appear at thefe prefent Seffions to anfwer faid Bill; upon due Proof thereof, and that faid Premifes were held by Defendant from Plaintiff, at the yearly Rent of and that the Defendant was indebted to the Plaintiff in the Sum of	ibeing	for

One whole Year’s Rent and Arrear of Rent of faid Premifes, due and ending.the	Day of	laft, after all

juft and fair Allowances : It is therefore ordered by the Court, That the Plaintiff be put into the Poffeifion of (aid Premifes, and the Sheriff of the County of	is hereby	commanded

to put the Plaintiff into the Poffeifion thereof, purfuant to the Statute in fuch cafe made and provided; and it is further ordered and decreed by the Court, That the Plaintiff do recover from the Defendant Pounds	Shillings and

Pence, Cofts; and the feveral Sheriffs of the refpe&ive Counties within this Kingdom of Ireland are hereby commanded, notwith-ftanding any Liberty within their Bailiwicks, to execute the fame, and take in Execution the Body [or Bodies, or Goods, at the Cafe may be] of the Defendant, to fatisfy the faid Cofts. Dated at this	Day	of

Witnefs prefent,	Affiftant	Barrifter	for

Clerk Peace for the	the	faid	County,

laid County.

Attorney for the Plaintiff.

58 Geo* III.

H

FORM

98

C. 39.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

FORM of the SHERIFFS WARRANT on the above Decree, to a Special Bailiff of the Plaintiff’s Nomination.

County of	IT	authorize and empower

to wit\	J	and	or	either	of	them,

and their Afiiftante, Special Bailiffs, at the Plaintiff’s Peril to execute the above Decree. Given under my Hand and Seal, this Day of

(Seal.)	Sheriff for the laid County.

H.

MAGISTRATE’S CERTIFICATE;

1WE	and

J Two of His Majefty's Juftices of the Peace

County of to wit.

for faid County, having been called upon^by* and at his Requeft having together gone to and viewed all that Part of the Lands of	fituate,	lying	and being in the

Parifh of	and	Barony	of

and County of	in	the	PofTeflion	of

as Tenant thereof, containing	Acres,	Roods

and	Perches,	or	thereabouts,	on	the	. ^ D«r

of	between	the	Hours	of	Ten	o’Clock	in the Forenoon

and Four o’Clock in the Afternoon of the faid Day, do certify, That the Premifes aforefaid then appeared to us to be deferted and left unoccupied by the faid	and that there is not

any Diitrefs on the fame fufficient to countervail the Arrear of Rent, being One Half Year’s Rent, afcertained by the Affidavit of A. B. the Landlord thereof [or, the Bailiff of toe Landlord thereof, aj the Cafe may £*] now due thereout, after all juft and fair Allowances. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of

To the Affiftant Barrifterl	(Seal.)

for the County of >

J	(SeaL)

Witnefs prefrat.

AETlDAVtT of RENT to enable the Magiftrates to grant the above Certificate.

County of	\	Landlord* [or, Bailiff

to wit.	J	id the Landlord, a* tb* Cafe may be] of the

Lands and Tenements hereinafter mentioned, maketh Oath, «ad faith, That	of	in	the Comity

of	is	juftly	and fairly indebted to

in the Sum of	^	being	for	a

Year’s Rerft of his holding, Tdeferring it at «* Civil Billy] tinder due and ending the	Day

of	laft,	after all juft and fair Allowances: And

Depoaeot faith, That the faid Sum, or any Part thereof, hath not been tendered or paid to	by	the	faid	.

or by any Perfon or Perfects on his behalf.

Sworn before me, this Day of

CAP.

58° GEO. IIL

C. 40, 41.

99

CAP. XL.

An Ad to continue the Laws now in force relating to Yeomanry Corps in Ireland.	[28th May	1818.]

WHEREAS an Ad was nude in the Forty third Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A8 for authoring 4 ing the billettinr of fych Troops of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry 4 as may be defrosts of affembling for the Purpofe of being trained 4 together, in Great Britain and Ireland; and for fubjetting to Milt-4 tary Difcipline, during the War, fueh Serjeants ferving in any 4 Volunteer or Yeomanry Corps of Cavalry or Infantry as receive 4 conjhnt Pay9 and all Trumpeters, Drummers or Bugle Men ferving 4 therein* and receiving Pay at any Daily or Weekly Rate; and for 4 the further regulating of fucb Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps / which 4 Ad was to continue and be in force during the Continuance of 4 the War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Defini-* tire Treaty of Peace with France : And Whereas, by an Ad made 4 in the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, fo much of the 4 faid recited Ad as relates to fiich Troops or Corps in Ireland was 4 continued; and by an Ad made an tne Fifty fixth Year of the 4 Reign of His prefent Majefty, fo much of the faid recited Ad of 4 the Forty third Year as relates to fuch Troops or Corps in Ireland 4 was further continued and amended, and is in force until the End 4 of this prefent Seffion of Parliament; and it is expedient that the 4 fame ftiould be further continued;’ Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Mod Excellent Msyefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Ad of the Forty third Year of His Majefiy’s Reign, fb far as relates to any fuch Troops or Corps in Ireland, and alfo the faid Ad of the Fifty fixth Year of His Majefiy’s Reiga, fb far as the fame amends the faid Ad of the Forty third Year, fhall be and remain in force from the time of the paffing of this Ad, until the Expiration of One Year next after the pafling of this Ad, and from thence until the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament; and that all fuch Provifions and Regulations In the faid recited Ad of the Forty third Year contained, lo far as relates to fuch Troops or Corps in Ireland, as by the faid Ad are applied during War, or during the Continuance of War, or during the Continuance of the War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of fuch Definitive Treaty of Peace, fhall be in force as amended by this Ad during the Continuance of the laid recited Ads as aforefaid.

CAP. XLI.

An Ad to amend an Ad made in the Fifty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for regulating and fecuring the Colledion of the Duties on Paper in Ireland, and to allow a Drawback of the Duty on Paper ufed in printing certain Books at the Prefs of Trinity College, Dublin.	[28th	May	1818.]

4 YT7HEREAS it is expedient to amend, in manner hereinafter 4 W mentioned, an Ad made in the Fifty fixth Year of His pre» ( feat Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for the better regulating and 4 fecuring the ColhSion of the Duties on Paper in Ireland, and to

H 2	4	prevent

43 G. j.c.ui.

56 G.3. c.7*.

fo far at herein exprefled, further continued.

56 G. 3. c. 78.

C. 41.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

Inflead of the Charge under the faid A61, Paper Makers to pay at the Rate of ias. 6d. BritiCh per Month for every Cuhic Foot of thf Engines ufed by (hem*

How fuch Rate charged and paid.

Officer to make a Return to the Colle&or of the Amoifnt of the Monthly Rate, and alfo of the Quantity, Quality and Weight of Paper, aud of the Duty thereon.

Such Return a Charge on Maker.

* prevent Frauds therein ;* Be it therefore ena&ed by The King’s Mod Excellent Majelly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Commencement of this Ad, in lieu and inllead of any Charge under the faid recited A 61 on any Paper Maker in Ireland\ in refped of each and every Engine kept or ufed by fuch Paper Maker, every Paper Maker in Ireland (hall, for and in refped of each and every Engine kept or ufed by fuch Paper Maker for the making of Paper of any Sort or Kind whatfoever, or which (hall be employed in preparing any Stuff for making Paper of any Sort or Kind whatfoever, be charged with and (hall pay, for each and every Calendar Month, in the Proportion and at the Rate of Twelve Shillings and Sixpence Brittfb Currency for each and every Cubic Foot of the computed Content of each and every fuch Engine, to be afcertained according to the greatell Length, Depth and Breadth thereof, fuch Depth to be taken from the Centre of the Spindle of the Roller of each fuch Engine, if the Depth of fuch Engine (hall be the greatell at that Part, or otherwife in fuch other Part of fuch Engine where the Depth thereof (hall be the greatell, and fuch computed Content (hall be without any Allowance or Dedu&ion whatfoever for or on account of any Peculiarity of Shape or Form of fuch Engine, or of any Machinery or other matter or thing which (hall or may be contained therein, or on any other Account ; and which faid Rate or Sum (hall be charged and chargeable, and paid and payable, as and for the Duty in refped of the Quality and Weight of fuch Quantity of Paper as may he produced from any fuch Engine within each fuch Calendar Month as aforefaid.

II. And be it further enabled. That the Officer or Officers of Excife in Charge of any Paper Mill of any Paper Maker in Ireland (hall, within Ten Days after the Fifth Day of every Month, while any Engine or Engines of any Paper Maker (hall be working, or (hall he by Law chargeable as working, make a Return to the Collector of Excife, or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the Diftrid in which fuch Paper Mill (haH be fituate, of the Amount of the Monthly Rate*or Sum hereby direded to be charged for the Month ending on fuch Fifth Day of the Month, • in refped of all and every Engine or Engines kept or ufed by fuch Paper Maker at any Time in each and every fuch Month, and aHo of the Quantity,.Quality and Weight of all fuch Sorts of Paper, if any, which (hall have been weighed at fuch Mill in the Courfe of fuch Month, and of the Duty chargeable thereon in refped of the Quality and Weight of fuch Paper; and every fuch Return (hall be a Charge on the Paper Maker to the Amount of the Monthly Rate or Sum payable under this Ad in refped of all and every fuch Engine or Engines, in cafe there (hall not have been any Paper of any Sort whatever weighed at fuch Mill in fuch Month, or in cafe the Duty chargeable in reiped of the Quality and Weight of the Paper which (hall have been weighed at fuch Mill in fuch Month (hall be lefs than the Rate or Sum chargeable as aforefaid for all and every fuch Engine or Engines for fuch Month, and every fuch Paper Maker (hall pay the Sum fo charged and returned $ and in cafe the Duty chargeable in refped of the Quality and Weight of all Paper of every Clafs, Denomination and Kind fpecified in fuch Return as weighed within fuch Month,

14.	(hall

SB9 GEO. III.

C.41.

101

(hall amount to or exceed the Amount of the Rate or Sum payable in refpe3 of all and every fuch Engine or Engines as aforelaid, or hi cafe any Engine or Engines (hall not be chargeable in any Month, then the Return of the Officer (hall be a Charge on fuch Paper Maker for the Amount of the Duty fo chargeable in refpeft of the Quality and Weight of all fuch Paper which (hall have been fo weighed in any fuch Month refpe&ively as aforefaid ; and fuch Paper Maker (hall pay the Duty appearing by fuch Return and chargeable to have become due and payable, within Three Months after the End of the Month for which luch Return and Charge (hall have been made ; and every fuch Paper Maker (hall, for every Default in Payment of any fuch Duty, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to double the Amount of the Sum fo returned and charged, and which (hall be fo payable as aforefaid ; and every fuch Officer (hall and he is hereby required to leave a true Copy of fuch Returns in Writing under his Hand with every fuch Paper Maker or at fuch Paper Mill.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the Commencement of this A3, no Licence (hall be granted to any Perfon or Perfons to keep any Mill for making Paper, unlefs each and every Engine for making Paper in fuch Mill (hall contain Fifty Cubic Feet at the lead, the Content of fuch Engine to be computed and afcer-tained according to the greated Length, Depth and Breadth thereof, purfuant to the Regulations and Directions of this A3; any thing in the faid recited A3 of the Fifty fixth Year aforefaid, or in any other A3 or A3s to the contrary notwithftanding ; and the Content of every fuch Engine (hall be fpecified and mentioned in the Licence to be granted to any Perfon or Perfons to keep any Mill for making Paper, and the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Licence (hall be granted (hall be chargeable with Duty for and in refpe3 of each and every fuch Engine at the lead according to the Content which (hall be fpecified and mentioned in fuch Licence as the Content of fuch Engine.

IV.	Provided always, and be it ena3ed. That nothing herein contained (hall extend to prohibit or prevent the granting of any Licence to any Perfon or Perfons who, on or before the Fifth Day of Augufi One thonfand eight hundred and (ixteen, was or were licenfed to keep any fuch Mill or Mills in which every or any Engine kept therein for making Paper was of lefs Content than Fifty Cubic Feet, nor to prohibit or prevent the granting of any fuch Licence to any Perfon or Perfons who fince the faid Fifth Day of Augufi One thoufand eight hundred and (ixteen, for the fird time obtained a Licence to keep fuch Mill or Mills in which any Engine or Engines kept therein for making Paper was or were of lefs Content than Fifty Cubic Feet, and who (hall have fuch Licence in force at the commencement of this A3: Provided neverthelefs, that it (hall not be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons fo licenfed to reduce any Engine in fuch Mill which at the time of the paffingof this A3 (hall contain Fifty Cubic Feet or more to any Content lets than Fifty Cubic Feet; and if any Perfon (hall fo reduce any fuch Engine, the Licence of fuch Perfon (hall be and is hereby declared to be void.

V.	And be it further ena3ed. That if the Content of any Engine, to be computed and afcertained according to the Dire3ions of this A3, of which an Account, Return or Notice (hall have been given

H 8	purfuant

Duty to be paid within Three Months.

Penalty.

Officer to leave Copy of Return with Paper Maker.

No Licence granted unlefs the Engine contain 50 Cubic Feet.

Content of Engine fpecified in Licence.

Prorifo for granting

Licences to Perfons who were licenfed'on or before Aug. 5, x 816, having Engines of lefs Content than 50 Cubic Feet, or to Perfons having fince obtained for the Firft Time, Licence in force.

ReducingEngine, Licence void.

If Content of Engine exceed by Three Cubic Feet the Num-

102

C; 41.

58t OEO. IIL

A.D. 1819.

her mentioned in Return,

Penalty 50L Officer to make a Return of Charge in re-fpeft of the in-created Contents of the Engine]

fuch Duty to be paid in 14 Days. Penalty.

Maker to make a new Return.

Penalty aol.

56 G. 3. c. 78.

§3*.

repealed.

Paper Maker to enter in Specimen Paper, the Dates of Notices, flee

Penalty jot

Paper haring fame Number and Date on Wrapper of Two or more Reams, forfeited.

purfuaot to the Provifions of the faid recited Ad of the Fifty fixth Year aforefaid, fhali be difeovered by any Officer of Excife to exceed by Three Cubic Feet the Number of Cubic Feet which (hall have been mentioned in fuch Return, Account or Notice, aa being the Content of fuch Engine, the Paper Maker in whofe Mill fuch Engine fhali be found of fuch greater Content fhali, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds ; and it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Officer of Excife, and he is hereby required, within Ten Days after fuch Difcovery, to make a Return to the Colledor or other Officer in Charge of the Colledion of the Diftrid in which fuch Mill (hall be fituate, of all Sum or Sums of Money chargeable in refped of fuch increased Content of fuch Engine, from the time mentioned in the laft previous Notice of the commencing or recommencing the working of fuch Engine, to and upon the Fifth Day of the Month in which it (hall have been difeovered that the Content of fuch Engine was fo increafed, and fuch Return (hall be a Charge on every fuch Paper Maker, who (hall pay the Duty appearing by fuch Return to be due and payable, within Fourteen Days next after fuch Return (hall have been made, or in default of fuch Payment (hall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Duty fo returned and charged; and every fuch Paper Maker (hall continue to be chargeable in refped of the full Content of fuch Engine fo long as fuch Engine (hall be chargeable on working ; and fuch Paper Maker (hall, within Ten Days after fuch Charge (nail be made in refped of the Increafe of fuch Engine, make a new and corred Return of the Content of fuch Engine to the proper Officer, or in default thereof (hall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That fo much of the faid recited Ad of the Fifty (ixth Year aforefaid, as requires any Officer of Excife vifiting the Mill of any Papf r Maker to enter on the Specimen Paper at fuch Mill all Notices given of the weighing of any Paper, and the Quality and different Claffes, Denomination and Kind of Paper to be weighed, ftamped, marked or labelled by the Officer, (hall, from and after the Commencement of this Ad, be and the fame is hereby repealed; and from and after the Commencement of this Ad, every Paper Maker who in and by the faid recited Ad of the Fifty fixth Year aforefaid is required to give any Notice of weighing any Paper, (hall, before ferving of any fuch Notice, and he is hereby required and direded, by himfelf or herfelf, or by his or her principal Clerk; to ffiiter and infert in Writing, in the Specimen Paper to be kept in the Mill of fuch Paper Maker, the Date of all fuch Notice and Notices which (hall purfuant to the Provifions of the faid recited Ad be given to weigh any Paper, and (hall in every fuch Entry fpecify and declare the Quantity and different Claffes, Denominations and Kind of Paper to be weighed refpednrelj; and if any Paper Maker (hall omit or negled to infert or caule to be inferted the Particulars aforefaid in fuch Specimen Paper, every fuch Paper Maker (hall for every fuch Omiffion or Negled forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That whenever there (hall be found in the Mill, Manufadory or other Place of any Paper Maker, Two or more Reams of Paper of the fame Clafs, on the Covers or Wrappers whereof the fame Number and Date of the Charge of Duty

(hall be 1 ' "	1

and ma

5a0 geo. hl

C. 41.

103

fuch Reams of Paper (hall be forfeited#

VUl. And be it turther enafted, That if any Paper (hall be Paper convey found conveying otherwife than ip Reams from the Mill or Manu- *?*£rom.the .r faftory of any Paper Maker# then all fuch Paper (hall be forfeited, thaVin Rewn^ and may be feized by any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife, together forfeited,and with the Package or Packages containing the fame ; and every Horfe may be £*utd or other Beaft, Cart, Car or other Carriage, Boat or other Veffel, with Package, ufed in removing or conveying the fame, mall alfo be forfeited and &c* may be feized \ and upon the Trial of any Information for the For- obus Probandi feiture of any fuch Paper which (hall be found conveying as afore- on Claimant, faid, the Proof of the Perfon from whom, and the Place from which fuch Paper as aforefaid (hall be conveying, (hall lie upon the Claimant or Claimants, apd not op tfie Officer or Perfon promeuting fuch Information.

IX,	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon (hall counter- Forging the

frit or forge, or caufe to be counterfeited or forged, the Name of Officer** Name any Officer of Excife upon any Cover or Wrapper of or belonging to onk^n^uch" or ufed with or upon any Ream or Quantity of Paper, or upon any r»ufo2vU&c Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or	’

Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, or if any Perfoa

(hall have in his or her Cuftody or PolTeffion, or (hall utter, vend or fell any Paper with the Name of any fuch Officer counterfeited or forged on the Cover or Wrapper of luch Paper, or any Pafteboard,

Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper,

Button Paper or Button Board, with the Name of any fuch Officer counterfeited or forged thereon, then aod in every fuch cafe every fuch Perfon fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum Penalty xook of One hundred Pounds.

X.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for officer may en* any Officer or Officers of Excife from time to time and all times, by ter Mills of Day or by Night, but jf in the Night then in the Prefence of a Con- p?rfon» yhofe (table or other Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every the Liomceb ex-Mill or Mills, or other Places of any Perfon whofe Licence for Keep- pir

ing any Mill or Mills for makiug Paper (hall have expired, to view

and examine the State of fuch Mill, and of every Engine, Vat, Wet

Prefr or other Uterfi therein; and if any fuch Perfon, or his or her Refuting Eq- -

Servant, (hall not, on Demand made by any Officer of Excife at fuch trtnee,

Mill, or at the Dwelling Houfr of fuch Perfon, admit fuch Officer

into foch Mill or other Place, or (hall not permit fuch Officer to view

and examine all and every fuch Engines, Vats and Wet Preffes, or

Other Uteafil, or to do and perform any Aft, matter and thing which

(hall or may be the Duty of fuch Officer to do or perform, every

frch Perfon (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sam of Fifty Pensltyjol.

Pound?*

XL And be it further enafted, That at or immediately after the Engines to be Expiration of any Licence granted to any Perfon to keep a MU1 for	*nd

making Paper, it (hall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excife, and frch Officer is hereby required, to faften and lock each and every pintion of Engine in fucb Mill, in fuch manner as the Gommiffioners of Inland Licences, Excife and Taxes in Ireland* or any Three of them, (hall efireft aaid appoint; and for that Purpofe it ffiaU and may he lawful for the (aid Commiffioners, or any Three of them, from time to time to make and iffue fuch Orders ana Direftions as they (hall think expedient for

H 4

the

C. 41.

58® GEO. III.

A.D.181S.

Perfons difobey-iog Com m i f-fioners* Orders. Peoilcy 50L O bfl ru&ing Officers, or if . Engine not locked, by Default of Perfons, &c.

Penalty xoaL

Within Six Days after the Expiration of Licence, Roller, Plate, Sec. of Engine, to be removed to the Excife Stores.

Refuting to remove Roller, &c.

Penalty iooL

56 G.3.C.78. I 9®

§J3-

the fattening or locking of any fuch Engine, and all and every fuch Orders and Directions (hall be complied with 5 and if any Perfon whofe Licence (hall have fo expired (hall refufe or negledl to comply with or obey any fuch Orders or Directions, every fuch Perfon (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if any Officer (hall be prevented from faitening and locking each and every fuch Engine, or in cafe of fuch Mill being locked and no Perfon appearing to give Entrance to fnch Officer, or If any fuch Engine (hall in any Event not be fattened or locked in manner aforefaid by Default of any fuch Perfon, or if at any time fubfequent to the time when any fuch Engine (hall have been fattened or locked, any fuch Engine (hall be found not to be fattened and locked, or if any Roller, Plate, Lighter or BratTes (hall be found in any Engine after the Expiration of the Licence which (hall have been granted to fuch Perfon, until fuch Engine (hall be again duly fet to work under a new Licence for the Mill in which fuch Engine (hall be kept, then every fuch Perfon (hall, in each and every the refpeftive cafe and cafes aforefaid, forfeit the Snm of One hundred Pounds.	•

XII.	And be it further enadted, That in all cafes where any Perfon (hall at the Expiration of any Licence granted to fuch Penon to keep any Mill or Mills for making Paper, difeontinue the Trade or Bufinefs of a Paper Maker, every luch Perfon (hall, within Six Days next after the Expiration of fuch Licence, difplace and remove, or caufe to be difplaced and removed, clear out ot each and every Engine, the Roller, Plate, Lighter and Brafles belonging to fuch Engine, and (hall fend or convey luch Roller, Plate, Lighter and Brafles to the Excife Stores of the DiftridI in which the Mill of fuch Perfon (hall be fituate, there to be kept until the fame (hall be returned to the Proprietor thereof under a new Licence, or under the Order of the Commiffioners of Excife ; and if any fuch Perfon (hall negledl or refufe to difplace and remove, or caufe to be difplaced and removed, in manner aforefaid, every fuch Roller, Plate, Lighter and Bralfes, or (hall negledl or refufe to fend or convey all and every Roller, Plate, Lighter or BrafTes within the time aforefaid, to the Excife Stores as aforefaid, every fuch Perfon (hall, for every fuch Negledl or Refufal, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIII.	And be it further enadted, That fo much of the faid recited Adi of the Fifty fixth Year aforefaid as enadls, that if the Content of any Engine (hall exceed by Three Cubic Feet the Number of Cubic Feet mentioned in any Return, Account or Notice, as being the Content of fuch Engine, the Paper Maker (hall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and as authorizes the Officer to make fuch Return as in faid Adi mentioned, in rtfpeft of the increafed Content of fuch Engine, and as makes fuch Return to be a Charge on fuch Paper Msiker, and as impofes any Penalty on fuch Paper Maker for not paying the Amount of fuch Return, and alfo fo much and fuch Parts of the faid Adi of the Fifty fixth Year aforefaid as enadts, that it (hall not be lawful for any Paper Maker to fend or deliver any Ream of Paper, or any Parcel of Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, or Button Paper or Button Board, out of the Mill or Manuradlory of fuch Paper Maker, without fuch Permit for the Removal thereof, as in the faid A6I is prescribed and diredled, and alfo fo much of the faid Adi as relates to any Requeft Note or Requifitxon for any fuch Permit, and as relates

to

A.D. 1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. 41

105

to the Lofs of any fuch Permit, or to the enlarging the time of the Force thereof, or as requires any Officer granting or renewing any Permit to examine on Oath the Perfon or Perfons applying for fuch Permit, and alfo as requires any fuch Permit to be delivered up to the Surveyor or Gauger, and alio as relates to any Certificate on the Back of any fuch Permit, and alfo fo much of the faid recited Aft at impofes any Fine, Penalty, Forfeiture or Punifhment for and in refpeft or in any ways relating to any Permit for the Removal of any Paper, Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, or Button Paper or Button Board, (hall ceafe and determine, and /hall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed \ fare and except fo far as the faid recited Claufes or Pro-vifions hereby repealed relate or relates to the charging, fuing for, recovering, levying, paying or accounting for any Duties or Arrears of Duties, or any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture which /hall or may have been incurred or become due on or before the Commencement of this Aft ; and that all and every the faid Claufes and Provifions fhall be and remain in full Force and Effeft for the charging, fuing for, recovering, levying, paying or accounting for the faid Duties and Arrears thereof, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, as if this Aft had not been made.

4 XIV. And Whereas it is expedient that a Drawback or Allow-4 ance of Duty /hould be given for Paper ufed in printing the feveral 4 Books hereafter mentioned at the Prefs of the College of the Holy 4 and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin;* Beit therefore enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland for the time being, upon being fatisfied that the Duty of Excife (hall have been fully paid for any Quantity of Paper of the Firft Clafs which /hall be ufed in the printing of Bibles, Tefiaments, Pfalm Books and Books of Common Prayer of the Church of England and Ireland, or in the printing of any Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental or Northern Languages, or in the printing of any Confeffion of Faith, or the larger or /horter Catechifm, or any or them, at the Prefs of the faid College, to pay and allow to the faid College, or to the Perfon or Perfons refpeftively authorized to receive the fame on behalf of the faid College, a Drawback or Allowance of Three pence per Pound Weight for all fuch Paper fo ufed as aforefaid, under the Conditions and Regulations hereinafter mentioned and exprefied ; that is to fay, nothing in this Aft contained /hall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend, to entitle the faid College, or any Perfon or Perfons on behalf of the faid College, to receive any fuch Drawback or Allowance, unlefs the faid Paper /hall have vifible in the Subftance thereof a Mark commonly called a Water Mark, of the Date of the prefent Year of our Lord, in the following Figures, 1818, or of fome fub-fequent Year of our Lord, nor unlefs the Chief Manager of the Prefs of the faid College /hall at leaft Forty eight Hours before any fuch Paper is begun to be prepared for printing, give or caufe to be given to the Surveyor of Excife of the Walk in which the Prefs of the faid College /nail be kept, or other Officer authorized by the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, in that behalf, a Notice in Writing of the Intention to print fuch Paper, fpecifying in fuch Notice the Number of Reams or Bundles of fuch Paper lo intended to be printed, and the Name

and

§54. 155*

§5*

§57-

except fo far as relates to recovering Arrears of Duties and Penalties, repealed.

Drawback of Duty allowed on Paper ufed in the printing of Bibles,&c. at the Prefs of Trinity College of Queen Elisabeth near Dublin.

Condition!.

106

C. 41.

58* GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Certificate of weighing. Sec, to be given by the Surveyor to the Manager of the Prefs.

Manager of the PreCi to fub-feribe ou the Back of Certificate an Oath of the Quantity and Weight of Paper ufed, and other the matter! herein mentioned.

and Names of the Book or Books fo intended to be printed, and in what Language fuch Book or Books is or are intended to be printed, aod of what Size the intended Impreffion or Edition of fuch Book or Books is to be, and of how many Copies the intended Impreffion or Edition thereof is to confift, nor unlefs all fuch Paper (hall be produced to fuch Surveyor or Officer enclofed in the original Covers or Wrappers in which luch Paper was charged with Duty, with the Im-preflion of the Stamp, and the Chriftian Name and Surname of the proper Officer, and the Date of the Charge, with the Clafs of fuch Paper, and the feveral. matters by Law preferibed and dire&ed to be marked, written or printed, remaining on fuch Covers or Wrappers refpe&ively ; nor unlefs fuch Chief Manager of the Prefs of the (aid College (hall provide good andfufficient Scales and Weights, and (hall permit and affift fuch Officer to ufe the fame for the Purpose of ascertaining the true Quantity and Weight of fuch Paper; nor unlefs the Chief Manager of the Prefs of the faid College (hall, in like manner, within One Month next after the whole of fuch Impreffion or Edition (hall have been printed off, dried and finilhed, give or caufe to be given to the Surveyor of Excife of the (aid Walk, or other Officer fo authorized as aforefaid, Forty eight Hours’ Notice in Writing of fuch Impreffion or Edition being printed off, dried and iinifhed; and thereupon fuch Surveyor or other Officer (hall attend and infpe&, examine and weigh the whole of fuch Impreffion or Edition unbound and in Sheets, and (hall thereupon give and deliver to fuch Chief Manager of the Prefs of the faid College, a Certificate in Writing of his having done fo, fpecifying therein the Name of fuch Book, together with the Size thereof, and the Number of Copies of which fuch Impreffion or Edition confifts, and the Weight of the Paper on which the fame is printed; but if fuch Weight (hall exceed the Weight of the Paper actually produced to and taken Account of by the proper Officer previous to the printing thereof as aforefaid, then and in fuch Cafe fueh Weight previous to the printing thereof (hall be inferted in fuch Certificate, and the Allowance (hall be made for no greater Quantity or Weight than the Weight fpecified in fuch Certificate; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithffanding.

XV. Provided alfo, That no fuch Drawback or Allowance (ball be given, unlefs the Chief Manager of the Prefs of the faid College (hall make and fnbfcribe on the Back of fuch Certificate an Oath in

Writing before the faid Commiffiooers of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Two or more of them, (which Oath they the faid Commit-fioners are hereby authorized and empowered to adminifter,) of the Quantity and Weight of the Paper actually made ufe of in the printing of any fuch Impreffion or Edition of fuch Books, or any of them, as the Cafe may require, and that fuch Chief Manager of the Prefs of the faid College believes that all Duty by Law impofed for or in refpeft of fuch Paper ufed ia the printing of fuch Impreffion or Edition has been fully paid, and that no Drawback or Allowance has been before claimed or paid for or in refpe& of fuch Paper or any Part thereof, and that the whole of the {aid Impreffion or Edition has been printed at the ufuai aod ordinary Printing Houfe of the (aid College, under the Authority aod Permiffion proper for that Purpofc.

XVI. Aod

58° GEO. lit

107

C. 41,42,48.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That all the Powers and Pro- Powers of vifions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, matters 56 G. 3. c. 78. and things contained in the faid recited Ad of the Fifty fixth Year applied to this aforefaid, (hail be applied and put in Pradice in the Execution of

this Ad, as fully and effedually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were repeated and reenaded in this Ad, fo far as the fame are compatible and confident with the Provifions of this Ad, and except to far as the fame are exprefsly altered or .repealed by this Ad.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That all Penalties and For- Recovery aim! feitures under this Ad (hall be paid and payable according to the Application of Amount thereof in Briti/b Currency, and (nail be levied, colleded, Penalties, as by fued for, recovered, mitigated and applied in fuch manner and under

fuch Powers and Authorities, and by fuch Ways and Methods, and according to fuch Rules and Diredions, as are appointed, direded and exprefled for the Recovery or Mitigation of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Ad made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and 14 k 15 C. a. Fifteenth Years of His late Majefty King Cbarite the Second, inti- (I) tuled An AQ for fettling the Excife or new Impojl upon Hit Majejly,

Hie Heirt and SucceJforef according to the Book of Ratee therein

infkrted; or in and by an Ad made in the Forty fixth Year of His 46 G.3. e.xc6,

prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to provide for the better

Execution of the feveral A8t relating to the Revenues > matt ere and

thinge under the Management of the Commiftonert of Cuftome and

Port Duties^ and of the Commiffionert of Inland Excife and Taxes,

in Ireland ; or in and by any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland

relating to the Revenues of Excife, as fully and effedually to all

Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were herein repeated and reenaded9

with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties

aggrieved, as in and by the faid recited Ad of the Fourteenth and

Fifteenth Years of His late Majefty King Charles the Secoud, or

any other Ad or Ads, as aforefaid, is provided.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded. That this Ad may be altered, aa may be al-

amended or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be pafied in this prefent tered, Ac. this Seffion of Parliament.	Seffioo.

XIX.	And be it further eaaded. That this Ad (hall commence Commence' and take Effed from and after the Fifth Day of July One thouiand mentof Ad. eight hundred and eighteen.

CAP. XLII.

An Ad for enabling the Truftee of certain Premifes at Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk, held in Truft for His Majefty, to execute a Conveyance of the fame to a Purchafer thereof.	[28th May 1818.]

CAP. XLm.

An Ad for preventing the Deftrudion of the Breed of Salmon, and FHh of Salmon Kind, in the Rivers of England.

[a8th May 1818.]

4 TTTHEREAS Provifion has been made, in various Ads of 4 W Parliament, for preventing the Deftrudion of Salmon, and 4 other Fifli of the Salmon Kind, in the feveral Rivers in England 4 named therein, and in Eftuaries aad Arms of the Sea near the

4 Mouths

108

C. 43#

58° GEO. III.

A.D.18I a

Juftices at Sections to appoint Confervators of Rivers.

Quarter Sections to fix Periods in which Salmon (hall not be taken, Sec,

D*ftroyiog Salmon, or the Brood, Spawn or Fry thereof.

Provifo for Angling.

Firft Offence.

Second and fob* fequent Offence.

*	Mouths of the faid Rivers; and it would be of great public Advan-

*	tage if fuch Prote&ion fhould be afforded generally in all Rivers

*	throughout England;9 Be it therefore enafted by The Kin^s Moff Excellent Maiefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of tne Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by tne Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this A£k it lhall be lawful for the Juftices of the Peace, affembled at any Geheral or Quarter Seflions of the Peace, from time to time to appoint Confervators or Overfeers for* the Preservation of the Salmon, and Fifh of the Salmon Kind, and the Brood, Spawn and Fry thereof, and preventing the Deftru&ion thereof, and enforcing for that Purpofe the Provifions of this A6k within the Limits of tne Jurifdi&ion of fuch Juftices, and within the Limits of which they lhall be fo appointed.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That where no Provifion is made by any A6t now in force for limiting the times within which it lhall be lawful to take Salmon, or Fifh of the Salmon Kind, in any of the Rivers in England\ it lhall be lawful for the Juftices of the Peace afting for the feveral Counties, at their feveral Quarter Seflions of the Peace, and they are hereby required, at the Requeft of any Perfon, fuch Perfon having firft given Notice, in fome Newfpaper ufually circulated within the County, of his Intention to apply to the faid Quarter Seflions in that behalf, to fix certain Days, not exceeding One hundred and fifty Days in each Year, for each River within their refpeftive Counties, to be Fence Days for the feveral Rivers refpedkively; during which time it lhall not be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons whatever to take, kill or deftroy, or attempt to take, kill or deftroy, any Salmon or Salmon Trout, or Filh of the Salmon Kind, or any Brood, Spawn or Fry of fuch Filh; and the faid Juftices are hereby further empowered, at any General Quarter Seflions, to vary annuSlly the Number of fuch Days, and the Periods at which they lhall commence, as they lhall think fit.

III.	And be it ena&ed. That if any Perfon or Perfons lhall at any time hereafter purfue, take, kill or deftroy, or feek or endeavour to take, kill or deftroy, purfue, hurt or injure any Salmon or Salmon Kind, by laying or ufing any hot Lime or Filth, or Material or Drug pernicious to Filh, or ufing any Water in which any Green Lint or Flax has been fteeped, or letting off ftagnated Water, or any Water impregnated with any Material or Drug pernicious to Filh; or if any Perfon lhall ufe or employ any fuch Means as aforefaid, or ufe any Fire or Light or White Obje£k, or lay down any Kind of Net, Engine or Device, or wilfully do or commit, or caufe to be done or committed, any A6k whatfoever, in any River, Water, Rivulet, Stream, Mill Dam, Mill Sluice, Cut, Pool or Pond, communicating therewith, for the Deftru&ion of the Brood, Spawn or Small Fry of Salmon therein (Angling excepted) ; or if any Perfon lhall hereafter make, ereft or let any Bank, Dam, Hedge or Stank, Net or Nets, or place any Fire or Fires, Light or Ligtits, or any White Objed or Obje&s, fo that the young Fry or young Salmon be prevented from going down from fuch Rivers, Rivulets or other Waters communicating therewith as aforefaid, or any of them, every fuch Perfon fo offending lhall for every fuch Firft Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor lela than Five Pounds, * and for every Second and lubfequent Offence any Sum not exceeding

Fifteen

58° GEO. Ill

C.43,

109

Fifteen Pounds nor lefs than Ten Pounds, at the Difcretion of the Juftice or Juftices before whom the Offender or Offenders (hall be convi&ed, and (hall alfo forfeit all the Fifh, Spawn, Brood or Fry fo taken, and all the Nets, Weapons, Lines, Inftruments, Boats, Devices or things ufed in the taking thereof.

IV. And be it further ena&ed, That no Perfon (hall, at any time after the Fir ft Day of September One thou fan d eight hundred and eighteen, take, kill or deftroy, or knowingly have in his or her PofTeffion, either on the Water or on the Shore, or (hall bring to Shore, or cry or carry about, fell, offer or expofe to or for Sale, or (hall exchange for any Goods, matter or thing, any Spawn, Fry or Brood of Fi(h, or any unfizeable Fifh, or any Kepper or Shedder Salmon, being unfeafonable Salmon, commonly called Old Salmon, or any Salmon caught in any River during the Periods when fifhing for Salmon is prohibited under the Provifions of any Law now in force, or when the fame (hall be prohibited by any Order to be made by the Juftices at their Seffions as hereinbefore provided ; and it (hall be lawful for any Confervator or Overfeer thereof, or any other Perfon, under the Authority of this A&, to take and feize all or any fuch Spawn, Fry or Brood of Fifh, or fuch other Fifh as aforefaid, wherever the fame fhall be found, together with all Bafkets and Package in which the fame fhall be fo found or taken, and to deliver the Perfon on whom the fame may be found to a Conftable or other Peace Officer; and after every fuch Seizure fhall be made, the Spawn, Fry or Brood, or other Fifh as aforefaid, together with the Bafkets and Package in which the fame fhall be fo feized, fhall be delivered into the Hands of fome Conftable or other Peace Officer; and every fuch Conftable or other Peace Officer is hereby authorized and required to take every fuch Offender with whom he fhall be fo charged for any fuch Offence into his Cuftody, and alfo the Spawn, Fry or Brood of Fifh, and fuch other Fifh as aforefaid, and all Baftcets and Packages in which the fame fhall be fo feized, and which fhall be delivered to fuch Conftable or other Peace Officer as aforefaid, and to carry fuch Offender, and all fuch Spawn, Fry or Brood of Fifh, and fuch other Fifh as aforefaid, together with the Bafkets and Package as aforefaid, which fhall have been delivered to any fuch Conftable or other Peace Officer, with all convenient Speed, before fome Juftice or Juftices or Magiftrate of the County, City or Place where the Offence fhall be committed, for fuch Offender to .be dealt with according to Law; and on the Con vision of any fuch Offender or Offenders for any fuch Offence, before any fuch Juftice or Juftices or Magiftrate as aforefaid, every fuch Offender fhall forfeit all and every fuch Spawn, Fry or Brood of Fifh, unfizeable Fifh and Fifh out of Seafon, which fhall be fo feized, together with all Bafkets or Package in which the fame fhall be fo feized ; and all fuch Spawn, Fry or Brood of Fifh, or fuch other Fifh as aforefaid, together with fuch Bafkets and Package in which the fame fhall have been fo feized as aforefaid, fhall, by Order of the Juftice or Juftices before whom the fame fhall be fo brought, be delivered to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have fo feized the fame, and fhall profecute to Convi&ion any fuch Offender; and every Offender who fhall be fo convi&ed as aforefaid of any fuch Offence, fhall beftdes forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor lefs than Five Pounds.

Killing, taking, having in Pof-feflion, felling. Sec. Spawn, Fry or Brood of Filh or unfizeable Fifli, See.

Confervator may feize together with Package, Stc.

Proceedings.

Conviction.

Penalty.

Penalty.

V. Pro-

no

C. 43.

58® GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

Provifo for Nets, &c. lawfully ufed, and for prefent Modes of Fiihing except as prohibited by this Aft.

Recovery of Penalties.

Oath to Wit-neflTes admini-ilered by Juftices of Peace, &c.

Juftice may commit Party »ot paying Penalty to Com. mon Gaol, Ac.;

or levy Penalty by Dinrefs.

V.	Provided aifo, and be it further enafted, That nothing herein contained (hall extend or be deemed or conftrued to legalize, nor to demolifh, take away or deftroy any Net, Fifh Lock, Coop, Bay or other Work, which (hall have been or may hereafter be lawfully erefted, put, placed, fixed or ufed in any fuch Arm of the Sea, or Eftuary or Mouth of any River, or in or upon any Bank, Sand or Shore thereof, or near thereto, or in or near any River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream, Pond, Pool or other Water, Mill Lead, Mill Dam, Sluice, or Cut, which runs into or otherwife communicates therewith, or to the prefent Modes or Methods ufed for taking and killing Fifh therein, other than and as are in this Aft particularly prohibited.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That every the pecuniary and other Penalties and Forfeitures by this Aft impofed may be fued for, recovered and adjudged, and every Offence againft this Aft heard and determined, by and before any One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace or Magiftrate for the County, Shire, Divifion, City or Place wherein any Offender againft this Aft fhall be or refide, or wherein or near to which the Offence or Offences fhall be committed, by and upon the Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, or by the Confeffion of the Party or Parties; which Oath or Oaths, Affirmation or Affirmations, every fuch Juftice of the Peace and other Magiftrates aforefaid are hereby authorized, empowered and required to adminifter accordingly; and in cafe any Perfon who fhall be convifted of any Offence or Offences againft this Aft, and fhall not immediately upon fuch Conviftion pay down the Penalty or Penalties, together with fuch Cofts of Suit or Profecution in which he, fhe or they fhall have been fo convifted or ordered to pay as aforefaid, into the Hands of the Juftice or Juftices of the Peace or Magiftrate as aforefaid, by and before whom he or (he (hall have been fo convifted, or other Perfon by them or any of them authorized to receive the fame, in order that the fame may be difpofed of and diftributed according to the Direftions of this Aft, it fhall be lawful for any fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace or Magiftrate aforefaid to order any Conftable or other Peace Officer to take the Charge of and keep in Cuftody any fuch Perfon fo convifted ; and immediately thereupon every fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace or Magiftrate is hereby authorized, empowered and required to grant his or their Warrant or Warrants in due Form of Law, under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, and thereby commit every fuch Offender to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correftion for the County, Shire, Divifion, City or Place for which fuch Juftice or Juftices or Magiftrates aforefaid fhall Aft, for fuch time or times hereinafter mentioned, unlefs the faid Penalty or Penalties and Cofts (hall refpeftively be fooner paid; or otherwife fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace or Magiftrate fhall and may grant his or their Warrant or Warrants in due Form of Law, under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to levy and recover the faid Penalty and Penalties and Cofts by Diftrefa and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels 5 and that all Penalties and Forfeitures which fhall be fo paid or levied as aforefaid, fhall from time to time be paid, applied and difpofed of as follows ; (that is to fay,) One Moiety thereof to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety, after defraying aH Cofts, Charges and Expences attending the Profecution, and tne levying and recovering of the Penalty, to the Overfeers

of

58° GEO. III.

C. 43.

Ill

of the Poor of the Parilh or Place where the Offence or Offences (hall hare been committed; and the Overplus of the Money levied remaining (if any there be) after any Penalty or Penalties, and all Cofts, Charges and Expences attending the levying and recovering thereof are dedu&ed, (which Coils, Charges and Expences (hall always be taxed, fettled and afcertained by and before the Juftice or Juflices of the Peace or Magi ft rate, as by or before whom any fuch Offender (hall be convi&ed,) (hall on Demand be returned to the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels fo diftrained \ and in cafe fufficient Diftrefs or Diftreffes (hall not be found, or fuch Penalty or Penalties and Cofts (hall not be immediately paid, that then it (hall be lawful for any fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace or Magiftrate, and he and they is and are hereby refpedtively authorized, empowered and required, for the firft Offence to commit every fuch Offender or Offenders to fuch Gaol or Houfe of Correction as aforefaid for any time not exceeding Four Months nor lefs than Two Months, for the Second Offence any time not exceeding Eight Months nor lefs than Six Months, and for the Third and every other Offence, for any time not exceeding Twelve Months nor lefs than Eight Months, there to be kept at hard Labour, and be and remain without Bail or Mainprize.

VII.	And be st further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace or Magiftrate, or any of them, and they are hereby required, upon Information being made to him or them upon Oath againft any Perfon or Perfons who (hall or may offend againft any thing contained in this A&, to grant his or their Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to apprehend any Perfon or Perfons fo offending, and caufe fuch Offender or Offenders to be brought before him or them, or (bme other fuch Juftice or other Magiftrate 5 or it (hall and may be lawful to and for any fuch Juftice or Juftices, or other Magiftrates as aforefaid, upon any Information made without Oath, to grant his or their Summons or Summonfes againft the Party charged with any fuch Offence or Offences, or for any Witnefs or Witneffes to prove any fuch Offence or Offences as aforefaid ; and if any fuch Perfon or Perfons who (hall be duly fummoned (hall neglect or refufe to appear at the Time and Place appointed by fuch Summons or Summonfes, every fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace or Magiftrates (hall and may, upon Oath being made of the Perfon or Perfons being fo duly fummoned, grant his or .their Warrant or Warrants, under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to apprehend and bring before him and them, or fome other fuch Juftice or Magiftrate as aforefaid, the Party or Parties who (hall negleft or refufe to appear after being duly fummoned as aforefaid ; and fuch Juftice or Juftices or other Magiftrates aforefaid (hall inquire into, hear and determine the Matter of every fuch Offence or Offences in a fummary Way.

VIII.	And be it further enadted. That no Owner, Farmer or Occupier of, or any Perfon otherwife interefted in any Fi(hery or Right of Fiftiing in any Arm of the Sea, River or other Water aforefaid, (hall be deemed an incompetent Witnefs to prove any Offence or Offences done or committed againft this A&, by reafon of his or her being fuch Owner, Farmer or Occupier.

If no Dtflrefi, then Party committed to Geo), &c. and kept to hard Labour.

Juftices, on receiving Information, may grant Warrants for apprehending Offenders;

or Summons and Warrant for Party or Wit-nefles;

and may determine fummarily.

Owners, Stc. of Fifheries may be Witnefles to prove Offences,

IX. And

C. 43.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

How Penalties may be fried for.

Form of Con-vi&ion.

Mo double Pro-fecutioo.

Appeal

IX-	And be it further enafted, That every pecuniary Penalty and Forfeiture impofed by this Aft may be recovered in a fummary manner according to the Provifions of this Aft, or may be fued for and recovered, together with full Coils of Suit, by and to the only proper Ufe and Behoof of any Perfon who (hall inform or fue for the fame in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminfer, by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Effoign, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance ihall be allowed.

X.	And be it further enafted, That every Conviftion of every Offender againft this Aft ihall be certified by the Juilice or Juffices of the Peace by and before whom the fame ihall be made, to the General Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be held in and for the County, Riding, Divifion, City or Place where the Offender or Offenders ihall be convifted, and (hall there be filed amongfl the Records of the faid SeiBons ; and every Conviftion ihall be in the Form of Words, or to the following Effeft :

*	T)E it remembered, That on the	Day	of

*	in the Year	jf.	B.	was,

*	upon the Complaint of C. D* convifted before me [or us] E. JF*.

‘ One [or Two] of His Majefty’s Juffices of the Peace [as the cafe € may be~\ for	in purfuance of an Aft

*	made in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His Majefty King

*	George the Third, [Infert the Title of the AB~\ for that the faid

*	[Jlate	the	Offence] [and if a Cafe in which

*	different Penalties are impofed for repeated Offences] this being the

*	Firft Offence, [Second or Third Offence, as the cafe may be~\ and

*	I [or we] do hereby adjudge him [her or them] to pay and forfeit

*	for the faid Offence, the Sum of	of	j

*	lawful Money of Great Britain, together the farther Sum of	|

*	for	Cofts of Suit and Profecution, to i

*	the faid C, D. Given under my Hand and Seal, [or our Hands I

*	and Seals, as the cafe may be~\ at	in	the County of

*	the Day and Year above written/

Which faid Conviftion and Adjudication (hall be good and valid in Law to all Intents and Purpofes, and (hall not be quaffied, fet afide or adjudged void or inefficient for want of Form only; and (hall not be liable to be removed by Certiorari or otherwife into His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench, or any other of His Maiefty’s Courts of Record at Wejtminjler, but (hall be deemed and ta£en to be final to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That where any Offender (hall be punifhed for any Offence by virtue of this Aft, fuch Offender (hall not again be profecuted nor incur any Penalty by virtue of any other Law or Statute now in force, or be liable to any other Punifhment for the fame Offence.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That every Perfon who (hall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by the Judgment of any Juffice of the Peace or Magiffrates in any of the Cafes aforefaid, may appeal to the Juffices of the Peace for the County, Shire, Divifion, City or Place where fuch Judgment (hall be given, at the then next or next but one General Quarter Seffions of the Peace ; but, that no fuch Appeal (hall be received, heard or determined, unlefs the Appellant or Appellants (hall, within Ten t)ays next after fuch Judgment,

and

A.D.1818.

58? GEO. III.

C. 43.

113

«md Twenty Days at the leaft before the holding1 of fnch Seffions, give and leave in Writing, as well at the public Office of the Clerk of the Peace for fuch County, Shire, Divifion, City or Place whexy fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be convi&ed* as to the Perfon or at the Dwelling Houfe of the Informer or Profecutor f, of his, her or their Intention to bring fuch Appeal, and (hall alfo enter iato a Recognizance before fuch Juftice or Juftices, in fuch Sum as any fuch Justice or Juftices of the Peace (hall think fit, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and likewife to pay the Cods of fuch Appeal, in cafe Judgment and Sentence (hall upon the hearing thereof be given againft the Appellant, within Ten Days next after the Determination thereof; and that the faid Juftices at their faid Seffion (hall and may, upon due Proof of fuch Notice given as aforefaid, hear and determine every fuch Appeal in a fumtnary Way, and (hall award or order to the Party in whofe beh|lf fuch Appeal (hall be determined, fuch Cofts and Charges as they m their Dif-cretion (hall think reasonable and juft to be paid by the Party or Parties againft whom fuch Appeal (hall be determined ; and in' cafe fuch Cofts aad Charges (hall not be paid within the Space of Tea Days next after the hearing and determining of fuch Appeal, the fame may be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons ordered to pay the fame, or his or their Surety or Sureties, in the fame manner and by the fame Means as all Diftreffes are ordered to be taken under or by virtue of this A#.

XIII. And be it further ena&ed, That no Action of Law (hall be brought or commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done or to be done by virtue or in Execution of this A#, until One Calendar Month after Notice thereof in Writing (hall have been given to the Perfon or Perfons againft whom fuch A&ion (hall be intended to be brought, or left at his, her or their laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode, fctting forth the Caufe of fuch Action, and containing the Name and Puce of Abode of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and alfo of his or their Attorney; and that every A&ion brought for any thingdone or to be done as aforefaid (hall be brought within the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Caufe of ■ A&ion or Complaint (hall arife, and (hall be laid and fued in the County, Shire, Divifion, City or Place where the Fa# (hall have been committed, and not elfewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants therein may plead the General Iffue, and give this A# and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by virtoe thereof; and alfo that it mall and may ’be lawful to and for fuch Perfon or Perfons, at any time before Action brought, to tender Amends to the Party complaining, or his or her Agent or Attorney, and in. cafe the fame is not accepted, to plead fuch Tender in bar to the A#ion, together with the Plea of Not Guilty, and any other Plea, with the Leave of the Court.; and if, on the Trial of luch A#ion, it (hall appear that the fame was brought before the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after fuch Notice (hall have been fo given or left as aforefaid, or after the End of Three Months next after the Caufe thereof (hall have arifen, or if fuch A&ion (hall have been brought or laid in any other County or Place, than as aforefaid, or after fufficient Tender of Amends (hall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, that then and in any of the Cafes aforefaid, the Jury (haft find a Verdi# for and 56 Geo. IIL	I	acquit

f Sic* Recognizance.

Seffions, on Proof of Notice, to determine Appeal and Cotta.

Diftrefs for Cofts,

Notice of A option* for executing this A£t,

Limitations of Adione.

General MTue.

Tender of Amends.

In wfcst cafe » Verdift for Defendants.

&t* GEO. III.

A.D. ISIS.

Double Cafts.

Limitation of Anions for Offences.

Provifo for former A&s;

end for the Rights of Minors;

and for the Rights of Cor. porationt, Col-leges, &c.;

and of the City of London;

And of Lord Mayor, as Con-fervator of the Thames, Ac.

56 O.l. c. lxxxiii. extended to this Att.

43 G.3.C.80,

C. 45, 44.

acquit the Defendant or Defendants in fnch Adson; or if the Plain* tiff or Plaintiffs (hall difeonthroe the fame after the Defendant or Defendants (hall hare appeared^ or (hall be nonfuited, and if, upon Demurrer, Judgment (hall be green again ft: the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in fnch A&ion (hall have Double Cofts, and have the like Remedies for recovering the fame as Defendants have for recovering their Cofts in other Cues at Law; and that no Adion, Suit, Information or other Proceeding whatsoever fhaU be brought or commenced againft any Perfon or Perform for any Offence or Offences againft this A A, unlefs the fame (hall be laid or commenced within Six Calendar Months next after any fucb Of-ence or Offences (hall have been committed.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend or alter any Ad or^Ada of Parliament, or any Claufe, Provifion, Regulation or Penalty or Forfeiture contained in any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force for the Regulation of any Fi(hery dr Fifheries, or the Preservation thereof, or of the Brood, Spawn or Fry of Fi(h, in any particular County or Arm of the Sea, Eftuary or River.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That nothing herein contained (hall extend to affed the Rights of any Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any Manors and it flail be lawful for fuch Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, and they are hereby required to appoint Confervators for the Protedion of any River or Rivers within their refpedive Manors.

XVI.	Provided alSo, and it is hereby enaded, That nothing is this Ad contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to prejudice or derogate from the Rights, Interefts, Privileges, Franchises or Authority of any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or CoUegtate, or their Sncceffors, or to prohibit, defeat, alter or dhninifti arty Power, Authority or Jurifdidion which Such Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, at the time of the paffing of this Ad, did or might lawfully claim, ufe or exerctfe in any River or Rivera as aforefaid.

XVII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby enaded and declared. That •nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend or be conftrued to esteod, to prejudice or derogate from the Rights, Interefts, Privileges,'Franchises or Authority of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or their Sncceffors, or the Lord Mayor of the fold City for the time being, or to prohibit, defeat, alter ofr dimi» nifti any Power, Authority or Jurifdidion^ which, at the time of making this Ad, the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or the Lord Mayor of the laid City for the time being, as Confervator of the River Tkamot and Waters of jlfefawy, did or might lawfully daim, ufe or exercife.

•

CAP. XLIV.

An A£1 to alter the Application of Part of the Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds granted by-an A paled in the Fifty fixth Tear of die Reign of His prefent Majeftyv Intituled A8

fir improving the Road front the City <J Glafgour to tit City of Cadifle. .	[a8dl	*8t8.]

CAP.

58° GEO. IIL

(a 45.

115

CAP. XLV.

An AEt for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous PariQies.	[30th May 1818.]

WHEREAS the Population of Great Britain,9*6 more parti* cularly in the Metropolis and its Vicinity, and in other Cities * and great Towns, has greatly increased, and the Churches and * Chapels now exifting in the Metropolis and its Vicinity, and in 4 many great and populous Parifhes and Extra Parochial Places, are 4 inadequate to the Accommodation of the Inhabitants thereof: And 4 Whereas it is therefore neceflary that fuch Evil (hould be remedied, 4 and that additional Churches and Chapels for the Celebration of * Divine Service, according to the Rites of the United Church of ‘ England and Ireland, as by Law eftahlifhed, (hould be ere&ed and 4 maintained in fnch Parilhes and Places, and that a certain Number 4 of free Seats (hould be made therein: And Whereas His Royal 4 Highnefa the Prince Regent, a&ing in the Name and on the beT * half of His Majefty, is defirous of aiding His Subje&s in the 4 eftabli filing additional Churches in fuch Panfiies and Places as may 4 require the fame;’ May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of die Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commous, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it (hall be lawful for The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by Warrant or Warrants under His Royal Sign Manual, to authorize and empower the Commiftioners of His Majefty’a Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland now or for the time being, or any Three or more of them; or the Lord High Treafurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, to caufe or diredfc any Num*-ber of Exchequer Bills to be made out at His Majefty’s Exchequer at fVcJlminJlcr, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One Million, in the fame or like manner. Form and Order, and according to the fame or like Rules and Dire&ions (except where other Directions for making out the fame are contained and particularly exprefted in this ACt), as in and by an A€t made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for regulating the iffuing and Paring off of Exchequer Bills, are enaCted and prefcribed.

IL And be it further $naAed, That all and every the Claufes, Provifoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Difabilities contained m the faid recited AtiL of the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, fiiall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in purfuance of this A&, as fully and cffe&ually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the faid feverai Claufes or Provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-cna&ed in the Body of this Aft.

III.	And be it further ena&ed. That the (aid Exchequer Bilh to be made out in purfuance of this A&*(hall and may bear an Intereft not exceeding the Rate of Two pence per Centum per Diem upon or in refpe& of the whole of the Monies refpe&ively contained therein, and the. Principal and Intereft thereof refpeaively (hall be made payable at fuch Periods as (hall be fixed by the faid Commiftioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or any Three or more of them, or the faid Lord nigh Treafurer for the time being: but neverthelefs fo as that

12	all

His Majefty may authorise Commillionera of Treafury to ilfue Exchequer Bills not ex. etri-ing One Million.

48 G. 3. c.i.

Powers of 48 G. 3. c. 1. extended to Exchequer Bills made out under this AO.

Bills to bear an Intereft of Two pence per Cent, per Diem.

C. 45.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Times when payable.

Such Bills not Co be exchanged for Money by Col-k&or, flee. before the Day appointed for their Payment,flee.

nor A&ion for refufiug to Exchange.

Treafary to dire& Exchequer to HTue Bill* in O. B. agreeably to Certificates of Com-tniffionera.

Total Amount.

Date and Signature of Exchequer Bdli.

all fuch Bills ns (hall be advanced for the carrying the Purpofes of this AA into Execution, (hall be made payable within Three Years from the ifluing thereof; and the principal Sum contained in every fuch Bill, and with fuch Intereft as aforefaid, (hall be paid off and dif-ebarged upon the Days and times refpeAively appointed for the Payment thereof.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaAed, That all and every the Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this AA, or fo many of them as (hall from time to time remain undifeharged and uncancelled after the refpeAive Days on which they (hall become due and payable, (hall and may after that time pafs and be current to all and every the Receivers and ColleAors in Great Britain of the Cuf-toms, Excife or any Revenue, Supply, Aid or Tax whatfoever due or payable to His Majefty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, and alfo at the Receipt of Exchequer at Wefiminfler from the faid Receivers or ColleAors; but no fuch Receiver or ColleAor (hall exchange, at any time before the faid Day of Payment thereof, for any Money of fuch Revenues, Aids, Taxes or Supplies in his Hands, any Exchequer Bill which (hall have been iflued as aforefaid by virtue of this AA; nor (hall any A&ion be maintained again ft* fuch Receiver or ColleAor for negleAing or refufing to exchange any fuch Exchequer Bill for ready Mouey before the faid Day of Payment thereof, any thing in this A A to the contrary contained in any wife notwithftand-ing j and that fuch of the fame Bills as (hall be received at the faid Receipt of Exchequer (hall and may be locked up and fecured as C?(h, according to the Courfe of tUfe faid Exchequer fettled and eftablifhed by Law for locking up and fecuriug Monies received in Specie there.

V.	And be it further enaAed, That from time to time as the Com-miffioners for the Execution of this AA, to be appointed as is hereinafter provided, (hall find it necefiary to apply to the Purpofes thereof any Amount of fuch Bills to be advanced under the Provifions of this AA, the faid Commiffioners (hall forthwith reprefent the fame*to the faid Lord HighTreafurer or Lords Commiffioners of the Treafury of Great Britain and Ireland; and the faid Lord High Treafurer or Lords Commiffioners, or any Three or more of them for the time being, (hall thereupon, if fatisfied of fuch Neceffity, direA that fuch Portion of fuch Exchequer Bills (hall be iflued by the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Wejhninfter for the time being to the faid Commiffioners for the Execution of this AA | and the faid Auditor (hall, immediately on the Receipt of fuch DireAion, caufe and direA to be delivered to the Secretary of the faid Commiffioners, Exchequer Bills payable at fuch Periods and to fuch Amount as (hall in fuch DireAion be fpecified, provided that the Total Amount to be fo iflued by virtue of fuch Certificates (hall not at any one time exceed the Amount of Exchequer Bills direAed to be iflued under this AA; and every fuch Exchequer Bill (hall bear Date on the Day on which the faid DireAion mall be fo received by fuch Auditor, or fuch other Day as (hall in fuch DireAion be fpecified;- and all fuch Exchequer Bills (hall and may be figned by tie Auditor of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, or in his Name by any Perfon duly authorized by the faid Auditor to fign Exchequer Bflls.

VI. And

A.D. 181 a

58° GEO. III.

C. 45.

U7

VI.	And be it farther enaded, That the Officer or Officers of the Exchequer, by whom fuch Exchequer Bills (hall be delivered, (hall from time to time, upon Requisition of the faid Commiffioners for the Execution of this Ad, deliver or caufe to be delivered to them at their Office, complete Lifts of all the Exchequer Bills fo made out and delivered, fpecifying therein the refpedive Dates and Sums ex-preffed therein, and the Periods appointed for the Payment of the fame, and diftinguifti the Perfbns to whom and the Numbers of the Certificates by virtue whereof the fame refpedively were made out and delivered.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to His Majefty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer of Great Britain, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills ifTued under this Ad, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One Million; any thing in an Ad made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An A3 for grant • ing to Their Majejliet fevered Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of

. Ships and Vejfcls> tend upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors ; and for . feeuring certain Recompences and Advantages in the faid A3 mentioned, to fuch Perfons as Jhall voluntarily advance the Sum of One million Jive hundred thoufand Pounds towards carrying on the War again/l France, to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for His Majefty, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, to nominate, conftitute and appoint fuch Perfons as His Majefty (hall deem fit to be His Commiffioners for carrying into Execution the Purpofes of this Ad, and to order and dired in fuch Appointment that any Five or more of fuch Commiffioners may ad m the Execution of tne Powers of this Ad; and fuch Commiffion (hall continue in force for the Term of Ten Years from the Date of fuch Letters Patent, unlefs His Majefty (hall think fit fooner to alter or revoke the fame.

Lifts of Exchequer Bills made out to be delivered to Commiffioners.

Bank may advance Money on Credit of ACt.

W.ftM.

cso,

His Majefty empowered to appointCom-miffioners for executing A£t.

IX.	And be it further enaded. That the faid Commiffioners (hall Commiffionerr examine into the prefent State of the Pari(hes and Extra Parochial 10 «**nine th* Places in the Metropolis and its Vicinity, and in all other Parts of

England and Wales, lo far as conveniently may be, for the Purpofe of r> • afeertaining the Parifties and Places in which additional Churches or Chapels for the Perfoimance of Divine Service, according to the Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland as by Law efta-bliihed, are moft required, and the tmoft effedual and proper Means of affording fuch Accommodation.	■	:	•

X.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners

Commiffioners to appoint a Secretary and Clerk, and to employ fuch m*y *PPoint Surveyors and other fit Perfons to make Plans and Eftimates, and	“d

(if the Commiffioners (hall deem the fame neceflary) Surveys and surveysTlt™ Reports for the Purpofe of affording to the Commiffioners aU fuch ports, &c. sod Information as they may require for the Purpofe of afeertaining the* aflign reafon-beft Mode of providing nt and proper Accommodation for the largeft Salaries. Number of Perfons at the leaft Expence ; and may affign and pay

to all fuch Perfons reafonable Salaries or Rewards tor their Services therein.

XI. And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the Treafiiryto laid1 Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or any Three or iflue Money for

13	mote	defraying

C.45.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

Charges in-cuured in the Execution of t us of which ah Account (hall be laid before Par-1 ament.

Com mi®oners to draw up Rules for their Proceedings, add fix the Sums to be allowed for building Churches, and l*y fuch Rules before His Majefty in Council

Commiffioners may grant Money for the building the Churches in Parishes of certain Population, and in want of Accommodation.

more of them, or the Lord High Treafurer for the time being and they are hereby refpeftively authorized, to iflue and advance, or cade to be iflued and advanced, all fuch Sums of Money as (hall appear to them to be neceffary, to fuch Perfon or Perfons, m fuch manner and in fuch Proportions as the Commiffioners for the Execution of this Aft, or any Five or more of them refpeftively, (hall by Writing under their Hands from time to time defire, and as (hall be approved by the faid Lord High Treafurer or Lords Commiffioners of the Treafury, or any Three or more of them for the time being; and fuch Sums refpeftively (hall and may be iflued out of any Part of the Public Monies remaining in His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wcjhnrnjler ; which Sums fo to be iflued and advanced (hall be applied to the Payment of Allowances and Rewards as aforefaid, and in defraying all other necelTary Charges and Expences in or about the Execution of this Aft, without other Account than before the faid Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury $ and which Money fo to be iflued fhaU not be fubjeft to any Tax, Duty, Rate or Afieflment whatsoever, impofed by Authority of Parliament; but that an Account of the faid Charges and Expences, fo long as the faid Commiffion ihall remain in force, (hall be laid before both Houfes of Parliament on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March in each Year, if Parliament (hall be then fitting; but if Parliament (hall not be then fitting, then within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the then next Sef-lion of Parliament.

XII. And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners (hall, as foon after their Appointment as the obtaining neceffary Information will allow, draw up certain Rules for their general Proceedings, and (hall fix and fpecify therein the fargeft Amount of Allowances to be granted for building any Church, and make fuch other Regulations as the faid Commiffioners (hall deem expedient and neceflary to be fixed and known, for the furtherance ot the Purpofes of the Aft, and from time to time, as Occafion may require, (hall have Power to alter or vary any fuch Regulations, and to make any fudi further or additional Regulations as they may deem expedient; and all fuch Rules and Regulations (hall be laid before His Majefty in Council, who (hall have Power to approve or difallow the fame.

XIII* And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners to make, in His Majeffy’s Name, out of the Sum fo appropriated by this Aft, Grants for building, or to catxfe to be built, Churches or Chapels in fuch Panflies or Extra Parochial . Places only in which there.is a population of not lefs than Four thou- | fand Perfons, and in which there is not Accommodation in theChurches or Chapels therein for more than One fourth Part of fuch Population to attend Divine Service according to the Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland, or in which there (hall appear to the faid Commiffioners to be One thoufand Perfons refident more than Four Miles from any fuch Church or Chapel, and in which the Commiffioners (hall be (atisfied, from the Circumftances of fuch PariJh or Extra Parochial Place, of the Inability of the ParHhioners and Inhabitants thereof to bear any Part of the Charge of fuch Building in addition to the Charge hereinafter mentioned; and alfo to make Grants or Loans to aflift in building fuch Churches and Chapels in fuch other .Parifhes or Places as may contain a like Population,‘and may equally require further Accommodation for Divine Service,^but

58* GEO. III.

a 45.

119

ia which the bid Commifioners may deem the Puifiuoners and Inhabitants thereof capable of bearing a Part of the Expence of ereding filch Churches and'Chapels, or of repaying the fame by Inftalmentg, if advanced by way of Loan.

* XIV. And Whereas the Sum granted by this Aft is inadequate

*	to the affording Grants to all the Parifl&es and Extra Parochial Places

•	in want of fumcient Accommodation for Attendance upon fuch Di-4 vine Service as aforefaid : And Whereas many of fuch Parifhes and

•	Extra Parochial Places may be difpofed to raife by Rates, within

*	limited Periods» certain Proportions of the Sums required to 4 build fuch Churches or Chapels refpedively, or well difpofed Per-4 ions within the fame or elfewbere may be willing to raile by Sub-4 fcription fuch Proportions, or fuch a Part thereof as, together with 4 the Money to be raifed by Rate, will amount to fuch Proportion ;9 Be it therefore ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commif-fioners, upon any Parifli or Extra Parochial Place fo offering to contribute or raife by Rates or Subscription,- or by Rates aided bv Subscription, fuch Proportion of the Expence of building any Churcn or Chapel, or Churches or Chapels which may be required in any fuch Parifli or Extra Parochial Place, as (hall have been fixed as a proper Proportion by the faid Commiffioners according to any fuch -Rules and Regulations as aforefaid, or Audi be deemed by the faid Commiflioners a proper Proportion, and they are hereby empowered to grant to any fuch Parifli or Extra'Parochial Place the remaining Sum neceflary to build any fuch Church or Churches, or Chapel or Chapels, and to advance and lend to fuch Parifli or Extra Parochial Place any Part of the Proportion fo propofed to be raifed by Rates as aforefaid.

XV.	Provided always, and be.it further enaded, That the faid Commiflioners, in the Seledions of Pariflies and Extra Parochial Places for making their Diftribution of the Sums granted by this Ad,, (hall have regard to the Amount of Population in. fuch Pariflies and Extra Parochial Places, and alfo to the Difproportion between the Number4>f Inhabitants and the prefent Accommodation for Attendance upon Divine Service according to the Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland as by Law eftablifhed j and in giving Preference among fuch Pariflies and Extra Parochial Places, fhafi have regard to the Proportion of the Expence of affording the Accommodation required which (hall be offered to be contributed or raifed in Aid of the Purpofes of this Ad, towards the building Churches or Chapels in fucn refpedive Parifhes or Extra Parochial Places, and to the pecuniary Ability of the Inhabitants of fuch Pariflies or Places; and the (aid Commiflioners, in giving Preference as between Parifhes and Extra Parochial Places not offering to contribute any Proportion of fuch Expence as aforefaid, (hall have regard to the Order of Priority in which Pariflies and Extra Parochial Places under fimilar Circum-ftances as to Population, and Difproportion between fuch Population and the Accommodation afforded by the Churches and Chapels therein, (hall have provided and given Notice to.the Commiflfoncr&pf

• having provided Sites for the Churches intended to be built in fuch rtfpedive Pariflies or Extra Parochial Places.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That in every Cafe in which the faid Commiflioners (hall be ?f opinion . that it will be expedient to divide any Parifli iat? Two or .snore difliad and feparate Parifhes

14	for

Commiffioners may make Grant! and ad-vane. Monty to build Churches in Pariflies, 6cc. where a certain Proportion of the Ex pence is raifed by Rate or Subfcription.

Rules-to be ob-ferved by Com-miffiooers/m felelting ParifljM for Grant!; and In giving Prefer-sacs of Grants.

Upon Representation of the Commiflioners in manner dated, Pariflies

C. 45.

58d GEO. III.

by order of The King in Council may be divided into feparate Parities for all Ecdefiaftical Purpofea.

Tithetf See. to belong to the Incumbent of each Divifion.

New Churches of divided Partthes to remain Chapel* ofEafe during exifting Incumbency.

New Churches, when Divifion complete! to be Rectories, Vicarages or Perpetual Curacies, like original Parifh.

Donatives to lap(e9 if no Ap-

A.D.181&

for all ecdefiaftical Purpofea whatever, it (hall be lawful for tbe faid CommHfioners, with the Confent of the Bifhop^ of the Diocefe in which fuch Parifh is locally fituatcd, fignified finder his Hand aod Seal, to apply to the Patron or Patrons of the Church of fuch Pari fh, for bis Confent to make fuch Divifion, and for fuch Patron or Patrons to fignify his or their Confent thereto under his Hand and Seal; and the faid Commifiioners (hall, upon the Confent of the (aid Patron or Patrons fo fignified, reprefent the whole matter to His Majefty in Council, and mall ftate in fuch Representation the Bounds by which it is propofed, with fuch Confent as aforefaid, to divide fuch Parifh, together with the relative and refpe&ive Proportions of Glebe Land, Tithes, Modufes or other Endowments, which wiH by fuch Divifion arife and accrue, and remain and be, within each of fuch refpe&ive Divifiona j and alfo the relative Proportions of the eftimated Amount of the Value or Produce of Fees, Oblations, Offerings or other Ecdefiaftical.Dues or Profits which may arife and accfue within each of fuch refpe&ive Divifiona ; and if thereupoa His Majefty in Council (hall think fit to dire& fuch Divifion to be made, luch Order of His Majefty in Council (hall be valid and good in Law for the Purpofe.of effe&ing fuch Divifion : Provided always, that no fuch Divifion of any Parifh into diftin& Parifhes fhall completely take effe& until after the Death, Refignation or other Avoidance of the exifting Incumbent of the Parifh to be divided.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That all Tithes, Modufes, Endowments or other Ecdefiaftical Dues or Profits belonging to the Incumbent of any fuch Parifh, whether by Endowment, Prefcription, Ufage or otherwife, (hall, when fo divided as aforefaid, belong to and be recoverable by the Incumbents of the Churches of each of the Divifiona refpe8ively of the Parifh to which they (hall be afligned, in like manner in every refpe& as they were before recoverable by the Incumbent of the original Parifh.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enatied, That during the Incumbency of the exifting Incumbent of any fuch Parifh, every new Church therein built, purchased, affigned or provided at the intended Parifh Church of any Divifion intended to become and be a diftinft Parifh, fhall remain a Chapel of Eafe, and fhall be ferved, during the Incumbency of fuch Incumbent *of the original Parifh, by

*a Curate to be nominated by fuch Incumbent, and licenfed by the Bifhop of the Diocefe, and paid in manner hereinafter dire&ed.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed. That every fuch diftinfit and feparate Parifh as aforefaid fhall, when fuch Divifion as aforefaid

«fhall become complete by the Death, Refignation or other Avoidance of the exifting Incumbent of the original Parifh, be deemed either a Re&ory, Vicarage, Donative or Perpetual Curacy, and the Spiritual Perfon ferving the fame, the Re&or, Vicar or Perpetual ‘ Curate thereof, or Perfon having Cure of Souls therein,'according to the Nature of the original Church of the Parifh fo divided, and mall be for ever thereafter Tubjeft to tbe Laws, Provifions and Regulations, as to Prefentation and Appointment, and as to Inftitution, Collations, Indu&ion or Licence, and to all fuch Jurifdi&ion of the Bifhop, or # other Jurifdi&ion, and to holding Benefices as are by Law applicable to the original Parifh.

XX.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That all fuch Donatives and Perpetual Curacies (hall be fubjeA to Lapfe as Benefices, if do

Appoint-

58°:GEO.III.

C. 45.

121

Appointment of. a Spiritual Perfon thereto (hall be made within Si* Months after any Death9 Refignation, Removal or other Avoidance of the Incumbents thereof refpe&ively : Provided alfo, that no Spiritual Perfon appointed to any fuch Donative or Perpetual Curacy (hall be removable at the Pleafure of any Perfon, or Body Corporate or Politic, having the Power of Appointment thereto.

XXI.	And be it further ena&ed, That in any Cafe in which the laid Commiffioners (hall be of opinion that it is not expedient to divide any populous Pari(h or Extra Parochial Place into fuch complete, feparate and diftinft Parifhes as aforefaid, but that it is expedient to divide the fame into fuch Ecclefiaftical Diftri&s as they, with the Confent of the Bifhop fignified under his Hand and Seal, may. deem neceflary for the Purpofe of affording Accommodation for the attending Divine Service according to the Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland, to Perfons redding therein, in the Churches and Parochial Chapels already built, or in additional Churches or Chapels to be built therein, and as may appear to fuch Commiffioners to be convenient for the enabling the Spiritual Perfon or Perfons who may ferve fuch Churches or Chapels to perform all Ecclefiaftical Duties within the Diftri&s attached to fuch refpe&ive Churches and Chapels, and for the due Ecclefiaftical Superintendence of fuch Piftri&, and the Prefervation and Improvement of the religious and moral Habits of the Perfons redding' therein, the faid Commiffioners (hall reprefent fuch Opinion to His Majefty in Council, and (hall (late in fuch Re-prefentation the Bounds by which fuch Diftri&s are propofed to be deferibed $ and if thereupon His Majefty in Council (hall think fit to dired fuch Divifion to be made, fuch Order of His Majefty in Council (hall be valid and good in Law for the Purpofe of effe&ing fuch Divifion ; or in any Cafe in which the faid Commiffioners (hall be of Opinion that it is not expedient to make any fuch Divifion into fuch Ecclefiaftical Diftri&s as aforefaid, the faid Commiffioners may build or aid the Building of any additional Chapels in any fuen Parifhes or Extra Parochial Places, to be ferved by Curates to be refpe&ively nominated and appointed by the refpe&ive Incumbents of the Churches of the refpe&ive Parifhes or Extra Parochial Places, and licenfed* by the Bifhop of the Diocefe ; fuch Curates to be paid fuch Salaries as (hall be affigned by the faid Commiffioners, under the Prorifions of this A&, in manner hereinafter dire&ed.

XXII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the feveral new Parifhes created by any fuch complete Divifion as aforefaid, and alfo the feveral Diftri&s of any Parifh or Extra Parochial Place where any fuch Divifion thereof (hall have been fo made as aforefaid, (hall be al-certained and marked out by deferibed Bounds, and the Defcription of fuch Bounds (hall be enrolled in the High Court of Chancery, and be regiftered in the Office of Regiftry of the Diocefe, and Notice thereof given in fuch manner as the Commiffioners (hall deem neceffary and diredt for that Purpofe.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded, That if His Majefty in Council, upon the Representation of the (aid Commiffioners, made with the Confent of the Biffiop of the Diocefe, fignified under his Hand and Seal, (hall think fit to alter fuch Boundaries at any time within Five Years after fuch Enrolment,.fuch Order in Council (h*ll be valid and good in Law for the. Purpofe of effc&ing fuch Alteration, and

the

pointment mad® in Six Months.

Parifhes may by Order of King in Council be divided into fce-clefiaftical Dif-tridts, or other-wife Commif-(ioners m«y build or aid the building Chapels to be ferved by Curates to be appointed by the Incumbent of the Parifh.

DiftriAa when made to be deferibed, and Defcription of; Boundaries'enrolled in Chances y, &c.

King in Council may alter fuch Boundaries.

58°"GEO. IIL

Diftri&s to bt feparate Parifhet for all Ecclefi-iflical Purpofea.

Etctption.

How far Churches and Chapel* of fuch Diftrid* to be deemed Bene* frees prefenta-tlve.

No DiAria Church or Chapel hold with oc%hialorany other Church.

All Aa* of Parliament, &c. re* latiog to publiOi. log Banns of Marriage, &c. to apply to fuch diftind Parishes, Churches and Chapels.

C. 45.

A.D. 1818.

the fame (hall be enrolled and regiftered iir like manner as is above

mentioned.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, That fuch Boundaries Audi continue and be the Boundaries of fuch Pariihes or Diftri&s refpec-tively, unlefa fo altered, and fuch Di ft rids (hall thereupon become and be called Diftrid Parifhes, by fuch Names as (hall be given to them refpedively in the Inftrument fo enrolled as aforefaid, and (ball become and be feparate and diftind Diftrid Pariihes, and the Churches and Cbapels refpedively affigned to fuch Diftrids (hall, when duly confecrated for that Purpofe, become and be the Diftrid Parifh Churches of fuch Diftrid Pariihes, for all Purpofes of Ec-clefiaftical Worihip and Performance of'Ecciefiaftical Duties, and as to all Marriages, Chriftenings, Churching* and Burials, and the Re* gjftry thereof refpedively within the fame, and in relation to all Fees, Oblations and Offerings, and the demanding, fuing and profecuting for and recovering the fame, and as to all other Purpofes whatfoever, fave and except as is in this Ad partiqilarly excepted. *

XXV.	And be it further enaded, That every Church and Chapel built or acquired under the Provifions of this Ad, and appropriated to any fuch Diftrid Parifh fo made under the Provifions of this Ad,

. (hall be deemed a Perpetual Curacy, and (hall be confidered in Law as a Benefice Prefentative, fo far only as that the Licence thereto (hall operate in the fame manner as Inftitution to any fuch Benefice, and Thall render voidable other Livings in like manner as Inftitution to any fuch Benefice, and the Spiritual Perfon ferving the fame (hall be deemed the Incumbent thereof; and fuch Incumbents (hall have perpetual Succeffion, and (hall be and are hereby declared to be Bodies Politic and Corporate, and may receive and take fuch Endowments in Lands or Tithes, or both, or any fuch Augmentation as (hall be granted to them of their SuccefTors$ and all fuch Incumbents, and all Perfons presenting or appointing any fuch Incumbents (hall respectively be fubjed to all Jurifdidions and Laws Ecciefiaftical or Common, ana to all Provifions, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in any Ads of Parliament in force relating thereto refpedively ; and in cafe of any Failure or Negkd in not presenting or nominating any fuch Incumbent for the Space of Six Months, fuch Presentation or Appointment (hall thereupon lapfe as in Cafes of adual Benefices.

XXVI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That po fuch Church or Chapel of any fuch Parifh or Diftrid Parifh created according to the Provifions of this Ad, (hall be tenable or holden with the original Church of the Parifh or Extra Parochial Place out of which fuch Parifh or Diftrid Parifh (hall have been taken, or with the Church or Chapel of any other fuch Parifh or Diftrid Parifh.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded, That all Ads of Parliament, Laws and Cuftoms relating to publifhing Banns of Marriage, Marriages, Chriftenings, Churching* and Burials, and the registering thereof, and to all Ecciefiaftical Fees, Oblations or Offerings, (hau apply to fuch feparate and diftind Pariihes and Diftrid Parifhes fo made as aforefaid, when they (hall fo become complete, feparate -and diftind Parifhes or Diftrid Parifhes, under the Provifions of thk Ad, after the Death, Resignation or other Avoidance of the drifting incumbents refpedively in each fuch Parifh or Extra Parochial

Place,

58° GEa III*

C.45.

123

Place, and to the Churches and Chapels thereof, and to the Ecefe-Itaftical Perfona having Cure of Souls, or ferving the fame, in like manner in every refpeCt as if the fame refpe&ively had been ancient, feparate and diftind Pariffies and Parilh Churches by Law, to aU Intents and Purpofes.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That no Banns of Matrimony fhall be pubtiflied or Marriages celebrated or folemnized, or Baptifms or Churchings had, by any Perfon whatever, Mrithin any Church or Chapel of any fuch feparate and diftindt Parifh, fo made by any fuch Divifion as aforefaid, or in any private Houfe therein, or witnin any fuch Diftridfc Church or Chapel, or in any private Houle within fuch Diftrid, nor (hall any Burials be performed within any Cemetery appertaining or belonging to any fuch Church or Chapel by any Perfon whatever, except by the Incumbent of the Church of the Parifh or Extra Parochial Place from which fuch Pariih (hall have been Separated, or fome Curate of fuch Incumbent duly licenfed in that behalf, until after the Death, Refignation or other Avoidance of the Spiritual Perfon who (hall be the Incumbent of the Church of the Pariih or the Extra Parochial Place at the time of the Confecration of any fuch Church or Chapel of any fuch fepa-rated Pariih or Diftrid Pariih ; and from and alter the Death, Refignation or other Avoidance of the then Incumbent, to be certified under and according to the Provifions of this Ad, Banns of Matrimony may be publifhed, and Marriages celebrated and folemnined, and Baptifms, Burials and Churchings had, within the Church or Chapel of any fnch feparated Pariih or Diftrid Pariih, provided the fame be refpedirely publifhed, celebrated, folemnized and had according to the Laws and Canons m force within the Realm in that behalf; and all fuch Banns as fhall be publifhed, and dfoiril and every fuch Marriage and Marriages as fhall be celebvatad and Solemnized in any fuch Church or Chapel, after the Entries, under and according to the Provifions*of this Ad, of the Notification, under the Hand and Seal of the Bifhop of the Diocefe, of the Death, Refig-nation or other Avoidance of the Incumbent of the Church of She Pariih or Extra Parochial Place, fhall be as good, valid and efiedual to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were publifhed, celebrated and folemnized in the Church of the Parifh or Extra Parochial Place in which the fame (hall be fituate.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded. That the Death, Refignation or other Avoidance of the Spiritual Perfon who was the Incumbent of the Church of any Parifh and Extra Parochial Place in which any fuch feparated Parifh or jDiftrid Church or Chapel Audi be fo confecrated as aforefaid, at the time of fuch Confecration fhall be notified by the Bifhop of the Diocefe, under his Hand and Seal, to the Spiritual Perfon then ferving the Church or Chapel, and to«the Churchwardens of the Parifh or Place m which the Church or Chapel fhall be fituate; and fuch Notifications (ball be preferred with and Copies thereof fhall be entered in the Books of Regttkers^of Marriages, Births and Burials of the Church of the Parifh or Extra Parochial Place, and Copies of fuch Notifications Aril be rifo entered in the Books of Regifters to be provided for entering the Publications of Banns and Sotemnizatian of Marriages, and the Baptifass and BuririSiin fuch Chapels, and fuch Entries Aril be authenticated by the^ Churchwardens of fuch Churches and Chapels refpe&ively,

and

Banns not to be publi<hed,or Marriages, Are. had, in any fuch Diftrift Church or Chapel, until •far the Death, Refignation or Avoidance of the Incumbent at the time of Contention of the Chord) or ChaptL

Death, Ac. of Incumbentvof

Church to be notified by Bifhop, and entered in Regifter Books of Parifh Church, See. Such Entries Evidence of Commencement of Publication of Banns, Sec. in the Chapel, *c.

C. 45.

58° GEO. HI.

A.D. 1818.

Division not to affe& Glebe, Tithe, Module*, &c. but original Parilh to remain aa jo all fuch Rights, &c.

Provifo for Poor and other Parochial Rates;

except as to Church Rates as herein mentioned.

CommilHonera may afcertain and make Com-Isolation for LofTes from Ob' lations, Offerings, &c.

Previfo for Questions of Right.

and fhaQ be fufficient Evidence of the Period of Commencement, under the Prorifions of this Aft, of the Publication of Banns and Solemnization of Marriages and Baptifms, and Performance of Burials in any fuch Chapel or any Cemetery thereof*

XXX.	And be it further enafted. That fuch Divifion of any Parilh into Didrift Parifhes only, and not into complete, feparate and diitinft Parifhes, (hall not in any manner affeft any Land, Glebe, Tithes, Modufe8 or Endowment of or belonging to the original Church of the Parifh or Extra Parochial glace, all which fhall continue to belong to the Incumbent thereof, and to be holden, demanded, taken and received by him in like manner to all Intents and Purpofes as if no fuch Divifion had taken place; and the original Parifh fhall remain and continue a Parifh, as to all fuch Glebe Land, Tithes, Module* and Endowment, and all Dues, Rights and Remedies in relation thereto, as if this Aft had not palled-

XXXI.	Add be it further enafted, That no Divifions of any Parifh or Extra Parochial Place, whether it be divided into feparate Parifhes with the Confent of the Patron and Bifhop of the Diocefe, or into Didrift Parifhes, nor any thing in this Aft contained in relation thereto, fhall affeft or in any manner be conftrued to affeft any Parifh or Extra Parochial Place fo divided, or the Perfons refiding therein, in any other refpeft than in this Aft particularly provided, or in any manner to apply to any Poor or other Parochial Rates which may be railed in the Parifh or Extra Parochial Place £o divided, or in any fuch feparated Parifh or Didrift Parifh, or to the Maintenance or Relief of Poor Perfons, or to any Title or Claim to fuch Relief, or to any Powers relating to any fuch Rates, or holding Vedries, or Appointment or Powers of Parifh Officers, or any fuch Relief or Claim thereto, or to anv Aft or Afts of Parliament or Law or Cuftom relating thereto, (ave and except as to Church Rates, in fo far as the fame are regulated by the Provifions of this Aft; but the original Parifh fhall to all fuch Purpofes remain and continue in Law a Parifh to all Intents, as if no fuch Divifion thereof into feparate Parifhes or Didrift Parifhes had been made.

XXXII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners may afcertain the average Amount, in any Parifh or Extra Parochial Place, of all Fees, Oblations and Offerings, whether voluntary or other wife, for the Three Years preceding the making any fuch Divifion into Didrift Parifhes, and alfo for each Year fubfequeut to fuch Divifion, during the Incumbency of the exiding Incumbent, and may for that Purpofe fummon and examine upon Oath the Incumbent or any other Perfon or Perfons, and require the Produftion of and examine any Books or Papers neceffary for that Purpofe, and fhall thereupon caufe Compenfation to be made out of the Monies granted by this Aft to the Incumbent of any fuch Parifh, during his Incumbency, for any Lofs which he may fudain by reafon of the Diminution thereof, in confequence of any fuch Divifion into Didrift Parifhes, and of fuch Fees, Oblations and Offerings being transferred thereby to the Spiritual Perfons ferving the Churches or Chapels of Didrift Parifhes under the Provifions of this Aft: Provided always, that no fuch Afcertainment or Compenfation made thereupon, or Inquiry made, or Matter or thing done, or Evidence given or produced in.relation thereto, (hall in any manner affeft or prejudice any

...	*	Queftion

C. 45.

125

58* GEO. III.

Sueftion as to any Right or Claim in relation to any fuch Fees, blations or Offerings.

XXXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the Commiffioners faid Commiiiioners to accept and take any Building or Buildings fit to maY fcccP* be ufed for or to be converted into fuch additional Churches or Chapels,	*nd

and alfo any Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments proper for Sites churches or of additional Churches or Chapels, not exceeding in Quantity in any Chapels; one Place what may be fufficient for building of a Church or Chapel, providing a Churchyard, and making a proper and fufficient Accefa or Approach thereto, from any Perfons* willing to give the fame$ and every luch Site, when conveyed to the faid Commiffioners, and the Church ere&ed thereupon, and Notice thereof given to the Bifhop of the Diocefe, (hall become for ever thereafter devoted to Ecclefiaftica)

Purpofes only, in order that the fame may be confecrated by the

JBiffiop to Public WoHhip according to the Rites of the United

Church of England and Ireland\ as by Law eftabliihed: And it (hall and Houfct, &c

alfo be lawful tor the faid Commiffioners to accept and take from any for Refidence of

Perfon willing to give the fame, any Houfe, Garden and Appur- Spiritual Perton.

tenances, not exceeding Ten Acres in the whole, for the Refidence of

the Spiritual Perfon ferviug fuch Church or Chapel, or any Land,*

not exceeding the faid Ten Acres in Quantity, for ere&ing fuch

Houfe and Appurtenances and making luch Garden, and the fame

(hall i immediately upon or after the Confecration of fuch Church or

Chapel) become and be the Houfe and Glebe belonging to fuch

Church or Chapel, and vefl in the Incumbent for the time being as

fuch.

XXXIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the Commiffioners Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Fore its and Lind Revenues, of Woods, with by and with the Confent of the Lord High Treafurer of the United Confent of Tree-Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and comwiljsnd Jr eland, or any Three or more of them, in Writing, or for His Bodies Politic, Msjefty by any Grant figned by the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lan- &c. may frut caper for the time being, or for the Duke of Cornwall by any Grant Sites for building figned by the Chancellor of the Duchy of Cornwall tor the time being, or for any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or Corpor- >pe ation Aggregate or Sole, to grant any fuch Building or Buildings, or any Site or Sites for the building of any fuch Churches or Chapels, with or without Cemeteries thereto, and any Houfe or Appurtenances and Garden for the Refidence of the Spiritual Perfon wno may ferve the Church or Chapel.

XXXV.	And be it further ena&ed. That all fuch Pariffies and Parilhts and Ex-Extra Parochial Places as (hall be required by the Commiffioners, (hall tra Parochial furnifh Sites for fuch additional Churches or Chapels as the Com- M***co miffioners may deem neceffary to fee built under the Provifions of this S,le* en/^ A€t; and that as foon as the Commiffioners (hall have fixed upon any ^f^ners. Pari(h or Extra Parochial Place as being one in which it is neceffary Notice and Pro-that a Church or Chapel (hould be built under the Provifions of this ceedings by A&, they (hall give Notice to the Churchwardens thereof, by cauiing Commiffioners fuch Notice to be left at their refpe&ive Places of Abode, of their	a***

Intention to build or caufe to be built* fuch Church or Chapel, and of the Extent of Ground which will be required for the Site thereof, and making a proper Accefs and Approach thereto* and of the Part of the Parifli or Extra Parochial Place within which the fame are

required

C. 45.	58	“GEO.	III.	A	1818.

Bodies Politic, &c. empowered to leW and convey Sites.

Form of Conveyance to the Commilfioners.

required to be provided \ and the faid Churchwardens (hall within the Space of Fourteen Days call a Meeting of the Veftry or SeleA Veftry of the Parifh or Extra Parochial Place, or the Perfons pof-feffing under any Adi or A As of Parliament the Powers of Veftry of the rarifh or Extra Parochial Place, for the Purpofe of taking all fuch Meafures as may be neceflary for providing fiich Site and Approach thereto as aforefaid ; and in cafe fuch Parifh or Extra Parochial Place (hall not be able to provide the fame without Purchafe, then the Veftry or SeleA Veftry, or the Perfons poffcffing as aforefaid the Powers of Veftry, (hall and are hereby required forthwith to proceed to treat for a Site and Approach thereto according to fuch Notice, but (hall not conclude any Bargain for the fame without the Approbation of the Commiilioners.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaAed, That it (hall be lawful for aH Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Hufbands, Guardians, Truftees and Feoffees in Truft, Committees, Executors and Adminiftrators, and all other Perfons and Truftees whom foe ver, not only for or on behalf of themfelves, their Heirs and Succe flora, but alfo for and on behalf of Ceftuique Trufts, whether Infants, Ifiue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert or other Perfon or Perfons and to and for all Femes Covert who are or (hall be feifed, poflefied of or interefted in their own Right, and for evenf other Perfon or Perfons whom-foever who (hall be feifed, poffefied of or interefted in any Lands, Grounds and Hereditaments which fhall be fet out and alcertained for any fuch Site, to contraA for, fell and conveys or if Copyhold to enfranchife the fame and every Part thereof, unto the laid Com-jniffioners under the Provifions of this A A ; and all fuch ContraAs, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances and Afiurances fhall be valid and efieAual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, any Law, Statute, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and all Perfons whomfoever fo conveying as aforefaid, are hereby indemnified for or in refpeA of any lucn Sale which he, fhe or they, or any of them, fhall refpcAively make by virtue or in purfuance of this AA*

XXXVn. And be it further enaAed, That all Conveyances and Afiurances which fhall be made of any Lands or Hereditaments to the faid Commilfioners, or any other Perfon or Perfons, for the Purpofes of this AA, fhall be made according to the Form following, or as near thereto as the Circumftances of the Cafe will admit (except in Cafes of Purchafes of Lands belonging to His Majefty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, or to the Duchy of Cornwall, for which Provifion is hereinafter made); videlicet,

4 T [or we]	of	in con-

« fideratson of the Sum of	to	me	[or	us] paid,

4 do hereby grant and rcleafc to	all	[‘dejerib-

4 inf the Premifei to he eonveyed] and all my Right, Title and In-4 trail to and in the lame and every Part thereof, to hold to the 4 find	and their Succefioip, and to* be devoted,

•	when confecrated, to Ecclefi'aftical Purpofes for ever, by virtue and

*	according to the true Intent and Meaning of an A A pafled in the

*	Fifty eighth Yearof the Reign of His Majefty King George the

•	Third, mtittded [here fet forth the Title of tbie Aft'] la Witnefs

i a	4	whereof

58* GEO. 1IL

C. 45.

127

*	whereof I hare hereunto fet my Hand and Seal, this

*	Day of	in	the	Year, of oar Lord

And all fuch Conveyances and Afforances (hall be valid and effedual m the Law to all Intents and Purpofes, and (hall be a complete Bar to all Eftates Tail and other Edates* Rights, Titles, Trufta and Interests, and Incumbrances whatfoever.

XXXVIII. And be it forther enaded, That in all Cafes where Co^syjneeby there (hall be Occafion to take Part of any Common or Wafte of tilen* Grounds for the Purpofes of this Ad, the Conveyance thereof by the from Common*, Lord and Lady of the Manor wherein the fame (hall be fituate, (haH fufficitnt.

be a good and fufficient Conveyance for the Purpofe of veiling, the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof Under this Ad as fully and effect tually as if every Perfon liaving Right of Common upon fueh Commons or Wafte Grounds had joined in and executed fuen Conveyance} and that the Compenfation to be paid for any Right of Commou upon any fuch Commons or Wafte Grounds as aforefaid (hall be paid to the Churchwardens of the refpedive Pari fives wherein filch Commons or Wafte Grounds (hall lie, and (hall be by fuch Churchwardens received an<* ' for fuch general or public Purpofes within fuch ParHhes ref	as	a	Veftry	of	every	fuch	Parim, to be convened by fuch

Churchwardens for that Purpote, (hall dired, except as is in this Ad Ctherwife provided.

XXXIX. Provided always and be it further enaded. That all StihMionto and every Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Trufteea or other Perfons hereinbefore capacitated to feU and convey any &c>.

Lands, Tenements and other Hereditaments, or enfranchife any Copy-

holds, or any Owner or Ownm, and the Occupier or Occupiers

of any Lands# Tenements or other Hereditaments required to be

taken For the Purpofes of this Ad, may accept and receive Satif-

fadkm for the Value of fuch Lauds, Tenements and Hereditaments,

or of any fuch Interefts as aforefaid; and from and immediately after and thereupon

the thtte of making and executing fucto Sale and Conveyance, or any Commiflion«r»

Contrad or Contreds fbr the feme, the faid Commiffioners, or any toentelr»Src-

Perfon or Perfons purchasing the fame under the Provifton and for

the Purpofes of this Ad, may and (hall be at liberty to enter upon,

and from thenceforth for ever to have, take and ufe the faid Lands*

Tenements and other Hereditaments fbr the Purpofes of this Ad; and fa cafe the Parties interefted in fuch'Lands, Tenements or He- IfPiniM redkameuts* cannot or do not agree as to the Amount or Value of JvnildTv im* filch Satisfaction^ the fame (hall be afeertakedand fettled by the Ver-	y

did of a Jury, as is hereinafter direded.

XL. And for fettling all Differences which may arife between the (aid Commiffioners xnd the feveral Owners of or Perfons interefted in any Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments which (hall or may be taken or ufed for the Purpofes of this Ad; be it further enaded*

That if any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any other Per- If Partis* urn fon err Perfons fo interefted for and on his, her or their Part or Parts; diflW*fi«d,or re^ or fbr or on the Part of his, her or their Geftuique Trufts* or of any other incapacitated Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, (hall refufe to ac- * jury tobcim cept ftich Ptarchafe Money or other Compenfation as (hall be offered panneUcd to by them the faid Commiffioners* or their Agent by or on their be* decade, half, and fhaU give Notice thereof in Writing to the Secretary for the tStfwbeirtg to the frid Commiffioners within 8even Days next after fuch Offer (tarn hate been made, slid the Party or Parties giving fuch

Notice

C. 45,

58° GEO.'IIE

A.D. 1818.

To whom Com. miflioners to ifliie Warrant for impannelling Jury.

Ptrfom ittpan-nelled, to ap-pair, «rc.|

and Jury to be drawn, &c.

Proceedings

thereon.

Clerk of the Peace to fum-raon Witneffes. View.

Notice as aforefaid (hall therein requeft that the Matter or Matters in difpute may be fubmitted to the Determination of a Jury ; or if any Body Politic* Corporate or Collegiate, or any other Perfon or Perfoni feifed or pofleffed of or interefted in any fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as aforefaid, (hall refufe to treat or agree, or (hall not agree, or by reafon of Abfence or Difability cannot agree with the faid Commiffioners, or with any Perfon or Perfons authorized by them, for the Sale and Conveyance of their refpedive Edates and Interefts therein, or cannot be found or known, or (hall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premifes they may be in Pofleffion of, or to the Intered they (hall claim therein, to the Satisfa&ion of the faid Com-miflioners, or of the Perfon or Perfons authorized by them; then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Commiffioners (hall and they are hereby empowered and required from time to time to ifliie a Warrant under their Common Seal, to the Sheriff of the County in which fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments (hall lie, or the Matter in aueftion or difpute (hall arife $ or in cafe fuch Sheriff or his Under Sheriff (hall happen to be one of the faid Commiffioners, or (hall ehjoy any Office of Trad or Profit under them, or (hall be otherwife interefted in the Matter or Matters in queftion, then to the fenior Coroner of the faid County; and in cafe he (hall be fo interefted, then to the next Coroner of fuch County, in point of Seniority, who (hall not be fo interefted as aforefaid, commanding fuch Sheriff or Coroner or other Perfon (and the Sheriff or Coroner or fuch ocher Perfon is hereby empowered and required) to impannel, fummon and return not lefs than Twenty four, nor more than Forty eight fubftantial and indifferent Perfons, qualified to ferve on Special Juries; and the Perfons fo to be im-pannelled, fummoned, and returned as aforefaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the Juftices of the Peace for tne County wherein the Premifes (hall lie, at fpme Court of General or Quarter Sefiion8 of the Peace to be holden in and for the fame County, or at fome Adjournment thereof, as in fuch Warrant (hall be directed and appointed, and to attend fuch Court of General or Quarter Seffions from Day to Day, until difeharged by the faid Court* and out of fuch Perlons fo to be impannelled, fummoned and returned, a Jury I of Twelve Men (hall be drawn by the Clerk of the Peace for the County wherein fuch Jury (hall be returned, or his Deputy, in fuch manner as Juries for Trials of Iffues joined in-His Majefty’s Courts at Wcjhntnjler are by Law dire&ed to be drawn s and in cafe a fufficient Number of Jurymen (hall not appear at the time and Place appointed as aforefaid, the faid Clerk, of the Peace as before mentioned, or his Deputy, (hall return other fubftantial, honeft and indifferent Men of the By danders, or of others who can be fpeedily procured to attend that Service, to make up the faid Jury to the Number of Twelve s and all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenges again ft any of the faid Jurymen, but (hall not challenge the Array; and the faid Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, is hereby empowered and required to fummon and call before the faid Judices any Witneffes touching the Matters in quedion, and may order and authorize the (aid Jury, or any Three or more of themj to view the Place or Places, or' matters or things in controverfy, and fuch Jury (hall upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as well as the Oaths to fuch Witneffes, the (kid Juftices are hereby, empowered and required to admioifter) inquire of, a fiefs and afeertain, apd give a Verdidt for the Sum or Sums of Money

which

Verdift.

JU).i81fc

58* GEO. III.

C. 45.

129

which fhall be paid for the Purchafe of fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Compenfation for any Intereft therein as aforefaid; and the faid Juftices (ball give Judgment for fuch Purchafe Money or Compenfation fo aflefled by fuch Jury $ which faid Ver-di&, and the Judgment thereupon, fhall be binding and conclufive to all Intents and Purpofes upon all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and upon all Perfon* whomfoever, provided that Fourteen Days* Notice in Writing at the leaft, of the Hour and Place at which fuch Jury are fo required to be returned, be given to the Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to the Perfon or Perfons intercfted or claiming fo to be, before the time of the Meeting of the faid Juftices and Jury as aforefaid, by leaving fuch Notice at the Dwelling Houfe of fuch Perfon or Perfons, or of the Head Officer of fuch Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or with fome Tenant or Occupier of the Premifes refpeftively intended to be valued ; and in each and every Cafe where a Verdi# (hall be given for more Money as a Recompence or Satisfadion for the abfolute Sale of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or as a Compensation for any Intereft therein as aforefaid, than (hall have been pre-vionfty offered by or on behalf of the faid Commiffioners before the fummoning fuch Jury, and where no Compenfation (hall have been previouily offered in refped thereof by or on behalf of the faid Commiffioners, or where, by reafon of Abfence or other Impediment or Difability, there (hall not be found any Perfon or Perfons at hand who may be legally capacitated to contra# with and make Conveyances to or receive Compenfation from the faid Commiffioners aa hereinbefore mentioned, then and in all fuch Cafes all the reafon-able Expeuces of caufing fuch Value or Compenfation to be aflefled and awarded as aforefaid (hall be fettled by the faid Juftices, and be defrayed by the faid Commiffioners; but if any Verdid (hall be given for toe. fame Sum that fhall have been previouily offered by or on behalf of the faid Commiffioners, or for. a lefs Sum than fhall have been fo previouily offered, or in cafe of fuch Refufal to treat with or make Conveyances to the faid Commiffioners by any Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or by any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever who is or are by the Provifions of this Ad or other wife legally empowered to treat and convey, or receive fuch Compenfation as aforefaid, then and in all fuch Cafes (except where, by reafon of Abfence or otherwife, any Perfon fhall have been prevented from treating and agreeing as aforefaid, in which Cafe all fuch Cofts and Expences (hall be borne and paid by the faid Commiffioners), the reasonable Cofts and Expences of caufing fuch Value or Compenfation to be aflefled and awarded as aforefaid fhall be fettled in like manner by the faid Juftices, and be borne and paid by the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or by the Perfon or Perfons with whom the faid Commiffioners (hall have fuch Controverfie8 or Difputes; which faid Cofts and Expences fhall and may be dedp&ed out of the Money fo aflefled and awarded, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purpofes to be Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums fo aflefled or awarded as aforefaid.

XLI. And be it further ena&ed. That if the Sheriff or other Perfon fo dire&ed to fummon and return a Jury as aforefaid, or hja . 58 Geo. III.	K	Deputy

Verdi# and Judgment con-clufive. Provifo.

If Verdi# for more thin the offer of Commiffioners, See. Expences paid by Commiffioners;

if for the ferns or a lefs Sum, See. Expences paid by Body Politic, &c.

Exception.

Sheriff,&c. refuting to fummon e Jury Penalty.

C. 45.

58* GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Juryman or Witneffe* refuting to attend.

Sec.

penalty.

Verdi&a to be recorded at Quarter Scflfions.

Copies Evidence.

lafpe&ioa.

Fee.

Power to Com-miffionen to enter upon and take PofTeffion ofI.ands,&c. on Payment or Tender of Pur-chafe Monies.

Deputy or Agent, (hall make Default in the Premifes, he (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and if any Perfon fo fummoned and returned as afore-faid upon fuch Jury (hall not appear, or appearing (hall refufe to be fworn or to give his Verdid, or (hall in any other manner wilfully negledl his Duty, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; or if any Perfon fo fummoned to give Evidence (hall not appear, or appearing (hall refufe to be examined or give Evidence, every Perfon fo offending (having no reafonable Excufe to be allowed by the faid Juftices) (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; which feveral and refpe&ive Penalties (hall and may be levied by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one of the faid Juftices, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon fo offending, rendering to him the Overplus after fuch Penalty and the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale (hall be dedu&ed ; and every fuch Penalty fo recovered from any Perfon who (hall have been fo fummoned on fuch Jury, or to give Evidence as aforefaid, (hall go and be paid to the Party who (hall appear to the faid Juftice to be injured by the Default of fuch Perfon,

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all the faid Judgments and Verdifts (being fir^ figned by the Clerk of the Peace or bis Deputy prefent at the taking of fuch Verdi&s and pronouncing of fuch Judgments refpeCtively) (hall be kept by the refoe&ive Clerks of the Peace amongft the Records of the Quarter Semons of the County, as the Cafe (hall require, and (hall be deemed to be Records of the faid Quarter Semons to all Intents and Purpofee what foe ver ; and the fame or true Copies thereof (hall be allowed to be good Evidence, and all Perfons (hall have Liberty to infpeCfc the fame, paying for fuch Infpedtion the Sum of One Shilling, and to take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for every One hundred Words, and fo in proportion for any lefs Number of Words*

XLIII. And be it further ena&ed, That upon Payment or legal Tender of fuch Sum or Sums of Money as (hall have been contra&ed or agreed for between the Parties, or determined and adjufted by any Jury or Juries in manner aforefaid, for the Purchafe of auy fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to the Proprietor or Proprietors of fuch Lands and other Hereditament* and Piemifes, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons as (hall be interefted therein, or entitled to receive fuch Money or Compenfation refpeftively, at any time after the fame (hall have been fo agreed for, determined or awarded, if the Perfon or Perfons fo entitled or interefted, or any of them, cannot be found, or (hall refufe to receive the fame, or /hall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes to the Satisfaction of the bid Commiflioners, or (hall refufe to execute a Conveyance or Conveyances of the Premifes which (hall be required for the Purposes of this ACt, then upon Payment of the faid Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank of England, as hereafter directed and required (in cafe the fame (hall be requifite), for the Ufe of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo interefted or entitled as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners and their Agents, Servants and Workmen, or any other Perfons authorized by them in their behalf, immediately to enter upon fuch Lands, Grounds and other Hereditaments refpeCt-

58° GEO. III.

C. 45.

1SI

ively; and the Fee Ample and Inheritance thereof, together with the yearly Profits thereof, and all the EAate, Ufe, Truft and Intereft of any Perfon or Perfons therein, (hall from thenceforth be veiled in fuch Perfon or Perfons in fuch manner as direfted in and by this Aft, or as may be declared ia any Sentence of Confecration Under the Provifions of this Aft, to and for the Purpofes of this Aft for ever; and fuch Tender, Payment or Invefliture ihall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Intereft and Demand of the Perfba or Perfons to whom the fame ihall or ought to have been made, but alfo ihall extend to and ihall be deemed and conftrued to bar the Dower of the Wife, and of every fuch Perfon, and all Eftates Tail, and other Eftates in Reverfion and Remainder of his, her or their I flue, and of every other Perfon, and all Incumbrancers whomsoever therein: Provided nevertheless that before fuch Payment it Shall not be lawful for the faid Commifiioners, or any Perfon afting under their Authority, to dig into fuch Lands or Grounds for the Purpofe of making any Foundation, or building any Church or Chapel, without Leave of the refpeftive Owners or Occupiers thereof in Writing under their refpeftive Hands.

XLlV. And be it further enabled, That if any Money (hall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Here* ditaments, or for any other Matter, Right or Intereft of whit Nature or Kind foever, purchafed, taken or ufed by virtue of the Powers of this Aft, for the Purpofes thereof, which (ball belong to any Corporation, Fetes Covert, Infant, Lunatic, Perfon or Per*. Sons under any Disability or Incapacity as hereinbefore mentioned, fuch Money (hall, in cafe the fame ihall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Ac? countant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to hit Account m parti the Cotnmiffioners for building Churched together with the Name or Namfes of fuch Perfon or Perfons as any Three of the Commiffioners (hall, by Writing figned by them, direft and appoint, to the Intent that fuch Money (hall be applied, under the Direftion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a Summary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchafs of the Land Tax, or towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the faid Court (hall authorize to be paid, affc&irig the fame Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affefting other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments (landing fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents or Purpofes ; or where fuch Money (hall not be fo applied, then the fame (hall be laid out and invefted, under the like Direftion arid Approbation of the hid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which (hall be,conveyed to, for and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents and Purpofes, and in the fame manner, as the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which (hall be fo purchafed, taken or ufed as afoTefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement (hall be exifting un* determined'and capable of taking Efleft; and in the meantime, and until fuch ftirchafe fluid be made, the faid Money (had, by Order

K 2	of

Tenda and Payment, &c. to bar all Rights, Dower, ice.

CommiffioiWft not to dig for

Foundation, &c. till Payment.

Application of Corapenfatioa when it lhaH amount to or ei-ceed 200L

Order upon Petition.

132

C. 45.

58° GEO. Ill

AJ>. 1818.

When left than oooL end «• ceedingaoL

When left than ao I

In cafe of not making out Tide,

or if Perioni in-tided cannot be

of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invefted by the faid Accountant General, in* his Name, in the#Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime, and until the faid Bank Annuities (hall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities (hall from time to time be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fo hereby directed to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if toy Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchafed, taken or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under Disability or Incapacity as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and (hall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame (hall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the time being entitled to the Rents end Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken or ufed, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under ‘their refpe&ive Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, m the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and to be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore dire&ed; or otherwife the fame (hall be paid, at the like Option, to Three Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by Three or more of the faid Commiffioners, fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and Approving Parties, in order that fuch Principal Money and the Dividends arifing thereon may be applied in manner hereinbefore dire&ed, fo far as the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery,

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That where fuch Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, (hall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame (hall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditamerits fo purchafed, taken or ufed for the Purpofes of this A&, as the faid Commiffioners or any Three ^or more of them (hall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, and to and for the Ufe. and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpe&ively. .

XLVI I. And be it further ena&ed. That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be fo ordered to be paid as aforefaid, (hall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes to the Satisfa&ion of the faid Commiffioners or any Five of them, or (hall refufe to execute fuch Conveyance or Conveyances ; or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Mobey (hall be fo ordered to be paid as afofefaid cannot

be

*8° GEO. III.

C. 45.

133

be found $ or if the Perfon or Perfont entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, be not known or difcovered; then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid Commifiioners or any Five or more of them to order the faid Sum or Sums fo awarded to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties intereftcd in the faid Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments [defcribing them], fubjed to the Order, Control and Difpofition of the faid Court; which faid Court, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, (hall be and is hereby empowered, in a fummary Way of Proceeding or otherwife, as to the faid Court fhall feem meet, to order the lame to be laid out and invefted in the Public Funds, or to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpedive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Intereft of the Perfon or Perfons making claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court (hall feem juft and reafonable; and the Caftiier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who (hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums, mentioning and lpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as afbrefaid.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That where any Queftion (hall arif^ touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Ad, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have been in Pofleflion of fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at the time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Pofleflion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, (hall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to fuch Pofleflion, until the contrary (hall be (hewn to the Satisfadion of the faid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, (hall be paid and applied and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it (hall be made appear to the (aid Court that fuch Pofleflion was a wrongful Pofleflion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

XLIX. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That where by reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchafed under the Authority of this Ad, the Purchafe Money for the fame (hall be required to be paid into the faid Court, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance thereof

K 3	refpedively.

found, Purchafe Monty to be paid into the Bank,

fubjed to the Order of the Court of Chancery by Motiou-or Petition.

Caihier of tfee Bank to give a Receipt for fuch Money.

Where Queftion touching Title to Money,the Perfon who (hall be in Pofleflion of the Lands, Ac. at the time cf fuch Purchafe, fhall be deemed entitled according to. fuch Pofleflion.

The Court may order reafonable Eipences of Purchafesto be paid by the Commiffioners..

a 45.

58° GEO. 111.

A. D. 1818.

Mortgagee* not in Poireffion to convey on Tender of Principal and Intereft, and Three Month** further Intereft, by Com mi f-fioners;

or on Notice al Two Months.

Provifo where Mortgage Money more than the Valoe cf the Fremife*.

Provifo where Mortgage comprizes Land* other than thofe taken by the CommM&onem

refpedively, it (hall be lawful for the faid Court to order the Ex* pence* of all Purchafea from tine to time to be made in purfuanct of this Ad, or fo much of fuch Ex pence* as the Court Audi deem reafonable, together with the necefiary Cofts and Charges of obtain-ing fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Commiflioners, who (hall from time to time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purposes ss the faid Court (hall dired.

L. And be it further enaded, That all and every Perfon and Perforin, who (hall hate any Mortgage or Mortgages oo any Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments to be taken or ufed for the Purpose* of this Ad, not being in Poffeffion thereof by virtue of fuch Mortgage or Mortgages, (hall* cm the Tender of the Principal Money and Interefl due thereon, together with the Amount of Three Calendar Months* Intereft on the faid Principal Money, by the faid Commiflioners, or by fnch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall appoint, immediately convey, aflign and transfer fuch Mortgage or Mortgage* to the faid Commiflioners, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall appoint; or in cafe fuch Mortgagee or Mortgagees (hall have Notice in Writing from the faid Commiflioners, or from fnch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall appoint, that they will pay off and difchargt the Principal Money and Intereft which (hall be due on the faid Mortgage or Mortgages at the End or Expiration of Two Calendar Months (to be computed from the Day of giving fuch Notice), that then at the End of the faid Two Calendar Months, on Payment of the Principal and Intereft fo due, fuch Mortgagee or Mortgagees fltatt convey, affign and transfer his, her or their Intereft in the Premifes to the faid Commiflioners, or to fnch Perfon or Perfon# as (hall be appointed in Truft for them; and in cafe fuch Mortgagee or Mortgagees (hall refufe to convey and ai&gn as aforefaid on fuch Tender or Payment, that then all Intereft on every fuch Mortgage fhall from thenceforth cesfe and determine: Provided always, that in cafe the Sum due upon any fuch Mortgage or Mortgages, with all Intereft due thereon, (hall amount to more than the real Value of the Premifes, to be afeertained as direded by this Ad, then the (kid Commiflioners (hall not be liable to pay the Mortgagee or Mortgagees more than the real Value' of fuch Premifes fo afeertained a# aforefaid: Provided alfo, that in cafe any fuch Mortgagee (hall negled or refufe to convey or aflign as aforefaid, then upon Payment of the Principal Money and Intereft due on any Mortgage a6 afore-faid into the Bank of England, at the End of Two Calendar Months from the Day of giving fuch Notice as aforefaid, for tlie Ufe of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Caihier or Caihiers of the Bank (hall give a Receipt or Receipts for the faid Money in like manner as i* hereinbefore direded in Cafes of other Payments into the Bunk \ and thereupon all the Edate. Right, Title, Intereft, Ufe, Truft, Property, Claim and Demand of the faid Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of all and every Perfon and Perfons in Truft for him, her or them, (hall v«ft in the farid Commiflioners, and they (hall be deemed to be in the aduai PofTeffion of the Premifes comprized in fuch Mortgage or Mortgages, for the Purpofes of this Ad, to all Intents and Purpofe# whatsoever: Provided alio, that if fuch Mortgage or Mortgages comprize any other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments than thofe which (haU be fo pnrehafed or taken by the (hid Commifhoners, fuck Mortgagee or Mortgagees fhall, upon Payment or Tender of the

Sum

58® GEO- III.

C.45<

135

Sum fo afcertained as the Value of the faid Lands* Tenements on Hereditaments as aforefaid, forthwith convey, affign and transfer his, her or their Intereft in fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to the faid Coramiffioneri hereby incorporated, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall be appointed in Truft for them; and in Default of their doing fo, and on Payment of fuch Money into the Bank of England^ for the Ufe of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Caffiier or Cafliiers of the Bank (hall give fuch Receipt or Receipts as above mentioned, and thereupon a|l the Eftate, Right, Title, Intereft, Ufe, Truft, Property, Claim and Demand of the faid Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of all and every Perfon and Perfons in Truft tor them, in the faid*Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, the Value whereof (hall have been fo afcertained and paid into the Bank as aforefaid, (hall veft fn the faid Commiflioners, and they (hall be deemed to be in the a&ual Pofleffion of the faid Premifes to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, and fuch Sums of Money (hall be dedu&ed from the Amount of the Principal and Intereft due to fuch* Mortgagee or Mortgagees by virtue of fuch Mortgage or Mortgages.

4 LI. And Whereas the faid Commiffioners may purchafe Lands* * to be made ufe of for the Purpofes of this Ad, and it may happen 4 that no Church or Chapel (hall be built thereoo, and by reafon 4 thereof the fame (hall not be confecrated and devoted for ever to* 4 Ecclefiaftical Purpofes under this Ad, and it may in fuch Cafe 4 become neceflary to refell the fameBe it therefore further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, by Indenture under the Hands and Seals of any Five or more of them, to grant and convey, by way of abfolute Sale, for a Confideration in Money, fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any fuch Part or Parts thereof as (hall not be wanted for the Purpofes of this Ad; and all fuch Conveyances from the faid Commiffioners (hall be valid and effedual, any thing in this Ad contained, or any other Law, Statute or Cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife not with-(banding; and upon Payment of the Money which (hail arife by 8ale or Saks of fuch Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, k (hall and may be lawful for the Secretary for the time being to the faid Com-miffioners to (ign and give Receipts for the Money for which the fame (hall be fold, which Receipts fhall he fufficient Difcharges to any Perfon or Perfons for the Purchafe Money for which fuch Lands or Buildings (hall he fo fold, or for fo much thereof as in fuch Receipts (ball be acknowledged or expreffed to he received, and fuch Perfon-or Perfons (hall not afterwards he anfwerable or accountable for any Lofs, Misapplication or Nonapplication of fuch Purchafe Money or any Part thereof« Provided always, that the faid Commiffioners, before they (hall fell and difpofe of fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, (hall firft offer to refell the fame to the Perfon or Perfons from whom they (hall have purchased the fame, or would have been then entitled thereto, in cafe the fame had not been purchafed by the faid Commiffioners,. the Price at which the fame (hall be refold being adjufted and fettled by a Jury, in like manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in purfuance of this A& is hereinbefore dire&ed to be fettled, in cafe of Difference or Difpute as to the Value thereof $ and if fuch Perfon or Perfons (hajl not agree, or (hall refofe to rspurshafe the fame, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons, not interefted in the Premifes, to make an Affile 4	davit.

Commiffionerr empowered to refell Lands not wanted.

Firft Offer of Refale to be made to the Perfons of whom the Lands were bought.

C. 45,

58° GEO. nr.

A.D.1818.

136

0

Allowing Com-mifftoners to procure Sites for Churches for Parifhes already empowered, or who are defirous to build, Sec. without Aid from the Com-miifiooers.

Commiflioners not to take certain Premifes without Leave of Owners, See.

Commiffioners may advance Money to ParUhes to pur-chafe Sites.

If Pari(h does not procure a Site, Commif-(ioners may, and charge the Ei-pence upon the Parifh, &c.

davit, to be fworn before a Matter Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of Hia Majefty's Juftices of the Peace for the County where fuch Lands (hall be fituate, dating that fuch Otter was made by or on behalf of the faid Commiffioners, and that fuch Perfon or Perfons did not agree or refufe to purchafe fuch Lands or Buildings, as the Cafe may be; and fuch Affidavits (hall in all Courts be fufficient Evidence and Proof tbat fuch Offer was made, and not agreed to, or refufed.

LI I. And be it further enafted, That in every Cafe in which any Parifh or Extra Parochial Place is or (hall be empowered by any Aft Or Afts of Parliament to build any Church or Chapel, or enlarge any exifting Church or Chapel, and alfo in every Cafe in which any Parifh or Extra Parochial Place (hall be defijrous of building any Church or Chapel, or enlarging any exifting Church or Cnapel, and defraying the Expence thereof without any Aid from the Com-miffioners in that behalf, and are not able to' procure a fit and proper Site for fuch new Church or Chapel, or for the enlarging fuch exifting Church or Chapel, by reafon of the Inability of any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies, interefted in fuch Site or any Part thereof, to convey or make a good Title to the fame, freed and difeharged from all Incumbrances, or (hall be unwilling to treat for the Sale thereof, or cannot agree for fuch Sale and Purchafe, then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, if, upon Application made for that Purpofe, and upon a Statement of all the Circumftances of the Cafe, they (hall think it proper and expedient to proceed, under the Provifions of this Aft, to procure fuch Site, and the Expence of procuring fuch Site (Hall be chargeable and charged upon the Parifti or Extra Parochial Place making fuch Application, in like manner as in Cafes of Money advanced for Sites under this A61; and all the Powers, Authorities, Provifions and Regulations and Claufes in this Aft contained, in relation to procuring Sites for Churches to be built under the Provifions thereof, (hall extend and apply to the procuring and taking of fuch Sites as fully in any refpeft as if fuch Churches or Chapels were built under the Provifions of this Aft.

LI 11. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained' (hall empower the faid Commiffioners to take any private Dwelling Houfe or Offices, or Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Pleafure Ground, Paddock or Planted Walk or Avenue appurtenant thereto, without the Confent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof.

LI V. And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners to advance Money to any Parifti or Extra Parochial Place to purchafe any Site or Sites, in cafe, from the Amount of the Sum, or the State of the Parifti or Extra Parochial Place as to its Population, Parochial Rates and other Circomftances, it may appear to the Commiffioners to be proper to make fuch Advance; and the Commiftioners (hall in every fuch Cafe ailign Periods for Repayment of all Money fo advanced, by Inftalments within Ten Years.

LV. And be it further enafted, That if no Site (hall be provided in any Parifti or Extra Parochial Place, and duly notified to the faid Commiffioners, within Six Months after Notice (hall have been given by the faid Commiffioners that a Site would be required in fuch Parifti or Extra Parochial Place, it (hall be lawful for the faid

Commiffioners,

58® GEO. IIL

C. 45<

137

Commiflioners, and they are hereby empowered to purchafe a Site, and charge the Expence of fuch Purchafe upon the Rates raifed or to be raifed under the Provifions of this Ad in fuch Pari Hi or Extra Parochial Place, giving Notjcd of the Amount, and of the Periods within which the Repayment by Inftalments will be required.

L.VJ. And be it further enaded, That the Church Rates of the Parifh (hall in all Cafes be and be deemed in Law to be the Security for the Repayment of all Money expended by the Parifh in providing any Site or Sites, or advanced by the Commiflioners to any Parim under the Provifions of this Ad, or paid by the Commiflioners in Cafes of Negled in providing Sites; and all fuch Sums of Money fo expended or advanced under the Provifions of this Adi, in carrying into Execution the Purpofes thereof in any Parifh, fhall be and are hereby made chargeable and charged upon fuch Rates; and the Churchwardens fhall in every fuch Cafe make, and they are hereby requirccftnd empowered to make, proper and fufficient Rates for repaying fuch Expences and Advances within the Periods or at the times which fhall be fpecified by the Commiflioners under the Authority of this Adi in that behalf.

LVII. And be it further enaded, That in every Cafe in which any Sum or Sums of Money fhall have been expended in purchafing any Site or Sites for any Church or Churches, or Chapel or Chapels, or advanced by the Commiflioners under the Provifions of this Ad, for any Extra Parochial Place in which no Church Rates fhall be made, raifed or colleded, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners to. require any Juft ice or Juftices ading in or for the Divifion of the County in which fuch Extra Parochial Place fhall be, and every fuch Juftice or Juftices (hall, from time to time as the Cafe may require, appoint Two or more proper Perfons to make, raife, colled and levy Rates for making all luch Payments and Repayments as may be required under the Provifions of this Adt; and all fuch Perfons fo appointed fhall have all fuch and the like Powers and Authorities for making, railing, levying and coiledting and enforcing Payment of any fuch Rates, as any Churchwardens have by Law in that behalf, and are hereby required and empowered to make, raife, levy and colledt fufficient Rates for making fuch Payments and Repayments as aforefaid; and all Sums fo expended or advanced fhall be charged upon fuch Rates, and paid thereout at fuch Times, and in like manner and under the like Provifions, as if fuch Place had been and was a Parifh in which Church Rates were made, levied and col-ledted by Law; and all fuch Rates fhall be deemed in Law Church Rates for the Purpofes of this Adt, and made, raifed, levied, colledted and accounted for as fuch; and all Ads of Parliament, andClaufes, Provifions, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in any Ad or Ads of Parliament, and afl Powers, Authorities and Laws, Ecclefiaftical or others, for the making, railing, levying, coiledting and accounting for Church Rates, fhall apply and be enforced for the making, raifing, levying and colleding fuch Rates »in any fuch Extra Parochial Place from time to time, when and fo often as it ‘fhall be or become neceflary to make or raife any fuch Rates for the Purpofes of tlfis Ad.

LVIII. Arid be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for the Churchwardens of any Parifh, or Perfons appointed in any Extra Parochial Place, with ttie. Confent in any Parifh of the Veftry or Seled

Sums expended in purchafing Sites, or advanced to Pariihea by Commiflioners, to be charged upon and paid out of the Church Rates.

In what cafe Rates may be raifed by Juft ice of Peace in Extra Parochial Places for the Purposes of Ad.

Such Rates deemed Church Rates.

Churchwardens, fee. may borrow Money on Credit of Rates.

C.45.

58° GEO. Ill

A. D. 1818.

And alfo Money for the Enlargement of e&ifting Churches or Chapels.

Fund for Repay* meat.

No Application to be made for building, &c. by means of Rates, tinlefs with Content of Majority of Inhabitants paying Poor Rates; or where there is a 5ele& Veftry, then with Con-fen t of not lets than Four Fifths of fuch Veftry; and alfo with Consent of Two thirds in Value of the Proprietors of Lands, dec.

Veftry, or Perfons pofieffing, under any A& Of Ada of Parliament) the Powers of Veftry, and with the Confent in any Extra Parochial Place of the Majority of the Perfons who would be entitled to vote in Veftry, if the fame had been a Parifh aftembled at any Meeting called for that Purpofe, with Notice given in the Church or Chapel of the Extra Parochial Place, or in the Church or Chapel neareft adjoining thereto, to borrow any Money upon the Credit of the Rates of the Parifh or Extra Parochial Place fo to be made as aforefkid; and they are hereby empowered and required, in any Cafe in which fuch Money fhali have been borrowed, to raife by Rate a Sum fuffident, from time to time, to pay the Intereft of the Money fo borrowed, and One twentieth Part of the principal Sum borrowed out of the Produce of fuch Rates, until the whole of the Money fo borrowed fhali be repaid.

LIX. And be it further ena&ed, That it fhali and may be lawfu for the Churchwardens of any Parifh, with the Confent of t)te Veftry or Seled Veftry, or Perfons pofieffing the Powers of Veftry, and witjj the Confent of the Bifhop and Incumbent, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to borrow and raife, upon the Credit of the Rates of any fuch Parifh, fuch Sum or Sums of Money as fhali be necefTary for defraying the Expence or any Part of the Expence of enlarging or otherwife extending the Accommodation in the then exi fling Churches or Chapels of fuch Parifh; and to make Rates for the Payment of the Intereft of fuch Sum or Sums of Money fo to be borrowed and raifed, and for providing a Fund of not lefs than the Amount of the Intereft upon the Sum advanced for the Repayment of the Principal thereof j or for repaying fuch Principal in fuch manner and at fuch Times and in fuch Proportions as fhali be agreed upon with the Perfons advancing any fuch Money: Provided always, that One Half of the additional Accommodation which fhali be obtained by any fuch Expenditure fhali be allotted to uninclofed or free Seats.

LX. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That no Appli* cation and Offer to build or to enlarge any Church or Chapel, either wholly or in part, by means of any Rates upon any Parifh, fhali be made, unlefs the major Part of the Inhabitants and Occupiers affeffcd to the Relief of the Poor, in Veftry aftembled, fhali confent thereto, or where any Parifh fhali be under the Care and Management of any Seled Veftry, or other Seleft Body, then with the Confent of not left than Four Fifths of fuch Sde& Veftry, by whatever Name the fame may be called, fucb Confent to be certified to fome Juft ice of the Peace ading for the Divifion in which fuch Parifh or Extra Parochial Place fhali be fituated, by One or more of the Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifh or Place in refpcd of which the Application fhali be made; nor unlefs Two third Parts in Value of the Proprietors of Meffuages, Lands and Tenements within fuch Parifh (whether for Eftates ofFreehold or Copyhold, or by virtue of Leafes for Terms of not lefs than Fifteen Years abfohite, or determinable upon a Life or Lives,) fhali have contented thereto; fuch Contents to be give* by Writing under the Hands of all Perfons and Corporations Sole, and the Confent of every Corporation Aggregate, under the Hand of the Prefident, Head or Chief Member thereof for the time being, and the Contents of Femes Covert, Minors, Infane Perfons and Perfons out of the Kingdom, by and under the Hands of their iffpcdive 9	Huibandsj

58* GEO. III.

C. 45.

189

Huibands* Guardians* Committees* Truftcet, Attomies or Agents* wl>6 are refpeftively authorized to five fuch Confent a, and the Con-fent of the major Part of the TruSees for any charitable or other Purpofe*, (hall he fufficient in refpeft of the Truft Eft ate.

I.XI. Provided alfo* and be it further enafted* That it (hall be lawful for the Churchwardens of the Parifti or Extra Parochial Place in which any fuch Church or Chapel (hall be built* upon any fuch Application of the Parifhtoners or Inhabitants of an Extra Parochial Place as aforefaid* and they are hereby authorized and ‘required, to make Rates for the raHing the Portion ftated in any fuch Application to be provided by means of Rates* if the Church or Chapel is pro-pofed to be bnilt partly by Subscription and partly by fuch Rates; or for railing the Sum neceffary for the building any fuch Church or Chapel* if the whole Ex pence is proposed to be defrayed by Rates; or to borrow any fuch Sums upon the Credit of any fuch Rates; and in every fuch Cafe to make Rates for the Payment of the Iatfcreft of any Monies advanced for the building any inch Church or Chapel upon the Credit of the Rate, and for providing a Fund of not left than the Amount of the Intereft upon the Sum advanced for the Repayment of the Principal thereof* or for repaying fuch Principal in fuch manner and at fuch times and in fuch Proportions as (hall be agreed upon with the Perfons advancing any fuch Money.

L.XII. And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the (aid Cdmmiffioners, and they art hereby empowered, to build or caufe to be built Churches or Cnapels* under the Provifions of this Aft, upon fuch Plans as they (hall deem moft expedient for the affording (it and proper Accommodation for the largeft Number of Perfons at the lraft Expeace $ and fuch Part of every fuch Church or Chapel as the Commiffioners, with the Confent of the Bi(hop of the Diocefe* Ggnified under his Hand and Seal, (hall direft, arranged in Pews, to be difpofed of and let under ike Provifions of this Aft; and the Part not fo arranged fhall remain and be affigned for freeJSeats* to be ufed by the Parifltioners or Inhabitants of the PariftiV Diftrift* or Extra Parochial Place in which fuch Church or Chapel (hall be built or acquired, without any Payment whatever.

LXIIL And be it further enafted. That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners to make fuch Orders as they (hall deem expedient as to the Amount of Rent to be referred for each Pew or Seat in any fucb Church or Chapel; and the Produce of fuch Rents (ball form a Fund* out of which Provifion (hall be made for the Spiritual Perfon appointed to fervo the Church or Chapel* and for a Clerk.

LXIV. And be it further enafted* That it (hall be lawful for the {aid Commiffioners to affign out of Pew Rents a proper Stipend to the Spiritual Ferfon (Serving any foch Church or Chapel* with Con* of the Biihopc of the Diocefe, regard being had to the Extent and Population of the Diftrift affigned to the Church or Chapel, and the Sum which may probably be necefiary to enable fuch Spiritual Perfon to procure a Refidence in the Diftrift, and to all other Cxr-cumftances; and the faid Commiffioners # may alfo affign Salaries to the Clerks of fuch Churches or Chapels; and if the Commiffioners and Btihops do not agree as to the Amount of any fuch Stipend* fuch Amount (hall be fettled by the Archbiftiop of the Province.

LXV. And

Churchwarden* of Parifh where Church, 9cc. built may r life Rates for the Purpoft.

Commiffioners may build Churches upon fuch Plans as they fhall think molt convenient.

Confent of Bifhop.

Commiffioners may fettle Amount of Rents of Pews $ Application of Produce.

Commiflionert to affign Stipend# to Clergymen out of Pew Rents; by whom Differ-1 ences between Commiffioners and BHhop as co Stipends decided.

C. 45.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

Bifoopt may	LXV.	And be it further enadbed, That in any Parish or Extra

formance ofY* Parochial Place in which it (hall appear to the Bifhop of the Diocefc Third Service that the Churches or Chapels noW exifting, or which may be built with a Sermon, or provided under any of the Provifions of this Ad, do not or under certain will not afford fufficient Accommodation for the Parifhioners or Circumftances. Inhabitants thereof to attend Divine Service, according to the Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland, and in which fucb Bifhop (hall be of opinion that it is expedient that additional Accommodation fhould be provided for fuch Purpofe, and that fuch Purpofe would be anfwcred by the Celebration, on Sunday*, and on the great Feftivals, of a Third or additional Divine Service, being either the Morning or Evening Service of the United Church of England and Ireland, as fhall be diredted by the Bifhop of the Diocefe, with a Sermon, in the Churches or Chapels exifting at the time of paffing this Aft, or by the Celebration of a Third or additional Sendee as aforefaid, with a Third Sermon, in any Church or Chapel which may be built or provided under any of the Provifions of this A&, it (hall be lawful for fuch Bifhop to require the Incumbent of every fuch Parifh, Diftridfc Parifh dr Extra Parochial Place, to nominate to him a proper Perfon to be licenfed to ferve as a Curate in the exifting Church or Chapels, for the Performance of fuch additional or Third Service wi& a Sermon, or in any Church or Chapel which may be built or provided as aforefaid, for the Performance of fuch additional or Third Service with a Third Sermon ; and fuch Incumbent fhall within Six Months after fuch Requifition nominate fneb Curate to the Bifhop to be licenfed, and in default of fuch Nomination fuch Bifhop is hereby empowered to nominate and licenfe a Proj>ortionof	proper Curate for the Purpofe aforefaid; and the faid Bifhop is

PeT*	hereby empowered to require the Churchwardens of every fuch

Smice! T" rd	Church or Chapel to let for	the laid additional Service fuch Pro-

,ce*	portion of the Pews of fuch	Church or Chapel, not being a Pew

held by Faculty or Prefcription, and at fuch Rates, as in the Opinion of fuch Bifhop fhall be fufficient to afford a competent Salary to fuch Curate, and fuch Churchwardens are hereby empowered and required fo to let the fame, and to raife and levy, in the manner direfted by this A£t, the Rents from the Perfons who may take the Pews, reserving fuch Number of Sittings as free Seats, as to fuch Bifhop fhall appear expedient, not being lefs than One Provifofor offer fourth: Provided always, that if in any Parifh, Diftri& Parifh or to ^ovideTor* ^ace a8 aforefaid, any Number of Perfons fhall reprefent to fuch thefameky	Bifhop that they are willing to	provide by Subscription fuch an annual

Subfcription.	Sum as may he fufficient to	afford a competent Salary to a Curate

for the Performance of fuch additional Service with a Sermon, or for the Performance of fuch additional Service with a Third Sermon; and if the Bifhop fhall be of Opinion that fuch Mode of providing a Salary for fuch Curate is more expedient than the railing of fuch Salary by Pew Rents, it fhall he lawful for fuch Bifhop* and be is hereby empowered, to require the Incumbent of fuch Church or Chapel to nominate a Curate to him as aforefaid, and in default to Cuntts for fuch appoint a Curate himfelf: Provided always, that fuch Curate fo nominated and licenfed for the Performance of fuch Third Service an cfaryCwites!”	fhall be fubjeft to all Jurifdi&ion, Laws, Statutes and Pro-

7	vifiona	to which Stipendiary Curates are fubjeft, except fo far as

relates to the Amount of Salary, and the Mode of raffing and paying

9*	the

58® GEO. III.

HI

A. D. 1818.

C.45.

the fame, which (hall be regulated according to the Provifions of this AA.

LXVI. And be it further enaAed, That in cafe of fuch Provifion for the Performance of an additional or Third Service being made by Subfcription, that every Perfon fo fubferibing, being a Parifhioner, (hall have the Option of any Pew in fuch Church or Chapel, not being a Pew held by Faculty or Prefcription, for the time of fuch additional Service and Sermon, according to the Amount of his or their refpeAive Subscriptions $ or, in cate of Equality of the Sums fubferibed, according to the Date of his or their Subscriptions; and (hall continue to hold fuch Pew fo long as he or they (hall pay fuch Subfcription, and no longer: Provided alfo, that if at any future time the whole Amount of fuch Subfcription (hall fail to produce fuch a Sum as (hall be deemed by fuch Bi(hop a competent Salary for fuch Curate, fuch Bi(hop (haU and may in fuch cafe authorize and require the Churchwardens to raife, by letting a Proportion of the Pews as aforefaid, fuch Sum or further Sums as may be fufficient for making up the (aid Salary : Provided always, that the Salary to be given to fuch Curate for the Performance ot the faid additional Service with Sermon (hall in no Cafe, except when raifed entirely by Subfcription, exceed the Sum of Eighty Pounds per Annum.

LXVII. And be it further enaAed, That the Nomination or Appointment of the Spiritual Perfon to Serve all fuch DiftriA Churches and Chapels (hall belong to the Patron of the Church of the Pari(h or Extra Parochial Place out of which fuch DiftriA (hall be taken ; and the Spiritual Perfon fo prefented and inftituted or licenfed (as the Cafe may be) by the Bifhop of the Diocefe (hall be fubjeA to the fame Jurisdiction and Vihtation as the Incumbent of the Parifli now is.

LXVIII. Provided always, That in any Cafe in which any Chapel (hall he built, either wholly or in part, oy means of any Kates to be raifed in any Parifh, the firft and fubfeqnent Nominations of the Minifter of the Chapel (hall be in the Incumbent of the Church of the Parifli or Extra Parochial Place in which fuch Chapel (hall be built.

LXIX. Provided always, That nothing in this AA contained (haU extend to or affeA the Right of the Principal and Scholars of the KingV Hall and College of Brazen Nofe in the Univerfity of Oxfordf and their Succeflors, to nominate and prefent from time to time fit Clerks to officiate in all Churches or Chapels built or to be built within the Parifli of Stebbunbeatb, otherwife called Stepney, in the County of Middleftx ; which Right was and is fecured and confirmed to the faid Principal and Scholars, and their Succeflors, by Several A As of Parliament made in the Ninth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her late Majefty Queen Anne; but that the faid . Right (hall continue and remain to them in refpeA of all Churches or Chapels that may by virtue of this A A be built or conftituted within the (aid Parifli, or within an Portion, Divifion or DiftriA thereof, or which by virtue of this A A may be Separated therefrom; any thing in this A A contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXX. And be it further enaAed, That the Repairs of all fuch DiftriA Churches or Chapels (hall be made by the DiftriAs to which they refpeAively belong, bv Rates to be raifed within the DiftriA, in Uke manner as in cafe of Repairs of Churches by Pariflies $ and

every

Subscribers in-titled to Pews.

Provifo where Subfcriptions do not produce fufficient Salary for Cugate.

Amount of Salary.

Patronage ef

DiftriA

Churches to be in Patron of Parifti Church.

In what cafe Nomination of Minifter of Chapel in Incumbent.

Provifo for Rights of Bjraxen Nofe College to pre-fent Clerks to Churches within the Parilh of Stepney.

Repairs of DiftriA Churches to be made by Rates upon the DiftriA.

C. 45.

53° GEO. III.

A.D.1BI*.

Diftrift to remain liable for Repairs of Parifh Church for 2Q Years.

Deeds, &c. for Clergymen's Salaries to be enrolled.

Appointment of Churchwardens.

To be admitted and fworn; their Duty,

and Power.

How to fue.

every fuch Didrift (hall be deemed in Law a feparate and diftinft Parifh for that Purpofe ; and the Repairs of all Chapels not made Diftrift Churches (hall be made by the Pari(h in or for which the Chapels (hall be built.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That every fuch Diftrift (hall remain neverthelefs fubjvft for Twenty Years, to be accounted from the Day upon which the Diftrift Church or Chapel (hall be confecrated, to the Repair of the original Pariih Church, and be deemed Part of the original Parifh for all Parpofes of fuch Repairs, and the making and levying of Rates for that Purpofe $ and from and after the Expiration of fuch Twenty Years, the Parifh Church (hall be repaired by the Diftrift of the Parifh kft ai belonging to it after the other Divifions of Diftrifts are made ; and each Diftrift (hall for ever thereafter make, raife, levy, colleft and apply feparate and diftinft Rates for Repairs of the Church or Churches or Chapels of the Diftrift, as if a feparate Parifh.

LXXII. And be it further enafted, That every Deed, Grant or Endowment for fecuring a Provifion or Salary to the Spiritual Perfon ferving any Church or Chapel under this Aft, fhall be enrolled in the Court of Chancery; and regiftered in the Regiftry of the Diocefe.

LXXIII. And be it further enafted, That Two fit and proper Perfons (hall be appointed to aft as Churchwardens for every Church or Chapel built or appropriated under the Provifions of this Aft, at the ufual Period of appointing Parifh Officers iff every Year, and (hall be chofen, One by the Incumbent of the Church or Chapel for the time being, and the other by the Inhabitant Hoafeholders entitled to vote in the Eleftion of Churchwardens refiding in the Diftrift to which the Church or Chapel (hall belong, and of any Extra Parochial Place by fuch Inhabitant Houfeboldert as would be entitled to vote in the Eleftion of Churchwardens if fuch Extra Parochial Place had been a Parifh; and the Two Perfons, when fo elefted Churchwardens, (hall appear and be admitted and fworn according to Law, and (hall colleft and receive the Rents of . the Seats and Pews, and pay the Stipends or Salaries appointed by the Commtf-fioncrs to be paid to the Minifter and Clerk of and belonging to the Church or Chapel for the time being, and alfo (hall do, perform and execute all lawful A6b, matters and things neoeflary and requifite for and concerning the Repairs, Management, good Order and Decency of Behaviour to be kept and obferved in the Church or Chapel by the Congregation thereof; and the Perfons fo to be appointed or chofen Churchwardens fhal| continue in their faid Office until others (hall be chofen in like manner in their Stead; and all the Perfons fo chofen Churchwardens are hereby authorized and empowered, in cafe of Non Payment of the Rents of the Seats and Pews of the Church or Chapel for which they (hall be appointed, to enter upon and fell the fame, or elft to fue for and recover the fame by Aftion or Aftions for fuch Rents, in the Names of “ The Churchwardens of the Church or Chapel of” rdeferibing the fame,] as the Cafe (hall or may require, without fpecifying the Chriftian or Surnames of fuch Churchwardens; and no fuch Aftion (hall abate by reafon of the Death or Removal or gong out of Office of any fuch Churchwarden.

LXXIV. And

A. D. 1318.

58° GEO. III.

C. 45,

143

LXXIV. And be it further ena6ted, That the Churchwardens of erery Pari lb in which any additional Chapel (hall be built or provided under any of the Provifions of this A6fc, without making any Divifion thereof into feparate Parities or Diftrid Parifhes, (hall be and are hereby authorized and required to execute and do all fuch things as the Churchwardens to be appointed under the Provifions of this Ad are authorized and required to do*

LXXV. And be it further ena&ed, That before the Confecra-tion of any Church or Chapel under the Provifions of this Adt a Seat or Pew fufficient to hold Six Perfons at lead (hall be fet apart in the Body or Ground Floor of the Church or Chapel, and contiguous or near to the Pulpit, for the Ufe of the Minifter of the Church of Chapel for the time being, and his Family ; and other Seats in fome other convenient Part of the Church or Chapel, not among the Free Seats, capable of containing not lefs than Four Perfons, (hall alfo in like manner be fet apart for the Ufe of the Minifter’s Servants ; and that Pews, Sittings, or Benches in every fuch Church or Chapel, to be marked with the Words “ Free Seats,” amounting in the whole to not lefs than One fifth Part of the whole of the Sittings in every fuch Church or Chapel which (hall be built, either wholly or tn part, out of any Rates, or with any Money railed upon the Credit of any Rates of the Parifit or Extra Parochial Place, (hall alfo be appropriated and fet apart for the Ufe of poor Perfons reforting thereto for ever $ upon which Pews fo to be let apart for the Minifter, his Family and Servants, and the Pews, Sittings or Benches fo appropriated for the Ufe of the Poor, no Rent or Afiefiment whatever (hall at any time be charged or impofed,

LXXVI* And be it further ena&ed, That all Subfcribers being Parifliioners to any Church or Chapel built under the Authority of this A& (hall have Choice of Pews at the Rates fixed by the Conv miffionera under the Provifions of. this A61, in the Order of their Amount of Subscription ; and as to Subfcribers of the fame Amouut in the Order of their Subfcription*

LXXVII. And be it further ena&cd, That all the Pews or Seats in every fuch Church or Chapel, (fave and except the Pews and Seats panicularly fet down as Free feats,) (hall for ever be charged and chargeable with the feveral and refpe&ive yearly Rents or Sums fet oppofite to the Figures or Numbers marked upon each of the (aid Pews or Seats, as they (hall be particularly numbered and fet down in a Lift or Schedule to be made and figned by the Commiilioners, and annexed to the Deed of Confecration of every fuch Church or Chapel $ and which faid refpe&ive yearly Rents or Sums#(hall be paid by the Pofleflors and Occupiers of the Pews or Seats to the Perfons who (hall from time to time be appointed the Churchwardens of the faid Church or Chapel, by Two equal Half Yearly Payments in each Year, namely, on the Monday next after the Nativity of our Saviour Cbrifif and the Nativity of Saint John the Baptifit in the Veftry Room of the Church or Chapel, between the Hours of Nine in the Forenoon and Four in the Afternoon*

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enaffced, That it (hall be lawful for the Churchwardens of any fuch Church or Chapel, at any time thereafter, with the Gonfent in Writing of the Incumbent, and of the Patron of the Church or Chapel refpedively for the time being, and of the Bifttop of the Diocefe, to alter any fuch yearly

Rent

Churchwardens to alt in Parifhes where additional Chapel* (hall be built.

Pew* to he provided for Minify ter, See. and Free Seats fo? poor Perfons.'

No Rent, Sec. on the Pews of Minifter and poor Perfona.

Subfcribers to have Choice of Pews.

How Pews let to raife the Sun required for Miniftera’ Sab* lies, &c. are to be charged*

Churchwardens may, with Con-fern of Incumbent, Patron and Bifhop alter Pew Rents.

Ci 45*

GEO. III.

A. D. 1818.

For the Recovery of Pew Rents Half Yearly.

Proceedings for Rent of Pews in Arrear.

No Opening to be made in any Church or Chapel for the Purpofes of Burial;or Grave made in any Churchyard at a left Diftauce than ao Feet from external Wails of the Church.

Provifo for Burials in Vaults. Penalty 50L

Rent or Sums 5 and in any fuch cafe a new Lift or Schedule of Rents or Sums, and the Pews or Seats upon which the fame are refpedively charged, (hall be figned by the Churchwardens, Incumbent, Patron and Biftiop refpe&ively, and (hall be deposited with the Deed of Con-fecration of the Church or Chapel.

LXX1X. And be it further ena&ed, That every Perfon or Perfons poflefled of a Seat or Pew in every fuch Church or Chapel, (hall pay the Rents charged thereon as aforefaid at Two equal Half Yearly Payments, to wit, on the Monday next after the Nativity of our Saviour Cbri/i, and the Nativity of Saint John the Baftifi, in every Year; and in cafe the Rent of any fuch Pew or Seat or any Part thereof (hall happen to be behind and unpaid by the Space of Three Months next after the fame (hall become due, and Notice in Writing demanding Payment thereof (hall have been given to the Owner or Occupier of fuch Seat or Pew, then the faid Churchwardens for the time being of the Church or Chapel (hall and may either enter upon and hold fuch Seat or Pew, or let the fame to any other Perfon or Perfons, in fuch manner as fuch Churchwardens (hall think proper, until the Rent fo in Arrear, and all Cods and Charges which (hall have been occafioned by the Nonpayment or in the Recovery thereof, (hall be duly paid and fatisfied ; or otherwise to fell the fame Pewi or Seats refpe&ively by Public Auftion to the beft Bidder, and ont of the Money thence arifing pay and fatisfy the faid Rent in Arrear, rendering jthe Overplus (if anyj, after deducting all reasonable Cods and Charges occafioned by or in confequence of fuch Rent being in Arrear and in the Recovery thereof, to the Owner or Occupier of fuch Pews or Seats refpe&ively (as the cafe may be) ; or the faid Church* wardens, at their Difcretion, may fue for and recover the faid Rent fo in Arrear by Adion of Debt or upon the cafe, for the Ufe and Occupation of fuch Pew or Seat, to be brought againft the Owner or Owners, or any Occupier or Occupiers thereof, in the Name of ** The Churchwardens of the Church or Chapel of” [describing the Church or Chapel] ; and no fuch A&ion or Suit (hall abate by reafon of the Death, Removal or going out of Office of any Churchwarden.

LXXX. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall not be lawful to break up the Pavement, or to open the Soil beneath the fame, within any Church or Chapel to be ereaed under the Provifions of tbit Alt, for the Purpofes of Burial, or to make any Grave in any Cemetery or Churchyard thereunto adjacent or belonging, at any lefs Di(lance than Twenty Feet from the External Walls of fuch Church or Chapel refpedively ; Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall extend,or be conftrued to extend to prevent the Burial of Dead Bodies in any Vault wholly arched with Brick or Stone, which may have been conftru&ed for luch Purpofes under any Church or Chapel, and to which the only Accefs (hall be by Steps on the Outiade of the external Walls thereof; and if any Burial (hall take place, or any Grave be made, otherwife than is herein provided, the Perfon or Perfons ordering or caufing the fame to be made (hall for every fuch Offence, on Convi&ion thereof before any Two of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County or Place, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and in default of Payment thereof the fame (hall and may be levied and recovered, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Juftices, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus (if

any)

A.D.181$,

58° GEO. IIL

C. 45.

-145

any) to the Owner thereof; of which Penalty one Moiety (hall be given to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Ufe of the Poor of the Parifh.

LXXXI. And be it further enaded, That Accbunts (hall annually Account! to bo be laid before both Houfos of Parliament9 of the Progrefa made by the (aid Commiffioners in Execution of the Purpofea of this Ad, # u m<nu dating the Number of Church^ or Chapela built or buildings the Stipends affigned to the Incumbents or Curatea thereof, the Money expended, and for what Purpofea, and all fuch other Particulars as (hall be ueceflary for explaining the Progrefs made in carrying the Purpofea 4>f this Ad into Execution.

LXXXII. And be it further enaded, That the CommiiHoners for Commiffiotiers the Execution of this A61 (hall and may receive and fend all Letters "“7 recehretnd and Packets relating to the Execution of the Powers of this Ad, free Jjjj* from the Duty of Poftage, provided that fuch Letters and Packets Jre* ofPofbgv. (hall be direded to “ His Majefty’s Commiffionera appointed under “ the Ad for the building and promoting the building of additional 44 Churchesand that all fuch Letters and Packets as (hall be fent the faid Commiffionera (hall be dated from their faid Office, and (hall be (igned on the Outfide of fuch Letters and Packets by fuch Perfon as the faid Commiffionera for the Execution of this Ad (hall appoint, with the Con fent of the faid Commiffionera of His Majefty’s Treafury, or any Three or more of them, under fuch Reilridions and Regulations as the faid Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury (hall think proper and dired.

LXXXI II. And be it further enaded. That uo Adion or Suit Umittfai df (hall be commenced again ft any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing doge Adion* for exe-by virtue of or in pursuance of this Ad, until Fourteen Days’ Notice Aa, and thereof in Writing (hall have been given to the Secretary for the time being of tbe faid Commiffioners, nor after a fufficient Satisfadion or 8 9 a Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed ; and fuch Adion (hall be brought in the faid Court of Exchequer in England, and (hall be laid in tbe County of Middlefcxy and not elfe-where; and ‘the Defendant or Defendants in fuch A&ion or Suit (hall and may plead the General Iffue, and give this Ad and the fpe-cial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Ad ; and if the fame (hall appear to be fo done, or if fuch A6tion or Suit (hall be brought after the time hereinbefore limited for bringing the fame, or (hall be brought without Fourteen Days’ Notice thereof, or (hall be brought in any other County or Place, or after a fufficiept Satisfadion made or’ tendered as aforefaid* that then the Jury (hall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (kali become nonfuited, or fuffer a Difconrinuance of his, her or their Adion dr Adions, or if a Verdid (hall pafs againft the Plaintiff pr Plaintiffs, the Defondant or Defendants (hall have Treble Cofts, apd Treble Cods, (hall have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendapt or Defendants hath or have for Cofts of Suit in any other Cafes by Law.

LXXXIV. Provided always, and be k further enaded and declared, ProvUo fqr That neither this Ad, nor any thing herein contained, (hall extend to invalidate or avoid any Ecdefiaftical Law or Conftitution of the Btfhop,&c* Chur * "	1	of	the	Rights	or	Powers	be-

longing

HG

€.45,46.	58°	GEO.	III.	A.D.18I8.

and for Exercife of Ecdefiaftical Jurtfdi&jon.

A€t may bo altered, Arc. in this Seflion.

longing to any Bifhop of any Diocefe, or any Archdeacon, Chancellor or Official.

LXXXV. And he it further enaded and declared; That he and they refpedively may at all times hereafter vifit, inftitute and exercife Ecdefiaftical Jurifcudion in all the Parifhes to be ereded or divided by virtue or in purfuance of this Ad, or in any Part or Place within the fame, as amply as they or any of* them may do now therein, and in fuch manner as in any other Parifhes or Places within his or their Diocefe or 'Jurifdi&ion refpedively.

LXXXVI. And be it further enaded, That this Ad or any of the Provifions thereof may be amended, altered or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be patted m this prefent Seflion of Parliament.

CAP. XL VI.

An Ad for Relief of Perfons entitled to Entailed Eflates, to be purchafed with Truft Monies, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland•	[30th May	1818.]

WHEREAS by the Pradice of Courts of Equity in that lfert

of the United Kingdom called Ireland, in Cafes in which

• Money under the Controul of fuch Courts is fubjed to be laid out

‘ ‘ in the Purchafe of Lands to be limited to Ufes capable of being

* barred by Fine, the faid Courts dired fuch Money to be paid to

* the Party or Parties who could by Fine bar the Ufes to which fuch

• Lands, in cafe the fame had been purchafed, would have been

* limited, and do not reauire or compel the adual Inveftment of fuch

4 Monies in {he Purchale of Lands, notwithftanding other Perfons

• might take Eftates or Interefts therein if the fame were purchafed,

,	4 ana be entitled to hold fuch Eftates or Interefts until fuch Fine

4 was adually levied: And whereas neverthelefs, where Money under

4 the Controul of the faid Courts is fubjed to be invefted in the

4 Purchafe of Lands to be # limited to Ufes not capable of being

4 barred by Fine, but capable of being barred by Recovery, the faid

4 Courts, according to the Pradice thereof, refufe to dired the fame

4 to be paid to the Party or Parties who, in cafe futh Lands had

4 been purchafed, could by Recovery have barred all the Ufes to

«	4 which the fame would have been limited, and require and compel	,

' 4 the adual Inveftment of luch Monies in a Purchafe or Purchases	I

4 of fome Lands ; and fuch laft mentioned Pradice is attended with j

4 great Inconvenience and Expence to the Party or Parties who by

4 a Recovery could bar the Ufes to which fuch Lands are to be

4 limited when purchafed, and the Intereft and Benefit of others,

4 who might take Eftates barrable by fuch Recovery when fuffered,

* is not according to fuch laft‘ mentioned Pradice materially pro-

4 moted or fecured, and it may therefore be expedient to alter luch

* Pradice; And whereas it may alfo f>e expedient tojprovide

4 fome fatisfadory and fummary Proceeding, whereby Truflees

4 pofleffed of Money fubjed to be laid out in Lands may be required

* in proper Cafe6 to pay fuch Money to the Parties entitled, and

4 under this Ad to become entitled, to receive the fame Be it

therefore enaded #by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and

with the Advice and Con fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Au- 1

mere Montes• thority of the fame*, That from sod after the patting of this Ad,

■re under the	*	in

U7

A.D. 1818.	59*	GEO.	III.	C.	40,47*

in all Cafes where Money under the Controul of any Court of Equity, or of or to which any Individuals as Truftees are poflefled or entitled, in that Part of th£ United Kingdom called Ireland, (hall be fubjed to be limited in thePurchafe of Freehold or Copyhold Hereditaments, or both, to be fettled upon any Perfon or Perfons in fuch manner that it would be competent, in cafe fuch Money had been invefted in the Purchafe of Real Edates, for the Perion or Perfons who would be the Tenant or Tenants of the firft Eftate or Eftates Tail therein, either alone or together with the Perfon or Perfons who would be the Owner or Owners of the particular preceding Eftate or Eftates therein, if any, by Deed, Fine or Common Recovery, or any of them, or other lawful Ad, in the cafe of Freehold Hereditaments, or by Surrender and Recovery, or either of them, or other lawful Ad, in the cafe of Copyhold Hereditaments, to bar the firft Eftate or Eftates Tail, and the Rights and Interefts of all Perfons in Remainder, it (hall not be neceflary to have fuch Money adually invefted in Lands or Hereditaments, in order that fuch Eftates Tail and Remainders over may be fo barred; but that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the High Court of Chancery, or fuch Court of Equity, under the Controul of which fuch Money (hall be, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and in the Cafe of Truftees, to and for the bud High Court of Chancery, in a Summary Way, upon Petition of the rerfon or Perfons who would be Tenant or Tenants of the firft Eftate or firft Eftates Tail, and of the Perfon or Perfons who would be the Owner or Owners of the antecedent particular Eftate or Eftates (if any) in the Lands and Hereditaments, in cafe the fame were purchafed, fuch Petitioners being Adults, and in cafe where any of the Parties are or is Femes Covert or a Feme Covert, they or (he being firft feparately examined in Court, or upon a Com-miffion* and contenting, to order the Monies fubje&ed to fuch Trufts to be paid to the Petitioners, or any of them, or to be paid and applied in fuch manner and for fuch Purpofes as the Petitioners (hall appoint and the Court (hall approve of.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That in all Cafes where Money iubie&ed to be laid out in the Purchafe of Hereditaments to be fettled as aforefaid (hall happen to be invefted in Government or Real or other Securities, all fuch Securities (hall for the Purpofes of this A€t be confidered as Money, and (hall and may accordingly be transferred, afligned and difpofed of under an Order of the refpe&ive Courts aforefaid, made in a fummary Way upon the Petition of fuch Perfons, and with fuch Examination and Content where necefTary as aforefaid, in fuch and the fame manner as Monies fubje&ed to be laid out in the Purchafe of Hereditaments to be fettled as aforefaid are hereinbefore authorised to be paid, applied and difpofed of.

CAP. XLVII.

’An AGt to eftablilh Fever Hofpitals, and to make other Regulations for Relief of the fuffering Poor, and for preventing the Increafe of Infe&ious Fevers in Ireland.

[30th May 1818.]

1 \T7 HERE AS Fevers of an infe&ious Nature have for fome time « VV paft greatly prevailed among the Poor in feveral Parts of 1 Ireland, whereby tpe Health and Prgfperity of the whole Country

L 2	*	have

Controul of Equity, or in the Hauds of Truf-tee« fubjed to be invefted in Eftates fettled fo es that the firft Eftates Tall therein may be btrred,it fliall not be neceflary to have fuch Money adually invefted ; but Court may upn Petition order it to be paid to Perfons who would be entitled to the Eftate as herein mentioned.

Securities con-fideredas Money, and may be transferred,

Bec. under aa Order of the re-fpe&ive Courts.

58° GEO. III.

148	C.	47.

• t

A.D. 1819.

*	have been confidently endangered \ and it is expedient that Hof-4 pitals (hould be eftabliftied for the Relief of Sufferers in fuch Cafes,

*	and that Regulations fhould be made to prevent, as etfeftually as 4 pofGble, the Increafe of Infeftion, as well at prefent as on future 4 Occafions; and fuch good'Purpofes are moil likely to be promoted 4 by creating Corporations in every County at large, and every County 4 of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, who may execute the 4 Powers and Trufts hereinafter particularly expreffed Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majeftr, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com. moos, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of

^ame> That from and after the palling of this Aft there (hall be, County,1 orVery an<* ^ne Body Politic and Corporate is hereby created and erefted inf Coumy'ofa City every County, and in eveiy County of a City, and in every County or Town in Ire- of a Town in Ireland ; which (hall confift, in every fuch County, of ,and»	the Archbiftiop or Biftiop whofe Diocefe or any Part of whofe Diocefe

tftibliftunent of exten(j jnto fuch County, of the Reprefentatives in Parliament ever o pt for fuch County,# of all the Judices of the-Peace commiflioned and afting as fuch in fuch County; and in every County of a City or County of a Town, fuch Corporation (hall confift alio of the Chief Magiftrate, Sheriffs and Recorder of fuch County of a City or Town, likewife of the Reprefentative or Representatives in Parliament (if any), and rff the Juflices of the Peace for fuch County of a City or Town, all for the time being, and alfo of fuch Perfons as are hereinafter mentioned 5 which Corporation (hall be called by the Name of 44 The Prefident and Affiftants of the Fever Hofpital for [

applying to every of them the Name of its

Eoper County, City or Town; and all the (aid Corporations (hall ve perpetual Duration and Succeifion, and may foe and be fted in all Courts of Juftice by thofe Names refpeftively, and (hall have a Common Seal, and (hall meet at and adjourn to fuch times and Places within their Counties, Cities or Towns refpeftively, as they (hall think fit; fave only that the faid Corporations (hall meet, and they are hereby required refpeftively to meet, for the Firft time, for the County of the City of Dublin, on the Firft Day of July next after the palling of this Aft, at the Seffions Houfe of the faid City, and for the feveral other Counties, Cities and Towns in Ireland\ on the Day (or, at their Eleftion, on the Day next after the Day) when the Judges who (hall hold the Summer Aflizes next after the paffing of this Aft, in and for the feveral Counties, or either of fuch Judges, (hall depart from the Town or Place where'the Aflizes (hall be held, at the Hall or Sefiion Houfe refpeftively where the Judges (hall have Chairman fat for the Bufinefs of the Aflizes 5 and at the Firft and every future appointed. Meeting of the faid Corporations refpeftively, the Archbiftiop or Bt-fhop, if prefent when the faid Corporations or Quorums of them refpeftively (hall affemble, (hall take the Chair, (hall put every Queftion, declare the Majority of Votes, and do all the Duties of Prefident or Head of the Corporation for that Meeting; but if the Archbifhop or Biftiop (hall not be prefent when the faid Corporations refpeftively (hall firft affemble, the Reprefentative in Parliament for that County, County of a City or County of a Town, who (hall firft cojne on that Day to the Place of Meeting,’ if both (hall attend, and if not, the Reprefentative in Parliament for that County, County of a City or County of a Town, who (hall be prefent when the faid Corporations

or

A.D.181&

58° GEO. Ill

C..47#

149

or Quorums of them refpedively (hall affemble; and if the Archbifhop or Bi(hop, or the Representatives for fuch Counties, Cities or Towns refpedively, or either of them, (hall not attend in every County of a City and County of a Town, the Chief Magiftrate, or in his Default, and in every County at large, the oldeft Juflice of the Peace who (hall be prefent when the laid Corporations refpedively or

Siuorums of them (hall firft afTemble, (hall take the Chair, and do 1 the Duties of Prefident or Head of the Coxporation for that Meeting ; and the faid Corporations refpedively (hall be confidered as affembled for the Purpofe of determining who (hall be the Prefident of that Ltey, whenever Five (hall have come to the Place of Meeting at the time appointed for the Firft Meeting of the (aid Corporations refpedively; and at all fubfequent times after, whenever Five of the laid Corporations (hall have come to the Place of the Meeting at the refpedive times to be appointed for fuch Meetings; and every Perfon qualified, or capable as aforefaid of prefiding at the Meetings of the faid Corporations may, at all times after the aforefaid Firft time appointed for the Meeting of the faid Corporations, by Notice in Writing figned by him, to be polled at the proper Affizei Town, or at the Selnons Houfe in the City of Dublin, Six Days at the lead before the time of Meeting, exclufive of the Day of polling fuch Notice and the Day of Meeting, convene the faid Corporations refpedively to do all corporate Ads, but no Second Notice figned by a different Perfon (hall fuperfede a former; of which Corporations refpedively Five (hall always be a competent Number to do all corporate Ads; and the faid Corporations are hereby refped-ively authorized and empowered to eled, during good Behaviour, fuch other Perfons, redding within their Counties, Cities or Towns refpedively, as they (hall think fit; and thofe alfo who (hall contribute any Sum not lefs than Twenty Pounds, or who (hall fubfcribe and pay any annual Sum not lefs than One Guinea, to be applied to the charitable Purpofes of this Ad, to be Members of the (aid Corporations refpedively; and it (hall be lawful for the faid Corporations refpedively, and they are hereby authorized, to make Bye Laws reafonable and confonant to the Laws of the Land, and to appoint (landing Committees for the Purpofes of this Ad, to meet and ad at certain Place or Places to be appointed in each County, City or /Town ; and it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Corporations, and each of them refpedively, and they are hereby authorized, empowered and qualified, to accept or take by Purchafe, or by voluntary Grant, or by Devife, any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of Inheritance or for Lives^ not exceeding to any one of the faid Corporations the clear yearly Value of Five hundred Pounds, "any Law to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding ; but the Corporation of any of the faid Counties, Cities or Towns, (hail at no time have a Capacity to take Lands of Inheritance or for Lives, of a greater Value than as afbre-faid, except in the Cafe of Evidion or Determination of Intereff, in which Cale the faid Corporations refpedively may make fuch new Acquifition as aforefaid, not exceeding the clear annual Value aforefaid ; and it (hall bo lawful for the faid Corporations, and they are refpedively hereby authorized, empowered and qualified, to take all fuch Donations in Pcrfonal Property as (hall be made to them, and to accept of all Leafes for Years of Houfes or Lands, fo as no fuch Leafe (hall exceed Twenty one Years> but every Leafe for Years,

L 3	of

Meetings bow to be aflembled.

Contributors to be Member, of the Corporation, who may make Bye Laws; and appoint Committees ; may take by Purchafe, &c. Lands not above 50oL yearly;

and Perional Property and Leafes for Yeirs, not exceeding si, of Lands or Houfes.

150

58* GEO. Ill,

A.D. 1818.

Corporation empowered to take over and above the afore-laid Property Four Rood* of Land for Sitei of Houfcf.

Bilhops may grant fuch Land out of their Sees;

nnhvithftanding io 5c ii Car. r. C.3. (I.) or any ocher Law.

Fever Hofpitals built for the. Foor when Funds fuflicient.

Corporations to make Bye Laws and Orders; appoint Matters, &c. and Servant/, and Treafurers.

C.47.

of Lands or of a Houfe to be made to any of the faid Corporations, exceeding that Term* (hall be void, except as hereinafter excepted.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Corporations refpe&ively, to take, over and above the Fire hundred Pounds a Year, and Leafes for Years, which they are authorized to acquire as aforefaid, and fuch Corporations reipe&ively are hereby declared to he capable and qualified to take, by Grant or by Devife, any Quantity of Ground or Land within their Counties, Cities and Towns refpedively, not exceeding Four Roods, Plantation Meafure, for the Sites of Houfes to be built, and Accommodations to be provided, for the Reception of the helplefs Poor intended to be relieved under the Provifions of this A&; and alfo, that it (hall and may be lawful for every Archbifhop and Bifhop in Ireland, and they are hereby refpe&ively authorized and empowered, to grant any fuch Portions of Ground or Land as aforefaid, out of the Eftates of their Sees refpe&ively, to the faid Corporations refpe&ively, for the Sites of fuch Houfes as aforefaid, for fuch Eflate or Eftates, either in Fee, for Lives renewable or not renewable, or for Years, as they (hall think (it, at fuch Rent and Fines as fuch Archbi(hop or Bi(hop (hall think fit, or without any Rent or Fine if fuch Archbi(hop or Bi(hop (hall think fit 5 and that every fuch Grant and Leafe (hall be good and valid againft fuch Archbifhop and Bifhop, and their Sue* ceffors refpe&ively, without the Concurrence of any other Perfon or Body of Men ; any thing in an A& made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of the late King Charles the Firft, intituled An A3 for the Prefervation of the Inheritance, Rights and Profits of Lands belonging to the Church and Perfons Ecclfiqftical, or any other Law or Ufage in force in Ireland, to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the laid Corporations, and they are hereby authorized, empowered and required, to build or hire Houfes for Hofpitals in the feveral Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, to be called a Fever Hofpitals for the Relief of the Poor being ill of Fevers,** as foon as fuch Corporations (hall be pofiefied of Funds Efficient for thofe Purpofes, as plain, as durable and at as moderate Expence as may beand that all fuch Hofpitals be divided into Two Parts, of which one Part (hall be allotted for fuch poor helplefs Men as (hall be judged worthy of Admifiion, and the other Part for the Reception of fuch poor helplefs Women as (hall be judged worthy of Admifiion, and to furni(h the faid Hofpitals, and to admit into the fame from time to time fo many fick and helplefs poor Patients as the Funds of fuch Corporation (hall admit of; and the faid Corporations refpe&ively are hereby authorized and required to make Bye Laws and Orders for the Admifiion and Difcharge of all fuch Patients, and for the Government of every fuch Hospital, and to

1 appoint Mailers, Phyficians, Surgeons, Apothecaries, Nurfes and other fit Perfons and Servants, to govern and take care of fuch Hofpitals and the Patients therein, at reafonable and moderate Salaries, Allowances and Wages; and the faid Corporations refpe&ively are alio hereby authorized to appoint Treafurers without any Salary, to receive fuch Donations and Rents as they (hall refpe&ively acquire or become entitled to; and the faid Corporations are hereby authorized and required to expend all fuch Donations and Rents in and for the

charitable

A.D. 181$.

58? GEO. IIL

151

C.47.

charitable Purpofes required by this A61, and for the Cure and Relief of fuch Patients, with the greateft Care and Economy, upon Pain* and Peril that for any Embezzlement or Mifapplication of or Partiality in the Difpofal of any Part of the Revenue or Property of the faid Corporations refpeftively, which any Individuals of fuch Corporations (hall be refpeftively guilty of or concur in, every fuch Individual (hall be perfonally anfwerable by Suit or Information in the Name of The King's Attorney General, on the Relation of any Perfon Proceeding* by or Perfons, either in the Court of Chancery or Court of Exchequer lnh*m*hon. in Ireland; and the faid Courts (hall and are hereby required to near and determine every fuch Suit or Information, and to award Cofts therein again ft the Defendants, if found culpable as aforefaid ; and in every luch Suit a Relator of Property and Reputation (hall be named, againft whom Cofts (hall be awarded to tne Defendant or Defendants, if the Suit, Information or Complaint (hall appear to be groundlefs.

* IV. And Whereas by an Aft made in the Forty fifth Year of

*	His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to amend and render 4 more effedual an Ad made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fifth 4 Tear of Hie prefent Majejlyt intituled * An Ad for eroding and ejla-

*	hlifbing Public Infirmaries or HoJjntals in this Kingdom* certain 4 Provisions were made for enabling the Grand Jury to prefent certain 4 Sums to be railed on Counties, for the Promotion of local Difpen-

4 faries, in manner in the faid Aft mentioned Be it enafted, That 45 G.j.c.tir. froiA and after the Firft Day of September next, fo much of the fo far is relate* faid recited A6t as relates to fuch local Difpenfaries (hall be and *° I00*1 the fame is hereby repealed.	ariei repe* e

V.	And be it furtner enafted, That from and after the palling of cftaMifbin^ this Aft, whenever it (hall appear to the Grand Jury of any County, cidwiod6*m or County of a City or County of a Town, that there has been Town*, Grand aftually received from private Subscriptions or Donations any Sum Juries may pre* or Sums of Money, fince the preceding Aflizes, for the Puipofe of f«t Sum* eftabli(hing or fupporting a Difpcnfary for furniftiing Medicine and *lua'10	.

affording medical or furgical Aid £0 the Poor of any City, Town ^™^nnts°1fndu or Place within fuch County, it (hall be lawful for fuch Grand Jury private Donato prefent, to be raifed of fuch County, or County of a City or rioa* made for County of a Town, and to be paid to the Treafurer of fuch Difpenfary, fuch Purpofes. a Sum equal in Amount to the Sum or Sums fo received by fucH Treafurer, to be applied under athe Direftion of the Subfcribers, qF any annual Sum of not lefs than One Guinea, or fuch Committee of them, not fewer in Number than Five, as they (hall appoint for that Purpofe at any General Meeting of fuch Subfcribers, together with the Monies fo received by private Subfcription or Donation, in providing Medicines and medical and furgical Aid for the Poor of luch Place and its Neighbourhood: Provided always, that in all Cafes Difpcn-wherc fuch Difpenfary (hall have been aftually eftabli(hed, and any fary UeftablHhed Money (hall have been raifed by Prefentment granted for the Ufe of Tretfurer (hall fuch Difpenfary, previous to fuch Affixes, fuch Treafurer (hall lay S?0***10 . * before fuch Grand Jury an Account of all Receipts and Dilburfe- of lie-*" meats up to the Firft of January or Firft of July (as the Cafe may ce*,pts ana n\(m ( be) immediately preceding fuch Affizes; and fuch Treafurer (hall alfo burfements, kc. annex to fuch Account a Statement of all further Sums of Money of Sum* received which he (hall have aftually received from private Subfcriptions or ^ Subfcription Donations for the Support of fuch Difpenfary for the enfuing Year;

L 4?	ana

C.4 7.

58® GEO. lit.

A.D.1818.

Subfcribexi of One Guinea for Difpenfary may become Members.

and the faid Account and Statement (hall be verified on the Oath of fuch Treafurer, and (hall be deemed fufficient Documents whereon to ground fuch Prefentment; and in all Cafes where no Sum of Money fhafl have been granted as aforefaid previous to fuch Affizes, fuch Statement alone fo verified (hall be deemed a fufficient Document whereon to ground fuch Prefentment,. and in either Cafe the Sum or Sums fo dated to have been received (hall form the Firft Item to the Debit of fuch Treafurer in his Account for the fucceeding Year, or fuch Treafurer (hall Once in eveij Year lay before fuch Grand Jury an Account fo verified of the Receipts and Difburferaents of all Sums received by him, either from private Subfcription or Donation, or from Prefentment as aforefaid, for the Ufe of fuch Dif-penfary.

VI. And be it further ena&ed, That every Perfon who (hall fub-feribe and pay towards the Edablifhment or Maintenance of any fuch Difpenfary any Sum not lefs than One Guinea, (hall be a Member of the Edablifhment of fuch local Difpenfary of fuch County of a City or County of a Town for One Year from the Date of the Payment thereof, for the Management and Dire&ion of fuch Difpenfary.

Grand Jury may VII. And be it further ena&ed, That whenever it (hall be made preienc Sums not appe^ by Statement on Oath, to the Grand Jury of any County the Anwmtof # or County of a City or Town, that there has been a&ually received privateSubrcrip- from private Subfcriptions or Donations any Sum or Sums of Money tions, for local for the Purpofe of ere&ing or hiring any Houfe to be applied tq the Difpenfaries, and Reception of Fever Patients, and either attached to and conne&ed for Houfes for	^y	Difpenfary	or	not	as	the	cafe	may happen, and upon a

Wver^tients. Certificate by One or more Phyficians that there is a Neceffity for providing Accommodation for fuch Patients, it (hall and may be lawful tor fuch Grand Jury to prefent to be raifed on any fuch County at large, or on any fuch County of a City or County of a Town, as the Cafe may be, any Sum not exceeding Double the Amount of the Sum or Sums fo raifed by Donation or Subfcription, and a&ually received by fuch Treafurer, to be applied by the Sub-feribers to fuch local Difpenfary, or fuch Committee of them as . aforefaid, together with the Monies fo received by private Donation or Subfcription, in ere&ing or hiring and fitting up fuch Houfe for poor Fever Patients in fuch manner as the faid Corporation or the faid Committee (hall in their Difcretion deem mod advifeable; and it (hall and may be lawful alfo for fuch Grand Jury of any fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town, from time to time to prefent any fuch further Sum or Sums as (hall appear to fuch Grand Jury to be neceflary or required for the Support of Houfes for the Reception of Fever Patients, whether the fame (hall have been edablifhed before or after the paffing of this A&, not exceeding Double the Amount of the Subfcriptions or Donations which, by the Accounts of fuch Treafurer verified on Oath, (hall appear to have been raifed and a&ually received for the Support of fuch Houfes; and fuch Treafurer (hall account in like manner and under fuch Regulations as are hereinbefore dire&ed refpe&ing Difpenfaries.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Grand Jury of any County, or County of a City or County of a Town, in which any Fever Hofpital (hall not have been ere&ed before the paffing of this A&, or in which it (hall be made appear to the Satisfa&ion of the Grand Jury that any Fever Hofpital

Treafurer to account.

Grand Juries may make Pre-lentmenfs for Fever Hofpitali, to be raifed by Infalments within Six Years.

in

58" GEO. Ill

153

C. 47.

in fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town, requires to Be enlarged, repaired or rebuilt, to prefent, at any Aflizes for fuch County, County of a City or Town, any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpofe of ere&ing and eftablilhing, or hiring, repairing and fitting up, one Fever Hofpital in any fuch County, County of a City or Town, in which no luch Hofpital (hall have been previously eftablifhed, or for the Purpofe of enlarging, repairing, rebuilding or fupportine any Fever Hofpital which mil nave been previoufly eftablifhed, and to fet forth in fuch Prefentiqent that the Sum therein mentioned (hall be raifed and levied within the Period of Six Years, by Half Yearly or* Yearly Inftalments, and alfo to let forth in fuch Prefentment what Part thereof (hall be raifed upon any Barony or Baronies in any fuch County, or on the County at large $ and that the Treafurer of fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town, (hall from time to time, without furtner Authority or Prefentment in that behalf, infert in his Warrant at each Aifizes the Portion or Portions fo fet forth of the Sum fo prefented ; and the fame (hall be raifed and levied in like manner from time to time, and with the like Remedy in cafe of Nonpayment, as all other Money dire&ed by fuch Warrant is by Law to be levied 5 and when and to foon as fuch Prefentment (hall have been duly certified by the a&ing Clerk of the Crown to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland* or his or their Chief Secretary, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors for the time being, to direct the Amount of fuch Sum of Money fo prefented, or any Part thereof, to be advanced out of the growing Produce of the Confolidated Fund in.Ireland* to the Treasurer of fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town, to be applied for the Purpofes for which fucn Prefentment (hall have been made, under fuch Rules and Regulations as to fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors (hall feem fitting and expedient ; and fuch Money fo advanced and paid to fuch Treafurer (hall be accounted for by him in like manner as any other Monies received by him for the Ufe of fuch County; and all Securities given by hini or on his behalf (hall extend to fucn Money ; and fuch Treafurer (Kail from time to time pay to the Colle&or of Excife of the Diftri& in which fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town, all fuch Sums as (hall from time to time be received by him from the baronial or other Colle&ors by virtue of the Preferments on account of which fuch Money (hall have been advanced, until the whole Sum advanced (hall be repaid: Provided always, that if it (hall fo happen that any Money (hall be raifed by virtue of. any fuch Prefentment or Preferments, which (hall not be required for the Purpofes for which it (hall be fo raifed, the fame (hall be carried to the Credit generally of the County, or of the County of the Town, or of the County of tne City, whereon the fame (hall be levied, by the Treafurer of fuch County, or County of a Town or County 0? a City refpe&ively.

IX. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of each and every County, County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, to prelent to be raifed on fuch County at large, or on fuch County of a City or County of a Town, any Sum not exceeding Five hundred Pounds in the Year, over and above and exclufive of any Sums which they are by Law empowered to prefent for the Support of Houfes of Induftry in Ireland, under an Act made

in

Prefentment being certified by Clerk of the Crown to Lord Lieutenant, he may older Advance of Money out of Confolidated Fund to Treafurer of County, for Pur« pofea of Pre-fentmenta.

Treafurer tore-pay the Money fo advanced.

Surplus Money raifed carried to the Credit of the .County..

Grand Juries empowered to prefent 500I. a Year for Support of Houfei of Induftry over and above Sums under 11 & 1SG.3.C. 30.

co

*

C.47.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

In cafii of Few, Ac. appeiring in any Town or Diftrift, Public Meeting convened, and Lord Lieutenant, on Reprefentation of fuch Meeting may appoint a Board of Health*

Poweri of fuch Board of Health*

in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His prefcnt Majefty, intituled An A8 for badging fuch Poor as fhall he found unable to fupport tbemfelves by Labour, and otberwife providing for them, and for refraining fuch as Jball be found able to fupport them-felves by Labour or Indujlry from beggings or any other Act or ACU in force in Ireland at the time of the palling of this A€t; and the faid Sum, when fo raifed, fhall be paid to the Corporation of the faid Houfes of Industry in fuch County, County of a City or Town re-fpe&ively, and applied by the faid Corporation towards the Support and Maintenance of fuch Houfe of Induftry in fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town refpe&ively*

< X* And Whereas it is expedient that effectual Provifion Ihould

*	be made for preventing the fpreading of Fevers or contagious < Diforders, whenever fuch (hall happen in any Parts of Ireland, and

*	that the Powers requifite for that Purpofe Ihould be exercifed

*	only during the Emergency which may call for the fameBe it therefore enaCted, That whenever in any City, Town or DiftriCt, any Fever or contagious Diftemper (hall appear or be known to exift among the poor Inhabitants, it (hall and may be lawful for any One or more Magiftrates, upon the Requifition of Five refpe&able Houfe-holders, to convene a Meeting of the Magiftrates and Householders of fuch City, Town or DiftnCt, and of the Medical Pra&iiionm within the fame, in order to examine into the Circumftances attending fuch Fever or contagious Diftemper, and the Number of Perfons or Families being Sufferers thereby; and if it (hall be the Opinion of fuch Meeting, and of One or more Magiftrates attending, that fuch Fever or contagious Diftemper is of a Nature to require particular Attention and CircumfpeCtion to prevent the Increafe of the Contagion thereof, it (hall be lawful for Two or more Magiftrates authorized by fuch Meeting to join in an Application to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint a Board of Health within and for fuch City, Town or DiftriCt; and it (hall be lawful for fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to appoint fuch Board accordingly, to confift of not more than Thirteen Commiftioners, to be feleCted from among the Governors or Members of the Corporation of any Infirmary or Fever Hofpital, or other Hofpital, and from the Parifliioners and Medical Practitioners, to aCt within fuch City, Town or DiftriCt, in fuch manner and under fuch Regulations as fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland\ or his or their Chief Secretary, (hall from time to time order, direct and appoint*

XI* And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Commiffionera fo to be appointed for the forming fuch Board of Health, or any Five of them, to give all fuch Directions for the doing and performing all A As, matters and things neceflary for the preventing the Communication of Contagion, and for reftoring the Sick to Health, as (hall to fuch Commiftioners feem neceflary and expedient; and for that Purpofe to direCt that all Streets, Lanes and Courts, and all Houfes and'all Rooms therein, and all Yards, Gardens or Places belonging to fuch Houfes (hall be cleanfed and purified, and that all Nuifances prejudicial to Health (hall be removed therefrom; and that all Houfes in which any ftek Perfon (hall be or (hall have been, (hall be ventilated, fumigated and whitewashed, the Windows and Doors

thereof

58° GEO. lit

155

C.47.

thereof opened, and all Beds, Bed (leads, Bedding and Furniture thereto be exnofed to the Air, and be waffled and cleanfed, and, if absolutely neceflary, to be burned or deftroyed; and that fome Mark, Number or Token (Kail be affixed on any Houfe in which any Inhabitant it infedled with Fever, denoting that fome or one of the Inhabitants therein are fo infedled ; and to dire61 that all other Meafures (hall be carried into Execution which to fuch Commiffioners (hall feem requifite for the Purpofes aforefaid.

XII. And be it further enadled, That it (hall and may be lawful May employ for the faid Commiffioners fo to be from time to time appointed for P«rfooa to reforming fuch Board of Health, to employ any Perfon or Perfons in cute the Execution of the Several Powers to fee exercifed by them under this A€t; and that 41 (hall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant Money may be or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to order any Sum or Sums of Money to be from time to time advanced out of the forExpenee^T growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund in Ireland for die Pay- be railed by Pre-ment of the adlual Expences incurred by or under the faid Com- {eminent on miffioners in the Execution of fuch Powers; and that all Sums 'of County,&c. Money fo to be advanced (hall be raifed by Presentments to be made by the Grand Juries, and raifed off the County or County of a City or Town, in which fuch Expence (hall be incurred.

XIII* And be it further enadled, That if any Perfon or Perfons RefiftInS Order* (hall refill or oppofe any Perfon or Perfons employed by or under the ^eakli^ Orders of the laid Commiffioners fo to be from time to time appointed for forming a Board of Health, in any County, City, Town or Place, in the Execution of the Powers of the faid Commiffioners under this A61, or in the doing or performing any matter or thing in Execution of this A61 under the Orders of the faid Commiffioners, every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo guilty of redding or oppofing (hall/ on Convidlion thereof before any Two Magidrates within his Jurif-di&ion, on the Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witnefs, or on the Confeffion of the Party fo offending, incur fuch Penalty, Penalty, not lefs than Ten Shillings nor more than Five Pounds, as Such Magidrates (hall in their Discretion think proper to adjudge and inflidt, or in Failure of making Payment of fuch Fine, fuch Offender (hall and may be committed to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Cor-redtion for any time not exceeding Three Months, and no fuch Con-vidtion (hall be quaftied for Informality, nor (hall be removed or removable by Certiorari or otherwife, nor fubjedl to any Appeal whatever.

XIV.	And be it further enadled, That in all Places where Fever In what cafes Hofpitals, or other Places for the Reception of poor Perfons being Board °* HasMjj disordered with Fever or other infedlious Malady (hall be eftablilhed, J^2fpSrfK it (hall and may be lawful, upon the Certificate of any Phyficiair, |0 ^ remoJJd Apothecary or Surgeon, that any Perfon is infedled with fuch Fever into Fever Hof-or other infedlious Malady, and that fuch Perfon fo infedled is not pitab. under proper Medical Care, and placed in fuch Circumftances and under fuch Precautions a6 may moft probably tend to prevent thfc Communication of Contagion to his. Family or Neighbours, for the Commiffioners forming ahy fuch Board of Health, or any Five of them, to order or diredl, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, after due and exadt Inquiry into the Circumftances of the Cafe, that fuch Perfon fo infedled and not being under fuch Medical Care and placed in fuch Circumftances of Prevention as aforefaid, (hail forth*

with	»

A.D. 1818.

Removal to be notified by Commiffionert.

Board of Health to report Weekly to Lord Lieutenant, and their Powers (hall ceafe on his Order.

fn Altions for

executing ASt.

General IiTue.

Coda.

p.47.	J>8a	GEO*	III.

with be removed into and placed in fetch Fever Hofpital, Or fuch other Place as (hall be e(labli(hed for the Reception of luch Patients ; and fuch infected Perfon (hall be removed and placed therein accordingly : Provided always, that the faid Commilfioneri fo forming any fuen Board of Health (hall, in all cafes of fuch compulfory Removal of any Perfon or Perfoxls into fuch Fever Hofpital, make a fpecial Report or Notification thereof, under the Hands of Five of the faid Commiffioners, to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or to his or their Chief Secretary, within Two Days after fuch Removal (hall take place.

XV . And be it further enafted, That the faid Commifiioners fo forming any fuch Board of Health (hall, on the Monday in every Week during the Continuance of the Powers of fuch Commiffioners under this Aft, make a Report in Writing to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, under the Hands of Five of fuch Commifiioners, and (hall tranfmxt the fame to the Office of the Chief Secretary; and (hall in fuch Report ftate a true and particular Account of all the Proceedings of the faid Commiffioners under this Aft, in fuch Form as (hall feem mod expedient to the faid Commifiioners, or in fuch Form as may at any time be direfted by fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, or his or their Chief Secretary; and that whenever it (hall he made appear by the Evidence of One or more Medical Perfons, or by any other Sufficient Means,- to any Two Magiftrates in any City, Town or Diftrift, in which fuch Board of Health (hall be efta-blifhed under this A A, that the Number of Sick or the Danger of Contagion or Infeftion aye or is fo decreafed, that the Powers to be executed by or under fuch Board of Health (hall be no longer ne-ceffary, fuch Two Majg^ftrates (hall certify the fame to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland; and in fuch cafe, or whenever it (hall by any Report of the faid Commif-fioners, or by any other Means, appear to the Satisfaftion of fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, that the Powers of fuch Board of Health are no longer required in any fuch City, Town or Diftrift, it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, or his or their Chief Secretary, by Letter under hia Hand, to fignify to fuch Board of Health that they are no longer to exercife the Powers given to them by this Aft; and thereupon all fuch Powers (hall ceafe and determine, until the fame (hall be again renewed purfuant to the Di* reftions of this Aft.

XVI. And be it further enafted, That if any Aftion (hall be brought again (I any of the Corporations to he erefted by virtue of this Aft, or againft any Commifiioners to be appointed under or by virtue of this A ft, or any Perfon employed by luch Corporations or Commifiioners in Execution of this Aft, for any thing done in the Execution of any of the Powers or Duties by this Aft given or required, the Defendant or Defendants may, in every fuch Suit, plead the General Iflue, and give this Aft and the fpecial Matter in Evidence ; and in every cafe where the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in fuch Suit (hall fail, the Court in which fuch Suit (hall be carried on (hall award Coils to the Defendant or Defendants.

CAP.

A-D. 1818*.

5S°'GEO. Ill;

C. 48.

15?

CAP. XLVIII

An AA to amend an AA, pafied in the lall Seffion of Parliament, to encourage the Eftablilhment of Banks for Savings9 in England.	[30th	May	1818.]

*	TT7HEREAS an AA paired in the Fifty feventh Year of the 37 0.3. c. 130.

4 VV Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A8 to encourage

4 the Epablijhment of Banks for Savings, in England: And Whereas

*	the Forms in the Schedule to the faid A A annexed have been found 4 inconvenient in carrying the faid AA into EfFeA, and it is therefore 4 expedient to alter and amend the fameBe it therefore enaAed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the

Tame, That from and after the paffing of this AA, the (evenu Forms	•■(*•) ■

contained in the Schedule to the faid recited AA annexed, marked \nJ^ (A.) (B.) (C.) (D.) and (E.) (hall be and the fame are hereby re* cjted a& r«-pealed ; and that in all cflfes where, by the faid recited A A, the pea'ed, and ocher Schedules marked (A.) and (B.) thereto annexed, are required to Schedules indeed be ufed and applied, the Schedules marked (A.) and (B.j to this AA annexed, (hall be ufed and applied in lieu and inftead thereof.	'*'

II. And be it further enaAed, That upon the Payment of Money	rf""

into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Commiffioners for NarionalDebt the,ReduAion of the National f)ebt, as direAed by the faid recited tolffueDebeiw A A, it (hall be lawful for the Officer of the faid Commiffioners, and cures in Form lie is hereby authorized and empowered, to iffue, upon every fuch nurked (c0 Payment being made, one or more Debentures, making together the like Amount, according to the Form in the Schedule to this AA an* nexed, marked

III.	And be irther enaAed, That upon any Application for NewDebtntures the Renewal of any Debenture or Debentures iffued in purfoance in Exchsnge for of the faid recited A A, k (hall be lawful for the faid Officer, and he °rigin»l Deb«i-■18 hereby authorized and empowered, to iffue one or more new De- jJjTJl "conKmr' bentures of Jthe like Amount, bearing the like Rate of Intereft, ^Schedule mj according to the Form in die Schedule to this A A annexed, marked

(D.), in exchange for fuch original Debenture or Debentures, either with or without the Intereft added thereto, whenever the fame (hall 'be required, and expreffed in the Order of the Truftees, as direAed i>y the faid recited AA or this AA, in lieu of paying in Money fuch original Debenture or Debentures, with or without the Intereft added thereto ; provided always, that no fraAional Part of a Pound (hall be inferted in fuch new Debenture, but fuch FraAion (hall be paid in Money.	•

IV.	And be:it further enaAed, That previous to the Payment of previous to Pay*

the Principal and Intereft of any Debenture or Debentures, or to the meat or Re-Renewal of fuch Debentures, the Peiion or Perfons applying to re- of Dehsn. ceivc fuch Payment or.new Debenture (hall in all cales produce to	°lru

the Officer of the faid Commiffioners an Order, indorsed on the bentures wider Back of the Debenture required to be paid or renewed, except as the Hands of phe

'herein excepted, under the Hands 6f any Two of the Truftees of Truftees acoptd-thelnftitution for which fuch Payment or Renewal fltaJl be demanded, *nS Schedule attefted by Two other 'Truftees or Managers thereof, or by any.

T«b credible WitnelTee, according to the Form in the Schedule to u

thii

C. 48.

58o GEO. Ill,

A.D.1818.

A Certificate to be granted thereupon, agreeable to Form (F. I.), and then Bank to pay.

Truftees may require Intereft on Debentures to be paid at the Periods herein mentioned.

Commiftionert may transfer . Stock to the Amount of Principal and In* tereft ofDcbcn-

TStock firft to be converted into Money by Com* potatita.

this Ad annexed, marked (E.) ; and the laid Officer (hall, and he is hereby authorized and empowered, within Five Days sifter the Intereft of fuqh Debenture (hall have been computed and examined at the Office of the faid Commiffioners, to grant his Certificate to the Perfon or Perfona applying for any Payment in the Form fpe-cified in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, marked (F. i.) ; and upon the Production and Delivery at the Bank of England of fuch Certificate, the Caftiier or Ca(hier9 of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England (hall thereupon pay the Sum fpecified therein out of any Monies ftanding in the Names of the faid Commiffioners, in the Books of the Bank of England, or from the Sale of Stock purchafed with the Monies originally invefted in any Debenture or Debentures iflued under the faid recited Ad or this Ad, as the faid Commiffioners (hall dired, any thing in the faid recited A61 to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

V.	Provided always, and be .it enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Truftees of any fuch Inftitution from time to time, at any time after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next following the Twentieth Day of May and the Twentieth Day of November in any Year, to require that tne Intereft due on any fuch Debenture on fuch Twentieth Day of May or Twentieth Day of November re-fpedively, (hall be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fuch Truftees (hall from time to time dired, by any Order in Writing (which (hall not be liable to any Stamp Duty) under the Hands ot Two fuch Truftees, attefted by Two other Truftees or Managers, or any Two credible Witneffes, according to fuch Form as the faid Commif-fioners (hall dired ; and the faid Order (hall be produced to the Officer of the (aid Commiffioners, who (hall certify thereon the Amount of Intereft then due, and require the fame to be paid ; and upon the Produdion of fuch Order and fuch Certificate thereon at the Bank of England, the Cafhier or Cafhiers (hall thereupon pay the Sum fpecified therein, out of any Monies ftanding in the Name of the (aid Commiffioners iu the Books of the faid Bank.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, upon the Application of the Truftees of any Saving Banks, in manner hereinafter mentioned, and they are nereby authorized and empowered, in lieu of paying off the Principal and Intereft of any fuch Debenture or Debentures in Money, to caufe their Agent or Agents (being alfo Cafhiers of the faid Governor and Company) to transfer fuch .an Amount of either Three Pounds per Camtwm Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, or Bank Annuities at the Rate of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum, as (hall by Computation produce, as hereinafter direded, the like Amount in Money as the Amount of the Principal and Intereft of fuch Debenture or Debentures, out* of any Account of the (aid Bank Annuities (landing in the Names of the faid Commiffioners in the Books of the Bank of England, into the Name or Names of any Two of the (aid Truftees, whenever the fame (hall .be expreffed and required in the Order of the faid Truftees, in lieu of paying fuch Debenture or Debentures in Money.

VII.	And be it further enaded. That before any Three per Cenium Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, or Bank Annuities at the Rate of Three. Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum, (hall be transferred from.the Account of the fiud Commiffioners, fuch Thrpe per

Cenium,

96* GEO. Ill,

•C. 48.

159

Centum, or Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities) (hall be firft converted into Money by the Computation of the faid Officer* according to the average Price of either Three per Centum Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities* or Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities* at the Option of the faid Truftee exprefled in their faid Order* which (hall he exhibited at the Office of the faid Commiffioners* under and by virtue of an y AS or A&8 now in force* on the Day of thfeDelivery of fuch Order at their faid Office* fuch Price being the average Price of the faid Three per Centum or Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities* on the Day preceding the Produ&ion and Delivery of the faid Order as aforefaid $ any thing in the faid recited AS or this AS to the contrary in anvwife notwithftanding.

VIII* Provided always* and be it further ena&ed* That upon the IlTue of any new Debenture or Debentures in Exchange for the original Debenture* with or without the I nt ere ft added thereto* fuch jiew Debenture or Debentures, ihall be dated by the faid Officer on the Sixth Day from and after the Date of the Truftees* Order requiring the IfTue of the fame ; and in like manner upon the Production of the Truftees* Order demanding Payment of any Debenture or Debeutures in Money* the Certificate to be granted by the faid .Officer, to enable the Payment thereof* (hall not be dated before the , Sixth Day from and after the Date of the Truftees* Order demanding .fuch Payment; any thing in the faid recited AS to the contrary in .any wife not with (landing.

IX.	Provided always* and be it further ena&ed* That if at any time it (hall happen* upon the Payment of the Principal and Intereft pf any Debenture or Debentures in Money, that the faid Computation and Examination of the Intereft thereof (hall not be completed -by the Sixth Day after the Day of the Date of the Truftees* Order ,demapding Payment as aforefaid* nothing in the faid recited A& or •this AS contained (hall be conftrued to prevent the Payment of the

Intereft which (hall appear to be a&ually due upon fuch Debenture or Debentures* up to the Day inclufive immediately preceding the Day of the completing fuch Computation and Examination ; and the faid Officer is hereby authorized and empowered* in all fuch Cafes .to compute the Intereft thereof up to the Day immediately preceding thj Day of completing fuch faid Computation and Examination $ any thing in the faid recited AS or this AS to the contrary in anywite notwithftanding.

X.	And be it further enaCted* That whenever any Three per • Centum Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities* or Three Pounds . and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities* (hall be required by the faid Truftees to be transferred from the Account of the find . Commiffioners* as hereinbefore directed* the faid Officer (hall and he . is hereby authorized and empowered to grant his Certificate for that

Purpofe* to the Perfon or Perfons applying for the fame* according . to the Form in the Schedule to this AS annexed* marked (F. 2.), a Duplicate whereof (hall be tranfmitted by the faid Officer to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and upon the Production and Delivery of the faid Certificate at the Bank of England» the faid Agent or Agents of the faid Commiffioners (hall* and he and they is and are hereby required to transfer from any Account of the jfaio Conutnffioners* (landing in the Books of the laid Governor and

Company,

The Date of new Debentures j

and of Certificate.

Afcertaining the time to which Intereft is to be computed •

Certificate to be granted for transferring of Stock according to Schedule (F.a.)

€.49.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Accountant General of Bank to tranfmit Certificatt to Commiffionen.

Regulation in cafe of the Payment or Renewal of more than One Debenture at one Time being required.

Schedules to 57 G. 3. €.130* may be ufed, till thofe annexed to A€t are adopted.

InveAment not to be made in the Bank, except by fuch inftitutioos at reftrain the Depofit of Individuals.

Commiffioners of National Debt to require Production of Rulea fo retraining.

'Company, the Amouht and Description of Stock therein ftated, into the Names of the Two Truftees of fuch Saving Bank or Inftitutioa as Shall be Specified and described in Such Certificate.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That upon every fuch Transfer of Stock being made from the Account ot the (aid Commiffioners, as hereinbefore direded, the Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England (hall, within Five Days after fuch Transfer wall have been made, tranfmit to the Office of tne laid Commiffioners, for Delivery to the Perfoo applying for the feme, a Certificate thereof, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, marked (G.)

XII.	And be it further enaded, That if at any time the feid Trnftees (hall require the Payment or Renewal of more than One Debenture at one and the fame time, it (hall be lawful for any Two of the Said Truftees to give one General Order in Writing under their Hands, attefted by Two other Truftees or Managers, or any Two credible Witnefles, either for the Renewal or for the Payment thereof in Money, or for the Payment thereof in Stock as aforefeid, containing the dumber and Amount of each Debenture, according to fuch Form as the faid Commiffioners (hall dired, in lieu of indorfing fuch Order on the Back of each Separate Debenture, as required by the faid recited Ad 5 and the Production and Delivery of fuch General Order, together with thfe Several Debentures Specified therein, at the Office of the feid Commiffioners, Severally endorfed on the Back with the Names and under the Hands of the Two Truftees figning fuch General Order, (hall be deemed as valid and effedual to all Intents and Purpofes, as though fuch Order had been endorfed by the faid Truftees on each Debenture Separately; any thiog in the faid recited Ad or this Ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That nothing in this -Ad con* tained (hall be conftrued to prevent the Ufe of the Several Forms marked in the Schedule to the feid recited Aft annexed, for all the Purpofes to which they are now applicable, notwithftanding the Repeal of the fame, until the Adoption in lieu thereof of the fevend Forms in the Schedule to this Ad annexed.

* XIV. And Whereas it is expedient more ftridly to provide againft * any improper Iaveftment of Monies under the Provifions of the feid < recited Ad and this AdBe it therefore enaded, That the Privilege of paying Money into the Bank of England9 and of receiving Debentures for the feme, (hall, from and after the Firft Day of Oe-■iober One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, be reftrided to fuch Inftitution8 only which (hall, by one or more of their Rules, provide that the Sums paid by any Perlon who (hall pay or fubferibe any Sum by Ticket or Number or otherwife, without difclofing his or her Name to the Truftees of fuch Inftitution, (hall not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds in any One Year; and it (hall be lawful for the Commiffioners for the Redudion of the National Debt, previous to the Payment of any Sum or. Sums into the Bank of England, in pursuance of this Ad, to require the Production of fuch Rule or Rules fo limiting the faid Sum or Sums to be fo depoiited, certified under the Hands of Two of the Truftees or Managers of each fuch Inftitution refpedively, and any other Proof which they may think neceffary to require.

XV. Provided

A-t). 1818.	58*	GEO.	III.	C.

XV.	Provided always, and be it farther enabled, That the Privilege of paying Money into the Bank of England, and of receiving Debentures for the fame, (hall be and the fame is hereby declared to be extended to fuch Inftitutions as may have been eftablifhed at any lime previous to the palling of the faid recited Ad of the lad Seffiou of Parliament, or who may have lince formed or may hereafter form their Rules and Regulations according to the Provifions of the faid recited Ad and this Ad\ and it (hall and may be lawful for the Truftees of filch Inftitutions refpedively to inveft any Funds already accumulated by fuch Inftitutions, and which (hall not have been in-vefted at the time of the palling of this Ad, in Debentures in manner authorized by the faid recited Ad and this Ad*

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That in cafes where any Banks for Savings have been or (hall be eftablifhed in any Town or Place, and other fmaller Banks have been or (hall be eftablifhed in the Neighbourhood of fuch Town or Place, as Branch Banks thereof, and fuch Branch Banks by their Treafurers have paid or (hall pay any Sums into the Bank in any fuch Town or Place, as a Central Bank, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Truftees, or any Two of them, of any fuch Central Bank, to pay into the Bank of England\ in manner prefcribed by the faid recited Ad, along with the Monies belonging* to fuch Central Bank, any Sum or Sums of Money belonging to and on account of any fuch Branch Bank: Provided always, that the Treafurers of fuch Branch Banks (hall certify to the Treasurer of fuch Central Bank, that the Amount contributed by 2my one Subfcriber to any fuch Branch Bank in any one Year, does not exceed the Proportions required by this Ad.

XVII.	And be it farther enaded, That whenever a Tranfcript of the Rules, Orders and Regulations, for the Management ot any Inftitution requiring the Benefit of the faid recited Ad and of this Ad, (hall have been or (hall be depofited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Divifion or Place wherein fuch Ihfti* tution (hall be eftablifhed, purfuant to the Difedions of the faid recited Ad, fuch Tranfcript (hall be flgned by Two Truftees of fuch Inftitution, and (hall by luch Clerk of the Peace be laid before the Juftices (pr fuch County, Riding, Divifion or Place, at the General or Quarter Seffions next after the time when fuch Tranfcript (hall have been fo depofited ; and it (hill be lawful for fuch Juftices |hen and there prefent, after due Examination thereof, to rejed and difap-prove of fuch Part or Parts thereof as (hall be repugnant to the true Intent and Meaning of. the faid recited Ad and this Ad, or to allow and confirm the faid Tranfcript, or fuch Part or Parts thereof as (hall be conformable to. the true Intent and Meaning of the faid recited Ad and this Ad: Provided always, that the faicl Juftices (hall fignify fuch Rejedion or Difapproval of any one or more of the Rules, Orders and Regulations contained in luch Tranfcript by the Word! 11 Rcjeded,” or M Difapproved,” written oppofite fuch Rule or Rales, Order or Orders, Regulation or Regulations, and fignedby the Chairman of fuch Seffions; and fuch Rule or' Rules, Order or Orders, Regulation or Regulations, as (hall be fo rejeded or difap* proved of, (hall not be in force from the time of fuch Reiedion or Difapproval \ any thing in the faid recited Ad or this Ad, or in any fuch Rules, Orders and Regulations, to the contrary notwith-ftlading j Provided always, that the faid Clerk of the Peace do,

58 Geo. III.	M	within

m

Inftitutions formed previous to 57 0-3-c. & 3a to have the Privilege of inveft ing Money in the Bank, &c.

Central Banks may inveft the Money of Branch 'Banks.

Provifo

Juftices at Sef-fion* may allow or rejed any Rules of the Inftitutions fenS tu the Clerk of the Peace.

How fuch Rejection notified

Notice to Tro£ tees of Reje&iew

162

by Clerk of (he Peace.

Awards, Bonds,

fee. not liable to Stamp Duty,

C. 48.	58°	GEO. III.	A.D.	1818.

within the Space of Ten Days next after fuch RejeSion or Difap-proval, give Notiee thereof in Writing to the Two Truftees of fuch Institution by whom the Tranfcript of fuch Rules, Orders and Regulations fhall be figned as aforefaid.

XVIII.	And be it further euafted, That no Arbitration Bond or Boqd of Reference, nor any Award, Order or Determination of any Arbitrator or Arbitrators, or Umpire, which (hall be made under the General Rules, Orders or Regulations of any Inftitution, filed as required by the faid recited A61 of the laft Seifion of Parliament, and which Award, Order or Determination are-by the faid Aft declared to be final without Appeal, fhall be fubjeft or liable to or charged with any Stamp Duty or Duties whatfoever.

SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.

(A.)

FORM of the Order of the Truftees to make Payments into the Bank of England, to be produced to the Officer of the Com-miflioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt.

WE> being Two of the Truftees of the Saving Bank eftablifhed at [infert the Town and County] do, in purfuance of Two Afts, made in the Fifty feventh and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, to encourage the Eftablifhment of Banks for Savings in England, hereby authorize and direft jA* B. to pay into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Commiffioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt	Pounds,

and to receive for the fame, on account of us the faid Truftees, a Saving Bank Debenture of the like Amount, [or, Saving Bank Debentures making the like Amount as under] carrying Intereft at the Rate of Three Pence per Day for every One hundred Pounds ; and we hereby declare that the Sum above nated is the exclufive Property of the faid Saving Bank fpecified in this our Order, and arifes from individual Contributors to the faid Bank, or, from the Funds of Branch Banks connefted with the faid Bank, and certified to us by the Truftees of fuch Branch Banks to be the Produce of individual Contributions, not exceeding in any cafe the Amount fpecified in the faid Aft for the Contribution of each Contributor, or, from voluntary Donation to the Funds of the faid Society, or, from the Funds of Friendly Societies, fubferibed through their Officers in purfuance of the faid Aft, and in no other manner, nor from any other Source

whatever.  Witnefs our Hands^this •	Day of
Signed in the JPrefence of us»l 2£. Witnefs to the figning of C. > F. Witnefs to thefigning of D. J  %	

CERTIFICATE

A. D. 1818,

58° GEO. III.

CU8.	163

(B.)

CERTIFICATE of the Officer of the Commiffionera for the Re* duftion of the National Debt to enable Payments to be made into the Bank of England.

T Do hereby certify. That it appears by an Order dated ■1	produced	to	me conformable to the Pro*

vifions of Tvjo A6b, made in the Fifty feventh and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, to encourage the Eftabliffiment of Banks for Savings in England, that Two of the Trustees of the Saving Bank eftabliffied at [ tnfert. the Town and County] have authorized and dire&ed A. B. to pay into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Commiffionera for the Re* du&ion of the National Debt, the Sum pi

Pounds, and to receive a Saving Bank Debenture of the like Amount, [or, Saving Bank Debentures making the like Amount as under] carrying Intereft at the Rate of Three Pence per Centum per Diem.

Witnefs my Hand,

G» Superintendent.

(C.)

FORM of the DEBENTURE to be iflued by the Officer of the Commiffionefs for the Redu&ion of the National Debt.

No._______________________I £___________________________________

Received	of the Saving Bank

eftabliffied at	in	the County of

Pounds $ which Sum is placed to the Account of the CommiffiQners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt.

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, Entered,	A,	B.	Caffiier.

YA/HE RE AS by virtue of Two A As, made in the Fifty feventh V V and Fifty eighth Years of King George the Third, to encourage the Eftabliffiment of Banks for Savings in England, the above Sum hath been paid into the Bank of England to the Account of the Commiffionera for the Redu&ion of the National Debt, on account of the Saving Bank above ftated: Now this Debenture it chargeable on the Monies or Funds ftanding in the Names of the Commiffionera for the Redu&ion of the National Debt at the Bank of England, and entitles the faid Saving Bank to the faid Principal Sum, carrying an Intereft after the Rate of Three Pence per Day For every One hundred Pounds, from the Day of the Date hereof inclufive, payable at the Bank of England to the Truftees, or to their Ufe, by the Order of Two of fuch Truftees, on the Twentieth Day of Mar \or% Twentieth Day of November next] next after the Date hereof or at any other time, upon the Produ&ion of fuch Order at the Office of the faid Commiffionera, and the Indorfement hereon of the Names and under the Hands of Two of the Truftees of the faid Saving Batik, directing Payment thereof to be demanded by the Perfon producing the fame; and the Intereft (hall in all cafes be computed from

M2	the

56° GEO. IIr.

A.D. 181&

16*	C.4P.

the Day of the Date of the Debenture inclufive, up to and including the Five Days following the Day of the Date of fuch Order.

Witnefs my Hand, the Day and Date above written,

C. D. Superintendent* This Debenture is not transferable nor aflignable.

(D.)

FORM of DEBENTURE to be iflued by the Officer of the Commiffioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt in Exchange for an Original Debenture, with or without the Intereft added thereto.

No________________________	£-------------------------

x TflJHEREAS by virtue of Two Ads, made in the Fifty feventh and Fifty eighth Years of King George the Third, to encourage the Eftablifhment of Banks for Savings in England, a Debenture [nr, Debentures] whereof the Principal, [or, the Principal and Intereft] amounting to the Sura of	Pounds,	hath

[or, have] been received at the Office of the Commiffioners for the Redudion of the National Debt, on account of the Saving Bank eftablWhed at	in	the	County	of

*	Now	this	Debenture	is	in	Exchange

for the fame, and is chargeable on the Monies or Funds ftanding in the Names of the Commiffioners for the Redudion of the National Debt at the Bank of England, and entitles the faid Saving Bank to the (aid Sum above ftated, carrying an Intereft after the Rate of Three Pence per Day for every One hundred Pounds, from the Day of the Date hereof inclufive, payable at the Bank of England to the Truftees, or to their Ufe, by the-Order of Two of fuchTruftees, on the Twentieth Day of May [or. Twentieth Day of November] next after the Date hereof, or at any other time, upon the Pro-dudion of fuch Order at the Office of the faid Commiffioners, and the Indorfement hereon of the Names and under the Hands of Two of the Truftees of the faid Saving Bank, directing Payment thereof to be demanded by the Perfon producing the fame $ and the Intereft (hall in all cafes be computed from the Day of the Date of the Debenture inclufive, up to and including the Five Days following the Day of the Date of fuch Order.

Witnefs my Hand, this	Day	of

C. 3* Superintendent* This Debenture is not transferable no* aflignable.

(E.)

INDORSEMENT of the Order of the Truftees on the Debenture to receive Payment.

WE/ Two of the Truftees of the Saving Bank within deferibed, do hereby authorize and dired C. Z). to demand and receive both the Principal and Intereft of the Debenture in Money, [or, to demand and receive the Intereft due thereon in Money, and alfo a new Debenture of the like Amount, in lieu of this Debenture, bearing the like Rate of Intereft;] [or, to demand a new Debenture [or. Debentures] of the like Amount, and the Intereft added thereto, bearing the like Rate of Intereft.]

Or.

A.D.131&

58° GEO. III.

a 48.

0r,

A- of	and	B. of

:	Two of the Truftees of the Saving

Bank within defcribed, do hereby require fuch an Amount of Three per Centum Confolidated [or. Reduced] Bank Annuities, [or. Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities] to be transferred into our faid Names, as Truftees of the faid Saving Bank, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, computed according to the Provifions of the A& in that cafe made and provided, as (hall' produce by fuch Computation the like Amount as the Principal and Intereft of this Debenture in Money.

Witnefs our Hands, this	Day	of

Signed in the Prefence of us,l £. Witnefs to the Signing of A. > -F. Witnefs to the Signing of B. J

* _____1	Truftees of the

b	> faid Saving

A----------j Bank.

: (F- *•)

CERTIFICATE of the Officer of the Commiffioners for the Re* du&ion of the National Debt, to enable the Payment of One or more Debentures in Money.

T Do hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, That a Debenture [or. Debentures] hath [or, have] been delivered at the Office of the Commiffioners for the Kedu&ioa of the National Debt, conformably to an Order under the Hands of Two of the Truftees of the Saving Bank eftablilhed at [ infirt the Town and County 2 purfuant to the Provifions of Two A€t% paiTed in the Fifty feventh and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, to encourage the Eftablilhment of Banks' for Savings in England j and that the Sum to be paid on Account thereof in Money amounts to	Pounds

Shillings and	Pence ;

which faid Sum pay to A. B. the Perfon authorized by the {aid Truftees to receive the fame.

Witnefs my Hand, this	Day	of*

C. D. Superintendent.

Received the Sum above ftated,

E. F. a&ing for the Truftees.

(F. *.)

CERTIFICATE of the Officer of the Commiffioners for the Re-du&ion of the National Debt, to enable the Payment of One or more Debentures in Stock.

T Do hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, That a Debenture [or, Debentures] hath [or, have] been delivered at the Office of the Commiffioners tor the Reduction of the National Debt, on Account of the Saving Bank eftablilhed at [Infert the Town and County] purfuant to the Provifions of Two Acts palTed in the Fifty feventh and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign pf King George the Third, to encourage the EftabWhmcnt of Banka

M 3	for

A.D.181R.

46 0.3. C. 5*.

47 0.3. 8e(T. I,

c.36.

31 0.3. c.,*3«

C. 48, 49.	58° GEO. III.

for Savings in England ; and that the Sum of

Three per Centum Confolidated [nr. Reduced] Bank. Annuities, [or. Three Pounds and Ten Shillings pet; Centum Bank Annuities] to be transferred on account thereof from the Account of the (aid Commiffionert Handing in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, into the Names of A. of -	and	B. of	Two

of the Truftees of the faid Saving Bank, computed according to the Provifions of the faid Ad, amounts to	Pounds.

Witnefs my Hand, this	Day of

C. D. Superintendent.

(G.)

CERTIFICATE to be granted bv the Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on the Transfer of Stock from the Account of the Commtffioners for the Redudion of the National Debt, to the Truftees of Saving Banks.

TN purfuance of T wo Ads, pafled in the Fifty feventh and Fifty

*	eighth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, to encou-

rage the Eftablifhment of Banks for Savings in England, I do hereby certify. That the Sum of	•	Three

Pounds per Centum Confolidated [or, Reduced] Bank Annuities,

J[or, Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities] hath been this Day transferred from the Account of the Com-'Xpimoners for the Reduction of the National Debt, into the Names of A. and 27. Two of the Truftees of the Saving Bank eftablifhed at \infert the Town and County’] under the Provifions of the find

Aft.

Witnefs my Hand, this	Day of

CAP. XLIX.

■An A.& to explain Three A&s, pafled in the Forty G*th, Forty feventh and Fifty firft Years of His Majefty’s Reign, re-fpe&ively, for the Abolition of the Slave Trade. ‘

[30th May 1818.]

*	YT7HEREAS an A d was paflbd in the Forty* fixth Year of 4 .VV the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A8 to pre-1 vtnt the Importation of Slaves by any of His Majefty*s Subje8s into 4 any IJlands, Colonies, Plantations or Territories belonging to any

*	Foreign Sovereign, State or Power; and alfo to render more 4 effcBual a certain Order made by His Majefiy in Council on the

*	Fifteenth Dap of Auguft One tboufand eight hundred and five> for 4 prohibiting the Importation of Slaves (except in certain Cafes) into 4 any of the Settlements, I (lands % Colonies or Plantations on the Conti-4 nent of America or in the Weft Indies, which have been furrendered 4 to His Majefty*s Arms during the prefent War; and to prevent the 4 fitting out of Foreign Slave Ships from Britifh Ports : And Whereas 4 an Ad was pafled in the Forty feventh Year of the Reign of His 4 prefent Majefty, intituled An A8 for the Abolition of the Slave

*	Trade; And Whereas another Ad was pafled in the Fifty firft

« Year

A.D. 181ft.

58° GEO. III.

C. 49.

167

*	Year of the Reign of Hie prefent Majefly, intituled An AS for

*	rendering more ejfcSual an A8 made in tie Forty /eventh Tear of

*	Hie Majejh’s Reign* intituled * An A8 for the Abolition of the

*	Slave Trade :* And Whereas divers Perfons have, contrary to Law,*

*	imported into certain of His Majefty’s Poffeffions on the Continent

*	of South America, certain Negro Slaves from other Poffeffions of < His Majefty : And Whereas it is expedient that all Perfons who

*	have been concerned in adviffng, authorizing or making fuch Im-

*	portations of Negro Slaves as aforefaid, contrary to Law, (hould

*	be indemnified, inafmuch as fuch Importations have been made 1 under a belief that they were authorized by Law Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament attembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid Importations be and be deemed valid and of due Force in Law ; and that all perfonal Adions and Suits, Indidments, Informations and all Profecutions and Proceedings whatfoever, which have been or (hall be hereafter profecuted or commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for having advifed, authorized or made any fuch Importation at any time before the paffing of this Ad, be, are and (hall be. difeharged and made void by virtue of this Ad ; and that if any Adion or Suit (hall be pro-fecated or commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for or by reafon of any fuch Importation, he, (he or they may plead the General Iffue, and give this Ad and the (pedal Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any Adion or Suit fo to be profecuted or commenced in that Part of the United Kingdom called England or that Part called Ireland* or in any of His Maiefty’s Poffeffions on the Continent of South America or in the Weft India Iflands, (hall become nonfuit, or forbear further Profecution, or fuffer Difcontinu-ance, or if a Verdid (hall pafs againft fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants mall recover his, her or their Double Cofts, for which he, (he or they (hall have the like Remedy as in cafes where the Cofts by Law are given to the Defendants \ and if any fuch Adion or Suit as aforefaid' (hall be commenced or profecuted in the Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ the Court before which fuch Adion or Suit (hall be commenced or profecuted (hall allow to the Defender the Benefit of the Difcharge and Indemnity thereby provided, and (hall further allow him his Double Cofts of Suit in all fuch cafes as aforefaid.

II. And be it alfo enaded, That if any Adion or Suit hath been already commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any fuch Importation, it (hall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defenders m fuch Adion or Suit refpedively, in whatever Court of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland or in any of His Majefty’s Poffeffions on the Continent of South America* or in the Wejt India Iflands, fuch Adion or Snit (hall have been commenced, to apply to fuch Court or Courts refpedively, to ftay all Proceedings thereon-refpedively, by Motion in a fummary Way, and fuch Court or Courts are hereby required to make Order for that Purpofe accordingly ; and the Court or Courts making fuch Order (hall allow and award to the Defendant or Defenders refpedively Double Cofts of Suit| for which they (hall refpedively have the like Remedy at in

M 4	cabs

Certain Importations of Slaves rendered valid, and Probations nulled.

General lfluc in fuch Afiions.

Double Cofts.

A&lons in Scotland.

Double Cofts.

Proceeding* where Suit*have' been commenced to be ^ fteyedi

Double Coft*

J«a	e.49.	58°	GEO.	III.	A.D.	18185

Slaves may be tranfported from the Bahamas and D minica to South America pn Licence.

Hb Majcfty in Council may make further Rules and Orders.

Regulations as to the Conveyance of Slaves from one Settlement V> another bj Sea.

provifo for employing Slaves in Navigation, f iihui|, &S*

cafes where the Cofts are by Law given to the Defendant or Defenders.

• III. And Whereas it has been reprefented that there is in the < Bahama IJlands, and on certain Eftates in the Ifland of Dominica*

4 a confiderable Quantity of the Land which, from Length of Culti-« vation, has become exhaufted i And Whereas it has in confequence 4 become impoffible for the Proprietors of fuch Land to find pro-4 fitable Employment and Subfiftence for the Negro Slaves who are 4 their Property, and have hitherto been fopported by cultivating

•	the faid Land : And Whereas it might tend to ameliorate the Con-4 dition of the faid Negro Slaves if they could by Law be tranf-4 ported to certain of His Maiefty’s Pofleffions on the Continent of

*	South America, to which by Law they cannot now be tranfported Be it ena&ed. That from and after the palling of this A&, it (hall and may be lawful for His Majefty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to grant Licences for the Tranfportation of fuch Slaves from any of the faid Ifland* to any of the faid Pofleffions on the Continent of South America, under certain Regulations and Re-ftri&ions, to be hereinafter provided : Provided always, that no fuch Licence (hall be granted tinlefs upon a Reprefentation to His Majefty’s Moft Honourable Privy Council, from the Proprietor of fuch Negro Slaves, who (hall be required to produce (atisfaftory Proof that the faid Slaves may be to tranfported without Difad-vantage to themfelves, and unlefs he fhall enter into Bond to remove the faid Negro Slaves in Families.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for His Majefty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to make fuch further Rules and Regqjations, with refpeft to the Tranf-port and Deftination of any fuch Negroes, with fuch Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach thereof, as fhall feem fit and neceflary to His Majefty, by and with the Advice afbrefaid.

V.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That it (hall not be lawful for any Perfop or Perfons to embark, (hip, export or carry upon the Sea, apy Slave or Slaves from any fuch Settlement or Territory, now belonging to, or under the Dominion, or in the Pofleffion of His Majefty, on the Continent of South America, to any other Country, Ifland, Territory or Place whatever, whether under the Dominion of His Majefty, or of any Foreign Sovereign, State ‘or Power ; any thing in the faid recited A&s or either of them, or in any other A& or Aflts pf Parliament to the contrary notwithftand-ing : Provided alfo,'that nothing hereinbefore contained (hall extend or ho conftrued to extend to prohibit or prevent the embarking, {hipping, exporting or carrying by S.ea any Slave or Slaves from any fuch Settlement or Territory of or belonging to, or under the Dominion, or in the Pofleffion of His Majefty, on the Continent of South America, to any other Settlement or Territory now belonging to, or under the Dominion, or in the Pofleffion of His Majefty, on the faid Continent of South America, fo as that fuch Slaves are embarked, (hipped and fo carried by Sea, under and fubje& and according to all the Re-ftri&iops. Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures in the faid recited A&8 or either of them contained, in relation to the carrying of Slaves from one Ifland, Colony or Plantation belonging to His Majefty, to any other Ifland, Colony or Plantation belonging to His Majefty r Provided alfo, that nothing hereinbefore contained (hall prevent or be

conftrued

A.D.1818.

58° GEO. III.

1G9

C. 4f>, 50.

Conftrued to prevent any Slave from being employed either in Navigation, Fifhing or any other his ordinary Bufinefs or Occupation upon the Seas, in the fame manner as Slaves may now be employed in any Britifb Weft India Ifland, in Numbers not exceeding in any one Boat or Veffel thofe ufually employed in navigating fucn Veffels ^ ^ slave* or Boats: Provided alfo, that nothing hereinbefore coutained (hall ^omeftic extend or be con ft rued to extend to prevent any Slave who (hall be Servants attend-really and truly the domeftic Servant of any Perfon redding or being ing their Maftei s in any fuch Settlement or Territory, now belonging to, or under the ty Sea-Dominion, or in the Pofleffion of His Majefty as aforefaid, from attending his or her Owner, or Mafter or Miftrefs, or any Part of his or her Family, by Sea to any Place whatever, in the fame manner and under the fame Regulations as are prefcribed by any of the faid recited Ads as to Slaves attending their Matters from any Britijh Weft India Ifland.

CAP. L.

An Aft to amend and continue, until the Tenth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, an Aft palled in the Fifty lixth Year of His prefent Majefty, to repeal the Duties payable in Scotland upon WaQi and Spirits, and Diftillers* Licences; to grant other Duties in lieu thereof ; and to eftablilh further Regulations for the Diftillation of Spirits from Corn, for Home Confumption, in Scotland.

[30th May 1818.]

*	TT7HEREAS an Aft paffed in the Eiftv fixth Year of the 0*3-«•«<*•

*	W Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS to repeal

*	tie Duties payable in Scotland ufon Wajb and Spirits, and Diftillers9

*	Licences ; to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and to eftablifb

*	further Regulations for the Diftillation of Spirits from Com, for

*	Home Confumption9 in Scotland, until the Tenth Day of November ‘ One thoufand eight hundred and. eighteen ; and it is expedient that < the fame (hould be altered, amended, and continued:* May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be ena&ed\ and Be it ena&ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Aur

thority of the fame. That from and after the faid Tenth Day of From Nov. ic, November One thoufand right hundred and eighteen, and until the 1818, to Nov. Tenth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, Jo»i8ao,ihe there (hall be railed, levied, collected and paid unto His Majefty,

His Heirs and Succeflors, the feveral Duties of Excife hereinafter ievied. mentioned; that is to fay,

For every Gallon of Wort or Walh brewed or made in any Part Duties on or Place in Scotland, from any Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, or any Womans Mixture with the fame, for extrafting Spirits for Confumption iq Scotland, Seven pence Halfpenny:

For every Gallon of Spirits of the Strength of Seven ter Centum above Proof, as denoted by the Hydrometer called Sikes* Hydrometer, which (hall be made or diftilled from any Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, or any Mixture therewith, in any Part or Place in Scot* land, for Confumption in Scotland,4 Eight pence Halfpenny:

The

17ft

C. 50.

58* GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

On Licences.

Duties to be levied under the Provifions of

J4 G 3-c. 172.

Duties paid into the Exchequer.

Rate at which Duty charged.

Where Spirits exceed Proportion of 13 Gallons for 100 Gallons of fuch Worts, 4s. 9$d. per Gallon paid for Excel*

The whole Quantity of Worn for Fermentation col:

The faid Duties to be paid by the refpeftive Makers or Diftillers of fuch Wort, Walh or Spirits refpeftively.

For every Licence to be taken out by any Diftiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, in any Part or Place in Scotland* for Sale therein, or for Exportation therefrom, the Sum of Ten Pounds :

For every Licence to be taken out by any Reftifier of Spirits, in any Part or Place in Scotland, the Sum of Five Pounds ;

The faid Duties for Licences to be paid by the refpeftive Dif-tillers and Reftifiers taking out fuch Licences refpeftively.

II.	And be it enafted, That the faid Duties granted by this Aft (hall be under the fame Management, and mall be raifed, levied, collefted, fecured and paid, in the fame manner, and by the fame Ways and Means, and under and fubjeft t6 all the Rules, Regulations, Reflriftions and Provifiona, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, and with and fubjeft to fuch and the like Powers, Authorities and Declarations, as are provided by the faid recited Aft, except as altered and amended by this Aft, and as are provided by an Aft palled in the Fifty fourth Y^ar of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for repealing the Duties payable in Scotland upon Diftillers Wqfh, Spirits and Licences, and for granting other Duties in lien thereof for the Management, Colleftion and Recovery of the Duties thereby granted, fo far as the fame are confident with the faid firft recited Aft and with this Aft.

III.	And be it further enafted. That the Duties granted by this Aft (the necefiary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted) fhall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wefiminjlcr, and Ihall he carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain*

IV.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the faid Tenth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, every Diftiller for Home Confumption in Scotland (hall be charged with and pay the Duties granted by this Aft, at and after the Rate of Thirteen Gallons of Spirits of the Strength of Seven per Centum above Proof as afore faid, for every One hundred Gallons of his or her Wort or Walh prepared or made from Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, of a Gravity not exceeding Seventy, as indicated by the Saccharometer in manner after mentioned.

V.	And be it further enafted. That if any Diftiller or Diftillers of Spirits for Home Confumption in Scotland (hall, from the Commencement of the Termination of his, her or their Licence, or when fuch Diftiller or Diftillers (hall previoufly ceafe working for the Seafon, extraft, make, diftil or produce from Wort or Wafh prepared or made from Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, any Quantity of Spirits exceeding the Proportion of Thirteen Gallons, for every -Hundred Gallons of fuch Worts or Walh diftilled into Spirits as aforefaid, every fuch Diftiller or Diftillers (hall pay Dufy for all fuch Spirits exceeding the Proportion aforefaid at and after the Rate of Four Shillings and Nine pence Halfpenny for every Gallon of fuch Excefs,

• computed at the Strength of Seven per Centum above Proof as a fore-laid, over and • above all other Duties on Worts, Wafh or Spirits whatfoever.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That the whole Quantity of Worts that are to be placed in any Walh Batch, Tun or Veffei for Fermentation, /hall be collefted therein within the Space of Twelve

Hours

A. D.1818.

58* GEO. III.

C.50.

171

Hours from and after tbe Commencement of running or conveying Ufted within 12

any Part of the faid Worts from the Coolers or other Veffels; Houri,«nd De-

and all and every Diftiller or Diftdlers (hall within fuch Twelve	Won*

Hours make and deliver to the proper Officer a Declaration in Writ. areofM Gravity

ing, that fuch Worts fo colle&ed as aforefaid are of a Gravity not not exceeding

exceeding Seventy, as indicated by the Saccharometer directed by 70.

the faid firft recited A & to be provided and ufed for this Purpofe;

and if any Diftiller or Diftillers (hall refufe or negle& fo to collet

all fuch Worts within the time aforefaid, or (hall negleft or refufe

to make fuch Declaration as aforefaid, or make a fallc Declaration,

or (hall ferment or mix fuch Worts with any Yeaft, or any matter

or thing for or occafiening Fermentation, before the proper Officer

(hall have examined and taken an Account of the Gravity thereof

by fuch Saccharometer as aforefaid; or which, after being fo colle&ed

as aforefaid, (hall exceed the Gravity aforefaid ; every tucb Diftiller

or Diftillers (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay Penalty tool.

the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful Treafury may for the Commiffionert of His Majefiy’s Treafury of tbe United empower Com-Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for tbe time being, by any V!*™.0"*” Ex-Warrant, Order or Inftru&ion figned by any Three or more of them, ■llowSS'.nd to authorize and empower the Commiffioners of Excife in Scotland ,‘m^aa security for the time being, by any Licence or Authority in Writing under time for Pay-the Hands of any Three or more of them, to allow fuch time as meat of Duties, they (hall think fit for the Payment by any Diftiller or Diftillers “f*

for Home Confumption in Scotland of the Duties granted by this intereft »t

A61, no( exceeding Two Calendar Months from the time the fame 5i ^

(hall refpeftively become due and payable, and to take fuch Security

or Securities for the Payment thereof, with Intereft thereon at the

Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum from the Day on which

tbe fame are payable by Law, until the fame (hall be paid, as the

faid Commiffioners of Excife (hall think proper, • fubje& to fuch

Limitations, Conditions and Reftri&ions as the faid Commiffioners

of His Majefty*s Treafury (hall think fit; any thing in any A& or

A61s to the contrary notwithftaoding.

VIII.	And he it further ena6ted, That from and after .the Tenth Locks aQd Faf-

Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, a tarings for fe-proper Lock and Fattening (hall be provided and maintained by curing the Dir. the refpe6fcive Supervisor of Excife of the Divifion or Diftrid, at	Cock*,	,

the Expence and Charge of every Diftiller of Spiritg for Home b^e SuMrvU* Confumption in Scotland, for properly and fufficiently locking and At the £x. * Securing the Difcharge Cock of every Walh Batch or Fermenting pence of the Tun or Veffel ufed by fuch Diftiller or Diftillers; which Lock Diftiller.

and Fattening (hall be taken and Sealed by the proper Officer of Ex- Locka and F,f-•ife, and (hall be and remain always fo locked and Sealed, excepting	6

when the fame (hall be opened by the proper Officer of Excife, opened by the who (hall attend when thereunto required by fuch Diftiller for the proper Officer, Purpofe of opening fuch Lock or Locks, and allowing tbe Walh io yhae the W«fo any fuch Wa(h Batch or Tun to be conveyed into the Jack Back “"Wf0 in the manner dire&ed by the faid firft recited A611 and that as K ac * foon as the Charge for any Still (hall have been run into the Jack Back in the manner dire6fced by the faid* firft recited A&» the Discharge Cock of the Wa(h Batch or Fermenting Tun or Tuns from wbenct fuch Charge (hall have been taken, (hail be again locked and

Sealed

C. 50.

J>8° GEO. III.

A.D. 1813.

Diftiller. Sec. negle&ing to P-y, &c.

OMtrutfing Officer, &c.;

or if lack Back not proi*riy placed.

Penalty loci. Before making Bub or any other Compofi-tion, Entry {halt be made of the Veffelt, and NoT tree given to the Officer before Che making of any fuch Mixture, who may take Account and aUo Samples to afeertain the Gravity.

In what cafe Compofition taken at Walk.

Not making Entry, negle&-hig to give Notice, unduly making fuch Compofition, tc.

foaled as aforefaid by the proper Officer, before the Waih Still ihall be opened into which fuch Charge is to be pumped up from the Jack Back in the mariner dire&ed by the (aid firft recited A& j and that fuch Jack Back (hall in all Cafes be placed in the Still Houfe, as near as conveniently may be to the Waih Still to which it forms the Means of Charge ; and if any fuch Diftiller or Diftillers (hall negleft or refufe to pay for any Lock, Key or other necefikry Fattening for fecuring fuch Difcharge Cock as aforefaid, or for the Repair or Removal thereof, which ihall be provided or made by or by the Order of any Supervifor according to the Direction of this Ad, <jr ihall open, break or injure the fame; or if anj Perfoa or Perfons ihall obftrud or hinder anj Officer or Officers ot Excife, or any Perfon or Perfons by him or them employed in that behalf, in the fixing or placing any fuch Faftening in inch manner at fuch Officer or Officers ihall dire& or think expedient to anfwer any of the Purpofes by this Ad in that behalf intended, or in the locking, fealing or fecuring any fuch Difcharge Cock; or if the Jack Back ufedby fuch Diftiller ihall not be placed in the Still Houfe as near as conveniently may be to the Waih Still as aforefaid, eveij fuch Diftiller ihall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and laic the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

IX. And be it further enaded. That before making or ufing a Compofition or Mixture called Bub, or any other Compofition or Mixture for inducing or increaling the. Fermentation of Wort or Waih, every Diftiller of Spirits for Home Confumption in Scotland ihall make Entry of every Veffel ufed by him or her for the Purpofe of making or keeping any fuch Compofition or Mixture* describing the fame, and in what Part of the Premifes the fame is placed; and every fuch Diftiller ihall alfo give Notice to the Officer of Ezcife, at leaft Six Hours before beginning to make any fuch Compofition or Mixture, and ihall alfo in fuch Notice fpecify the particular Waih Batch or Fermenting Tun into which fuch Compofition or Mixture is to be put, and the Quantity of fuch Compofition or Mixture to be made by fuch Diftmer, which Quantity (hall not exceed the Proportion of Seven Gallons thereof for every One hundred Gallons of Worts, for inducing the Fermentation of which the faid Compofition or Mixture is to be prepared; and the Officer ihall take ah Account thereof in fuch Veffels refpedively, and alfo of the Worts placed or to be placed in the Waih Batch or Fermenting Tun, for inducing the Fermentation of which fuch Compofition or Mixture is to be ufcd, and (hall and may at all times be at liberty to take a Sample or Samples of fuch Compofition or Mixture, to afeertain the Gravity thereof by the faid Saccharometer; and if the Gravity thereof or any Pait thereof fo ascertained ihall not at any time exceed the Gravity pf the Worts made by fuch Diftiller fo limited, and fo taken an Account of when colle&ed as aforefaid, and ihall not at any time be found of a lefs Gravity than Twenty, as indicated by the faid Saccharometer, fuch Compofition or Mixture ihall be deemed and taken to be Waih, and the Duty hereby impofed on Wort or Waih ihall be charged thereon: And if any fuch Diftiller ihall not make Entry of every fuch Veffel as aforefaid, or (hall at any time alter or change the Pofition of any fuch Veffels without giving Notice thereof m Writing to the proper Officer of Excife, or ihall not give fuch Notice as is herein dire&ed, or ihall make any fuch Qompofitien or

Mixture

A.D. 1818.

58* GEO* III.

C. 50.

173

Mixture of a greater Quantity .or Gravity than aforefaid, or if the Officer (hall be prevented or obftru&ed in taking an Account thereof or Samples as aforefaid, as often and at fuch tunes as he may think neceffary to ascertain the Gravity and Quantity thereof or if fuch Diftiller (hall refufe or negleft to remove and put all fuch Com* pofition or Mixture into the Wa(h Batch or Fermenting Tun fpecified in fuch Notice as aforefaid, immediately after the Worts are collected therein, and a Declaration of the Gravity thereof is delivered to, and the Gravity thereof has been tried by the Officer, for the fermenting of which the faid Compofition or Mixture was fpecified in fuch Notice as aforefaid, or (hall keep in any fuch Veffel any fuch Compofition which (hall have become attenuated fo low as Twenty, as indicated by the faid Saccharometer, or if fuch Diftiller (hall at any time increafe the Gravity of fuch Compofition or Mixture after Trial thereof (hall have been once made by Means of the faid Saccharometer, or if after fuch Trial (hall have been made the Gravity of any fuch Compofition or Mixture (hall be found to be more than Five Degrees greater, as indicated by the faid Saccharometer, than the_ Gravity thereby indicated on fuch Trial as aforefaid ; 'every fuch Diftiller fo offending in anv of the above Particulars, or in whofe Premifes any fuch-Offence mall be committed, (hall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always, that if any fuch Compofition or Mixture made by any fuch Diftiller (hall not have become' attenuated fo low as Twenty, as indicated by the faid Inftniment called ? Saccharometer, and fuch Diftiller (hall within Twenty four Hours after fuch Compofition or Mixture (hall have been begun to be made, to be reckoned from the time that the Officer firft took Account thereof, remove and put the Whole thereof into the Wafh Batch or Fermenting Tun fpecified in fuch Notice as aforefaid, in the Prefence of the proper Officer of Excife, and if fuch Officer (hall then find an Increafe of the Quantity of Worts in fuch Wafh Batch or Fermenting Tun equal to tne Amount arifing from fuch Compofition or Mixture put therein, fuch Compofition or Mixture put therein (hall be charged with Duty therein as Part of the Worts or Wa(h in fuch Wa(h Batch or Tun, and not diftin&Iy and feparately therefrom.

X. And Whereas the Djftilhng Feints with Wa(h is injurious to the Quality of the Spirits ; Be it therefore enafted. That from and after the Tenth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, no Diftiller of Spirits for Home Confumption in Scot• land (hall mix any Feints with any Wa(h or Low Wines, or put any Feints into any Back or other Veffel, or into any Still into which any Wafh or Low Wines (hall then be, or any Wafh into any Back or other Veffel or into any Still where any Feints (hall be ; but (hall, and every fuch Diftiller is hereby required to provide a proper Feint Cafk, fufficient to contain the whole Quantity of Feints neceffary for one Charge of the Low Wine Still ufed by any fuch Diftiller or Diftillers ; and every fuch Diftiller (hall, immediately on the extracting thereof, run and convey all the Feints which (hall be produced from each Charge of his or her Still or Stills, dire&ly from fuch Still or Stills into fuch Feint Cafk, to be kept therein under the‘Lock of the Officer; and all Feints to be produced by any fuch Diftiller (hall be kept and continued in fuch Feint Cafk under fuch Lock as aforefaid,, until the fame amount in Quantity to fuch Charge as aforefaid.

Penalty aooL

Regulation* aa to attenuating Mixtures In what cafe Miituro charged as Part, of the Worts.

No Feints to be mixed with Wafh, &c.

Cafk to be provided to contain the Quantity neceffary for a Charge.

Regulation* for running the Feints, 8tc.

C. 50, 51.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

ProvUb at to colle&ing and keeping Feints.

Penalty aool.

When Licences to expire.

Continuance of A& and of 56 O.3. c.106.

A6t may be altered, fcc. thl* Seffioo.

4 Edw. 4. c. J.

t Ann. Sut. % c. 18.

and ihall be pumped into the Low. Wine Still as hereinafter mentioned 1 and the proper Officer of Excife (hall and may frOm time to time, during fuch time as aforefaid, take a true Gauge, and try the Strength of all Feints in fuch Feint Calk, and caft and compute the fame at the Rate of Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, and keep an exad Account thereof: Provided always, that no fuch Diftiller (hall colled or keep at any one time a greater Quantity of Feints than is fufficient for One Charge of the 'Low Wine Still nfed by him or her; and that fo foon as fuch Quantity of Feints (hall be fo colle&ed as aforefaid, every fuch Diftiller (hall, and he and (he is hereby required to give Notice to the proper Officer that fnch Feints are fo colleded, and of his or her Intention to charge his or her Low Wine Still therewith, and upon the Officer’s attending purfuant to fuch Notice, to pump all fuch Feints, in the Prefence of fuch Officer, from and out of fuch Feint Ca(k into the Low Wine Still ufed by fuch Diftiller, and to run the Produce thereof from fuch Low Wine Still into the Low Wine Receiver $ and any Diftiller offending in any of the above Particulars, (hall for every Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall‘and may be lawful for any Diftiller or Diftillers to apply at any time for a Licence to diftil under the Authority of this Ad, but that every fuch Licence (hall expire on the Ninth Day of November immediately fubfequeot to the Day of the Commencement of fuch Licence.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad and the faid firft recited Ad, as altered and amended by this Ad and hereby continued, (hall be and remain in force until the faid Tenth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and twenty; and the faid recited Ad and this Ad (hall be conftrued and receive Effed together, in the fame manner as if fuch Parts of the faid firft recited Ad as are hereby continued had, as hereby altered, been made Part of this Ad.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That this A A may be altered,

varied or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be palled in this prefect Seffioo of Parliament.	^

CAP.'LL

An Aft to amend certain Afts pafled in the Fourth Year of King Edward the Fourth} Firft and Tenth Years of Queen Anne 1 Firft, Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of King George the Firft 5. Thirteenth, Twenty fecond and Twenty ninth Years of King George the Second ; and Thirteenth and Fifty feventh Years of King George the Third; prohibiting the Payment of the Wages of Workmen in certain Trades other-wife than in the lawful Coin or Money of this Realm.

[30th May 1818.]

*	YT7HEREAS in and by certain Provifions contained in an Ad < W pafled in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majefty i King Edward the Fourth, and by certain other Provifioos of an 1 Ad pafled in the Firft Year of the Reign of Her Majefty Queen

*	Anne, intituled An A3 for the more tjfcBual preventing the Abufcs

*	and Fraud* of Perfon* employed in the working up the WooUen*

if	•	Linen,

A.D. J81S.

58? GEO. lit

C. 51

175

*	Linen % Fuftian, Cotton and Iron ManufaBures of this Kingdom ;

4 and by certain other Provifions of an A A patted in the Tenth xoAnn. c. 16.

*	Year of the Reign of Her faid Majefty, intituled jin jiB for 4 regulatingf improving and eneouraging the Woollen ManufaBurt 4 of Mint or Medley Broad Cloth% and for the better Payment of 4 the Poor employed therein ; and by certain other Provifioos of an

4 AA patted in the Firft Year of the Reign of His late Majefty x G. r. Sut. »• 4 King George the Firft, intituled An AB to make an AB of the Tenth xi-4 Tear of Her late MajcRy* intituled An AB for regulatings improv*

4 ing and encouraging of the Woollen ManufaBure oj Mint or 4 Medley Broad Cloths and for the better Payment of the Poor 4 employed therein, more ejfeBual for the Benefit of Trade in general ;

4 and alfo to render more ejfeBual an AB of toe Seventh Tear of Her y Ann. c. 13.

4 faid Majefty's Reign y intituled An AB for the better afeertaining 4 the Lengths and Breadths of Woollen Cloth made in the County 4 of Yprk; and by certain other Provifions of an AA patted in the 4 Twelfth Year of the Reign of His faid Majefty King George the xaO. 1. c. 34. 4 Firft, intituled An AB to prevent unlawful Combination of Work*

4 men employed in the Woollen ManufaBures and for the better Pay-4 ment of their Wages ; and by certain other Provifiona of an AA 4	patted in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Hit faid late Majefty	13 G.	1.	c. aj.

‘	King George the Firft, intituled An AB for the better Regulation

4 of the Woollen ManufaBures and for preventing Dilutes among the 4 Perfons concerned therein ; and for limiting a time for profecutiug 4 for the Forfeiture appointed by an AB of the Twelfth Tear of His 4 Majeftf s Reigns in cafe of Payment of the Workmen's Wages in 4 any other manner than in Money ; and by certain other Provittons 4	of an A A patted in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Hia	13 G	a.	c.8.

4	late Majefty King George the Second, intituled An AB to explain

4 and amend an A3 made in the Firft Tear of the Reign of Her 4 kite Majefty, Queen Anne, intituled An AB for the more ejfeBual 4 preventing the Abufes and Frauds of Perfons employed in the work-4 ing up the Woollens Linen, Fuftians Cotton and Iron ManufaBures 4 of thu Kingdoms and for extending the faid AB to the Manu*

4 faBures of Leather; and by certain other Proviiions of an. A A 4 patted in the Twenty fecond Year of the Reign of His faid late aa G. a* c. %y% 4 Majefty King George the Second, intituled An AB for the more 4 ejfeBual preventing of Frauds and Abufes committed by Perfons 4 employed in the Manufacture of Hats% and in the Woollens Linens 4 Fuftians Cottons Irons Leathers Furs Hemps Flax9 Mohair and 4 Suk ManufaBures; and for the preventing the ■ unlawful Com*

4 hinaam of Journeymen Dyers and Jomneymen Hotprefferss and of 4 all Perfons employed in the faid feveral ManufaBures ; and for 4 the better Payment of their Wages ; and by certain Proyittons of 4 an AA patted in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His 2f o. 2. c. 33. 4 faid Majefty King George the Second, intituled An AB to render 4 more ejfeBual an AB pafjed in the Twelfth Tear of the Reign of 4 His late Majefty King George, to prevent unlawful Combinations 4 of Workmen employed in the Woollen ManufaBures* and for better 4 Payment of their Wages ; and alfo an AB pajfed in the Thirteenth 4 Tear of the Reign of His faid late Majefty, for the better Regu-4 lotion of the Woollen ManufaBures and for preventing Dijpules 4 among the Perfons concerned therein» and for limiting a time for 4 presenting for the Forfeiture appointed by the aforefaid AB, in

1 crfe

17 G-3- c.56.

57 0*3-

| Sic.

57 0.3. c.iaa.

Wage* may be paid iu Bank Note* if the Party contents.

C. 51.	, £ru GEO. III.	A.D.ISIS.

*	cafe of the Payment of the Workmen'1 Wages in any other manner 4 than in Money ; ami by certain other Provifions of an A St pafTed

*	in the Thirteenth Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled An 4 AS for amending and rendering more effeSual the federal Laws 4 now in being for the more effeSual preventing of Frauds and 4 Abufes, by Perfons employed in the ManufaSure of Hats, and in 4 the Woollent Linen, Fujlian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur9 Hemp, 4 Flax, Mohair and Silh ManufaBures, and alfo for making Pro-4 vifions to prevent Frauds by Journeymen Dyers; at well as by

*	the Provifions of Two other A61s of the Fifty fcventh Georgef

<	Third, the one intituled An AS to extend the Provifions of an AS 4 of the Twelfth Tear of His late Majejly King George the firjfi, and 4 an AS of the Twenty fecond Tear of His late Majejly King George

*	the Second, agatnfi the Payment of Labourers in Goods or by Truck, 4 and to fecure their Payment in the lawful Money of this Realm to

*	Labourers employed in the ManufaSure of Articles made of Steel, or 4 of Steel or Iron combined, and of Plated Articles, and of other 4 Articles of Cutlery ; and the other intituled An AS to extend the 4 Provifions of an AS of the Twelfth Tear of His late Majejly King 4 George the Firjl, and an AS of the Twenty fecond Tear of His 4 late Majejly King George the Second, againfi Payment of Labourert

*	in Goods or by Truck, and to fecure their Payment in the lawful 4 Money of this Realm, to Labourers employed in the Collieries, of

*	in the working and getting of Coal, in the United Kingdom of Great

*	Britain and Ireland \ and for extending the Provifions of the faid 9 ASs to Scotland and Ireland $ the Payment of the Wans of 4 Workmen in certain Trades and Occupations in the aforefaid A&s 4 enumerated, in any other Way than in the lawful Coin or Money 4 of this Realm, is prohibited ahd made penal: And Whereas it 9 would be expedient that Perfons Concerned in the Trades or Oc-

*	cupations, or concerned in the Employment of Artificers, Work-4 men or Labourers, of the Defcriptions mentioned in the aforefaid 4 A&8, fhould be permitted in all Cafes where fuch Artificers,

4 Workmen or Labourers, fhall be willing to receive the fame .in

*	Payment, to fatiafy and pay the Wages of fuch Artificers# Work-4 men or Labourers, in Notes of the Governor and Company of the

<	Bank of England, or in Notes of any duly licenfed Banker or 4 Bankers, iffued under the Authority and according to the Pro-

*	vifions of the A£ks for the time being for granting and regulating 4 the Stamp Duties, and other the A£t or A&s for the time being,

4 for that Purpofe made and providedBe it therefore enacted by The King’a Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with, the Adflbe and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it fhffll and may be lawful to and for all and every Perfba or Perfons concerned in the Trades or Occupations, or concerned in the Employment of Artificers, Workmen or Labourers of the De-feriptions mentioned in the aforefaid A6U, or any of them, to pay the Wages of their, his or her Workman or Workmen, Labourer or Labourers, Artificer or Artificers, in a Note or Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or in «' Note or Notes of any <iu1y licenfed Banker or Bankers, iffued under the Authority of the Statutes for the time being in that behalf made and provided, and according to.{he Provifions of the §tatutqi for

the

A.D.I81&

58* GEO. III.

- C. 51.

177

the time being for granting and regulating the Stamp Duties in all Cafes where his, her or their Labourer or Laboorert, Workman or Workmen, Artificer or Artificers, (hall freely and voluntarily confent, and be willing to accept and receive the fame in Payment or Satisfaction of his, her or their Wages, but not otherwife.

* II. And Whereas by the faid Ads or fome of them it is pro-* vided, that the Forfeitures and Penalties thereby impofed on Per-4 fons concerned in the Trades and Occupations, or concerned in the 4 Employment of Artificers, Workmen and Labourers of the De-4 fcription therein mentioned, who fhall pay the Wages of the faid 4 Artificers, Workmen or Labourers, or any Part thereof, otherwife 4 than in the lawful Coin or Money-of this Realm, contrary to the 4 Provifiong of the faid Ads, (hall be paid in fome Cafes to the 4 Artificers, Workmen and Labourers, and in other Cafes One 4 Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Party or 4 Parties aggrieved: And Whereas it would tend to the more eafy 4 Convidion of Offenders, if the faid Forfeitures and Penalties were 4 in future in all Cafes to be paid, One Moiety to the Informer, and 4 the other Moiety to the Ufe of the Poor of the Parilh in which the 4 Offence is committed Be it therefore enaded, That fo much of the faid Ads or any of them a9 direds the Payment of the faid Forfeitures and Penalties, either to the Labourers, Artificers or Workmen themfelves, or in equal Moieties to the Informer and to the Party or Parties aggrieved, (hall be and tne fame is hereby repealed.

III.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the palling of this Ad, if any Perfon or Perfons fhall incur and be convided in any Penalty or Penalties under any of the faid Ads, fuch Penalty or Penalties, in which any fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be fo con vided, in (lead of being applied as by the faid Ads or any of them is direded, fhall -be paid and applied, One Moiety thereof to the* Informer, and the other Moiety to the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor, or in Scotland to the Kirk Sefiion of the Parilh within which the faid Offence fhall have been committed, for the Ufe of the Poor of the faid Parilh.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if the# Informer fhall be called to give Evidence, the. Whole of the Penalty fhall in that Cafe go to the Poor of the Parilh. ....

4 V. And Whereas Difficulties have occurred “in the Execution 4 of the aforefaid Ads by reafon of there being no Form of Con-4 vidion therein enaded ;9 Be it therefore enaded. That for the more effedually preventing the pernicious Pradices mentioned in the faid ’ recited Ads, and for the more eafy and effedual carrying into Effed the wholefome Provifions of the faid Ads, the Form of Con-vidion inferted iu Schedule (A.) to this Ad annexed, fhall be deemed and taken to be the legal and proper Form of Convidion as to any Penalty or Penalties to be incurred under any or either of the aforelaid Ads. .

VI.	And be it alfo further enaded, That all the Powers, Provifions, Regulations, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures in the faid Ads or any of them contained; for the Purpofes aforefaid, fhall be exerciied, enforced, levied, recovered and applied, in as ample and full a manner as if the fame had been hereby enaded.

So much of re. cited Alla as relates to Pay. merit of Forfeitures repealed.

One Moiety of Forfeitures to Informer, the other to the Poor, or in Scotland to the Kirk SeHinn of the Parilh.

In what cafe Penalty to Poor.

Form of Con-vi&ion in Schedule (A.) to be adopted.

Powers of recited Alls extended to this Ad.

58 Geo. III.

N

SCHEDULE

178

C.51, 52.

56* GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

SCHEDULE td which this AQt refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Shire 1 RE it remembered. That on this	Day of

to wit J	at	in	the	faid	County	of

A. B. or	in	the	faid	County	of	was

duly convifted before us	(Two	of

His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace in and for the County aforefaid), in the Penalty of	,	for	haring	paid	or caufed to

be paid the Sum of	due	to	C.	D.	of the Farifh

of	for	Wages	for	Work	done	for	him	the (aid A. B-

in the Trade or Occupation of	,	otherwife	than	as	pro-

vided and direfted by an Aft pafled in the Fifty eighth Year of His Majefty King George the Third, intituled An AB to amend certain ABs pafled tn the Fourth Tear of the Reign of King Edward the Fourth ; Fird and Tenth Tears of the Reign of Queen Anne / the Firfit Twelfth and Thirteenth Tears of the Reign of King George the Firfi ; the Thirteenth9 Twenty fecond and Twenty ninth Tears of the Reign of King George the Second; and the Thirteenth and Fifty feventb Tears of the Reign of King George the Third; prohibiting the Payment of the Wages of the Workmen in certain Trades % otherwife than in the lawful Coin or Money of this Realm. Given under our Hands and Seals the Day and Year firfi above written.

S% G. 3.C.17#

continued.

CAP. LIL

An AGt to continue, until the Twentieth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, an Aft of the Fifty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, for the more effe&ual Prefervation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding.	[30th	May	1818.]

< YT7HEREAS an Aft was pafled in the fifty fecond Year of ‘ VV His prefent Majefty** Reign, intituled An ABfor the more 4 efle&ual Prefervation• of the Peace% by enforcing the Duties of Watch• 4 tug and Warding9 until the Firfi Day of March One thoufand eight 4 hundred and fourteen, in Places where Dijturbances prevail 'or are 4 apprehended; which Aft was afterwards renewed, and haa been 4 continued, by an Aft of the laft Seffion of Parliament, until the 4 Fifteenth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen; 4 and it is expedient that the fame (hall be further continued ;* Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid Aft of the Fifty fecond Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign (hall be and the fame .is hereby further continued until the Twentieth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twenty.

CAP.

A.D. 1818.

58# GEO. IIL

C. 53.	179

CAP. LIII.

An Aft for enabling His Majefty to^nake further Provificm for His Royal ffighnefs the Duke of Kent, and to fettle an Annuity on the Princefs of Leiningen, in cafe (he (hall furvive his faid Royal Highnefs.	[30th	May 1818.]

* Moft Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majefty** moft dutiful and loyal Subject, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and • Ireland in Parliament aflembkd, having taken into Confideratioa * the Mefiage of Hiif Royal Highnefs the Prince Regent, acting in * the Name and on the behalf of His Majefty, communicating that a * Treaty of-Marriage was in Negociation between His Royal High-‘ nefs the Duke of Kent and Her Serene Highnefs Mary Louifa * FiBorta, Widow of the late Prince of Leiningen and Sifter of the * Reigning Duke of Same Cokourg of Saalfeld and of bis Royal 4 HignneU Leopold George Frederick Prince of Cokourg of Saalfeld,

4 do moft hntnbly bcfeech Your Msiefty that it may be enaftedand Beit ena&ed by The King** Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prelent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the lame. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for The King* An Annuity of Moft Excellent Majefty, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal dwin* of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to give and £ ^ u™ th* grant unto His faid Royal Highnefs the Duke of Kent, (or and DllkeofKe,“* during His Majefty** Royal Will and Pleafure, an Annuity or Yearly Sum of Six thoufand Pound* of lawful Money pf Great Britain, in fuch Proportions and in fuch manner and Form as His Majefty in His Wifdom (hall think fit to direft and appoint the fame; which Annuity (hall commence and take effeft from the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, and (hall be paid and payable Quarterly in equal Portions, at the Four moft ufual Days of Pay-meat in the Year, (that is to fay,) the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth payable Day of OBoker, the Fifth Day of January, and the Fifth Day of Quarterly. April in each and every Year; and alfo that it (hall and may be a	Annuity

lawful to and for The King*a Moft Excellent Majefty, by Letters to the Duchefo Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Bri» for Life if (he tain and Ireland, to give and grant unto Her laid Serene Highnefs the, Mary Louifa FiBoria Princefs of Leiningen, when (he (hall become OuartJriv l* Dochefs of Kent, or to fuch other Perfon or Perfons as His Majefty v (hall think fit to be named in fuch Letters Patent, and his or their Heirs, to the Ufe of or in Truft for Her faid Serene Highnefs, an Annuity of Six thoufand Pounds of like lawful Money, which (hall have Commencement and take effe£k immediately from and after the Deceafc of His faid Royal Highnefs the Duke of Kent, in cafe Her faid Serene Highnefs (hall furvive him, and (hall continue from thenceforth for and during the natural Life of Her faid Serene Highnefs, and (hall be paid and payable in eqnal Portions at the Four Days of Payment hereinbefore mentioned; the Firft Payment thereof to be made at fuch of the faid Days of Payment at (foul firft and next happen after theDeceafe of His laid Royal Highnefs the Duke of Kent, in cafe Her (aid Serene Highnefs dull furvive him as aforefaid $ and The W An-that the faid feveral Annuities (hall and may in and by fuch Letters Patent be dire&ed to be rtfpc&ivdy ifluing nod payable out of and VMDd

N %	chargeable	*

58° GEO- III.

A.D.1818-

At the Receipt of the Exchequer, without Fee.

Annuities clear of Taxes.

?6 G. j. c.j7.

The Rates on Fire Hearths, Windows, &c. repealed, except Arsears^&c.

C. 53, 54.

chargeable upon the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, (after paying orreferving (ufficient to pay-all fuch Sums as have been direfted to be paid out of the fame by any Aft or Afts of Parliament made previous to the time of palling this Aft,) but with preference to all other Payments which lhall or may at any time or times after the palling of this Aft be charged upon and payable out of the faid Fund.

II.	And be it further enafted. That the faid feveral Annuities, as the fame lhall take effeft, lhall be paid and payable during the Continuance of the fame refpeftively at the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wejlminjler ; and the Auditor of the faid Receipt lhall and he is hereby required by virtue of fuch Letters Patent refpec-tively to make forth and pafs Debentures from time to time for paying the laid feveral Annuities during the Continuance of the fame refpec-tively, and as the fame lhall become due and payable, without, any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any Part thereof; and the faid Debentures to be made forth and palled as aforefaid lhall be a fufficient Authority to the feveral and refpeftive Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being for the Payment of the faid feveral Annuities, as the fame lhall take effeft, according to the Direftions of this Aft, without any further ftr other Warrant to be fued for, had or obtained in that behalf.

III.	And be it further enafted, That the faid feveral Annuities, and every Part thereof refpeftively, lhall be free and clear from all Taxes, Rates and Affeffments, and all other Charges whatever, im* pofed or to be impofed by Authority of Parliament or other wife.

CAP. LIV.

An Aft to grant certain Rates, Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in refpeft of Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horfes, Carriages and Dogs, in lieu of former Rates, Duties and Taxes thereon ; and to provide for the Payment thereof to the Collectors of Excife ; and for the more effeftual accounting for the fame.	[ill	June 1818.]

4 TT7 HEREAS it is expedient to repeal the feveral Rates, Duties 4 VV and Taxes payable in Ireland in ifcfpeft of Fire Hearths, 4 Windows, Male Servants and other Male Perions, Carriages, Horfes 4 and Dogs, granted by an Aft of Parliament made in the Fifty fixth 4 Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled 4 An A8 to grant 4 certain Rates, Duties and Taxes in Ireland in refpeS of Fire Hearths, 4 Windows, Male Servants, Horfes, Carriages and Dogs, in lien of 4 former Rates, Duties and Taxes, and to provide for the more effectual 4 Collection of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, and to grant other 4 Rates, Duties and Taxes in lieu thereof, and to provide for the 4 regulating and fecuring the Collection of all fuch Rates, Duties 4 and Taxes;’ Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Maiefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, the feveral Rates, Duties and Taxes on Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants and other Male Perfons, Carriages, Horfes and Dogs, 13	granted

A.D.1818.

58<> GEO. III.

C. 54.

181

granted in and by the hereinbefore recited A (ft, and all Regulations and Directions contained in or made by the faid Alt. (hall ceafe and determine, and (hall be and the* fame are hereby repealed, except fo far as the laid Ad repeals any former Ad or Ads, and except alfo fo far as the faid recited Ad relates to the charging, recovering, levying, paying, allowing, repaying or accounting for any Rates, Duties and Taxes or Arrears thereof, due or incurred on or previous to the faid Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, fave as hereinafter otherwife is provided for the Payment and Collection*of the fame, and alfo except fo far as may concern or relate to the profecuting, fuing for and recovering of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture for any Offence again (I the faid Ad, or for any Offence again ft any Ad or Ads relating to the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, which fhaTl have been or (hall be committed on or before the faid Fifth Day of January One thoufand' eight hundred and eighteen, and except lo far as relates to any Suit of Proceeding which may havfc been commenced or inftituted, or (hall be commenced or inftituted at any time after the faid Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, and before the palling of this Ad, for or in refped of, or relating to any foeh Rates, Duties and Taxes; and which faid Suita or Proceedings * (hall and may be proceeded on to Judgment and Execution to all Intents and Purpofes as if the faid Ad had not been repealed and determined.

II.	And be it further ehaded, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, there (hall be levied, raifed, colleded, paid and fatisfied unto His Majefty, His HeirS and Succeffors, upon and in refped of the feveral Fire Hearths or other Places for Firing or Stoves, Windows or Lights, Male Servants or other Male Perforis, Horfes, Mares, Geldings, Carriages and Dogs fpecified, deferibed and contained in the feveral' Schedules marked A., B., C., D;, E., F., G., H. and I. refpedively to this Ad-annexed, the feveral Amounts, Sums of Money; Rates, Duties and Taxes as they are refpedively deferibed and fet forth in the faid refpedive Schedules; and that the faid feveral Schedules, and all and every the Rules, Regulations, Exceptions, Exemptions and Abatements therein refpedively fpecified and contained, (hail be deemed and taken to be a Part of this Ad to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever; and the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes (hall be in lieu and inftead and in full Satisfadion of all Rates, Duties and Taxes granted by any former Ad or Ads of Parliament upon and in refped of the like Articles, matters and things, except luch Rates, Duties and Taxes as have been impofed for certain local Purpofes in Ireland by any Ad or Ads of Parliament.

III.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That every Aftefbnent and Charge of the Rates, Duties and Taxes, in refped of Fire Hearths and other Firing Places or Stoves, and of Windows or Lights, Male Servants and other Male Perfons, Horfes, Mares, Geldings, Carriages and Dogs, or of any of them, which (hall have been made, and alfo every Ad or Ads which (hall have been done or performed by any Officer or other Perfon appointed by or ading under the Orders or Diredions of the Commiffionera of Inland Ex-cife. and Taxes in Ireland,* in relation to the fame, at any time finoe the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eight&n* and before the paffing of this Ad*, purfuant to the Regulations and

N 3	Provifions

The Duties fpecified in Schedules anr nexed to be paid.

AflefTments and Proceedings thereon, fince Jan. 5, 1818, to he valid.

Duties paid in British Currency, and carried to Con-foUdated Fund.

Officers may enter Houfes to •(certain the Number of Hearths and Windows.

If Admittance be not obtained. Officers to leave Notice of attending at a certain Day and Hour.

Refaflng' Admittance, after ftich Notice, Penalty aoL

Pxwvtfo if no Perfon aj'pears to receive Notice.

C. 54.	58°	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1818.

Provifions of the faid Ad hereinbefore recited and repealed, OnU be and the fame ia and are hereby declared to be good, valid and e&e&ual to all Intent* and Purpofes whatfoever.

IV.	And be it further enaded. That all Rates, Duties and Taxes by this Ad and the Several Schedules hereunto annexed,‘granted and made payable, (hall be paid and payable and received and receivable in Briti/b Currency; and that all and every the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, the necefiarv Charges of raifing and accounting for the Came being deduded, (hall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

V.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers, or other Perfon who now it or are or hereafter (hail be appointed by or ading under the Orders and Directions of the Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland* for the charging, a (Telling, colleding or fuperintending the charging, afieffing or Collection of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, at any time in the Day time between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon and Sunfet, to enter into any Houfer and into every Outhoufe, Office and Edifice appertaining or belonging thereto* and into the feveral Apartments and Places therein, and to take Information, from his own View and Survey, of the Number of Fire Hearths and other Places for Firing and Stoves therein, and alfo of the Number of Windows or Lights therein ; and fnch Houfe, Office or Edifice (hall be charged accordingly with the Rates, Duties and Taxes in refped of the Number of Fire Hearths and other Places for Firing or Stoves, and of Windows or Lights therein; and if any fucb Officer or Officers, or other Perfon authorised as afbrefaid, (hall not, on Demand of Entrance by knocking or otherwife, obtain Admittance into any fuch Houfe, Outnoufe, Office or Edifice, or after Admittance (hall not be fuffered to enter into all and every the Apartments and other Places therein refpe&ively, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Officer, or other Perfon authorized as aforefaid, and he is required to leave a Notice at fuch Houfe with any Perfon refident therein above the Age of Sixteen Years, Getting forth, that fuch Officer or other Perfon authorised as aforehud, wm attend at fuch-Houfe at a certain Day and Hour to be foecified in fuch Notice, fuch Hour to be within the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, and requiring to be admitted into fuch Houfe, Outhoufe, Office or Edififee, and into every Apartment and Place therein refpe&ively; and if fuch Officer or other Perfon authorised as aforefaid (hall not at the time mentioned in fuch Notice obtain Admittance into fuch Houfe, Outhoufe, Office or Edifice, and into every Apartment arid Place therein into which, he (hall require to be admitted, the Occupier of fuch Houfe, or the Perfon deemed the Occupier within the Provifions of this Ad, as the cafe may be, (hall for each Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds ; and if no Perfon (hall appear at fuch Houfe, Outhoufe, Office or Edifice, from whom fuch Officer or other Perfon as aforefaid can make Demand of Entrance, or on whom fuch Notice can be ferved, then fuch Officer or other Perfon is aforefaid (hall and he is required to poft fuch Notice as aforefaid on the Door of fuch Houfe, Outhoule, Office or Edifice; and if fuch Officer or other Perfba as aforefaid (hall not at the time mentioned is fuck Notice be admitted into fuch Houfe, Outhoufe, Office or Edifice, and into every Apartment end Place

therein,

58* GEO. III.

;i A.D. 1818.

C. 54.	18a

therein, then the Occupier or Perfbn deemed the Occupier thereof ® (hall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.	PenJty aol.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That the Occupier Admittance u>

J of every fuch Houfe, or any Perlon who fhall attend fuch Officer or any Apartment Kl	other Perfon authorized as aforefaid upon ftich Survey, may refufe to	(except the

a	permit fuch Officer or other Perfon to be admitted into any Room or	J^.h.en or

w	Apartment, except the fame be a Kitchen or a Room in an Outhoufe,	;S“f.

11	provided that fuch Occupier or Perfon who (hall fo attend (hall	Chjrge’for One

*	confent that the Tax in refped of One Fire Hearth and of Three	Hearth, and

Windows (hall be charged for fuch Room or Apartment, and in 2?1?* w“ldoWi

*•	fuch cafe every fuch Officer or other Perfon authorized as aforefaid J?

*	(hall accordingly charge fuch Houfe with the Tax for One Fire ccuP*r*

■ Hearth and Three Windows for every fuch Room or Apartment*

and no more, unlefe it (hall be ascertained by fuch Officer or other Si	Perfon authorized as aforefaid, without entering into fuch Room or

*	Apartment, that the fame contains a greater Number of Fire Hearths*

£	Firing Places or Stoves than One, or a greater Number of Windows

ii	or Lights than Three ; and fuch Tax (hall be paid. accordingly:

a	Provided always, that if it (Hall be ascertained by fuch Officer or other	But when it can

b	Perfon authorixed as aforefaid, without entering into fuch Room or	be afeertamed

I	Apartment, that the fame does not contain any Fire Hearth or Firing	without Entry,

i	Place or Stove, or contains any left Number of Windows or Lights	ChVg* .

S	than Three, every fuch Officer or other Perfon authorized as afore-	Number*

\i	faid (hall not charge fuch Houfe with the Tax for any Fire Hearth

1:	or Firing Place or Stove for any fuch Room or Apartment, nor with

s	any Tax for any greater Number of Windows than (hall be adually

:	contained in any fuch Room or Apartment, as the cafe may require..

t VII. Provided always, and be it enacted. That where any Houfe Owner of r or any Part thereof is or (hall be let in different Apartments to any Houfe let in t Perfon or Perfons, the Owner of fuch Houfe fo letting the fame, or	Apa«-

k for whofe Benefit fuch Letting is made, (hall be deemed the Occupier ”^^-c*cmc t	thereof, and (hall be charged with and be liable to pay the Rates, ™

*	Duties and Taxes in refpe& of the Fire Hearths and Stoves or other,

r;	Fire Places, and of the Windows or Lights in fuch Houfe, with every

1 Outhoufe, Office or Edifice appertaining thereto*.

1	VIII.	And	be	it	further	ena&ed,	That the Rates* Duties and: Rates may be

1	Taxes on Fire Hearths, Firing Places and Stoves, and on Windows	levied on Goods

t	or Lights, (hall be charged on and payable by the Occupiers of	°f Occupier.

(	fuch Houfes refpe&ively, or the Perfons baring the Right to occupy

t	the fame refpe&ivehr, and (hall and may be levied at any time by

1	Diftreft and Sale ot the Goods and Chattels of fuch Occupier or

1	Perfon having the Right aforefaid, during whofe Occupancy or Right

1	thereto, fuch Rates, Duties or Taxes (hall have been or (hall be in-

I	curred 3 and that any Amur of fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes,, not

exceeding One Year’s Amount, exclufive of the Rates, Duties and '

Taxes of the current Year in which a Diftreft (hall be made, and no more, (hall and may be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any fubfeouent Occupier of fuch Houfes

IX.	And be it furtner ena&ed. That the Rates, Duties and Taxes Rates to be in refpe& of Fire Hearths or other Fire Places and Stoves, and Win- chained for the do we or Lights, (had be charged Yearly and every Year for the whole ^hMambl Year, commencing on the Sixth Day of January, for fuch Number of Hearths and Fare Hearths, or other Fire Places and Stoves, and Windows or windows os Lights* as (hall on the Sixth Day of January in any fuch Year be in fall be in the

£	any	Houfe on the

d

184

C. 54.

58» GEO. HI.

AJX' 1819.

6th January,

and all additional ones.

Evading Rate, by (lopping up Fire Places or Windows. Penalty iol.

What (hall be deemed a (lopping up of Fire Place* or Windows.

Notice to be affixed on the Church Doors* Acc. of every Parifh, requiring Perlons to deliver an Account of the Carriages, Servants, and . Horfes, 8tc. kept by them.

any Houfe, or in any fuch Outhoufe, Office or Edifice appertaining' or belonging thereto, and alfo for any and every additional Fire Hearth or other Place for Firing, or Stove, and Window or Light, which at any time after the Sixth Day of January, in any fuch Year (hall be in or he made or opened in any fuch Houfe, or in any fuch Outhoufe, Office or Edifice; and if any Perfon at any time after the Fifth Day of January in any fuch Year, and in order to evade the Payment of the Duty with which the fame are chargeable by Law, fhall Hop up or in any manner cover or conceal any Hearth, Fire Place or Stove, or any Window or Light, chargeable with the faid Rate, Duty or Tax* every fuch Perfon (hall forfeit and pay* Ten Pounds, and fhall he charged and afleffed for the like Duty or Tax as if fuch Hearth or Window had not been Hopped: Provided always, that the Hopping up, covering or concealing any Hearth, Fire Place or Stove, or any Window or Light, (hall in every Cafe be deemed to have taken place after fuch Sixth Day of January, unleb the contrary (hall he proved by the Party who fhall he fued for fuch Penalty and Forfeiture.

X.	And be it further ena&ed. That no Hearth, Fire Place, Stove, Window or Light fhall he deemed to be Hopped up, fo as to be dif-charged from the Rates and Duties payable on the fame from and after the Fifth Day of January next enfuing the time of fuch Hopping up, unlefs fuch Hearth, Fire Place or Stove he built up with Stones or Bricks and Mortar made with Lime, fo as thereby to he wholly unfit for Ufe, or fuch Window or Light be wholly Hopped up with the like Materials as the Wall or Roof adjoining thereto refpedively is compofed of.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for every fuch Officer or other Perfon authorized as aforefaid, and fuch Officer or other Perfon fo authorized (hall and is hereby required, once in every Year, or oftener if neceflary, between the Fifth Day of January and the Fifth Day of July in every Year, to affix or caufe to be affixed to the Doors of the Church or Chapel, or Market Houfe, or Public School Houfe (if any fuch there (hall be) of every Pari(h or Place within the refpe&ive Walks or Divifions of fuch Officer or other Perfon authorized as aforefaid, or in fuch of the Parifhes or Places as (hall be prescribed and dire&ed by the (aid Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Three of them, and if any Parifh or Place (hall not have a Church or Chapel, Market Houfe or Public School Houfe, then on the Doors of the Church or Chapel or Market Houfe of the neareH or adjoining Parifh, a general Notice* figned by fuch Officer or other Perfon in Tuch Form as (hall have been or (hall be direded by the faid Commiffioners, or any Three of them, requiring that every Perfon redding in the (aid Pariffi or Place liable to the faid Rates, Duties or Taxes, or any of them, (hall make out and deliver an Account of every Hearth, Firing Place or Stove, and Windows or Lights, Carriage, Servant or other Male Perfon, Horfe, Mare or Gelding, and Dog, had, kept, ufed, retained or employed by fuch Perfon at any time after the Fifth Day of January next preceding the Date of fuch Notice, dire&ed to or for the faid Officer, or to or for the faid Perfon authorized as aforefaid, at fame Houfe or Place to be fpecified in fuch Notice, within. Twenty one Days next after the Date of fuch Notice; and fuch general Notice (hall from time to time when the fame (hall be affixed be deemed a

Requifition

A. D. 1818.

58° GEO. Ill

C. 54.

185

c Rcauifition or Demand upon every Perfon within fuch Parifh or Place to deliver fuch Account within the faid Space of Twenty one Days accordingly; and if any Perfon in fuch Parifh or Place (hall neglect or refufe to make out and deliver fuch Account at the Houle or Place mentioned in fuch Notice, dire&ed in manner ^aforefaid, within the faid Space of Twenty one Days, or (hall make or deliver any undue or falfe Account, every fuch Perfon (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of T wenty Pounds ; and every Perfon (hall be liable' to fuch Penalty for not complying with fuch general Notice, whether any particular Notice requiring any fuch Account (hall have beeir delivered or left to or for fuch Perfon or not; and any Perfon who (hall wilfully tear, deface or obliterate any fuch' Notice fo affixed, (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds,' nor lefs than Five Pounds, at the Difcretion of the Court or Juftice before whom (uch Perfon (hall be convi&ed of fuch Offence.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further ena£ted, That whether fuch general Notice (hall be given and affixed or not as aforefaid, fuch Officer or Perfon authorized as aforefaid (hall give to every Perfon in his Walk, Divifion or Diftrift, liable or fuppofed to be liable to the Rates, Duties and Taxes on Hearths, Fire Places or Stoves, Windows or Lights, or any Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Perfon, Horfe, Mare, Gelding and Dog, or any of them, and (hall leave or caufe to be left at the laft or ufual Place of Abode of fuch Perfon a particular Notice, requiring fuch PerfoiMo deliver fuch Account, and fuch Perfon (hall and is hereby required to deliver the fame within ^Ten Days next after fuch Notice (hall be given or left as aforefaid ; and if any Perfon (hall make Default in delivering fuch Account within fuch Ten Days, or (hall make or deliver any undue or falfe Account, every fucb Perfon for every fuch Offence* (hall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and every fuch Perfom (hall be liable to the faid Penalties for not complying with fuch Notice,* whether any fuch general Notice as aforefaid (hall have been given or affixed as aforefaid or not: Provided always, that any Perion. who (hall deliver fuch Account as (hall be required by fuch general Notice (hall not be bound to deliver fuch Account as (hall be required by any particular Notice, nor (hall be fubje& to any Penalty for not complying with the fame; and any Perfon who (hall deliver any fuch Account as (hall be required by any particular Notice (hall not be. bound to deliver fuch Account as (hall be required by any general Notice, nor (hall be fubje& to any Penalty for not complying with any general Notice.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That every Perfon in Ireland occupying or having the Right to occupy any Houfe in which, with any Outhoufe, Office or Edifice appertaining or belonging thereto/ there (hall be at any time after the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, or after the Fifth Day of January in any fubfequent Year, Four or more Hearths or Places for Firing or Stoves, or Seven or more Windows or Lights, and that every Perfon in Ireland having, keeping, ufing, retaining or employing, or having had, kept, ufed, retained or employed, after the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, or after the Fifth Day of January in any fubfeqpent Year, any Carriage witb Four Wheels, or any Carriage with lefs than Four Wheels, of any Male Servant or other Male rerfon, or any Horfe, Mare or Gelding,*

or

Neglefling to deliver fucli Account.

Penalty lot.

Defacing Notice Penalty ac 1.

Notice to be ’ **"

left at Dwelling ' Houfes, whether general Notice is affixed or not.

Default in not giving Account, or giving falfe Account. Penalty aol.

Provifo for Per-fona delivering Accounts on general and particular Notices.

Perfons keeping Houfes with Four or more Healths and Seven or more Windows, and’ alfo Carriages, Servants, Horfes and Dogs, to deliver an Account thereof, when required.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

What Partial-Ixrt fuch Ac. count is to con* tain in the fever*! cafes herein fpecificd.

or any Dog, upon or in refped of whom or which any Rato, Duty or Tax is or may be chargeable by Law, (hall from time to time, upon Demand made by the proper Officer or any other Perfon an* thorized thereto, or within Ten Days next after a Notice (hall be ferved or left at the ufual Place or Refidence of fuch Perfon re* fpe&ively, deliver to fuch Officer or Perfon fo authorized, or at fuch Place as (hall be mentioned in fuch Notice, a true Account m Writing, under his or her Hand, of every Hearth or Place for Firing or Stove, or Window or Light, in any fuch Houfe, Outhoufe, Office or Edifice, and of every fuch Carriage, and of every fuch Male Servaqt or other Male Perfon, and of every fuch Horde, Mare and Gelding, and of every fnch Dog, which any fuch Perfon fhall or may have had, kept, ufed, retained or employed, or fhall or may have, keep, ufe, retain or employ, at any time after the faid Fifth Day of January One thoufan4 eight hundred and eighteen, or at any rime after the Fifth Day of January in any fubfeqoent Tear; and which (aid Account (hall contain the Name and Surname of fuch Perfon, the Name of his or her Refidence or Place of Abode at the time of delivering fuch Account, and of the Place, Pari(h, Barony, City, Town and County, as the Cafe may be, in which fuch Refidence is fituate, and the mated Number of Fire Hearths or Places for Firing or Stoves, and of Windows or Lights refpe&ively, which were in hit or her Houfe, with every fuch Outhoufe, Office or Edifice appertaining or belonging thereto, on the Sixth Day of January then next preceding the Delivery of fuch Account, or between toe faid Day and the time of delivering the faid Account, and (hall fet forth the whole Number of Carriages, Male Servants or other Male Perfons, Horfes, Mares, Geldings and Dogs, kept or ufed, retained or employed by fuch Perfon at his or her faid Refidence, or at any other Place Or Places in Ireland\ in order that fuch Perfon may be charged for the fame according to the Rate chargeable on the greateft Number kept or ufed, retained or employed in the whole, and (hall alfo, if fuch Perfon (hall fo keep, ufe', retain or employ any Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Perfon, Horfe, Mare or Gelding or Dog, in more Places than One in Ireland as aforefaid, fet forth in what Place fuch Perfon defires to be fo charged, and the Excife Diftri& in which fuch Perfon intends to par for the fame * and every Account by this A£t required (hall fet forth the Defcription of every fuch Carriage and the Name and Surname of every fuch Servant or other Male Perfon, and the Capacity in which fuch Servant or other Male Perfon was, is or (hall be or (hall have been retained or employed, and the Kind and Defcription of every fuch Dog, and the Ufn and Purpofes for which every fuch Horle, Mare or Gelding was or is or mall be kept or ufed $ and fuch Account (hall alfo fpecify the Places, and the Pari(h, Barony, County, Town or City in which fuch Places (hall be fituate, where each fuch Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Perfon, Horle, Mare, Gelding or Dog, (hall be a£ the time of the Delivery of fuch Account; and from time to time, as often as any Perfon (hall begin to keep or have any Carriage, or to retain or to employ any Maw Servant or other Male Perfon, or to keep or ufe any Horfe, Mare or Gelding or Dog, and alfo from time to time as often at any additional Hearu, Fire Place, Stove or Window or Light, (hall be made or opened or reftored, and alfo from time to time as often as any Perfon (hall keep or have any additional

Carriage,

58- GEO. IU

C. 54,

187

Carnage, or (hall retain or employ any additional Servant or other Male Perfon, or (hall keep or ufc any additional Horfe, Mare car Gelding of any additional Dog, beyond the Number of the fame refpedively exprefled in any fuch refpe&ive Account fo delivered by fuch Perfon, then and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Perfon refpedively, whether any Demand (nail have been made or any Notice (erved on fuch Perfon or not, (hall within Fourteen Days neat after fuch additional Hearth, Fire Place or Stove or Window or Light,

(hall be made or opened or reftored, or fuch Carriage or additional Carriage (hall be kept or come into the Poffeffion of fuch Perfon, or after any Male Servant or other Male Perfon, or additional Male Servant or other Male Perfon, (hall be retained or employed, or any Horfe, Mare dr Gelding or Dog, or additional Horfe, Mare or Gelding or Dog, (hall be kept or ufed by fuch Peribn, deliver at the Excife Office of the Diftrid a like Account of every fuch Hearth,

Fire Place and Stove, and Window or Light, and of every fuch Carriage, Servant or other Male Peribn, Horfe, Mare or Gelding or Dog, and of every fuch additional Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Perfon, Hone, Mare or Gelding or Dog, as the Cafe may be.

XIV.	And be it further raided, That it any fuch Perfon (hall Neglcdinf, fcr. aegkd or refafe to deliver, within.the refpe&ive times and in manner *° deliver furh required by this Ad, any fuch Account as is by this Ad before £eHv«ri** required, or (hall make or deliver any folds Account .of the Matters Account, and things required by this Ad or any of them; or if at any time *c.

any fuch Perfon (hall have or keep any greater Number of Hearths,

Fire Places or Stoves or Windows or Lights, or (hall have or keep, retain or employ or ude any greater Number of Carriages or Servants or other Male Perfons, or Hordes, Mares or Geldings orgDogs, being refpedively liable to Duty, than (kail be expreffed*and mentioned in any Account delivered by or on behalf of fora Peribn, or (hall keep, retain, employ or ufe any Carriage, Servant, Male Perfon, Horn*

Mare or Gelding or Dog, refpedively liable to Duty, not expreffed

or mentioned in inch Account, every fuch Perfon (hall for every fuch Psnsky soI

Ofience forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds ; and if at any time any What (hall bo

greater Number of Hearths, Fire Places or Stoves or Windows or Evkkncoof

Lights (hall be difeovered in any Houfe or in any Outhoufe, Office ***** Account.

or Edifice, appertaining or belonging thereto, than the Numbers

refpedively expreffed in fuch Account, fuch Difcovery (hall be taken

and received as fofficirat Proof of a folds Account, unlefs due Proof

be made by fuch Perfon that the Hearth, Fire Place or Stove, Wim.

dow or Light, or Hearths, Fire Places or Stoves or Windows or

Lights, fo exceeding, had been made or opened within Fourteen Days

next previous to fuch Difcovery ; and if any Periba (ball negled or

refofe to fet forth any of fuch Particulars as is hereby required in foch

Account, fuch Perfon (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of

Twenty Pounds.	Peosky sol

XV.	And be it further enaded. That every Perfon required to Grow* ergs-make or deliver any Account under the Provifions of this Ad, and ^l****"? churning to be within any of the Exemptions allowed by Law from

any of the fold Rates, Duties and Taxes, or claiming to be entitled anDCXCd to to any Abatement of the fame, liall make a due Return of fuch Account. Claim, and declare the Caufo or Grounds of fuch Exemption or Abatement, and foch Declaration (hall be Specified in or annexed to the Account to be by foch Perfon delivered | rad if any Difoete or Om» Proton*

Difference mPwfen

C. 54.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

188

chiming Ex-enpcion.

leribnsonwhom Notice ferved, keeping no Carriages, &c. to Hgn a Declaration that they co not.

Penalty aol.

'n cafe of Absence of Perfona iable, their Agents or Servants may make uid deliver Accounts.

Such Account being falfe binding on the Principal.

Owners of Houfes to give In Account of

Difference (hall in any Inftance arife, whether the Perfon be entitled to fuch Exemption or Abatement the Proof thereof, and of the Circumftances of fuch Exemption or Abatement, fhall lie on the Perfon claiming fuch Exemption or Abatement, and not on the Officer charging or affeffing fuch Rates and Taxes.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it eqa&ed, That if any Perfon upon whom any fuch Notice fhall be ferved to return any Account of Carriages, Male Servants or other Male Perfons, Horfea, Mares, Geldings and Dogs, or any of them, fhall not, on the Sixth Day of January preceding the ferving of fuch Notice, have had, kept, retained, ufed or employed any Carriage or any Male Servant or other Male Perfon, or any Horfe, Mare or Gelding or any Do*?, or fhall not between that Day and the time of the Service of fuch Notice have had, kept, retained, ufed or employed any Carriage or any Male Servant or other Male Perfon, or any Horfe, Mare or Gelding or any Dog, every fuch Perfon fhall ueverthelefs make and deliver at fuch Place as (hall be mentioned in fuch Notice, a Declaration in Writing fubfcribed by - fuch Perfon, fetting forth that fuch Perfon had not on the Sixth Day of January preceding the Service of fuch Notice, nor at any time between the (aid Day and the time of the Service of fuch Notice, had, kept,* retained, ufed or employed any Carriage or any Male Servant or other Male Perfon, or any Horfe, Mare .or Gelding or any Dog; and if any fuch Perfon fhall negle& or omit to make and deliver fuch Declaration within Ten Days next after the Service of fuch Notice, every fuch Perfon (hall for every fuch Negledt or Omiffion forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Perfon occupying or owning any Houfe fubje&to any Rate, Duty or Tax, in refpe& of Fire Hearths, Fire Places or Stoves or Windows or Lights, or having, keeping, ufing, retaining or employing any Carnage, or any Male Servant or other Male Perfon, or any Horfe, Mare, Gelding, or any Dog, upon or in refpe6t of which any Rate, Duty or Tax is or may be payable as aforeiaid, fhall be abfent from the Place of his or her Abode at the time of the Service or affixing of fuch Notice requiring fuch Account as aforefaid, then an Account of the Fire Hearths and Windows in any Houfe belonging to fuch Perfon, and of any and every Carriage or Male Servant or other Male Perfon, or Horfe, Mare,. or Gelding or Dog, had, kept, ufed, retained or employed by fuch Perfon, made out aud fubfcribed by the Agent, Steward, Houfekeeper or Servant of fnch Perfon fo abfent, and delivered as aforefaid, fhall be to all Intents and Purpofes of the fame Effect as if fuch Account were made out and fubfcribed and delivered by the Perfon owning or occupying fuch Houfe, or having, keeping, ufing,. retaining or employing any fuch Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Penon, Horfe, Mare, Gelding or Dog refpetf-ively, as the cafe may be; and in cafe fuch Account fhall be a falfe Account, the fame fhall fubje&fuch Occupier, Owner or Perfon having, keeping, ufing, retaining or employing fuch Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Perfon, Horfe, Mare, Gelding or Dog refpcd-ivcly, to the like Payments and Penalties as if the fame had been made and fubfcribed by any fuch Perfon refpe&ively.

XVIII.	And Whereas Difficulties may arife in difcovering Lodgers or Inmates liable to pay the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes iiL mpe& of Carriages, Male Servants and other Male Perfona,

Horfes,

A.D. 1818.

58" GEO. III.

C. 54.

189

tl

i Hdrfes, Mares, Geldings and Dogs ; Be it therefore enafted, That the Carriages,

?•: every Perfon in whofe Houfe any Lodger or Inmate (hall refide, &c. kept by (hall deliver to any fuch Officer or other Perfon authorized as afore- dodgers, faid, on Demand, or within Ten Days after Notice in Writing (hall be for that Purpofe ferved or left at the Houfe of fuch Perfon, a true ,j Account in Writing under the Hand of fuch Perfon, expreffing the Name and Surname of every fuch Lodger or Inmate, with an Account

■ of every Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Perfon, Horfe, Mare,

L Gelding or Dog, kept, retained, employed or ufed by fuch Lodger

*	or Inmate, to the bed of the Knowledge and Information of fuch

Perfon; and for the Purpofe of making out fuch Account, every fuch Notice to be Perfon (hall caufe the Contents of the Notice left at fuch Houfe to made known to* r be read over and made known to each and every fuch Lodger or Lodgers.

U Inmate, and (hall require every fuch Lodger or Inmate refpeftively to declare whether fuch Lodger or Inmate had kept, retained, em-; ployed or ufed, on the Sixth Day of January preceding fuch Notice,

. or at any time after the faid Sixth Day of Januaryy any Carriage,

| Male Servant or other Male Perfon, Horfe, Mare, Gelding or Dog,

; and the Number and Kind or Defcription of the fame refpeftively,

^ and whether fuch Lodger or Inmate hath another Place of ordinary k Refidence where’ he or (he intends to be charged; and every fuch Who on being Lodger or Inmate, being thereunto required, (hall be obliged to make required on to fuch Declaration, and to atteft the Lift or Account thereof by his or ™ake ^ her Signature ; and if any fuch Perfon, in whofe Houfe fuch Lodger	**n

■	or Inmate (hall refide, (hall negleft or refufe to require fuch De- * claration from fuch Lodger or Inmate, or to deliver fuch Account

a & aforefaid in confequence of fuch Declaration, or (hall wilfully omit

*	or mifreprefent any Declaration made by fuch Lodger or Inmate, or

*	(hall make or deliver any untrue Account thereof, or if any fuch Lodger or Inmate (hall negleft or refufe to make fuch Declaration,

; or to atteft the faid Account, or (hall make any untrue Declaration or* atteft any untrue Account, every fuch Perfon and every fuch Lodger or Inmate (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Penalty sol.

\ Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That no fuch Officer or other Officers not

* Perfon authorized as aforefaid, (hall be bound by any Account which ,mund by iny 5 (hall be delivered to them refpeftively, by or on behalf of any Perfon Acco?“V!*!1* liable to any Duties granted by this Aft ; but fuch Officer or other proves^deftaive. Perfon (hall be and is hereby authorized and required, if he (hall V find upon due Examination that any Perfon, Defcription, Article, matter or thing, which ought to be contained in fuch Account, is or are omitted or untruly dated therein, to make a true Affeffment upon every fuch Perfon, according to the Intent and meaning of this Aft, of the-real Charge which ought to be irapofed on fuch Perfon.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon (hall neglect How Officers or refufe to make out, (ign and deliver any fuch Account as is in this ^lS-intk# Aft directed, within the refpeftive times in this Aft mentioned, then where^ccounts .the Officer or other Perfon authorized as aforefaid (hall, according are negle$e<l to •to the Affeffment (if any) made on fuch Perfon for the Year next be delivered, immediately preceding, or from the bed Information he can obtain,

make an Affeffment or Charge upon fuch Perfon of the faid Rates and Taxes, for ^nd in refpf ft of the Hearths, Fire-Places or Stove9,

Windows or Lights, in the Houfe of fuch Perfon, with every fuch

Outhoufe,

C« 54#

58® GEO. UL

A. 1X1818.

After flopping up Hearths, &c. Notice to be given at the Eacife Office, within 20 Days.

The like on cetfing to keep any Servant, Carriage, Horfe 5rc.

Outhoufe, Office or Edifice appertaining or belonging thereto as aforefaid, and for and in refpeft of every Male Servant or other Male Perfon, Carriage, Horfe, Mare, Gelding or Dog, kept, ufed, retained or employed by him or her as aforefaid, as the cafe may be; and every fuch A fie Ament and Charge fo made upon any fuch Negled or Refulal fhall be final and conelufive, unlefs appealed from as hereinafter provided.

XXI.	And be it further ena&ed, That whenever any Perfon fliafi, at any time after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after the paffing of this Adi, ilop up any Hearth, Firing Place, or Stove or Window or Light, in refpedt of which fuch Perfon (ball be charged or chargeable with any Rate, Duty or Tax, every fuch Perfee (hall, within Twenty Days next after any fuch Hearth, Firing Place, or Stove or Window or. Light, fhall be flopped up, deliver orcaafe to be delivered at the Excife Office of the Diftridt in which fuck Perfon fhall refide, or to any Officer who fhall be employed ta charging or aflefling the faid Rates, Duties or Taxes withia the Difkridt in which fuch Perfon fhall refide, a Notice in Writing, figned with the Name of fuch Perfon, of the flopping of the fame, Rating the time of the (lopping thereof, and aeferibing the Place, whether Dwelling Houfe, Outhoufe, Office or other Edifice in which fuch Hearth, Firing Place or Stove, or Window or Light had been fitn-ated; and every Perfon who, at any time after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after the paffing of this Adi, fhall ceafie to retain or employ, have, keep or ufe, any Male Servant or other ’ Male Perfon, or any Carriage, Horfe, Mare, Gelding or Dog, for or in refpcdl of whom or of which any Rate, Duty or Tax is or fhall be charged or chargeable on fuch Perfon, and fhall not retaio or employ, have, keep or ufe any other Male Servant or other Male Perfon, or any other Carriage, or any other Horfe, Mare or Gelding, or any other Dog, liable to Duty in the Place or Stead of fuch Male Servant or other Male Perfon, Carriage, Horfe, Mare, Gelding or Dog, which fuch Perfon fhall have fo ceafed to retain, employ, have, keep or ufe, every fuch Perfon fhall, within Twenty Days next after he or fhe fhall ceafe to retain or employ, have, keep or ufe, fuch Male Servant or other Male Perfon, Carriage, Horn, Mare, Gelding or Dog, deliver or caufe to be delivered a like Notioe thereof in Writing at the Excife Office of the Diftridt in which fuch Perfon fhall refide, or to fuch Officer who fhall be employed as aforefaid, deferibing in every fuch Notice every fuch Male Servant or other Male Perfon by his proper Name, and the Capacity in which fuch Male Servant or other Male Perfon fhall have been retained or employed, and the time when fuch Male Servant or other Male Perfoa had ceafed to be fo retained or employed, and alfo deferibing every fuch Carriage by its ufual Name and Description, difiinguifhmg the Number of Bodies ufed with each fuch Carriage, and of the Wheels belonging to each fuch Carriage, and if left than Four Wheels, the Number of Horfes ufed in drawing the ftme, and alfo deferibing the Ufes and Purpofes for which every fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding fhall have been kept or ufed, and fetting forth the Kind or Defcriptiou of every fuch Dog ; and every fuch Notice fhall alfo let forth the Name, Addition and Place of Abode of the Perfon to whom fuch Carriage, Horfe, Mire, Gelding or Dog fhall be parted with, fold

or

I A.D.1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. 54.

191

h

-2

n

[:

a

c

K

t

C

ic

a

5

«

i

kl

r

c

6

4

c

1

4

1

<

*

I

i

\

f

<

f

i

?

i

or difpofed of, and the Dar of the Month and Year when the f«"*» were refpe&ively parted with, fold or difpofed of.

XXII. And be it further ena&ed, That in every cafe where any Perfon fhall in the|Year beginning the Sixth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred ana eighteen, or in any fubfequent Year beginning on the Sixth Day of January, omit or negle& to deliver or caufe to be delivered any Account which fuch Perfon is by this A€t required to deliver, of Hearths, Firing Places and Stoves, wm-dows or Lights, and of Male Servants or otner Male Perfoni, Horfes, Mares, Geldings or Dors, had, kept, ufed, retained or employed by fuch Perfon, and fhall alfo have negle&ed to deliver or caufe to be delivered, purfuant to this A61, any Notice of the flopping up of any Hearth, Firing Place or Stove, or Window or Lignt, or of the ceafxng to retain or employ, have, keep or ufe, any Male Servant or other Male Perfon, or any Carriage, Horfe, Mare or Gelding or Dog, then and in fuch cafe every fuch Perfon (hall be deemed to continue to have, keep, ufe, retain or employ, after the Fifth Day of January in any fuch Year, a Number of Fire Hearths, Firing Places and Stoves, Windows and Lights, Male Servants or other Male Perfons, Carriages, Horfes, Mares, Geldings or Dogs, as the cafe may be, at lead equal to the Number of the fame refpeftively charged- or afleffed again ft fuch Perfon for the Year in which the lad previous Afleflment nad been made againd fuch Perfon; and every fuch Perfon fo making Default (hall be chargeable and charged at the lead with fuch Sum as the Rates, Duties and Taxes payame for the Year in which fuch Account and Notice (hall not have been delivered would have amounted unto in..refpe£l of the Number of Fire Hearths, Firing Places or Stoves, Windows or Lights, Carriages, Male Servants or other Male Perfons, Horfes, Mares, Geldings and Dogs refpe&ively appearing to have been charged as aforefaid for the Year in which fuch lad Afleffment (hall have been made againd fuch Perfon, and every fuch Perfon (hall be liable to and (hall pay the fame, and it (hau and may be lawful to colle£l, levy and recover the fame in the like manner and with the like Powers, Authorities, Remedies and Modes of Recovery thereof, as ace provided by this A61 for the colle&ing, levying and recovering any Rate, Duty or Tax under this A6t.

XXIII. And be it further ena6led. That every Officer or Perfon authorized as aforefaid, who (hall charge or aflefs the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, (hall, and fuch Officer or Perfon is hereby required, upon making any Afleffment, or as foon after as conveniently can be done, to give or caufe to be given to every Perfon who (hall be fo aflffled, or leave or caufe to be left at his or her lad or ufual Place of Abode, in the DidriA where fuch Afleflment (hall be made, a Notice of the Afleflment made againd fuch Perfon, and of the Amount for which he or (he (hall have been charged by virtue thereof; and every fuch Notice (ball alfo fet forth the time when, and Place where tne Rates, Duties and Taxes fo aflefled againd fuch Perfon (hall be paid and received, and (hall require fuch Perfon to pay the fame at fuen time and Place accordingly; and every fuch Notice fhall be deemed and taken to be a fufficient Demand on fuch Perfon for Payment of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, unlefs an Appeal againd the Afleflment of the fame (hall be made within the rime and in the manner preferibed by this A6t: Provided always neverthelefs.

Where Perfons omit to deliver fuch Accounts, or to pvt Notice of (lopping up, or ceafingto retain , they (hail be charged for the Year in which the previous Afleflment had been made, Jtc.

Officers to give Notice of AffefT* ments, fetting forth the time and Place of Payment.

Such Notice a fufficient Demand of Rates unlefs Appeal.

Place of Payment not to be

C. 54.

58° GEO. Ill

A.D. 1818.

more than Ten Miles.

Regulations for Payment within Five Miles where pra&ic-able.

If exceeding a greater Diftance, Rates (hall be colle&ed at the Dwelling Houfe.

If Payment then made,no liability to is. in the Pound or Ex-pences.

In Default of

Payment,

Diftrefs.

Officers may furcharge ou Notice.

that no Perfon (hall be compelled or compellable to travel for the making of fuch Payment of the faid Rates and Taxes or any of them, any further or greater Diftance than Ten Miles from the Place of hit or her Refidence or ufual Place of Abode.

XXIV.	Provided always and be it enaCted, That it (hall be lawful for the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes and they are hereby required, to make fuch Rules and Regulations with refped to the Appointment of any Place for the Receipt of fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes, that no Perfon ftiall have Occafion to travel more than Five Miles from their Place of Abode, in all cafes where it is practicable fo to do.

XXV.	Provided alfo, and he it further ena&ed, That in cafe it (hall happen in any lnftance that no Place within the Diftance of Ten Miles or Five Miles of the Refidence of any Perfon or Perfons liable to the Payment of any of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes (hall be appointed, at which the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes (hall he made payable by fuch Perfon or Perfons purfuant to the Directions of this A6t, then and in fuck Cafe it ftiall be lawful for the Collector or Officer in charge of the Collection of the DiftriCt, or for any Perfon appointed by fuch Collector or Officer refpeCtively, at any time after any fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes (hall be afiefted upon any fuch Perfon or Perfons, to demand the Payment of the faid Rates, Duties aud Taxes, or any of them, or any Inftalment thereof, at the Dwelling Houfe of any fuch Perfon or Perfons liable to the Payment thereof j and if fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall thereupon pay all fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, or fuch Inftalment thereof as (hall be fo demanded of him, her or them, fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall not he liable to the Payment of the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, nor (hall be liable to any other Expences whatever relating to the fame; but in cafe of Refufal or Default in Payment of fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes upon fuch Demand, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid ColleClor or Officer in charge of the DiftriCt, or for any Perfon authorized by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Collector or other Officer, to levy all fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, or any Inftalment thereof, as (hall be fo demanded, together with all Expences of levying the fame by Diftrefs and Sale of any Goods or Chattels liable to fuch Diftrefs, in like manner in all refpeCts as is by this ACt directed in cafe of Default of Payment at any Place or Places to be appointed for that Purpofe.

XXVI.	And be it further enaCted, That it[(halland maybe lawful for every Officer or other Perfon authorized as aforefaid, to furcharge any Perfon with the Rates, Duties and Taxes by this ACt granted, or any of them, beyond the Rates, Duties and Taxes or any of them, with which fuch Perfon (hall have been previoully charged; and fuch Officer or other Perfon (hall give or caufe to be given to the Party furcharged a Notice of fuch Surcharge, by leaving or caufing fuch Notice to he left at the ufual Place of Abode of (uch Party in the DiftriCt where fuch Surcharge (hall he made; fuch Notice to be figned by fuch Officer or other Perfon who (hall have made fuch Surcharge, and to contain the Particulars of fuch Surcharge, and the Amount thereof; and every fuch Officer or other Perfon authorized as aforefaid is hereby empowered to make any fuch Surcharge, at any time during the Year, for the whole of fuch Year.

XXVII. And

A.D. Isis.

58° GEO. III.

C. 54.

193

XXVII. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon (hall think himfelf or herfelf overrated or overcharged by any AfTefTment or by any Surcharge which (hall be made again ft fuch Perfon of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes or any of them, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch Perfons refpeftively, within Ten Days next after Notice of fuch AfTefTment or Surcharge (as the Cafe may be} fhall be delivered to fuch Perfon, or left at his or her ufual Place of Abode, to make his or her Appeal to the Commidioners of Inland Exci(e and Taxes in Ireland\ by tearing or caufing to be left, within the time aforefaid, at the Office of the Colleftor of the Di drift in which fuch Perfon fhall be aflefTed or furcharged, a Notice in Writing under his or her Hand, fetting forth the Particulars in which the Party appearing thinks himfel? or herfelf overrated or overcharged by fuch Aflefl-ment or Surcharge, and alfo the Grounds of his or her Objeftion to the fame; and every fuch Colleftor, or other Officer in Charge of the Colleftion of fuch Diftrift, is hereby required to indorte 6n every fuch Notice of Appeal the Day of the Month and Year when the lame fhall be received at the Excite Office, and fhall alfo make or caufe to be made an Entry in a Book to be kept for that Purpofc, of all fuch Notices ; and fuch Colleftor or other Officer aforefaid fhall without Delay tranfmit all fuch Notices to the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland; and every AfTefTment or Surcharge againft which no fuch Appeal fhall be made within the time aforefaid, fhall be and the fame is- hereby refpeftively declared to be .final and conciufive agaiuft the Party fo aflefTed or furcharged, unlefs fuch Perfon fhall make due Proof on Oath, or if a Quaker an Affirmation, in Subftance or to the Efteft following; that he or fhe was not at his or her Dwelling Houfe or Place of Abode at the time of the Delivery of fuch Notice of fuch AfTefTment or Surcharge as the Cafe may be, nor between that Day and the time limited for making his or her Appeal, and that he or me hath not received or had any Knowledge of any fuch Notice of fuch Afleffment or Surcharge, or that he or fhe was difabled by Sicknefs from making his or her Appeal, or that the Non Delivery of his or her Notice of Appeal was occasioned by fome Miftake or Accident, which fhall be Specified and fet forth, without any Intention to defraud the - Revenue; and that the Account delivered by him or her is a full, perfeft and complete Account of all Matters and things required of him or her by this Aft, to the beft of his or her Judgment and belief; or unlels fuch Perfon fhall prove fuch other Excufe for not haying delivered fuch Notice of Appeal within, the time herein limited, as the faid Commiffioners or any Three of them fhall think reafonable and fuffi-cieot; and thereupon it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Commit fxouers or any Three of them to enlarge the time for receiving fuch Appeal. :

XXVIII. And be it further enafted, That upon any Appeal which fhall be made purfuant to the Provifions of this Aft, the faid Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes fhall and they are hereby authorized and required to inquire into the Matter of fuch Appeal by ordering the fame to be inveftigated by and before any One of fuch Commiffioners, or by and before fuch Officer or Officers, or other Perfon or Perfons, as the faid Commiffioners or any Three of them Shall for that Purpote appoint; and fuch Commiffioner, Officer or Officers, or other Perfon or Perfons, are hereby refpeftively author 58 Geo. III.	O	rized

A

Appeal may be made to the Commiffioners, by giving Notice to the Collector.

Collector to in-dorfe Notice.

AfTefTment final, if Appeal be not made within a limited time, unlefs Oath be made to certain Particulars;

or unlefs Proof of Excufe for not delivering Notice of Appeal be made.

Matter of Ap? peal to be inveftigated by Commiffioners • of Inland Excife and Taxes.

C. 54.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Commiflicneri to make Order therein.

Provii'o for Surcharge remaining if it appear that Appellant had not delivered to Officer a true Account on Oath.

Erron in the Charge or Payment of Duty may be re£tified by Com mi f-fiituprs of Excife, &c. if Appli-

rized and required to hear fuch Appeal, and to examine upon Oath or Affirmation, as the Cafe may be, as well the Party fo appealing as the Officer or other Perfon who (hall have made fuch A fie Ament or Surcharge, and alfo all fuch Witneffes as fhall be produced by either of the faid Parties; and thereupon, or upon other due Proof, to report to the faid Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, whether fuch Commiffioner, Officer or Officers, or other Perfon or Ferfons fo making fuch Inquiry, is or are of Opinion that the Party appealing ought to be relieved or not; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners or any Three of them to make fuch Order m the Matter as (hall appear to them to be juft and reafonable; and every fuch affeAment or Surcharge, or fo much thereof at (hall be confirmed by the faid Commiffioners or any Three of them, fhall ftand good, and remain Part of the annual Charge and AfTefTment againft the Party fo appealing, who (hall forthwith pay the Amount fo confirmed ; and if, upon the Inveftigation of fuch Appeal, it fhall appear that the Perfon fo appealing is or ought to be further charged to any Amount beyond the Amount contained in fuch AfTeffment or Surcharge, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners or any Three of them, to order and direCt that fuch Perfon (hall be further charged •or furcharged with and in refpeCt of the Matter or thing, or to the Amount of the Sum omitted, and the Officer or other Perfon authorized as aforefaid fhall charge the fame againft fuch Perfon, who fhall pay the Amount within One Calendar Month next after fuch further Charge or Surcharge, as the Cafe may be, fhall be made ; and if any fuch Perfon fhall make Default in Payment of the Sum, the AiTeff-ment or Surcharge whereof fhall be confirmed on Appeal as aforefaid as above directed, or in Payment of any fuch further Charge or Surcharge refpe&ively within the time laft aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful to collect, levy, and recover the fame in the like manner in every refpett, and with the like Remedies, Powers and Authorities and Penalties, to all Intents and Purpofes, as the Rates, Duties and Taxes mentioned in this A£t, or any of them, may be collected, levied or recovered under the Provifions of this ACt: Provided always, that the faid Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes fhall not upon any fuch appeal make any Abatement or Defalcation in the Charge made upon any Perfon by AfTefTment or by Surcharge, but the Charge or Surcharge fhall ftand good, and remain Part of the annual Aieflment, unlels it fhall, upon the Hearing of fuch Appeal, appear that the Appellant had prerioufly delivered to fome Officer, or Perfon duly authorized according to the Directions of this ACt, a true, perfect and complete Lift, Account, Declaration or Return of all Matters and things required by this ACt, or fhall produce before the faid Commiffioner or Officer, who (hall inveftigate the faid Appeal, a true, perfect and complete Lift, Account, Declaration or Return of all fuch Matters and things, verified upon the Oath or Affirmation of the faid Appellant, before the Commiffioner or Officer who fhall inveftigate the faid Appeal.

XXIX.	And be it further enaCted, That in cafe any Error fhall be difeovered in confequence of any Duty or greater Amount of Duty having been paid by any Perfon thain ought to have been paid, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch Perfon, within Twelve Calendar Months after the time when fuch Rates, Duties or Taxes had been or fhall have been paid, and not afterwards, to make his or her Complaint

A.D. 1818.

58* GEO. III.

C. 54.

195

plaint before the faid Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, cst'on be made who are hereby authorized and required to examine into the Matter jjthin la of fuch Complaint; and, upon Proof being made to their Satisfac- • a* tion, it (hall and may be lawful for the fatd Commiflioners or any Three of them to order the fame to be repaid out of any of the Revenues under their Management in their Hands at the time when fuch Repayment (hall be ordered as aforefaid.

XXX.	And be it further ena&ed. That the feveral Rates, Duties Rates to be af-and Taxes hereby granted (hall be a(Te(Ted, charged and levied for felfcdforthe the whole Year commencing the Sixth Day of January in each "^ole YJar» Year, and ending on the Fifth Day of January then next following, J" infta^menti' and (hall be payable and paid on Demand at any time after the fame & j„ one Pay-fhall be aflefled and charged : Provided always, that the fafd feveral ment.

Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, (hail and may be payable and receivable either at one entire Payment, or by fuch Inftalments as the faid Commiflioners of Inland Excife and T^xes, or any Three of them, (hall for that Purpofe from time to time dire& and appoint in any DiftriCU or Places to be named by fuch Commiflioners, and fubie& in all Cafes to fuch Orders, Rules, Regulations and Directions with refpedt thereto, and to the receiving, levying and collecting of the fame, as the laid Commiflioners, or any Three of them, (hall from time to time think fit to make and appoint.

* XXXI. And Whereas it is expedient, for the Security of the 4 Revenue,* to provide for the better Collection and Receipt of the 4 Rates, Duties and Taxes by this ACt granted, by employing in the 4 collecting, levying and recovering of the faid Rates, Duties and 4 Taxes, the feveral Collectors of Excife, and other Officer or Officers 4 who (hall and may from time to time be in Charge of the Col-* leCtion of any Duties of Excife in any Excife DiftriCt in Ireland s*

Be it therefore eftaCted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for Rates to be the feveral Collectors of Excife, and to and for fuch other Officer levied by the or Officers who (hall be in Charge of any Collection as aforefaid, Collett or of and every fuch Collector and other Officer or Officers is and are hereby *CI e* refpeCtively authorized and empowered, to colleCt, receive, levy and recover the feveral Rates, Duties and Taxes granted and made payable by this ACt, and the feveral Schedules thereto annexed, or any of them; and that every Perfon chargeable with and liable to pay the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, or any Inftalment thereof, (hall on Demand made, by fuch Notice as is by this ACt directed to be giveh, requiring Payment thereof, or of any of them, or of any fuch Inftalment, carry or fend at the time or times and to the Place or Places mentioned and appointed in fuch Notice for the Receipt and Payment of the fame, and which Place or Places (hall be within the Walk in which fuch Perfon (hall be charged with or ‘aflefled for the fame, and (hall there pay or caufe to be paid to the Collector of fuch DiftriCt, or other Officer in Charge as aforefaid, the A.mount of the feveral Rates, Duties and Taxes, or Inftalment thereof, which fuch Perfon (hall be fo chargeable with and liable to, and which (hall be then payable and in Arrear by fuch Perfon : Pro- Payment may be vided always, that it (hall and may be lawful for any Perfon who (hall n[,ad* ^t0 Ex~ be charged with or aflefled for any of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes,	which

to pay the Amount thereof, or of any Inftalment, into the Excife p^y charged. Office of the Diftri& in which fuch Perfon (hall be fo charged or aflefled, at any time before the time or times fo appointed for Pay-

O 2	ment

C. 54.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

In Default of Payment, Rates may be levied by Diftrefs, with rhe further Sum of is. its the Pound.

Proceedings.

Diftrefs for Payment of Rate may be made on Goods, to whomfoever belonging;

ment thereof, or within Ten Days next after the Eapiratjon of fnch time or times refpe&ively • and the Receipt of fuch Collector or other Officer in Charge as aforefaid (hall be a fufficient DiCcharge to fuch Perfon for fuch of the Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any Inftal-ment thereof, which fuch Perfon (hall fo pay ; and in Default of Payment thereof, or any Part thereof, at the time or timet when fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any Inftalment thereof, are made payable and required to be paid by fuch Perfon, or into the Excife Office of the Diftridt, within Ten Davs next after the Expiration jof fuch time or times refpe&ively, it (hall and may be lawful for tbe Coile&or of fuch Diftridt, or for fuch Officer in Charge as aforefaid, and fuch Colledtor or Officer is hereby refpe&ively authorized to iffue hie - Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to empower any Perfon or Per-fons to levy the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any and fuch of them, and all Arrears thereof, or any Inftalment thereof, as (hall be •then due and in Arrear, and payable by the Perfon owing the fame, together with a further Sum after the Rate of One Shilling in tbe Pound on the Amount of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes fo due aad in Arrear by fuch Perfon; and for fuch Purpofe k (hall and may be lawful to and for the Perfon or Perfons to whom any fuch Warrant .(hall be dire&ed, at any time in the Daytime to make Entry into and upon any Houfe, Offices or other Premifes of the Perfon chargeable with the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, or any lnftal-.ment thereof fo in Arrear, and to levy the fame and all Arrears thereof, together with the further Sum after the Rate of One Shilling in the Pound as aforefaid, by Diftrefs and Sale of any Goods and Chattels of the Perfon chargeable therewith, wherever fuch Goods and Chattels (hall be found, and the Diftrefs fo taken to keep for the Space of Four Days, at theCofts and Charges of the Party fo making Default of Payment; and if the faid Party (hall Hot within the faid Four Days pay the refpe&ive Sums fo due for the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes and Arrears, and for the Cofts and Charges of fuch Dif-llrefs, and for tbe Removal and Keeping thereof, together with the further Sum of One Shilling in the Pound as aforefaid, the faid .Diftrefs (hall be fold for Payment of the faid Sums fo due as .aforefaid, reftoring to the Party the Overplus, if .any, of fuch Money .as fuch Goods (hall be fold for over and above the Rates, Duties and Taxes, and Arrears thereof, then .due, together with the faid further Sum of One Shilling in the Pound aforefaid, and the neceffary and reafonable Cofts and Charges of taking fuclf Diftrefs, and of the Removal, Keeping and Sale thereof, which Cofts and .Charges (hall in no Cafe exceed One fourth Part of the Rates, Duties and Taxes .and ArrearsTo due.

XXXII.	And be it further enadted, That all Goods and Chattels, 4.0 whomfoever belonging, in any Houfe, or in any Outhoufe, Office qr Edifice thereunto appertaining, in refpedl whereof the Rates, Duties and Taxes on Hearths, Fire Places and Stoves, and Windows or Lights, or either of them, (hall be due and in Arrear, (hall be, and fuch Goods and Chattels are hereby made fubjedt and liable to the Payment of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes on Hearths, Fire Places and Stoves, Windows or Lights and .all Arrears thereof, .not exceeding One Year’s Amount, exclufiye.of fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes of the current Year.in which .fuch Diftrefs (hall be made; and fuch Goods and Chattels (hall alfo be fubjedl and liable to the

Payment

GEO. III.

C. 54.

197

Payment of the further Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the and of the faid Amount of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, and to the Payment lsinI,°und of the neceffary and reafonable Cofts and Charges of taking the 8nJ CoiU' Diftrefs, and of the Removal, Keeping and Sale thereof, as aforefaid.

XXXIII.	And be it further ena&edj That in every Cafe where Diftrc&may be dny Warrant fltall, in default of Payment of the faid Rates, Duties made for the and Taxes, or any of them, be iffued to levy the fame, together with Payment of is. the further Sum of One Shilling in the Pound aforefaid, although no '£lhc P£u«d »1-Diftrefa (hall a&ually be made under fuch Warrant for the Rates, ^Lby*** Duties and Taxes due and owing at the time of the iffuing of the

fame, the Payment of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes fo due, or the Tender of the fame to the Perfon having fuch Warrant, (hall not difeharge the Perfon liable to the Payment of the faid Kates, Duties and Taxes, of or from the Payment of the faid Sum of One Shilling in the Pound aforefaid; but it (hall and may be lawful to colle& and levy the fame under fuch Warrant, by Diftrefs and Sale, in the like manner as the Kates, Duties and Taxes may be levied uuder this A&.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That whenever any On Tender or fuch Warrants (hall be iffued, if the Party againft whom the fame (hall Payment of

he iffued (hall tender to the Officer producing fuch Warrant the full	°*	tu

Amount of all Arrears of Rates, Duties and Taxes for the levying Ex'pencesof * of which fuch Warrant (hall be iftued, together With fuch additional |CVy not to be Sum of One Shilling in the Poundr it (hall not be lawful for fuch demanded. Officer to levy the fame by Diftrefs, or to demand or receive any other Sum or Sums of Money of fuch Party as or for the Expences of levying the fame ; but fuch Officer (hall, upon Payment of the faid Arrears, together with fuch Sum of One Shilling in the Pound, give a Receipt to the faid Party for the fame.

XXXV.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Collector or other Sepirste Ac-Officer who (hall receive the faid Sum of One Shilling in the Pound count of Money payable under the Provifions of this AS in cafe ot Default ofPayment received by

of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes within the time preferibed for ^har8e	*

the Payment of the fame, (hall keep a feparate Account thereof, and	Jjd *

(hall account for and (hall remit and pay the Amount of the faid Sum 0y«r with Rites.

of One Shilling in the Pound aforefaid at the fame time and in like

manner as by Law fuch Colle&or or other Officer ought to account

for, remit and pay the faid Duties; and the faid Sum mall be placed

to the Account of the faid Duties x Provided always, that it (hall and Commiffioner

may be lawful to and for the Commiffipners of Inland Excife and ?ra“t Re*

Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, upon the Application of any	p^e"f>

Perfon who (hall have paid, or frtfm whom any fuch Sum of One

Shilling in the Pound aforefaid (hall be levied, to grant fuch Relief

to fuch Perfon,r by a Repayment of fuch Sum or anv Part thereof, as

to th£ faid Commiffioners or any Three of them (hall, under the Cir-

cumflancesof the Cafe, feem fitting or expedient.

XXXVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the feveral refpe&ive Diftrifl* of tb« Diftri&s of the feveral and refpe&ive Offices of Excife in Ireland (hall Offices of Excife he deemed and taken to be the proper Diftri&s for the Receipt of the to be deemed Rates, Duties and Taxes granted by this AS, and for the Purpofes ProPfr

of this AS i and that every Perfon who (hall be affeffed as chargeable ^ with the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, in any fuch Excife Diftrid, (hall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purpofes to have been affeffed and charged in the proper Diftri&, and (hall be chargeable and liable to pay the Amount of the Rates, Duties and

O 3	Taxes

198

C. 54.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Allowance of is. in the Pound to Perfons making Payment on or before the Days appointed;

and of Inftal-mems.

If Admittance be refufed to execute a Warrant, Houfe may be broke ope n in the Day time, and in the Prefence of Peace Officer ;

and Diftreia taken.

In cafe of Removal, Colled or of Diftrid to tranfmit Cenifi-

Taxea due from fuch Perfon to the Colledor or other Officer in Charge of the Colledion of the Excife Diftrid into the Office of which the A fie Ament again fi: fuch Perfon (hall have been returned.

XXXVII.	And as an Inducement to Perfons to pay the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes which (hall be afiefled again ft them, be it further enaded, That whenever any Perfon (hall pay to the Colledor of Excife, or other Officer in Charge of the Colledion of any Excife Diftrid, the full annual Amount of the Rates, Duties and Taxes with which fuch Perfon fhall be charged or afiefled purfuant to the Provifious of this Ad, on or before the Days and times when the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or the Firft Inftalment thereof (if required to be paid, by Inftalments), (hall be required to be paid in manner direded by this Ad, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Colledor or other Officer to allow to fuch' Perfon a Sum after the Rate of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of the whole of fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes as fuch Perfon (hall fo adually pay as aforefeid; and if any Perfon (hall, in any cafe where fuch Rates,' Duties and Taxes (hall be required to be paid by Inftalments, pay the full Amount of every fuch Inftalment on or before the feveral Days or times when* the faid feveral Inftalments (hall be refpedively required to be paid, it (hall be lawful for the faid Colledor or Officer to allow to fuch Perfon, on Payment of the laft of fuch Inftalments, a Sum after the Rate of One Shilling in the Pound on the whole annual Amount of fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes $ and the faid Colledor or Officer (hall give to fuch Perfon making fuch Payment a Receipt for the full Amount of the whole of fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes, or of fuch laft Inftalment thereof, fpecifying the Amount of fuch Allowance, and deduding the fame from the Sum payable in refped of fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes, or fuch laft Inftalment thereof.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon to whom any Warrant iflued under this Ad (hall be direded to levy the faid Rates, Duties or Taxes, or any of them, (hall be refufed Admittance into any Houfe, Outhoufe or Edifice, or (hall not, on Demand of Entrance by knocking or otherwife, obtain Admittance into the fame ; or if no Perfon fhall attend or appear at fuch Houfe, Outhoufe or Edifice, to give Entrance to fuch Perfon to whom fuch Warrant fhall be direded, or from whom fuch Perfon can make Demand of Entrance ; then and in every fuch cafe it fhall and may be lawful for fuch Perfon, upon a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one Commiffioner of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or upon a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Colledor of Excife, or other Officer in Charge of the Colledion of the Diftrid in which fuch Houfe, Outhoufe or Edifice fhall be fituate, to break open and enter in the Day time any fuch Houfe, Outhoufe or Edifice, in the Prefence of a Conftable or other Peace Officer, who is hereby authorized and required to be aiding and affifting therein, and to levy by Diftrefs and Sale, in manner before in this Ad mentioned, the feveral Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any and fuch of them as fhall be then due in Arrear, together with the further Sum of One Shilling in the Pound aforefaid, and the neceflary and reafonable Cofts and Charges of taking fuch Diftrefs, and of the Removal, Keeping and Sale thereof.

XXXIX.	And be it further enaded, That whenever any Perfon liable to and charged or chargeable with the Payment of the Rates, Duties or Taxes granted by this Ad, or any of them, (hall before

Payment

58° GEO. III.

C. 54.

199

Payment thereof remove from the Diftri& in which the fame (hall be «««to Colle&or

charged* the Colle&or or other Officer in Charge of the Colle&ion of °*.

the (aid Di(lri& (hall make and fign, and caufe to be tranfmitted to the charred »V"

Colle&or or other Officer in Charge of the Colle&ion of the Di(lri& removed.

where the Perfon or Perfons making Default of Payment (hall then

relide or be, a Certificate dating the Chriftian and Surname and

former Refidence of the Perfon fo removing, and the Amount of the

Rates* Duties and Taxes chargeable on and due from fuch Perfon at

the time of fuch Removal; and every fuch CoHe&or or other Officer Proceeding*

in Charge of the Colle&ion of iuch laftr mentioned Di(lri& as thereon.

aforefaid is hereby rcfpe&ively authorized and empowered to ifTue

his Warrant for the recovering and levying fuch Amount of the faid

Rates* Duties and Taxes as (hall be fpecified and fet forth in the

faid Certificate* and the fame (hall and may be levied accordingly in

like manner as any fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes arifing within

fuch laft mentioned DHlri& may be levied under the Provifions of

this Adi; and the Colle&or or other Officer of the Diftridi fo giving

fuch Certificate (hall tranfmit a Copy thereof to the Commiffioners of

Inland Excife and Taxes, and the faid Commiffioners (hall give fuch

Orders and Dirediions with refpedfe to the paying and accounting'for

fuch Sums fo levied as they (hall fee fitting and neceflary.*

XL. And be it further enadled. That no Goods or Chattels what- No Good* taken foever belonging to any Perfon or Perfons, at any tjpne when any of in Execution, the Rates, Duties or Taxes granted by this Adi charged or afiefied upon fuch Perfon or Perfons may become in Arrear, (hall be liable to be taken by virtue of any Execution or other Procefs,-Warrant Arrear be paid, or Authority, or by virtue of any Affignment, or on any Account or Pretence whatever, unlefs the Party at whofe Suit the find Execution or other Procefs (hall be fued out, or any Seizure made, or to whom fuch Affignment (hall be made, or fome Perfon on behalf of fuch Party* (hall* before the Sale or Removal of fuch Goods or Chattels, pay all fuch Arrears of the faid Rates* Duties and Taxes* • or caufe the fame to be paid to the Colle&or of Inland Excife and Taxes, or other Officer in Charge df the Collediion of the Diftridb in which fuch Goods or Chattels (hall be feized* not exceeding in the whole the Amount of the Duties which (hall be payable for the Year in which fuch Seizure (hall be made, together with the Arrear of One Year immediately preceding; and the faid Party at whofe In (lance But Sehur* fuch feizure (hall be made, after Payment to the faid Collector or mly b* Pr°-other Officer "in Charge of the Colle&ion as aforefaid, of all fuch cewie<* *• Arrears due of the aforefaid Rates, Duties and Taxes for One whole Year, if due, and for the Year in which fuch Seizure'(hall be made* may proceed in fuch Seizure as filch Party might have done if no Rates, Duties or Taxes had been fo due and in Arrear; but in cafe of Nonpayment of the faid Rates* Duties and Taxes, the faid Colle&or, or any other Officer in Charge of the Colle&ion as afore-faid, is hereby authorized and required to ifTue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal* to empower any Perfon or Perfons to diftrain fuch Goods and Chattels* nptwithftanding fuch Execution or Seizure, and to proceed to the Sale thereof, according to the Provifions of this A&, in order to obtain Payment of all fuch Arrears of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes then due and payable, together with the neceffary and reasonable Cods and Charges attending the Diftrefs, and the Keeping and Sale of fuch Goods and Chattels.

O 4

XLI. And

C. 54.

58° GEO. HI.

A;D. 181ft

Guardians and Executors liable to Rates,having Affets in their Hands.

A Lift of Rates due under any A3 in force before the palling of this A3, to be delivered to the Colle&or of each Diftri3, who (hall levy the fame, os any Rate may be levied under this A3.

tor want of fufficient Dif-trefs, the Defaulter lhall forfeit double the Amount of the Rates due.

XLI. And be* it* further enaded, That where any Perfon of Perfona chargeable with the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, (hall be under the Age of Twenty one Years, or where any Perfon fo chargeable (hall die, in every fuch cafe the Parent or Guardian or Guardians of fuch Minor having Monies or Property pf fuch Minor, whereout fuch Rates, Duties or Taxes may be paid* and. the Executor or Executors, or Adminiftrator or Adminiftrators pf the Perfon or Perfona fo dying, having received Affets fufficient for the Purpofe, fhall be, and is and are hereby made liable to and charged with the Payments which the faid Minor ought to have made, and the Perfon fo dying was chargeable with, for or on account of the faid .Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them ; and if fuch Payent .or Guardian or Guardians, Executor or Executors, Adminiftrator or Adminiftrators, fhall negled or refufe to pay as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to proceed againft him, her- or them, in like manner as againft any other Perfon or Perfona making Default in Payment of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them; and every Parent or Guardian making Payment as aforefaid (ball be allowed the fame in his, her or their Accounts, and every Exe-eutor and Adminiftrator fhall be allowed to dedud all fuch Payments out of the Affets of the Perfon fo dying,

. XLII. And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful for the Commi joners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of themyand they are hereby, required, as foon as conveniently may be aftef the palling of this Alt* to caufe to be delivered to the Colledor of Excife of each Diftrid. in Ireland*, or other Officer in Charge of the Golledion thereof, a true Lift or Schedule in Writing of all fuch Sums as fhall be due and in Arrear for or in refpelt of any Rates, Duties and Taxes payable under any Ad or Alts in force immediately before the palling of this Alt, on Hearths, Firing Places or Stoves* and on Windows or Lights, and on Male Servants or other Male Pcrfons, and on Carriages, and on Coachmakers or Makers and Sellers of Carnages, and on Horfes, Mares and Geldings, and on Dogs or any of them, within the Diftrilt of which fuch Colleltor or other Officer fhall be in Charge ; and fuch Lift or Schedule fhall contain the Names, Surnames and Places of Abode of the feveral Perfona by whom fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes (hall be then due and owing, and the Sum. or Sums charged upon and dul by each fuch Perfon refpeltively, and in refpelt of what Articles, matters or things the Sum or Sums fo due fhall have been charged; and upon, the Delivery of any fuch Lift or Schedule it fhall and may be lawful fot every fuch Colleltor or other Officer in Charge as aforefaid, and fuch Colledor or other Officer is hereby refpeltively authorized* empowered and required to demand, receive, levy and recover all fuch Sums as fhall appear from fuch Lift or Schedule to be due and in Arrear, in as full and ample a manner in all Refpeds, and with the like Powers, Authorities and Remedies, to all Intents and Purpofes, as any Rate, Duty or Tax may under the Provifions of this AH be demanded, recovered, levied and received.

XLIII, And be it further enalted, That whenever it fhall happen that fufficient Goods, Chattels or Effelts of any Perfon liable to the Payment of any Rates, Duties and Taxes granted by tbit Ad, whereon fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes may be levied purfuant to the Directions of this Ad* fhall not be forthcoming, fo that fuch Rates,

Duties

58° GEO. III.

201

A. D. 1818.

0. 54*

Duties and Taxes, or any Part thereof, (hall remain unpaid and un-fatisfied, every fuch Perfon (hall forfeit and pay a Sum ecjual to double the Amount of fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes fo remaining unpaid, or of fo much thereof as (ball fo remain unpaid and unfatisfied, to be recovered againft fuch Perfon for the Ufe of His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflors.

XLIV. And be it further ena&ed, That on Proof of Payment by any Perfon of any Rates, Duties and Taxes in refped of any Carriages, * Male Servants or other Male Perfons, Horfes, Mares, Geldings and Dogs, in any One Diftrid or Place, by Produdion of the Receipt figned by the Colledor to whom the Payment (hall have been made, or of a Certificate by fuch Collector, luch Perfon (hall.be acquitted from the Payment of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes refpedively, in any other Diftrid or Place in Ireland, for the Articles mentioned in fuch Receipt or Certificate, and for the Period fpecified therein.

XLV. And be it further enaded, That every Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages (hall from time to time enter in a Book, to be kept for that Purpofe by fuch Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, the Number and Kind or Carriages by him or her built and con-flruded for .Sale, and alfo the Number and Kind of Carriages which fuch Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages (hall part with, tell or dif-pofe of at fecond hand on his or her own Account, whether the fame (hall have been repaired or altered by fuch Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or not, and alfo of the Number and Kind of Carriages kept by him or her for Sale, although the fame may not have been built by fuch Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, diftiugui(hing the Number of Wheels of each* and if- with lets than Four Wheels, whether con (traded to be drawn by Two Horfes, and the Number fold, and the Names and Places of Abode of the Perfons to whom fold, parted with, or difpofed of refpedively, and the particular Day on which each Carriage was delivered or lent out of the Shop or Warehoufe, Yard, or other Place of fuch Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages; and every Perfon felling Carriages by Au&ion or on Commiffion (hall keep a like Book, and in like manner enter in the fame the Number and Kinds of Carriages kept for Sale and fold by fuch Perfon, diftinguilhing the Number of Wheels of each, and the Days on which fuch Carriages were fold, and to whom they were fold refpedively; and every Livery Stable Keeper, or other Perfon receiving any Horfe, Mare or Gelding, or any Carriage, to (land at Livery, (hall alfo from time to time enter in a Book an Account of every Carriage or Horfe fo (landing at Livery, and. the Name and Plaoe of Abode of the Perfon by or on whofe behalf fuch Carriage or Horfe had been fo fent or delivered, and the time of the fending of the fame refpedively^ all which Books (hall at all feafonable times in the Day time be open to the Infpedion of any fuch Officer or other Perfon authorized as aforefaid ; and fuch Officer or other Perfon authorized as aforefaid (hall have Power to enter into the Houfe, Manu-fadory, Work (hop. Stables, and other Buildings and Places of every fuch Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, and other Perfons refped-ively as aforefaid, and take an Account of all Carriages there, and of all Horfes fo at Livery as aforefaid, and to fatisfy nimfelf of the Truth of fuch Entries in any fuch Books refpedively 5 and every Coachmaker or maker of Carnages, and other Perfons hereby required

to

Proof of Payment of Rate in One Diftrift to lelieve from Payment in another.

Coachmakcrs ro enter in a Book the Number and Defcription of Carriages made by them, Sec.

Perfons felling Carriages by Au&ion, See. to keep an Account ;

and alfo Livery Stable Keepers.

Books of fuch Perfons may be infpeded. Power to enter Premifes.

Account to be delivered within the time herein-

Guardians and	XLI.	And be' it* further ena&cd, That -where a

Executors liable Perforin chargeable with the faid Rates, Duties and T. Affetsln their8	(hall be under the Age of Twenty one Year

Hands.	Perfon	fo chargeable (hall die, in every fuch cab

Guardian or Guardians of fuch Minor having Mot pf fuch Minor, whereout fuch Rates, Duties or Ta and. the Executor or Executors, or Adminiftrator Q.f the Perfon or Perfona fo dying, having receiv-for the Purpofe, (hall be, and is and are hereby r charged with the Payments which the faid Minor ' and the Perfon fo dying was chargeable with, f the faid .R^tes, Duties and Taxes, or any of Parent pr Guardian or Guardians, Executor e niftrator or Admini&rators, (hall negleft. or Tefu it (hall and may be lawful to proceed again!' like manner as againft any other Perfon or P* in Payment of the faid Rates, Duties and T and every Parent or Guardian making Pay be allowed the fame in his, her or their Ac eutor and Adrainiftrator (hall be allowed to < out of the A(Tet8 of the Perfon fo dying*

A Lift of Rates . XL.II. And be it further ena&ed. That * due under any for the Commiffioners of Inland Dxcife and Aft in force be- Three of them*and they ate hereby reouir

rfthUAafto8 may be aftet the pa0ing of this A&, to < be delivered to Cotte&or of Excite of each Diftrift. in 1 the ColleSor of Charge of the GoUe&ion thereof, a true 1 each Diftrid, Qf all fuch Sums as (hall be due and in who (hall levy any Rates, Duties and Taxes payable

Rate*mey be*ny f°rce immediately before the palling of t levied under Places or Stoves* and on Windows or I thU AS.	or other Male Pcrfons, and on Carriu

Makers and Sellers of Carriages, an* ings, and on Dogs or any of them, fuch Colle&or or other Officer (hall Schedule (hall contain the Names, So the feveral Perfons by whom fuch P then due and owing, and the Sum < by each fuch Perfon refpe&ively, matters or things the Sum or Sum and upon, the Delivery of any fuch be lawful for every fuch Colled aforefaid, and fuch Collector or < authorized, empowered and req> recover all fuch Sums as (hall ap; be due and in Arrear, in as full and with the like Powers, Aut\ and Purpofes, as any Rate, Du of this Ad be demanded, reco^ tot want of XLUI. And be i‘ ' fufficient Dif-	that fufficient Goof5

trefs, the De-	Payment of any

fnltet fb.ll	whereon fuch Rat.

.“"of	Direftion, of thi»

the Rites due,

J*,§ L*PlK Iff

r

■ „-r /Vf th< rr..f'

:*J! tot frit	^	>

. ; JJttm »f>'1 , \ i !n rr m 41 *	..

” ’t,r ‘



-i nr nir7»meg tr -•air ar Zjmsrr a: Sdisr rr Cerra^r*,

a ifloec tit Side <c

vkuLKi kt Carrj^t , DatT nr Tax either He -zA Eiok sdc Texes in

*, the Ejjtrr srt.^i. ir.-JL be Ixpentranx fLi— r^iiLa. tbe v:g the Njrtr^r ai Watt**, .ether corT^-cted to be 3iwi

■ rngBi. mw

zx ht arr-**.-* cteu—oipr nr H* Licrv

• to sicefu^ ttit Rite, D-tr or by the Own-r thereof, end ot Abode of tbe Peiioa on m bale ted.

* Thai {ran and after the Expiration Stiarf Dot> «. of this Ad, no Stan.p Doty ffiaJ be Reenpnttotl^ -.aall be gitcn on tbe Payment of any ’V this A&; and that fo much of an V^cl* ?»vs Year of His prefent Majedy's Ruga, ^jp11y r tbe CoUcQimm mmd Mmmmfemeni tf St*m£ i, x change> Prmmftrj Aratar, RecetfU mmd i;d, as provides that every Receipt or other / Officer of the Revenue on Payment of it of any Duty on Dwelling Houfes in refpeti s, or on Coaches and other Carriages, or on servants, (hall be written or printed, or written *-te proper Receipt Stamp, according to the n to be paid; and that the Duty on every inch nd by the Perfon to whom fuch Receipt fhiU be

given

204

58<> GEO. III.

Colle&or, &c. may require the Production of thl laft Receipt given for Duty.

Mot producing it after Notice.

Penalty Iol. Provifo.

Game Certificate to be produced when required.

Penalty aol. Notice*, Accounts, and Books, &c. required (hall be in

C. 54.

A.D.181&

fiven by the Officers of the Revenae; Audi be and the fame it ereby repealed.

LI. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Colledor or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the Diftrid, or for any Infpedor or Supervifor of the Rates, Duties and Taxes by this Ad granted, or any of them, to require any Per* fon chargeable with the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, to produce to fuch Collector or other Officer, Infpe&or or Supervifor, the laft Receipt paffed or given to fuch Perfon for and on account of any fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes, or fuch of them as fuch Perfon was chargeable with and liable to pay; and if on Demand made by fuch Colledor or other Officer, Infpedor or Supervifor, at the ufual Place of Abode of fuch Perfon, fuch Receipt fhall not be produced and delivered to fuch Colledor or other Officer, Infpedor or Supervifor, to be retained by him for fuch time as fhall be fufficient to enable him to take a Copy of the fame, then it fhall and may be lawful for fuch Colledor or other Officer, Infpedor or Supervifor, and they are hereby refpedively required, to leave a Notice at the ufual Place of Abode of fuch Perfon, fetting forth that fuch Colledor or other Officer, Infpedor or Supervifor, will attend at fuch ufual Place of Abode of fuch Perfon at a certain Day and Hour to be fpecifiefl in fuch Notice, and requiring him or her to produce or caufe to be produced fuch Receipt to fuch Colledor or other Officer, Infpedor or Supervifor, at the Day and Hour mentioned in fuch Notice; and if fuch Perfon (hall not produce fuch Receipt to fuch Colledtor or other Officer, Infpedor or Supervifor, on his attending for that Purpofe at the time fpecified in fuch Notice, then fuch Perfon (hall forfeit for every Tuch Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, unlefs he or (he (hall at fuch time make Oath before fuch Colledor or other Officer, Infpedor or Supervisor, (which Oath fuch Officers are hereby refpedively authorized and required tor adminifter without Fee or Reward,) that he or (he ufed due Diligence to find or procure the faid Receipt, and that he or (he hath not been able to find or procure the fame.

LII. And be it further enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful for any Infpedor of Taxes, or any other Officer or Officers who now is or hereafter (hall be appointed by or under the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland for the Colledion or Superintendance of the Colledion of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, to demand and require from any Perfon who fhall ufe or keep any Dog, Gun, Net or other Engine for the taking or Deftrudion of Game, to produce and (hew to fuch Officer the proper Certificate to fuch Perfon for Liberty to kill Game; and every fuch Perfon (hall upon fuch Demand and Requifition as afore-faid, produce fuch Certificate to the Officer fo demanding and requiring the fame, and (hall permit the Tame to be infpeded accordingly ; and if any fuch Perfon (hall wilfully negled or refufe to produce and (hew a Certificate in force iffued to him for the Purpofe aforefaid, or (hall decline to produce or (hew the fame, every Perfon fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LII I. And be it further enaded, That the feveral Notices by* this Ad required to be given in refped of the Rates, Duties and Taxes granted by this Ad, or any of them, and the feveral Account»

to-

58o GEO. III.

C. 54.

205

to be delivered purfuant to fuch Notices, and the feveral Books and Accounts by this Adl required to be kept, and the Entries to be made therein, and alfo the Receipts to be .given and delivered by the .Officer to the Perfon paying the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, on fuch Officer receiving the fame, (hall and may be in fuch refpedive Form or Forms as the Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, in Ireland, or any Three of them, may from time to time order, direct and appoint; and it (hall not be neceffary to prove on the Trial of any Complaint or Information touching the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, the particular Order, Direction or Appointment of the faid Commiflioners or any Three of them, for or of any fuch Form or Forms refpe&ively ; and if any Perfon who is by this Adi required to keep any Book or Books, (hall negledi or refufe to keep fuch Book, or Books in fuch Form or Forms as (hall be fo ordered, appointed or direded, ever fuch Perfon (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

LIV. And be it further enadied, That any Notice which (hall be given or ferved by any Officer or ojther Perfon authorized as aforesaid under the Provifions of this Adi, (hall not be impeached or affedied by reafon of any Mifiake or Variance in the ChnAian Name 9r Surname or either of them, of any Perfon liaMe or chargeable with .the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, or m the Amount of the Rate, Duty or Tax ; but that every fuch Notice (hall be valid and effediual, to all Intents and Purpofes, notwithftand-ing any fuch Mi flake or Variance, provided that the Perfon intended to be deferibed (hall really be liable to the faid Rate, Duty and Tax, or the Rate, Duty or Tax intended to be deferibed, (hall be chargeable on fuch Perfon.

LV. And be it further enadied. That it (hall and may be lawful for .the Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland or any Three of them, from time to time, as often as they (hall think expedient, to call before them any and every Colledlor, Affeffor, In-fpedior or other Officer .employed in the collediing or charging of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes or any of them, and to examine him or them upon Oath, or if a Quaker, on folemn Affirmation, and to ascertain the Sum or Sums of Money that (hall hye been colledied and paid to fuch Colledlor or other Perfons refpedfively for the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, and alfo to afeertain the Sum or Sums in Arrear, and the Caufe or Caufes thereof, and alfo upon Oath or Affirmation to examine the faid Colledlor or other Perfons refpedfc-ively touching the due Payment over of any Sum or Sums previoufly colledied by him or them, and with refpedl to the Sum or Sums remaining in the Hand or Hands of fuch Colledlor or other Perfon refpedbvely, and to make fuch Order in the Premifes as the faid .Commiflioners, or any Three of them, (hall judge neceffary to prevent .any Failure .in the Payment of any Part of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes.

JL.VI. And be it further enadied. That if any Officer or Perfon appointed to affefs, charge, levy or colledl the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes or any of them, (hall with Intent to defraud His Majeily, .His Heirs or Succeffors, make any falfe or untrue Entry in any Abffradl, Ledger .or .other Books which fuch Officer (hall keep, containing the Survey or CoUedlion .of .his Walk. Divifion or Diftridl, or (hall, with fuch Intent, omit to make any Entry or Entries pi any

fuch

fuch Form as the Commiflioners (hall direft.

Not nccefliiry to prove luch Direction on Trial of Information.

Penalty 50I.

Miftake in the Name not to invalidate the Notice.

Commiflioners may examine Col left or s, ike. on Oath, 6tc. as to the State of their Accounts.

Making falfe Entries, &c. hy Officer.

C. 54.

58° GEO. 1IL

A.D. 1848.

Penalty 500I. Power of ad-miniftering Oath by Officer.

Perfons fwearing falfely Perjury.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Irifh Ad,

14 9c 15 C. a.

46 G. 3.0.106.

fuch Abftrad, Ledger or Book refpedively, or (hall give or grant any falfe or untrue Receipt for the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes or any of them, or fhall make any falfe or untrue Entry with relation to the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes or any of them, or with relation to any fuch Receipt given or granted by him, or if any fuch Officer or other Perfon (haul knowingly permit or fuller the fame to be done in any of the refpedive Cafes aforefaid, every fuch Officer or Perfoa fo offending, being thereof lawfully conYided, (hall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit to His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

LVII. And be it further enaded, That in all Cafes where any Affidavit, Oath or Affirmation is by this Ad required or direded to be taken or fubferibed or adminiftered, every fuch Affidavit, Oath or Affirmation (hall and may be taken or adminiftered by or before any Commiffioner of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or by or before any Colledor of Excife in his proper Diftrid, or by or before any other Officer in Charge of the Colledion of fuch Diftrid, or by or before any Perfon who now is or hereafter (hall be authorized by the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland to adminifter Oaths in Revenue Cafes; and every fuch Commiffioner, Colledor, Officer or Perfoiris and are hereby refpedively authorized, empowered and required to adminifter fuch Affidavit, Oath or Affirmation accordingly.

LVIII. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon who (hall take or make any Affidavit or any Oath, or make any Affirmation by this Alt required to be taken or made, (hall wilfully or knowingly fwear or affirm falfely therein, every fuch Perfon, being duly convicted thereof, (hall fuffer the Pains and Penalties to which Perions guilty of wilful or corrupt Perjury are or (hall be fubjed by any Law in force in Ireland; and if any Perfon (hall corruptly procure or fuborn any other Perfon or Perfons to fwear or affirm falfely in any fuch Affidavit, Oath or Affirmation, fuch Perfon being duly con-vided of fuch procuring or fuborning, (hall for every fuch Offence incur and fuffer fuch Penalties, Forfeitures, Pains and Difabilities as Perfons con vided of Subornation of Perjury are refpedively liable unto by any Law in force in Ireland.

LIX. And fie it further enaded, That all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Ad (hall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in Briti/h Currency, and (hall be raifed, levied, colleded and paid, fued for, recovered and applied, (except in Cafes where it is otherwise direded in this Ad,l m the fame manner and under fuch Powers and Authorities, and by fuch Ways and Methods, and according to fuch Rules and Diredions, and under fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, direded and expreffed for levying, fuing for or recovering of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Ad made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, intituled jin AS for the fettling of the Excife or new Imtooft upon His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, according to the Book of Rates therein inferted; or in and by an Ad made in the Forty (ixth Year of His prefent Majefty*8 Reign, intituled An AS to provide for the better Execution of the fevered ASs relating to the Revenues, matters and things under the Management of the Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, and of the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Tastes, in Ireland5 of

in

58° GEO. lit

C. 54.

207

in and by any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues of Cuftoms and Excife, or. either of them, as fully and «ffe&uaUy, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame were herein expreffed and ena&ed; with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the faid recited Ad made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, or any other Ad or Ads as aforefaid, is provided.

LX. And be it further enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace in Ireland, within whofe Jurifdidion any Offence for which the Penalty (hall not exceed Forty Pounds (hall be committed againft this Ad, or any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland relating in anywife to the Payment, Regulation or Colledion of the Rates, Duties or Taxes by this Ad granted or any of them, and every fuch Juftice is hereby authorized, empowered and required, upon Information or Complaint in Writing made in that behalf by any Officer or other Perfon .ading under the Authority of the Com-iniffioners of Cuftoms and Excife or either of them refpedively, within Six Months after the Offence committed, to fummon the Party accufed of fuch Offence, and alfo the Witneffes, if any, on either Side, and to examine into the Fad, and upon Proof thereof made to his Satisfadion, either by the Confeffion of the Party or Perfon accufed of fuch Offence, or by the Oath of One or more Witnefs or Witneffes, which Oath fuch Juftice is hereby authorized to adminifter, to give Judgment for fuch Penalty, and thereupon to iffue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal for levying fuch Penalty on the Goods and Chattels of fuch Offender, and to caufe Sale to be made thereof in cafe the fame (hall not be redeemed within Six Days, rendering to the Party the Overolus, if any$ and where Goods and Chattels fufficient cannot be •found to anfwer fuch Penalty, fuch Juftice of the Peace, or any other Juftice of the Peace of the County or County of a City or Town in which fuch Convidion (hall lie, is hereby authorized and empowered to commit fuch Offender or Offenders to Prifon until fuch Penalty (hall be paid $ and if any Perfon, whether Profecutor or Party convided, (hall find himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by the Judgment of any fuch Juftice of the Peace, then and in fuch Cafe it (hall be lawful for fuch Perfon, if the Perfon fo appealing (hall be the Perfon convided, upon giving fufficient Security by Recognizance with Two fufficient Sureties before fuch Juftice to pay the Amount of the Penalty impofed by fuch Convidion as aforefaid, together with Cofts not exceeding Forty Shillings, as fuch Juftice (hall appoint, to appeal to the Juftice or Jufticet at the next General Quarter Seffions of the County, County of a Town or City, as the Cafe may be, which (hall be held after Fourteen dear Days from the Day on which fuch Convidion (hall have been, made, in the Diftrid in which fuch Offence (hall have been committed, if fuch County (hall be divided into Diftrids, or if not fo divided, then at the General Seffions of the County or County of ? Town or City, which (hall happen next after Fourteen clear Days after fuch Convidion (hall have been made, of which Appeal Notice m Writing (hall be given to the adverfe Party Ten clear Days previous to the Firft Day of fuch Quarter Semons refpedively; and fuch Juftices at fuch Seffions (hall ftimmon and examine Witneffes upon Oath, and finally hear and determine fuch Appeal; and in cafe

the

Penalties not exceeding 40L may be recovered before a Juftice.

Appeal to Quarter Seflions, on giving Security.

Notice of Appeal

£08

Cofti.

Convictions not 10 tie removed by Certiorari.

Perfonal Service of Procefs for Penalties not necelfary.

WitnefTes neglecting, See. to appear, &c.

FenaUy aol

Informers admitted Wit-nefles.

C. 54.	58° GEO. III.	A.D.1818,

the Judgment of the Juftice again ft whofe Adjudication fuch Appeal (hall be brought (hall be affirmed, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Juftice or Juftices at Seffions as aforefaid to award the Perfou or Per-Tons fo appealing to pay fuch Cofts to the Profecutor occafioned by fuch Appeal as to him or them (hall feem meet, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Forty Shillings, and fuch Juftice or Juftices of the (aid Court of Quarter Seffions (hall and may thereupon proceed in the fame manner in all Refpeds as the Juftice making fuch Convidion might or could have done if fuch Appeal had not taken place.

LXI. And be it further enaded, That no Conviction made by any Juftice, or before any Juftices of Peace at the Quarter Seffions, nor any Sentence or Order given or made by any fuch Juftice or Juftices under or by virtue of thi3 Ad, (hall be removed by Writ or Certiorari out of the County, City, Town or Place wherein fuch Convi&ion or Proceeding (hall have been had or made ; and that no Writ of Certiorari (hall fuperfede Execution or other Proceedings upon any Conviction, Order or Sentence made or given in purfuance of this Ad, but that Execution and other Proceedings (hall be had and made thereupon, any fuch Writ of Certiorari or Allowance thereof notwithftanding.

LXII. And be it further enaCted, That it (hall not be neceflary in any Proceeding before a Magiftrate or Magiftrates for the Recovery of any Penalty under this ACt, or under any ACt or Ads in force from time to time for the Payment of or for the regulating the Col-ledion of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, that the original or any other Procefs or Summons, or any Notice or Order whatfoever, fhould be perfonally ferved on the Defendant or Defendants, or any of them, but it (hall in all fuch Cafes be fufficient that the fame, or a Copy thereof, be ferved or polled, as the Cafe may be, at his, her or their then Place or Places of Abode.

LXIII. And be it further enaCled, That if any Perfon or Per-fons (hall be fummoned as a Witnefs or WitnefTes to give Evidence in any Cafe under this ACl before any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, pr before any Juftice or Juftices at the Seffions, and (hall negled or refufe to appear, the Expence of fuch Witnefs or WitnefTes, if he, (he or they fhaU be required to go to a greater Diftance than Five Miles from Home, being firft paid or tendered, without a reasonable Excufe to be allowed by fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, or Juftice or Juftices at Seffions refpedively, or upon appearing (hall refufe to be examined upon Oath, or to give Evidence before fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, or Juftice or Juftices at Seffions refpedively, and (hall not make reasonable Excufe for fuch Refufal, to be allowed by fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace or Juftice or Juftices at Seffions refpedively, then fuch Perfon or Perfon* (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LXIV. And be it further enaded, That on any Trial or other Proceeding for Recovery of any Penalty under this Ad, or under any Ad relating to the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, any Informer or other Perfon who in the Event of a Convidion would be entitled to the Penalty to be recovered thereon, or to any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, or to anv Fee, Profit, .Reward or Emolument whatsoever, (hall neverthelels be received and admitted as a Witnefs on fuch Trial or other Proceeding ; and fuch Teftimony (hall, if believed, be

fufficieBt

209

A.D.1818.	58°	GEO.	III.	C.54.

fufficient thereon to all Intents and Purpofes, fo far as the fame Teftimony could be if given by any indifferent Perfon.

LXV. And be it further enadted, That any Juftice of the Peace Conviaioni to before whom any Offender (hall be convidted of any of the Offences be msdein the aforefaid, or of any Offence againft any Adt in anywife relating to the following Payment, Regulation or Colle&ion of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or of any of them, (hall caufe the Convidtion to be made out in manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effedt, mutat'u mutandis; which Convidtion (hall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purpofes, without fetting forth the Evidence, or ftating the Cafe in any more particular manner ; that is to fay,

4 DE it remembered. That on the	Day	of	Form.

*	in the Year of our Lord

4	A.	0. of	in the County of

*	[or	County,	or	County	of	the City or Town of

*	as the Cafe may be], was convidted before me,

*	/. ?. One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid

*	County of	[or	County

*	of the City or Town of	]	for	that	the	faid

*	A 0. on the	Day of	in	the Year

4	at

*	in	the	faid	County	of	did [here

4 fate the Offence], contrary to the Statute in that Cafe made and 4 provided ; and I do therefore adjudge the faid A. 0. to have 4 forfeited the Sum of	•	«

*	Britijh Currency, making the Sum of

*	Irijb	Currency.

4 Given under my Hand and Seal, the	Day

4 of	.*

Which Convidtion the faid Juftice (hall caufe to be written fairly upon Paper or Parchment, and to be tranfmitted within Ten Days from the Date of fuch Con vision to the Clerk of the Peace for the County or County of a City or Town (as the Cafe may by), or Place where fuch Convidtion was made, to be filed by him, and to remain and to be kept among the Records of the fame County or Place; and if any fuch Juftice (hall negledt or omit fo to do, he (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit Ten Pounds.	Penalty. *

LXV I. And be it further ena&ed,That any Warrant to be iffued Warrant of by any fuch Juftice of the Peace for levyiog any Sum under any fuch Dirtref$ to be in Convidtion from the Goods of any fuch Offender, (hall be in the Form the following following, or in fome other Form of Words to that or the like Effedt, which Form (hall be good and valid to a)l Intents and Purpofes; that is to fay,

4 County of	to	wit.	Form.

*	To M, and JY. and each of them, and their and each of their

Afiiftants.

1 WHEREAS on the	Day	of

*	’	in	tii.	War

was duly convifled.

Day of

in the Year 4	A.	0.	of

4 for that he [or (he] on the

58 Geo. III.

210

C. 54,

58* GEO. IIL

A.D.1818.

Wmaotof Committal to be in the following

% in the Year	at

t	in the faid County of	*	[or	County	of

€ the City or Town of	as	the	Cafe	may	ir]	did

*	rhere Jiate the Offence] ; and thereupon the faid A* 0. hath become € liable to a Fine or Penalty of

t	Briitfh	Currency (amounting to

<	Jrijh	Currency): I do

t therefore by thefe Prefen ts authorize you and each of you to take c into your Poffeflion the Goods and Chattels of the faid A. 0. or a « Sufficiency thereof for levying the Sum laft mentioned thereout,

<	wherever you (hall find the faid Goods and Chattels in the County c aforefaid; and if the faid Goods and Chattels (hall not be redeemed c by the Payment of the laid Sum within Six Days from the Day of « taking the fame, you are by public Sale thereof to levy the faid i Sum, rendering to the faid A. 0. the Overplus (if any) ; and the « faid Sum fo levied you (hall bring to me without Delay, to be dif-

<	pofed of according to Law. Given under my Hand and Seal, this

*	Day of	One	thoufand

<	eight hundred and

And if Goods fufficient cannot be found to anfwer fuch Penalty, a Warrant (hall be thereupon iflued for committing fuch Offender or Offenders, in the fame Form as the faid Warrant mil mentioned to the Words, ‘ I do therefore by thefe Prefents ;* which Words, and all from thence to the Words 4 difpofed of according to Law,’ indufive, (hall be omitted, and the Form following,' or iome other Form of Words to that or the like Effedt, (hall be inferted in their Place ; to wit, * And Whereas on the	Day	of

4 a Warrant was iffued to levy the laft mentioned Sum from the

*	Goods and Chattels of the faid Offender, and Goods and Chattels 4 of the faid Offender could not be found fufficient to anfwer the faid

*	Sum ; I do therefore hereby authorize and command you and each

*	of you to take the Body of the faid A» 0. wherefoever you (halt 4 find him in the faid County, and bring him before me the laid /• P. € or any other Magiftrate for the faid CountyAnd the Form of Committal for committing any fuch Offender to Prifon (hall follow the Form of fuch Warrant, fave only that the Dire&ion thereof (hall be to the proper Gaoler; and that from and after the Words € I do

*	therefore hereby authorize and command you,’ there (hall follow

*	thefe Words, 4 to receive into your Cuftody the Body of the faid

*	A. 0. and him or her fafely to keep until the faid Sum (hall be 4 paid. Given under my Hand and Seal, this

*	Day of	•	One	thoufand	eight	hundred

*	and

And each and every of the faid Forms, or any Form of Words to. the like EffeA refpe&ively, (hall be good and valid in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes.

LXVII. And be it further ena&ed, That if any fuch Convi&ioa as aforefaid (hall be affirmed at the Seffions, the Warrant or Warrants, Committal or Committals, for carrying the fame into Execution, (hall be granted by the Juftice or Juftices lo affirming the fame, or any of them, and (hall be iq the Forms here following refpeftively, or fome other Forms of Words of the fame Import refpe&ively:

4 County

AJXI8I&

58° GEO. III.

C.54.

211

* County of	to	wit.

‘ To M. and N. and each of them, their and each of their Affiftants.

*	WHEREAS on the	Day	of	in

€ the Year One thoufand eight hundred and	A. 0.

4 was duly convi&ed before /. P. one of the Ju dices of the Peace for

*	the faid County, for that he or (he, on the	Day of

4	at	in	the	faid	County,	did

* [ here Jbate the Offence] ; and thereupon the faid A. 0• became liable 4 to a Fine or Penalty of	Britifb Currency,

4 making the Sum of	Irtfb	Currency: And

4 Whereas the faid A. 0. appealed from the faid Convi&ion to the 4 Seffions, which hath affirmed the.fame with	Cods,

*	making together the faid Penalty the Sum of	:

*	Thefe are therefore to authorize aud command you and each of you 4 to take into your PoiTeilion the Goods and Chattels of the faid A. O. 1 or a Sufficiency thereof for levying the faid lad mentioned Sum 4 thereout, wherever you fhall find the faid Goods or Chattels in the 4 County aforefaid; and if the faid Goods and Chattels (hall not be 4 redeemed by the Payment olf the faid Sum within Four Days from 4 the Day of taking the fame, you are by Public Sale thereof to levy

*	the' faid Sum, rendering to the faid A. 0. the Overplus (if any) ;

4 and the faid Sum fo levied you (hall bring to us or to One of us, or 4 to me, [as the Cafe may be], without Delay, to be difpofed of 4 according to Law. Given under our Hands and Seals [or under 4 my Hand and Seal] this	Day	of	/

And if Goods and Chatters fufficient cannot be found to anfwer fuch Sum, a Warrant (hall be thereupon ifiued for committing fuch Offender, in the fame Form as the laid Warrant laft mentioned to the Words, 1 Thefe are therefore to authorize and command vou ;* which Words, and all from thence to the Words * difpofed of 4 according to Law/ inclufive, (hall be omitted, and the Form following, or fome other Form of Words to that or the like Efft&, (hall be inserted in their Place; to wit, 4 And Whereas on the 4	Day	of	a	Warrant was iiTued to levy the

4 faid laffc mentioned Sum from the Goods and Chattels of the faid 4 A. 0., and Goods and Chattels of the faid A. 0. could not be 4 fufficient to anfwer the faid Sum; we [or I] do therefore hereby 4 authorize and command you and each of you to take the Body of 4 the faid A. 0. wherefoever you (hall find him in the faid County, and

*	bring him before us [or me] And the Form of Committal for committing any fuch Offender to Prifon (hall follow the Form of fuch Warrant, fave only that the Direction thereof be to the proper Gaoler; and that from and after the Words, * We [or I] do there-4 fore hereby authorize and command you/ there (hall follow thefe Words, 4 to take into your Cuftody the Body of the faid A. 0.,

4 and him or her fafely keep, from the Date hereof, until the faid 4 Sum (hall be paid. Given under our Hands and Seals [or my 4 Hand and Seal] this	Day	of	:*

And each and every the faid Forms, or any Form of Words to the like Effe& refpe&ively, (hall be good and valid in the Law, to all Intents and Purpofes.

P 2

Form.

LXVIII. And

C. 54,

58* GEO. III..

A.D. 1818.

Copy of Con- ~ visions to be furniftied to the Colleftor.

Fee*

Tranfmitted to Commiffioners.

Penalty iol

Hit Majefty** Share of Penalties to be paid over,

(Exception,) to Colle&or of

Juftice negle&-ing,&c.

LXVIII. And be it further enabled, That every Clerk of the Peace in Ireland (hall, within One Calendar MonthTnext after any filch Convi&ion (hall have been tranfmitted to his Office, furnifh to the Colle&or of Excife, or other Officer in Charge of the Diftri€t in and for the County in which fuch Convi&ion (hall have been made, a Copy of fuch Convi&ion, figned by fuch Clerk of the Peace, for which he (hall receive from fuch Colle&or, or other Officer in Charge as aforefaid, the Sum of One Shilling, and no more s and every fuch Colle&or, or other Officer in Charge (hall forthwith tranfmit fuch Copy to the faid Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes; and if any fuch Clerk of the Peace, or Colle&or or other Officer in Charge as aforefaid, (hall negle& or omit fo to do refpe&ively, every Perfon fo offending (hall for every fuch . Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LXIX. And be it further ena&ed. That fuch Part, Share and Proportion as (hall be payable to His Majefty, His Heirs and Suc-ceffors, of, from or out of any Penalty or Fine payable or recoverable under this A&, or under any A& or A&s which (hall in any-wife relate to the Payment, Regulation or Colle&ion of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, (hall, unlefs othcrwife particularly dire&ed, within One Calendar Month next after the fame (hall be levied or received, be paid by the Juftice of the Peace, by whom the fame (hall have been fo levied or received, to the Colle&or

Penalty Sol. Juftices neglecting their Duty,

Penalty 40I.

Commiffioners may mitigate Penalties.

Penalties paid BritUh Currency.

of Inland Excife and Taxes, or other Chief Officer in Charge of the Diftri& in which the Offence was committed ; and if any fuch Juftice of the Peace (hall negle& or omit fo to pay over the lame, he (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LXX. And be it further ena&ed. That if any Juftice of the Peace, Magiftrate or Peace Officer in Ireland, (hall negle& or refufe in any Inftance to carry into Execution this A&, or any A& or A&s in force in Ireland relating in anywife to the Payment, Regulation or Colle&ion of. the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, or any of the Provifions of any fuch A& or A&s, upon proper Application made to him, fuch Juftice of the Peace, Magiftrate or Peace Officer (hall forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds for every fuch Negledt or Refufal.

LXXI. And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland\ or any Three of them, to abate, reduce or mitigate any Fine or Penalty which (hall at any time be impofed under the Authority of this A&, or under any A& or A&s in force in Ireland relating in anywife to the Payment, Regulation or Colle&ion of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them ; provided that every fuch Abatement, Redudion and Mitigation (hall be under and fubje& to all fuch Rules and Regulations as by any A6t or A&s in force in Ire* land any Fine or Penalty incurred for any Offence againft any A& or A&s relating to the Revenue of Excife (hall or may be abated, reduced or mitigated.

„ LXXII. And be it further ena&ed, That all and every the Fines and Penalties which (hall be incurred under this A&, or under any A& or A&s in force in Ireland in anywife relating to the Payment, Regulation or Colle&ion of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, (hall be paid and payable, and received and receivable, according to the Amount thereof in Briti/b Currency \ and that every

fuch

A.D.181#.

58° GEO. III.

C. 54.

213

fiich Fine or Penalty, not particularly direfted to be otherwife ap- Application plied, (hall be paid and diftributed, One Moiety thereof to the Ufe thereof, of His Majefty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, and the other Moiety to the Ufe of the Perfon fuing for the fame.

LXXIII. And be it further enafted, That all the Provifions, 5Xo.3.c.7«. Claufes, Rules, Regulations and Exemptions contained in an Aft extended to made in the Fifty fim Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reigh, intituled Aft.

An Aft for granting Exemptions in certain Cafes from the Payment of the Duties charged in refpeQ of Servants, Carriages, Horfes and Dogs kept in Great Britain and Ireland refpeQively, ftudl extend and be con. ftrued to extend to the feveral Rates, Duties and Taxes in refpeft of Servants, Carriages, Horfes and Dogs kept in Ireland, granted by this Adi and the Schedules thereto annexed, and to the feveral Rates, Duties and Taxes, in refpeft of Servants, Carriages, Horfes and Dogs kept in Great Britain, granted by any Aft or Adis in force in Great Britain at the time of the palling of this Aft, as fully and effeftualty to all Intents and Purpofes as if the faid Provifions}

Claufes, Rules, Regulations and Exemptions were repeated and re-enafted in this Aft.

* LXXIV. And in order to promote the Recovery of Perfons

*	afflifted with or labouring under contagious or infeftious Fever,

*	and the better to prevent the fpreading of*the fame in Ireland;9

Be it further enafted, That whenever it (nail be made appear to the Commiffioners Satisfaction of the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, in msydireft Ireland, by fuch Proof as the faid Com^Kfioners (hall require, that	to

the opening of any Window dr Windows which (hall nave been b* opened to flopped up, or the making of any new Window or Opening in any prevent Fever, Houfe, Outhoufe or Office is likely to paomote the Recovery of fuch and exempt fuch Perfon or Perfons, or to prevent the fpreading of fuch Fever, it (hall Houfe from ^ and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby	refP*®

authorized aud empowered to make fuch Rules and Regulations, and w Orders, and to give fuch Direftions from time to time, for the opening or making of any fuch Window and again flopping up the fame, and for exempting luch Houfe from any Charge in refjpeft of fuch Window, or for charging or furcharging fuch Houfe m refpeft of fuch Window, as to the faid Commiffioners (hall in their Dilcretion feem requifite and necefTary for the Recovery of fuch Perfon, or the preventing the fpreading of fuch Fever, and as may prevent Frauds under Pretext of opening fuch Window, or by keeping the fame open longer than (hall be requifite for the Purpofes a fore faid.

LXXV. And be it further enafted, That this Aft and all the Commencement Claufes and Provifions herein contained, fhall be deemed and taken of A&. to have commenced and take Effeft from and after the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen.

LXXV I. And be it further enafted, That this Aft may be Aft may be al-amended, altered or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be made in this &c* prefent Seffion of Parliament*	e

P S

SCHE

214

C. 54.

58° GEO. III.	A»D.	1818.

SCHEDULES to which this A£t refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

FIRE HEARTHS.

A SCHEDULE of the Rates, Duties and Taxes payable annually for and out of every Dwelling Houfe, in the whole of which, with	cyAy Outhoufe,	Office and Edifice appertaining or belonging

thereto, and hereinafter enumerated, there (hall be Four or more Fire Hearths or other Places for Firing, or Stoves.

*		DUTY.
•		Yearly Rate
		on the Houfe
		for the whole
		Number of
•		Hearths.
		/• d.
In refpeft of 4 - - - - -		O 12 O
5			0 17 6
6			i 4 0
7 ‘ - -		in 6
8			200
•  9			296
10 %		$ 00
11 -----		3116
12			440
13		4 17 6
14			5 12 0
15			6 7. 6
16 - - - - . -		7 4* 0
>7	'		8 1 6
18			900
*9			9 19 6
20 ♦		11 OO
21 - -		12 I 6
22 -		*340
23			14 7 6
• a4			15 is 0
25			16 17 6
26			1840
27 - -		19 11 6
28 - ....		21 0 0
And for and out of every Dwelling Houfe '		
in the whole of which, with every fuch		
Outhoufe, Office and Edifice appertain-		
ing thereto, there fhall be more than 28		
Fur Hearths or Stoves, or other Places		
for Firing, in refpe& of each and every	>	0 15 0
Fire Hearth or Stove, or other Place		
for Firing, in fuch Dwelling Houfe, Out*		
houfe, Office or Edifice appertaining thereto, there (hall be paid the yearly		
Sum of - - J		

RULES

58* GEO. III.

C. 54.

215

jSchedule (A.) —continued.

RULES for charging the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes.

Every Kitchen, Cellar, Scullery, Butlery, Pantry, Larder, Wafhhoufe, Bakehojife, Brewhoufe and Lodging Room, or Outhoufe or Office ufed as fuch, appertaining or belonging tp any Dwelling Houfe, whether the fame (hall be contiguous to or disjoined from fuch Dwelling Houfe, (hall be deemed and taken to be rart of fuch Dwelling Houfe; and all Hearths or other Places for Firing or Stoves therein, (hall be reckoned and included in the Number of Hearths in refpedt of which fuch Dwelling Houfe (hall be charged with the Rate, Duty or Tax.

And in all Cafes where there (hall be an internal Communication between any Two or more Houfes adjoining each other, fo as that the fame (hall be occupied by One Perfon and his or her Family, Inmates or Lodgers, the (aid Rates, Duties and Taxes (hall be charged as if fuch Houfes, with the Outhoufes, Offices and Edifices belonging or appertaining to each of them, were one Jioufe.

Where any Dwelling Houfe has been or (hall be divided into different Tenements, being di ft in 61 Properties, every fuch Tenement (hall be fubjed to the fame Duties as if the fame were One Houfe, which Duties (ball be paid by the Occupiers thereof refpe6tively.

EXEMPTIONS and ABATEMENTS from the faid Rates and

Duties.

His Majefty’s Caftle of Dublin, or any Houfe within the Circuit thereof, or any Houfe or Tenement provided for the Refidence of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or of the Under Secretaries in his Office ; and the College of tne Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin.

Anv Dwelling Houfe which after the Twenty feventh Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and eight, and before the Twentieth Day of June One tnoufand eight hundred and (ixteen, (hall have been built on and held together with any Farm in Ireland, containing not lefs than Ten Acres Iri(h Plantation Meafure ; and in the whole of which Dwelling Houfe, with-every Outhoufe or Edifice appertaining thereto, there (hall not have been nor (hall be more than Four Fire Hearths or Stoves, or other Places for Firing, (hall be exempted from any Duty in refpedt thereof, from the time when fuch Dwelling Houfe (nail have been fir ft occupied; until the Fifth Day of January next after the End of Seven Years from the time of fuch firft Occupation ; provided that fuch Dwelling Houfe (hall have been and (hall be occupied together with fuch Farm ; and in cafe fuch Houfe (hall not be lo occupied therewith, the fame Dwelling Houfe, with every fuch Outhoufe, Office or Edifice appertaining thereto as aforefaid, and the Occupier thereof (hall be chargeable with the Rates, Duties and Taxes in refpe6fc of Fire Hearths or Stoves or other Firing Places therein refpedively, on and from the Sixth Day of January in the Year in which fuch Dwelling Houfe (hall ceafe to be occupied with fuch Farm, and from thenceforward (hall not be entitled to any fuch Exemption.

Any newly built Houfe or newly built Addition to a Houfe, which (hall not be ufed or inhabited, and where any newly built

P 4	Houfe,

216

C. 54.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

Schedule (A.) — continued*

Houle, or any newly built Addition to a Houfe, (hall be ufed or in* habited in Part only, the Remainder thereof being unfit-for Ufe or Habitation, fuch Houfe (hall be charged only in refpeft of the Fire Hearths in fuch Parts thereof as (hall be ufed or inhabited.

,Any Oven or any fixed Boiler in any Dwelling Houfe, Outhoufe, Office or Edifice appertaining thereto, (hall be exempted from the faid Duty on Fire Hearths.

Any Houfe (ituate within the Diftrift of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within any City or Town, and containing Six Hearths or upwards, in which no Shop (hall be kept for the Sale of any Goods, or in which no Spirituous or other Liquors (hall be fold, and which (hall be wholly let for Lodgings, or occupied by Lodgers, each Lodging let to or occupied by one Perfon or Family, and fuch Lodging not confiding of more than One Room, and the Lodger therein not being provided, by the Perfon letting fuch Lodging, with Diet or other Accommodation, (hall not be charged with any higher Rate than Two Shillings for each Hearth or Fire Place therein.

Any Houfe (ituate within the Didrift of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within any City or Town, and containing Eight Hearths or upwards, the greater Part of the Rooms in which (hall be let to or occupied by Lodgers, each Lodger not occupying more than One Room, and not being provided by the Perfon letting fuch Lodging with Diet or other Accommodation, though fuch Houfe (hall be partly inhabited by the Owner, (hall not be charged with any higher Dpty than Two Shillings for each Hearth or Fire Place.

Any Hofpital, Houfe provided for the Reception and Relief of poor Perfons, Charity School, Gaol, Prifon, or Seffious Houfe, Hall, Office, or other Public Building whatever in Ireland, (hall not be charged in refpeft of Hearths therein, otherwife than in manner hereinafter mentioned ; that is to f$y, all the Dwelling Rooms and Apartments in any fuch Public Building, being occupied by any Officer, Mader, Midrefs, or Superintendant of or belonging to or employed in the fame, or by any- Servant of fuch Officer, Mader, Midrefs or Superintendant, (hall be deemed Dwelling Houfes, and (hall be liable to the Tax on Hearths accordingly; .and the Perfons refpeftively by whom or by whofe Servants fuch Rooms or Apartments are or (hall be inhabited, (hall be chargeable with and liable to pay the faid Tax as Occupiers of Houfes are by Law chargeable with and liable to pay the fame.

Every Houfe which (hall be unoccupied from and after the Fifth Day of January in any Year, until and at the time of making the Afleflinent, (hall be inferted and deferibed as fuch in the Afleflinent, with the Number of Hearths and other Places for Firing and Stoves therein, with the Outhoufes, Offices and Edifices appertaining thereto as aforefaid; and if fuch Houfe (hall continue wholly unoccupied during the whole of fuch Year, it (hall and may be lawful for the Commifiioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Three of them, upon due Proof of the Faft, made to their Satisfaftion, to difeharge fuch Houfe from the Hearth Tax, chargeable thereon for fuch Year; and if any Perfon (hall in the Courfe of fuch Year come into the Occupation of any Houfe which (hall be fo inferted and deferibed in the Afleflment made in refpeft of fuch Houfe for fuch Year, every fuch Perfon (hall caufe a Notice thereof in Writing to be given to the

Colleftor

A.D. 1818*

58° GEO. III.

C. 5*.

217

Schedule ( A.) — continued.

Colleftor of Inland Excife of the DiftriA in which fuch Houfe (hall be fituate, or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of fuch Diftri£t, within Twenty Days next after the time when fuch Perfon (hall firft occupy fuch Houfe ; and every Perfon who (hall negleC to give fuch Notice within the time aforefaid (hall be liable to be charged with and (hall pay the Rates, Duties and Taxes for Hearths, Firing Places and Stoves with which fuch Houfe (hall be chargeable and charged and affeffed for the whole Year in which the fame became fo occupied: Provided always, that if the Perfon who (hall fo occupy any fuch Houfe (hall give fuch Notice, the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes (hall be payable only from the time when fuch Perfon (hall firft occupy fuch Houfe according to the Rates aforefaid, proportioned to and eftinuted on the Period of fuch Year remaining unexpired at the time of fuch firft Occupation ; and when a Tenant of any Houfe (hall after the Afleflment of the fame quit fuch Houfe on the Determination of the Leafe or Demife thereof, and Notice thereof in Writing (hall within Twenty Days next after be given by fuch Perfon, or by the Owner or Landlord of fuch Houle to the Colle&or of Excife of the Diftri& in which fuch Houfe (hall be fituate, or other Officer in Charge of fuch Colle&ion, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners or any Three of them to difeharge fuch Houfe from or to repay a rateable- Proportion of the laid Rates or Duties for the Remainder of fuch Year, in cafe it (hall appear to the faid Commiffioners that fuch Houfe (hall have continued wholly unoccupied for and during the Remainder of fuch Year.

SCHEDULE (B.)

WINDOWS.

A SCHEDULE of the Rates, Duties, and Taxes payable annually for and out of every Dwelling Houfe, with the Outhoufes, Offices and Edifices appertaining or belonging thereto, and hereinafter enumerated, having more than Six Windows or Lights.

	£• /• dm.
In refpe& of 7 Windows or Lights	0 15 0
• 8	146
9 - . -	1 11 6
10 • *	2 2 0
11	2 14 6
12	3 7 0
13 -	3 19 6
14 . -	4 12 6
15 -	5 5 0
16	5 18 0
*7	610 6
18	7 3 0
i9 -	7 15 6
20 - -	8 8 6
21 -	9 1 0
22	9 13 6
a3 -	10 6 6
24 -	10 18 6
25 -	11 11 ' 6*
26	12 4 0

219	C.	54.	58°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1818.

Schedule (B.) — continued.

In refpe& of 27 Windows or Lights		£.t. J. { 12 16 6
28		13 19 6 i
29		14 2 0 '
30	- . -	14 14 6
3*		*5 7°
32		*5 *9 6
33		10 12 0
34		17 5 0
35		17 17 6
36 .		18 10 0
37		19 3 0
38 *		19 1 6
39 -,		20 8 0
40 to 44		21 13 0
45 to 49		23 15 0
50 to 54		2 5*7 «
55 to 59		27 19 6
60 to 64		29 16 6
65 to 69		31 10 6
70 to 74		33 3 <5
75 to 79		34 *7 «
80 to 84		36 11 0
85 to 89		38 5 0
90 to 94	► inclufive in all Cafes	39 >8 6
95 to 99		41 12 p
IOO to 109		44 3 0
110 to 119		47 10 0
120 tO I29		.50 17 6
13° to 139	. -	54 4 6
140 to 149		57 12 0 1
150 to 1£9		60 19 D !
160 to 169		64 6 6
170 to 179		67 14 0
180	-	69.17 0
And for every fuch Dwelling Houfe which (hall contain more than 180 Windows or Lights, for every Window or Light exceeding the Number of 180			023

RULES for charging the faid Rates, Duties, and Taxes.

All Windows or Lights in fuch Dwelling Houfe, with the Out* lioufes, Offices and Edifices appertaining or belonging thereto, and all Sky Lights, and all Windows or Lights in any Stair Cafe, Garret, Cellar, Paftage or other Part or Place of or belonging to any Dwelling Houfe, to what Ufe or Purpofe foeter applied, fhall be reckoned and included in the Number of Windows or Lights in refpeft of which fueh Dwelling Houfe (hall be charged with the foregoing Rates, Duties or Taxes.

Every Kitchen, Cellar, Scullery, Buttery, Pantry, Larder, Walk ltoufe, Bakehoufe, Brewhoufe, and Lodging Room, or Outhoufe or

fy	Office

58® GEO. III.

e. 54.

2MJ

Schedule (B«)— continued•

Office ufed as fuch, appertaining or belonging to any Dwelling Hpufe, whether the fame (hall be contiguous to or disjoined from fuch Dwelling Houfe, (hall be deemed and taken to be Part of fuch Dwelling Houfe $ and all Windows or Lights therein fhall be reckoned and included in the Number of Windows or Lights in refped of which fuch Dwelling Houfe fhall be charged with tne Rate, Duty or Tax.

In all Cafes where there fhall be an internal Communication be* tween any Two or more Houfes adjoining each other, fo as that the fame fhall be occupied by One Perfon, and his or her Family, Inmates or Lodgers, the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes fhall be charged as if fuch Houfes, with the Outhoufes, Offices and Edifices belonging or appertaining to each of them, were One Houfe.

When a Partition or Divifion in any Window or Light between Two or more Windows or Lights fixed in any one Frame fhall be of the Breadth or Space of Twelve Inches or more, the Window or Light on each Side of fuch Partition or Divifion fhall be deemed as a diftinft Window or Light, and fhall be rated accordingly: Provided always, that every Window in a Frame, which is or fhall be extended into a greater Number of Rooms, Apartments, Landings or Lobbies than One, fhall be reckoned and charged for fo many feparate Windows as there are Rooms, Apartments, Landings or Lobbies into which the fame (hall be extended.

Where any Dwelling Houfe has been or fhall be divided into different Tenements, being diftind Properties, every fuch Tenement /Hall be fubjed to the fame Duties as if the fame were One Houfe ; which Duties fhall be paid by the Occupiers of every fuch Tenement refpedively.

EXEMPTIONS and ABATEMENTS from the faid Rates and

Duties.

His Majefty’s CafUp of Dublin, and any Houfe within the Circuit thereof, and any Houfe or Tenement for the Reiidence of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or of the Under Secretaries in his Office, and the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin.

Any Warehoufe being a diftind and feparate Building, and not a Part or Parcel of the I)welling Houfe, nor occupied in part or in the whole as a Dwelling Houfe, but employed folely for the Purpofe of lodging Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or for carrying on (ome Manufodure or Trade, although the fame may adjoin to or have internal Communication with the Dwelling Houfe.

Any Window or Light in any Room ufed wholly for the Purpofe of carrying on any Manufadure therein, and not having any internal Communication with a Dwelling Houfe, or any Part thereof, although fuch Room (hall adjoin to fuch Dwelling Houfe, or be in other refpeds a Part thereof.

Any Dwelling Houfe which after the Twenty feventh Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and eight, and before the Twentieth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, (hall have been built on and held together with any Farm in Ireland, containing not lefs than Ten Acres Iri(h Plantation Meafure, and in the whole of

which

220

C.5L

58® GEO. III.

A.D.181&

Schedule ( B.) — continued.

which Dwelling Houfe, with every Outhoufe, Office or Edifice appertaining thereto, there (hall not have been nor (hall be more than Four Fire Hearths or Stoves c* other Place? for Firing, (hall be exempted from any Duty in refpeft of Windows or Lights from the time when fuch Dwelling Houle (hall have been.firft occupied, until the Fifth Day of January next after the End of Seven Years from the time of fuch firft Occupation: Provided, that fuch Dwelling Houfe (hall have been and (hall be occupied together with fuch Farm ; and in cafe fuch Houfe (hall not be fo occupied therewith, the faid Dwelling Houfe, with any Outhoufe, Office or Edifice appertaining thereto as aforefaid, and the Occupier thereof, (hall be chargeable with Rates, Duties and Taxes, in refpe& of Windows or Lights therein refpe&ively, on and from the Sixth Day of January in tiie Year in which fuch Dwelling Houfe (hall ceafe to be occupied witn fuch Farm, and from thenceforward (hall not be entitled to any fuch Exemption.

Any newly built Houfe or newly built Addition to a Houfe which (hall not be ufcd or inhabited, and wher* any newly built Houfe, or any newly built Addition to a Houfe, (hall be ufed or inhabited in Part only, the Remainder thereof being unfit for Ufe or Habitation, fuch Houfe (hall be charged only in refpe£f of the Windows or Lights in fuch Parts thereof as (hail be ufed or inhabited.

Any Houfe containing Eight Windows or upwards, the Whole or the greater Part of the Rooms of which (hall be let to or occupied by Lodgers, and each Lodger not occupying more than One Room* and not being provided by the Perfon letting fuch Lodging with Diet or other Accommodation, (hall not be charged with any higher Duty than One Shilling for each Window or Light, provided that each Window and Light in the Room of every fuch Lodger (hall be fo conftrufted as to open and (hut, fo that the fame may ventilate the Apartment in which each fuch Window (hall be.

Any Hofpital, Houfe provided for the Receptiop and Relief of poor rerfons, Charity School) Gaol, Prifon, Seffions Houfe, Hall, Office or Public Building whatfoever in Ireland, (hall not be charged in refpeft of Windows therein, otherwife than in manner hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay, all the Dwelling Rooms or«Apartments in any fuch Public Building being occupied by any Officer, Mafter, Mi ft refs or Superintendant of or belonging to or employed in the fame, or by any Servant of fuch Officer or Perfon as aforefaid'; and the Officers or Perfons refpe&ively by whom or by whofe Servants fuch Rooms or Apartments are or (hall be inhabited, (hall be chargeable with and liable to pay the faid Taxes as Occupiers of Houles are by Law chargeable with and liable to pay the fame.	*	■*

Wnere any Window or Light in any Dwelling Houfe (hall be occupied with or ufed for a Loom which (hall be Handing at or under fuch .Window or Light, and really ufed in Weaving, no Duty (hall be charged in refpeft of fuch Window.

Any Dwelling Houfe wholly occupied during the whole of any Year on and from the Sixth Day of January in fuch Year to the Fifth Day of January in the Year following, as a Boarding School for the Education of Children, and kept by a Perfon licenfcd to keep a School by the Ordinary of the Diocefe, or the Juftices at Seffions,

(hall

A.D.1818.

58® CyEO. III.

C. 54.

221

. Schedule ( B-)—continued•

fhall not be charged with any higher Rate than One Shilling for each Window or Light therein * provided that if the faid Rate of One Shilling for each Window (hall have been paid in any Yeary and that fuch Houfe fhall ceafe to be fo occupied and kept as aforefaid within the Year for which fuch Rate fhall nave been paid, Credit fhall be given for the Sum fo paid out of the Charge to which fuch Houfe fhall become liable in confequence of ceafing to be occupied and kept as above mentioned.

Every Houfe which fhall be unoccupied from and after the Fifth Day of January in any Year until and. at the time of making the AfTefTment, fhall be inserted and defcribed as fuch in the AfTefTment, with the Number of Windows or Lights therein, with the Out-houfes, Offices, and Edifices appertaining thereto as aforefaid ? and if fuch Houfe (hall continue wholly unoccupied during the whole of fuch Year, it fhall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Three of them, upon due Proof of the FaA made to their SatisfaAio.nrto difcharge fuch Houf^from the Window Taxes chargeable thereon for fuch Year; and if any Perfon fhall in the Courfe of. fuch Year come into the Occupation of any Houfe-which fhall be fo inferted and defcribed in the AfTefTment made in refpeA of fuch Houfe for fuch Year, every fuch Perfon fhall caufe a Notice thereof in Writing to be given to the Colic Aor of Excife of the DiftriA in which fuch Houfe fhall be fituate, or other Officer in Charge of the ColleAion of fuch DiftriA within Twenty Days next after the time when fuch Perfon fhall firft occupy fuch Houfe ; and every Perfon who fhall negleA to give fuch Notice within the time aforefaid, fhall be liable to be charged with and fhall pay the Rates and Taxes for Windows or	which	fuch	Houfe	fhall be

chargeable and charged and	the whole Year in which the

fame became fo occupied : Provided always, that if the Perfon who (hall fo occupy any fuch Houfe fhall give fuch Notice, the faid. Rates, Duties and Taxes fhall be payable only from the time when fuch Perfon fhall firft occupy fuch Houfe, according to the Rates aforefaid, proportioned to and eftimated on the Period of fuch Year remaining unexpired at the time of fuch firft Occupation ; and when a Tenant of any Houfe fhall after the AfTefTment of the fame quit fuch Houfe on the Determination of the Leafe or Demife thereof, and Notice thereof in Writing fhall within Twenty Days next after be given by fuch Perfon, or by the Owner or Landlord of fuch Houfe, to the ColleAor of Excife of the DiftriA in which fuch Houfe fhall be fituate, or other Officer in Charge of fuch ColleAjon, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Commimoners or any Three of them to difcharge fuch Houfe from or to repay a rateable Proportion of the faid Rates or Duties for the Remainder of fuch Year, in cafe it fhall appear to the faid Commiffioners that fuch Houfe fhall have continued wholly unoccupied for and during the. Remainder of fuch Year.

If Proof (hall be made in the manner herein direAed to the Satis-faAion of the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, that any Perfon or umber of Perfons in Partnership together refpeAively occupy a Tenement or Building (although the fame fhall have been prcvioufly occupied as a D

222

C. 54.

58° GEGL III,

A.D. 1818-

Schedule (B.) — continued*

Houfe} as a Houfe for the Purpofes of Trade only, or as a Ware* houfe for the foie Purpcfc of lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize therein, or as a Shop or Counting Houfe, no Perfon inhabiting or dwelling or abiding therein, except in the Day time only for the Purpofe of fuch Trade, fuch Perfon, or each of fuch Perfons in Part-ner/hip refpectively, redding in a feparate and diftinCt Dwelling Houfe, or Part of a Duelling Houfe charged with the Duties on Windows or Lights, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, according to the Provifions hereafter fpecified, to difeharge the Af-feffment made in refpedt of fuch Tenement or -Building which (hall be fo ufed for the Purpofe of Trade, or fo employed as a Warehouse for the foie Purpofe of lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize therein, or as a Shop or Counting Houfe.

All fuch Tenements or Buildings, whether employed wholly for the PurpofeB of Trade, or as Warehoufes for the foie Purpofe of lodging Goods,* Wares or Merchandize therein, or as Shops or Counting Houles? may be brought into Afleflment as Dwelling Houfes; and every Perfon intending to be relieved from any fuch Afleffment (hall give Notice thereof to fome afleffing Officer of the DiftriCt or Walk where any fuch Tenement or Building (hall be fituate, and at the fame time deliver a Declaration in Writing dating the Pariih or Place where the Dwelling Houfe or Dwelling Houfes, or Part of a Dwelling Houfe ufed as the Refidence of him, her or them, or his, her or their Family or Families, are refpe&ively fituate; and any afieffing Officer of fuch Walk or Diftrid, who by means of fuch Notice or* other wife (hall have Information of fuch Claim being made, (hall from time to time and at all times in the Day time be admitted to infpeCl and furvey the Tenement or Budding deferibed to be fo employed for the Purpofes of Trade, as well internally as externally, and (hall inquire and examine into the Ufes and Purpofes to which fuch Tenement or Building is or lias been employed; and if after any fuch Claim made, or before or after Allowance thereof, it (hall be difcovered<that the fame Tenement or Building hath been employed for any other Ufe than for the Purpofes of Trade, or as a Warehoufe for lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or as a Shop or Counting Houfe, or that any Perfon doth inhabit or dwell therein, except as aforefaid; then and in fuch Cafe the faid Tenement or Building (hall be affefled and charged as a Dwelling Houfe to the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, in refpeft of the Windows or Lights therein, notwithftanding fuch Claim, or any thing herein contained to the contrary.

If the Owner or Occupier of any Mill or Place of Manufacture or Trade, or Warehoufe not being Part or Parcel of any Dwelling Houfe, nor occupied in part or in the whole as a Dwelling Houfe, but employed folely for the Purpofe of lodging Goods, Wares and Merchandize, or for the Purpole of carrying on fome Manufa&ure or Trade, (hall be authorized by Licence figned by the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, upon Application made to them by fuch Owner or Occupier, to appoint any One or more of the Servants of fuch Owner or Occupier named in fuch Licence to watch and guard the faid Mill or Place of .Ma'

nufa&ure

A.D.1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. 54,

223

Schedule (B.) — continued*

nufa&ure or Trade or Warehoufe in the Night time, in fuch Cafe the abiding of fuch licenfed Servant therein, for the Purpofe of watching and guarding the fame, (hall not render the Owner or Occupiers thereof liable to any of the Duties on fuch Mill or Place of Manu-fadture or Trade or Warehoufe, in refpe& of the Windows or Lights therein.

SCHEDULE (C.)

MALE SERVANTS.

A SCHEDULE of the Rates, Duties and Taxes payable annually for or in refpedl of every Male Servant retained or employed by any Perfon or Perfons.

NUMBER THEREOF.	Duty.
	£* /• d.
In refpedl of i fuch Servant	2 2 0
2 ...	5 5 0
3 ...	8 8 o
4	12 o o
5 and upwards	15 l5 °
And for each and every Servant exceeding the	
Number of Five, the further Sum of	440

RULES for charging the faid Duties.

The faid Duties (hall be paid by the Perfon who (hall retain or employ fuch Male Servant or Servants, and (hall be paid for every Male Servant who (hall be retained or employed by any Perfon, at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Sixth Day of January in the Year following, in any of the following Capacities; that is to fay, Maitre d* Hotel, Houfe Steward, Mailer of the Horfe, Groom ot the Chamber, Valet de Chambre, Butler, Under Butler, Clerk of the Kitchen, Confectioner, Cook, Houfe Porter, Footman, Running Footman, Coachman, Groom, Poitillion, Stable Boy or Helper in the Stables, Gardener, Park Keeper, Game Keeper, Huntfman or Whipper in, or by whatever Name or Names Male Servants, really adting in any of the faid Capacities, (hall be called or known, or whether fuch Male Servants (hall have been or (hall be retained or employed in one or more of the faid Capacities, or in any other Buiinefs, jointly with any one or more of the fame; and for every Servant hired by the Year with any Carriage or Horfes, the Tax on fuch Servant fo hired (hall be charged and chargeable on the Perfon who (hall ufe fuch Servant on Hire with any Carriage and Horfes as aforefaid.

EXEMPTIONS from the faid Rates and Duties.

Any Servant who (haU be really retained or employed folely for the Purpofe of Hulbandry or Manufacture, or of any Trade or Calling by which the Mailer dr Miftrefs of fuch Servant (hall earn a Livelihood or Profit.

Any

224

C. 54,

58* GEO. III.

A.D. 1818-

Schedule (C.) continued*

‘ Any Servant of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or of the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin, or any Servant of the Royal Holpital near Kilmainham, or of the Blue Coat Hofpital or Lying in Hofpital in Dublin, or of any Hofpital or Charitable Inttitution.

One Servant of any Officer ferving in any Regiment of Horfe or Dragoons, under the Rank or not receiving the Pay of a Field Officer, provided fuch Officer retains no more than one Servant; and any Servant of any Officer ferving in any Regiment of Artillery, Infantry or Marines, or Corps of Engineers, fuch Servant being a&ually a Soldier in the Regiment or Company to which fuch Officer (hall belong; and any Servant of any Officer in His Majefty’s Navy, under the Rank of a Matter and Commander in a&ual Employment, fuch Servant being borne upon the Books of the Ship to which fuch Officer (hall belong.

Any Boy apprenticed to ferve for any Term not exceeding Seven Years, by the Foundling Hofpital, the Incorporated Society for promoting Englifh Proteftant Schools in Ireland, the Hibernian School for Soldiers* Children, the Hibernian Marine Society or any Society or Charitable Iuftitution in Ireland for the Care and Education of Children, fupported in the whole or in part by Public Money or Aifellment.

SCHEDULE (D.) CLERKS AND SHOPMEN.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for any Male Perfon retained or employed in the feveral Capacities after mentioned:

For every Male Perfon employed by any Perfon inTrade,orexerci(ing any Profeffion whatever, as a Clerk oi* Book Keeper, or Office Keeper (except Apprentices, for or with whom no Sum, or no Sums higher than Twenty Pounds, has been paid or contra&ed for as a Fee or Reward), the yearly Sum of -For every Male Perfon employed by any Perfon in Trade as a Shopman (except Apprentices as aforefaid), for the Purpofe of expof-ing to Sale, or felling Goods, Wares or Merchandize in any Shop or Warehoufc, whether by Wholefale or Retail, the yearly Sum of -

jff. /. d.

I

2 ' O O !

2 0 0

RULES for charging the faid Duties.

The faid Duties (hall be paid by the Perfon or Perfons who (hall retain or employ fuch Male Perfon or Perfons, and (hall be paid for every Perfon who (hall be retained or employed in any of the faid Capacities, by any Perfon or Perfons, at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Sixth Day of January in the Year following.

SCHE-

A.D. 1818.

58° GEO. III.

C.5 4.

225

SCHEDULE (E.) CARRIAGES.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for or in refpedfc of all Carnages of any of the Descriptions after mentioned. „

NUMBER OF CARRIAGES.	Amount of the Duty.
For Carriages with Four Wheels :	£. /. d.
For I fuch Carriage the annual Sum of .. ..	IO o o
2 -	22 O O
3 -	33 o o
5 and upwards - -	45 o o  57 0 0
And for each and every fuch Carriage exceeding the Number of Five,	j §
the further Sum of ----- -	12 O O
And for every additional Body for the fame Carriage, the further an-	
nual Sum of -	5 5°
For Carriages with lefs than Four Wheels;	
For every fuch Carriage drawn by One Horfe, Mare, Gelding or	
Mule, and no more - - - ...	c c o
And for every fuch Carriage drawn by Two or more Horfes, Mares,	j j
Geldings or Mules -	900
And for every additional Body for the fame Carriage, the further	
Sum of- - .....	3 3 0
For every Car or Carriage fitted up for carrying Perfons, commonly	
known by the Name of a Jaunting Car, with not more than Two	
Wheels, and drawn only by One Horfe, Mare, Gelding or Mule	220

RULES for charging the faid Duties.

The faid Duties (hall be refpe&ively charged for every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calafh, Chaife Marine, Chaife, Sociable or Caravan, or other Carriage of the like kind, with Four Wheels ; and for every Calaih, Chaife Marine, Chaife, Curricle, Chair or Jaunting Car, or Pleafure Car, with lefs than Four Wheels, or other Carriages of the like kind ; and for any Number of fuch Carriages refpe&ively, which any Perfon (hall have or keep at any time, between the Fifth * Day of January in any Year, and the Sixth Day of January in the Year next following; and which Rates, Duties and Taxes (hall be refpe&ively paid by the Perfon or Perfona having or keeping any fuch Carriage.

Any Perfon who (hall have in his or her Poffeffion, Care or Keeping, any Carriage whatever, chargeable with any Rate, Duty or Tax, the Rate, Duty or Tax on which (hall not have been charged on or paid by the Owner of fuch Carriage, (hall and may be chargeable and charged with, and (hall pay the Rate, Duty and Tax payable for fuch Carriage, in the fame manner as fuch Owner is or ought to be charged or chargeable for the fame; and it (hall and may be lawful to collect and levy fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from ,58 Geo. III.	Q	every

226

C. 54.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Schedule (E.)—continued. every fuch Perfon, in the fame manner, and with the like Powers and Authorities, as it would he lawful to collect and levy fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes, of and from the Owner of fuch Carriage if the fame was in the Pofleffion of fuch Owner; and Proof of the Payment of the Rate, Duty or Tax for and in refpeft of fuch Carriage by the Owner thereof, {hall lie on the Perfon who (hall keep or have the fame in his or her PofTeflion ; and the Perfon fo paying the fame for or on behalf of the Owner as aforefaid, (hall have a Lien on the faid Carriage for the Amount of the Sum which (hall have been fo paid for or on behalf of fuch Owner.

EXEMPTIONS and ABATEMENTS from the faid Rate, and

Duties.

Stage Coaches, Hackney Coaches, and other Hackney Carriages, Coaches, Chaifes and other Carriages kept for Hire by any Innkeeper or Perfon licenfed to let and letting out Horfes to travel Poft by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage ; and fuch Carriage kept for no other Purpofe but to he let for Hire to travel Poft by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, and having the Owner’s Name legibly painted on the Outfide of the Door Pannel or Shafts of the fame, as the Cafe may be.

Coaches, Chaifes or other Carriages kept to be let for Hire, for and in refpe& whereof any Rate, Duty or Tax applicable to local Purpofes in Ireland, (hall have been impofed by any A& or A&. of Parliament in force in Ireland; and which Rate, Duty or Tax (hail be annually paid by the Owner.

Carriages kept lor Sale by the Makers thereof, until the fame fhaH have been fold or ufed.

Any Perfon who is or (hall be duly licenfed to carry on the Trade of a Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, and any Perfon who is or (hall be duly licenfed to carry on the Trade of felling Carriage, by Au&ion or on Commiffion, (hall not be chargeable with the Rate, Duty or Tax for or in refpeA of any Carriage in the Cuftody or Pof-feflion of fuch Coachmaker or Maker or Seller of Carriage, refpec-tively bona fide for Sale; nor (hall the Owner or Proprietor of any fuch Carriage be chargeable; provided that every fuch Carriage (hall have been a&ually delivered into the Manufa&ory of fuch Coachmaker or Maker or Seller of Carriages on or before the Sixth Day of January in any Year for which fuch Carriage would be otherwife chargeable, and (hall have from thence continually remained there.

Whenever any Perfon who (hall have paid the Duty or Tax .on any Carriage kept by fuch Perfon, (hall part with fuch Carriage in the Courfe of any Year, beginning on the Sixth Day of January, and (hall in lieu thereof receive and keep any other Carriage of the like Kind or Description, or any Carriage chargeable with a lower Rate, Duty or Tax than fuch Perfon had paid for the Carriage parted with, fhaU not be chargeable with the Rate, Duty or Tax, in refpeft of fuch fecond Carnage fo received in lieu of fuch former one, lor the Year ending the Fifth Day of January next after the receiving of fuch Second Carriage.

When

A.D. 1818.

58» GEO. III.

C. 54«

227

Schedule ( E.) — continued*

When any Perfon (hall have paid the Rate, Duty or Tax on any Carriage kept by fuch Perfon, and (hall part with fuch Carriage in the Courfe of any Year, beginning on the Sixth Day of January, and (hall in lieu thereof receive and keep any Carriage chargeable with a higher Rate, Duty or Tax than fuch Perfon had paid for the Carriage which fuch Perfon had fo parted with, every fuch Perfon (hall be allowed Credit for the Sum fo paid out of the Rate, Duty or Tax chargeable in refped of fuch Second Carriage fo received in lieu of fuch former one, for the Year ending the Fifth Day of January next after the receiving fuch Second Carriage; provided that fuch Perfon (hall not at one and the fame time have had or kept both the (aid Carriages ; and it (hall and may be lawful for the Coramif-fionera of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, after the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, and fo in like manner after the Fifth Day of January in any fubfequent Year, to make any Repayment of the Rates, Duties or 'Taxes which any Perfon (hall have paid or (hall pay in refpeft of any Oiriage which fuch Perfon had or (hall have or keep in his or her Toflei£>n in the Year ending the faid Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, or in any filblequeat Year ending the Fifth Day of January, upon Proof being made to the Satisfa&ion of the faid Commiffioners that fuch Carriage was not in any manner whatever ufed at any time or times in the Year ending the Fifth Day of January, in refped of which Year fuch Repayment (hall be claimed by fuch Perfon ; and every fuch Repayment (hall be made at the Difcrerion of the faid Commifiioners, and in fuch manner and under fuch Conditions and Regulations as they or any Three of them (hall dired op appoint.

SCHEDULE (F.)

A SCHEDULE of the Rates, Duties and Taxes on Carriages chargeable on and payable by the Makers and Sellers thereof.

For and upon every Carriage chargeable with any Rate, Duty or Tax, which any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages (hall make, build or conftrfld for Sale, and for every Carriage fo chargeable which (hall be fold by any Perfon in Ireland, or on Commiffion, rile feverai and refpe dive Sums following ; that is to fay.

For every fuch Carriage with Four Wheels, the Sum of

For every fuch Carriage with lefs than Four Wheels, the Sum of

£. e. d.

i o o o 10 o

To be paid by the Coachmaker or Maker thereof refpedively, Au&ioneer or Perfon felling the fame refpedively, over and above all Duties on fuch Sale.

Q*

SCHEDULE

228

C. 54.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

SCHEDULE (G.)

HORSES.

A SCHEDULE of the Rates, Duties and Taxes payable annually for and in refpedl of all Horfes, Mares and Geldings kept by any Perfon or Perfona, for Riding, or for drawing any Carriage chargeable with Duty, at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Sixth Day of January in the Year following.

NUMBER OF HORSES.	Duty.
	£• S • (&•
For i fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding ....	2 2 0
2 - - ....	6 6 o
3 ' - -	990
4 - - -	16 16 a
5 and upwards - -	21 o o
And for each and every Horfe exceeding the Number of Five, the	
further Sum of	4 4 0

RULES for charging the faid DUTIES.

Any Perfon who (hall have in his or her Pofleflion, Care or Keeping, any Horfe, Mare or Gelding whatfoever chargeable with any Rate, Duty or Tax, the Rates, Duties or Taxes on which fhall not have been Charged on or paid by the Owner of fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding, fhall and may be chargeable and charged with, and fhall pay the Rate, Duty and Tax payable for fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding, in the fame manner as fuch Owner is chargeable for the fame ; and it mall and may be lawful to colle& and levy fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from every fuch Perfon, in the fame manner and with the like Powers and Authorities as it would be lawful to colle& and levy fuch Rates,.Duties and Taxes of and from the Owner of fuch Horfe, -Mare or Gelding, if the fame was in the PofTeffion of fuch Owner; and Proof of the Payment of the Rate, Duty or Tax for and in re-fpe& of fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding, by the Owner thereof, (hall lie on the Perfon who (hall keep or have the fame in his or her Poflcf-fion ; and the Perfon fo paying the fame for or on behalf of the Owner as aforefaid (hall have a Lien on the faid Horfe, Mare or Gelding, for the Amount of the Sum which (hall have been fo paid for or on behalf of fuch Owner.

EXEMPTIONS from the faid Rates and Duties.

Race Horfes charged in Schedule (H.)

Any Horfe, Mare or Gelding under Three Years old.

Any Horfe, Mare or Gelding ufed truly and without Fraud, for the Purpofe of Hu(bandry only, on Land occupied by the Owner of fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding, or for the Purpofe of drawing any Waggon, Cart or Carriage not liable to Duty under this A&, or carrying Burthens in the Courfe of the Trade or Occupation of the Perion or Perfons to whom fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding (hall belong, although fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding (hall be ufed for Riding on the Occafion and in the manner hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay, when returning from any Place to which any Load oi Burthen (hall have, by fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding, been drawn

or

58® GEO. III.

C. 54.

22 9

Schedule ( G.) — continued. or carried, or when going to any Place from whence any Load or Burthen ihall be to be brought back by any fuch Horfe, • Mare or Gelding, or for the Purpofe of procuring Medical Afliftance, or for the Purpofe.of going to and from Market, or to or from any Place of Public Worftiip, or to or from any Ele&ion of any Member to ferve in Parliament, or to or from any Court of Juftice ; provided fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding /hall not on any Occalion be ufed for any other Purpofe.

One Horfe, Mare or Gelding ufed by any Perfon occupying a Farm, and making a Livelihood folely thereby, or by any Ecde-fiaftical Perfon not pofTefTed of an annual Iucome of One hundred Pounds or upwards, whether arifing from any Ecclefiaftical Preferment or otherwife, fuch Perfons refpeftively not having or keeping any other Horfe, Mare or Gelding for Riding, or for drawing any Carriage chargeable with anv Duty under this A£t.

One Horfe, Mare or Gelding ufed by any Perfon enrolled or to be enrolled and ferving in any troop of Yeomanry Cavalry in Ireland, who Ihall have attended on Horfeback One half at leaft of the Number of Days appointed for him to exercife or to be on Duty in the Year, and who mall produce a Certificate from the Commanding Officer or Permanent Serjeant of fuch Attendance.

SCHEDULE (H.)

RACE HORSES.

A SCHEDULE of the Rate, Duty and Tax payable annually for and in refpeA of Race Horfes kept by any Perfon at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Sixth Day of January in the Year following.

For every Horfe, Mare or Gelding bona fide kept for the Purpofe £. /. d. only of racing or running for any Plate, Prize or Sum of Money, or other thing, or kept in training for any of the faid Purpofes, whether in the Stable of the Proprietor or Proprietors, or of any other Perfon or Perfons	-	-	-	-	2176

-— -----------------------v-—-—---------------------------------------

Any Perfon who (hall have in his PofTeflion, Care or Keeping, any fuch Race Horfe, the Rate, Duty or Tax on which Ihall not have been charged or paid by the Owner of fuch Race Horfe, (hall and may be chargeable and charged with, and (hall pay the Rate, Duty ana Tax payable for fuch Race Horfe, in the lame manner as fuen Owner is or ought to be charged or chargeable for the fame ; and it (hall and may be lawful to colle& and levy fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from every fuch Perfon, in the fame manner and with the like Powers and Authorities as it would be lawful to collect and levy fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from the Owner of fuch Race Horfe, if the fame was in the PofTeflion of fuch Owner ; and Proof, of the Payment of the Rate, Duty or Tax, for and in refpeA of fuch Race Horfe, by the Owner thereof, (hall keep or have the fame in his or her PofTeflion ; and the Perfon fo paying the fame for or on behalf of the Owner as aforefaid (hall have a Lien on the faid Race Horfe for the Amount of the Sum that Ihall have been fo paid by him or her.

Q 3

SCHEDULE

230

C. 54.

58° GEO. IIL

A,D.1818.

SCHEDULE (I.) DOGS.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for or in refped of Doga kept by any Perfon at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Sixth Day of January in the Year following.

For every Greyhound kept by any Perfon, whether the fame be his or her Property, or the Property of any other Perfon or Perfons For every Hound, Pointer or Setting Dog, Spaniel, Terrier or Lurcher, where only one fuch Dog is kept	-	-

For every Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Terrier or Lurcher, and for every other Dog where any Perfon (hall keep Two or more Dogs, of what Description or Denomination the fame may be, except Greyhounds, whether the fame may be the Property of him, her or them, or of any other Perfon or Perfons For every Dog not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Terrier or Lurcher, kept by any Perfon Having one fuch Dog and no more, whether the lame be the Property of him, her or them, or the Property of any other Perfon or Perfons, the annual Sum of

I o o on 6

o 14 o

080

Any Perfon who (hall have in his or her PoflefOon, Care or Keeping, any Dog whatever chargeable with the faid Rate, Duty or Tax, the Rate, Duty or Tax on which (hall not have been charged on or paid by the Owner of fuch Dog, (hall and may be chargeable and charged with, and (hall pay the Rate, Duty and Tax payable for fuch Dog, in the fame manner as fuch Owner is or ought to be charged or chargeable for the fame ; and it (hall and may be lawful to colled and levy fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from every fuch Perfon, in the fame manner and with the like Powers and Authorities aa it would be lawful to colled and levy fuch Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from the Owner of fuch Dog, if the fame was in the Pofleffion of fuch Owner; and Proof of the Payment of the Rate, Duty or Tax for and in refped of fuch Dog, by the Owner thereof (hall lie on the Perfon who (hall keep or have the fame in his or her PofTeflion; and the Perfon fo paying the fame for or on behalf of the Owner as aforefaid (hall have a Lien on the faid Dog for the Amount of the Sum that (hall have been fo paid for or on behalf of fuch Owner.

EXEMPTIONS.

Any Dog or Whelp under the Age of Six Calendar Months.

All Dogs kept by any Perfon who (hall, in refped of the fevtral Dogs kept by fuch Perfon in each Year, pay the full Sum of Twenty Pounds Britiih Currency, by way of Compofition, for all fuch Doga, before the twenty fourth Day of June in each Year.

Any Dog, not being a Hound, Greyhound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Terrier or Lurcher, kept by the Occupier of any Houfe not fubjed to any Tax with refped to Hearths or Windows, who (hall keep one fuch Dog, and no more.

CAP.



58° GEO. Ill

C. 55, 56.

231

CAP. LV.

An Aft to continue, until the Fifth Day of. July One thoufand ie	eight hundred and nineteen. Two Afts of the Fifty fourth

Year of His prefent Majefty, for repealing the Duties of Cuftoms on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof. [lft June i8i8.]

€ YT7HEREAS an Aft was paffed in the Fifty fourth Year of

*	VV His prefent Majefty1 s Reign, intituled sin AS for repealing

4 tie Duties of Cuftoms on Madder imported into Great Britain, and 4 for	other Duties in lieu thereof to continue in force until the

4 Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight huruired and feventeen s 4 And Whereas another Aft was palled in the fame Seflion of Par-4 liament, intituled An Ad to reQify a Miftake in an AQ of the prefent 4 Sejpon of Parliament for repealing the Duties of Cuftoms on Madder 4 imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu 4 thereof: And Whereas an Aft was palled in the Fifty lixth Year

*	of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to continue, until 4 the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and € eighteen, Two Ads of the Fifty fourth Tear of His prefent Majefty,

*	for repealing the Duties of Cuftoms on Madder imported into 1 Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and

•	* which was continued by an Aft of the prefent Seflion of Parlia-

;	4 ment until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and

*	eighteen : And Whereas it is expedient that the faid firft recited i 4 Aft, as altered by the fecond recited Aft, Ihould be further con-

‘ tinued$’ Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ill this prefent Parliament aflembled,

: * and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid firft recited Aft, as amended by the laid fecond recited Aft% fhall be further continued from the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, to the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen*

CAP. LVI.

An Aft to make perpetual an Aft of the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufaftures of Great Britain.

[ill June i8i8.]

4 YT7HEREAS it is expedient that an Aft made in the Forty 4 VV fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad 4 for grantingf during the Continuance of the prefent War, and until

*	Six Months after the Ratification of a definitive Treaty of Peace, an 4 additional Bounty on the Exportation of the. Silk Manufadures of 4 Great Britain, which was continued by an Aft of the Taft Seflion 4 of Parliament until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight

*	hundred and eighteen, Ihould be made perpetualBe it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid Aft of the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign fhall be and the fame is hereby made perpetual.

Q 4	CAP.

54 0.3. c.a6.

54G.3.C. 17.

56 0.3.5.69.

Firft recited Aft, as amend, ed, continued.

46 G.3. c.110.

made perpetual.

232

C. 57.

58o GEO.IIL

A. D. 1818.

55 G.3.C.19.

11.

§3*

45 0-3* c.50. §*9-

47 O 3- Scff.a. c. 12.

«I4‘

CAP. LVII.

An Aft to amend an Aft of the Fifty fifth Year of His pre-fent Majefty, for granting Duties of Excife in Ireland upon certain Licences, and for fecuring the Payment of fuch Duties and the regulating the ifluing of fuch Licences.

[ift June 1818.]

* Y T7HEREAS in and by an Aft made in the Fifty fifth Year 4 VY of His prefent Majefly’s Reign, intituled An A3 to grant 4 certain Duties of Excife upon Licences for the Sale of Spirituous 4 and other Liquors by Retails and upon Licences to Perfons dealing 4 in Excife able Commodities in Ireland, in lieu of the Stamp Duties 4 payable upon fuch Licences, and to fecure the Payment of fuch Excife 4 Duties, and to regulate the ijfuing of fuch Licences, and to difcourage 4 the immoderate Ufe of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, the federal 4 Afts therein recited for regulating amongft other things Licences 4 for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in Ireland 4 are repealed, fave as therein mentioned, and alio fave and except 4 fuch Claufes, Regulations and Provifions in the faid feveral Afts 4 or any of them as were in force immediately before the palling of 4 the faid recited Aft of the Fifty fifth Year aforefaid, in any way 4 relating to or concerning Perfons licenfed in Ireland as Grocers, 4 with refpeft to their having or obtaining Licences to fell Spirituous 4 or other Liquors by Retail, all which laft mentioned Claufes, Re-4 gulations, and Provifions are, by the faid recited Aft of the Fifty 4 fifth Year aforefaid, direfted to be and continue in force as to fuch 4 Grocers, and to be applied to fuch Grocers, with refpeft to the 4 Duties and Regulations in the faid recited Aft contained, as if the 4 fame were repeated and re-enafted in the faid Aft : And Whereas 4 by One of the faid Afts in force in Ireland at the time of the 4 pa fling of the faid Aft of the Fifty fifth Year aforefaid, that is to 4 fay, *by an Aft made in the Forty fifth Year of His prefent 4 Majefty's Reign, intituled An A3 for regulatirig Licences for the 4 Sale of Spirituous Liquors, 1Vinef Beert Ale and Cyder, by Retail* 4 and for difeouraging the immoderate Ufe of Spirituous Liquors in 4 Ireland, it is amongft other things enafted, that no Perfon exer-4 ciliug by himfelf, or any‘Perfon for his Ufe or Benefit, the Trade 4 or Bufinefs of a Grocer, or ivho (hall be licenfed as a Grocer, or 4 in whofe Houfe, or in any Building occupied by him or her, or 4 any Houfe or Building adjoining thereto, and which fhall commu-4 nicate with fuch Houfe or Building, the Trade or Bufitiefs of a 4 Grocer fhall be carried on, (hall be capable of receiving a Licence 4 to fell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Cyder, by Retail:

4 And Whereas by ope other of the faid Afts in force in Ireland at 4 the time of the palling of the faid Aft of the Fifty fifth Year, that 4 is to fay, by an Aft made in the Forty feventh Year of His 4 Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to make further Regulations with 4 refpeS to Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by 4 Retail in Ireland, it is amongft other things enafted and pro-4 vided, that any Grocer or Perfon exercifing the Trade or Bufmefs 4 of a Grocer, who fhall be licenfed as a Grocer in any Place where 4 the Duty to be paid for a Licence to fell Spirituous or other 4 Liquors by Retail fhall not be lefs than Twenty two Pounds,

4 fhould

58* GEO. III.

C. 57.

233

4 fhould be capable of being licenfed in fuch Place to retail Spirit* 4 uous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, Porter, Cyder or Perry, or 4 Metheglin or Mead; provided that it fhould not be lawful for

*	fuch Grocer or Perfon aforefaid, having a Licence for retailing

*	Spirituous or other Liquors, to fell any Spirituous Liquors in any

*	Quantity lefs than Two reputed Quarts, nor to fell any Spirituous 4 Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin

*	or Mead, to be confumed in the Houfe, Outhoufe, Building,

*	Hut, Tent or Place whatever, occupied by fuch Grocer or Perfon

*	aforefaid : And Whereas by one other of the faid A As in force in

*	Ireland at the time of the palling of the faid A A of the Fifty fifth

*	Year aforefaid, that is to fay, by an AA made in the Fifty third

*	Year of His Majefty's Reign, intituled An Aft to amend the feveral 4 A8s for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, 4 Wine> Beer, Ale and Cyder, by Retail in Ireland, it is amongft

*	other things enaAed, that whenever any fuch Licence to retail

*	Spirituous Liquors fhould be required by fuch Grocer or other 4 Perfon, it fhould be lawful to grant fuch Licence to fuch Grocer,

*	in Places where the Duty on fuch Licences is Forty Pounds, 4 upon Payment by fuch Grocer or Perfon of the Sum of Thirty

*	Pounds only ; ajd in Places where the Duty on fuch Licences is 4 Thirty three Pounds, upon Payment by fuch Grocer or other

*	Perfon of the Sum of Twenty five Pounds only 5 and in Places 4 where the Duty on fuch Licences is Twenty two Pounds, upon

*	Payment by fuch Grocer or other Perfon of the Sum of Seventeen

*	Pounds only : And Whereas it is expedient that the faid Regulations and P^vifions in the faid recited AAs of the Forty fifth,

*	Forty fiventh and Fifty third Years, relating to Grocers, fhould

*	be repealed 5' Be it therefore enaAed by The King's Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament alfembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, the (aid hereinbefore recited Regulations and Provifions in the faid recited AAs of the Forty fifth. Forty feventh and Fifty third Years aforefaid, (hall be and the fame are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enaAed, That from and after the palling of this A A, any Grocer or Perfon who (hall be licenfed as a Grocer, lhall be capable of being licenfed in any Place in Ireland to fell Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail ; and that it lhall and may be lawful for every fuch Grocer fo licenfed, who lhall pay the full Rate or Amount of Duty payable by any Perfon on fuch Licence for felling Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, under the faid recited AA of the Fifty fifth Year aforefaid, to fell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity lefs than Two reputed Quarts, any tling in any AA or AAs to the contrary notwithftanding: Provided always, that it (hall not be lawful for any fuch Grocer fo licenfed, nor lhall any fuch Licence authorize any fuch Grocer to fell any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Periy, Metheglin or Mead, to be confumed* in any Houfe, Outhoufe, Building, Hut, Tent or Place whatever, occupied by fuch Grocer; and if any fuch licenfed Grocer (hall fell any fuch Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, to be confumed in any Houfe, Outhoufe or Building, Hut, Tent or

Place

53 G.3.C.137.

§ 4*

45 0- 3- c-jo. 47 G. 3* SefT. 2. c. 12. and 53 G- 3. c.137. relating to Grocers, repealed.

Licenfed Grocer^ may be licenfed to fell Spirts by Retail, but not to be confumed in their Houfes.

C.57.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Penalty l'cL

Duty not to be lefs than what is payable under the Schedule of recited Aft 55 G. 3. c. 19.

Grocers having Licences to pay fuch additional Sum as may be neceflary to make up the whole Duty payable under fuch Schedule, See-and the further Sum of is. in the Pound on the Amount thereof.

Penalty iol. Officer mav enter Premtfes, in the Day time, and demand a View of Licence, and report if no licence produced.

Dtftrefs for Amount of Li* cence Duty, Ac.

Place whatever, occupied by fuch Grocer, contrary to this Aft, fuch Grocer (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

III.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling of this A<51 it (hall not be lawful for any Grocer to be licenfed to (efi Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, upon Payment of any lefs Duty than is payable under the Schedule to the (aid recited A ft of the Fifty fifth Year afore (aid annexed, upon Licences to fell Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in the Place for which fuch Licence (hall be granted: Provided always, that if any Grocer who (hall have any Licence to fell Spirituous Liquors by Retail in force at the time of the paffing of this Aft, and who, under the Provifions of the faid recited Afts hereby repealed, or any of them, (hall have paid, on the taking out of fuch Licence, any Sum of Money lefii than the full Duty fpecified in the (aid Schedule, (hall, at any time after the palling of this Aft, pay fuch additional Sum as (hall make the whole Duty paid by fuch Perlbn amount to the full Duty payable on fuch Licence under the faid recited Aft of the Fifty fifth Year aforefaid, and the Schedule thereto annexed, together with the further Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of fuch additional Sum, every fuch Grocer who (hall make fuch Payment, but not otherwife, (hall be authorized, during the time fuch Licence (hall continue in force, to fell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity lefs than Two reputed Quarts, any thing in any Aft or Afts to the contrary notwithftanding 5 and if any Grocer fo having any Licence for the retailing of Spirituous Liquors in force at the time of the paffing of this Aft, but who (hall not pay fuch further Duty or Sum Aforefaid, (hall fell any Spirituous Liquors in any lefs Quantity than Two reputed Quarts, every fuch Grocer (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

IV.	And be it further enafted. That it (hall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excife to enter in the Day time into any Houfe, Shop, Storehoufe, Workhoufe, Manufaftory, or other Place, of any Perfon or Perfons who (hall deal in; retail, make, fell or keep, or expofe for Sale, any of the refpeftive Articles or things, or exercife or carry on any Trade, Occupation or Calling, for the exercifing or carrying on of which a Licence is by Law required, and to demand the View of the proper Licence to fuch Perfon; and if a proper Licence in force (hall not be produced, fuch Officer (hall report the fame to the Colleftor of Excife of the Diftrift or other Officer in Charge of the Colleftion of fuch Diftrift ; and thereupon, and if fuch Perfon (hall not have applied for and obtained fuch Licence when fuch Demand (hall have bom made, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Colleftor or other Officer fo in Charge as aforefaid, to iflue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal td empower any Perfon or Perfons to take and diftrain all Goods and Chattels found in fuch Houfe, Shop, Storehoufe, Workhoufe, Manufaftory or other Place belonging to fuch Perfon, and to caufe the fame to be fold by Public Auftion, giving Six Days’ previous Notice thereof, (unlefs the fame ihall be redeemed before fuch Sale (hall have taken place,) by Payment as hereinafter mentioned, fave as to the Cofts of the Sale j and if after Payment of the full Amount of the Duty payable on fuch Licence, together with the Sum of One Shilling m the Pound thereon, and the Cofts and Expences of fuch taking, diftraining and

*12	Sale

58° GEO, 1IL

C.57.

235

Sale thereof, there (hall be any Surplus of the Produce arifing from the Sale thereof, fuch Surplus (hall be forthwith tendered and paid to fuch Perfon or his Reprefentatives, and thereupon the Colledor or other Officer aforefaid (hall, if the Party againft whom fuch Warrant (hall have been iflued, defire the fame, and (hall be duly entitled thereto, grant him a Licence for carrying on fuch Trade without further Requeft.

V.	And be it further enaded, That nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend in any manner to repeal or affed any of the Claufes, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Pro-vifions, Matters or things contained in any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force at the time of the Commencement of this Ad, relating to or in refped of any Licences granted under the Authority of the Commifliooers of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, except where the fame is or are exprefsly repealed by this Ad ; and that, except as aforefaid, all fuch Claufes, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Pro-vifions. Matters and things (hall be and remain in full Force and Effed, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if this Ad had not been made, and (hall be applied in the Execution of this Ad as fully and effcdually as if the fame were repeated and re-enaded in this Ad, and that the faid Ads and this Ad (hall be conftrued together as one Ad, fo far as the fame are compatible and confident with each other*

VI.	And be it further enaded, That all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures inflided by this Ad, (hall be paid and recovered in Britifb Currency, and (hall and may be fued for and recovered, levied and applied, in fuch manner and Form, and by fuch Ways and Means, and with fuch Powers and Authorities, as are prefcnbed, direded and appointed in and by an Ad of Parliament made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majefty King Charlet the Second, intituled An A8 for the fettling of the Excife or new Imdoft upon Hie Majejly, Hie Heire and Succejfore, according to the Bool of Rates therein inferted, or in and by an Ad made in the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty*s Reign, intituled An A3 to providefor the better Execution of the feveral ABs relating to the Revenues, Matters and things under the Management of the CommiJJtonere of Cujlome and Port Duties, and of the Commiffioncrs of Inland Excife, and Taxes, in Ireland, or in and by any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland relating to His Majefty*s Revenue of Excife, as fully and effedually, to all Intents and Purpofes,' as if the fame were particularly mentioned and ex-prefled and re-enaded in this Ad, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parlies who (hall think him, her or themfelves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the faid Ads, or any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland relating to His Majefty*e Revenue of Excife, is provided.

And thereupon Licence may be granted.

Provifo for other Ads, except where hereby altered.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Irifh Aft,

14 A 15 C. %. 46 G. 3, c.106.

AppML

CAP.

C. 58.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Paymafter allowed difem-bodied Pay.

Oath.

Refidence of certain Officers to be where Arms of the Corps are kept.

CAP. LVIII.

An Adi to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and Contingent Expences of the Difembodied Militia in Great Britain : and for granting Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermafters, Surgeons, Surgeons’ Mates, and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen.	[ift	June 1818.3

[This A3 is the fame as 57 G. 3. c. 102, except as to Dates, as to the SeQions that are here retained, and as to the Title, ]

II.	Provided always and be it further ena&ed, That any Paymafter of difembodied Militia, beiug on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance as having ferved in any of His Majefty’s Regular Forces, or Navy or Marines, fliall and may and he is hereby empowered to receive and take the aforefaid Rates of difembodied Pay, (videlicet) Six Shillings, Five Shillings or Four Shillings per Diem, as the cafe may be, and the receiving and taking fuch Kates of difembodied Pay as aforefaid (hall not preveut fuch Paymafter on Half Pay, or being entitled to any fuch Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay or fuch Allowance, and fuch .Paymafter fliall take the following Oath before fome Juftice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered to adminifter the fame.

*	T A, B. do fwear I had not between the

*	A and the	any	Place	or	Employment

*	of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majefty, befides my Allow-

*	ance of Half Pay as a reduced	in	His Majefty1*

*	Navy (or in the Marines, or in *	late	Regiment of

*	)	or	Allowance	as	in

‘ late Troop of Horfe Guards, or (	Regiment of

1 Horfe reduced), fave and except my difembodied Pay (of Six

*	Shillings, Five Shillings, or Four Shillings, as the cafe may he,)

*	as Paymafter of the	Militia.1

And the taking the faid Oath (hall be fufficient to entitle fuch Paymafter to receive his Half Pay or the faid Allowance without taking any other Oath ; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

*	III. And be it further ena&ed, That every Adjutant, Paymafter, Surgeon, Quartermafter, Non Commiffioned Officer and Drummer of Regular Militia, when difembodied, (hall be conftantly refident within the City, Town or Place where the Arms of the Corps to which fuch Officers belong are kept, or within fuch rea-fonable Diftance of the Dep6t as fliall be fan&ioned by the Secretary at War: Provided always, that every fuch Adjutant, Paymafter, Surgeon, Quartermafter, Non Commiffioned Officer or Drummer, fliall forfeit his Pay for any Period during which he (hail be abfent, except when abfent by Leave from the Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, which Leave fliall not extend beyond Three Calendar Months in One Year, except in cafe of certified Sicknefs, nor to a greater Proportion than One third of the Non Commiffioned Officers and Drummers at the fame time, or beyond fuch Period of Three Months, except in cafe of Sicknefs.

IX. And

A.D.1818.	58°	GEO. III.	C. 58, 50.

IX. And be it further enabled, That the Subaltern Officers and Surgeons’ Mates of the Militia who (hall claim under the Authority of this Aft to receive any Part of the faid Allowances, (hall previous to receiving the fame, and in order to entitle themfelvea thereto, take and fubfcribe an Oath before fome one of His Majetty’s Juttices of the Peace in the United Kingdom, in the Words or to the Effeft following; (videlicet,)

4 J A. B. do fwear, That I belonged to the

" of Militia when the fame was difembodied, and that I have con-

*	tinued	to ferve therein from	that time until the '	Day

€ of	inclufive,	as a Lieutenant, Enfign or	Surgeon’s

€ Mate (as the cafe may be} ;	and that I was not in my own	Right

*	or in	Right of my Wife,	during the faid Period, in	the	aftual

*	Poffeffion and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of

*	Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of fuch an annual Value

*	above Reprizes as would qualify me to hold a Commiffion of

*	Captain of a Company in the Militia ; that I have not during the ‘ above Period held the Appointment of Adjutant, Surgeon, Pay-

*	matter or Quartermafter in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of ‘ Militia ; that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did any Perfon for me

*	hold or enjoy, during the faid Period, any Office or Income whaf-

*	foever from the Public, or from any other Government, except my

4 Half Pay as a	of	the	Army, Navy, Marines,

4 or of a Provifional Battalion formed from the Militia (as the cafe 4 may be).	So	help	me GOD.*

Which Oath fo taken and fubfcribed (hall be produced to the Pay-matter of the Regiment of Militia by the Subaltern Officer or Surgeon’s Mate claiming the Allowance.

XXIII. And be it further enafted, That every reduced Adjutant entitled to any Allowance under the faid Aft* of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year aforefaid, or any fubfequent Afts continuing fuch Allowance, or this Aft, may receive and take fuch Allowance together with any Full Pay, Half Pay or Allowance which was tenable together with fuch reduced Allowance under the Provifions of an Aft patted in the Twenty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majetty, intituled An A8 for amending and reducing into one AS of Parliament the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, or under the Provifions of the aforefaid Afts of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majetty s Provided always, that no fuch reduced Adjutant (hall be entitled to receive any Allowance under this Aft during the time he (hall hold any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majetty, other than fuch as aforefaid,

CAP. LIX.

An Aft for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers of the faid Militia during Peace.	[ift	June 1818.]

[This AS is the fame as 57 G. 3. c. 103. except as to Dates.'}

237

The following Oath to be taken to entitle to fuch Allowances.

Reduced Adjutants may take fuch Allowance with any Fay or other Allowance to which they may be entitled. *6 O.3. c. 107.

CAP.

238

C. 60.

58° GEO. IIL

A.D.1816.

Irifh Aft, 37 ® 3*

43 G- 3- c.44-

further con-trailed.

CAP. LX.

An Aft to continue, until Three Months after the ceafing of any Reftriftion impofed on the Bank of England from ifluing Ca(h in Payment, the feveral Afts for confirming and continuing the Reftriftions on Payments in Cafh by the Baok of Ireland.	[lit June	1818.]

4 TIJ HE REAS by an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland m 4 W the Thirty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefeot 4 Majefty, intituled An A3 for confirming and continuing for a limited 4 time the RefiriSions contained in the Minute of Council of the Second 4 Day of March One tboufand feven hundred and ninety from, on 4 Payments in Cq/h by the Bank, it is amongft other things enafted,

4 that it (hall not be lawful for the Governor and Company of the f Bank of Ireland to iflue any Cafh in Payment of any Debt or De-‘ mand whatever, except according to the Provifion therein contained;

4 and that the faid Aft fhali be in force and have Continuance until 4 Three Months after the Reftriftion impofed by an Aft of the Par-4 liament of Great Britain otr the Governor and Company of the 4 Bank of England• from ifilling Cafh in Payment, fhali ceafe, unlefii 4 the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council of Ireland fhould bj an 4 Order of Council direft that the faid Reftriftion on the Governor 4 and Company of the Bank of Ireland fhould (boner ceafe: And 4 Whereas by an Aft pafTed in the Parliament of the United Kingdom,

4 in the Forty third Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, the faid 4 recited Aft of the Parliament of Ireland was amended and further 4 continued; and by Four Afta, made in the Forty fourth. Fifty 4 fourth, Fifty fifth and Fifty fixth Years of His prefent Majefty’s 4 Reign,' both the faid recited Afts of the Thirty feventh and Forty 4 third Years aforefaid were further continued: And Whereas it»

4 expedient to continue for a further time the faid recited Afts of the 4 Thirty feventh and Forty third Years aforefaid :* May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Afts of the Thirty feventh and Forty third Years of His prefent Maiefty's Reign (hall nave Continuance until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after any Reftriftion im-pofed or to be impofed by any Aft made or to be made in this prefent Seffion of Parliament on the Governor and Company of the Bank of | England, from ifluing Cafh in Payments, (hall ceafe, unlefs the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and the Privy Council of Ireland (hall by an Order in Council direft that the laid Reftriftion on the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland (hall fooner ceafe.

58o GEO. III.

C. 61.

239

CAP. LXL

An A€t for the better Accommodation of His Majefty’s Packets within the Harbour on the North Side of the Hill of Htnuth, and for the better Regulation of the Shipping therein.	[ift	June	1818.]

‘ TT7HEREAS the Harbour on the North Side of the Hill of 4 VV Howtb9 near Dublin, has been improved and nearly com*

4 pleted at the Public Expence, chiefly for the Accommodation and 4 fafe lying of His Majefty’s Packets : And Whereas great Incon-* venience may arife from the occaftonal crowded State of the 4 Harbour, and the Want of Regulation in mooring the Veflels 4 thereinBe it therefore ena&ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majcfty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling Lord Lieutenant of this A& it ftiall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or empowered to other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, *^PP®'nt Harbour from time to time to appoint a Perfon to a& as Harbour Mafter «* nlrhour within the (aid Harbour, and to remove any Harbour Mafter fo appointed, and to appoint another in his Room or Stead, with fuch Salary or Allowance as to the faid Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors fhall feem fitting and expedient, to be paid in like manner as the Salaries of any Officers appointed by the Com-miffioners for carrying into Execution an A£t of the Fiftieth Year of 50 0.3. c.71. His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for improving and completing the faid Harbour, and rendering it a fit Situation for His Majefty’s Packets.

II. And be it further ena&ed. That every fuch Harbour Mafter Power of Rar. (hall have full Power and Authority to dire& the mooring, unmooring, bour Mafter. proving and removing of all Ships or other Veflels coining into, or lying, or being in the faid Harbour or any Part thereof, or any Place being within the Diftance of Five hundred Yards of the Entrance or Mouth of the (aid Harbour, and to appoint and regulate the time or times and the manner of their Entrance into, lying in, or going out of or from fuch Harbour, fave and except in ftormy or tempeftuous Weather, and to regulate and determine the Pofition of fuch Ships and other Veflels ; and m cafe any Owner, Mafter or other Perfon having Refufing &c. to the Charge or Command of any fuch Ship or other Veflel, (hall refute moor, &c. *c-or neglect to moor, unmoor, place, move or remove his Ship or Veflel c^?Dg tof j?" according to fuch Dire&ion, immediately when Notice to him or them bou^jJiifttr*** (hall be given, or left with any Perfon or Perfons on board of fuch Ship or Vefliel for that Purpofe, eveiy fuch Owner, Mafter or other Perfon (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not ex- Penalty, ceeding Ten Pounds j and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Harbour Mafter and his Affiftants, and he or his Affiftants are hereby required, to moor, unmoor, place, move or remove fuch Ship and Veflel accordingly ; and in cafe any Mafter, Commander, Mate, Obftrudmg Pilot or other Perfon or Perfons taking Charge or Command of any mooring, &c. Ship or other Veflel, or any other Perfon or Perfons whofoever, (hall obftru& or hinder the mooring, unmooring, placing, moving or removing of any{Ship or other Veflel lying or being in the faid Harbour, or being within the Diftance of Five hundred Yards of the Entrance or Mouth of the faid Harbour, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Perfon

or

586 GEO. III.

Penalty. CommiHi oners under 50 G. 3. c. 7». may fell Lands veiled in them nor necef-fary for Pur-pofei of A6t, wich Confent of Lord Lieutenant. *

Recovery of Penalties.

50 0.3. e. no.

further continued.

45 O. 3, c. v 28.

C. 61j 62.

A.D. 1818.

or Perfona fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

III.	And he it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiffioner8 appointed for the Execution of the Ad. of the Fiftieth Year of His prefent Majeily’s Reign, for improving and completing the faid Harbour, with the Confent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to fell or demife any Part of any Land or Ground vefted in the faid Commiffioners, and which fhall not be required for the Purpofes of the faid A6t, to any Perfon or Perfons willing to purchafe the fame, or to take the fame on Leafe, for the Purpofe.of ereding thereon any Houfe or Hqufes for the Refidence of the faid Harbour Mailer, or of any Officers of Cuftoms or Excife Rationed at the faid Harbour, or for fuch other Purpofe relative to the faid Harbour as fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors fhall from time to time authorize, dired or appoint.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That.all Penalties to be ineuired under this Act (hall be recovered in a fummary manner, before any One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County of Dublin, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels; and in.cafe no fufficient Diftrefs can be had, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch Juftice of the Peace to commit the Perfon or Perfona fo offending to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Corredion of the faid County, for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months) or until fuch Fine (hall be paid.

CAP. LXII.

An A& to continue, until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, Two Ads of His prefent Majefty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and Wejlminjler.	[ift June 1818.]

*	TT A HE REAS an Ad was paffed in the Fiftieth Year of the

*	W Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad to allovot 4 until the Ftrjl Day of Auguft One thoufand eight hundred and 4 eleven, the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and 4 Weftminfter by Inland Navigation, which was continued by feveral ‘ fubfequent Ads until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight

*	hundred and eighteen, and it is expedient that the Ad ftiould be 4 further continued Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Mofl Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid Ad fhall be and the fame is hereby further continued, from the Firft Day of Auguft One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen.

4 II. And Whereas by an Ad paffed in the Forty fifth Year of 4 the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for allovoingt 4 under certain Reftridions, until the Firft Day of Auguft One thou-4 fand eight hundred and fix, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals,

4 Culm or Cinders to London and Weftminfter by Inland Navi-4 gat ion t certain Duties were impofed on all Coals, Culm or Cinders 4 brought along the Grand Jundion or Paddington Canals nearer to 4 London than the Stone or Poll thereby required to be ereded and

maintained.

58o GEO. III.

241

C. 62, 63.

4 maintained, on or near to the Towing Path of the faid Grand 4 JunBion Canal, at or near the North Eaft Point of Grove Park,

*	and contiguous to the Wharf then in the Poffeffion and Occupation 4 of the Earl of Clarendon s And Whereas the Amount of the faid

*	Duties was altered by three Ads of the Forty fixth, Forty feventh

*	and Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty: 4 And Whereas by Schedule A. annexed to an AA palled in the 4 Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled 4 An Ad for repealing the feveral Duties of Cufloms chargeable in 4 Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof other < Duties are impofed in lieu thereof upon the faid limited Quantity 4 of Coals, Culm and Cinders, under the Conditions, Regulations 4 and ReftriAions of the faid firft recited A A : And Whereas the 4 faid recited A As were further continued by feveral fubfequent AAs 4 until the Firft day of Augufl One thoufand eight hundred and 4 eighteen: And Wnereas it is expedient that the faid Ads fhould

*	be further continued ;* Be it therefore enaAed, That the faid firft recited A A of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, fo far as the fame relates to the Conditions, Regulations and ReftriAions under which the faid limited Quantity of Coals* Culm and Cinders may be brought within One Year by the faid Grand JunBion and Paddington Canals nearer to London than the faid Stone or Poft, and the faid recited A A of the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty regarding the Amount of the Duties chargeable thereon and the Appropriation thereof, (hall be and the fame are hereby further continued until the Firft Day of Augufl One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen.

CAP. Lxm.

An A & to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, an A£t made in the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, to permit the Importation of Tobacco from any Place whatever.

[3d June 18 x 8.]

*	TT7HEREAS the Law hereinafter mentioned has by Expe-4 W rience been found ufeful and beneficial, and it is expedient 4 that the fame fhould be revived and further continued;1 Be it therefore enaAed by The King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That an AA made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 to permit, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven% the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain from, any Place what-ever, and which faid AA was by feveral fubfequent A As continued until the Twenty.fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and feventecn, (hall be and the fame is hereby revived and further continued, from the faid Twenty fifth Day of l\farch One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen.

49O.3.C.98.

45 G.3. c.is8» as to Coals brought by Canal, and 49 O.3. c. 98. rcfpe&tng Duty, continued.

49 G. 3. c. *5.

continued.

58 Geo. III.

R

C A Pi

242

C. 64.

58° GEO.IIL

A,D. 1818.

54 O. 3.C.93.	€

$45-

§46.

repealed*

Payment of Prixe Money an Orders confined to Treafurer and Clerk of the Cheque of Greenwich Hofpital.

Agents to pay only on perfonal Application.

Penalty jot

Orders made by Non Commif-4toned Officers, &c. to be in Form fet forth in Schedule A. with the Certificate marked B.

CAP. LXIV.

An Aft to make further Regulations refpe&ing the Payment of Navy Prize Money, and to authorize the Governors of Greenwich Hofpital to pay over certain Shares of Prize Money due to Ruffian Seamen to His Excellency the Ruffian Ambaflador.	[3d	June	1818.]

WHEREAS an Aft palled in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS far regn-< lai'tng the Payment of Navy Print Money, and the Tranfmifffom of < Accounted and Payment of Balances to Greenwich Hojpital: And * Whereas it is expedient that Navy Prize Agents (hould, during * the Three Months in which they are by the Laws now in force * direfted to diftribute Navy Prize or Bounty Money, Grants or * other Allowances of Money to Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers, * Seamen and Marines, pay the Shares of fuch Non Commiffioned < Officers, Seamen and Marines, upon their perfonal Application « only; and that the Payment upon Orders and written Authcv * rities (hould be confined to the Treafurer and Clerk of the Check * of the Royal Hofpital for Seamen at Greenwich: And Whereas * it is alfo expedient to make further Provifions refoefting Navy ‘ Prize Money :* Be it enafted by The King’s MToft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the paffing of this Aft, fo much of the faid Aft of the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty as direfts or authorizes the Payment by any Navy Prize Agent of any Prize or Bounty Money, Grants or other Allowances of Money, upon Orders made by Non Commiffioned Officers, Stamen and Marines, (hall be and is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enafted, That from and after the paffing of this Aft, the Payment of Prize Money upon Orders (hall be confined to the Treafurer and Clerk of the Check of Greenwich Hofpital, and that no Agent or Agents appointed for the Diftribution of any Navy Prize or Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowances of Money, whether arifing from or given in confequence of conjunft Expeditions or Services by the Navy only, (hall pay any Share or Shares of the Non Commiffioned Officers, Seamen or Marines, or Supernumeraries, entitled thereto, upon any Order or Letter of Attorney, or other written Power or Authority whatfoever, but (hall pay the fame to the faid Non Commiffioned Officers, Seamen, Marines and Supernumeraries, upon their refpeftive perfonal Applications only, upon pain of forfeiting, for eveiy Payment made otherwife than as above direfted, the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by and in the Name of. the Treafurer of the faid Royal Hofpital.

III. And be it further enafted, That from and after the paffing of this Aft, all Orders made by Non Commiffioned Officers, Seamen and Marines, and others entitled to Prize or Bounty Money, Grants or other Allowances of Money in the Nature thereof, (hall be in the Form or to the Effeft fet forth in the Schedule to this Aft annexed marked (A.), and (hall contain in the Body of fuch Orders an exaft Account of the Money and Goods advanced by the Perfon

in

A k

58° GEO. Ill*

G«4.

243

in whole Favour fuch Order is made, to the Perfoo making the fane j and a Certificate (hall be printed upon every Paper containing fuch Order according to the Form or to the Effed fet forth in the Schedule to this Ad annexed marked (B.), and (hall be duly filled up and attefted as direded at the Foot of the (aid Schedule; and the Treafurer and Clerk of the Check of the faid Hofpital (hall pay upon everr fuch Order, out of the Money belonging to the Perfon making tne fame, fo much as (hall appear to be due to the Payee named therein, with legal Intereff thereon and no more.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall 0rden t0 bcar knowingly mfert or caufe to be infcrted in any Order for the Payment ^ate the *** of Prize Money, Bounty Money, Grants or other Allowances of

Money, payable by the Commimonera and Governors of the Royal Hofpital for Seamen at Greenwich, or by their Treafurer, any otner Date than the Day on which die faid Order (hall be executed, or (hall knowingly prefent or utter any Order bearing any falfe Date as aforefiud, fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall for every fuch Offence be deemed guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and punifhed accordingly.	Mififcmosoor.

V.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons Product falfe really entitled to Prize or Bounty Money, Penfion Money, Grant or Certificate, &c. other Allowance of Money, on account of Services on board of any

Ship or Vefiel, (hall by the Produdion of any falfe Certificate, or ^Mnorfxc.*" by making any falfe Representation, obtain or endeavour to obtain from the (kid Royal Hofpital the faid Prize or Bounty Money,

Penfion Money or other Allowance of Money fo due to him as afore*

(aid, fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be deemed guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and (hall forfeit all Prize or Bounty Money, Penfion Money, Grant or other Allowance of Money, due to him on account of his faid Services.

VI.	Aad be it further enaded. That the Proceeds of all Seizures Proceeds of made by Revenue Cruifers, or other Veflels employed in the Service s*™re/.# of the Revenue, but under Admiralty Orders, (hall be fubjed to

the fame Rules, Laws and Regulations with refped to forfeited and pr*e Money, unclaimed Shares, as Prize and Bounty Money are liable to under thia Ad, or any other Ads which (hall be in force at the paffing of this Ad relating to Prize and Bounty Money.

4 VII. And Whereas it is expedient that the Payment of Bills for

*	Out Penfions, heretofore, by an Ad pafied in the Fifty fixth Year 56 0.3. c.101.

•	of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for enabling the 4 Officers in His MajeJly's Navy, and their Reprefentatives, to draw 4 for and receive their Half Pay ; and for transferring the Duty of 4 making certain Payments from the Clerk of the Check at His 4 May Ay's Dock Tards to the Clerks of the Treafurer of the Navy 4 at the fame Tardst authorized and direded to be made by the 4 Clerks to the Treafurer of His Msjefty's Navy, fhould be autho-4 rized to be made by the Deputy or Deputies of the Treafurer 4 of the Royal Hofpital for Seamen at Greenwich in the County of

4 Kent :* Be it enaded. That from and after the paffing of this Ad, Payment of Bills all Bills drawn by the Paymafter of Penfions at the faid Royal HoL for Cut Penfions pital, or under his Authority, for the Payment of Out Penfions, may I!! be direded to and paid by any Deputy or Deputies to the Treafurer	Jh.

of the (kid Royal Hofpital; and that all and every the Claufes, Treafurer. Provifions, Pains, Penalties and Regulations contained and now in force with refped to fuch Payments of Penfions, when made or

R 2	direded

2*4-

C.64^

580 geo. nr.

A.D. 1S18.

Certificates on Bills drawn by Trtaiiirer, 8cc. to bf attefted by Deputy only.

Agents to fend Lifts of Order* received from Non Cooomif-fioned Officers, Sec. to the distributing Agent.

Shares due under fuch Order* to be paid over with unclaimed Shares to Be refunded by Treasurer i Ac.

dire&ed to be made by the faid Clerks of the Treafurer of His Majefty's Navy, (hall be applicable and applied to the Payment* of Penfions, made or dire&ed or authorized to be made by the Deputy or Deputies of the Treafurer of the faid Royal Hofpital, as fully and effe&ually as if the fame were herein and hereby repeated and re-ena&ed.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the paffing' of this Ad, the Certificates upon all Bills drawn by the Treafurer or* Deputy Treafurer of Greenwich Hofpital, or by the Paymafter of Penfions, for the Payment *of any Prize or Bounty Money, Grant, Penfion or other Allowance of Money in favour of any Perfon refilling at any Port or Place at which a Deputy of the faid Royal Hofpital (hall have been or (hall be appointed, (hall be attefted by fuch Deputy, and by no other Perfon.

IX.	And be it ena&ed. That it (hall be lawful for every licenfed Agent to fend a Lift of all Orders which he may have received or (hall hereafter receive from Non Commiffioned Officers, Seamen or Marines to the Agent appointed for the Diftribution of any Prize* or Prizes, Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowances of Money ; which Orders, if depolited at Greenwich Hofpital, (hall not be re* vocable after Diftribution of the Money to which they relate (hall* have commenced $ and fuch Diftributing Agent (hall not, after receiving any Lift as aforefaid, pay to the Non Commiffioned Officers, Seamen or Marines named therein, or any of them, the Share or Shares due to any of them refpedively, but (hall pay the fame over, with the unclaimed and forfeited Shares, to Greenwich Hofpita, to be refunded by the Treafurer of the faid Royal Hofpital to the Non Commiffioned Officers, Seamen or Marines entitled thereto, or the Payees named in the laid Orders refpedtively, in like manner as unclaimed Shares are dire&ed to be paid and refunded; and the laid Diftributing Agents (hall, upon the Requifition of the Clerk of the' Cheque of the laid Royal Hofpital, deliver to the faid Clerk of the Cheaue any Order which (hall have been depofited in their Hands by ficenied Agents, to be kept at the faid Royal Hofpital; and fuch Diftributing Agent (hall receive from the faid Clerk of the Cheque a Receipt tor the fame, and an Undertaking to produce the fame whenever the Production thereof (hall be deemed expedient.

c X. And Whereas certain Ships and Veflels belonging to his Im-4 perial Ruffian Majefty adted in conjunction with a Squadron of 4 Rritifb Snips and Veffels of War belonging to His Majefty, under 4 the Command of Admiral Sir Andrew Mitchellf on the Attack 4 of (he Dutch Fleet in the Texel in the Year One thoufand feven

*	hundred and ninety nine, and became entitled to (hare in the Pro-

*	ceeds arifing from the Captures made in the faid Expedition:

4 And Whereas the Agent for the faid Captures did, in or about the

*	Month of December One thoufand eight hundred and ten, pay into 4 the Royal Hofpital for Seamen at Greenwich the Sum of Seven < thoufand one hundred and eleven Pounds Sixteen Shillings and 4 Eight pence Three Farthings, being the Amount of certain Shares 4 unclaimed by the Officers, Seamen and Marines of the faid Ships 4 of His Ruffian Majefty: And Whereas it is deemed advifable to 4 pay over the Sum of Six thoufand eight hundred and eighty five 4 Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four pence Three Farthings, the 4 Balance now remaining in the faid Hofpital, to Hi* Excellency

4 Count

4 Coant Lieven, Ambaflador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of:

*	Hia Imperial Ruffian Majefty, or the Ambaflador of His Imperial5 ‘ Ruffian Majefty for the time being at the -Court of London, for

*	the Ufe of the Officers and Men entitled thereto Be it ena&ed.

That it (hall and may be lawful for the Dire&ors of the faid Royal/ D'tn&otujf Hofpital for Seamen at Greenwich in the County of Kentt and they Greenwich Hot* are hereby authorized and required, to caufe to be paid over to the empowered i faid Count Lieven, or the Ambaflador from Hit. Imperial Ruffian	*°

Majefty at the Court of London for the time being, out of the p’unda Ambaflador of the faid Hofpital, the faid Sum of Six thouiand eight hundred 688jL ia*4|d. and eighty fire Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four pence Three Bslenct remain-Farthings, the Balance now remaining in the faid Hofpital, for the procwds Purpofe of being diftributed amougft iuch of the Officers and Crews m^^Attack of tne faid Ships and Veflcls of his faid Imperial Ruffian Maiefty as 0f Dutch Fleet fhall not heretofore have received their refpedive Shares of and in the 111x799. Proceeds of the faid Captures.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed, That upon Payment of the faid Greenwich Hof-Sum of Six thoufand eight hundred and eighty five Pounds Twelve	vf’

Shillings and Four pence Three Farthings to the (aid,Count Lieven9 menu or to His Imperial Ruffian Majefty’s Ambaflador at the. Court of London for the* time being,, the Commiffioners and Governors of *

Greenwich Hofpital fhall . be wholly indemnified and freed and dif-charged therefrom, and be no further liable or accountable for the., fame to any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever.

SCHEDULE to which this ACT refers.

A.

TAKE NOTICE, that no Prize Money can be received under this Order, except by an Agent duly licenfed in conformity to the Ad of Pfcrlia* ment of the Fifty fourth Year of King George the Third, or by the Wife, one of the Parents or. Children of the Grantor.

* Here injert the Place where and * time when the Order it made•

Day of	18

AT Seven Days** Sight. pay to	or his	Order,.

A the Sum of	out	of	the	Amount	of	my.

Share of Prize or Bounty Money for the Capture of. *

f Here infert the Names of the f Prince and time of €afture9 or give fuch other Defirtption eft hem at fhall be fatisfaSory to the Agent and the Officer* of Greenwich Hojpital-

when ferving on board His Majefty’s Ship or Veffcl, the in quality of	*	being for

R 3	advanced

24$

C.64.

58* GEO. III.

A.D.181&

advanced to me by the faid	in	Money,

and £	for	Slops	or	Goods	furniihed	to	me

by the faid

To the proper Officers of 1

Greenwich HofpitaL J

B.

THESE are to certify. That we have examined the faid

«wLm Sm mm — aJ	<iT>	—	■■	flwrtaa	m

has (hewn us, viz. [J

X Nero infert the Nature of the Document*, whether they are invalid Tickets, Certificates or oiherwife, and by what

Officer they are figned,	]

and his Anfwers to our Queftions, we have Reafon to be* lieve that he was ferving on board the faid Ship at the time of making the Captures above fpccified, and has received the Money and Slops above mentioned; he fays be was born at	in	the	County of	\

that he is	Years	of	Age, of a

Complexion,	Eyes,	and	Hair,	j

$ If the Party is difcharged from the Service, fiat* the time and Caufe of Difcharge.

Given under our Hands

Note.—This Certificate to be figntd by the Captain or Commanding Officer, and one other figning Officer, of the Ship to which the Party belongs.

If difcharged from the Service, and refident at any Place where there is a Deputy or Agent of the Hofyital, to be figned by that Deputy.

If within Four Miles of the Hofpital, by the Clerk of the Cheque or his Firft Clerk.

If at any other Place within the Bills of Mortality, by the Officer for Prizes in the Navy Pay Office, or his Affiftant.

If by Marines at Head Quarters, where there is no Deputy to the Hofpital, to be figaed by the Colonel or Commanding Officer and the Adjutant.

If by any Perfon at Sick Quarters, to be figned by the Surgeon and one of his Affiftants; but waere there is a Deputy, to be figned by fuch Deputy.

If at any other Place in England, to be figned by the Mmifter and one of the Churchwardens j and if in Scotland, by the Minifter and onc of the Elders.

Prefence, and from

who figned the above Order in our the Documents he

CAP.

A.D.1818,

58° GEO. III.

C.65.

*47

From Od. id, 1818, Duties on Verjuice, Vinegar, &c. to ceafe, (except Arrears,

CAP. LXV.

An A£k for repealing the Duties of Excife on Verjuice and Vinegar, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for more effectually fecuring the Duties of Excife on Vinegar or Acetous Acid.	4	[3d June 1818.3

4 T17HEREAS the Duties of Excife impofed by Law for and

*	v V in refoe& of Vinegar hare been greatly evaded, and large 4 Quantities of Vinegar have been fent out intoConfumption, as Duty 4 paid, without the Officers of Excife having any Account thereof:

4 And Whereas Vinegar or Acetous Acid, diftiued and made under

*	the Denomination of Pyroligneous Acid, has been lately brought ‘ into Confutation, of great Strength, without Payment of fuch 4 Duties as aforefiud; and for Remedy thereof it is expedient to re-

*	peal the Duties of Excife now payable for and in relpe& of Ver-4 juice and Vinegar, and impofe other Duties in lieu thereof ;* Be it therefore enafted by The king’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisprefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Tenth Day of Odobcr One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, all and lingular the Duties of Excife now payable by Law in refpeft of Verjuice4and Vinegar,

Vinegar Beer, or Liquors preparing for Vinegar, brewed or made in Gnat Britain, or imported into Great Britain from Ireland (hall ceafe fcc.) and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, fave and except in

all Cafes, relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof refpe&ively which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto refpeftivelj, which fhall at that time have been incurred.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the Tenth Day of Dalles of OSober One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, in lieu and in- £3* . ™ dead of the Duties by this Ad repealed, there (hall be railed, levied, 108 colle&ed and paid unto His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffbrs, the federal Rates and Duties of Excife hereinafter mentioned 1 that is to

fey.

For every Gallon Wine Meafure of Vinegar or Acetous Add or Duties. Liquors prepared or preparing for Vinegar or Acetous Add, brewed or made in Great Britain for Sale, to be paid by the Maker thereof.

Four pence; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity:

For every Gallon Wine Meafure of Vinegar or Acetous Add or Liquors prepared or preparing for Vinegar or Acetous Add, brewed or made m Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, to be paid by the Importer thereof, Four pence; add fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity :

For every Gallon Wine Meafure of Vinegar or Acetous Acid or Liquors prepared or preparing for Vinegar or Acetous Add, imported into Great Britain from Foreign Parts, to be paid by the Importer thereof, One Shilling; and lb in proportion for any greater or Ub Quantity:

And that from and after the laid Tenth Day of OBoter One thoufand sight hundred add eighteen there Audi be allowed and paid the following Drawback of Excife $ that is to lay,

R 4

For

24$

C. 65.

58* GEO. III.

A.th 1818.

For every Gallon Wine Meafure of Vinegar or Acetous Add, Hot being under Proof, which after the Tenth Day of OQober One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen (hall be brewed or made in Great Britain for Sale, or brewed or made in Ireland,, and imported from thence into Great Britain, and exported from thence to Foreign Parts, on which refpeftively the Duties impofed by this Aft have been paid, Four pence.

Duties levied at HI. And be it further enafted, That the faid feveral Duties (hall anToraw^da refpe&*vety railed, levied, colie died, recovered and paid in fuch and allowed in like t^ie manner (except as fpecially altered by this Aft), and in or manner as herein by any of the general or fpecial Means, Ways or Methods by which mentioned. the former Duties of Excife on Vinegar hereby repealed were or might be raifed, collefted, recovered, allowed and paid ; and the faid Drawback (hall be allowed and paid in fuch and the like manner, and in or by any of the general or fpecial Means, Ways or Methods by which the Drawbacks of Excife on Glafs exported are or may be allowed and paid, fo far as the fame are confident with the fpecial Provifions of this Ad; and the faid Perfons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities fo by this Aft refpeftively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with the faid Duties refpeftively impofed, or entitled to the faid Drawback granted by this Aft, (hall be and the fame are hereby refpeftively made fubjeft and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Redriftions and Forfeitures to which fuch Perfons as aforefaid. Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, were generally or fpecially fubjeft sod liable by any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the pading of this Aft refpefting the Duties of Excife or other Duties under the Management of the faid Commiffioners of Excife refpeftively, and (hall be uibjeft and liable to all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatever, • to which fuch Perfons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities were fubjeft or liable for any Offence whatever committed againft or in breach of any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the pading of this Aft, and for fecuring the Revenue of Excife or other Duties under the Management of the faid Com-midioners of Excife refpeftively, or for the Regulation or Im-aa provement thereof; and the feveral Claufes, Powers and Direftions plied to this herein contained (hall and are hereby direfted and declared to extend P	* to,' and (hall be refpeftively implied, praftifed and put in Execution,

for and in refpeft of the (aid Duties of Excife and Drawback refpeftively hereby charged, impofed and allowed, in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, fo far as they are not incondftent with or repugnant to the Provifions of this Aft, as if all and every of the faid Afts, Claufes, Provifions, Powers, Direftioni, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this Aft.

Duties under IV. And be it further enafted. That fuch of the Duties by this C<mmimonezs	Aft impofed as (hall arife in that Part of Great Britain called England,

or Excife.	(hall be under the Management of the Commiffioners of Excife in

England for the time being; and fuch thereof as (hall arife in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall be under the Management of the Commiffioners of Excife in Scotland for the time being.

V.	And



58° GEO. III.

O* G5«

249

V.	And be it farther enadted, That all the Monies anting from the Carried to Con-Duties by this A61 impofed (the neceffary Charges of railing and folicUted Fund, accounting for the fame excepted) (hall from time to time be paid

into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at WeflminJUr, and (hall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That all Liquors brewed or made Liquors of what* by whatsoever Means or manner into Vinegar or Acetous Acid for ®*er kind psro. Sale, and all Liquors prepared or preparing for or capable of being PF*** *5"1 ufed as or applied to the Purpofes of Vinegar or Acetous Acid made charged nitli * for Sale, or found in the Poffeffion of any Vinegar Maker or Makers Duty*

for Sale in Great Britain, or imported into Great Britain, whether any ^fuch Liquor (hall be fold or made for Sale untnixed or mixed with any other Ingredient or Ingredients, or (hall be known and called by the Name or Names of Vinegar, Alegar, Verjuice, Radical Vinegar,

Acetous Acid, Acetic Acid, Pyroligneous Acid, or by any other Name or Names, is, are and (hall be refpe&ively fubje& and liable to and chargeable and charged with the Duties hereby iznpofed ; and What Perfons that all and every Perfon and Perfons who (hall make, prepare, ex-	v,nr&ar

trad, diftil, re&ify, purify or fell any fuch Liquors as aforefaid, M erfc not being a Dealer in. Retailer or Seller of fuclp Vinegar or Acetous Acid only as he, (he or they (hall from time to time receive by Permit or Certificate, as hereinafter mentioned, from Some other entered Vinegar Maker or Makers, Dealer or Dealers, (hall be deemed and taken to be a Vinegar Maker or Vinegar Makers, and (hall be fubjedt and liable to all and every the Licence and other Duties, Provifions,

Rules, Regulations, Reftri&ions and Penalties to which Makers of Vinegar are by Law fubjedt and liable: Provided always, that no- in what cafes thing in this or any other Ad (hall or (hall be deemed or conftrued Pyroligneous to extend to charge with any Duty any Acetous Acid, commonly	n<?K

called Pyroligneous Acid, made or extracted from Wood or Tar, for	w,t

Sale, in its crude, impure and unredified State, or any White Lead,

Sugar of Lead, Verdigris, Iron Liquor, Acetate of Lime, Acetate of Soda, Acetate of Alumine, or any Vinegar or Acetous Acid made, redlified or purified in any manner whatfoever at any Houfe or Place not entered or ufed for making Vinegar, or redhfyiog or purifying Acetous Acid for Sale by any Maker or Makers thereof, being alto a Maker or Makers of the aforefaid Compounds, or any of them, and which Vinegar or Acetous Acid (hall be fo made, rectified or purified by him, her or them for the foie Purpofe of making and compounding fuch Articles as aforefaid, or fome of them, and (hall be wholly ufed or confumed by himfelf, herfelf or themfelves, at the> fame Houfe or Place where made, in the compounding or manufadtaring thereof, or any Vinegar or Acetous Acid diftilled from Vinegar or Acetous Acid on which the Duties refpc&ively by this Act impofed have'been already, and before fuch Diftillation thereof, charged and paid.

VII.	And be it further enafted. That all and every Perfon and fn the Entry of Perfons making and required to make Entry of any Building, Place Premifes, Place* or Utenfil, under any Law or Laws relating to His Majesty's Re- *?d Utenfils to be ▼enue of Excife, for the Purpofe of uling the fame in carrying on ^ftinguilhedbj any Trade or Bufinefs fubjedt to the Survey of. the Officers of Ex- utdtlCoon rife, (hall in every fuch Entry diftinguifh and defcribe every fuch the Place* and Building, Place and Utenfil by a particular Letter Of Number, and Utenfil*.

■»	(hall

250

C. 65,

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

When Pipes ire ufed, their Courts to be defcribed, ftc. withfuch Entry.

Buildings and Utenfils not lb defcribed deemed unentered.

Penalty sooL

Strength of Vinegar to be tried by an Aeetpmeter.

If found above Proof, Officer to charge proper-tionably for the Escefi.

Hull paint fach refpe&ve Letter or Number in a large and difttnft Chara&er upon fome convenient and confpicuous Part of the Walli or Doors of every fuch Building or Place refpe&ively, and upon fome convenient and confpicuous Part of every fuch Utenfil, and keep and continue the fame fo painted, and from time to time when Occafioo may require, or when requeued by the Supervifor of Excife of the Diftrift where fituated, renew the fame, fo long as the Entry thereof remains uncancelled, fo that fuch Letter or Number fo painted may be eafily and readily obferved and known by the Officers of Exdu from time to time attending to furvey the fame; and that wherever any fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall ufe or employ in his, her or their entered Buildings or Places any fixed Pipe or Pipes, he, (he or they (hall, at the time of making his, her or their Entry of the Places and Utenfils as aforefaid, deliver with fuch Entry, and as Part thereof, a Drawing or Drawings, Defcription or Defcriptions, diftindly (hewing and exhibiting or explaining the Courfe, Dire&ion, Conftru&HM and Ufe of all ana every.fuch Pipe and Pipes refpe&ively, mud of all and every Branch and Branches thereof, and of all and every Cock and Cocks thereon, together with the Place or Places and Utenfil or Utenfils refpe&ively from and to or with which the fame lead or communicate; and that if any Building, Place or Utenfil (hall at any time be found to be ufed by any fuch Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, without being fo defcribed or diffcinguifhed as aforefaid, or without fuch Letter or Number being fo diftin&ly painted and continued thereon as aforefaid, or any Pipe or Pipes be found without being fo (hewn in fuch Drawing or Drawings, or fo defcribed as aforefaid, or different from or difagreeing with fuch Drawing or Drawings, Description or Defcriptions as aforefaid, every fuch Building, Place and Utenfil refpe&ively (hall be deemed and taken to be unentered, 'and the Perfon or Penons ufing the fame (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe, over and above all other Penalties, the Sum of Two* hundred Pounds.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That to prevent Vinegar or Acetous Add of exceffive Strength being brought into Confumptioa upon Payment of Duty as Common Vinegar or Acetous Add, to the great Injury of HU Majefty's Revenue, all fuch Liquors as afore, find, fhbjed and liable to luch Duties refpe&ively as aforefaid, Audi and may be tried and examined by any Officer or Officers of Excife with fiich Acetemeter as (hall and may from time to time be direded by the Commiffioncrs of Excife in order to ascertain the Strength thereof; and that whenever any fuch Liquors (hall upon any luch Trial be found by any Officer or Officers of Excife to be above Proof as denoted by luch Acetdmeter (Proof being fuch Strength of Acetous Add that One hundred Parts of the Liquor by Weight will fetucate or neutralize Fourteen and a Half Parts by Wdght of Cryftalized Subcarbonate of Soda), ind not to be more than Thirty five per Centum, as denoted by luch Acetemeter, above fuch Proof, the Number of Gallons of fuch Liquors of which fuch Trial is made (hall be deemed and computed by fuch Officer or Officers to be fuch Number as could be made from or with fuch Liquors if diluted by Water to the Strength of Proof denoted as aforefaid, and (hall be chargeable and taken account of and charged fay fuch Officer with Duty accordingly ; and that all fiich Liquors as (halt be found, on-fiich Trial as a^refead, or as the Perfon or Perfons » whole Stock

or

58° GEO. IIL

C# 65,

251

or Poffeffion the feme ii or (hall be found (hall declare to fuch Officer or Officers as aforefaid, to be more than Thirty fire per Centum, denoted as aforefaid, above Proof, (hall be chargeable, and (hall and may be taken account of and charged by fuch Officer or Officers, with Duty at and after the Rate of One Shilling for every Pound Avoirdupois thereof, and fo in proportion for every greater or lefs Quantity.

4 IX. And to the Intent that the Officers of Excife may be ena-4 bled to examine and duly charge the Duties on all fuch Liquors 4 and Materials as aforefaid, according to the Strength thereof, if 4 above Proof, as denoted by fuch Acetomcter as aforefaid $’ Be it further ena&ed. That	it (hall and may be lawful to and for any

Officer or Officers of	Excife to take a Sample or Samples, not

j	exceeding Half a Pint	or Half a Pound Avoirdupois at One time,

i of any fuch Liquors or Materials as aforefaid, at any time found in ; the Cuftody or PoiTeffion of any Vinegar Maker or Makers for Sale as aforefaid, or any Dealer or Dealers in fuch Vinegar or Acetous Acid, except of fuch Liquors as (hall be declared by the Maker or Poflefior thereof to the proper Officer as aforefaid to be more than 1 Thirty five per Centum above Proof, returning the Materials, after | fuch Trial as aforefaid, to fuch Maker or Makers as aforefaid, or if f the Liquors of which any fuch Sample (hall be fo taken be in the 1 Cuftody or Pofieffion of any Dealer or Dealers in fuch Vinegar or ‘	Acetous Acid, paying	fuch Dealer or Dealers for fuch Sample or

\	Samples of Vinegar or	Acetous Acid, at and after the Rate of the

then current Price of fuch Liquors refpe&ively.

\ X. And be it further ena&ed, That all and every Officer and Officers of Excife (hall at all times upon his or their Kequeft, but, if in the Night, to be accompanied by a Supervifor or Surveyor, be permitted to enter into the entered Houfe, Warehoufe and other \ Place and Places belonging to or ufed by any Vinegar Maker or Makers for Sale as aforefaid, and to take an Account by Weight, Meafure or Gauge, as to fuch Officer or Officers (hall feem moft fit and convenient, of all and every fuch Liquor and Liqnors, Material and Materials as aforefaid, and of all Sulphuric Add in the Cuftody or PofTeffiou of any fuch Maker or Makers; and if any Perfon or Perfons (kail obftrud, hinder, moleft or prevent any fuch Officer or | Officers from fo doing, or in the Execution of axfy of the Powers or Authorities given or granted to him or them by this or any other Ad or Ads relating to Vinegar, every fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall for every fuch Offence feverally forfeit and lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further ena&ed, That no Vinegar Maker or Makers for Sale (hall have or receive into his Cuftody or PoiTeffion any Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or any Sugar Water, Sugar Wa(h, Melaffes Water, Melaffes Wa(h, Alegar, Stale Beer, Returns of Beer or Ak, Cider, Veijuice or other Liquor prepared or preparing for Vinegar or Acetous Add, or capable of being ufed as or applied to the Purposes of Vinegar or Acetous Add, or any Sulphuric Acid, Melaflcs* Brown Sugar, Honey (except for his or their private Family), or any Pyrolignite or Acetate of Lime or Soda, or other Material or Materials (except Corn or Grain) fit or proper to be made into or mixed with Vinegar or Acetous Add, without giving Twelve Hours1 piyvious Notice thereof in Writing to the Officer of Excife under ,	whofe

Officer* may take Sample*.

Exception.

Returning

Materials.

f Sic.

Paying for Sample!.

Officer accompanied in (be Night by Surveyor may enter Premifes and take an Account of Liquors,

Obftru&ing Officer, &c.

Penalty aooL

Vinegar Maker* not to take into their Cuftody Vinegar or Preparations for Vinegar (Exceptions) without giving 1% Hour** Notice to the Officer.

C.65.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

And not to remove, Sec.

Pendty 100L

In what cafes no Wort to he fent out, nor Vinegar or Preparation for Vinegar, unlefs Duty paid, and accompanied with a Permit.

Forfeiture of Liquor, fee. and Penalty ftool.

Vinegar Makers charging Stills with any other Liquor than Vinegar or Preparations for Vinegar,

Penalty 500L Such Stills fub-je& to Regulation! impofed in refpea of Stills ufed for re&ifr-ingBritilh Spirits.

whofe Survey fuch Maker or Makers (hall then be, Tpecifying the Day and time of the Day when the fame will be taken or received into his, her or their Cuftody or Poffeffion, and the Quantity and De-feription thereof, to the Intent that fuch Officer may be prelent to fee and take account of the fame by Weight, Meafure or Gaoge, nor lhall diminilh, remove or mix the fame or any Part thereof, with his, her or their Stock, until fuch Officer (hall have taken fuch Account as aforefaid, nor (hall afterwards ufe or employ any fuch Material or Materials uncharged with Ditty, without accounting for the fame to the Satisfaction of the Officer, upon pain of forfeiting for every fuch Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Ferfon or Ferfons (hall fell, deliver or fend out any fermenting or fermented Wort or Waft whatfoever, not being fermented Beer charged with Duty, to any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever; and that no Perfon or Perfons not being an entered Vinegar Maker or Makers (hall fend, deliver or fend out any Vinegar or purified Acetous Acid, Alegar, Stale Beer, Stale Ale or Stale Cider, Veijuice, Sugar Water or Melaffes Water, or other Liquors prepared or preparing for Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or capable of being ufed as or applied to the Purpofri of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, except to an entered Vinegar Maker, under fuch Notice for receiving the fame as aTorefaid, or without the Duties hereby impofed being firft paid or charged for or in refped of fuch Vinegar or purified Acetous Acid, Alegar, Stale Beer, Stale Ale or Stale Cider, Veijuice, Sugar Water or Melaffes Water, or other Liquors, and the fame being accompanied with a Permit or Certificate aa hereinafter mentioned, upon pain of forfeiting for every fuch Offence all fuch Liquor and Liquors as aforefaid, which (hall or may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife, together with the Cattle and Carriage or Carriages ufed or employed m removing the fame; and every Perfon or Perfons fo offending or receiving fuch Liquor or Liquors as aforefaid, (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That no Vinegar Maker or Makers who (hall have, poffefs or ufe, at or upon his, her or their entered Place or Places for making Vinegar, any Still or Stills for diftfiling, rectifying or purifying Vinegar, (hall charge and put, or caufe or fuffer to be charged or put into the fame, any other Li* quor or Material whatfoever, fave and except Vinegar or other Liquors or Materials prepared or preparing for Vinegar; and that if any fuch Maker or Makers (hall at any time employ or ufe, it or upon any fuch Place or Places, or within Three hundred Feet thereof in a direCfc Line, any Still or Stills for the Purpofe aforefaid, and (hall charge or put, or caufe or fuffer to be charged or put into any fuch Still or Stills, any other Liquor or Material than Vinegar or other Liquors or Materials prepared or preparing for Vinegar, or ihall have, poflefs or ufe, at or upon luch Place or Places for making or keeping Vinegar or Liquors or Materials preparing for Vinegar, any Still or Stiua for any other Purpofe, he, /be or they lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of Fwe hundred Pounds ; and all and every fuch Maker or Makers (hall, io the Poffeffion, Ufe and Employment of every Still and Stills for diftilling, rectifying or purifying Vinegar (not being Stills or Retorts ufed ana employed by any fuch Maker, being a ReCtifier or Purifier

of

58° GEO. IIL

253

of Acetous Add called Pyroligneous Acid only), bo fubjeft and liable to all and every the Rules, Regulations, Provilions, Ena&metfts, Penalties and Forfeitures which are by Law impofed for or in refpe& of Stills ufed and employed for rectifying Britijh Spirits.

XIV.	And be it further enaCted, That when and to often as any Vinegar Maker or Makers (hall be defirous of diluting his, her or their Vinegar or Acetous Acid, after the fame (hall have been taken account of and charged with Duty by the proper Officer, by the Addition of Water, it (hall be lawful for him, her or them fo to do, provided he, (he or they (hall give Twelve Hours’ previous Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excife under whofe Survey he, (he or they fhall then be, of his, her or their Intention to add Inch Water for the Purpofe aforefaid, fpecifying in fuch Notice the particular Day and Hour at which he, (he or they intends or intend to begin to add fuch Water, and the Quantity ot Vinegar or Acetous Acid and Water refpe&ively intended to be mixed, and the particular Veffel or Veffels into which fuch Water is to be put; and upon fuch Notice Being fo given, the proper Officer or Officers of Excife (hall attend at the time mentioned in fuch Notice, and (hall take and keep an Account of the Water then added to any fuch Vinegar or Acetous Acid as aforefaid, and which Water fuch Maker or Makers (hall, in the Prefence of fuch Officer or Officers, put into the Veffel or Veffels fpecified in fuch Notice, and mix with the Vinegar or Acetous Acid therein, with all due Diligence and Difpatch, on the Officer’s Attend* ance for that Purpofe: Provided always, that no fuch Maker or Makera (hall be at Liberty to give any fuch Notice for Water to be added as aforefaid oftener than once in Twenty four Hours, nor (hall Water be fo added at any other time than between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon ; and if any fuch Maker or Makers (hall add Water to any Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or Liquor or Liquors prepared or preparing for Vinegar, or capable of being ufed as or for the Purpofe of Vinegar, after the Officer (hall have taken an Account thereof and charged the Duty thereon, with* out fuch Notice or otherwife than as aforefaid, or (hall by any Means or Contrivance increafe the Quantity of his, her or their Vinegar, Acetous Acid or Liquors prepared or preparing for Vinegar, or capable of being ufed as or for the Purpofe of Vinegar,- above the Quantity taken account of and charged wiih Duty by luch Officer or Officers on fuch Maker or Makers, he, (he or they (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Perfon or Perfons (hall make Vinegar for Sale from Malt or other fermenting or fermentable Material or Materials at, in or upon any Houfe or Place entered or ufed for making, diftilling, reflifying or purifying Acetous Acid called Pyroligneous Acid, or for making or compounding White Lead, Sugar of Lead, Verdigris, Iron Liquor or Acetate of Lime, Acetate of Soda or Acetate of Alumine, or within the Diftance of Three hundred Feet in a direft Line from any fuch Houfe or Place, nor (hall any Perfon or Perfons make, prepare, diftil, re&ify or purify any Acetous Acid called Pyroligneous Acid, or make or compound any White Lead, Sugar of Lead, Verdigris, Iron Liquor or Acetate of Lime, Acetate of Soda or Acetate of Alumine, at, in or upon* any Houfe or Place entered' or ufed for making or manufa^uring Vinegar from Malt, or other fermenting or ferment*

able

Before diluting Vinegar after Account and Duty charged, is Hours* Notice to be given to the Officer.

Officer to attend on Notice and cake Account.

Number of Notices.

Not giving Notice, See,

Penalty SOoL

Making Vinegar for Sate from Malt, Sec, in or at a certain Dif-tance from any entered Place for diftilling or preparing Pyroligneous Acid, &c. in or at a certain Diftance from any Place entered for making Vinegar from Malt,lie.

C 65,

58* GEO. III.

JLD.181S.

Penalty jcoL Vinegar Makers 9 being Redifiert of Acetous Acid, to provide WarehouTeSy &c. with Locke and Fattening* fox depositing the concrete Acetates under the Care of the proper Qfficer.

Makers negled-ing to provide fuch Ware-houfes, See. or to pay for fuch Fattening*, or refuting to de-pofit fuch Materials, ftc.

Penalty loot

Before taking Materials from

able Material or Material*, for Saks or within the Diftance of Three hundred Feet in a dire& Line from any fuch Houfe or Place at aforefaid, nor (hall any Perfon or Perfons redify or purify any Acetous Acid called Pyroligneous Add, for Sale, from any other Material or Materials than Pyrolignite or Acetate of Lime or Soda, upon pain of forfestkg for every fuch Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XVI. And be it further ena&ed, That all and every Vinegar Maker and Makers hr Sale, being a Re&ifier or Purifier, Rewritten or Purifiers of Acetous Add, fubjeft and liable to Dntiea as 'afore-fiud, (hall provide^ maintain and enter as aforefaid a proper and fiecure Warehoufe, Storeboufe or Cellar, or Warehoufes, Storehouses or Cellars, to the Satisfaction of the Supervifor of Esdfe in whole Dittrid it or they (ball or may be fitnated, with good and fufident Locks and Fattening* thereto refpe&ively, to be provided and main, tained by fuch Supervifor at the Expence and Charge of fuch Maker or Makers refpe&ively into which Warehoufe'or Warehoufes, Store-houfe or Storehoufes, Cellar or Cellars, or fome or one of them, all and every of the dry or concrete Acetate and Acetates, or Pyrolignite or Pyrolignite* of Lime or Soda for making, re&ifying or purifying Acetous Add called Pyroligneous Add received into the Poffeflion of fuch Maker or Makers, (hall, immediately after the Receipt thereof, and before the fame (hall be rectified or purified for Sale, and upon fuch Notice as aforefaid by fuch Maker, be pot and depofited by and at his, her or their Expence ; and that every fuch Warehoufe, Storehoufe and Cellar refpe&ivdy, (hall be kept locked up and fecured by the proper Officer of Excife under whole Survey the fame (hall from time to time be, except at fuch time or times only as fuch Officer (hall be attending therein for the Purpofe of depofiting fuch Materials therein, or for weighing or taking an Account of fuch Materials brought thereto, or delivering fuch Materials therefrom, or fuch Warehoufe, Storehoufe or Cellar (hall be under aeceffary Reparation; and if any fuch Maker or Makers (hall negkd or refute at nis, her or their own Expence, to provide and fuch Warehoufe, Storehoufe or Cellar, or Warehonfes, Storehoufe* or Cellars, and enter the fame at aforefaid, or to pay fuch Supervisor as aforefaid, upon Demand, for any Lock or Locks, Key or Keys, or other Fattening or Fattening* thereon or thereto, or the Renewal or Reparation thereof, found and provided by fuch Supervifor for the Security thereof, or (hall refufe or negled to put or depofit any fuch Material or Materials as aforefaid, immediately after the having or receipt thereof, and before the Re&ification or Purification thereof, and upon fuch Notice as aforefaid, in One or more of fuch Ware-houfeStorehoufes or Cellars, according to the Dire&ions of this A6L; or if any fuch Maker or Makers, or other Perfon or Perfons (hall damage, force or open, or caufe to be damaged, forced or opened, any fuch Lock or other Fattening, or enter or caufe to be entered any fuch Warehoufe, Storehoufe or Cellar, fave at fuch time and timet as aforefaid, then and in each and every fuch cafe fuch Maker or Makers, or other Perfon or Perfons fo offending, (hall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds*

XVII. And be it further ena&ed. That when and : fo often as any fuch Maker or Mahers as afarehdd (ball intend or bo defiroua to

have

k

J

58° GEO. III.

C.65,

255

have any fuch Material or Materials as aforefaid delivered from or out of any fuch Warehouse, Storehouse or Cellar, for the Purpofe of reftifying or purifying Acetous Acid therefrom, he, (he or they (hall give Twelve Hours’ Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excife under whofe Survey fuch Warehoufe, Storehoufe or Cellar (hall be, of his, her or their Intention, fpecifying in fuch Notice the particular Day and Hour at which he, (he or they intends or intend to have fucn Materials delivered out for the Purpofe aforefaid, and the Quantity fo to be weighed aud delivered; and upon fuch Notice being fo given, the proper Officer or Officers (hall attend at the time mentioned in fuch Notice, and open fuch Warehoufe, Storehoufe or Cellar, and fuch Maker (hall thereupon proceed to weigh, and (hall with all due Diligence and Difpatch weigh out in the Prefence of fuch Officer or Officers, and to his Satisfaction, the Whole of the Material

or Materials mentioned in fuch Notice : Provided always neverthe-lefs, that no fuch Maker or Makers (hall be at liberty to give any fuch Notice for having any fuch Material or Materials fo delivered oftener than once in Twenty four Hours, or at any other time than between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon ; and every Notice given for having any fuch Material or Materials fo delivered oftener than as aforefaid, or at any other time or Hour than between the Hours in that behalf aforefaid, (hall and the fame is hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

XVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That all and every Maker and Makers as aforefaid, being a Re&ifier or Purifier, Re&ifiers or Purifiers of Acetous Acid, is and are hereby required to provide and keep proper, fufficient and juft Scales and Weights at fuch Warehoufe, Storehoufe or Cellar as aforefaid, for tne Purpofe of from time to time weighing and taking an Account of fuch Materials as aforefaid, and of all Acetous Acid and Materials for making, rectifying or purifying Acetous Acid, which (hall at any time be in the Cuftody or Poffemon of any fuch Maker or Makers as aforefaid, and (hall permit and fuffer any Officer or Officers of Excife to ufe the fame for that Purpofe, and (hall give him every needful Affiftance in weighing any fucn Acetous Acid or Materials; and if any fuch Maker or Makers (hall upon Demand as aforefaid negleCt or refufe to provide any fuch Scales and Weights, or either of them, or (hall hinder, obftruft or prevent any Officer or Officers of Excife from ufing the fame, or (hall negle& or refufe to affift him in weighing any Acetous Acid or Materials ; or if any fuch Maker or Makers as aforefaid (hall, in the weighing of any fuch Acetous Acid or Materials, make ufe of, or caufe or fuffer to be made ufe of, any fidfe, unjuft or infufficient Beam, Scale or Scales, or Weight or Weights, or (hall ufe or pra&ife any Art, Device or Contrivance, by which any fuch Officer or Officers (hall or may be deceived or hindered or prevented from taking the true and juft Weight, and ascertaining the true Quantity of any Acetous Acid or Material; fuch Maker or Makers (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with fuch falfe, unjuft or infufficient Beams, Scales, Weight or Weights, and the. Acetous Acid and Materials rCfpe&ively then weighing or weighed, and the fame (hall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

XIX. And

Warehoufe, Sec. IS Hours* Notice to be given to Officer, who (hall attend to weigh the feme.

Number and Hours of Notice.

Scales and Weights to bo provided by Maker, &c.

Makers neglecting to provide fuch Scale! and Weights, or making ufe of falfe ones, &c.

Penalty.

Makers provide Veflels for keeping Pyroligneous Acid, but Officer to take the Contents, Src. of Veflels before they are ufed.

Not providing fuch Veflels, or removing Acid before Account is takeo, See.

Penalty tool. Officer on dif-oovering a Deficiency in the Quantity of Vinegar, Arc. which fhould hare been produced, to charge fuch Deficiency with the Duty, unlefs fatisfs&orily accounted for.

C. 65*	58° GEO. III.	A.D.1819.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed* That all and every fuch Maker and Makers as aforefaid (hall* and he* (he and they is and are hereby required to provide in his* her or their Room or Place wherein he, (he or they re&ifies or purifies, re&ify or purify any Acetous Acid called Pyroligneous Acid for Sale, One or more Veffel or Veflels* of which he* (he or they (hall from time to time give Notice in Writing to the proper Officer of Excife* and (hall in fuch Notice declare the true Tare or Weight* and Content or Capacity thereof* and the true Tare of any Material in or with which the fame may be then packed* and which Veffel and Veflels (hall he gauged or meafured by the proper Officer or Officers of Excife before the fame (hall be ufed by fuch Maker or Makers to hold or receive any fuch Acetous Acid as aforefaid* in order that the Content or Capacity thereof* and the Quantity of any Acetous Acid put therein* may at any time be corre&ly weighed* known or ascertained by any luch Officer or Officers, into which Veflel or Veflels every luch Maker or Makers (hall run or put and colled all his re&ified or purified Acetous Acid as the fame is made* and before the fame or any Part thereof (hall he removed from fuch entered Place for Sale or other-wife* and (hall continue the fame therein until the proper Officer (hall have taken a true Account thereof; and if any fuch Maker or Makers (hall negle& or refufe to provide fuch Veffel or Veflels at aforefaid* or in any refpe& change or alter the fame* or to give fuch Notice thereof as aforefaid* or give any falfe Notice thereof, or remove any fuch Acetous Acid from his* her or their Workhoufc or Place in which the fame (hall have been re&ified or purified* or mix the fame or any Part thereof with his* her or their Stock* without fi^fl running or putting and colle&ing the fame and every Part thereof into fuch Veflel or Veflels as aforefaid* and continuing the fame and every Part thereof therein until the proper Officer (hau have taken a true Account thereof* or (hall by any Device or Contrivance deceive or hinder or prevent the Officer in or from weighing or taking a true Account of all fuch Acetous Acid* according to the a&usu Quantity and Strength thereof* and charging the IDuty aforefaid accordingly* every fuch Maker or Makers (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XX.	And be it further ena&ed, That if at any time or times hereafter any Officer or Officers of Excife (hall find or difeover that the Quantity of Vinegar or Acetous Acid called Pyroligneous Acid* made, extra&ed, re&ified or purified from Pyrolignite or Acetate of Lime or Soda* by any fuch Maker or Makers as aforefaid* and taken account of and charged with Duty in any of the Quarters ending refpe&ively on the Fifth Day of January * Fifth Day of April* Fifth Day of July and Tenth Day of 0Sober in every Year* (hau be deficient or fall (hort of the Quantity of Vinegar or Acetous Acid which (hould or ought to have been or was capable of being produced from the Pyrolignite or Acetate of Lime or Soda refpe&ively received by fuch Maker or Makers within fuch Quarter refpe&ively for the Purpofe of being re&ified or purified* computing dry or concrete Pyrolignite or Acetate of Lime to produce Three Quarters of a Gallon of Acetous Acid of the Strength of Proof for every Pound Avoirdupois thereof* and dry or concrete Pyrolignite or Acetate of Soda to produce One Gallon of Acetous Acid of the Strength of Proof for every Found Avoirdupois* and Acetate of Lime in Solu-

14	tton

A. D. 1818.

58° GEO. III.

C.65,

25 7

tion to produce One Gallon of Acetous Acid of the Strength of Proof for everv Two Gallons thereof of like Strength, and Acetate of Soda in Solution to produce Two Gallons of Acetous Acid of the Strength of Proof for every Three Gallons thereof of the like Strength thereof, without fuch Deficiency being duly accounted for to the Satisfaction of the Officer, fuch Officer or Officers is and are hereby authorized and required to charge fuch Maker and Makers with Duty on fo much and fuch Quantity of fuch Acetous Acid of the Strength of Proof as (hall be equal to the Quantity fo found or difcovered to be deficient.

XXI.	And be it further ena&ed, That when any Vinegar Maker Permit to be ob-or Makers ffiall have Occafion to remove from his, her or their Stock t*'0"1 on the any Vinegar or Acetous Acid fubje& to the Duties by this A A Pfmoval impofed, the proper Officer or Officers of Excife of the refpe&ive Divifion where fuch entered Warehoufe or Warehouses (hall be lituated, ffiall without Fee or Reward, from time to time, upon a Requeft Note being made and delivered, according to the Directions of this ACt, by fuch Maker or Makers, grant and give a Permit in Writing, ligned by the faid refpe&ive Officer or Officers, expreffing the Quantity, Quality and Strength (if exceeding Proof) of Vinegar or Acetous Acid to be removed, the Name or Names of the Perfons from and to whom the fame is intended to be removed, and that the Duty thereon has been paid, and limiting the time in which fuch Vinegar or Acetous Acid ffiall be removed from and out of the Warehoufe. after taking out fuch Permit, and the time in which fuch Vinegar or Acetous Acid ffiall be delivered or received into the Warehoufe or Warehoufes, or other Place or Places, of the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame is to be fent: Provided always, that Condition* on no Permit ffiall be granted to any Vinegar Maker or Makers for the which Permit Removal of more Vinegar or Acetous Acid, call and computed at sranted*

Proof as aforefaid, than the Quantity for or in refpeCt of which he, ffie or they ffiall have been charged with Duty or received by Permit, delivered to and taken account of by the Officer, and ffiall accordingly then have Credit in Stock, and that every Requeft Note from any Vinegar Maker or Makers for that Purpole ffiall be void ; and that no fuen Permit as aforefaid ffiall be granted, or be valid, Requeft Note, unleft fuch Maker or Makers requiring the fame ffiall make and fend *c* forPennit. or deliver to the Officer or Officers of Excife hereby-authorized to grant fuch Permit, a Requeft Note in Writing fpecifying the Name of the Perfon to whom fuch Vinegar or Acetous Acid is intended to be fent, the Quantity, Quality and Strength (if exceeding Proof) thereof; and alfo the Number and refpe&ive Content of the Calks, Bottles, Jars or Veflels containing tne fame, and likewife whether the fame is to be removed by Land or by Water, and by what Mode of Conveyance the fame is intended to be fent; and all Vinegar re-fuch Vinegar or Acetous Acid which ffiall be removed by or from moved without the Stock of fuch Maker or Makers without fuch Permit as afore- per®il *? "j,n“ laid, or under a Defcription not confognable to this Ad, or under fcribe^forfeiieJ a falfe Defcription, or exceeding the Quantity or Strength exprefled and Penalty in the Permit accompanying the fame, together with the Calks, iooL Bottles, Jars, Veflels and other Packages containing the fafne, ffiall be forfeited, and ffiall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife ; and the Maker or Makers from wnofe Stock the fame 58 Geo. III.	S	ffiall

258

Dealers to make Entry of Pre-mifes at the next Excife Office, to whom the Officer (hall deliver Books with printed Forms, and no Vinegar exceed* ing io Gallons (hall be fi-nt out without a Certificate filled up and taken from fuch Books figned hy Dealer.

Books to be open for Infpec-lion oi Officer.

Dealers neglecting to make Entry, obtl rafting Officers, concealing Vinegar, &c.

C. 65.	58®	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1818.

(hall be lent out, (hall for every fuch Offence incur a Penalty of One hundred Pounds.

XXII.	And he it further ena&ed, That all aiid every Dealer in, Retailer or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, (hall make Entry at the neared Office of Excife of his, her or their Warehouse, Storehoufe, Cellar, Shop or other Place or Places, in which he, (he or they (hall dore, depofit or keep fuch Vinegar or Acetous Acid or Liquor aforefaid, and before receiving any Vinegar or Acetous Acid or Liquors aforefaid for Sale ; and that every fuch Dealer in. Retailer or Seller (not being a Vinegar Maker or Makers at any entered Place or Places within the Didance of a Quarter of a Mile from fuch Warehoufe, Storehoufe, Cellar, Shop or other Place or Places) (hill upon Demand receive from the proper Officer of Excife a Book or Books, to be prepared with proper printed Forms and Titles, for the Purpofes hereinafter mentioned, and to be kept by every fuch Dealer in, Retailer and Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, in fome public and open Part of his, her or their entered Premifes; and that from and alter the Tenth Day of OQober One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen no Vinegar or Acetous Acid exceeding Ten Gallons at any one time (hall be fold, fent out or delivered by any fuch Dealer in, Retailer or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, to any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, without being accompanied by a Certificate filled up and cut out progreffively from the printed Forms of fuch Certificates contained in fuch Book as aforefaid, figned by fuch Dealer in, Retailer or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid felling, fending out or delivering the fame, or fome Perfon or Perfons on his, her or their behalf, certifying the Date thereof, the Quantity of fuch Vinegar or Acetous Acid and the Strength thereof (if above Proof), to whom fold, from whofe Stock delivered, and that the Duty has been paid thereon; and that every fuch Dealer in, Retailer or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, felling, fending out or delivering any Vinegar or Acetous Acid exceeding Ten GaUons at any one time as aforefaid, (hall at the fame time make a correfpondent Entry thereof, containing the fame Particulars, in fuch Boat as aforefaid j and that fuch Book, with fuch Entries fo made therein as aforefaid, (hall at all times lie open and expofed in the entered Premifes of fuch Dealer in. Retailer or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid as aforefaid, to the Perufal of any Officer or Officers of Excife, and (hall be* delivered by fuch Deader in, Retailer or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid as aforefaid, to any Officer or Officers of Excife upon Demand; and if any fuch Dealer in. Retailer or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid (hall refufe or negleft to make fuch Entry as aforefaid of all his, her or their Warenoufes, Storehoufe*, Cellars, Shops and other Places for ftoring or keeping Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or (hall at any time obftrudfc or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excife from entering therein, or infpe&ing, furveyiog, weighing or taking an Account of his, her or their Stock of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or (hall conceal any Part of fuch Vinegar or Acetous Acid from the Sight or View of the Officer or Officers, or (hall fell, fend out or deliver any Quantity of Vinegar or Acetous Acid exceeding Ten Gallons at any one time unaccompanied br fuch Certificate aa aforefaid, or making fuch Entry in fnch Book as aforefaid, or (hall convey away or conceal any fuch Book or Books as aforefaid, or cancel, obliterate, deftroy or tear out any Leaf or

Leaves

A.D. 1818,

58° GEO. IIL

C. 65.

259

Leaves therefrom, or Entry or Entries therein, or (hall make any

falfe Entry or Entries therein, or (hall oppofe, moleft, obftruft or

hinder any Officer or Officers of Excife in infpcfting any fuch

Book or Books, or any fuch Entry or Entries therein as aforefaid, or

(hall at any time negleft or rcfufe, when required, to give up to any

Officer or Officers fuch Book or Books as aforefaid, all and evenr

fuch Dealer in, Retailer or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid (o

offending, (hall for every fuch Offence feverally forfeit and lofe the

Sum of One hundred Pound*; and all Vinegar or Acetous Acid Penalty iooL

exceeding Ten Gallons, removing or removed from the Stock of Vinegar re-

any fucb Dealer or Dealers as aforefaid, without being accompanied cmTficste^or *

by fuch Certificate as aforefaid, and all Vinegar or Acetous Acid j-ound in p0fl*ef_

found in the Poffeffion of any unentered Dealer in, or Retailer or non of an unli-

Seller of Vinegar, Acetous Acid, or in any unentered Warehoufe, cenfed Dealer,

Storehoufe, Cellar, Shop or other Place of any Dealer in, or Re- for^ited»,,ld.

tailer or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, (hall be forfeited, and rcrnov,n*

(hall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife ; and *1 c’

the Perfon or Perfons removing, carrying or conveying the fame, or

aiding or affifting therein, or in whofe Cuftody the fame (hall be

found, (hall forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.	Penalty xool.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That any Officer or Officers Officer in taking of Excife (hall and may at any time or times take an Account of the Stock, on finding Stock of Vinegar or Acetous Acid refpeftively of any Maker or “ 'Exccli, the Makers of or Dealer or Dealers in Vinegar or Acetous Acid liable ^fa^orfeited * or fubjeft to the Duties or any of them impofed by this Aft ; and BJUi faxed, if, on taking any fuch Account, the Quantity of Vinegar or Acetous Acid refpeftively found in any fuch Stock, added to the Quantity for which Permits (hall have been granted, or Certificates fent out as direfted by this Aft, fince the time of taking the lad preceding Account of fuch Stock, (hall exceed the Quantity of Vinegar or Acetous Acid refpeftively found in fuch Stock at the time of taking fuch lad preceding Account, added to the Quantity fince made, or legally received with Permit or Certificate, duly delivered to the proper Officer, into fuch Stock as aforefaid, fuch Vinegar or Acetous Acid refpeftively, when above Proof, being cad and computed at that Strength, a Quantity of Vinegar or Acetous Acid equal to the Quantity round in Excels (hall be forfeited and lod, and (hall and may be feized and taken by the Officer or Officers of Excife who (hail difeover the fame, from and out of fuch Stock; and the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Stock fuch Quantity of Vinegar or Acetous Acid fo found in Excefs (hall be dilcovered, (hall forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.	Penalty xooL

* XXIV. And Whereas by an Aft made in the Sixth Year of 6G.3-c.x4.

*	the Reign of His prefent Majedy, for repealing the Duties granted $

*	upon Cider and Perry by an Aft made in the Third Year of His

*	prefent Majedy’s Reign, and for granting other Duties on Cider

*	and Perry in lieu thereof, and for more efFeftually fecuring the

*	Duties on Cider and Perry impofed by feveral former Afts, in cafe

*	any Cider or Perry whicn hath been charged with and paid the

*	Doties by that Aft impofed (hall be unfit for Sale as Cider and

*	Perry, and (hall be charged with the Duties upon Vinegar, it is

*	direfted that the faid Duties upon Cider or Perry thereon charged

*	and paid, (hall be allowed and drawn back on fuch Proof as is

*	therein mentioned : And Whereas it is expedient to repeal fo much

S	2	«	of

260

C. 65.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

repealed.

Vinegar or Materials found concealed, adulterated, &c. forfeited and Penalty iooI.

Commiflioners may compound for the Duty with any Rectifier.

If any Queftion 111 all arife, whether Vinegar or Acetous Acid feized be really fo; the Proof to lie on the Owner.

‘ of the faid Ad at it herein recited Be it therefore enaded, That from and after the paffing of this Ad, fo much of the faid Ad as is hereinbefore recited (hall be, and is, and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXV.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall remove, depofit, hide or conceal any Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or Liquors preparing for Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or capable of being ufed as or apjuied to the Purpofes thereof, or any Material or Materials for making, redifying or purifying the fame, fubjed or liable to the Duties of. Excife hereby impofed, with Intent to evade the Payment of fuch Duties, or fo that His Majefty may be defrauded therein; or fhall adulterate or mix with any Vinegar or Acetous Acid any other Acid (except Sulphuric Acid), m the Proportion not exceeding One Thoufandth Part thereof by Weight, all luch Vinegar or Acetous Add, Liquors and Materials fo removed, taken away, hidden, concealed or adulterated, fhall be forfeited and loft, and fhall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife; and over and beftde fuch Forfeiture, all and every Perfon or Perfons fo offending, and all Perfon and Perfons aiding or affifting or concerned therein, or receiving any fuch Vinegar or Acetous Acid, Liquors or Materials, without fuch Permit or Certificate as afore-faid, or with any falfe Permit or Certificate, fhall feverally forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

. XXVI. And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Commiflioners of Excife for the time being, or the major Fart of them refpedively, from time to time to compound for the Duty by this A& impofed for and in refped of Acetous Acid made in Great Britain, with any Redifier or Purifier of Acetous Acid, in fuch manner and Form, and upon fuch Terms and Con-ditions, as fhall in the Judgment of fuch Commiflioners be moft to the Advantage and Improvement of the Receipts of the faid Duty; any thing in this or any other Ad to the contrary thereof notwith-ftanding.

XXVII. And be it further enaded, That if any Queftion fhall arife whether any Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or Liquors or Materials prepared or preparing for, or capable of being ufed as or applied to the Purpofes of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or which fhall have been fo ufed or applied refpedively, which fhall be feized as and for Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or Liquors or Materials prepared or preparing for, or capable of being ufed as or applied to the Purpofes of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or which fhall have been fo ufed or applied refpedively, forfeited under or by virtue of this Ad, he Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or Liquors or Materials premured or preparing for, or capable of being ufed as or applied to tne Purpofes of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or which fhall have been fo ufed or applied refpedively, for or on which fuch Forfeiture is by this Ad impofed; the Proof of fuch Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or Liquors or Materials prepared or preparing for, or capable of being ufed as or of being applied to the Purpofes of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or which mail have been fo ufed or applied refpedively, not being Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or Liquors or Materials prepared or preparing for, or capable of being ufed as or applied to the Purpofes of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or which fhall have been fo ufed or applied refpedively, for or on which fuch Forfeiture is by this Ad impofed, Audi lie upon the Owner or Claimer thereof.

XXVIII. And

A.D.I818.

58° GEO. III.

261

[•

r.

}

e

Is

I*

r:

a 65, 66.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That all and every of the Powers, Di reft ion 8, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, matters and things which in and by an Aft made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An A8 for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights9 Service and Purveyance ; and for fettling a Revenue upon Jriis Majejly in lieu thereof; chr by any other Law now in force relating to His Majefty*s Revenue of Excife, are provided and eftablifhed, (hall be (except fo far as any of them may be altered by this Aft) praftifed, ufed and put in Execution, in and for the Pur-pofes of this Aft, as fully and eifeftually to all Intents and Pur-pofes, as if all and every the faid Powers, Rules, Direftions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claules, matters and things, were particularly repeated and re-enafted in this prefent Aft.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted, That all Fines, Penalties and: Forfeitures impofed by this Aft (hall be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by fuch ways, means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any JLaw or Laws of Excife, or by Aftion of Debt, BUI, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty's Courts of Record at Wejl~. minfter, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, refpeftively; and that One Moiety of every fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture fhall* be to His Majeily, His Heirs and SuccefTors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them, who (hall difeover, inform or fue for the fame.

u

ft

S'

):

%

2

*

*

f

it

*

I4

>

J

o

$

11

i:

CAP. LXVI.

An Aft to empower any Three or more of the Commiffioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt to exercife all the Powers and Authorities given to the faid Commiffioners by any Aft or Afts of Parliament.	[3d	June	1818.]

*	TX7HEREAS an Aft paded in the Twenty fixth Year of the 4 VV Reign of His prefent Majeily, intituled An A8 for vejling 4 certain Sums in Commidioners at the End of every Quarter of a Tear,

*	to he by them applied to the ReduQion of the National Debt: And 4 Whereas another Aft pafled in the Fifty fecond Year of the Reign 4 of His prefent 'Majefty, intituled An A8 for amending two A8s 4 Puffed in the Forty eighth and Forty ninth Tears of His prefent

*	majejly, for enabling the Commiffioners for the Redu8ion of the

*	National Debt to grant Life Annuities : And Whereas it was by 4 the faid firfl recited Aft enafted, that all the Powers, and Autho-4 rities which the faid Commiffioners were or might be enabled to 4 exercife by the faid recited Aft, or any future Aft or Afts of 4 Parliament, ihould and might be exercifed by any Number not lefs 4 than Four: And Whereas by the faid laft recited Aft it was enafted, 4 that it (hould be lawful for any Three or more of the faid Com-4 miffioners for the Reduftion or the National Debt to execute and 4 do all matters and things which by the Afts therein recited and 4 the faid recited Aft the faid Commiffioners are required and em-4 powered to do: And Whereas Doubts have arifen as to whether 4 certain Afts, matters and things authorized and required to be 4 done by the faid Commiffioners under feveral Afts of Parliament 4 can be executed and done by Three of fuch Commiffioners ; and 4 it is expedient that fuch Doubts (hould be removed, and that any

S 3	4	Three

Powers of isC.a. c.S4* or any other Law of Excife, to extend to this Aft.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

36-G.3. c. 31.

53 O. 3. c.139*

36 O. 3. c.31. f S+

C. 66, 67.

58® GEO. III.

A.D.18I8.

Three Commif-fi oners empowered to a&.

Power* exercifed hy Three Commiffioners as valid as if done by Four.

57 G.3.C.107.

(fufpended hy j8 0.3. c.i.)

57 O 3. e. 107. repealed.

Magiftratea of certain Qualifications to meet in Counties, Counties of Cities, 8tc.

<	Three or more of the faid Commifiioners ihould be empowered to ad in all cafesBe it therefore enaded by The King’s Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That it (hall be lawful for any Three or more of the Commifiioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to ufe and exercife all Powers and Authorities, and to execute and do all Ads, matters and things, which by virtue of any Ad or Ads heretofore palled and now in force, or which may hereafter be palled, the faid Commifiioners are or may be required or authorized or empowered to ufe, exercife, execute, perform or do ; any thing in any Ad or Ads to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And be it further enaded. That all the Powers and Authorities which (hall have been heretofore exercifed and performed, and all Ads, matters and things which (hall have been executed and done, by any Three'or more of the Commifiioners for the Redudion of the National Debt, {hall be as valid and effedual in all Refpeds and to all Intents and Purpofes as if fuch Powers and Authorities had been exercifed, and fuch Ads, matters and things executed and done, by any Four of fuch Commifiioners $ any thing in any Ad or Ads to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. LXVII.

An Aft to provide for the more deliberate Inveftigation of Pre-fentments to be made by Grand Juries for Roads and Public Works in Ireland, and for accounting for Money raifed by fuch Prefentments.	[3d June 1818.]

1 TT7HEREAS an Ad was pafied in the laft Seffion of Parlia-

*	YV ment, intituled An A3 to provide for the more deliberate ( Inveftigation of Prefentments to be made by Grand Juries for Roads

*	and Public Works in Ireland, and for accounting for Money raifed 1 by fuch Prefentments ; and by an Ad made in the prefent Seffion ‘ of Parliament, the Operation of the faid recited Ad of the laft

*	Seffion was fufpended until the End of the prefent Sfffion of Par-

*	liament; and it is expedient that the faid recited Ad of Jthe laft

*	Seffion of Parliament Ihould be repealed, and that more effedual « Provifions Ihould be made for the regular and deliberate Invefti-

*	gation of the Neceffity and Propriety of all Roads, Buildings and

*	Works, which may be propofed to be executed under the Prefent-

<	ment of the feveral Grand Juries in Ireland, under and by virtue

*	of fundry Ads of Parliament$’ Be it therefore euaded by The King’s Molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the paffing of this Ad, the faid recited Ad of the laft Seffion of Parliament (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for every Magiftrate of every County, County of a City, and County of a Town in Ireland, within their refpedive Jurifdidion, who fkau be feifed and pofiefied of a Freehold Eftate in Fee Simple or Fee Tail, or as Tenant for Life under Deed or Devife, in Pofieluon of the

annual

A.D. 1818.	58° GEO. III.	C.	67.	283

annual Value of Three hundred Pounds at leaft, or of a Leasehold

Eftate in Perpetuity, or for Life or Lives, or for any Term of

Years not left than Twenty Years unexpired, of the annual Value

of Five hundred Pounds at the leaft, or who (hall be Heir Apparent

to any Perfon feifed or poflefled of Freehold or Leafehold Enates of

fuch Amount, or who (hall be entitled to aft as a Magiftrate for

any County of a City or County of a Town, or for any City and Li-

berties, according to the Charter of Incorporation of fuch City or

Town, although not pofiefied of a Freehold or Leafehold Eftate to

the feveral Amounts aforefaid, to aflemble, and fuch Magiftrates are

hereby required to aflemble, in the Court Houfes and other ufual

Places of holding the Seffiona in each and every County, County

of a City, or County of a Town, at the General Quarter Seilions

of the Peace holden and to be holden in the Month of January,

and alfo at the Quarter Seilions holden and to be holdeu neareft to

Eajler in each and every Year, immediately after all the ufual Crown

or Criminal Bufinefs at fuch Seilions (hall have been completed ; Applications for

and fuch Magiftrates fo affembled fhall at every fuch Seilions and m-king Roads

Adjournment thereof, upon the Bench in open Court, proceed to

take into Conlideration all Applications or Propofals for the making £“ t£n t°£c*t0

or repairing of Roads, or for the executing of any Public Works int0 Confidera-

belonging to the County of a City, County of a Town, or Diftrift tiou at the

in which fuch Magiftrates are fo aflembled, in manner hereinafter times herein

mentioned; and fhall adjourn fuch Seffions, for the Purpofes of this *nemion«d*

Aft, from Place to Place, within every County of Ireland, until fuch Seilions fhall have been holden at all the feveral Court Houfes and other Places of holding fuch Seffions within each County, where fuch Seffions fhall be then holden For the Difcharge of Crown or Criminal Bufinefs; and fuch Magiftrates (hall have Power to adjourn from Day to Day only fexcept from Saturday to Monday) and from Place to Place, until fuch Seffions (hall be completed in all fuch Places as aforefaid $ all fuch Applications or Propofals as (hall relate to any Roads or Public Works, for which it is intended to apply for Presentments at the Spring Affizes, (hall be confidered at Some fuch Seffions or Adjournment thereof, to be holden in the Month of January next preceding fuch Affizes ; and all fuch Applications or Propofols as (hall relate to any Roads or Public Works, for which it is intended to apply for Presentments at the Summer Affizes, (hall be confidered at Some fuch Seffions or Adjournment thereof to be holden neareft to Eajler next preceding fuch Affixes.

III.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful Additional for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Places may be Ireland for the time being, upon any Representation to be to him	b7

made by the Grand Jury for that Purpofe, at any Affizes for any na*rt County, to nominate and appoint any one or more additional Town cati0’n 0f Grand or Towns, Place or Places, within fuch County, at which Town or Jury, for holding Towns, Place or Places, Special Seffions (hall and may be holden at Special Seflioa the Said feveral Periods, for the Purpofe of carrying this Aft into to executing Execution within and for fuch Diftrift or Diftrifts, to be meafured by and to confift of Baronies, Half Baronies or Parifties, as (hall, by Order of fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, upon fuch Representation as aforefaid, be annexed to fuch Town or Towns, Place or Places, for the Purpofes of this Aft; and fuch Special Seffions, for the Purpofes of this Aft, (hall be holden

S 4?	at

C.67-

58* GEO- III.

A. D. 1818*

Magi A rates fworn to execute Adi.

Who to prefide as Chairman.

Chairman to fend Lift of Magiftrates qualifying, to Secretary of Grand Jury. Secretary to attend, Arc.

Notice of Applications for Propofals for Repairs of Roads, &c. to be pofted as herein mentioned.

All Adis requiring grounding Affidavits repealed.

at and adjourned to foch Towns or Places, fo mentioned and appointed, in like manner as is hereinbefore required, with refped to the holding and adjourning Seffions at or to the feveral Places of holding Seffions for Crown or Criminal Bufinefs, until fuch Seffions (hall have been holden at all the faid Places refpedively within each County.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That at the Firft Meeting of fuch Magiftrates at fuch Seffions (not lefs than Three Magiftrates being prelent, or the whole Number of Magi ft rates in any County of a Town where fuch Number (hall be lefs than Three!, every Magistrate at fuch Meeting (hall take and fubfcribe an Oath, according to the Form in Schedule (A.) to this Ad annexed, by and before any Two of the faid Magistrates fo being prefent (which Oath any One of fuch Magiftrates is hereby authorized to adminifter) ; and every Magiftrate who (hall attend at any fuch Meeting, or any Adjournment thereof, (hall, before ading in Execution of this Ad, take and fubfcribe fuch Oath in like manner: Provided always, that fuch Magiftrate (hall prefide as Chairman at every fuch Meeting or Adjournment thereof, as (hall be chofen by the Majority of the Magiftrates then prefent.

V.	And be it further enaded. That the Chairman prefiding at each and every fuch Meeting held under this Ad, (hall deliver to the Secretary of the Grand Jury of the County, County of a City or Town refpedively, a corred Lift, figned by himfelf, of the Ma-

C’n ates who (hfril have taken and fubfenbed the faid Oath, and who have been prefent at each fuch Meeting refpedively; which Lift (hall be laid before the Grand Jury by the faid Secretary at the enfuing Affizes; and fuch Secretary is hereby required to attend each and every fuch Meeting, and ad as Clerk to the Magiftrates there aflembled ; and (hall adfo from time to time tranfmit or deliver all the Oaths of Qualification fo made by fuch Magiftrates to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, to be by him preferved among the Records of the County.

VI. And be it further enaded, That Notices in Writing of all Applications, Requefts or Propofals for the laying out, forming, making or repairing of Roads, or for building or repairing of Court Houfes, Seffions Houfes, Bridges or Walls, or for executing any other public Works, intended to be fubmitted to the Magiftrates at fuch Seffions, (hall be pofted, by or on behalf of the Perfons making fuch Propofals, on the Door of the Parifh Church, where there is any fuch Church in Repair, and where there is not any fuch Church in Repair, then on the Door of the next adjoining Parifii Church which is in Repair, and alfo on the Door of any Roman Catholic Chapel which may be within the Pariih to which luch Pro-pofal relates, upon the Sunday next but one previous to the Firft Day of holding fuch General Quarter Seffions, in the Forenoon, between the Hours of Nine and Twelve o'clock.

VII. And be it further enaded. That from and after the Firft Day of November next enfuing the paffing of this Ad, all fuch Parti of any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland as require any Affidavit or Affidavits to be made for the Purpofe of grounding any Prefeotmeot or Presentments for the making or repairing any Road, or executing any public Work, (hall, as to fuch Roads and^public Works, be and the fame are hereby repealed; and that in lieu thereof, whenever it

5	(hall

A.D. 1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. 67.

265

f

I

\

r

i£

>

A

g

tS

f

*

»

s-

£

f

f

5

*

s'

*

(

I*

S

i

fhall be intended that any Application, Requeft or Propofal (hall be made to the Magiftrates at any SeflionB to be bolden purfuant to this Ad, for the laying out, forming, making or repairing of Roads, or for building or repairing of Court Houfes, Seffions Houfes, Bridget or Walls, or for executing any other public Works, fuch Application fhall be made in Writing, as nearly as may be in fome one of the Forms marked (B, C, D, £, F, G, and H) in the Schedule to this A d annexed, refpedively fet forth, figned by at lead two Perfons, fully defcribing the Nature of the Road, Building or Work propofed or deiired, accompanied with a detailed Eftimate of the Ex pence thereof, a Specification of the Quantity and Nature of the Materials to be uifed, and alfo with fuch Maps, Sedions, Ground Plans and Elevations, as (hall be neceffary for fully explaining and afcertaining the Situation, Nature, Utility and probable Expence of fuch Road, Building or Work refpedively ; and every fuch Eftimate, Specification, Map, Ground Plan, Sedion and Elevation, (hall be figned by fome known Surveyor, Engineer or Archited, or by fome other competent Perfon ; and the Expence attending the making of every fuch Eftimate, Map, Sedion, Ground Plan and Elevation, (hall be defrayed and borne by the Perfon6 making fuch Application, or one of them.	•

VIII. Provided always, and be it enaded, That no Prefentment fhall be made for laying out any fuch new Road, unlefs it (hall appear to the Grand Jury, by the Affidavit of One credible Witnefs, fworn before a Juftice of the Peace for fuch County, that a Map of fuch new Road has been depofited with the Treafurer of the County Twenty one Days at leaft before the Commiffion Day of the Affizes, and that a Notice fetting forth that an Application is intended to be made at the next Affizes for a Prefentment to lay out a new Road from	to	diftinguiftiing	the

feveral Townlands and Baronies or Half Baronies through which it is intended to be carried, with the Number of Perches it is to be made in Length through each Townland, has been perfonallv ferved upon or left at the Houfe of each Occupier of the Land tnrough which fuch new Road is intended to be made in fuch County, Twenty one Days at leaft before the Commiffion Day of the Affizes, and that a like Notice has been alfo pofted upon the Door of the County Court Houfe Twenty.one Days at leaft before the Commiffion Day of the Afiizes ; nor uulefs it (hall alfo appear, by an Affidavit fworn in like manner, unlefs the fame be from Poft Town to Poft Town, and presented under the Regulations of an A d paffed in Ireland in the Thirty Second Year of His prefect Majefty, intituled An AS for improving and keeping in Repair the Pofi Roads of this Kingdom, that no Part of fuch new Road is to be made through any Deer Park or Field endofed with a Wall built of Lime and Stone or Bricks Five Feet high or more, without the Confent of the Owner thereof; and no Part thereof is to be made through any HouSe entirely built with Lime and Stone or Bricks, or through any Office or Orchard belonging to any Perfon inhabiting a Houfe fo built, without the Con-fcnt ofifuch Perfon.

IX* Provided alfo, and be it enaded, That nothing in this Ad contained (hall repeal any Part of any Ad or Ads now in force in Ireland requiring certain Affidavits to be taken by Supervisors and

Deputy

Hi lieu thereof, Application for Road* and Works to be made to Seilions in writing, with Eftimate* and Mips annexed, and figned by a Surveyor, See.

By whom Expence defrayed.

Affidavit required as to new Road.

Affidavit to ftate that Road is not to be made through any Deer Park, Sec.

(Exception,) without Confent of Owner, ftc.

Provifo for Ada requiring Affidavits by Supervi-fora.

266

Eftimate written on ftampcJ Paper.

How and upon what Scale Maps of Roads fhall be drawn to accompany Applications for them.

Eftimates, &c. lodged with Secretary of Grand Jury 15 Days before each Seffion, &c. Secretary to arrange and number Eftimates, and m?ke fe-parate Schedules of the fame.

C. 67.	58°	GEO. III.	A.D.	1818.

Deputy Supervisors, for grounding any Prefentment or Prefentments for Money advanced by them.

X.	And be it further enafted, That every fuch Eftimate (hall be written upon a Paper ftamped in the fame manner and with the fame Amount of Stamp Duty as is or fhall by Law be payable for and in refpe& of the Affidavit neceffary for grounding the Prefentment fo applied for.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That whenever any fuch Application fhall be for the making any new Road or Line of Road, whatever the propofed Length of fuch Road fhall be, or for the widening any old Road, or for the lowering any Hill, or for the filling up of any Hollow in any Line of Road, the Map or Plan accompanying the Eftimate on fuch Application fhall be drawn upon a Scale not lefs than that of Twenty Perches to an Inch; and fuch Map of Plan fhall corre&ly exhibit the Ground Plan of every fuch propofed Road, and alfo of every adjoining public Road or Highway with which it may be neceffary or deferable to compare it, m order to determine on the Expediency of complying with fuch Application; and fuch Map or Plan fhall alfo be (haded in fuch manner as to represent and exhibit the Situation of all Hills occurring on the Line of any fuch propofed or exifting Road, and alfo fhall exhibit all Streams of Water which may run or flow acrofs any fuch propofed or exifting Road, and all Bogs or Marfhes through which any fuch propofed or exifting Road may paf9, and the Boundaries and Denominations of all fuch Townlands as any fuch Road fhall traverfe, fo far as they are refpe&ively interfered by the faid Road, and all Houfes ftanding or being within Ten Perches of any fuch propofed or exifting Road re-fpe&ively, and the Names of the occupying Tenants thereof refpeft-ively; and every fuch Map or Plan fhall be accompanied by a perpendicular Section of every fuch propofed and exifting Road, and in the Cafe of a new Road by a Crofs Section likewife of the fame, fhowing the intended Form of the faid new Road, and the Depth and Pofition of the Materials to be employed thereon ; the Scale of which Se&ion or Sections fhall be in fuch Proportion to the Ground Plan of fuch propofed and exifting Roads, as fhall be convenient for the due Comparifon of fuch Sections and Ground Plans with each other, and every fuch Map and perpendicular Se&ion fhall fhow in every Part of all fuch propofed or exifting Roads, and qf all fuch Hills and Hollows as fhall be delineated in fuch Map, the Degree of Rife or Fall and Inclination or Declination (expreffedin Feet and Inches) of every Part of the Surface of fuch Roads, Hills and Hollows re-fpe&ively; and the Height (expreffed in Feet and Inches) of every Part of fuch Surface above the bafe Line thereof.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That every fuch Application, with the Eftimates, Maps, Se&ions, Ground Plans and Elevations relating thereto fhall be lodged with the Secretary of the Grand Jury Fifteen Days at the leaft previous to the firft Day of the faid January and Eafter Quarter Seffions to be liolden refpe&ively in each and every Year; and every fuch Secretary fhall, immediately upon the Receipt of fuch Applications, with the Eftimates, Plans and other Matters relating thereto, arrange the fame to the beft of his Skill and Knowledge, according to the feveral Diftri&s in which they fhall be to be taken into Confideration, and fhall number and make Abftrads of the Contents of the fame in feparate Schedules, (that is to fay, One Schedule

58° GEO. III.

C. 67.

267

dule for each Diftrift) ; and every Ab ft raft in every fuch Schedule fhall be marked with a Number correfponding with tne Numbers in-dorfed upon the feveral Applications, aud in fuch manner as that all the propofed Repairs on any Line of Road fhall be placed in regular Order one after the other.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Secretary of the Grand Jury fhall lay before fuch Magiftrates at every fuch Seffiona refpeftively, and the feveral Adjournments thereof, all the Applications with the Eftimates, Maps and other Matters relating thereto refpeft-ively, which fhall have been lodged with him as aforefaid, for executing public Works within the Diftrift or County of a City or County of a Town in which fuch Magiftrates fhall be fo aftembled, together with the Schedule of the fame fo made by him as aforefaid ; and the Surveyor or other Perfon by whom any fuch Eftimate fhall be figned as required by this Aft, fhall attend at fuch Seflions (at the Expence of the Parties making fuch Application), and fhall be there lworn before the faid Magiftrates in open Court upon the Bench, to the Truth of fuch Eftimate, and of all Maps, Plans and Papers figned by fuch Surveyor or other Perfon; whereupon fuch Eftimate fhall be marked “ Sworn/9 and figned by the prefiding Magi ft rate; and fuch Surveyor or other Perfon fhall alfo be fworn in open Court to make true Anfwer to all fuch Queftions as fhall be then afked of him refpefting fuch propofed Work; and it fhall be lawful for any Perfon defiring Information refpefting the Particulars of fuch propofed Work, to examine fuch Surveyor or other Perfon having to figned and fworq to the fame; and fuch Magiftrates fo af-fembled, or fuch Number as fhall be prefent, being not lefs than Three, fhall proceed in open Court, upon the Bench there, to take into Confideration and difpofe of all luch Applications whereof Notice fhall have been pofted and given fn manner required by this Aft (fuch Notice to be proved on Gath to the Satisfaftion of fuch Magiftrates), and the'Eftimate, Maps, Plans and Papers relating whereto wall be fworn at fuch Seflions in manner required by this Aft, and none others ; and fuch of the faid Applications as fhall be approved by the Majority at fuch Seflions as aforefaid, fhall be figned by the Chairman, with the word “ Approved99 prefixed; and all fuch Propofals as fhall be difapproved by the Majority at fuch Seflions, fhall be figned by the Chairman with the word “ Difapproved*9 prefixed; and fuch Chairman, in all cafes when the Numbers are equal, fhall have a cafting Voice: Provided always, that all Eftimates relating to fuch Applications fhall be fworn before the Magiftrates aftembled as aforefaid within the Diftrift in which the Road or Work*to which fuch Application fhall relate is propofed to be executed ; and that in all cafes the Chairman of fuch Seflions, and fome One other Magiftrate prefent at fuch Seftion, fhall both of them fign the Jurat of every fuch Affidavit; and fo foon as the Magiftrates afiembled at fuch Seflions fhall have examined and decided upon all fuch Applications in fuch Diftrifts as fhall be laid before them at fuch Seflions, the Chairman of fuch Seflions fhall deliver all fuch Applications, whether approved or difapproved, together with the Eftimates, Maps, Plans and all other Matters relating to the fame, to the faid Secretary of the Grand Jury; and all fuch Applications, whether approved or dif-approved, fhall by the faid Secretaiy of the Grand Jury be laid before the Grand Jury at the next exuuing Affixes.

XIV.	Pro-

Secretary of Grand Jury fco lay Applications, Efiimates, 8c c. befme Selfions.

Notice of Application.

Eftimates to bt fworn before Seflions.

Chairman to deliver Applications, Prefent-ments, 8cc. to Secretary of Grand Jury,

C. 67.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Where the Sum applied for does not exceed lot. an Eftimate only to be produced.

T reafurers, Secretary, Collector, &c. not to be impannel-led on a Jury.

Prefent Oath of Grand Juror* not to extend to Prefentments (or Public Works.

Oath of Grand Jury relating to Prefentments for railing Money, &c.

Grand Juror may difclofe Evidence.

Secaetarv to make Schedules, entering Ab-ftrads of all Applications. What fuch Schedules are to (late.

XIV.	Provided always. That in all cafes of Application for re-pairing Roads, wherein the total Sum applied for (hall not exceed Twenty Pounds, it (hall not be neceffary to produce any Map or Sedion, or for any Surveyor to be examined relating to the faid Application, but that in fuch cafes the written Application (hall be accompanied by an Eftimate in the Form prefcribed by Schedule (G.) fubfcribed bv the Perfons who (hall have fubfcribed fuch Application; and that at lead One of the faid Perfons (hall attend at fuch Quarter Seflions, and verify upon Oath the Fairnefs of fuch Eftimate, aod further anfwer upon Oafh all fuch Queftions relating to the fame as (hall be put to him by any Magiftrate ading at fuch Quarter Seflions.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall not be lawful for any Sheriff of any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, to return upon any Panncl for any Grand Jury at any Aflizes in fuch County, County of a City, or County of a Town, any Perfon who (hall be either Treafurer of the County, Secretary of the Grand Jury, Chief Conftable, or Colledor of any Barony, or Clerk of the Crown, or Clerk of the Peace.

XVI.	And be it further enaded and declared that the Oath taken by Grand Jurors in Ireland, in fuch manner and Form as hath heretofore been pra&ifed according to Law at the feveral Aflizes in Ire-land, (hall not, at any time after the paffing of this Ad, extend or relate, or be conftrued or taken to extend or relate to any of the Duties of Grand Jurors conneded with Prefentments for the Execution of Public Works.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the palling of this Ad, every Grand Juror, immediately after being fworn before the Judge of Affize in fuch manner and Form as hath heretofore been pradifed according to Law at the feveral Aflizes in Ireland* (hall in open Court at fuch Aflizes alfo take the Oath following ; that is to fay,

4 YOU (hall diligently inquire, on behalf of the County [or County

*	of the City, or County of the Town} of	and

‘ true Prefentment make, of all fuch matters and things as (hall be

*	lawfully given to you in Charge, or as (hall come before you in any 4 wife, relating to the railing of any Money upon the faid County

*	[or County of City, or County ot Town] of	of

4 being any Barony, Half Barony, Diftrid or Parilh therein, or re-4 lating to the Expenditure of any fuch Money: You (hall not pre-

*	fent, nor allow nor difallow any Matter or thing through Hatred, 4 Malice or ill Will, nor through Fear, Favour or Affedion.

So help you GOD.* And it (hall and may be lawful for any Grand Juror to difclofe any Evidence or other matter or thing whatsoever, relative to the making or refuflng of any fuch Prefentment, or relative to the Expenditure of any Money railed by Prefentment.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded, That the Secretary to the Grand Jury (hall forthwith after the Selfions of Magiftrates (hall have been held in the feveral Diftrids at the time fpecified, arrange and number all fuch Applications, Eftimates, Prefentments, and other Matters relating to fuch Eftimates and Prefentments, and (hall caufe Abftrads thereof to he made and inferted in Schedules, to be made (One for each Barony and Half Barony, and One for the County),

with

A. D. 1818.	58°	GEO.	IIL	C.	67.

with each Item Separately numbered ; diftinguifhing by the Words «< Approved,” or “ Disapproved,” the Determination of the Ma-giftrates on every fuch Application, at any Seffions holden under 1 this AH; and ftating the Sum of Money required for each Item, l and cafting up the Amount of all fuch Sums at the Foot of each Page, and carrying forward the fame, fo as to (how the total Amount t of the Sum which is propofed or required to be railed off the County at large, and the Sums propofed or required to be railed in *eacfi Barony and Half Barony, and Specifying the Amount of the Charge c which fuch Amount would, if prefented, occafion on each Barony or Half Barony, particularizing and diftinguifhing the Charge propofed • or required to be raifed on every Barony or Half Barony for their f	refpettive Ufe, and the Proportion of the Sums fo to be raifed on

{	the fame Barony or Half Barony, ariling from the Charge on the

i County at large; and fuch Secretary (hall caufe a Copy of fuch Schedules to be infested in the County and Barony Books, according as the Charge (hall belong either to the County or Barony, always ; inferting in the County Book fuch as may be doubtful, as depending on the difcretionary Power veiled in Grand Juries; and fuch Secretary (hall forthwith caufe a Number of Copies of fuch Schedules to be printed and diftributed. Ten Days at leaft before the Commif-iion Day of the enfuing Affizes, among the Several Magiftrates of . each Diftridt, and fuch other Perfons as ufually compofe the Grand Pannel of the County, County of a City or Town, to which fuch t Secretary belongs, not exceeding Thirty Copies for each Barony and Half Barony ; and fuch Secretary (hall like wife deliver a Copy of ;	fuch printed Schedule to the Foreman of the Grand Jury, imme-

i	diately after fuch Grand Jury ihall have been Sworn, and alfo a

:	Copy to the Judge of Affize, immediately upon his opening the

Commiffion, and ihall keep a Copy in his Office for the Infpe&ion of all whom it may concern ; and the Said Secretary ihall have fuch Copy ready for Infpc&ion at his Office at all reafonable times, after . fucn Schedule has been printed, previous to fuch Affizes.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Secretary to the Grand Jury at every Affizes (fo Soon as the Grand Jury ihall be Sworn at fuch Affizes) (hall deliver all fuch Applications, the Eftimates, Maps, Plans and Papers relating whereto ihall have been Sworn to at any Seffions of fuch Magiftrates, together with the Forms of the Presentments thereon, to the Foreman of fuch Grand Jury, and fuch Grand Jury ihall proceed to take the fame into Coniideration ; and fuch of the Said Presentments as ihall be disapproved of by fuch Grand Jury, ihall and may be forthwith either altered or cancelled accordingly, and (hall, by the Secretary, be erafed from or altered in the County or Barony Books; and luch of the Said Presentments as ihall be approved by the Said Grand Jury, ihall be Sanctioned conformably to fuch Approval, by the Signature of the Foreman of fuah Grand Jury ; and it mall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury to make any Presentment in refpe& of any Road or Public Work, the Particulars of the Application relating to which ihall be entered in fuch printed Schedules, although any fuch Application for fuch Road or Public Work ihall have been disapproved of by the Magif. tratea at any fuch Seffions; and alfo to prelent any Smaller Sum to be expended, or any lefs Number of Perches of Road to be made, widened or repaired, or any lefs Number of Perches of Fences to be

made*

26<J

Schedules to be printed and diftributed.

Secretary to deliver a Copy of Schedule* to Foreman of Grand Jury, and to Judge of Aflise, &c.

Affidavits and Presentments to be delivered by Secretary of Grand Jury to Foreman of Grand Jury.

Proceedings

thereon.

270

C* 67*

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

No Presentment to be con-fide red by Grand Jury nor fiated by Court, if not entered in printed Schedule.

(Exception.)

Presentments for Remuneration to Secretary of the Grand Jury.

No Money pre-fentable for any Perfon holding Offices unlefs he hat made Affidavit as herein mentioned at each Affixes.

Provifo for refusal of Application for Salary through Mifcon-dud of Party.

made, or at a {mailer Rate by the Fetch, than may be required or fet forth in any Edimate on which any Prefentment (hall be grounded, or to prefent a Part only of any Sum required aceocding to the Difcretion of fpch Grand Jury.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That no Prefentment (ballbe taken into Confideration by the Grand Jury, nor (hall be fiated by the Court, for any of the Purpofes aforefaid, unlefs the Particulm of fuch propofed Preferments (hall be entered in fuch printed Schedules ; fuch Preferments, matters or things only excepted h Grand Juries are or may be authorized by Law to prefent, the Par-ticulars of which and the Amount whereof could not have ben afcertained previous to the Quarter Seffioos neat preceding fuch Affixes, all which Prefentments, matters and things may be pmented by fuch Grand Jury after being fo impanneled, although the Purpofe thereof (hall not be fpecified or referred to in any of luch Schedules as aforefaid, and although no Proceedings (hall have been had relating thereto in manner required by this A61 at the Quarter Seffioos preceding fuch Affizes.

XXL And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may he lawful for any Grand Jury, at any Affizes, to prefent any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, to be railed off fnch County, as an Allowance or Remuneration to the Secretary of the Grand Jury for his Attendance at each of the Places wherein any Seffioos or Adjournment thereof (hall have been holden, previous to fuch Affiies for the Purpofes of this Ad, and for the performing and executing the Duties required by this Ad to be performed by fuch Secretary of the Grand Jury.

XXII.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall not be lawfod for any Grand Jury, at any Affizes, to prefent any Sum or Sant of Money in the Way of Salary, or any other AJlowance for the Payment or Remuneration of any Perfon holding or executing, or having held or executed, any Office for which any Salary or Allot* ance is claimed, unlefs there he an Affidavit of fuch Perfon prefixed to the Form of the Prefentment for the fame when laid before fuch Grand Jury, fwom before a Juftice of the Peace in Prefence of the Grand Jury, fetting forth that fuch Officer, for whom the Money is required tp be prefented, hath diligently and faithfully executed the Duties of his Office as prescribed by Law, fince the preceding Affizes ; and that he has entered into all fuch Recognizances for the due and faithful Execution of his Office, which by any Law he is required to do, to the bed of his Knowledge and Belief, fpecifying the Names of the refpe&ive Sureties ; and no Application (hill be made for any Prefentment for any Salary or Remuneration to any Perfon at any Affizes, which might have been applied and prefented for at any previous Affizes, unlefs the Perfon making fuch Application (hall make an Affidavit, dating fome Reafons, fatiafa&ory to the Grand Jury, why fuch Application was not made at fuch previous Affizes $ and if it (hall happen that any Application for any Salary or Remuneration (hall be rejected or refufed by any Grand Jury at any Affizes, on account of any Negleft or Mifconduft in Office of the Party making fuch Application, it (hall not be lawful for any Grand Jury, at any fubfequent Affizes, to make any Prefentment for any fuch Salary or Remuneration, in refpe& of any Period previous to the Affizes at which fuch Application was reje&ed or refufed.

XXIII.	And

A. D. 1818.

58° GEO. III.

271

C. 67-

, XXIII. And be it farther enafted, That after the Firft Day of ' November next enfuing after the palling of this Ad, the Expenditure ' of every Sum of Money prefented by any Grand Jury for the making ' or repairing any Road, or executing any public Work, within any Barony or Half Barony of any County, or within any County of a City or Town, (hall be accounted for at any General Quarter Sefiions of the Peace to be holden in fuch County, County of a City or Town, in which fuch Road or Work (hall be (ituate, and not elfewbere, any .Law, Statute, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding; and that all Perfons intending to account for the Expenditure of any fuch Sum of Money at any fuch Quarter Sefiions, (hall give ‘ Notice in Writing to the Clerk of the Peace of their Intention fo to \ do, at lead Fifteen Days before the Firft Day of fuch Seflions; and the (aid Clerk of the Peace (hall, Ten Days at lead before the Firft Day of fuch Quarter Seflions, affix on the Door of the Sefiions c Houfe or Court Houfe of the Town or Place where fuch Sefiions Ihall be liolden, a Lift of the Names of all Perfons who (hall have given fuch Notice, and of the Roads or Works for the Expenditure whereon each Ferfon has fo given Notice to account; and at every fuch Quarter Sefiions all Accounts of which fuch Notice (hall have fo been given by the Party -accounting, and all Vouchers relating thereto, mall be verified by the Oath of the attending Overfeer appointed by the Grand Jury, and (hall be examined in open Court [ at fuch Selfions, and all fuch Oaths (hall be adminiftered in open Court by the prefiding Magiftrate; and all other Bufinpfs before fuch Court (hall in the mean time ceafe; and every fuch Oath (hall be fubfcribed by the Party making the fame, and (hall be attefted by Two of the Juftices of the Peace, attending fuch Meeting, in the Prefence of each other, fitting on the Bench in open Court; and all fuch Accounts, and all Affidavits relating thereto, (hall be forth' with tranfmitted or delivered to the Secretary or Grand Jury by the Clevk of the Peace, to be proceeded upon by the Grand Jury at the next enfuing Affizes, and the Queries on the Prefentments relating thereto (hall be difcharged by laid Grand Jury in fuch' manner in all refpefts as is now required by Law with refpeft to accounting Affidavits laid before Grand Juries at any Affizes ; and from and after the Firft Day of July which will be in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, it (hall not be lawful for the Treafurer of any County, County of a City or Town,

* to pay any Sum or Sums of Money on account or in refpeft of any Prefentment whatever, until the Queries thereon (hall be difcharged at fuch Affizes, after the Expenditure thereon (hall have been accounted for in manner required by this Aft, any Law, Statute, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

* XXIV. And Whereas it will contribute to leflen the Expence of c executing any Public Works, if the Overfeers appointed by the € Grand Juries were enabled to make Contrafts for the fame Be it therefore further enafted, That from and after the Firft Day of November next, any Overfeer may and is hereby empowered to enter into a Contraft with any fit and proper Perfon or Perfons for the Execution of any public Works to be performed by him ; and that in all fuch cafes as it is required by any Aft or Afts now in force for any Overfeer to fwear that the Account annexed to his accounting Affidavit is true in every Part, the faid annexed Account may recite

a Statement

All Money prefented by Grand Jury to be accounted for at Quarter Sefliona, on Notice and on Affidavit in open Court, See. after the Firft Day of November;

and tranfmitted to the Secretary of the Grand Jury to be proceeded upon.

Treafurer of County, See. not to pay Money until Queries difcharged.

Overfeera appointed by Grand Juries empowered to eater into Contract for Public Works.

272

C. 67'

58® GEO. III.

A. 1X1818.

Where Expenditure accounted for at O&ober Selfions, Trea-furer to iflue Money.

By what Perfons accounting Affidavit may be travelled on Notice to accounting Over-Tier.

How Traverfe tried.

Cofts.

Sums not expended within Two Years to be prefented again, tec.

Provifo for , Money raifed by Inftakntnts.

a Statement of the Works having been performed by Coatrad, and a Copy of the Contract in place of a detailed Account of the Number of Perfons or Horfes actually employed in the Execution of the Works.

XXV.	Provided always, and he it ena&ed, That where the Expenditure relating to any Prefentment (hall be duly accounted for at any Quarter Seffions that (hall be held in the Month of QQober, it (hall and may be lawful for the County Treafurer to iflue the Money prefented for the faid Work, or fuch Portion thereof as (hall be accounted for, to the Perfon entitled to receive the fame, at the time and in the manner in which fuch Treafurer is now by Law authorized to pay the fame.

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for any Perfon occupying or paying Cefs for Ten Acres of Ground, to appear at any Affizes or General Quarter Seffions to be holden withiu each County in Ireland refpe&ively, and to offer to controvert the Truth of any accounting Affidavit there produced, on the Ground of the Inefficiency of the Execution of the Work, or the undue or Non Expenditure of the Money to which fuch Affidavit (hall relate ; provided that the Perfon offering to controvert the Truth of fuch Affidavit as aforefaid (hall have given Notice in Writing of his Intention fo to do, to the accounting Overfeer, before the Firft Day of fuch Seffions or Affizes, as the cafe may be ; and whenever i any fuch Perfon fo having given Notice as aforefaid (hall fo appear and offer to controvert the Truth of fuch Affidavit, it (hall be lawful for the Court at fuch Affizes or Seffions, as the cafe may be, and they are hereby required to try the Truth of the Fad or Fads alleged in Controverfion of the Truth of fuch Affidavit, by a Jury,

in tne fame manner as any Traverfe within the Jurifdi&ion of fuch Court ought to he tried; and in cafe the Truth of fuch Fad or Fads (hall be found, the accounting Affidavit (hall be difallowed accordingly ; and it (hall not be lawful for the Clerk of the Crown, Clerk of the Peace or any other Perfons, to take or receive upon fuch Traverfe any Fee for or in refped of any fuch Traverfe ; and it (hall be lawful for the Court before which fuch Trial (hall be had, to give fuch Cofts, either to the Party controverting fuch Affidavit, in cafe fuch Affidavit (hall be difallowed, (or to the accounting Overfeer in cafe fuch Affidavit (hall be allowed,) as fuch Court (hall in either cafe think fit and reafonable, and the Amount of fuch Cofts (hall be recoverable by Civil Bill within the proper Jurifdi&ion.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded. That wnenever and fo often as it (hall happen that any Sum of Money heretofore prefented, or hereafter to be prefented, to be raifed off any County, County of a City or County of a Town, or any Barony or Half Barony, (hall not be expended agreeable to fuch Prefentment and accounted for within the Space of Two Years next after fuch Prefentment (hall have been made, it (hall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of fuch County, County of a. City or County of a Town, and they are hereby required again to prelent fuch Sums of Money, to be applied to other Purpofes, and in like manner to prefent any Saving which may be made on any Prefentment, to be expended upon feme other Work within the Barony or Half Barony upon which the former Sum or fuch Saving was prefented to he raifed, or within the County, if raifed on the County at large; Provided always, that

where

58° GEO. III.

C. 67.

273

where Sums sure prefeoted to be railed by Iiiftalmcuts for executing any Public Work, it (hall not be imperative on the Grand Jury again to prefent fuch Sums for other Purpofes in manner aforefaid.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the Firft Day of November next enfuing the palling of this Ad, in all cafes where any Barony within any County (hall confift of any Two or more diftinlfc and Unconne&ed Parts, and the Grand Jury mall be of opinion that it would be convenient and expedient to confider fuch unconne&ed Farts as feparate Baronies or Half Baronies, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Grand Jury to prefent any Sums to be raifed upon fuch Barony in1 fuch maaner that a Proportion of fuch Sum may be raifed on each of fuch unconne&ed Parts of fuch Barony, in like manner as if fuch Parts were feparate and diftind Baronies or Half Baronies; and the fame (hall be raifed and levied accordingly ; any former Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary in anywife not-withftanding.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded, That any Perfon who in any Affidavit, or in any Examination on Oath required to be made or had under this Ad (hall fwear falfely, (hall be fubjed*and liable to all fuch Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as may be infii&ed on wilful and corrupt Perjury by the Laws in force in Ireland.

XXX.	' And be it further enaded, That in all cafes where, upon any Affidavit for fupporting any Application for any Prefentment, or for authenticating any Eftimate, or other matter or thing relating to fucb'Application, according to the Diredion of this Ad, or for accounting for Public Money, it (hall appear to the Grand Jury that the Perfon or Perfons making fuch. Affidavits has or have been guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury,' it (hall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury to make fuch Prefentment for defraying the Profecu-tton of fuch Delinquent as to them may feem fitting and expedient.

XXXI.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to the County of Dublin, or to the County of the City of Dublin, except only fo far as is hereinafter exprefsly enaded and provided by this Ad ; aiid that nothing in this Ad contained (hall alter or repeal or be * conftrued to alter or repeal any Local Ad relating to the manner of prefenting or accounting in any other County, or County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland.

* XXXII. And Whereas by an Ad pafled irf the Parliament of

*	Ireland in the Twenty fixth .Year of the Reign of His prefent

*	Majefty, intituled An Ad for making, widening and repairing

*	Public Roads in the County of Dublin, and for repealing Parts of

*	feveral Ads formerly made for that Purpofe; it is enaded, that 1 every Affidavit to ground a Prefentment, or to account for Work

*	done, (hall be lodged with the Secretary of the Grand Jury Four

*	Days at lead before the Firft Sitting Day of each prefenting

*	Term; and it would.be of great Benefit and Advantage to the faid ‘ County of Dublin, that the faid Affidavits fhould be lodged tVith

*	the ading Secretary of the Grand Jury of the faid County fo many € Days previous to the Firft Sitting Day of each prefenting Term,

*	that Schedules of fuch Affidavits might be prepared and printed

*	for Delivery to Magiftrates and others previous to fuch Term •/ Be it therefore enaded, That all Affidavits for Preferments for forming, levelling, fencing, draining, widening, making, repairing or

53 Geo. III.	T	otherwife

Where Paronie9

confift of dillinct and unconnected Parts, ho** Sums raifed on them to be apportioned.

Falfe fwearing. Perjury.

In cafe of Perjury, Grand Jury may or lor and prti'enr Ex-pence of Prosecution.

Provifo for County and County of City of Dublin, Sec. and for local Alts.

16 G 3. (T) c. 14- requiring Affidavits for grounding Pre-fentmenth, Ac. to be lodged with Secretary of Grand Jury in the County o! Dublin.

Certain Affidavits ffiall be lodged 30 Days previous to prefenting Term and Schedules ot fuch Affidavits prepared utd printed for Delivery i 1

A

274

C. 67.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818

Day* before the Term, in the County of Dublin.

Grand Juries

may prefent for Ekpences of preparing and urint-inc fuch 8che-Hule*.

Provifo.

Pro\ifo for Pre-fentments for Repayment of Monies advanced by Order ofljord Lieu-emnt, fee.

Provifo for fpecial A6U re-fpeMtng Court Houfe*, See.

Commencement of Ad.

otherwife improving any Road in the County of Dublin^ and for the building, repairing or otherwife improving any Bridge, Selfion Houfe, Gaol or other Mafonwork in tne County, and ufo all accounting Affidavits of Overfeers appointed from Year to Year to keep the Roads of the faid County in Repair and free from Nuifances, (hall be lodged Thirty Days at the leaft before the Firft Sitting Day of each prefenting Term, with the ading Secretary of the Grand Jury of the faid County; and fuch Secretary is hereby required to keep an Office open for the Purpofe; and forthwith after the Receipt of fuch Affidavits to caufe Schedules of fuch Affidavits to be prepared and printed, and to b# ready, for Delivery at his Office Twenty one clear Days before the Firft Sitting Day of each prefenting Term, to fuch Magiftrates and Landholders in the faid County of Dublin as may apply for the fame; provided that the Number fo to be printed (hall not exceed Fifty tor each Barony in the faid County of Dublin,, (the Baronies of Saint Sepulchre* t and Donore excepted.}

XXXIII.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful for*tbe Grand Jury of the faid County of Dublin, and they are hereby authorized and required,* at each prefenting Term for the faid County, to prefent fuch Sum or Sums as (hall be neceflaij for defraying the Expences of preparing and printing the faid Schedules ; provided always, that an Affidavit of the Printer, Hating his Charge to be ufual and reafonable, be firft laid before the faid Grand Jury at fuch prefenting Term ; and that no fuch Preferment for the preparing fuen Schedules and printing of fuch Copies fhall be made, unlefs fuch printed Copies were ready for Delivery at the Office of the Secretary.Twenty one clear Days before the Firft Sitting Day of the Term at which fuch Preferment fhall be applied for.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it enaded,. That nothing in this Ad contained fhall be conftrued to limit the Authority of Grand Juries in making any Preferment at any Affixes for the Repayment of any Monies adyanced by Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or for the raifing of any Money for the Support and Maintenance of any Charitable Eftablifh-ment, or for any Purpofes not fpecially provided for by this Ad, for which fuch Grand Jury are or may be empowered to make any Preferment.

XXXV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That nothing in this Ad contained fhall extend or be conftrued- to extend to affea or alter any Claufes, Powers or Provifions contained in any fpecial Ad or Ads of Parliament relating particularly to the Eredion or Maintenance of any Court Houfe, Seffions Houfe, or County Houfe, or to any Gaol or Prifon in or for any County, or County of a City, or County of a Town, in Ireland.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad fhall commence and take effed from the Firft Day of November next after the palling of this Ad, and not foorier.

Schedule (A.) .

FORM of OATH of Magiftrates ait Seffions, ading in Execution . of this Ad.

T A. B. of C. jD. do fwear, That I am feifed and poflefled of a

Freehold Eftate in Fee Simple' [or/ in Fee Tail, or, as Tenant for Life under Deed or Devife] in rofcffion of the annual Value of

Three

C. 67>

275

58" GEO. in.



Three hundred Pounds [or, of a Leasehold Eftate in Perpetuity, er, for Life or Lives, or, for a Term of Years not lefs than Twenty one Years unexpired, of the Annual Value of Five hundred Pounds; or, that I am an Heir Apparent of E. F, who is fdfed or pofiefied of a Freehold Eftate of the annual Value of Three hundred Pounds, or, of a Leafehold Eftate for Life or Lives, or for a Term of Years not lefs than Twenty one Years unexpired, of the Annual Value of Five hundred Pounds] ; and that fuch Eftate is fituate in the Parifh of	and	confifts	of [here fpectfy the Name of the

Tovtnland or other Defcreption of the Property ] ; and that the faid Eftate is bond fide the Property of the Perlon hereinbefore ftated, and not holden in Truft, nor conveyed to him for the Purpofes of this Ad ; or, that I am entitled to ad as a Magiftrate for the County of the City of#	or,	for the County of the Town of

according to the Charter of Incorporation thereof; and that in the Execution of an Ad made in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [here infert the Title of tbit A8]% I wul truly, faithfully, and impartially do and perform all fuch matters and things as I am authorized and required to do by the faid Ad, without Favour, Affedion, Hatred, Malice or ill Will, according to the beft of my Judgment, upon the Information to be laid before me.	So	help me GOD.

Schedule (B.)

APPLICATION AND ESTIMATE FOA A BUILDING.

County of 1 "W7E A. B* of	in	the	County	of

J VY	•	and C* D. of	in

the County of	do certify. That in our Opinion it is

neceflhry to build a	or	repair	a	[at	the

cafe may be"] at	in the Barony of

in laid County ; and that we have caufed the annexed Plan, Elevation, Eftimate and Specification to be made by B* F. a competent Perfon, (killed in fuch Work ; and that the Eftimate is in pur Opinion fair and reafonable.

If the Application be for repairing, the IVordt Plan, Sedion, and Elevation, may he omitted*

(Signed)	A.	B.

[Here annex the Eftimate and Specification required by this Ad.]

1

Schedule (C.)

FOB A NEW LINE OF ROAD OR FOOTPATH.

TAfE A. B. of	in	the County of

and C. D. of	in the County of.

do certify, That in our Opinion it is neceffary to open' a new Line of Road or Footpath, as the cafe may be, from	to

and that we have caufed the annexed Map, Eftimate and Specification to be made by E- F. a competent Surveyor ; and that the faid Eftimate includes the whole probable Expence of making the faid Road, and appears to be a reafonable Charge.

T 2

ESTIMATE.

276

C.67.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

ESTIMATE*

[State the Number of Perches, each Townland with the Baronies through which it is to pafs, the intended Width of the Road, fpeci-fying the Width of the Part to be covered with Gravel or Small Stones, the average Depth of fuch Covering, Prices to be paid for forming, levelling, fencing and finifhing the fame, whether it is pro-pofed to be executed by Talk or Days* Work, the Price of drawing •he Materials, whether by Talk or Days* Work, and fuch further Particulars of the intended Expenditure as may feem neceflary, with the total Expence of fuch Line of Road.]

Schedule (D.)	9

FOR WIDENING ROADS*

A- 2?. of	in	the	County of

and C. D. of	in the County of

do certify, That we have lately viewed and examined

Perches of the Road from	to

between	and

in the Baronies of in the faid County ; which Part of fuch Road is only

Feet wide between the Fences; and we are of Opinion that it would be ufeful to widen the faid Road, fo as to make fuch Parts of the faid Road	Feet	wide	be-

tween the Fences; and we have caufed the annexed Eilimate and Specification to be made by 2?. F, a competent Perfon, (killed in fuch Work; and the faid Eilimate and Specification we are of Opinion is fair and reafonable.

SECOND ESTIMATE*

[State the Width of the prefent Road, how much is to be widened, fpecifying the Width to be covered with Gravel or Small Stones, the average Depth of fuch Covering, the Prices of forming, levelling, fencing and finilhing, whether it is propofed to be executed by Talk or Days' Work, the Price of drawing Materials, whether by Talk or Days' Work, and fuch further Particulars of the intended Expenditure as may feem necelTary, with the total Expence thereof.]

Schedule (E.)

FOR LOWERING A HILL, OR FILLING A HOLLOW.

TK7 E yf. B. of	in the County of

v and C. D. of	in	the County of

do certify, That we have lately viewed a Hill or Hollow, lying or being at	on the Road between

and	*	ih the Barony of	in

faid County; and that we are of Opinion that it would be ufeful to the Public to lower [uch Hill and fill fuch Hollow $ and that the Rond cannot be conveniently changed to avoid fuch Hill or fuch Hollow, without incurring a greater Expence, or caufing a confider-able Incrcafe in-the Length of faid Road; and we have caufed E. F. a competent Perfon, fkilled in fuch Work, to meafure and

eilimate

58° GEO. III.

277

C. 67.

eftimate the fame $ and his faid Eftimate and Specification arc, in our Opinion, fair and reafonable.

[Here annex the Eftimate and Specification required by this A&.] Schedule (F.)

rOR FILLING GRIPS.

T A. B. of	in	the	County	of

and C. D* of	in	the	County,	of

do certify, That we have viewed and examined a Grip adjoining the Road leading from	to

in the faid County, in the Townland or Townlands of

in the Barony of	in	the	faid

County, which Grip is dangerous to Travellers; and that we have caufed an Eftimate of the Expence of filling fuch Grip to be made by E. F. a competent Perfon, (killed in fuch Work; and the faid Eftimate and Specification are, in our Opinion, fair and reafonable.

ESTIMATE AND SPECIFICATION..

[Shall fet forth the Length and average Breadth and Depth of fuch

Grips.]

VUE A. B. of and C.Z). of

Schedule (G.)

FOR REPAIRS (?F ROADS.

in the County of in the County of do certify* That we have viewed and meafured ,

Perches, of the Road from	to

between	and	all

of which are*in bad Repair, and all in the Townland of ort that	of	the	faid	Perches	are	in-	the

Townland of	and	of	the-

faid Perches are in the Townland of	in	the*

Barony of	in faid County; and that it will;

require the Sum of	to	repair the faid

Perches with Gravel or Small Stones, fo as to leave the faid	Perches	fafe	and	level	throughout,	of

the Width of	Feet, for Carriages to pafs and

repafs upon, and that the remaining Breadth of faid Road between the Fences level and> free from Nuiiances, being at the Rate of

by the Perch ; and that we have paufed the annexed Eftimate and Specification to be made by E. F. a competent Perfon, (killed in fuch Work; and that the faid Eftimate ^pd Specie fication appear to us to be fair and reafonable.

[The laid Map (hall contain a Defcription of all Boundaries and Denominations of all fuch Townlands as any Road (hall traverfe, and all Houfes ft an ding or being within Two Perches of fuch Road, and the Names of the occupying Tenants thereof refpe&ively, the extreme Points where it is propofed fuch Repairs (hall commence and terminate, all Roads branching therefrom, all Streams of Water crofting fuch Road, and all Bridges thereon$ and the faid Eftimate (hall fpecify the Number of Perches to be repaired, the Number of Loads (at the Rate of Seven Hundred Wpignt each) of Gravel, or

T a	SmalL

278

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Irifli A&, 9 A one.

C. 67,158.

Small Stones to be employed per Perch, the Expence of Materials and Drawing thereof, the Place from whence it is propofed to draw the faid Materials, Labourers’ Wages, Rate per Day, &c/}

Schedule (H.)

FOR FENCES.

I

A. 2?. of

in faid County, and C.D. of in faid County, do certify. That we

have lately viewed and examined	Perches	of the

Road from	to	*	between

and	and	aU {aid

Perchel are in the Townland of	or,

Lof faid Perches all in the Townland of and	in	the	Townland	of

[as the cafe may be'], all in the Barony of	in laid

County; and that in our Opinion it is neceffary to make new Fences thereon, according to the annexed Eftimate and Specification, which we have caufed to be made by E. F. a competent Perfon, dulled in fuch Work ; and we are of Opinion that faid Eftimate and Specification are fair and reafonable,

ESTIMATE AND SPECIFICATION.

[State of Ditches, the Breadth of the fame and the Surface of the Ground, the Breadth of fame at the Bottom, perpendicular Height from the Bottom to the Surface of the Ground, and the Price to be paid by Perch; the Wages of Labourers per Day, if to be employed ; if Walls, the Thicknefs at Bottom, fame at Top, intended Height, Number of Perches, Price per Perch of all Materials feparately given, the Places from whence each Species of Material is propofed to be drawn, the Wages of Mafons and Labourers per Day, if to be employed.]

CAP. LXVIII.

An Aft to repeal fo much of an Aft pafied in Ireland in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An AB for taking away the Benefit of Clergy in certain cafes ; and for taking away the Book in all cafes; and for repealing Part ef the Statute for tranfporting Felons; as takes away the Benefit of Clergy from Perfons ftealing privily from the Perfon of another; and more effeftually to prevent the Crime of Larceny from the Perfon.	’	[3d June 1818.]

« TTTflEREAS by an Aft pafied in Ireland in the Ninth Year

« VV of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An AS for taking

*	away the Benefit of Clergy in certain cafes s and foe taking away

*	the Book in all cafes ; and for repealing Part of the Statute for

*	tranfporting Felons; it is amongft other things enafted, that if

*	any Perfon fhould, after the laft Day of September in the Year One

« thou fand feven hundred and ten, fteal or felonibufly take away any

*	Goods, of the Value of Five Shillings or more, privily and fectfetly

c from the Perfon of any Man ot Woman, and being indifted or

*	appealed thereof, fhoujd be thereupon foiftd Guilty by Verdift

4 of

58* GEO. III.

C. 68, 69.

219

4 of Twelve Men, or (hould confefs the fame upon his, her or their *■ Arraignment, or (hould not anfwer dire&ly to the fame according 4 to the Laws, or (hould wilfully or of malice (land mute, or (hould ‘ peremptorily challenge above the Number of Twenty Jurors, or 4. (hould be outlawed upon fuch Indi&ment; and alfo all Perfons

*	who (hould be acceflory, before or after, to the faid Fads, (hould

*	receive Judgment, and fuffer the Pains of Death, without any 4 Allowance or Benefit of the Clergy, or of the faid Ad: And 4 Whereas the faid Ad has not been found efiedual for the Pre-

*	vention of the Crimes therein mentioned, and it is therefore expe-4 dient that fo much of the faid Ad as is hereinbefore recited (hould 4 be repealed: And Whereas it might tend more effedually to pre-4 vent the Crime of Larceny from the Perfon if every fuch Offence,

4 not being Robbery, was rendered puni(hable more feverely than 4 Simple Larceny;* Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and' Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That fo much of

the faid Ad as is hereinbefore recited, (hall, from and after the of recited paffing of this A&, be and the fame is hereby repealed.	rePea,ed'

II. And be it further enaded, That from and after the palling of Privately fteal-this Ad every Perfon who (hall at any time or in any Place whatever fr°*» the in Ireland* felonioufly (teal, take and carry away any Money, Goods	<*®n"

or Chattels from the Perfon of any other, whether privily, without plun*^°d with his Knowledge or not, but without fuch Force or putting in Fear as Transportation is Sufficient to conftitute the Crime of Robbery, or who (hall be or Imprifon-prefent, aiding and abetting therein, (hall be liable to be tranfported meru* beyond the Seas for Life, or for fuch Term, not lefs than Seven Years, as the Judge or Court before whom any fuch Perfon (hall be coqvi&ed (hall adjudge; or (hall be liable, in cafe the faid Judge or Court (hall tbiqk fit, to be iraprifoned only, or to be imprifoned and kept to hard Labour in the Common Gaol, Houfe of Corredion. or Penitentiary Houfe, for any Term not exceeding Three Years.

CAP. LXIX.

An Ad for the Regulation of Parifh Veftiies.

[3d June 1818.J

*	TTTHEREAS it is expedient to regulate the manner of holding

*	W Parifh Veftries, and the Right of voting therein May it pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent? of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the feme, That from Three Days* and after the Firft Day ot July One thoufand eight hundred.and Notice to he eighteen, no Veftry or Meeting of the Inhabitants in Veftry of or P?enof Ve^ for any Parifh (hall be holden until public Notice (hall have been given ^^ubliearion of fuen Veftry, and of the Place and Hour of holding the feme, and in chnrch, and the fpecial Purpofe thereof. Three Days at the lead More the Day affixing on*

to be appointed for bolding fuch Veftry, by the Publication of fcch Church Door. Notice in the Parifh Church or Chapel on fome Sunday during or immediately after Divine Service, and by affixing the lame, fairly written or printed, on the principal Door of fuch Church or Chapel..

T *	II. And

280

Chairman of Veftries appointed ;

to have calling Vote.

Minutes to be entered and figned.

Manner of voting in Veftries.

Inhabitants coming into a Parifli fiuce the lad Rate may vote.

Inhabitants re-fufing Payment of Poor’s Rate excluded from Veftrifc*.

Parilh Books and Papets pre-

ferved.

C. 69.	58° GEO. III.	A.D. IflI8.

II. And for the more orderly Condud of Veftries, be it further enaded, That in cafe the Redor or Vicar or perpetual Curate (hall not be prefent, the Perfons fo aflembled in purfuance of fuch Notice (hall forthwith nominate and appoint by Plurality of Votes, to be afcertained as hereinafter is di reded, One of the Inhabitants of fuch Parilh to be the Chairman of and prefide in every fuch Veftry ; and in all cafes of Eauality of Votes upon any Qiieftion arifing therein, the Chairman (hall (in addition to fuch Vote or Votes as he may bv virtue of this Ad be entitled to give in right of his Afleffinent) have the ca fling Vote; and Minutes of the Proceedings and Refolu-tions of eve|7 Veftry (hall be fairly and diftindly entered iq a Book

!to be provided for that Purpofe by the Churchwardens and Over-eers of the Poor), and (hall be figned by the Chairman, and by fuch other of the Inhabitants prefent as (hall think proper to fign the fame.

* III. And be it further enaded, That in all fuch Veftries every Inhabitant prefent, who (hall, by the laft Rate which (hall have been made for the Relief of the Poor, have been affefled and charged upon or in refped of any annual Rent, Profit or Value not amounting to Fifty Pounds, (hall have and be entitled to give One Vote and no more; and every Inhabitant there prefent, who (hall in fuch laft Rate have been afTeffed or charged upon or in refped of any annual Rent or Rents, Profit or Value, amounting to Fifty Pounds or upwards (whether in one or in more than one Sum or Charge), (hall have and be entitled to give One Vote for every Twenty five Pounds of annual - Rent, Profit and Value upon or in refped of which he (hall have been aflefled or charged in fuch laft Rate, fo nevertheless that no Inhabitant (hall be entitled to give more than Six Votes; and in cafes where .Two or more of the Inhabitants prefent (hall be jointly rated, each of them (hall be entitled to vote according to the Proportion and Amount which (hall be borne by him of the joint Charge; and where One only of the Perfons jointly rated (hall attend, he (haD be entitled to vote according to and in refped of the whole of the joint Charge.

IV.	Provided, and beat further enaded, That when any Perfon (hall have become an Inhabitant of any Parifh, or beeprae liable to be rated therein; fince the making of the laft Rate for the Relief of the Poor thereof, he (hall be entitled to vote for and in refped of the Lands, Tenements, and Property for which he (hall have become liable to be rated, and (hall confent to be rated in like maimer as if he (hould have been adually rated for the fame.

V.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaded, That no Perfon who (hall have refufed or negleded to pay any Rate for the Relief of the Poor, which (hall be due from and (hall have been demanded of him, and (hall be entitled to vote or to be prefent in any Veftry of tbe Parifh for which fuch Rate (hall have been made, until he (hall have paid the fame.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That a6 well the Books hereby direded to be provided and kept for the Entry #of the Proceedings of Veftries, as all former Veftry Books, and all Rates and AfiefTments, Amounts and Vouchers of the Churchwardens, Overfeers of the Poor, and Surveyors of the Highways, and other Pari(h Officers, and all Certificates, Orders of Courts and of Juftices, and other Parifh Books, Documents, Writings and public Papers of every *	Parifh,

A.D.1818.

58°GEO. III.

C. 69.

281

Parifh, except the Rcgiftry of Marriages, Baptifms and Burials, (hall be kept by fuch Perfon and Perfons, and depofited in fuch Place and manner, as the Inhabitants in Veftry affembled (hall direft j and if any Perfon in whofe Hands or Cuftody any fuch Book, Rate, Affeffment, Account, Voucher, Certificate, Order, Document, Writing, or Paper fhall be, (hall wilfully or negligently deftroy, obliterate or injure the fame, or fuffer the fame to be deftroyed, obliterated or injured, or (hall, after reafonable Notice and Demand, re-fufe or negleft to deliver the fame to fuch Perfon or Perfons, or to depofit the fame in fuch Place as (hall by the Order of any fuch Veftry be direfted, every Perfon fo offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof on his own Confeflion, or on the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, by and before Two of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace, upon Complaint thereof to them made, (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay fuch Sum, not exceeding Fifty Pounds, nor lefs than Forty Shillings, as (hall by fuch Juftices be adjudged and determined; and 'the fame (hall be recovered and levied by Warrant of fuch Juftices in fuch manner and by fuch Ways and Means as Poor's Rates in Arrcar are by Law to be recovered and levied, and (hall be paid to the Overfeers of the Poor of the Pari(h againft which the Offence (hall be committed, or to fome of them, and be applied for and towards the Relief of the Poor thereof: Provided neverthelefs, that every Perfon who (hall unlawfully retain, in his Cuftody, or (hall refufe to deliver to any Perfon or Perfons authorized to receive the fame, or who (hall obliterate, deftroy or injure,* or fuffer to be obliterated, deftroyed or injured, any Book, Rate, Affeffment, Account, Voucher, Certificate, Order, Document, Writing or Paper belonging to any Parilh, or to the Churchwardens, Overfeers of the Poor, or Surveyors of the High ways thereof, may in every fuch cafe be proceeded againft'in any of His Majefty’s Courts, civilly or criminally, in like manner as if this Aft had not been made.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That all Provi-fions. Authorities and Direftions in this Aft contained in relation to Parishes, (hall extend, and be conftrued to extend* to all Townftiips, Vills and Places having feparate Overfeers of the Poor and maintaining their Poor feparately, and that all the Direftions and Regulations herein contained in regard to Veftries (hall extend and be applied to all Meetings which may by Law be holden of the Inhabitants of any Parifh, Townftiip, Vill or Place, for any of the.Purpofes in this Act expreffed; and that the Notices by this Aft required to be given of every Veftry may, in Places in which there is or* (hall be no Parifh Church or Chapel, or where there (hall not be Divine Service in fuch Church or Chapel, be given and publifhed in fuch* manner as Notices of the like Nature (hall have been there ufually given and publifhed, or as (hall be molt effeftual for communicating the fame to the Inhabitants of ev«ry fuch Parifh, Townftiip, Vill or Place refpeftjvely.

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to alter the time of holding any Veftry, Parifh or Town Meeting which is by the Authority of any Aft required to be holden on any certain Day, or within any certain time in fuch Aft prefcribed and direfted ; nor (hall any thing in this Aft contained extend to take away, leffen, prejudice or affeft the Powers of any Veftry or Meeting holden in any rarifti,

Townftiip

Retaining or in* juring Parifh Books, &c.

Penally.

And fubjeft to other Proceeding*.

Provifiow in relation to ParKhes extended to Townftiips, &c.

Manner of giving Notices of Veftries and Meetings in fpecial cafes.

Time for holding Veftries fpeciallv directed not al> tered.

Provifo for fpecial Veftries;

C. 69, 70.

58° GEO- III.

A.D. 1818.

and for London and Southwark.

Aft to extend only to England and Wales.« Public Aft.

Towofiirp or Placey by virtue of any fpecial Ad or Ada, of any ancient and fpecial Ufage or Cuitorn, or to change or affed the Right or manner of voting in any. Veftry or Meeting fo boldeo.

IX-	Provided always, and be it enaded, That nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend to any Parifh within the City of Loudon.

X-	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend to any Parifh in the- Borough o? South-wart.

XI-	And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall extend only to that Part of the United'Kingdom called England and Wales / and that the fame (hall be a Public Ad, and be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Justices and others, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. LXX.

An Ad for repealing fuch Parts of feveral Ads as allow pecuniary and other Rewards on the Convidion of Perfons for Highway Robbery, and other Crimes and Offences; and for facilitating the Means of profecuting Perfons accufed of Fe* lony and other Offences.	[3d	June	1818.]

4W.&M. c.8.

§*•

4*

6*7 W.3. c.17.

19-

WHEREAS by an Ad of Parliament made and paffed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of their late Majeflies King < William and Queen Mary, intituled An A& for encouraging the *. apprehending of Highwaymen, it is enaded, that from and after < tne Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand fix hundred and * ninety three, all and every Perfon and Perfons who fhall apprehend * and take one or more Thieves or Robbers, and ‘ profecute him or * them fo apprehended and taken, until he or they be convided of any ‘ Robbery committed in or upon any Highway, Paffage, Field or * open Place, (hall have and receive from the Sheriff or Sheriffs of 1 the County where fuch Robbery and Convidion (hall be made and * done, without paying any Fee for the fame, for every fuch Offender * fo convided, the Sum of Forty Pounds within One Month after * fuch Convidion and Demand. thereof made, on tendering to fuch ‘ Sheriff or Sheriffs a Certificate 'of fuch Convidion, and that fuch < Felon or Felons was or were taken bv the Perfon or Perfons claiming ‘ fuch Reward 5 fuch Certificate to oe figned in manner thereby di-* reded; and which faid Rewards on fuch Convidious as afonefaid • are by the faid Ad direded to be allowed to the refpedive Sheriffs 4 plying the fame, or to their Executors or Admioiffrators, in ac-4 counting with their faid late Majeftiea, their Heirs and Succefiors: 4 And Whereas by an Ad of Parliament made and paffed in the 4 Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majefty Kiug 4 William the Third, intituled An AS to prevent counterfeiting and 4 clipping the Coin of this Kingdom, it is enaded, that from and after 4 the Firft Day of May One thoufand fix hundred and ninety five, * ail and every Perfon and Perfons who (hall apprehend and take any 4 Perfon or Perfons who (hall have counterfeited any of the Current 4 Coin of this Realm, or that for Lucre or Gain (hall have dipped, * walked, filed or anyways diminiftied the lame, or (hall bring or caufe 4 to be brought into this Kingdom, the Dominion of Wales* or Town 4 of Berwicit upon Tweed* any dipt, falfe or counterfeit Coin, and

4 profecute

A.D. 1818.

38* GEO. III.

C. 70.

288

* profecute fuch Ferfon or Perfons until he, (he or they be convicted 4 of any fuch Offence, (hall hive and receive from the Sheriff or She-4 riffs of the County where fuch Convi&iob (hall be made, for every 4 'fuch Offender fo convided, the Sum of Forty Pounds, without pay-4 ing any Fee for the fame* within One Month after fuch Convidion 4 and Demand thereof made, on tendering to fuch Sheriff or Sheriffs 4 a Certificate of fuch Convidion, and that fuch Traitor or Traitors 4 was or were taken and profecuted by the Perfon or Perfons claiming 4 fuch Reward, fuch Certificate to be figned in manner thereby di-4 reded $ and which Rewards on fuch laft mentioned Convidion a arc 4 by the faid laft mentioned Ad direded to be allowed to the refpec* 4 tive Sheriffs paying the fame, their Executors or Adminiftrators, 4 in accounting with His faid late Majefty King William the Third: 4 And Whereas by*an Ad of Parliament made and paffed in the 4 Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His faid late Majefty 4 King William the Third, intituled An 49 for the better apprc-4 henSng, prof ecu ting and punijhing of Felons that commit Burglary, 4 Houfebrtakings or Robbing in Shops, Warehoufes, Coacb-bouftt or 4 Stables, or that fleal Horfes, it is enaded, that from and after the 4 Twentieth Day of May One thoufand fix hundred and ninety nine, 4 all and every Perfon and Perfons who (hall apprehend and take any 4 Perfon guilty of any of the Felonies thereinbefore mentioned, and 4 profecute him, her or them fo apprehended and taken, until he, 4 (he or they be convided of any of the Felonies thereinbefore men-4 Stoned, fuch Apprehenders and Takers, for hit, her or their Rc-4 ward, upon every fuch Convidion, without any Fee or Reward to 4 be paid for the fame, (hall have forthwith after every fuch Convic-4 tion a Certificate, to be figned in manner therein mentioned, certi-4 fying fuch Convidion, and alfo within what Pariih or Place the 4 Felony was committed, whereof any fuch Perfon or Perfons was or 4 were convided as aforefaid, and alfo that fuch Felon or Felons was 4 or were difeovered and taken, or difeovered or taken by the Perion 4 or Perfons fo difeovering or apprehending any the faid Felon or Fe* 4 Ions, and which Certificate (hall or may be once affigned over and 4 no more, and the original Proprietor of fnch Certificate, or the 4 Affignee of the fame, whomsoever of them (hall* have the Intereft 4 therein, by virtue thereof, and of the faid laft mentioned A6^| 4 (hall and may be difeharged of and from all and all manner of 4 Parifti and Ward Offices within the Farifh or Ward wherein the 4 Felony or Felonies (hall be committed, and fuch Party or Affignee 4 is thereby declared to be difeharged therefrom ; which faid Certi-4 ficate is dire&ed to be enrolled in the manner therein mentioned: 4 And Whereas by an Ad of Parliament made and paffed ia the 4 Fifth Year of the Reign of Her late Majefty Queen Anne, inti* 4 tilled An AS for the encouraging the Dijcovery and Apprehend-4 ing of Houfebreahers> it is enacted, that from and after tbs 4 Tetuh Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and feven, all 4 and every Perfon and Perfons who ftu31 apprehend and take any 4 Perfon or Perfons guilty of Burglary, or toe felonious breaking 4 and entering of any Honfo in the Day time, and profecute him, 4 her or them fo apprehended and taken, until he, (he or they be 4 convided of fuch Burglary or Felony, (hall have and receive, over 4 and above the Rewards given by the faid recited Ad of the Tenth 4 and Eleventh Years of King William and Queen Mary, the Sara

4 of

| ia

to Sc ii W. 3# c. 13.

§*•

5 Ann. c. 31. fi.

284

58® GEO. III.

A. D. 1813,

14 G. a. c. 6. §»•

*S G. a. c. i8.

5 7-

e. 70.

*	of Forty Pounds within One Month after fucb Convidion, to be

*	paid by the Sheriff or Sheriffs of the County where fuch Felony 4 or Burglary (hall be made and done, without any Fee for the lame,

*	to the Perfon or Perfons fo taking, apprehending arid profecutihg 4 the faid Offenders, he and they tendering to fuch Sheriff or She-

*	riffs a Certificate of fuch Convidion, and in what Parifh the fame ‘ was committed, and that fuch Felon or Felons was or were taken 4 by the Perfon or Perfons claiming fuch Reward; fuch Certificate

*	to be figned in manner thereby dire&ed; and which faid Rewards 4 on fuch Convidions as aforefaid are by the faid laft recited Ad 4 direded to be allowed to the refpedive Sheriffs paying the fame,

4 their Executors or Adminiftrators, in their Accounts: And Whereas 4 by an Ad of Parliament made and paffed in the Fourteenth Year 4 of the Reign of His late Majefty King George -the Second, intituled 4 An AS to render the Laws more ejfeSual for preventing theJleaftng 4 and dejlroying of Sheep and other Cattle, it is enaded, that from 4 and after the Firft Day of May One thoufand feven hundred and 4 forty one, all and every Perfon and Perfons who (hall apprehend 4 and profecute to Convidion any Offender or Offenders guilty of any 4 of the Offences thereinbefore mentioned, (hall have and receive as a 4 Reward, upon every fuch Convidion, the Sum of Ten Pounds, to 4 be paid, within One Month after fuch refpedive Convidion, by the 4 Sheriff or Sheriffs of the County where luch Offence or Offences 4 fhall be committed and done, without any Dedudion, to the Perfon 4 or Perfons fo apprehending and profecuting fuch Offender or Of-4 fenders, he or they tendering to fuch Sheriff or Sheriffs a Certi-

.4 ficate of fuch Convidion, and where the Offence wa9 committed,

4 and that fuch Offender or Offenders was or were apprehended and j 4 profecuted by the Perfon or Perfons claiming fuch Reward ; fuch 4 Certificate to be figned in manner thereby direded ; and whjgh faid 4 Rewards on fuch laft mentioned Convidions are by the faid laft 4 mentioned Ad direded to be allowed to the refpedive Sheriffs pay-4 ing the fame, their Executors or Adminiftrators, in their refpedive 4 Accounts: And Whereas by an Ad of Parliament made and 4 paffed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His faid late Majefty 4 King George the Second, intituled An AS for the more ejftQual k, preventing the counterfeiting of the current Coin of this Kingdom,

4 and the uttering or paying of falfe or counterfeit Coin, it is enaded 4 that whofoever fhall, after the Twenty ninth Day of September 4 One thoufand feven hundred and forty two, apprehend any Perfon 4 or Perfons who (hall have committed any of the Offences thereby 4 made High Treafon or Felony, or who-(hall have made or connter-4 feited any of the Copper Money therein mentioned, and (hall pro-4 fecute fuch. Offenders until he, (he or they (hall be thereof 4 convided, fuch Profecutor and Profecutors (hall have and receive 4 .from the Sheriff or Sheriffs of the County or City where fuch Con-4 vidion (hall be made, for every fuch Offender fo convided of any 4 of the Treafons or Felonies aforefaid, the Sum of Forty Pounds;

4 and for every Perfon fo convided of counterfeiting any of the faid 4 Copper Mooey, the Sum of Ten Pounds, without paying anyFe 4 for the fame, within One Month after fuch Convidion and Demaod 4 thereof made, by tendering a Certificate to the faid Sheriff or She*

4 riffs certifying fuch Convidion, and that the Offender or Offenders 4 were apprehended and profecuted by the Perfons claiming the

4 faid

58° GEO* III.

C. 70.

285

4 faid Reward 5 fuch Certificate to be figned in manner thereby di-4 rented; and which faid Rewards on fuch laft mentioned Convic-

*	tions are by the faid laft mentioned Adi directed to be allowed to 4 any fuch Sheriff or Sheriffs*upon his or their accounting with His 4 faid late Majefty King George the Second: And Whereas it has 4 been found by Experience that the Encouragement given by the

*	faid feveral recited Adis of Parliament, by way of pecuniary and 4 other Rewards, for the Apprehenfion and Profecution to Convic-€ tion'of Perfons guilty of the feveral Crimes and Offences therein 4 mentioned or referred to, has not produced the wholefome Effedls € of diminifhing the Crimes and Offences thereby intended to be pre-

*	vented or checked ; add it has alfo been found by Experience that € the Hope or Expedition of obtaining fuch Rewards, or fome or 4 one of them, or fome other pecuniary Reward or Compenfation,

- * has inftigated evil difpofed Perfons to confpire to entrap the unwary

*	and ignorant into the Commiflion of Offences, for which they have 4 afterwards been apprehended and ptofecuted to Convidlion by fuch 4 Confpirators, whereby Encouragement has not* only been given to 4 the CoihmHlion of fuch Crimes and Offences, but the Laws of

*	God and Man have been violently tranfgreffed ;* Be it therefore enadted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Coflfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That _fo much*of the faid recited Adi of the Fourth Year of the Reign of their faid late Majefties King William and Queen Marjy aa authorizes and diredls the Receipt and Payment of the Sum of Forty Pounds by way of Reward by and to every Perfon and Perfons who (hall apprehend and take and profecute to Convidlion One or more Thieves* or Robbers, for any Robbery committed in or upon any Highway, Paffage, Field or open Place, and for the Allowance of the Payment of fuch Reward of Forty Pounds to the Sheriff or Sheriffs paying the fame, or their Executors or Ad-mini (Irators, in the Accounts of fuch Sheriff or Sheriffs; and alfo, that fo much of the faid recited Adi of the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His faid late Majefty King William the Third, as authorizes and diredls the Receipt and Payment of the Sum of Forty Pounds by way of Reward by and to all and every Perfon and Perfons who (hall apprehend and take any Perfon or Perfons who (hall have counterfeited any of the'eurrent Coin of this Realm, or that for Lucre or Gain (hall have clipped, wa(hed, filed or anyways dimini(hed the fame,' or (hall bring or caufe to be brought into this Kingdom, the Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweedy any dipt, falfc or counterfeit Coin, and profecute fuch Perfon or Perfons until he, (he or they be convidled of any fuch laft mentioned Offence or Offences, and alfo as diredls the Allowance of the Payment of fuch laft mentioned Reward of Forty Pounds to the Sheriff or Sheriffs paying the fame, or to their Executors or Adminiftrators, in the Ac* counts of fuch Sheriff or Sheriffs; and alfo that fo much of the faid recited Adi of ihe Fifth Year of the Reign of Her hid late Majefty Queen Anney as* authorizes and diredls the Receipt and Payment of the Sum of Forty Pounds by way of Reward by and to all and every Perfon and Perfons who (hall apprehend and take any Perfon or Perfons guilty of Burglary, or the felonious breaking and entering of any Houfe in the Day time, and profecute him, her or them fo apprehended

4 W.& M. c. 8. «*.

6&7W.3. c 17. § 9.

5 Ann. c. 31.

§ x.

C.70.

58* GEO. IIL

A.D. 1818.

14 G. 2. c. 6.

§*.

15 G.i. c. 18. 5 7-

repealed.

Certificate* granted under XO & ii W. 3. e. 2$. not to be transferable.

4fow far to exempt from Office*.

Provifo for Executors of Per font killed by Robber*, &c.

pretended and taken, until he, (he or they be convifted of fuch Burglary or Felony, and alfo as direfts the Allowance of the Pay* ment of fuch laft mentioned Reward of Forty Pounds, to the Sheriff or Sheriffs paying the fame, or to their Executors or Adminiftrators, in 4he Accounts of fuch Sheriff or Sheriffs; and alfo that fo much of the faid recited A ft of the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His (aid late Majefty King George the Second, as authorises and direft* the Receipt and Payment of the Sura of Ten Pounds by way of Reward by and to all and every Perfon and Perfons who fhall apprehend and profecute to Conviction any Offender or Offenders who (hall feloni-oully drive away, or in any other manner felonioufly (teal, one or more Sheep of any other Perfon or Perfons whaffoever, with a felonious Intent to fteal the whole Carcafe or Carcafes, or any Part or Parts of the Carcafe or Carcafes of any One or more Sheep or other Cattle that (hall be fo killed, or (hall aflift or aid any Perfon or Perfons to commit any fuch Offence or Offences ; and alfo as direfts the Allow-ance of the Payment of fuch la(t mentioned Reward of Ten Pounds to the Sheriff or Sheriffs paying the fame, or to their Executors or Adminiftrators, in the Accounts of fuch Sheriff or Sheriffs; and alfo that fo much of the faid recited Aft of the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His faid late Majefty King George the Seeond, as authorizes and direfts the Receipt and Payment of the Sum of Forty Pounds by Way of Reward by and to whoever (hall apprehend any Perfon or Perfons who (hall have committed any of tRe Offences by the fame Aft made High Treafon or Felony, and the Receipt and Payment of the Sum of Ten Pounds by way of Reward by and to whoever (hall in like manner apprehend any Perfon or Perfons who (hall have made or counterfeited any of the Copper Money therein mentioned, and (hall profecute fuch feveral and refpeftivfe Offenders until he, (he or they (haU be thereof refpeftively convifted ; and alfo as direfts the Allowance of the Payment of juch laft mentioned Rewards of Forty Pounds and Ten Pounds to the Sheriff or Sheriffs paying the fame, upon his or their accounting with His Majefty; (hall be and the fame is and are hereby feverally and refpeftively repealed.

II. And be it further enafted. That from and after the paffing of this Aft, no Certificate which (hall be granted, purfuant to the faid recited Aft of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, to any Perfon or Perfons who (hall apprehend and take and profecute to Conviftion any Perfon guilty of any of the Felonies therein before mentioned, to difeharge fuch Perfon or Perfons fo apprehending and profecuting from Pan(h and Ward Offices, (hall be affignable or transferable by the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Certificate (hall be originally granted, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever; nor (hall any .luch Certificate or Certificates exempt or difeharge from Pariih or Ward Offices any other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever than the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame was originally granted; the faid recited Aft of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, or any other Lav?, Ufage or Cuftoni to the contrary in any wife not-withftanding.

I IT. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to take away from or deprive the Executors or Adminiilrators of any Perfon nr Perfons who (hall happen to be killed by any Robber or Robben

endeavouring

58° GEO. III.

287

C. 70.

endeavouring to apprehend or in making Purfuit after him or them, of any Reward or Rewards to which the Executors or Admini-ftrators of any Perfon or Perfons fo happening to be killed would be entitled by the faid recited A6t of the Fourth Year of the Reign of their faid late Majefties King William and Queen Mary ; nor to deprive any Perfon or Perfons of the Horfe, Furniture and Arms, Money or other Goods of any Robber or Robbers, and which by the fame Statute are dire&ed to become the Property of any -Perfon or Perfons who fhali take, apprehend, profecute or convid any fuch Robber or Robbers as therein mentioned $ nor (hall any thing herein contained extend' or be con limed to extend to deprive the Executors or Adminiftrators of any Watchman or any other Perfon or Perfons who (hall happen to be killed by any Burglar or Houfebreaker endeavouring to apprehend or in making Puriuit after him or them, of any Reward or Rewards to which fuch Executors or Adminiftrators would be entitled by virtue of the faid recited Ad of the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her faid late Majefty Queen Anne.

* IV. And Whereas many Perfons are deterred from profecuting ( Perfons guilty of Felony upon account of the Expence and Lois

*	of time attending fuch Profecutions, whereby the Ends of Juftice

*	are frequently defeated ;* Be it therefore enabled by the Authority aforefaid, That from and after the paffing of this A 61 it (hall and may be lawful for the Court before whom any Perfon (hall be pro-fecuted or tried for any Grand or Petit Larceny or other Felony, and every fuch Court is hereby authorized and empowered, at the Re-queft of the Profecutor or any other Perfon or Perfons who (hall become bound in any Recognizance to His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, to profecute or give Evidence, or who (hall be fubpcened to give Evidence againft any Perfon or Perfons accufed of any Grand or Petit Larceny or other Felony, and who (hall appear to profecute and give Evidence, or who (hall appear to the faid Court to nave been a dive in the Apprehenfion of any Perfon or Perfons accufed of any of the Offences in the faid hereinbefore recited Ads mentioned, or any of them, to 6rder the Sheriff or Treafurer of the' County in which the Offence (hall have been committed to pay unto fuch Profecutor and Witneffes, and Perfon or Perfons concerned in fuch Apprehenfion as aforefaid, refpcdively, as hereinafter mentioned, as well the Cofts, Charges and Expences which fuch Profecutor (hall be put to in preferring the Indi6lment or Indidments againft the Perfon or Perfons fo accufed, as alfo fuch Sum and Sums of Money as to the faid Court (hall feem reafonable and fufficient to reimburfe fuch Profecutor and Witneffes, and Perfon or Perfons concerned in fuch Apprehenfion as aforefaid, for -the Expences they (hall have been put ieverally to m attending before the Grand Jury to prefer fuch In diriment or Indidments, and in otherwife carrying on fuch Profecution, and alfo compenfate fuch Profecutor and Witneffes, and Perfon or Perfons concerned in fuch Apprehenfion as aforefaid, rcfpedively, for their Loft of time and Trouble in fuch Apprehenfion and Prole-cution as aforefaid.

V. And be it further enaded, That in cafe the faid Judge, Juf-tices or Court (hall , make any Order and Direction for the Payment of any fuch Sum or Sums of Modey to any Perfon or Perfons concerned in the Apprehenfion and' Taking of any Perfon or Perfons accofed of any of the Offences in the faid hereinbefore recited Ads

mentioned.

in refpeft of Reward, Arc.

Court empowered to order Payment of Expences of Profecutor and Witneflee.

To be paid by Sheriff of County as by 4 W.&M. c. 8.

6W. 3. c. 17. *9

58° GEO. III.

A.D.18I3.

5 Ann, c.31,

§ i.

14	O. a. c. 6. § ».

15	O. i. c. a8.

. * 7.

The Order for * Cofts to he made by Clerk of Affize.and to be paid by Treafurer of County.

Fee.

%$ G. a. c. 36. §5.

c. 70.

mentioned, or any of them, the fame fhall be paid by the SberiE of the County in which the Offence (hall have been committed; and in the like manner, upon the like Certificate, and at the fame Period of time as the Rewards are direded to be paid by the faid recited Ads of Fourth William and Mary% Sixth William the Third, Fifth Anne9 the Third and Fourteenth and Fifteenth George the Second; and that every fuch Certificate (hall be made out by the Clerk of Affize-or Clerk of the Peace refpedively, and be. forthwith delivered to the Perfon or Perfons entitled to the fame, upon Payment of the Sum of Five Shillings for each fuch Certificate; and that the Sheriff of the County upon Payment of the Sum of Money fpecified > in fuch Certificate, fh^ll be reimburfed the faid Sum of Money in like manner as is direded by the faid feveral and refpedive Ads herein-'before recited.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That everv fuch Order for the Cofts and Charges affigned by this Ad to Prolecutors and Witueffei (hall be made out by the Clerk .of Affize or Clerk of the Peace refpedively ; which Order the Clerk of Afiize or Clerk of the Peace is hereby direded and required forthwith to make put and deliver unto fuch Profecutor, upon being paid for the fame the Sum of One Shilling and no more ; and the Treafurer of the faid County, Riding or Divifion is hereby authorized and required, upon Sight of fuch Order, forthwith to pay to fuch Profecikor, or other Perfon authorized to receive the fame, fuch Money as aforefaid, and fhall be allowed the fame in his Account.

4 VII. Whereas by an Ad of Parliament made and pa fled in the

*	twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majefly King George the

*	Second, intituled An A3 for preventing Thefts and Robberies, and ‘.for regulating Places of Public Entertainment, andpuni/hing Perfons ( keeping diforderly Houfes, it is amongft other things enaded, that

*	if any Two Inhabitants of any Psyrifh or Place, paying Scot and 4 bearing Lot therein, do give. Notice in Writing to any Conifable,

*	or other Peace Officer of the like Nature where there is no Con-

*	liable of fuch Parilh or Place, of any Perfon keeping a Bawdy	J

*	Houfe, Gaming Houfe or any other diforderly Houfe in fuch 4 Parifh or Place, the Con liable or fuch Officer as aforefaid fo receiv-4 ing fuch Notice (hall forthwith go with fuch Inhabitants to One of 4 His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace of the County, City, Riding,

4 Divifion or Liberty in which fuch Parifh or Place does lie, and 4 fhall, upon fuch Inhabitants making Oath before fuch Juftice that 4 they do believe the Contents of fuch Notice to be true, and enter-4 ing into a Recognizance in the penal Sum of Twenty Pounds each

4 to give or produce material Evidence againft fuch Perfon for fuch	|

4 Offence, enter into a Recognizance in the penal Sum of Thirty 4 Pounds to profecute with Effed fuch Perfon for fuch Offence at 4 the next General or Quarter Sellions of the Peace, or at the next 4 Affizea to be holden for the County in which fuch Parifh or Place 4 does lie, as to the faid Juftice fhall feem meet: And Whereas it is 4 expedient, that when any Two Inhabitants of any Parilh or Place,

4 paying Scot and bearing Lot therein, fhall give Notice in Writing 4 to any Conftable of fuen Parilh os Place of any Perfon keeping 4 a Bawdy Houfe, Gaining Houfe or any other diforderly Houfe,

*	in fuch Parilh or Place, that the Overfeersof the Poor of fuch Parifh 4 or Place fhall have Notice thereof ;* Therefore be it enaded, and it

13	i>

A.D. 1818.

58° GEO. III.

289

C. 70.

is hereby ena&ed, That i Copy of the Notice which (hall be given to Copy of Notice filch Con liable /hall alfo be ferved on or left at the Places of Abode. f0 bigiren aUh of the Overfeers of the Poor of fuch Parifh or Place, or one of them, °vcr^er9 of • and fuch Overfeers or Overfeer of the Poor fhall be fummoned or who^Ve to have reafonable Notice to attend before fuch Juftice of the Peace profecute. before whom fuch Con/lable (hall have Notice to attend; and if fuch Overfeers or Overfeer of the Poor /hall then and there enter into fuch Recognizance to profecute fuch Offender as the Con/lable is in and by the faid A& required to enter into, then it /hall not be neceflary for, nor /hall fuch Conflable be required to enter into fuch Recognizance ; but if fuch Overfeers or Overfeer of the Poor (hall negleft to attend fuch Juftice on having fuch Notice, or /hall attend, and (hall decline or refufe to enter into fuch Recognizance to profecute, then fuch Con/lable /hall enter into the fame, and /hall profecute, and /hall be entitled to his Expences, to be allowed as in and by the faid Ad is dire&ed.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That no Perfon To whom Co(U or Perfons fhall be entitled to any fuch Coils or Expences for attend- *hall Pa*d* ing the Court, unlefs he or they /hall have been bound by Recognizance, or have previoufly received a Subpoena to attend the fame, or a written Notice for that Purpofe from the Profecutor, his Agent or his Attorney.

*	IX. And Whereas there are feveral Cities, Towns Corporate € and Places which do not contribute to the Payment of any County

*	Rate, and have no Town Rate or Public Stock; and Doubts may

*	arife whether fuch Cities, Towns Corporate and Places can be

*	legally rated and afTefled towards the Payments by this Ad direded

*	to be madeBe it therefore enaded. That in all fuch cafes the In pJacel

faid Coils, Charges, Expences, Sum and Sums of Money and Com- do not contri. penfations fhall be raifed, levied, colleded and paid within fuch bute to County Cities, Towns Corporate and Places, by a feparate Rate and Afleff- Rate, «*id have ment to be made by the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor	^oc^,

of the feveral Pari/hes and Precinds within fuch Cities, Towns Cor- |ev^ for pur_ porate and Places, and by fuch and the like Ways, Methods and pofes of Adi. Means, as the Rates for tne Relief of the Poor are, can or may be

raifed, levied and colleded in fuch Cities, Towns Corporate and Places.

*	X. And Whereas it may happen that the Sums of Money to be

*	raifed in the faid Cities, Towns Corporate and Places, or fomc or c one of them, for the Payments by this Ad direded to be made,

*	may be fo fmall that it may not be convenient to make an equal

*	feparate Rate and AffefTment for the fame upon the faid Pari/hes « and Precinds within fuch Cities, Towns Corporate and Places \f

Be it enaded, That in fuch laft mentioned cafe, and when and fo Where Sums often as the fame /hall happen, the faid Cofts, Charges, Expences, are too final! to Sum and Sums of Money and Compensations, fhall and may, by ralf®d_J>5r a Order of the faid Court before whom any fuch Perfon may be tried fuSTsumi ihail as aforefaid, be paid out of the Monies from time to time raifed for (,e paid out of the Relief of the Poor m the faid feveral Cities, Towns Corporate Poor’s Rate, and Places, and the Treafurers, or Perfons from time to time having the Management of the laid Monies raifed for the Relief of the Poor in the lame Cities, Towns Corporate and Places refped-ively, are hereby authorized and required to pay the faid Sums of Money fo ordered to be paid as aforefaid, out oi the faid laft men-fi8 Geo. III.	U	tioned

290

a 70,7i.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Provifo whexe more Parities than one in fame Diftrift.

Annuities in the Public Funds may be given for Prises in lieu of Money.

Perfonsfo Ucenfed to have Numerical Book* (tamped on every Leaf.

tioned Monies, when and a6 often as the Came (hall be fo ordered: Provided always, that fhould there be more Parifhes than one in the fame Diftrift, the Payments are to be made and levied in fuch Rates and Proportions as the refpe&ive Parifhes pay to the Poor Rate.

CAP. LXXI.

An Aft for granting to His Majefty a Sum of Money to be raifed by Lotteries.	*	[3d June 1818.]

[This AS is the fame as 57 G. 3. c. 31. except as to Dates and as to the SeSions that are bore retained.]

* IV. And Whereas it may be expedient for the Public Service 1 that Annuities in fome of the Public Funds may be given as Prizes * in the Place of Money,’ Be it therefore ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the laid Commiffioners of the Treafury, or any Three or more of them, to authorize and empower the Commiffioners for the Redemption of the National Debt to appropriate fuch a Sum, in Annuities, ^in any of the Public Funds, landing in their Names in the Books of the Bank of England, as will be equal to the Whole or fuch Part of the Ten Pounds per Ticket to be diftributed in Prizes as hereinbefore mentioned, as the Contractor or Contra&ors for any Lottery or Lotteries (hall requeft to be given in Stock in the Place of Money, which Stock (hall be eftimated at the mean Price the fame Funds or Annuities (hall have been fold at the Bank of Eng-land on the laft Day of felling the fame-previous to the time or times of making fuch Contract or Contra&s, or of the Day of Approval by the faid Commiffioners of the Treafury of the Scheme of any ^Lottery, and (hall be transferred to the Holders of the Tickets entitled thereto by the faid laft mentioned Commiffioners, at fuch times and by Authority of fuch Certificates as are hereinafter mentioned and defcribed ; and the faid Commiffioners of the Treafury (hall account for the Money retained in lieu of the Stock with the other Money raifed for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, or (hall order fuch a Sum of Money to be paid to the faifCommiffioners for Redemption of the National Debt, out of the Sums raifed by Sale of Lottery Tickets, or out of any of the Aids or .Supplies granted in this Seffion of Parliament for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, as will be fufficient to buv the fame Amount m Stock as (hall have been appropriated for the Prizes before mentioned, or (hall caufe an Amount of Annuities equal to the Annuities lb appropriated to he purchafed for or transferred to the faid Commiffioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, within One Month after fuch Appropriation.	y"

XXL And be it further ena&ed, That every Perfon who (hall oe licenfed by the faid Commiffioners of Stamp Duties to attend for the Puqjofe aforefaid, (hall be entitled to have ftamped by the laid Commiffioners, or their Officers, proper Numerical Books, containing the Numbers of the Tickets in the faid refpeftive Lotteries in Arithmetical Progreffion as aforefaid, every of vraich Books (hall exceed in Length Twenty one Inches, and in Breadth Seventeen Inches, and (hall be bound in ftiff milled Boards, and fhaU be ftamped and marked on every Leaf thereof by a proper Stamp or Mark, to be provided and ufed for that Purpofe by the laid Commiffioners

A.D.1818.

58p GEO. III.

C.71.

291

miffioners or their Officers ; and the faid Commiflioners or any One of them (hall hare Power and Authority to grant fuch Licences and damp fuch Books to and for fuch Perfons who (hall be duly licenfed to (hare Tickets and iffue Chances in the manner hereinafter mentioned, and who (hall depofit and divide into Shares in the manner hereinafter exprefled One hundred and twenty Tickets or more in the faid Lottery or Lotteries refpeftively, or fuch Proportion of Tickets as is hereinafter mentioned, before the Drawing begins, and to fuch other Perfons afting for them refpeftively, as the faid Managers and Directors (hall approve; and that it (hall be lawful for the Managers and Direftors hereinbefore mentioned, or fuch of them as (haul be prefent, to lock up and detain the faid Numerical Books damped as aforefaid, for any intermediate time between the Days of Drawing any Lottery, if the faid Managers and Directors (hall think (it, or they (hall be required thereto by the faid Commiflioners of the Treafury, or any Three or more of them 5 but fubjeft neverthclefs to fuch Regulations with regard thereto, as the faid Commiflioners of the Treafury or any Three or more of them (hall approve; and if any Perfon prefent at the Drawing of any or either of the faid Lotteries (not being duly authorized or licenfed in manner aforefaid) (hall, at fuch time and Place, take and fet down in Writing the Number or Numbers of any Ticket or Tickets, when and after the fame (hall be drawn, or any Figure or Mark to denote the fame, or (hall make or begin to make any Regider or Lid in Writing of the Numbers of any Tickets which (hall have been drawn on the Day of making or beginning to make or of carrying on fuch Regider or Lid, or mall knowingly have in his Or her Cudody or Pofleffion, or in his, her or their Houfe, Shop, Office or Place, any printed or written Regider or Lid of the Numbers of the Tickets in the faid Lotteries, or of any Part thereof, whether drawn or undrawn, with any Marks, Figures, Letters or Numbers thereon, marking or denoting the Order or time of drawing any fuch Tickets drawn on the fame Day, or the Benefits to which any fuch Tickets may be entitled by virtue of this Aft, other than fuch complete Numerical Regider or Lid in Books of the refpeftive Dimenfions before mentioned, and damped in the manner aforefaid, or fuch Numerical or other Lid of each Day’s drawing as (hall be printed and publi(hed under the Authority ot this Aft by the faid Managers and Direftors ; or if any Perfon or Perfons whatever (hall, unlefs with the fpecial Permiflion in Writing of Three of fuch Managers and Direftors as aforefaid, publiflt or caufe to be publHhed, during the Hours of Drawing the faid Lotteries, any Lid, Regider or Slip containing the Number or Numbers of any Ticket or Tickets drawn on the Day of publtfliing the fame, ot any Marks, Letters or Figures to denote the fame, or (hallpublifli or caufe or procure to be pubhfhed any Lid or Regider of Tickets, wherein the Numbers of any Tickets, or any Marks, Letters or Figum, (hall be placed to denote the time of Day or Order in which any Tickets (hall be drawn, and with the Intent to denote the dune, or (hall in any other manner publi(h the Number or Numbers of any fuch Ticket or Tickets, every fuch Perfon fo offending, and bong lawfully convifted thereof, (hall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds; and that it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord Mayor, or any of the Aldermen of the City of London,

U 2	or

Commiflioners to grant fuch Licences only on account of licenfed Lottery Offices. Numerical Books may be locked up.

Unlicensed Perfons taking down or publHhing the Numbersof Tickets drawn, kc.

Penalty 5I.

On Complaint the Magiflratc; of London or

a 7i.

58° GEO. Ill

A.D. 1818.

2£)2

any Juft ice may grant Warranti for apprehenuing Offender!.

Perfons in the actual Commif. fion of fuch Offence may be apprehended by any Perfon and carried before a Magiftrate, who may commit the Offender if Penalty be not paid.

Application of fuch Penalty.

Convi&ions to be made out in the following

Form.

Penalty may be mitigated.

or any Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate, upon Complaint made upon Oath or folemn Affirmation of any Offence committed again ft. this A& in any of the Particulars before mentioned, whereby fuch pecuniary Penalty as aforefaid may become forfeited, to ifiue his Warrant for apprehending fuch Offender ; and every fuch Regiffer or Lift or Copy as aforefaid made contrary to the Dire&iona of this Alt fhall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any Conftable or other Officer of the Peace, or by any Perfon employed by the faid Managers and Dire&ors in the Execution of the feveral Ads for the Regulation of Lotteries, and upon Produdion thereof before any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, fuch Juftice or Juftices (hall and nay, by bis • or -their Order in Writing, dired the fame to be detained, -orotherwife, if he or they (hall think fit, to be deftroyed; and -if any Perfon or Perfons (hall be found or discovered in the adual Commiffion of any fuch Offence, it (hall and may be lawful for any Perfon whatever to apprehend on the Spot the Perfon or Perfons fo offending, and to convey or caufe to be conveyed before One of the Magiftrates aforefaid the Perfon or Perfons fo apprehended, to be proceeded againft in*fuch manner as is herein directed ; and when any Perfon or Perfons (hall be apprehended, or brought before any of -the Magiftrates aforefaid for any fuch Offence, it (hall and.may.be.lawful for fuch Magiftrate to proceed to examine into the Circumftances of the cafe, and upon due Proof upon Oath or folemn Affirmation of any fuch Offence committed againft this AH, to give Judgment or Sentence accordingly; and where the Party accufed (hall be convi&ed of fuch Offence, and fuch Penalties (hall not be immediately, paid, to commit fuch Offender to Prifon for any Space not exceeding Fourteen Days, nor lefs than Five Days, without Bail or Mainprize, and witnout Appeal, or until fuch Penalty: (hall be fatiafied ; and every fuch Penalty, when paid upon Conviction, (hall be applied to the Ufe of the Informer or Informers, or Perfon or Perlons apprehending or bringing fuch Offender or Offenders before fuch Magiftrate, and the Conftable or Conftables concerned in apprehending or fecuring fuch Offender or Offenders, in fuch Proportions as fuch Magiftrate (hall dire&.

XXIII. And be it further ena&ed, That the Magiftrate before whom any Offender ihall be convi&ed as aforefaid, (nail caufe the faid Convi&ion to be made out in the manner and Form following, or in any other. Form of Words to the like Effe&, mutatis mutandis ; (that is to fay),

KE it remembered. That on	at

A. B. of	was	duly	convi&ed before me

of having committed an Offence againft the Form of an A& of Parliament made in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for granting to His Majefty a Sum of Monet to be raifed by Lotteries; for which Offence I do adjudge that the faid A* B. hath forfeited the Sum of,

to be diftributed in manner following$ (that is to fay,) \here fet out the Proportions and the Names of the Perfons to whom the Penalty Jhall be paid*'] Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year firft above written.* Provided neverthelefs, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Magiftrate, where he (hall fee caufe, to mitigate and leffen any fuch Penalty as he (hall think fit, (reasonable Colts and Charges of the Officers and Informers,

as

A, D. 1818.

58° GEO. Ill

C.71.

293

as well in making the Dtfcovery as in profecuting the fame, being

always allowed over and above fuch mitigated Penalty,) and fo as

filch Mitigation do not reduce the Penalty to lefs than a Moiety of

the Penalty incurred over and above the faid Cofta and Charges, any

thing herein contained to the contrary not with Handing; and no fucn Convi&ion not

Convidion (hall be removed by Certiorari into any Court whatever, removable.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded, That every fuch Licence (hall Licence to be be upon Paper or Parchment, (lamped with a Stamp denoting the	*nd	con-

Paymeirtof tbeDuty of Fifty Pound.herebyim^fed, and (hall fet SnST&JSIi -forth the true Name and Place of Abode of the Perfon oc Perfons t jon of the taking out the fame, and alfo the particular Houfe. or Place where Drawing of the fuch Buiinefs (hall be carried on ; and fuch Licence (hall continue in Lotteries force until after the Expiration of the Drawing of the laft of the Lotteries to be drawn under the Authority of this Ad, or until the faid Licence (hall be forfeited as hereinafter is mentioned and direded, and no longer; and every Perfon ading or dealing in any of the matters therein contained after the Expiration of fucn Licence (hall be confidered in every refped as an unlicensed Perfon.

XXXII. Provided alk>, and be it further enaded, That if any perfons roovid-Perfon or Perfons to whom any fuch Licence or Licences as afore* edof Offence* faid (hall be granted, (hall be profecuted and convided of any Offence forfe5t lheir againft this Ad, whether on.Profccutkm of the Bond to be given in L,cence* purfuance of this. Ad,, or for any Penalty under this Ad, .or as a Rogue and Vagabond;, or in cafe any Perfon or Perfons fo licenfed (hall, in the Opinion of the faid Commiffioners of Stamp Duties, inifcondud himfelf or themfelves, in any Ad, matter or thing relating to the Bufinefs of or in anywife concerning the Lottery, and the faid Commiffioners of Stamp Duties (hall, after hearing the Parties charged with fuch Mifcondud, be of Opinion that he is or they are guilty thereof, then fuch Licence or Licences granted as aforefaid by virtue of this Ad (hall be abfolutely void and of no Effed, and the faid Commiffioners may, if they (hall think proper, refufe to grant to fuch Perfon or Perfons a Licence under any future Ad of Parliament which may be made and pafTed for granting, to His-MajeHyor His SuccefTors a. Sum. of Money to be railed by.

Lotteries.

‘ XXXV. And Whereas many evil difpofed Perfons, to evade

*	the Provifions of the Ads made to punifh Perfons guilty of infur-

*	ing for or againft the Drawing of Tickets, more particularly

*	deferibed in Uiis Ad, have empowered. and authorized and do « empower and authorize Agents tor them to - take Money for fuch

*	illegal Contrads, and have m their Cuftody on Poffeffion Account 4 or Accounts, Statement or Statements, Memorandum or Memo-

*	rand urns in Writing of fuch illegal Contrads entered into;* Be it

therefore enaded, That upon Information upon Oath made before Lxrery Iofurcrs any Magiffrate or Juftice of the Peace, Hating any Perfon to be a in whofe Prereputed Lottery Infurer, and in the Opinion of the Informer .to be in *ni(*« Papers, ftc* Poffeffion of Books, Papers or Memorandums of. illegal Contrads	tolnftir-.

entered into relating to Lottery Insurances, it (hall be lawful for, and	be	*

fach Magiffrate or JuHice of the Peace is hereby required to iffue bis puniffied as Warrant, direded to a Conffable or Officer of Police, to empower Rogues and him with proper Affiffance to fearch the Perfon of the laid reputed Vagabond* Lottery Infurer, to enter the Dwelling Place and Premifes of fuch reputed Lottery Infurer, and fearch for and feize all fuch Papers*

U 3	Account*

29 4

Lonl Lieutenant may appoint Coromif-C oners for executing Adt.

In what cafes Two Commif-fi oners may ad.

Appointment may be revoked by Lord Lieutenant, and in cafe of Vaonw

C. 71, 72.	58°	GEO.	III.	A.D. 1818.

Accounts or Memorandums; and if any fuch be found either in or about the Dwelling Place or Premifes, or upon fuch Lottery In-furer, or any other Perfon or Perfons in the fame Dwelling Place, appearing to relate to Infurance in the Lottery or Little Go, or if any Memorandums of Infurance in the Lottery or Little Go fhould be found at the time of fuch Search, written in Chalk or otherwids upon or about the Dwelling Place or Premifes, then to apprehend and brine the faid reputed Lottery Infurer or Infurers hereinbefore deferibed, with fuch Perfon or Perfons upon whom fuch Lottery or Little Go Infurance Papers, Accounts or Memorandums were found, before Two Magiftrates or Juilices of the Peace, and upon Proof before them that fuch Papers, Accounts or Memorandums relate to Lottery or Little Go Infurances, or if fuch Accounts or Memorandums cannot he brought away without injuring the Premifes, then upon Proof by Two credible Witnefles, of whom the Perfon who (hall have given fuch Information upon Oath as is hereinbefore mentioned (hall not he One, that fuch Memorandums were written with Chalk or otherwise upon or in the Premifes, and related to Lottery or Little Go Infurances, fuch Perfons are to be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds, and puni(hed as fuch.

CAP. LXXII.

An Aft for improving and completing the Harbour of Dun* more, in the County of Waterford, and rendering it a fit Situation for His Majefty’s Packets.	[3d	June 1818.]

4 TT7HEREAS the Pier of Dunmore> at the Mouth of the

*	W Haven of Waterford, has been begun and carried on at

*	the public Expence, chiefly for the Accommodation of His

*	Majefty’s Packets plying between Waterford and Milford: And 4 Whereas it is expedient to provide for the improving and completing

*	the faid Pier and Harbour, for the Regulation of the Shipping

*	that may ufc the fame, and for the Support and Prefervation of the 4 Harbour when completed May it therefore pleafe Your Maiefly that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by spid with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, from and immediately after the paffing of this Aft, to appoint by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands any Perfons whom he or they may think proper, not exceeding Five in Number, to be Com-miflioners for tne Purpofe of carrying this Aft into Execution, who (hall aft without Fee or Reward; and fuch Perfons fo to he appointed (hall be and are hereby appointed Commiflioners for the Purpofes of this Aft ; and it (hall and may be lawful for any Two of the faid Commiflioners to do any Aft, matter or thing whatever in the Execution of this Aft, except in cafes fpecially provided for by this Aft.

II.	Provided always, and he it enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to revoke* the Appointment of soy Perfon or Perfons fo appointed to he a CommiflioBer or

Commiflioners

58° GEO. III.

C.72.

295

Comtniffioners for the Purpofes of this Ad; and that in cafe of ciet by Death, any Vacancy or Vacancies by fuch Revocation, or by the Death or &c;h« ma7 #P-Refignation of any One or more of the Commiffioners to be f°,nl °!^eiPer* appointed by virtue of this Ad, it (hall and may be lawful to and m^onera. ^ for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Inland for the time being, from time to time to nominate and appoint fuch other Perfon or Perfons to be a Conrariffiamer or Commiifioners for the Purpofes of this Ad, as fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being (hall think fit and proper to fupply fuch Vacancies ; and every Perfon fo nominated and appointed ihall have fuch and the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Ad into Execution, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as the Perfons originally appointed to be Commiifioners under this Ad.

III.	And be it further enaded. That the faid Commiifioners and Commiifioners each and every of them (hall take and fubfcribe the Oath following t0 t,ke and fub* before he or they (hall take upon himfelf or themfelves the Execution fcnbe °a,h* of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given, other than ad-miniiiering the faid Oath s

c T A. B. do fwear. That I will, without Favour or Affedion,

*	Hatred or Malice, truly, faithfully and impartially, according

*	to the beft of my Skill and Judgment, execute and perform all

*	and every of the Powers, Authorities and Duties o£ a Com-

*	miffioner repofed. in me under and by virtue of an Ad made in

*	the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty King

*	George the Third, intituled \here fet forth the Title of this A8~\ /

Which Oath any One of the faid Commiifioners, or any Perfon named in any Appointment of Commiifioners, is hereby authorized and required to admiailler at the Firft or any other Meeting to be-held by virtue of this Ad.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful Lord Lieutenant for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of to lppolnt

Ireland for the time being, and he and they is and are hereby Commiifioners

authorized, empowered and required, from time to time to nominate roiy appoint

and appoint a Secretary to the faid Commiifioners ; and the faid other Officers.

Commiifioners are hereby authorized and empowered to nominate

and appoint One or more Clerk or Clerks, and alfo from time to

time to employ fuch Engineers, Surveyors and other Officers, and

fuch Labourers, Workmen and Artificers, as the faid Commiifioners

or any Two of them ihall think proper and expedient, for the better

carrying into Execution the Purpoles of this Ad; and to pay and

allow to fuch Secretary and Clerk fuch Salary or Allowance as the

faid Commiifioners, with the Confent of the Lord Lieutenant or

other Chief Governor or Governors, (hall think fit: Provided Secretary to

neverthelefs, fhat fuch Secretary as (hall or may hereafter be ap-

pointed (hall take and fubfcribe the following Oath before he (hall lcn *

take upon himfelf the Execution of any of the Duties annexed to

his faia Office, which Oath any One of the fdfcl Commiifioners or

any Juftice of the Peace is hereby authorized and empowered to

adminiiler:

4 T C.Z).do fwear. That I will well, truly and faithfully, without

*	Fraud or Concealment, do, perform and execute the feveral

*	Duties attached to the Office 01 Secretary to which I have beex*

U 4t	appointed

296

C. 72.

58® GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

Com mifli oners may contiart for Works.

Contraft lobe finned.

Commiflioners may bring and defend Art 1 or a in the Name of their Secretary.

No Abatement by Death, Sec. of Secretary.

*	appointed by the Commiffioners for improving and completing the

* Harbour at Dunmore, in the County of Waterford; and that I

*	will not accept or receive, directly or indiredly, any Monies, Fees, « Perquifites or Proftts, by Way of Commiffion, Premium, Per « Centage, Poundage or otherwise, for or’by reafon of the faid

<	Office, or any of the Duties annexed thereto, or by reafon of « any Account, Contract or Payment made or to be made, or in

*	any way relating to the faid Harbour, or any of the Materials or

<	Works thereof, fave fuch Payment and Compen{ation only as fliall

<	be paid or allowed to me by the faid Commiffioners/

And if any fuch Secretary, Clerk or other Officer, Engineer or Surveyor, (hall be guilty of any Fraud, Concealment or other matter, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the faid Oath, and be thereof convided, he (hall be deemed guilty of a Mifdemeanor5 and it (hall be lawful for the Court, by and before whom fuch Perfon (hall be tried and convided, to in Aid fuch Puniffiment as may be by Law inffided on a Perfon guilty of a Mifdemeanor.

V.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Commiffioners for the Purpofcs of this Ad for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to contrad and agree with any (it and proper Perfon or Perfons, Engineer, Surveyor, Artificers, Workmen and others, for the making, doing, completing and finifhing all or any of the Quays, Piers, Walls, Eredions, Roads and Works requifitc to be done and performed, for the completing, executing and finifhing the faid Harbour at Dum-more, or any Part thereof, or for fupplying any of the Materials for the fame ; and every fuch Contrad (hall be (igned by the Perfon or Perfons contrading or agreeing to perform fuch Works refpedively, and alfo by Two or more of the Commiflioners for the Purpofes of this Ad, or by the Secretary authorized by the faid Commif-fioners for that Purpofe ; and that all Contrads which (hall or may be fo entered into (hall be and the fame are hereby declared good, valid and effedual, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiffioner or Commiflioners may fue and be fued in the Name of his or their Secretary for the time being, by the Style and Title of, * Secretary to the Commiflioners of Dunmore Harbourand that all Adions, Suits, Profecutions, Informations, Appeals and other Proceedings what-' foever, that may be neceffary or expedient to be brought for the Recovery of any Penalty or Sum of Money due or payable by virtue of this Ad, to be had, taken, profecuted or defended by or again ft the faid Commiffioners, (hall be had, taken and profecuted in the Name of the Secretary; and that no Adion, Suit, Profecution, Information, Appeal or other Proceedings to be had, taken, profecuted or defended by or again ft the faid Commiffioners in the }4ame of their Secretary, (hall abate or be difeontinued by the Death, Sufpenfion or Removal of fuch Secretary, or by any Ad or Default of fuch Secretary done or ^uffered, without the Confcnt or Diredion of the faid Commiffioncre, but that the Secretary for the time being (hall be always deemed the Plaintiff, Profecutor, Informant, Appellant, Defendant or Refpondent, in any fuch Adion, Suit, Profecution, Information, Appeal or other Proceedings, except in fuch Adiod or Adions, Suit or Suits, as (hall be inftituted, profecuted and carried on between the faid Commiffioners and the Secretary for the time

being.

Exception.

A.D. 1818.

58® GEO. III.

207

C.7*.

being, in which Adion or Adions, Suit or Suits, any one of the faid Commiffioners (hall or may be Plaintiff or Defendant, a9 the cafe may be : Provided always, that every fuch Secretary, in whofe • Name any fuch A&ion, Suit, Profecution, Information, Appeal or other Proceeding (hall be had, taken, profecuted or defended, in purfu&nce of this Ad, (hall be fully indemnified, reimburfed and paid, out of the Monies applicable to the Purpofes of this Ad, all fuch Coils, Charges, Damages and Expences as by the Events, or in confequence of any fuch Action, Suit, Information, Appeal or other Proceedings, he (nail pay, bear, expend or be put unto, or become chargeable with or liable for, or be fairly entitled to, by reafon of his being fo made Plaintiff, Defendant, Informant, Appellant or Refjpondent, as aforefaid, unlefs fuch Adion or Suit (hall arife in confequence of his own wilful Negled or Default, or that (hall have been brought or commenced, or be defended, without the Order of the faid Commiflioners.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for all the Three Commiflioners to be appointed for the Purpofes of this Ad, by any Writing under the Hands of them and every of them, from time to time to authorize and empower their Secretary for the time being to do any fpecial Ad, matter or thing which fuch Commiflioners, or any Two of them, are by this Ad authorized to do ; and every Ad, matter or thing done by fuch Secre-tary in the Execution of fuch Power and Authority, (hall be as good and valid to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were done by fuch Commiflioners or any Two of them.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Commiflioners for the Execution of this Ad, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by and with the Confent and Approbation in Writing of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief

% , Governor or Governors pt Ireland for the time being, to purchafe all fuch Lands, Ground, Buildings, Houfes, Hereditaments and Premifes whatfoever as are mentioned and particularized in the Schedule marked A. trt this Ad annexed, and in the Map or Plan depofited with the Clerk of the Parliaments, or fuch Part of them as the faid Commiflioners for the Execution of this Ad may, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors as aforefaid, think neceffary to be purchafed and employed for the Purpofes of this Ad; and all fuch Ground, Buildings, Houfe9 and Premifes which (hall be purchafed and employed for the Purpofes of this Ad, (hall, when fo purchafed, be veiled in the faid Commiflioners, and (hall be taken Pofieifion of and (hall be employed for the Pqrpofes of this Ad, according to the Diredions of the Commiflioners for executing this Ad, under the Regulations in this Ad mentioned and contained.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail General or Special, Parfons, and all Vicars, Feoffees in Trufl, Committees of Lunatics and Idiots, Executors, Adminiftrators, Guardians and other Truftees whatfoever, for or on behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert or Ceftuique Trulls, and for all and every Perfon and Per-fons whomsoever who are or (hall be feifed, poffefied of or interefted in.any of the.Lands, Grounds or Hereditaments fpedfied in the

Schedule

Secretary indemnified in re-fpeft of fuch Aftion*.

AH the Com-miffioners may empower the Secretary to aft for them.

Commiffioners empowered to purvlufe Land;,

veiled in Com-miffi oners.

Bodies Politic. Sec. empowered to fell and convey Lands to Commiffioners.

C. 72.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

In default of Agreement, a Jury lobe fum-moned.

Penalty aool.

How Jury drawn.

Challenge of Jury.

Schedule marked A. to this A& annexed, to treat, contract and agree with the faid Commiffioners for the Purchafe of fuch Lands, Grounds or Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof, and for their Intereft therein, for the Purpofes afore faid, and to fell and convey the fame, as Occafion (hall be or require ; and all Contra&i and Agreements, Sales and Conveyances which fhall be fo made, (hall be valid and effe&ual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes, any Law, Statute, Ufage or any other matter or thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in any wile notwithstanding; and all Feoffees in Truft, Committees of Lunatics and Idiots, Executors, Admini-trators, Guardians and Tru flees, Corporations Aggregate and Sole, and all other Perfons, are and (hall be hereby indemnified for what they (hall do by virtue or in purfuance of this Ad.

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons feifed or poffeiTed of, or interefted in any Ground, Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premiles which (hall be deemed neceffary to be purchafed by the Commiffioners appointed under this A6fc, with fuch Confeut and Approbation as aforefaid, (hall refufe to treat or agree for the Sale thereof, or (hall not agree with the faid Commiffioners in the Sum of Money offered to be given for the fame, or (hall not or cannot produce a clear Title to the Pre-mifes they are in Poffeffion of, or the Interefl: they claim therein, that then and in every fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners or any Two of them (not being interefted in the Queftion to be determined, by being entitled to any Sura or Sums of Mooey claimed to be paid for luch Lands and Premifes, or any Damages lefpe&ifgly or any Part thereof) from time to time to iflue a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, under their Hands and Seals, to the Sheriff of the County or Counties in which fuch Lands lie, thereby commanding fuch Sheriff to impanneland return a competent Number of fubftantial and difititerefted Perfons qualified to ferve on Juries, not lefa than Twenty nor more than Forty, and fuch Sheriff is hereby authorized and required to impannel and return fuch Jury or Juries from time to time accordingly, u^ier the Penalty of Two hundred Pounds for every Default in fo doing, to be recovered by A&ion of Debt, Bill of Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record, by fuch Commiffioners or tneir Secretary, in manner herein provided, or in default by them or either or any of them, then by any Perfon who (hall fue for the fiune in any Court of Record in this Kingdom ; and out of fuch Perfons fo to be im-pannelled and returned, a Jury of Twelve Perfons (hall be drawn by lome Perfon, by Ballot, to be named by the faid Commiffioners, or by their Secretary appointed as aforefaid; which Perfons fo to be impanoelled, fummoned and returned as aforefaid, are required to come and appear before the (aid Commiffioners or their Secretary as aforefaid at fuch time and Place as in fuch Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, (hall be directed and appointed, and to attend the faid Commiffioners or their Secretary until difeharged by them or him ; and all Parties concerned fhall and may have their lawful Challenges againft any of the faid Jurymen, but (hall not be at liberty to challenge the Array; and the faid Commiffioners or any Two of them, or their Secretary as aforefaid (not being interefted as aforefiud), are hereby authorized and empowered by Precept or Precepts, Summons or Summonfes, from time to time as Occafion (ball require,

12	to

58° GEO. III.

299

C.7».

to call before them or him and the faid Jury all and every Perfon and Perfons whomfoever who (hall be thought proper and necefTary to be examined as Witnefles before them or him and the faid Jury9 on their Oath or Oaths, touching or concerning the Premifes ; and the faid Commiffioners or their Secretary, as the cafe may be, if they or he (hall think fit, (hall and may authorize the faid Jury to view the Place or Places in queftion in fuch Manner as they (hall direct, and (hall have Power to adjourn fuch Meeting from Day to Day as Occafion (hall require, and to command fuch Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as alfo the Oaths to fuch Perlon and Perfons as (hall be called upon to give Evidence, the faid Commiffioners, not being interefted as aforefaid, or their Secretary, are and is hereby empowered and required to admin(ler) to inquire of the Value of fuch Grounds, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as (hall be required or necefTary for the Purpofes of this AA, and of the refpeAive Eftate, Right, Title, Term and Intereft of every Perfon and Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, feifed or poflefied thereof or interefted therein, or of or in any Part thereof, and (hall aftefs and award the Sum or Sums to be paid to every fuch Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Purchafe of his, her or their refpeAive Edates, Rights, Titles, Terms and Interefts as aforefaid ; and the faid Comjnimoners or any Two of them, not being interefted as aforefaid, or their Secretary, (hall and may award and give Judgment for fuch Sum or Sums of Money To to be aflefied and awarded $ which faid Verdi A or VerdiAs, and the faid Award, Judgment and Determination thereupon, Notice in Writing being given to the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate interefted, at leaft Twenty one Days before the time of the Firft Meeting of the faid Jury, declaring the time and Place of the Meeting, and the Purpofes for which the fame is had, by leaving fuch Notice at the Dwelling Houfe of fuch Perfon or Perfons, or at his, her or their ufual Place or Places of Abode, if then refident within Ireland, and if not then with the known Agent or Receiver of the Rents of fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall be then abfent from Ireland, or if a Body Politic or Corporate, then with the oftenfible or aAing Officer of fuch Body Politic or Corporate, (hall be binding and conclufive to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever againft all and every Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, claiming any Eftate, Right, Title, Truft, Ufe or Intereft in, to or out of any fuch Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or Premifes, either in PofTeffion, Reverfion, Remainder or ExpeAancy, as well Infants and IfTue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots and Feme Coverts, and Perfons under any legal Incapacity or Difability, and all other Ceftuique Trufts, his, her and their SuccefTors, Exe-i cutors and Adminiftrators, and againft all other Perfons whomfoever; and the (aid Verdi As, Awards, Judgments and Decrees, and all other ProceedingS'Of the faid Commimoners and Juries, to be made, given and pronounced as aforefaid, (hall be fairly written on Parchment, and figned by the faid Commiffioners who mall pronounce fuch Judgment*

•XL Aod be it further enaAed, That when the Value of any Lands, Tenements or Premifes, (hall be fubmitted to a Jury, fuch Lands, Tenements or Premifes, (hall be valued by fuch Junr, with refpeA to the a&ual State, Situation and Value of fuch LantU and Premifes,

in

Jury may view,

aod inquire of the Value.

Commiffioner.' not being interefted may give Judgment.

Notice.

Conclufive.

Proceedings to be figned by Commifiionexs.

Jury to value Ground according to a&ual State.

C.7 2.

58° GEO. III.

A.D:i818.

Upon Payment of Sums awarded Conveyances tc be made to Commitfioneri.

Proceedings to be enrolled in the Court of Chancery, and Copies to be Evidence ;

and on Pro* eeedings herein mentioned, Eftate veiled in Commiflioners.

If Jury give more than offered by Com-miflioners, how Cofts attending the Decifion to be paid.

in like manner as if the Ad had not been made, and not according to the additional Value which Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premifes may acquire, or be fuppofed to acquire by the making, improving and completing the faid Harbour, or by any future Improvements to be made or which might be made in any fuch Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premifes, in confequeoce of fuch Harbour, or the Expenditure which (hall be laid out for the Purpofes of this A A.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That upon Payment of fuch Sum or Sums of Money fo to be awarded or adjudged to the Perfon, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whom the fame (hall be awarded for the Purchafe of fuen Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premifes as aforefaid, or for the Purchafe of any Eftate, Right, Title, Term or Intereft therein, or on depofiting the fame in the Bank of Ireland in manner by this A61 direded, as the caie may be, fuch Perfon or Perform, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, (hall make and execute, or caufe or procure to be made and executed. Conveyances to the faid Commiflioners of fuch Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premifes as aforefaid, or of fnch Eftate, Right, Title, Term or Intereft for which fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be fo awarded, and (hall procure all neceflary Parties to execute foch Conveyances, Aflignments and Aflurances, and (hall do all A6b, matters and things neceflary and requifite to make a good, clear and perfed Title to the faid Commiflioners.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That all fuch Judgments, Verdids, Sentences, Decrees, Orders and other Proceedings of the faid Commiflioners and Juries, as relate to or concern the Premifes aforefaid, (hall be enrolled in the Rolls1 Office of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and the fame, or true Copies thereof, (hall be deemed and taken to be good and fufficient Evidence and Proof in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity what foe ver ; and immediately on the Entry of fuch Verdids, Judgments, Sentences, Decrees, Orders and other Proceedings of the laid Commiflioners and Juries as aforefaid, and on Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money agreed on or adjudged or awarded for the Purchafe of any Land or Premifes, to the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premifes, or to the Perfon or Perfons who (hall be entitled to receive fuch Money, or on Payment of fuch Money, refpeding which any Difficulties, Difputes or Differences (hall arife, into the Bank of Ireland, in manner and for the Purpofes herein mentioned, all the Eftate, Right, Title, Term, Intereft, Ufe, Truft, Property, Claim and Demand in Law and Equity of the Perfons to whom or to whofe Ufe fuch Money (hall be paid as aforefaid, (hall pafs to and be veiled in the faid Commiflioners for the Purpofes of this Ad, who (hall be deemed in Law to be in the adual Pof-feffion thereof to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe any Jury (hall give in a Verdid for more Monies as a Recompence for the Right, Intereft or Property of any Perfon or Perfons in any Lands or Hereditaments, than what (hall have been offered by the laid Commiflioners, before the fummoning or returning the Jury, as a Recompence for any fuch Right, Intereft or Property, that toen and in fuch cafe the Cofts and Expences attending the deciding the fame by fuch Jury and Witneffes (hall be borne and paid by the. faid Commiflioners

out

A. D. 1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. 7 2.

301

out of the Money to be raifed by virtue of this Aft; but if fuch Jury (hall give a Verdift for no more or for lefs Monies than (hall have been offered by the faid Commiflioners, before the fummoning and returning the faid Jury, as a Recompence for any fuch Right and Intereft or Property as aforefaid, that then the Cofts and E*-pences attending the deciding the fame by fuch Jury and Witneffes (hall be borne and paid by the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Lands or Hereditaments (hall belong.

XV.	And be it further enafted, That if any Money (hall be agreed or awarded *to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchafed by virtue of the Powers and for the Purpofes of this Aft, which (hall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic or Perfon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity, or feifed or poffeffed of only a particular or determinable Eilate or Intereft therein, fuch Money (hall, in cafe the fame (hall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Coramimoners for executing this Aft, to the Intent that fuch Money may be applied, under the Direftion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands or Hereditaments, towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances or Part thereof as the faid Court (hall authorize to be paid, affefting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affefting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing fettled therewith to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents or Purpofes; or where fuch Money (hall not be fo applied, then the fame (hall be laid out and invefted, under the like Direftion and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands or Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to, for and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents and Purpofes, and in the fame manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which (hall be fo purchafed, taken or ufed as aforefaid Rood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement (hall be exifting undetermined and capable of taking Effeft; and in the meantime, and until fuch Pur'-chafe (hall be made, the faid Money (hall by Order of the faid Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be vetted by the faid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchafe of fome of the Public Funds or Annuities transferable at the Bank of Ireland ; and in the meantime, and until the faid Public Funds or Annuities (hall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Funds or Annuities (hall from time to time be paid by Order of the faid Court to the* Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands or Hereditaments fo hereby direfted to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That if any Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchafed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under Incapacity or Dif-,

ability

Application of Compen&tion Money when amounting to or exceeding acoU

Application when Compen fation is lefs than SOol. and exceeds aol.

302

C.7*.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Application when Money it left than ftol.

In certain cafes the Purchafe Money paid into the Bank, to be placed to the Credit of Parties interefted in the Premifes, fub-jt& to the Order of the Court of Chancery on Motion or Petition.

ability as aforefaid, fhall be lefs than the Sum. of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in fuch cafe the fame (hall (at the Option of the Perfon or Perfoos for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments taken or ufed, or of his, or her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpe&ive Hands,) be paid into the faid Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the faid Accountant General of the faid High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in the manner hereinbefore dire&ed ; or otherwife the fame (hall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfona making fuch Option, and approved of by the Commifiioners for executing this A6t, (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,! in order that fuch Principal Money and the Dividends arifing therefrom may be applied in manner hereinbefore dire&ed, fo far as the fame may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the faid Court of Chancery.

XVII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where fuch Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid as laft before mentioned, (hall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch cafes the fame (hall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken or ufed for the Purpofes of this Ad, in fuch manner as the faid Commifiioners for executing this Ad (hall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for theUfe mid Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons entitled refpedively.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be fo ordered to be paid as aforefaid, (hall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes to the Satisfadion of the faid Commifiioners, or (hall refufe to execute fuch Conveyance or Conveyances ; or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfon8 to whom fnch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo ordered to be paid as aforefaid cannot be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovered, then and in every fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffionen to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded to be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands or Hereditaments, deferibing them, fubjeft to the Order, Control and Difpofition of the (aid Court; which faid Court,' on the Application of any Pexfon or Perfons making claim to fnch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, fhall be and n hereby empowered, in a fommary Way of Proceeding or otherwife, as to the Court (hall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and mvdled in the Public Funds, or to order Difbri-bution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpe&ive Eftate and E dates, Title or Intereft of the Perfon or Penont making dairn thereunto, and to make fuch Order in

A. D. 1818.

58® GEO. IU.

C. 72,

303

the Premifes as to the faid Court (hall feem juft and reafonable;

and the Caftiier of the Bank of Ireland, who (hall receive fuch Cslhierof the

Sum Or Sums of Money, is and arc hereby required to give a Receipt Btnkito receive

or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and tbe Moniei-

fpecifyine for what and for whole Ufe the fame is or are received,

to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of

Money into the faid Bank as aforefaid.

XIA. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That where Provifo for cafe any Queftion (hall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any of difputtd Money to be paid into the Bank of Ireland> in the Name and witn Titles, the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuance of this Ad, for the Purchafe of any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Eftate, Right or Intereft in any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or to the Divi-dends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have been in Pofleffion of fuch Lands or Hereditaments at the time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Pofleffion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, (hall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands or Hereditaments, according to fuch Pofleffion, until the contrary (hall be (hewn to the Satisfadion of the faid Court of Chancery ; and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Monies, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, (hall be paid, applied and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it (hall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Pofleffion was a wrongful Pofleffion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

XX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded. That where by Court of Chan-

reafon of any DifabUity. or Incapacity of any Perfon or Perfons or cery may °*dec Corporation entitled to any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchafed	x’

under the Authority of this Ad, the Purchafe Money for the Cofts to be paid, fame (hall be required to be paid into the faid Court, and to be

applied in the Purchafe of other Lands or Hereditaments, to b* fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of this Ad, it (hall be lawful for the faid Court to order the Expences of all Purchafes from time to lime to be made in purfuance of this Ad, or fo much of fuch Expences as the Court (hall deem reafonable, together with the neceflary Colls and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by tbe faid Truftees, who (hall from time to time pay fuch Sum of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court (hall dired.

XXI.	And be it further enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful Coramiffioneri to and for the faid Commiffioners for the Execution of this Ad*, by ™aydifP®re and with the Advice and Confent of* the Lord Lieutenant or other w“le*^ c’ Chief Governor or Governors for the time being, to contrad for the Such Contra a, granting, leafing, felling or difpofing of, and to grant, leafe, fell &c. to be ap-and difpofe of, any Part of any Lands, Tenements and Heredita- proved by Lord meats which (hall or may from time to time be purchafed under this

Ad, and which (hall or may not be neceflary for the Purpofes thereof: JJoifcre, Ac. Provided always, that every Contrad and every Leafe or Sale of any fuch Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any Part of them, (hall receive the feparate Approbation and Confent of fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and (hall be

made,

C.72.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.181&

How Money arifing there* from and from Rent* to be dif-poled c>f.

Commiffioners to account.

Account approved and figoed a Difcharge to Commiifioners.

Limits of the Harbour.

Harbour Matter to M appointed by Lord Lieutenant; and to lay Moorings, Sec.

made, after public Notice given of fuch intended Contract, Leak or Sale, in fuch manner and under fuch Regulations as fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors (hall from time to time order and direct; and all Money arifing from the Sale thereof, and all Money arifing from the Produce of the Rent of fuch Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, (hall be and the fame are hereby vetted in the Commiflioners for executing this Ad; and all fuch Money arifing from the Sale of fuch Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, fhall and may be difpofed of and applied, under the Di-redions of the faid Commiflioners, in and towards the Purpofes of this Ad, as the faid Commiflioners fhall think fit and expedient • and the faid Commiflioners for the Execution of this A61, (hall Four times in every Year, that is to fay, within One Calendar Month next after the Twenty ninth Day of September, the Twenty fifth Day of December, the Twenty fifth Day of March, and the Twenty fourth Day of June in every Year, or whenever thereto required by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or his or their Secretary, render and give an Account to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or to the Chief Secretary of fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, of the Amount of all Money received by the (aid Commiflioners for executing this Ad, and of the Application thereof for the Purpofes of this Ad, up to each Quarter Day refpe&vdy, or to fuch other time as fhall be required; and fuch Lord Lieu- | tenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or the Chief Secretary of fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, (hall and may examine every fuch Account, and, in cafe they fhall ap- j prove thereof, fhall figmfy fuch their Approbation thereof in Writing at the Foot of fuch Account, figned by the faid Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or by fuch Chief Secretary as aforefaid, and fhall tranfmit and return the fame fo approved to the Commiflioners for executing this Ad ; and every Account fo approved and figned as aforefaid fhall be a full and fufficient Difcharge to the faid Commiffioners from or on account of all fuch Sums of Money as fhall be mentioned in any fuch Account, and for the Expenditure and Application thereof; and the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad (hall not he compellable or compelled to give or render any further or other Account of any fuch Money, or of the Expenditure or Application thereof; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.	I

XXII.	And be it further enaded, That the Limits of the faid I Harbour of Dunmore fhall be deemed and confidered to be from Shannoon Point, otherwife called Black Nob, to Ardnamult Point.

XXIII.	And he it further enaded. That from and after the puffing of this Ad it fhall and may he lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being from time to time to appoint a Perfon to ad as Harbour Matter within the faid Harbour, and to remove any Harbour Matter fo appointed, and to appoint another in his Room or Stead, as he or they fhall fee fitting; and that it fhall and: may he lawful for the laid Harbour Matter, as he fhall think fitting and expedient, to lay down I Moorings or Mooring ChainS| and ered and let up .Landmarks,

Beacons

A,D. 1818.	58°	GEO.	III.	C.	72.

Beacons and Buoys, in any Place or Places in the faid Bay or Harbour of Dunmorct or adjoining Lands between Sbannoon Point, otherwise Slack Nob» and Ardnamult Point, for the Guidance and Safety of His Majefty’s Packets, and all other Ships and Veffels entering faid Harbour.

XXIV.	And be it’further enafted, That it (hall and may be Salary toHar-

lawful for the faid Commilfioners for the Purpofes of this Aft out four Mailer, of the Duties of Tonnage made payable under this A A, to pay to the ^ nj* faid Harbour Mailer fuch Salary and Allowances as to the faid Com-	oth*r

miffioners, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the

time being lhall appear competent and fufficient for the Performance of his Duties under this Aft ; and if the faid Harbour Mailer /hall direftly or indireftly alk or demand, or take or receive, any Fee*

Gratuity or Reward for the Performance of his Duty under this Aft, or under Pretext or Pretence of any Aft done by him in Execution of this Aft, over or beyond fuen Salary or Allowance as aforefaid, fuch Harbour Mailer lhall for every luch Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, together with Double the Amount of fuch Penalty.

Fee, Gratuity or Reward.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That every fuch Harbour Power of Har-Mafter lhall have Power and Authority to direft the mooring, un- fo“r as mooring, moving or removing of all Ships or other Veffels coming 10 Moorings, &c. into, lying or being in the laid Port or Harbour of Dunmore, or

the Limits thereof as deferibed in this Aft, and to appoint and

regulate the time or times and the manner of their Entrance into,

lying in or going out of or from fuch Harbour, and to regulate and

determine tne Pofition of fuch Ships and other Veffels; and in cafe Refilling to obey

any Owner, Mailer or other Perfon having the Charge or Command Harbour Matter.

of any Ship or other VelTel, lhall refufe or negleft to moor, unmoor,

place, move or remove his Ship or VelTel according to fuch Direftions,

upon Notice to him or them given or left with any Perfon or Perfons

on board of fuch Ship or VelTel for that Purpofe, every fuch Owner,

Mailer or other Perfon lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and it lhall and may be lawful to Penalty, and for the faid Harbour Mailer and his Afliffants, and he and his Alfiffants are hereby required, to moor, unmoor, place, move or remove fuch Ship and VelTel accordingly; and in cafe any Mailer,

Commander, Mate, Pilot or other Perfon or Perfons taking Charge

or Command of any Ship or other VelTel, or any other Perfon or

Perfons whofoever, lhall obllruft or hinder the mooring, unmooring, Obftrulling

placing, moving or removing of any Ship or other VelTel lying or Mooring*.

being in the faid Harbour, or the Limits or any Part thereof as

deferibed in this Aft, then and in every fuch cale fuch Perfon or

Perfons To offending lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any

Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.	Penalty. x

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon lhall MdeftingOf-wilfully obllruft, moleff or hinder any Surveyor, Engineer, Work- *CCTtor men or Labourers employed by the faid Commiflioners or their raen“

Secretary for the Purpofes of this Aft, in the Performance of his^

her or tneir Duty or Employment in the Execution of this Aft, every Perfon fo offending lhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and if any Perfon Penalty.

/hall wilfully, and to th$ Prejudice of the faid Harbour, break, throw Breaking dom 58 Gao. III.	X	down,	**«■*■*

VTOKKl,

A.D. 18 IB.

3W

Felony.

Damaging Ships, Ac. Ropes, Cables, tc.

Penalty.

Duties in Schedule to this Aft to be levied and paid.

ProvHo far Ships beloiiging to His Majefty, Ac.

Harbour MafUr to receive and account for Duties in Schedule B. y

C.72.	58°	GEO.	III.

down, deftroy or in any wife damage or injure any Pier, Dock, Quay, Refervoir, Ereft ion, Machine, Building, Roadway or other Work whatfoever, to be erefted or made by virtue of this A ft, or any Part thereof, or of any Works erefted in purfuance of this Aft, every fuch Perfon fo offending (hall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and being lawfully convifted thereof (hall be lubjeft to the like Pams and Penalties as in cafes of Felony; and the Court by or before whom fuch Perfon (hall be tried and convifted (hall have Power and Authority to caufe fuch Perfon to be puni(hed as a Felon may be punifhed by the Law of Ireland, or in Mitigatiop of fuch Puniflimelit fuch Court may award fuch leffer Puniftiment as to fuch Court (hall feern proper,

XXVII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfon9 (hall wilfully and malicioully hurt, cut, damage or deftroy any Ship, Wherry, Boat or other Veffel, lying within the prefent Harbour of Dunmore, or upon the Piers, Quays, Roads or Way leading to or belonging to the faid Harbour, or either or any of them, any Rope, Cable, Anchor, Oar, Spear or any Tackling, Neceflary or Material, belonging to any fuch Ship, Wherry, Boat or other Veffel, or any of the Furniture, Cargo or Property belonging to or on board fuch Ships or Yeffels, or any Goods or Property of any Perfon or Perfons what foe ver, which may be lying at, upon or along fuch Piers, Quays, Roads or Ways, or any of them, or any of the Tools, Implements, Materials or other Goods, Chattels or Property ufed or intended to be ufed in the faid Harbour, or the Works conne&ed therewith or belonging thereto, or to the (aid Commifiioners or to any other Perfon, for the Ufe of tbe faid Works, that then and in fuch cafe the Perfon or Perfons fo offending (hall upon Conviftion forfeit and pay any Sum not lefs than Two Pounds, or more than Ten Pounds, in the Difcretion of the Juftice before whom fuch Offender (hall be convifted of fuch Offence.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the palling of this Aft there (hall be raifed, levied, collefted and paid, upon or in refpeft of Ships, Veffels or other Bottoms which (haU come into the Port or Harbour of Dunmore, and upon and in refpeft of the feveral matters and things mentioned, fpecified and fet forth in the Schedule marked B. to this Aft annexed, tbe feveral Duties and Sums of Money mentioned, fpecified and fet forth in Words and Figures in the faid Schedule, in addition to all other Duties of Cuftoms payable on or in refpeft of fuch Ships or Veffels, or fuch matters or things refpeftively, under any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland.

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to the levying of any Duties from or in refpeft of any Veffel or Veffels belonging to His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors, or that (hall or may be employed in His Majefty’s Service, or in the Service of the Poll Office, Excife or Cuftom9, or from or in refpeft of any Fiftring Veffels or Pilot Boats, or from or in refpeft of any Boats employed in the Service of the Commifiioners for the Harbour of Waterford.

XXX.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Harbour Mailer of the (aid Harbour of Dunmore*ior tfi£ time being to colleft and levy from the Mafters and Owners of thi feveral Ships and Veffels which /hall come into the faid ijarbour, the

feveral

A.D. 1818/	58°	GEO.	III.	C.72.

ieveral Duties mated by this Adi and the Schedule marked B. thereto annexed; and that the faid Duties (hall be payable to the (aid Harbour Mailer over and above all other Duties whatever payable on fuch Ships and Yeflels in refpcd of the Tonnage thereof, or otherwife howfoever; and that it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Harbour Mailer to feize and diftrain any fuch Ship or Veflel, or the Tackle, Apparel or Furniture thereof, or any Part thereof, and to detain the lame until Payment of the faid Duties, and to give a Receipt for fuch Duties when paid; and the faid Harbour Mailer (hall keep an Account of all Sum and Sums of Money received by him on account of the faid Duties under this Adi, and (hall account for the fame Weekly and every Week to the faid Commiflioners for the Purpofes of this Adi, and (hall pay over the lame at fuch timet and in fuch manner, and under fuch Regulations, as the faid Com-miSioners from time to time (hall diredl; and the fame to be applied to the Purpofes of this Adi.

* XXXI. And Whereas by an Adi paffed in the Fifty fixth Year 4 of His prelent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for improving the 4 Port and Harbour of Waterford, and for other Purpofes relating 4 thereto, it is enadfced, that all VeiTels entering the Harbour of 4 Waterford (hall pay certain Duties by the faid Adi granted, on 4 reporting at the Cuftom Houfe of Waterford ;9 Be it enadled and declared. That nothing in the faid Adi contained (hall be conflrued to extend to VeffelWntering the Harbour of Dunmore% or anchoring within the Limits thereof; a* hereinbefore mentioned, and not reporting and entering at the Cuftom Houfe at Waterford; any thing in the laid recited Adi, or in any Schedule thereto annexed, to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

XXXII.	And be it further enadled, That when the faid Harbour and Port of Dunmore fhall be completed, the fame (hall be and become vetted in the Commiflioners hereinbefore diredled to be appointed ; and that it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Com-miflioners, by and with the Approbation and Confent of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being from time to time to reduce the Duties payable according to the Schedule marked B. to this Adi annexed, and to raife the fame again from time to time to the Amount of the Duties in the laid Schedule fpecified, whenever it (hall appear advantageous or expedient fo to do.

XXXIII.	And be it further enadled, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Adb impofed, the manner of levying and rcco* vering whereof is not otherwife particularly diredled, (hall be levied and recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the* Offender's Good** and Chattels, and by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of One or more Juftices of the Peace for the County of Waterford, which Warrant or Warrants fuch Juttice or Juttices is and are hereby empowered and required to grant upon the - In* formation of One or more credible Witnefs or Witnefles upon Oath, which Oath fuch Juttice or Juftices is and are hereby empowered to adminifter without Fee or Reward ; and fuch Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the Overplus, if any be, when demanded, to the Party or Parties whofe Goods and Chattels (kail be fo diftrained and fold, the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale being firft deducted* lhall be paid, if not otherwife dire&ed

X 2	to

907

and may Di£ train, fcc.

j6 G. 3. c.Ixiv. not to extend to certain VefTelt entering Dun-more Harbour.

After Completion of Harbour, to veft in Com-mifliooars, who may, with Content of Lord lieutenant, reduce Duties, in * Schedule B., fee.,

Penalties how recovered and applied.

58° GEO. Ill,

A.D.1818.

308	C.	72.

Appeal to the Quarter Seffions.

Cofts.

Notice of Ap-

pwl.

Orders not quathed for want of Form.

No Certiorari.

Conviftfon of Offenders.

to be applied by this Aft, to the Harbour Matter of the faid Har-hour, to be by him accounted For to the Commiffioners under this Aft, in like manner and for the fame Ufes and Purpofesas the Rates and .Duties fpecified in Schedule B. to this Aft annexed are applicable ; and if fufficient Diftrefs fhall not be found, it (hall be lawful for fuch Juftice or Juflices to commit every fuch Offender to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correftion within the faid County of Waterford* there to remain without Bail or Mainprise for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reafonable Charges, (hall be fooner paid.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That ra cafe any Perfon (hall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by any thing done in purfuance of this Ad, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already hereby appointed, it (hall be lawful for fuch Perfon to appeal to the Juftices of Peace at their next General Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be held in and for the faid County of Waterford; or in cafe the faid Caufe of Complaint (hall arife within Twenty Days next before fuch General Quarter Seffions of the Peace, then fuch Appeal may be made to tkc faid Juftices at the Second General Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be held for the faid County, who are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine the Complaint of any fuch Perfon in a fummary Way, and, if they fee Caufe, may by Order of fuch Seffions mitigate at their difcretion all or any of the Penalties afore* faid, or vacate or fet afide the Conviftion, and fet the Party at liberty, or otherwife may ratify and confirm the fame, and award fuch Cofts to the Parties appealing or appealed againft as to them fhall feem juft and reafonable, and to make fuch Orders and Judgments in regard to the Premifes as they (hall think fit; but the Perfon fo appealing (hall give Notice in Writing to the faid Harbour Mafter of fuch his or her Intention of bringing fuch Appeal, and of the Caufe or Matter thereof, Fourteen Days before the faid Quarter Seffions.

XXXV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That no Order made touching or concerning any of the Matters aforefaid, or any other Proceeding to be had touching the Conviftion of any Offender or Offenders againft this prefect Aft, (hall be quafhed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever into any of His Majefty'i Courts of Record at Dublin ; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwit hftan ding.

XXXVI.	And for the more eafy and fpeedy Conviftion of Offenders againft this Aft, be it further enafted, That all and every the Juftice or Juftices of the Peace before whom any Perfon or Perfons fhall be convifted of any Offence againft this Aft, (hall aod may caufe the Conviftion to be drawn up in the following Fora of Words, or in any Form of Words to the fame Effeft 5

Form of Con- • RE it remembered. That on the	Day	of

v ftkm.	«	in	the	Year	of	His	Majefty's

*	Reign, ji. B. is convifted before	of	His

*	Majefty’a Juftices of the Peace fer the faid County of

* [fpectfy tn& *be Offence, and time and Place when and where the

1 fame

A.D. 1818.	58* GEO- Iir.	C.	72.

* fame was committed, as the cafeJball At.] Given under our Hand 4 and Seals, the Day and Year aforefaid.’

XXXVII.	And- be it further enafted, That if any A6tion or Suit (hall be commenced againfl any Pcrfon or Perfons for a*y thing done in purfuance of this A6t> the fame (hall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fa6t committed, and not afterwards, and (ball be laid and brought in the County where the Caufe of A&ion (hall have arifen, and not elfewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch A&ion or Suit (hall and may plead the General I(Tue, and give this A61 and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the Authority of this A61; and if it (hall appear (o to have been done, or that fuch A61ion or Suit (hall be commenced after the time before limited for bringing the fame, or (hall be brought in any other County than as aforefaid, that then the Jury (hall find for the Defendant or Defendants ; and upon a Verdi6t for the Defendant, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited, or difcontinuc his, her or their A61ion or Suit, after the Defendant, or Defendants (hall have appeared ; or if upon Demurrer Judgment (hall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants (hall and may recover Double Coffs, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other cafes by Law.

XXXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That all Cods, Charges

and Expenccs incident to or attending the obtaining and patting of this A6t, (hall be reimburfed and paid out of the fird Rates and Duties to be raifed by virtue of this A6t.	*

XXXIX.	And be it further ena6ted, That this A& (hall be deemed and taken to be a Public A&, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Judices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

SCHEDULES to which the foregoing A St refers. SCHEDULE (A.)

Particulars of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which may be purchafed under this A6t.

Lands to be purchafed under this A£i from the Marquis of Water-

ford.

The Timber Yard Point, containing One Acre, One Rood* Eleven Perches 5 Little Ittand, containing Twenty Perches; from •Timber Yard to the Railway, below the Middle of Road, containing Two Roods and Thirty four Perches ; and the Rocky Hill, between the Railway and the Sea, containing Four Acres, Three Roods, Twenty five Perches 5 making in the whole Seven Acres and Ten Perches, all in the Townland of Dunmore, in the Pari(h of Killea, Barony of Gualtiere, and County of Waterford;

From Earl Fortefcue.

The Free Stone Quarry, containing One Acre, in the Townland of Coxtown, in faid rarifli, Barony and County.

X 3	*	SCHE*

3 69

Limitation Alt ion

General I flue.

Double Cofli.

Ex pence* of A a.

Public Alt.

310	C.7*,	73.	58°	GEO.	Ilf.	.A.D.1818.

SCHEDULE (B.)	PwTo(,

£* i« d*

For every Veffel anchoring between Black Nob and Ardnamult Point* if Bntifh built -	-	o o oj

Every Britifh Veffel whiah (hall make faff	to	the

Moorings in the Road -	-	-	o o i

Every Veffel mooring within the Piers -	-	002

For every Ton of Coals* Lime or Stone landed or

(hipped at the Quays •	-	•	-003

For every Ton of other Goods landed or (hipped -	010

For all Foreign Ships, double the above Dues.

Per Head.

For all Horfes, Oxen, Cows and other Cattle, commonly called Black Cattle, landed, (hipped or exported from faid Harbour	-	-010

Per Score.

For all Calves, Sheep and Pigs landed, (hipped or exported from faid Harbour	-	-	o	o	10

CAP. LXXIII.

Aft A€t for regulating the Payment of Regimental Debts, and the Diftribution of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers dying in Service, and the Receipt of Sums due to Soldiers.

[5th June 1818.]

« IT T HE REAS it is expedient that better Pro vi (ion (hould be € W made for the Payment of Regimental Debts and the * Diftribution of the Effe&s of deceafed Officers and SoldiersBe it therefore ena&ed by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by Sums dm for the Authority of the fame, That all Sums of Money due in refpeft Military Cloth- of any Military Clothing, Appointments and Equipments, or in darned R° *i-	of any Quarters, or of any Mefs or Regimental Accounts,

nemal Debt*,	Sums of Money due to any Agent or Paymafter or Quarter-

and payable out mafter, or any other Officer upon any fuch Account, or on account of any Arrears	of	any Advances made for any fuch Purpofe, (hall be deemed and

of Pay, Sec.	taken	to be Regimental Debts, and (hall be paid out of any

Arrears of Pay, or out of the Effe&s or the Proceeds of the Effe&s, or oat of any Prixe . or Bounty Money of any Officer or Soldier dying while in the Service, in fuch Proportion or Priority as (hall be •ordered by the Secretary at War for the time being in that behalf, and in preference to any other Debts, Claims or Demands whatsoever Ho«r Queftjon 'Upon the Eftate and Effe&s of fuch Officer or Soldier; and if any whether Claim Doubt (hall arife at to whether any Claim or Demand made in is a Regimental relation to any Officer or Soldier is a Regimental Debt or not, fuch to be de- Queftion (hall be decided by the Order or Certificate of the Secre-cMed*	tary at War for the time being made in that behalf; and all fuch

Payments (hall be good and valid in Law; and every Perfon who (hall make any fuch Payment out of any fuch Arrears of Pay, Effe&s or Proceeds as aforefaid/ under the Provifioos of this Ad, or in purfutnee of any fuch Order or Certificate of the Secretary it War, or into wqofe Hands any fuch Money (hall come, (hall be

and

A. D. 1818,

58Q GEO. III.

C.73.

311

and are hereby indemnified for and in refpeft of fuch Payments and all other Ads, matters and things done in purfuance of the Provifions of this Aft, or of the Order or Certificate of the Secretary at War, in relation to the Distribution of fuch Arrears, Effefts or Proceeds, in relation to the fatisfying any fuch Regimental Debts as aforefaid ; any thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament or Law or Laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

II.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Surplus paid by

Secretary at War for the time being to caufe all Surplus which may Secretary at remain after fatisfying fuch Regimental Debts as aforefaid, to be w*r tfj p*l(^n paid to the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto.	entitled.

III.	And be it further enafted. That all fuch Regimental Debts Regimental

(hall and may be paid without any Probate of any Will being Debts to be paid obtained, or any Letters of Adminiftration, or any Confirmation of	Probate

Teftament, or Letters Teftamentary or Dative, being taken out by Su^us onl any Perfon ; and the Surplus only of fuch Arrears of Pay, and deemed frrfonal Proceeds of any fuch Effefts, (hall be deemed the Perfonal Eft ate of Eftate; and if the Deceafed for the Payment of any Duty in refpeft of any Pro- not above aol. bate, or of any Letters of Adminiitration, or Confirmation of insybejwd Teftament, or Letters Teftamentary or Dative, or for the Purpofe wut "ro aU • of Diftribution as Perfonal Eftate j and it (hall be lawful for the

Secretary at War for the time being to order and direft the Payment or Diftribution of any fuch Surplus in any cafe in which the fame (hall not exceed Twenty Pounds, without any Probate or Letters of Adminiftration, or Confirmation of Teftament, or Letters Teftamentary or Dative, or Payment of any Duty of Stamps, or upon Legacies or otherwife; and it (hall alfo be lawful for tlie How and to Paymafter General of His Majefty’s Land Forces for the time being whom the fame to iffue any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds which may be due 10 be P*4, to any Officer deceafed, or to tne Widow or Relative of any Officer decealed, or to the Reprcfentative or Reprefentatives of any fuch Officer, Widow or Relative, in like manner without any Probate or Letters of Adminiftration, or Confirmation of Teftament, or Letters Teftamentary or Dative, or Payment of any Duty of Stamps, or upon Legacies or otherwife; the fame to be paid to the Perfon who (hall be notified by the Secretary at War to the Paymafter General as being entitled thereto ; and all fuch Payments refpeft-ively (hall be as valid and effeftual to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame had been made by or to any Executor or Adminiftrator, or under the Authority of any Probate or Letters of Adminiftra-tion, or Confirmation of Teftament, or Letters Teftamentary or Dative ; any thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament or Law or Laws to the contrary notwithftanding,

* IV. And Whereas Frauds are frequently praftifed upon Non 4 Commiffioncd Officers and Soldiers, or their Reprefentatives, by 4 Perfons of bad Charaftcr who offer to aft as Agents, and are 4 authorized by fuch Non Commiffioned Officers and Soldiers, or 4 their Reprefentatives, to receive any Pay or Arrears of Pay, or *' Proceeds of any Effefts of deceafed Non Commiffioned Officers 4 and Soldiers to which they may be entitledBe it therefore etiafted, That no Perfon, not being an Agent of fome Regiment, Agents for Re-Battalion or Corps of His Majefty’s Army, or of the Militia, (hall	only to

receive for any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, or for any	for

Reprcfentative or Reprefentatives of any Non Commiffioned Officer Nun Commif-

X 4?	or	fioned Officers

and Soldiers.

C. 73.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Shares of Non Commiffioned Officers, &c. to be paid only to thetnfelves, or their Executor, fcc.

Falfrly petfonat-ing others, or ading as Agents, not being authorised, See. MlTdenaeanor.

Creditor taking out Admmiftra. two, to be paid only the Sum due to him on Oath.

Ixttd Lieutenant may caufe all A£b necef-Ury for execut-

or Soldier, any Pay or Arrears of Pay, or any Effefts, ot Proceeds of any Effects, of any deceafed Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier dying while in His Majefty’s Service, unlefs fuch Perfoo (hall be entiued to receive fuch Pay or Effefts or Proceeds, or anj Part thereof, as a Devifee or next of Kin, or Executor or Adnu-niftrator of fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier.

V. And be it further enafted, That from and after the Twenty fourth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, it (hall not be lawful for any Agent or Agents appointed for the Diftribution of Army Prize or Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowances of Money in the Nature thereof, or for the Treafurers of Cbel/ea Hofpital, to pay the Share of any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier to any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever other than the Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier entitled to the fame, or to the next of Kin or Executor or Adminiftrator of fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, or to the Agent of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of His Majefty’s Army or Militia, duly authorized by the Party entitled thereto to receive the fame.

VI.	And be it further enabled. That every Perfon who (hall falfely reprefent himfelf or herfelf to be, or who (hall perfonate, a Parent, Child, Brother, Sifter or other Relative of any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, for the Purpofe of obtaining or receiving, or endeavouring to obtain or receive any Pay or Arrears of Pay, or any Effefts, or Proceeds of any Effefts, or any Prize or Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowance of Money of any deceafed Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier ; and every Perfon, not being an Agent authorized to receive any fuch Money, or been fed as aforefaid* who (hall for Gain, Hire, Pay, Commiffion or Reward, aft as an Agent for any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, or for any Repre-Tentative or Reprefentatives of any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, relative to the applying for or receiving any fuch Pay or Arrears of Pay, Effefts or Proceeds of Effefte, Prize or Bounty Money, or other Grant or Allowance, or who (hall direftly or is-direftly, by himfelf or herfelf, or any other Perfon for his or her Ufe, take, accept or receive any Gam, Hire, Pay, Commiffion or Reward, for any matter or thing done in relation to applying for or receiving any fuch Money or Effefts for or for the Ufe of any fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, or for any Reprefentative or Reprefentatives of any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, (haU be deemed guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and be liable to be puniflied accordingly.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall not be lawful for the Agent appointed for the Diftribution of Army Prize or Bounty Money, Grants or other Allowances of Money in the Nature thereof) or for the Treafurer of Cbtlfea Hofpital, to pay to any Creditor taking out Letters of Adminiftration to a deceafed Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, out of the Share of fuch deceafed Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, any further or mater Sum than (hall appear, by Affidavit to be made by the Perron taking out Letters of Adminiftration, to be due to him at the time of taking out fuch Letters of Adminiftration.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by any Order or Orders under his or their Hand

or

A.D.1818.

58® GEO. HI,

313

C. 74,7*1

or Hands, or under the Hand of his or their Chief Secretary, or of the Under Secretary for the Military Department in the Chief Secretary's Office in Dublin, to do ana perform all and any and every Ads, matters and things whatfoever, requifite for the carrying this Ad into Execution in Ireland; and all Ads fo done in Ireland (hall be good, valid and effedual to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Ad for the further Regulation of Payments of PenGons to Soldiers upon the Eftablifhments of Chelfea and Kilmainbam.

[5th June 1818.3

*	YT7HEREAS it is expedient that fuch Out Penfioners upoq 4 W the Chelfea Eftablifhment as receive their PenGons in Ireland| 4 (hould receive the fame Amount in Irtjh Money as is received by

*	the Penfioners of Kilmainbam Hofpital in Ireland of the like Clafs

*	or Rate, clear of the Dedudion of One Shilling in the Pound to

*	which fuch Chelfea PenGons are at prefent liable, under the Pro-4 vifions of an Ad paGcd in the Twenty eighth Year of His late 4 Majefty King George the Second, intituled An AS for the Relief 4 of the Out Penjionert of the Royal Hofpital at Chelfea; and that fuch 4 Penfioners of Kilmainbam Hofpital as receive their PenGons in Great 4 Britain, (hould receive the fame Amount of Engltfb Money, after 4 deduding the One Shilling in the Pound deduded from Chelfea 4 PenGons as aforefaid, as is received by the Out PenGoners upon the

*	Chelfea Eftablifhment in Great Britain of the like Clafs or Rate:' Be it therefore enaded by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That no fuch Dedudion of One Shilling in the Pound as aforefaid (hall be made*from the PenGons upon the Chelfea Eftablifhment paid in Ireland to PenGoners upon the Chelfea Eftablifhment, during fuch time as fuch Out PenGoners fhatl receive their PenGons in Ireland, but the full Amount in Irijh Currency, according to the Clafs or Rate of each Penfion, fhall be; paid to fuch Penfioners refpedively; any thing in the faid recited Ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enaded, That fuch Dedudion as aforefaid of One Shilling in the Pound fhall be made from all PenGons paid in Enflijh Money to the Penfioners oF Kilmainbam Hofpital receiving their PenGons in Great Britain, during fuch time as fuch PenGoners (hall continue to receive their PenGons in Great Britain.

III.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for the Commiffioners of Chelfea and Kilmainbam Hofpitals refpedively, and they are hereby refpedively empowered and required, from and after the palling of this Ad, and from time to time thereafter as Occafion may require, to make fuch Orders, Rules and Regulations as may appear to them refpedively to be neceflary for the making fuch Payments and Dedudions refpedively to fuch Out Penfioners upon their refpedive Eftablifhments, and for the enabling the Penfioners upon the Eftablifhment of Chelfea to receive their PenGons in Ireland irt Irifh Currency, according to their refpedive Rates of Allowance, without Dedudions as aforefaid, and tne Penfioners of Kilmainbam

Hofpital

ing this Ad to be done in Irej land.

a8 G. a. c. i*

No Dedudion of it. in the Pound from Penfions on Chelfea Eftablifhment paid in Ireland.

Such Deduction from Penfioners of KUmainham paid in C. B.

Commiffioners of Chelfea aod Kilmainbam Hofpitals empowered to make Regulations for Payment of Penfions.

38° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

€.74, 7b.

Hofpiul to receive their Feniions in Bnglj/b Money in Great Britain with fuch Dedu&ions as aforefaid^ according to their refpe&ive Rates of Allowance, and for the carrying into Execution the Provifions of this A A in relation to fuch Payments and Dedu&ions as aforefaid; any thing in any A& or A&s of Parliament, or Rules or Regulations heretofore made, to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. LXXV.

An AGt for the more effe&ual Prevention of Offences conceded with the unlawful Deftru&ion and Sale of Game.

[5th June 1818.

4 TT7HEREAS the felling, expofing or offering to Sale, any * W Hare, Pheafant, Partridge, Moor Heath Game or Groufe,

4 is by Law prohibited : And Whereas it is expedient, for the more 4 effe&ual Prevention of Offences conne&ed with the unlawful De-4 ftru&ion and Sale of Game, to provide by Law as hereinafter i&

4 ena&ed Be it therefore ena&ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Con font of Use Lords Spiritual ana Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, Buyiax	and by the Authority of the fame, That if any Perfon or Perfons

whatfoever, whether mialified or not qualified to kill Game, (hall buy any Hare, Pheafant, Partridge, Moor Heath Game or Groufe, every fuch Perfon or Perfons who (lull fo offend, and thereof fhall be convi&ed before any One or more Juffice or Juffices of the Peace, Magiftrateor Magiftrates, a&ing for the County, Riding, City, Town, Borough, Divifion, or Place where fuch Offence (hall be committed, by the Oath of one or more credible Witnefs or Witnefles, (hall, for every Hare, Pheafant^ Partridge, Moor Heath Game or Groufe, fo bought as afore-Penalty.	faid, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds; One half to be paid

to the Informer, and the other to the Poor of the Parifli where Inch Offence (hall be committed ; the fame to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Juffice or Juffices, Magiftrate or Magiffrates, before whom ,	the Offender (hall he convi&ed, rendering the Overplus of fuch Dif-

trefc and Sale {if any) to the Party or Parties, after dedu&ingthe Charges of making the lame; provided that fuch Convi&ion be made within Six Calendar Months after fuch Offence committed.

.	IL And for the better Difcovery of fuch Perfon or Perfons as

lhall buy or fell any Hare, Pheafant, Partridge, Moor Heath Game Perfons buying or Groufe, be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That or feUmg,or un- from and after the time of the palling of this A&, any Perfon that lawfully having /ball buy, fell, Qr offer to fell, or have unlawfully in his Poffeffion, any ing” Mcha^ed"	Hare, Pheafant, Partridge, Moor Heath Game or Groufe, and (hall

frpm Penalties* make Difcovery of any Perfon that hath within Six Calendar Months bought or fola any fuch Game as aforefaid, fp as any one lhall be convi&ed of any fuch Offence by virtue of this or any other Statute ‘	now in force, luck Difcoverer (hall be difeharged of and from all

. *	Pains, Forfeitures and Penalties to which he may be and (hill have

become liable, before and at the time of the making fuch Difcovery, by reafon of the buying or felling, or offering to fell, or having unlawfully in his Poffeffion, any fuch Game as aforefaid, any thing in any former Statute contained to the contrary notwithftanding; and lhall jrepeive the fame Benefit a#d Advantage as any other Informer

lhall

A.D. 1818.

£8° GEO. III.

C. 75, 76*

815

fliall be entitled to, by virtue of this Ad, for fdeh Difeovery tod Information s Provided always, that not lung in tbit Aft contained £ro!'fo *•to :	(hall be held or conftrued to difcbarge foch Difcoverer of or from "^^tlon

1	any Pains, Forfeitures or Penalties, in refpeft whereof a Profecution P s>

' (hall be aftually pending, or a Conviftion or Judgment (hall have been had againft him, at the time of the making fuch Difcovery as aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enafted, That wherefoever any Perfon (hall, Pemliie$ under » for any Offence to be committed againft the ProvHiotis of this Aft,

be liable or fubjeft to any Forfeiture or Penalty upon Conviftion be- ^ pro-fore any Juftice or Judices, Magiftrate or Magiftrates as aforefaid, fecutor* it (hall and may be lawful for any other Perfon whatsoever, either to proceed to recover the faid Forfeiture or Penalty by Information and Conviftion as aforefaid, or to fue for and recover the Whole of fuch Penalty for his own Ufe by Aftion of Debt or on the Cafe, Bill,

Plaint or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record, wherein no Effoign, Wager of Law or more than one Imparlance (hall be allowed, and wherein the Plaintiff, if he recovers, (hall have r his Double Cofts; and that no Part of the faid Penalty recovered in any fuch Suit or Aftion (hall be paid or applied to or for the Ufe of the Poor of the Pari(h wherein fuch Offence (hall be committed:

Provided always, that no fuch Aftion, Suit, Bill, Plaint or Inform- Limitation of ation-fhall be brought or exhibited, but within the Space of Six PrefccuUou. Calendar Months next after the Offence committed; and that in cafe * No'double of any Second Profecution for One Offence, the Perfon doubly 1>rof*culion* profecuted may plead in his Defence the former Profecution pending, or the Conviftion or Judgment thereupon had.

An Aft to fubjeft Foreigners to Arreft and Detention for Smuggling within certain Diftaaces of any of the Dominions of His Majefty j for regulating Rewards ,to the Seizing Officers, according to the Tonnage of Vcflels or Boats feized and condemned ; and for the further Prevention of the Importation of Tea without making due Entry thereof with the Officers of Cuftoms and Excife.	[5th	June 1818.]

*	\\THEREAS by an Aft paffed in the Forty fifth Year of His 45 g. 3. c. nr. 4 W prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A8 for the more </“- § 7.

*	fcBual Prevention of Smuggling, it is enafted, that every Perfon

*	being a Subjeft of His Majefty, who fhall be found or taken on f board ortdifcovered to have been on board any Ship, VeiTel or Boat 4 liable to Forfeiture under any of the Proviftons of that Aft, or liable 4 to Forfeiture under the Provifions of any other Aft or Afts, for 4 being found or having been at Anchor or hovering within any fuch 4 Diftances of any of the Dominions of His Majefty, with fuch Goods 4 on board as fubjeft fuch Ship, Veffel or Boat, or Goods, to For-4 feiture, and who (hall not prove that he was only a Paffenger on

r 4 board fuch Ship, Veffel or Boat, and every Perfon found aiffing or 4 affifting in unfhipping to be laid on Land, or found carrying, con-4 veying, concealing or affifting in the carrying away, conveying or 4 concealing, any Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva or Spirits fubjeft 4 to Forfeiture under that Aft* or any Law or Aft rela * to the

CAP. LXXVI

.evenue

S16

C. 76*

58° GEO. 1IL

A.D. 1818.

5;G.3.c.8;.

15-*

Foreigners found or who have been on board Veflel* liable to Forfeiture af lifting in conveying or

Spirits.

Penalty.

Hour to be recovered and

applied.

•	Revenue of Cuftoms or Excife in tlie United Kingdom, are liable

•	to certain Penalties; and it is thereby made lawful for any Officer

•	or Officers of the Army, Navy, Marines, Cuftoms or Excife, and 4 he and they is and are thereby authorized, empowered and re-4 quired to ftop, arreft and detain every fuch Perfon, being a Subjeft 4 of His Majefty, and to convey the laid Perfon before One or more 4 of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace redding near to the Port 4 or Place into which fuch Ship, Vcffel or Boat (hall be taken or 4 carried, or near to the Place where any fuch Perfon (hall be io 4 taken or arretted, to be dealt with, proceeded againft or profecuted 4 in the manner therein direfted ; and by another Aft pafled in the 4 Fifty feventh Year of His faid Majefty5s Reign, intituled An Ad 4 to amend Two A8s, faffed in the Forty fifth Year of His prefeat 4 Majefiy, and in the lafi Sejfion of Parliament, for the making more 4 effeBual Provifion for the Prevention of SmuggRng, further Pro-4 vifions are made for proceeding againft fuch Perfons before. Juftices 4 of the Peace: And Whereas it is expedient to extend the Provifioos 4 of the faid recited Afts to all Perfons who are not Subjefts of His 4 Majefty found within a certain Diftance of any of the Dominious 4 of His Majefty j* Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That every Perfon not

' being a Subjeft of His Majefty, who (hall be found or taken oo board, or dilcovered to have been on board any Ship, Veflel or Boat, within One League of any of the Dominions of His Majefty, fuch Ship, Veflel or Boat being liable to Forfeiture under any of the Proviflons of the faid recited Aft pafled in the Forty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, or liable to Forfeiture under the Pro-vifions of any other Aft or Afts, for being found or having been at Anchor or hovering within any fuch Diftances of any of tne Dominions of His Majefty, with fuch Goods on board as fubjeft fuch Ship, Veflel or Boat, or Goods, to Forfeiture, and who (hall not prove that he was only a Paflenger on board fuch Ship, Veflel or Boat; and every Perfon not being a Subjeft of His Majefty, found within One League of any of the Dominions of His Majefty aiding or aflifting in unlnipping to be laid on Land, or found carrying or conveying, concealing or aflifting in carrying away, conveying or concealing, any Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva or Spirits fubjeft to Forfeiture under the laid recited Aft, or any Law> or Aft relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms or Excife in the United Kingdom, (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence either Treble the Value of the Goods that (hall be found or taken from fuch Perfon or Perfons, or the Sum of One hundred Pounds, at the Option and fubjeft to the Eleftion and Difcretion of the Commiffioners Of Cuftoms or Excife refpeftively who (hall direft any Profecution or Suit to be commenced againft any fuch Perfon ; fuch Penalty of Treble the Value or of One hundred Pounds, as the cafe may be, to be recovered as any like Penalty may be recovered under any Aft or Afts relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms or Excife in the United Kingdom; and One half of every fuch Penalty of Treble the Value or of One hundred Pounds, (hall go and be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons finding and taking and detaining fuch Perfon not being a Subjeft of His Majefty, or informing for the fame; and fuch Perfon (hall alfo be liable to fuch

other

PuniftiDMQt.

A.D.18IS,

58® GEO. Ill,

317

C. 10.

Such Perfont may be arrefted tod taken before a J office, who

Other Puniftiment at may by any Law or Ad of Parliament be inflicted on any fuch Offender ; and it (hall be lawful for any Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy, Marines, Cuftoms, Excife or Smuggling Preventive Boat Service, and he and they it and are hereby authorized, empowered and required to (top, arreft and detain every fueh Perfon, ^y commit' not being a Subject of Hit Majefty, and to convey the faid Perfon on Con via ion if before One or more of Hit Majefty*# Juft ices of tne Peace redding Penalty be not near to the Port or Place Into which fuch Ship, Veffel or Boat (haU be taken or carried, or near to the Place where any fuch Perfon (hall be fo taken or anrefted; and it (hall be lawful for fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace before whom any fuch Perfon fo aireffed as aforefaid (hall be carried, on the Conteffion of any fuch Perfon of any fuch Offence aa aforefaid with which he may be charged in any Information or Complaint to be then and there laid or exhibited by any Officer of the Cuftoms or Excife againft him, or on Proof thereof on the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, to convid fuch Perfon in fuch Penalty refpedively as aforefaid; and every fuch Perfon fo convided at aforefaid, (hall immediately on fuch Convidion pay down into the Hands of fuch Officer the faid Penalty in which he or (he (hall be fo convided; and if any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo convifled (hall not forthwith pay down the faid Penalty, the faid Juftice or Juftices (hall, and he and they is and are hereby refpedively authorized and required, by Warrant under bis or their Hand and Seal, to commit the Perfon fo. convided as aforefaid to any Gaol or Prifon or Houfe of Corredion until fuch Penalty (hall be paid ; and it (hall be lawful for the Commiffioners of the Cuftoms or CommHfioners Excife in England, Scotland or Ireland refpedively, and they are may reward Per-hereby required, in cafes where any fuch Perfon has been fo convided fens detaining and committed to Prifon as aforefaid, to award to the Perfon fo de- Offenders, taining any fuch Man or Men any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds for each Man fo convided and committed to Prifon.

4 II. And Whereas by an Ad made in the Fifty fixth Year of the 56 G.3. c. 104. * Reign of His prefent Majeftv, for, amongft other things, making 4 more effedual Provifion for tne Prevention of Smuggling, and rewarding Officers and Perfons making Seizures and capturing Smug-

4 gling Veffels, certain Rewards were allowed and made payable on 4 the Value at which the Goods, Wares or Merchandize therein men-4 tioned, feized by any Officer or Officers, (hould be refpedively 4 eftlmated or fixed by the Commiffioners of Cuftoms or Excife re-4 fpedively ordering and dirediner the Profecution; And Whereas 4 Doubts have arifen whether fuch Rewards allowed and made pay-4 able by the laid laft recited Ad as aforefaid, repealed or took away 4 the Rewards refpedively granted and made payable by a certain 4 Ad made in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent 4 Majefty, for, amongft otner things, amending feveral Laws relating 4 to the Revenue of Cuftoms; and by a certain other Ad made in 4 the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for 4 repealing tne Duties 00 Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new 4 Duties in lieu thereof; and of another Ad made in tne Forty fe-1 venth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for making more 4 effedual Provifion for the Prevention of Smuggling, for or in refped 4 of the Seizure of any Veffel or Boat which by Law (hould be liable 4 to be broken up . after Condemnation, and not be ufed in His 4 Majefty’s Service, or fold to be employed or ufed as a Privateer in

* the

§6.

C. 70,

&8° GEO. III.

A. D. 1818.

Rewards granted by 56 0.3. c. 104. do not take away the Tonnage Rewards granted by a8 O. 3. c.34. *9 G. 3. c. 68. 47 G. 3. c.66.

XO G. x. c. xo.

I 47-

Tea unihipped in G. B. with-out due Entry forfeited, and Penalty.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

1 the manner therein mentioned, or which, on account of the Built,

*	Conftrudion, Denomination or Description thereof, fhould be liable

*	to Forfeiture by any J\d or Ada of Parliament to be broken up,

<	and which at the time of the Seizure fhould be found in ballaft or 4 light, fach Rewards being by the (aid Ada refpedively made pay-

<	able at and after certain Kates, according to the Tonnage of the c Veffcl or Boat feized and condemned; and it is expedient to ream

*	fuch Doubts ;* Be it therefore declared and enaded, That the bid Rewards fo granted and made payable by the (aid Ad made in the Fifty fixth Year aforefaid, do not repeal or take away, and (hall 00c be deemed or conftrued to repeal or take away, the faid Tonnage Rewards refpedively granted by the (aid recited Ada of the Twenty eighth. Twenty ninth and Forty Seventh'Years aforefaid; but that toe faid recited Tonnage Rewards refpedively granted and made payable by the faid laft mentioned Ads (hall be allowed, and payable and paid, in all cafes to which the fame refpedively apply, in the fame manner as if the faid recited Ad of the Fifty fixth Year aforefaid, or a certain other Ad made in the Fifty Seventh Year of the Reign of His faid Majefty, for the Amendment thereof, had not been made ; any thing in the fame or any other Ad to the contrary not-Handing.

4 III# And Whereas by an Ad made in the Tenth Year of the 4 Reign of His late Majefty King George the Firft, for, amongft 4 other things, repealing certain Duties therein mentioned, payable

*	upon Tea imported, and for granting certain Inland Duties ia lieu 4 thereof, it was enaded, that it any Perfon or Perfons fhould import

*	or bring any Tea which ought to be fecnred in fuch Warehouse as

*	therein aforefaid into Great Britain, and fhould not make due Entry 4 thereof and bring the fame into fuch Warehoufe, the fame fhould

*	be and was thereby adjudged to be clandeftinely run and unlawfully

<	imported: And Whereas it ia expedient, for the Prevention of the 4 Smuggling of Tea, to impofe further Penalties in that behalf;1 Be it therefore further enaded. That if any Perfon or Perfooi (half import or bring into, or unfttip or land, in Great Britain, or within the Limits of any of the Ports thereof, any Tea which ought by Law to be entered with the proper Officers of Cuftoms and Excife refpedively, and (hall not make due Entries thereof, fo that the Duties of Cuuoms and Excife granted and impofed in refped of Tea may be refpedively Secured and paid for and in refped thereof, all fuchTea fo imported, brought, unfhipped or landed, fhall be deemed and in hereby adjudged to be dandeninely run, and (hall be forfeitedi and (hall and may be Seized by any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife; and the Perfon or Perfons fo offenoing, or aiding or affifting therein, or removing, receiving, harbouring or concealing any run Tea, ftall, for each and every fuch Offence, Severally forfeit and lofe the Stun of Ten Pounds for every Pound Weight thereof, or the Sum of One hundred Pounds, at the Eledion of His Majeifcy’s Attorney General, or the Perfon or Perfons who (hall Sue or profecute for the (ame; and no fuch Penalty (hall be mitigated by any Juftice or Jufticea below One fourth Part thereof; any thing in any other Ad or Aftsto the contrary notwithftanding.

IV. And be it further enaded, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures impofed by this Ad, and alfo by the lad mentioned Aft made in the Fifty Seventh Year aforefaid, (hall be fued for, recovered, levied

or

A.D. 1818.	58° GEO. IlL	C. 76, 77.

or mitigated by fuch Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture mav be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Aftion of Debt. Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at 1VeflminJterf or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland refpeftively; and that, nnlefs where otherwife fpecially direfted, One Moiety of every fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture fhall be to His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflbrs, and the other Moiety to him, her Or them who (Kail dif-cover, inform or fue for the fame.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Aft to repeal the Duty upon Rock Salt delivered for feeding or mixing with the Food of Cattle, and impofing another Duty, and making other Provifions in lieu thereof.

[jth June 1818.]

WHEREAS by an Aft made in the Fifty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for altering and amending * the Laws of Excife with refpeft to Salt and Rock Salt, it was • enafted amongft other things, that for enabling Farmers to try the * Effeft of Salt in feeding Cattle, it (hould and might be lawful for * any Owner or Proprietor of any Rock Salt Pit or Rock Salt Mine • to fell and deliver from his, her or their Pit or Mine, or Warehoufe * or Storehoufe adjoining thereto, fuch coarfe and impure Rock Salt • as (hould be approved of by the proper Officer of Excife appointed * for infpefting the, fame, in Lumps of not lefs Weight than Twenty * Pounds each, to fuch Perfon and Perfons, and in fuch * Quantity 4 and Quantities as (hould and might be granted by the Commiffioners * of Excife, fbr the Purpofe of feeding or mixing with the Food of 4 Sheep and Cattle, upon fuch Perfon or Perfons paying Duty for 4 the fame at and after the Rate of Five Shillings per Bufhel, and fo 4 in proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity, and upon Bond 4 being given to His Majefty by fuch Perfon or Perfons, with fuf-* ficient Sureties to the Satisraftion of the faid Commiffioners, or the * Perfon or Perfons appointed to take fuch Bond, in the Penalty 4 of Double the Amount of the Duty upon Rock Salt delivered for < Home Confumption, that the whole of the Rock Salt fo delivered 4 (hould be ufed, fpent, confumed and employed by him, her or * them, in feeding or mixing with the Food of Sheep or Cattle, and 4 in no other manner, and to and for no other Ufe or Purpofe what-4 foever: Provided, that no further Quantity of Rock Salt (hould be 4 delivered as aforefaid to any Perfon or Perfons for fuch Purpofe as 4 aforefaid, until the Bond and Bonds given by fuch Perfon or Per-* fons on the Delivery of every prior Quantity (hould be fatisfied and 4 difeharged ; and further, that evenr fuch Bond (hould be fatisfied 4 and discharged, on a Certificate figned by the Perfon to whom * fuch Rock Salt (hould have been delivered, and who thereupon 4 (hould have given fuch Bond, his Executors, Admmiftrators or 4 Affigns, and delivered by him, her or them to the Colleftor in 4 whole Collection he, (he or they (hould refide, declaring the whole * of fuch Rock Salt to have been ufed, fpent, employed and con-• fumed in feeding or mixing with the Food of Sheep and Cattle, and * in no other manner and to and for no other Ufe or Purpofe what-4 foever, and fpecifying m what manner and Proportions the fame bad 4 been fo ufed/ what Defcription and Number of Sheep ot Cattle had

4 been

SIS

57 0.3* e.49*

§4*.

*47.

58* GEO. III.

A. D. 1818.

£20

«4&

The (aid Duty and Provifions repealed.

Rock Salt m Lumps not lets than lotb. may be delivered for feeding Cattle, &c. on Approbation of Officer and Payment of a Duty at the Rate of of is. 6d. per Jkifhel.

C. 77t

*	been fed therewith, on what Lands and where fituate, and what Be*

*	nefits appear to have refulted therefrom i Provided always that do

*	fuch Certificate fhould difcharge any fuch Bond, unlefs fuch Col-

*	ledor as aforefaicfr fitould upon Inquiry be fatisfied of the Truth

*	thereof, and of the feveral Matters therein dated, and underwrite

*	the fame upon the fame Certificate; and that if any fuch Certificate

*	as aforefaid fhould not be figned and delivered as aforefaid to fuch

*	Collt&or before the End of One Month after the Expiration of

*	Twelve Months from the Bond being given and Rock Salt delivered

*	as aforefaid, or fhould in any refped be *falfe, or any of the Rock

*	Salt delivered as aforefaid fhould be ufed, fpent, employed or coq.

*	fumed in any other manner, to or for any other Ufe or Porpofe,

*	than feeding or mixing with the Food of Sheep or Cattle, the Pe.

*	nalty of the Bond given on the Delivery of any fuch Rock Salt

*	fhould be forfeited and paid to His faid Majefty ; and further that

*	nothing therein contained fhould extend or be deemed or conftrued

*	to extend to prevent any Perfon or Perfons felling or transferring ‘ any Quantity of the Lumps or Pieces of coarfe and impure Rock

*	Salt which he, fhe or they fhould or might receive for the Purpofc 4 of feeding or mixing with the Food of Sheep or Cattle, under any ‘ fuch Bond as aforelaid, provided the Confent and Approbation of 4 the Commiffioners of Excife to and of fuch Transfer and Delivery 4 fhould be firft had and obtained,'and fuch Bond and Security fhould

*	be firft given by the Perfon or Perfons intending to receive the fame 4 as hereinbefore mentioned, which Bond fhould be taken and accepted

*	by the Colle&or aforefaid in difcharge or part difcharge of the Bond

*	given on the Firft Delivery of fuch Rock Salt from the Mine or Pit, ‘ in the Proportioned according to the Quantity in fuch fubfequeot

*	Bond mentioned, and fhould be difcharged by fuch Certificate ai

*	aforefaid, or the Penalty thereof enforced m like manner as if the fame

*	fhould have been given on the firft Delivery of fuch Rock Salt at 4 aforefaid: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the Duty and 4 Provifion8 hereinbefore recited, and impofe another Duty, and make 4 other Provifions in lieu thereofBe it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from aqd after the palling of this Ad the Duty and Provifions hereinbefore recited fhall be and the fame are hereby repealed, fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears of the faid Duty which may at that time remain unpaid, or to aoy Bond already given as aforefaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, relating to any Rock Salt, which fhall have been delivered under the faid Provifions refpe&ively before the palling of this Ad, to be accounted for as aforefaid.

II* And be it further enaded. That from and after the palling of this Ad it fhall and may be lawful for any Owner or Proprietor of any Rock Salt Pit or Rock Salt Mine to fell and deliver from hit, her or their Rock Salt Pit or Mine, or Warehoufe or Storehoufe adjoining thereto, fuch coarfe and impure Rock Salt as fhall be approved of by the proper Officer of Excife appointed for infpeding the fame, in Lumps of not lefs Weight than Twenty Pounds each to fuch Per* fon and Perfons, and in fuch Quantity and Quantities as fhall and may be gran ted by the Commiffioners of Excife, Tor the Purpofe of feeding or mixing wjth the Food of Sheep and Cattle, or deeping Seed os

pit*

A.D. 1818,

58° GEO. IIL

C*77<

321

preferving Hay, or being employed as Manure for Lands upon fuch rerfon or Perfons paying Duty for the fame at and after the Rate of Two Shillings and Six pence per Bufhe), and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Quantityfuch Rock Salt being accompanied on its Removal from fuch Pit or Mine, or Warehouse or Storehoufe, to the Place or Farm to which the fame is to be fent with a Permit, as required by Law for Duty paid Salt, expreffing the Quantity and Quality thereof, and the Purpofes for whicn the lame is removed and intended.

III.	And be it further enafted, That the Perfon or Perfons to or for whofe Ufe fuch Rock Salt as aforefaid (hall be fold or delivered as aforefaid, (hall upon the Receipt of fuch Rock Salt, or within Two Days afterwards, deliver fuch Permit as aforefaid to the neared Officer of Excife, and (hall be and remain accountable for the whole of fuch Rock Salt being ufed, fpent, confumed and employed by him, her or them in feeding or mixing with the Food of Sheep or Cattle, or deeping Seed or preferving Hay, or as Manure for Land, and in no other Way or manner, and to or for no other Ufe or Purpofe whatfoever: Provided that no further Quantity of Rock Sait (hall be delivered as aforefaid to any Perfon or Perfons who (hall have already received any fuch Rock Salt for any of fuch Purpofes as aforefaid, until fuch Certificate be given by fuch Perfon or Perfons in refpeA of fuch prior Quantity of Rock Salt as hereinafter mentioned.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Perfon and Perfons to whom any fuch Rock Salt (hall be fold or delivered as aforefaid ifhall, before the End of One Month after the Expiration of Twelve Months from the Delivery thereof, give and deliver a Certificate, ligned by fuch Perfon or Perfons, hia, her or their Executors, Ad-miniftrgtors or Afligns, or Steward to the Colle&or of Excife in whofe Colle&ion he, (he or they (hall refide, declaring that the whole of fuch Rock Salt has been ufed, fpent, employed and confumed in feeding or mixing with the Food ot Sheep and Cattle, or in fteep-ing Seed, or in preferving Hay, or as Manure for Land, or deli-

* vered over as hereafter mentioned, and in no other Way or manner, and to or for no other Ufe or Purpofe whatfoever, and (pecifying in what manner and Proportions the fame has been fo ufed, what Defcription or Number of Sheep and Cattle has been fed therewith, in what Way the fame has been ufed as Manure, on what Lands, where fituated, and what Benefits appear to have refulted therefrom ; and that if fuch Certificate as aforelaid (hall not be figned and delivered within fuch time as aforefaid, or (hall in any refoeA be falfe, or if any of the Rock Salt fo delivered as aforefaid (hall be ufed, fpent, employed or confumed in any other Way or manner, or to or for any other Ufe or Purpofe than as aforefaid, the Perfon or Perfons fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of Forty Shillings per Bufhel of fuch Rock Salt fo delivered as aforefaid, or One hundred Pounds, at the Eleftion of His Ma-jefty’s Attorney General, or the Perfon or Perfons who (hall fue of profecute for the fame; and that no fuch Penalty (hall be mitigated by any Juftice or Juftices below One Fourth Part thereof, any thing in any other A& or AAs to the contrary notwithftanding: Provided always, that it (hall and may be lawful to or for any Perfon or Perfons to whom or for whofe Ufe any fuch Rock Salt (hall be 59Gso.HI.	•	Y	.	fold

To be removed

by Permit.

Permit to be delivered to neareft Officer of Excite.

No further Qusntity of Salt fhall be delivered till Certificate be given.

Such Certificate to be delivered to Colle&or within One Month after Expiration of i a Months from Delivery of Rock Salt, declaring that the Salt has been confhmed in feeding Cattle^ &c.

Penalty.

Mitigation of Penalty.

Rock Salt may be removed to another Farm on Permit.

322

58° GEO. Ill

A.D. 1818.

C.77.

Puty how to be levied uul applied.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

AGt nay be altered, &c. this Seffion.

fold or delivered as aforefaid, to apply to the neareft Excife Office for, and for fuch Officer with the Approbation of the Commiffionere of Excife to grant fuch Permit or Permits as aforefaid for the further Removal of any Part of fuch Rock Salt to any other Farm or Land in the Poffeffion of the fame, or any other Perfon, for fuch Purpofes only as aforefaid ; and that thereupon the Perfon or Perfons to whom fucn Rock Salt (hall be removed and delivered, fhall within Two Days after the Receipt of fuch Rock Salt deliver fuch Permit as aforefaid to the neared Officer of Excife, and (hall be accountable and give fuch Certificate as aforefaid within fuch time as aforefaid for the Employment thereof, and be fubjedt to the like Regulations and Penalties as aforefaid in all refpedts as if fuch Rock Salt had been delivered to him, her or them from the Rock Salt Pit or Rock Salt Mine from which the fame was produced, or the Warehoufe or Storehoufe adjoining thereto j and that fuch Delivery over of fuch Rock Salt (hall be lpecified in the Certificate, and taken and accepted by fuch Colledtor as aforefaid in Part Difcharge of the Account of the Perfon to whom fuch Rock Salt had been fird delivered from fuch Mine, Pit, Warehoufe or Storehoufe as aforefaid.

V.	And be it further enadted, That the faid Duty hereby impofed (hall be raifed, levied, colledted, recovered, accounted for, paid and applied in fuch and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general or fpccial Means, Ways or Methods by which the former Duty of Excife hereby repealed was or might be raifed, levied, colledted, recovered, accounted for, paid or applied; and the Perfoni, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities by this Adi refpec-ively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with the faid Duty hereby impofed, (hall be and the fame are hereby made fubjedt and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Reftridtions, Penalties and Forfeitures (except as hereby exprefsly altered) to which fuch Perfons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities were generally or fpecially fubjedt and liable by the AS hereinbefore recited, or by any Adt or Adts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the paffing of this Ad, refpedting the Duties of Excife.

VI.	And be it further enadted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures impofed by this Adt, (hall be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by fuch Ways, Means or Methods (except as hereby altered), as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Adtion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weftminjlcr, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, refpedtively; and that One Moiety of every fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture (hall be to His Majefty, His Heirs and Suc-cedors, and the' other Moiety to him, her or them who (hall dif-cover, inform or fue for the fame.

VII.	And be it further enadted, That this Adt or any of the Provifions thereof may be altered, varied or repealed by any Adi to be made in this Seffion of Parliament.

CAP.

A.D. 1 BIB.

58* GEO. III.

C. 78.

323

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Aft: to make further Provifion for the better fecuring the Colle&ion of the Duties on Malt, and to amend the Laws relating to Brewers in Ireland.	[5 th June 1818.]

• TT J HERE AS it is expedient to provide for the better fecuring 9 W the Collection of the Duties on Malt, and to amend the 4 Laws relating to Brewers in IrelandBe it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame.

That from and after the Commencement of this Aft, fo much of 0.3,0.57-an Aft made in the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty’s §5.

Reign, intituled An AS for improving the Quality of Beer in Ireland by further preventing the Ufe of unmalted Com, or of any deleterious or unvrbolefome Ingredients therein ; and for the better fecuring the ColleSion of the Malt Duties in Ireland ; as prohibits the Removal or Conveyance of any Malt into the Mill, Brewery or Mafh Kieve of any Brewer or other Perfon therein mentioned, without Permit, or as relates to any fucli Permit, or Requeft Note or Requifition for any fuch Permit as therein mentioned, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed, fave and except fo far as may concern or relate to repealed, the profecuting, firing for, recovering or levying any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture which mall or may have been or (hall be incurred under the faid Aft before the Commencement of this Aft.

II. And be it further enafted, That from and after the Com- No Malt re-mencement of this Aft no Malt (hall at any time be removed or moved into »ny conveyed into the Mill, Brewery, or Mafh Tun or Kieve of any ®[^7aPer-licenfed Brewer, without a Permit for the fame; and that the Brewer mit< or Perfon applying for fuch Permit (hall, in his, her or their Requeft Requeft Note to Note or Requifition for obtaining the fame, ftate the Day and Hour contain certain of the Day in which fuch Brewer or Perfon intends to begin to ma(h Particular*-or brew the Malt fo to be removed, and the Day and Hour of the Day when the Liquor or Worts will be entirely drained off; and the Officer granting any fuch Permit (hall infert fuch Particulars therein ; and in cafe any Quantity of Malt ground or unground. If Malt found whether m any Procefs of brewing or not, (hall be found in the without fuch Mill, Brewery, Ma(h Tun or Kieve of fuch Brewer, and a Permit for fo removing the fame into fuch Mill, Brewery, Mafh Tun or Cefs of brewing, Kieve, (hall not on Demand of any Officer of Excite be produced, &c. contrary * or Proof made to fuch Officer that fuch Permit had been granted thereto, fcc. for foch Malt, and that fuch Permit was afterwards loft or miflaid; or if any fuch Malt (hall be found in Procefs of brewing or mafhing or wetting before the time fpecified in the Requeft Note or Requi-fition for fuch Permit, or in the Permit which (hall be granted for the Removal of fuch Malt; or if the Liquor or Worts (hall not be entirely drained off at the time for that Purpofe fpecified in fuch Requeft Note or Requifition and Permit then in each and every fuch cafe fuch Brewer (hall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and every Penalty 50!. fuch Permit (hall from time to time be delivered by fuch Brewer,	to	be

or his or her Servant, to the Surveyor or other Officer of Excife in	to

Charge of the Brewery of fuch Brewer within Twelve Hours after cer* the Expiration of the time for which fuch Permit (hall be in force,

Y 2	or

S24

C. 7S.

58« GEO, III.

A.D. 1818.

Penalty aol. Specimen Papers are to be put up by Brewer in proper Places;

Penalty 50I. Before Delivery of Request Note Brewer to enter certain Particulars on Specimen Paper;

Penalty 50I. ir Malt found in Ma(h Tun,&c. exceeding Quantity ex-prefTed in Permit, Excels forfeited, and

Penalty aot. Malt Grains not to be removed out of Math Tun, &c. in any Town till One ‘ Hour, or Two Hours in any other Piece, after lime (perilled as herein mentioned.

or at any time within fuch Twelve Hours, on Demand thereof made by fuch Officer; and if fuch Permit lhall not be delivered to fucb Officer accordingly,, fuch Brewer (hall forfeit for every Negleft the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

III.	And be it further enafted, That Papers called Specimen Papers (hall be provided and furntfhed to every fuel* Brewer by any Officer of Excife in Charge of fucb Brewery from time to time at lhall be requifite, in order that every Officer of Excife may enter thereon his Vifit at fuch Brewery, and tbe Gauges depending os fuch Vifit; and every fuch Brewer who (hall from time to time be furnifhed with any luch Specimen Paper (hall caufe the fame to be fixed on a Board conveniently made for that Purpofe, and to be hung or put up in. fome public and confpicuous Place in the Brew-houle, or that Part of the Brewery wherein the Mafh Tun or Kieve (hall be kept, and (hall preferve and keep the fame fo put up in fuch Place and in fncli manner that any Officer of Excife vttiting fuch Brewery may view fuch Specimen Paper, and make Entries therein 5 and if any fuch Brewer (hall not put up or keep and preferve fuch Specimen Paper in manner herein direfted, unavoidable Accident excepted, Proof whereof (hall lie on the Brewer, every fuch Brewer (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That every Brewer fhall, before the Delivery of any Requeft Note or Requifition for any Permit for the Removal of any fuch Malt as aforefaid, enter or caufe to be entered in Writing in the faid Specimen Paper the Date of fuch Requeft Note or Requifition, and the Number of Barrels of Malt which fuch Brewer intends to mafh or brew, and the Day and Hour of the Day on which fuch Brewer intends to begin to ma(h or brew fuch Malt, and the Day and Hour of the Day when the Liquor or Worts will be entirely off; and if any Brewer (hall not make or caufe to be made fuch Entries, or any and every of them, in the faid Specimen Paper, every fuch Brewer (hall for every fuch Default or Omiffion forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

V.	And he it further enafted, That whenever there (hall he found in any Ma(h Tun or Kieve of any Brewer any Quantity of dry Malt ground or bruifed, which, by the Gauge thereof taken by any Officer of Excife in fuch Ma(h Tun or Kieve, (hall exceed the Quantity expreffed in the Permit which (hall have been granted for tbe Removal of fuch Malt when unground into fuch Ma(h Tun or Kieve, above the Rate or beyond the Proportion of Six Barrels of fuck ground or bruifed Malt for every Five Barrels of fuch unground Malt fo permitted, and fo in proportion for any greater or left Quantity, then and in every fuch cafe all fuch excefs Quantity of ground or bruifed Malt (hall be forfeited, and may he feized by any Officer of Excife, and the Brewer in whofe Mafh Tun or Kieve fuca Excefs (hall be found (hall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VI.	And he it further enafted, That it (hall not be lawful to remove the Grains of any Malt out of the Ma(h Tun or Kieve in toy Brewery fituate in any City or Town until after the Expiration of One. Hour, nor in any Brewery (ituate in any other Place in Ireland until after the Expiration of Two Hours next after the time which (hall he fpecified, purfuant to the Provifions of this Aft, in the Requeft Note or Requifition and Permit for fuch Malt, as the Hour when the Liquor or Worts (hall be entirely drained off, in order that

. A.D.18I8.

58° GEO. III.

C. 78.

vS25

the Officer of Excife may examine and gauge the fame in a drained State in fuch Mafh Tun or Kieve; and all fuch Grams (hall be fuffered during the Space of fuch Hour or Two Hours refpe&ively, or until fuch time within the faid Hour or Two Hours relpe&ively as the fame (hall be examined and gauged, to remain and (hall be kept in fuch Ma(h Tun or Kieve in an undifturbed State; and if the Grains of any Quantity of Malt which (hall have been ma(hed or brewed (hall be removed out of the Mafh Tun or Kieve before the Expiration of fuch One Hour or Two Hours refpe&ively, unlefs the fame (hall be examined and gauged by the Officer, or if any Grains of any Malt, after the fame (haS have been mafhed or brewed, (hall not be kept during the faid Hour or Two Hours refpe&ively in an undifturbed State, as hereinbefore direfted, unlefs the fame (hall be fo examined «and gauged, then and in every fuch cafe every fuch Brewer (hall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That whenever there (hall be >fouud in the Ma(h Tun or Kieve of any Brewer the Grains of any Quantity of Malt after the fame (hall have been maffied or brewed, and the Worts or Liquor drained off, and that the Quantity of fuch Grains (hall, by the Gauge thereof taken by any Officer of Excife in fuch drained State, exceed the Quantity exprefled in the Permit which (hall have been granted for the Removal of fuch Malt into fuch Mafh Tun or Kieve, after making a Deduction in the Proportion of One Barrel for every Twenty five Barrels of the Quantity of unground Malt expreffed in the Permit, then and in every fuch cafe the faid Brewer (hall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the paffing of this A€t it (hall not be lawful for any Officer of Excife to grant any Permit for the Removal of any Malt, unlefs fuch Permit (hall oxprefs the Quantity of Malt as unground, and not in a ground or bruifed State.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Malt ground or bruifed, whether in a dry State or maftiing or mafhed, or if the Grains of any ground Malt after being mafhed (hall be trodden, prefTed or otherwife forced together in the Mafh Tun or Kieve of any Brewer, or if any other Means or Contrivance (hall be ufed fo as to prevent a true and proper Gange being taken thereof, then and in every fuch cafe every fuch Brewer (hall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

X.	And be it further ena&ed. That every Perfon who (hall be licenfed as a Brewer in Ireland at the time of the Commencement of this A€t, (hall and is hereby required, within One Calendar Month next after the Commencement of this A£t, to deliver or caufe to be delivered, at the Excife Office of the Diftrid in which the Brewery of fuch Brewer (hall be fituate, an Account in Writing under his or her Hand, or under the Hand of fome Perfon for whom fuch Brewer (hall be refponfible, fetting forth the true Length, Breadth, Depth and Area of each and every Mafh Tun or Rieve of fuch Brewer, and the Number of Barrels of dry Malt ground which each filch Mafh Tun or Kieve is capable of maftiing or brewing; and in default of delivering fuch Account, or caufing fuch Account to be delivered within the time aforefaid, or if any falfe or untrue Account of any of the Particulars aforefaid (hall be delivered, every fuch Brewer (hall in every fuch cafe forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds;

Y *	and

If removed before time mentioned, to be pre-vioufly examined by Officer;

Penalty iool.

Grains found in Mafh Tun, &c. exceeding Quantity ex-prefTed in Permit, after De-dtillion herein mentioned,

Penalty ad. Permit to tx-prefr Quantity of Malt as an-greurid.

Prefling Malt together, or preventing proper Guage,

Penalty aoL Brewers to deliver at Excife Office an Account of Dimen-flont of Mafh Tuns,&c. Penalty.

326

38° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Before obtaining .Licence, Brewer in making Entry to fet forth Di-menfioni of MaQ>Tuns,&c.

Penalty 50L

49 O.3. c. jy. * i»-

S3 G.g.e. 74. $ xo.

and 54 G. 3. c. 120* § i*

repealed.

C. 78*

and every Math Tun or Kieve of which fuch Account fhnll aot be fo delivered, or of which aoy falfe or untrue Account (hall be delivered, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer of Excife.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That before any Licence (hall be granted to any Brewer at any time after the Commencement of this A61, every fuch Brewer (hall, in the Entry or Regiftry which fuch Brewer is by Law required to make previous to obtaining a Licence, in addition to the Matters by Law direded to be inferted therein, fet forth the true Length, Breadth, Depth and Area of each and every Ma(h Tun or Kieve belonging to fuch Brewer, and the Number of Barrels of dry Malt ground which each fuch Kieve is capable of ma(hing or brewing ; and in default of fetting forth fuch Particulars, or any and every of them in fuch Entry or Regiftry, fuch Licence (hall not be granted to fuch Perfon ; and if any of fuch Particulars (hall be falfely or untruly ftated or fet forth in any fuch Entry or Regiftry, the Brewer by or on whofe behalf the fame (hall have been made mall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every fuch Offence; and every Mafh Kieve, in the Entry or Regiftry whereof any of the Particulars aforefaid (hall be falfely or untruly dated or fet forth, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer of Excife.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That fo much of the faid recited Ad of the Forty ninth Year aforefaid as relates to any Brewer or other Perfon making or profefiing to make Ale, Beer, Porter or Small Beer, having in his or her Brewery, or in any Part of the Premifes conneded therewith, any raw or unmalted Corn ground or bruifed, and alfo fo much of an Ad made in the Fifty third Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to provide for the better ColleBion of the Duty on Malt made in Ireland, as declares it unlawful for any Brewer to have in his or her Brewery, or in any Part of the Premifes conne&ed therewith, any raw or unmalted Corn or Grain ground or bruifed, mixed or unmixed with any malted Corn or Grain ; and alfo fo much of an Ad made in the Fifty fourth Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to amend fevtral Ads relating to the Revenues, matters and things under the ManageuusU 0/ the Commiffioners of Cujloms and Port Duties% and of the Commif-f oners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, as declares it uolawnil for any Brewer to have in his or her Brewery, or any Part of the Premifes conneded with his or her Brewery, any raw or unmalted Kiln dried Barley or Bere, mixed or unmixed with any other Corn or Grain malted or unmalted; and alfo fo much of the faid fevtral Ads or any of them as impofes any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture touching any of the Matters aforefaid, or as relates to the annulling of any Licence to any Brewer or other Perfon aforefaid, (hall horn and after the Commencement of this Ad ceafe and determine, and (hall be, and the fame is and are hereby repealed, fave and except fo far as may concern the profecuting, fuing for, levying or colie&iag any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture which (hall or may be incurred under the faid Ads or any of them on or before the Commencement of this Ad; all which Suits, Matters and other Proceedings (hall and may be proceeded in and had to all Intents and Purpofes as if the faid hereinbefore recited Provifions had not been repealed in manner afore-laid.

XIII. And

AfT>. 1818.	58° GEO. III.	C. 78.	327

XIII.	And for the better preventing the Ufe of raw or unmalte^ Raw or unmak-Corn by Brewers in Irelani9 be it further ena&ed, That it (hail not ed Com or

be lawful for any Brewer to have in his or her Brewery, or in any Grain, to Part of the Premifes connected with fuch Brewery, any raw or JjjPjm unmalted Corn or Grain whatfoever, either whole or unground or fe”^e^c#°toi ground or bruifed; and that all raw or unmalted Coni or Grain, getlier with whether whole or unground or ground or bruifed, which (hall be Package, found in fuch Brewery or Premites, and all malted Corn or Grain, Horfci,&c. whether whole or unground or ground or bruifed, with which fuch raw unmalted Corn or Grain may have been mixed, (hall be forfeited* and may be Seized by any Officer of Excife, together with all Sacks*

Veffela or Packages in which fuch raw or unmalted Corn or Grain (hall or may be contained, or in which fuch raw or unmalted Corn or Grain, and the malted Corn or Grain with which fuch raw or unmalted Corn or Grain may or (hall have been mixed, (hall or may be contained; and all Hordes or other Beads of Burthen, Carts,

X)rays and other Carriages, which (hall be found conveying, drawing, bearing or carrying any fuch Corn or Grain refpedively, fhalj be forfeited, and may be Seized by any Officer or Officers of Excide; and every fuch Brewer (hall for the Firft Offence forfeit the Sum of Full Offence Two hundred Pounds, and for the Second and every fubfequent 100I. iubfequcnt Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.	Offence jool.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That fo much of the faid recited 49 G.3. c.37. A& of the Forty ninth Year of His prefect Majefty’s Reign as §13* prohibits any Brewer or other Perfon in Ireland from uling any

Sugar Water, Didillers* Spent Wa(h, Sugar, Molaffes, Vitriol,

Quaffia, Coculus Indicus, Grains of Paradife, Guinea Pepper, Opium or any Ingredient whatsoever which (hall poffefs any deleterious or unwholefome Quality, in the making or brewing any Beer, Porter,

Ale or Small Beer; and alfo as impofes any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture touching or concerning any of the Matters aforefaid; aud alfo fo much of the (aid Ad as provides that nothing therein contained (hall be conftrued to prevent any Porter Brewer from ufing any Article known by the Name of Colouring, made or prepared from burnt Sugar only, and reduced to a bitter Liquid by the Infufion of Water; and alfo fo much of the faid Alt as impofes any Penalty or Forfeiture on any Brewer uling in the brewing of any Beer, Porter, Ale or Small Beer, any Extrad from Sugar not of the aforefaid Description, or any Colouring poffcffing any deleterious or unwholefome Quality, (hall from and after the Commencement of this A d be and the fame is hereby repealed, fave and except repealed, fo far as may concern the profecuting, futng for, levying or recovering any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture which (hall or may be incurred under the Said Ad on or before Commencement of this Ad; all which Suits, Matters and other Proceedings (hall and may be proceeded on and had, to all Intents and Purpofes as if the faid hereinbefore recited Provifions had not^been repealed in manner aforefaid. '

XV.	And for the further preventing of the Ufe of raw or un- No Licence malted Corn, and of any deleterious or unwholefome Ingredients by granted to Brewers in Ireland, be it enaded. That from and after the Com- Brewer, unlefa mencement of this Ad no Licence (hall be granted to any Perfon or

Perfons in Ireland to brew Strong Beer, Porter or Ale, or Small ^ n<^ t0 uJ-e10 ‘ Beer for Sale, unlefs fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall have firft entered my raw or un-into a Bond to His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflors, in the Sum malted Corn in

Y 4	of	nuking Wort*,

C.78.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818

or receive or u (e any Preparation except Brown Malt*

No fuch Licence granted, unlefs the Party take and fubfcribe the following Affidavit.

Form of Affidavit.

of Two hundred Pounds, with Two fufficfent Sureties in the Sum of One hundred Pounds each, to be approved of by the Pcrfon empowered by Law to grant fuch Licence, conditioned that fuch Brewer or Brewers (hall not ufe any raw or unmalted Corn in the brewing or making of any Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, nor (hall receive or take into or have in his, her or their Cuftody, Power or Pofleffion, nor make or ufe or mix with or put into any Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, nor (hall receive or take into or have in his, her or their Cuftody, Power or PofTeilion, nor make or ufe or mix with or put into any Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter for the Purpofe of darken*, ing the Colour of fuch Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, any Liquor, Ei-traft, Calx, or other Material or Preparation, other than Brown Malt ground or unground, as commonly ufed in brewing, nor (hall receive or take into or have in his, her or their Cuftody, Power or Pofleffion, or ufe or mix with or put into any Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, any Sugar Water, DMillers* Spent Wafti, Sugar, Mobiles, Honey, Liquonce, Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus India, Grains of Para* dife, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Gentian, Callamus or Liquorice Root, or any Extraft or Preparation of Sugar Water, Diftillers* Spent Wafh, Sugar, MoIafTes, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus Indiae, Grains of Paradife, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Gentian, Callamus or Liquorice Root, or any Article or Preparation whatfoever, for or as a Subftitute for Malt or Hops, or any Ingredient whatfoever which (hall poflefs any deleterious or unwholetome Quality \ and further conditioned that fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall not let out to Hire or lend any Brewhoufe, Brewing Pan or Utenfil for brewing or making any Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, or fuffer any Perfon to ufe the Brewhoufe of fuch Perfon or Perfons, or any Brewing Part or Utenfil for brewing therein.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the Commencement of this Aft no Licence (hall be granted to any Perfon or Perfons in Ireland to brew Strong Beer, Porter or Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, unlefs and until the Perfon or Perfons to whom or ia whofe behalf fuch Licence (hall be required, or fome one of them, being the afting Partner or Perfoft concerned in the Brewery for whicn fuch Licence (hall be required, (hall fign and make ait Affidavit, or (being a Quaker or Quakers) a folemn Affirmation before the Colleftor of Excife or other Officer in Charge of the Col-leftion of the Djftrift in which fuch Brewery (hall be fitnate, or before fuch other Officer or Perfon as the Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Three of them, (hall appoint to adminifter the fame ; and every fuch Colleftor, Officer or other Perfon refpeft* ively, is hereby authorized and required to adminifter fuch Affidavit or Affirmation in the Form or to the Effeft following; (that is to fay,)

4 T if. B. on whofe behalf and for whofe Ufe [together with C. D.

4 et cetera, if there be Two or more Partners] a Licence is re-

*	quired to blew Strong Beer, Porter or Ale, or Small Beer for Sale

4 [at the cafe may At], at	in	the	County

*	of	[or	City	or	Town,	at	the	cafe	may	he]	ot

*	do	hereby	fokmnly	fwear	[or	affirm],

4 That I will not direftly or indireftly caufe or permit or fuffer, or 4 be party or privy to the caufing, permitting ox fuffering, any i*w

4 Cora

A.D.181&

58° GEO. Ill

C.78,

329

•	Com whatever, or any malted Corn which had not been duly 4 charged with the Duty on Malt, or any Sugar Water, Diftillera’

4 Spent Wa(h, Sugar, Molafles, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaflia,

4 Coculus India*, Grains of Paradife, Guinea Pepper, Opium,

•	Gentian, Callamus or Liquorice Root, or any Extra# or Prepa-4 ration of Sugar Water, Diftillers* Spent Walk, Sugar, Molafles,

•	Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus Iodise, Grains of Pa-4 radife, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Gentian, Callamus or Liquorice 4 Root, or any Article or Preparation whatever, for or as a Subflitute 4 for Malt or Hops, or any Ingredient whatever which (hall pofiefs 4 any deleterious or unwholefome Ingredient, to be ufed in the brew-4 ing or making of any Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, or in the making 4 or preparing any Liquor to imitate or to refemble, or to be mixed 4 with, or be ufed, fold or difpofed of or delivered as or for Beer,

4 Ale or Porter; and that I will not fell, difpofe of, fend or deliver,

4 or caufe to be fold, difpofed of, fent or delivered to any Perfon 4 or Perfon a whatfoever, as or for Beer, Ale or Porter, any Liquor 4 made or prepared from any raw Corn, or from any malted Com 4 which had not been duly charged with the Duty on Malt, or in the 4 making whereof any fuch raw Corn or any malted Cora which had 4 not been charged with the Duty on Malt, or any Sugar Water,

4 DiftiUers* Spent Wa(h, Sugar, Molafles, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol,

4 Quaflia, Coculus Indiae, Grains of Paradife, Guinea Pepper, Opium,

4 Gentian, Callamus or Liquorice Root, or any other Ingredient what-4 foever which (hall poflefs any deleterious or unwholefome Quality,

4 (hall have *been any way ufed; and that I will not caufe, or permit 4 or Suffer, or be party or privy to the cauflng, permitting or fuffer-4 irig, any raw or unmalted Cora ground or bruifed, or any Sugar 4 Water, Diftillers* Spent Wa(h, Sugar, Molafles, Honey, Liquorice,

4 Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus Indise, Grains of Paradife, Guinea Pep-4 per. Opium, Gentian, Callamus, or Liquorice Root, to be brought 4 into or kept in the faid Brewery or Premifes connected therewith;

4 and I do hereby alfo Solemnly Swear [or affirm] that no other Per-4 fon or Perfons is or are concerned or engaged in the faid Brewery 4 with me [except the faid C. D, et cetera] \ae the cafe may be~].

[So help me GOD.*

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Bond, Affidavit Bond and AC-or Affirmation refpe&ively hereinbefore required and fet forth, (hall lidavit to be in be in lieu and inftead of any Bond, Affidavit, Oath or Affimation ,leu required by any former A61 or A61s in force in Ireland, to be entered

into or made by any Brewer in Ireland; and if any Licence to brew jn w(Jat for Sale any Strong Beer, Porter, Ale or Small Beer, (hall be granted Licences void, to any Perlon or Perfons by or on whofe behalf fuch Affidavit, Oath or Affirmation (hall not have been made, or if any Perfon or Perfons, other than fuch as (hall be Specified in fuch Affidavit, Oath or Affirmation, (hall be concerned or engaged as a Partner or Partners in the Brewery for which fuch Licence (hall be granted, fuch Licence (boll be forfeited, and (hall be and become null and void.

XVIII.	And be it further ena#ed,That if any Brewer or Brewers Brewers ufing of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, Ale of or receiving importer in Ireland, (hall at any time after the Commencement of this prop®' Mix-

A6t receive or take into, or have in his, her or their Cuftody, Power *ure*’“ her#m or Pofleflion, or make or ufe or mix with or put into any Worts, **	*

Beer, Ale or Porter, any Liquor, Extra#, Cab, or other Material

or

880

58® GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Penalty look

DruggW,*** vending to or on account of

Brewers* Arc.

fuch Matures as herein de-fcribed;

C.J8,

or Preparation, for the Purpofe ofdarkening the Colour of Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, other than Brown Malt, groujid or unground, as commonly ufed in Brewing; or (hall receive or take into or have in his, her or their Cuftody, Power or Poffeffion, or ufe or mix with or put into any Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, any Sugar Water, Diftiliers’ Spent Wa(h, Sugar, Molaffes, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Qnaifia, Coculus Indise, Grains of Paradife, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Gentian, Callamus or Liquorice Root, or any Extras or Preparation of Sugar Water, Diftiliers’ Spent Wafb, Sugar, Mobiles, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quailia, Coculus Indise, Grains of Pa-radife, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Gentian, Callamus or Liquorice Root; or (hall receive or take into or have in his, her or their Cuftody, Power or Poffeffion, or ufe or mix with or put into any Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, any Article or Preparation whatsoever for or as a Subftitute for Malt or Hops, or any Ingredient whatfo-ever which (hall poffefs any deleterious or unwholefome Quality ; all fuch Liquor, Extraft, Calx, Sugar Water, Diftiliers’ Spent Wafh, Sugar, Molaffes, Honey, Vitriol, Quailia, Coculus Indise* Grains of Paradife, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Gentian, Callamus, Liquorice Root, Article, Preparation and Ingredient as aforefaid, and alfo the faid Worts, Beer, Ale and Porter refpe&ively, together with every Caik or VeiTel or other Package containing the fame, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Cuftoms or Excife; and fuch Brewer or Brewers, Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, Ale or Porter, fo offending as aforefaid, fhall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Founds.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Druggift or Chy-mift, or Vender or Dealer in Drugs, or other Perfon or Ferfons whatfoever in Ireland, fhall at any time after the Commencement of this A& fell or fend or deliver, or caufe or procure, permit or fuller to be fold or fent or delivered, to any Brewer or Brewers of Beer, Ale or Porter for Sale, or to any Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, Ale or Porter, knowing him, her or them to be fuch Brewer or Brewers, Dealer or Dealers, or Retailer or Retailers, or to be reputed fo to be; or fhall fell or fend or deliver, or caufe or procure to be fold or fent or delivered to any other Perfou or Perfons, for or on account of, or in Truft for, or for the Ufe of any fuch Brewer or Brewers, or Dealer or Dealers, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer* Ale or Porter, any Liquor called or known by the Name or Defcrip* tion of or fold as Colouring, from whatever Material or Materials the fame may have been made, or auy other Material or Preparation other than unground Brown Malt, for the Purpofe of darkening the Colour of Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, or any Sugar Water, Diftiliers* Spent Wafh, Sugar, Molafies, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quafiia, Coculus Indise, Grains of Paradife, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Gentian, Callamus or. Liquorice Root, or any Extra& or Preparation of Sugar Water, Diftiliers’ Spent Wafh, Sugar, Molafies, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaflhi Coculus Indise* Grains of Paradife, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Gentian, Callamus or Liquorice Root, or any Article or Preparation to be ufed in Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, tor or as a Subftitute for Malt or Hpps refpe&ively, or any Ingredient whatsoever which fhall poffefs any deleterious or unwholefome Quality; all fuch Liquor called pr known by the Name or Description of or fold as Colouring*

7	and

58° GEO- III.

C-78.

331

and every Material or Preparation for the Purpofc aforefaid, and every Liquor and Preparation to be ufed for or in the darkening the Colour of Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, other than unground Brown Malt, and any Sugar Water, Diftillera’ Spent Wafb, Sugar, Mo-lafies, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Indiz, Grains of Paradife, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Gentian, Callamus, Liquorice Root, and any Extract or Preparation of Sugar Water, Diftillers’ Spent Wa(h, Sugar, Molsties, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Indiz, Grains of Paradife, Guinea repper, Opium, Gentian, Callamus and Liquorice Root, and any Article dr Preparation to be ufed for or as a Subftitute for Malt or Hops, (hall be forfeited, and the fame refpedively (hall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Cuftoms or Excife; and the Druggift or Druggifts, Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Drugs, or Chymift or Chymifts, or other Perfon or Perfons whatever fo offending, (hall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XX.	And be it further enaded, That if any Officer of Excife or his Affiftants (hall be hindered, obftruded or prevented by any-Brewer, or by any Servant or Perfon ading in the Employment of fuch Brewer, from guaging and taking an Account of any Mafh Tun or Kieve, or of any Malt or any Grains of any Malt, or from examining any Beer, Ale or Porter in the Brewery or Prcmifes of fuch Brewer, or from performing any Part of the Duty of fuch Officer, in the Execution of this Ad, or of any other A6t or Ads in force in Ireland refpeding Brewers, every fuch Brewer for every fuch Offence (hall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXI.	And be it further enaded, That to every Store, Loft or other Place belonging to any Brewery, which Store, Loft or Place (hall be ufed for keeping Malt, there (hall be kept Stairs or Steps fufficient to enable any Officer of Excife who (hall enter fuch Brewery at all times to have convenient and eafy Accefs to the feveral Lofts, Stores, Floors or other Places belonging to fuch Brewery, and to every Mafli Tun or Kieve belonging to fuch Brewery 5 and every fuch Officer (hall on Demand at luch Brewery be furaifhed with Lights fufficient to enable him to view, gauge and take an Account of every Ma(h Tun or Kieve, and of all Malt and Grains iu fuch Brewery, and to view and examine'all Beer, Ale or Porter in fuch Brewery, and in every Floor, Loft, Store or other Place therein; and for every Negled or Default in either of the (aid cafes fuch Brewer (hall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Brewer (hall refufe or negled to furnifb any Officer of Excife, on Demand made by fuch Officer, with a fufficient Number of Perfons provided with Shovels or other fufficient Inftruments for levelling all Malt to be gauged by fuch Officer, or (hall negled or refufe to caufe fuch Perions to level the fame, or to leave fufficient Head Room or Space between the Ceiling or Roof of any Store or Room and the Surface of the Malt therein, fo as to enable fuch Officer to take a corred Gauge thereof with Convenience, every fuch Brewer (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded, That all Powers, Claufes, Pro* vifions. Rules and Regulations contained iu any Ad or Ads relating to Brewers in force m Ireland at or immediately before the Com* mencemeut of this Ad, and not cxprefsly altered or repealed by this

Ad,

Penalty 500I.

ObftruAing

Officers;

Stores, Scc. for keeping Mak to have Stairs, and Officer to be furniftied with Lights to take an Account of Maih Tun, Sc.

Penalty sol.

Brewer to fuxv niih Officer with Perfons and 1m-

Penalty sot Former Afls extended to this Ad.

58o GEO. III.

A.D.181S.

Corn making into Malt, and not having been put on the Kiln within 18 Day*, charged with Duty.

Penalty %cL

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

frith Aft,

M* *5	*•

46O.3. c.106.

Commencement of Aft.

54 G.3. c.8a. t *5*

C. 7S, 70.

Ad, (ball be applied and put in Pradice in the Execution of th» 1 Alt as fully and efledually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the laid Claufes, Provifions, Rules and Regulations were repeated and re-enaded in this Ad ; and the faid Ads and this Ad (hall be conftnifd together as one Ad, fo far as the fame are confident and compatible with each other.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, That in every cafe where it (hall appear by the Stock Account kept by any Officer of Exdie in Charge of the Malthoufe of any Maltfter or Maker of Malt n Ireland, that any Corn or Gram making into Malt (hail not haw been put on the Kiln within Eighteen Days from the Day mentioned in the Notice for the Wetting thereof, and entered in fach Stock Account as the Day of the Wetting thereof, fuch Corn or Graia (hall be confidered as Malt5 and the Maltfter or Maker of Malt is whofe Malthoufe fuch Corn or Grain (hall be found, (hall be charged with Duty for the fame after the Rate of One Bu(hel of Malt (or every Bumel of fuch Com or Grain, and fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt (hall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXV.	And be it further enaded, That all Fines, Penalties and [ Forfeitures under this Ad (hall be paid and payable in Britifb Currency, and (hall be fued for, recovered and applied in the fame manner, and under fuch Powers and Authorities, and by fuch Ways and Methods, and according to fuch Rules and Diredions, as are appointed,

direded and exprefled for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Ad made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, intituled An A3 for the fettling the Exeife or new Iwpofi upon His Majefy, His Heirs and Succeffors, according to the Book of Rates therein in* ferted; or in and by an Ad made in the Forty fixth Year of Hii prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to provide for the better Execution of the feveral Ads relating to the Revenues matters ami things under the Management of the Commiffoners of Cufloms and Port Duties, and of the Commi/foners of Inland Exeife and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland* relating to the Revenues of Cuftoms and Exeife, or either of them, aa folly and effedually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were herein exprefled and enaded, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved as in and by the faid recited Ad made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, or any other Ad or Ads as aforeiaid, is provided.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded. That this Ad (hall commence and take Effed from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Ad to amend an Ad of the Fifty fourth Year of His

prefent Majefty’s Reign, for granting Duties on Audions

in Ireland.	[jth June 1818.]

% TT7 HEREAS in and by an Ad made in the Fifty fourth Year

•	VV of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to grant

*	to His Majefy Duties upon Audions in Ireland, in lieu of former 4 Duties thereon> and to provide for the regulating and feeurmg the

* Collection

A.D.1818.

$8* GEO. IIL

C. 79*

333

*	ColhSion of tbs fold Duties, and to prevent Frauds therein ; cer*

*	tain Catalogues, Declarations, Accounts, Notices and Returns are 4 required to be delivered by Auctioneers at the Office of the Exa-

*	minator of Audion Duties in Dublin, and certain Oaths are re*

*	quired to be made before fucb Examinator, and fuch Examinator is

*	authorized to adminifter fuch Oaths, and fuch Examinator is re-4 quired to redify Errors in the Amount of Duty chargeable on Auc-4 tioneers, and to make certain Allowances to the Owners of Edates 4 or Effeds put up to Sale by Audion, and certain other matters 4 and things are required to be done by or at the Office of fuch Ex-4 aminator ; and it is expedient that fo much of the faid recited Ad 4 as relates to the faid Examinator, or to the Duties of his Office,

4 (hould be repealed Be it therefore enaded by. The King's Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and .Commons, in this prefent Parliament af-fembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the repealed, and Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, all	™,we"

Claufes, Powers, Provifoes, Rules, Regulations and Diredions con- th^CcU<*e« tained in the faid recited Ad, fo far as the fame relate to the Examin- ton 0f ExciCe. ator of the Audion Duty or Duties, and all matters and things required by the faid Ad to be done by fuch Examinator, or by any Audioneer or other Perfon with reference to fuch Examinator, or at

the Office of fuch Examinator, (hall be and the fame are hereby repealed ; and that from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, all Ads, matters and things by the (aid Act authorized or required to be done by the faid Examinator, or at the Office of the faid Examinator in Dublin, (hall be done by the feveral Collectors of Excife for the County of Dublin, and for the City of Dublin, within their feveral Jurifdidions, as the cafe may require, or at the Office of fuch Colledors, except where any other fpecial Provilion is made by this Ad.

II. And be it further enaded. That every Audioneer within any Regulations for Part of the Diftrid of the Metropolis of DubUn, or within Six Miles of the Caftle of Dublin, (hall and he is hereby required to deliver all catS^i««id and every Catalogue, Account and other Document of each and every Accounts of Sale, intended to be held or which (hall be held by him within any Sales to the Col-Part of the Diftrid of the Metropolis of Dublin, or in any Place ledor of Excife within Six Miles of the CafUe of Dublin, to the Colledor of Excife for the City of Dublin, who (hall be deemed and taken to all Intents uty’ and Purposes, with refped to fuch Sales, to be the Colledor of the Diftrid within which luch Sale (hall be had or intended to be had, within the Meaning of the faid recited Ad and this Ad, andeveiy fuch Audioneer (nail	to	fuch	Col-

ledor ; and every Au	#	ie	Diftrid	of

Dublin, not being within the Diftrid of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within Six Miles of the Caftle of DubUn, (hall and he is hereby re* quired to deliver all and every Catalogue, Account and other Document of each and every Sale intended to be held or which (hall be held by him in any Place within the Diftrid of the Excife Office of Dublin, not being within the Diftrid of the Metropolis of DubUn, or within Six Miles of the Caftle of DubUn, to the Colledor of Excife for the County of DubUn, who (hall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purpofes, with refped to fuch Sales, to be the Colledor of the Diftrid within which fuch Sale (hall be had or be intended to be had.

within

C.7&

58° GEO. III.

A.D.181&

Allowance to Owners buying their own Eftate*, dec.

Enron in Charge of Duty to be made known to Commiflionera.

AuAioneen to be charged with any Deficiency of Duty when difeovered.

Mot paying the fame on Notice, Penalty.

Provifo.

Two Days* Notice of Sale to bo delivered to Surveyor, &c. by Au&tomer, Penalty ooL

within the Meaning of the faid recited Aft and this A ft, and every fuch Auftioneer (hall pay the Duty on every fuch Sale to foch Colleftor.

III.	And be it further enafted, That in all cafes where the real Owner of any Eftate, Goods, Chattels or Effefts put up to Sale by way of Auftion in Ireland (hall be the real Purchafer by means of hi own Bidding or the Bidding of any Perfon on his behalf or for his Ufc at fnch Sale, then and in every (uch cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, on Proof thereof being made to the Satisfaftion of them or any Three of them, to order an Allowance to be made to the Owner of fuch Eftate, Goods, Chattels or Effefts of the Duties arifing under any A ft or Afts in force in Ireland upon fuch Bidding or Sale.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Error (hall be difeovered in any Charge of Duty againft any Auftioneer by charging fuch Auftioneer with a greater Amount of Duty than ought to have been charged againft fuch Auftioneer it (hall and may be lawful, fov him to make his Complaint within Six Calendar Months next after the Error (hall have been difeovered to the Commiffionere of Inland Excife and Taxes in Irelandf who are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine fuch Complaint, and upon Proof thereof to relieve the Party fo complaining from fo much of the Duty as (hall appear to have been overcharged ; and if fuch Duty (hall have been paid, it (hall and may be law ml for the faid Commiffioners to repay the fame ; and in cafe it (hall be difeovered that any Error has been committed by charging any Auftioneer with a lefs Amount of Duty than ought to have been cnarged, it (hall and may be lawful for the Officer who (hall have difeovered fuch Error,* and he is hereby required, to reftify the fame as fpeedily as may be convenient, and to report the fame to the faid Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, who are hereby required to give Notice to fuch Auftioneer of the Amount of the Deficiency of the Duty in confequence of fuch Error ; and if fuch Auftioneer (hall not within One Calendar Month after fuch Notice (hew fufficient Caufe to fuch Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes why he (hould not be charged with and pay fuch Deficiency, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners to order a Return to be made by fuch Officer or by any other Officer to the Office of the Colleftor of Excife of the Diftrift in which the erroneous Charge was returned, and the Duty fpecified in the Return of fuch Officer (hall be a Surcharge on fuch Auftioneer; and if fuch Auftioneer (hall not on Demand, or within Ten Days next after, pay the full Amount of fuch Duties fo furcharged, fuch Auftioneer (hall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Amount of the Duty which (hall be fo furcharged; provided that no fuch Return (hall be a Surcharge on any Auftioneer, unlefs it (hall have been made, and the Amount demanded, within Six Calendar Months after the Difcovery of the Error.

V.	And be it further enafted, That every Perfon who (hall exercife the Trade or Bufinefs of an Auftioneer in Ireland (haQ, Two Days at the leaft before the Commencement of any Sale by way of Auction, deliver or caufe to be delivered to the Surveyor or Gauger of the* Walk in which fuch Sale is intended to be held, a written or

Erinted Notice, figned by fuch Auftioneer or by his known Clerk i his behalf* fetting forth the particular Place where fuch Sale is intended

58° GEO. III.

885

C. 79.

tended to be held, and the Day and Hour when the fame is to begin; and if any Auctioneer (hall fell or put up to Sale by way of Audion any Eftate, Goods, Chattels or Effe&s, without hating delivered or caufed to have been delivered fuch Notice as aforefaid, every fuch Auctioneer fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VI.	And be it further enaCted, That if any Auctioneer who (hall Auffioriser felU fell by AuCtion any Goods diftrained for Non Payment of Rent, “!£ 9°°4> fhall at fuch AuCtion fell any Goods which were not fo diftrained for Oo^uken in Rem, or (hall fell more of the Goods fo diftrained than (hall be necef- Diftrda, &c. fary to be fold to difcharge the Arrear of Rent for which the Diftrefs

had been made, together with the Cofts and Expences attending

the Diftrefs and Sale, fuch Auctioneer (hall forfeit for every fuch Penalty *oL

Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VII.	And be it further enaCted, That it (hall and may be lawful Commiflmnws

for the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or any	Aoc*'

Three of them, in their Difcretion to revoke any Licence to any tioncertcom-Perfon to fell by AuCtion, in cafe fuch Perfon fo licenfed (hall have mitting certain committed any Fraud or Offence againft the faid recited A d or this Offence*.

Ad which (hall fubjeCt fuch Perfon to a Penalty of Twenty Pounds	£“c'

or upwards; and it (hall and may alfo be lawful for the (aid Com- cencerevoked miflioners or any Three of them to prohibit the iffuing or granting penalty 50U a Licence to fell by AuCtion to any Perfon who (hall have been fo convicted 5 and if any Perfon whole Licence (hall have been fo revoked, on whom a Notice (hall have been ferved of fuch Licence being revoked, figned by fuch Commiffioners or any Three of them, (haU vend, fell or put up to Sale any Eftate, Goods, Chattels or EffeCts by way of AuCtion, every fuch Perfon (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

VIII.	And be it furtner enaCted, That in all cafes where any Duties Colleaor, &c. payable by any Auctioneer on any Sale or Sales by AuCtion (hall be

unpaid at or after the time when fuch Duties are by Law due and 9^r°for

payable, it (hall may be lawful for the Collector of Excife or other ment of Duty.

Officer in charge ot the Collection of the DiftiriCk in which fuch

Duties (hall be charged and payable, by Warrant under his Hand

Seal to empower any Perfon or Perfons to take and diftrain all or any

Goods or Chattels of any fuch Auctioneer, and to caufe the fame to

be fold by public AuCtion, giving Six Days9 previous Notice thereof,

unlefs the fame (hall be redeemed before the Sale thereof, by Payment

of, the full Amount of the Duties fo due, and the Expences incurred

by fuch Diftrefs; and if after the Payment of all fuch Duties* and

Arrears of Duties, together with the Coils and Expences of fuch

diftraining, taking and Sale, there (hall be any Surplus of the

Produce arifing from the Sale of fuch Diftrefs, fuch Surplus fhall *

be forthwith tendered and paid to fuch Auctioneer or his Re-

prefentatives.

fX. And be it further enaCted, That all and every the Claufee, Power* of Rules, Regulations, Provifions, Penalties, Forfeitures and Modes of former ASm lor Recovery, provided, mentioned and contained in the faid recited during the Ad of the Fifty fourth Year aforefaid, or in any other Ad or ACks ^uewied In force in Ireland for fecuring the Colledion of the Duties on Auc- l0 ^ a a. tions, (hall be applied and put in pradtee in the Execution of this ACt, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, as if all the Claufes, Rules, Regulations, Provifions, Penalties and

Forfeitures

C. 79, 80.

58o GEO. Ill,

A.D.181&

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Irilh Alt,

14 Sc 15 C.t.

46 G. 3. c. 106.

510.3. c.79.

Ante 1 c. 23.

» **•

Forfeitures contained in the faid Ads had been exprefaly repeated and re-enaded in this Ad, except fo far as the fame are repealed or altered by this Ad ; and that the laid Ads and this Ad (hall be con* ftrued together as One Ad, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoeter, fo far as the fame are compatible or confident with each other, and a the faid Ads are amended or altered by this Ad.

X. And be it further enaded. That all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures inflided by this Ad, (hall be paid according to the Amount thereof in Briti/b Currency, and (hall and may be lord for, recovered and applied in fuch manner and Form, and by focfa Ways and Means, and with fuch Powers and Authorities, as are prescribed, direded and appointed in and by an Ad of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majefiy King Cbarlet the Second, intituled An A8 for fettling of the Entifi or new Impojl upon Hit Majefy% Hit Heirs and Succejfors, accardm£ to the Book of Rates therein infcrted; or in and by an Ad palled in the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled A* AS to provide for the better Execution of the feveral ASt relating to the Revenues, matters and things under the Management of the Coti-miffoners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, and of tie CommsJJionert tj Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland relating to the faid Revenues, matters and things, or either of them, as fully and effedually to all Intents, Coo-ftrudions and Purpofes as if the fame were particularly mentioned and exprefled and re-enaded in this Ad; with the like Remedy of Ap-peal to and for the Party and Parties who (hall think him, her or then-felves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the faid Ad or any of them ii provided and enaded.

CAP. LXXX.

An Ad to amend an Ad pafTed in the Fifty feventli Year of His prefent Maiefty, for permitting the Transfer of Capital from certain Public Stocks or Funds in Great Britain to certain Public Stocks or Funds in Ireland.	[5th June 1818.]

WHEREAS an Ad was pafTed in the Fifty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An 15 to permit the Transfer of Capital from certain Public Stock or Funds in Great Britain to certain Public Stocks or Funds in Ire-laud : And Whereas by an Ad pafTed in the prefent Seffion of Parliament, intituled An AS for raifing the Sum of Three Million* by the Transfer of certain Three Pounds per Centum Annuities into other Annuities at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Cca* turn, and for granting Annuities to difeharge certain Exchequer Bi3s> the Provifions of the faid firil recited Ad are extended, and Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities transferable at the Bank ot England are thereby permitted to be transferred into the Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities and Debentures transferable at the Bank of Ireloni> according to the following Scale ; that is to fay. That every Per-Ton and Body Politic and Corporate transferring fuch Annuities payable at the Bank of England fhall be entitled, for every One hundred Pounds fo transferred, to the Principal Sum ot One

4 hundred

A.D.1818.

58° GEO. IH.

C. 80.

337

4 hundred and eight Founds Six Shillings and Eight pence in An-4 nuities at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per- Centum 4 payable at the Bank of Ireland; and the firft Dividend to be paid

*	at the Bank of Ireland (hall be computed from the Fifth Day of

*	April or Tenth Day of 0Sober next preceding the Day on which 4 the Transfer (hall be made to the Commifiioncrs for the Redudion 4 of the National Debt at the Bank of England, and (hall be paid 4 on the Fifth Day of January ox Fifth Day of July next fucceeding

*	the Day on which fuch Annuities (hall be written into the Books 4 of the Bank of Ireland, in the Name or Names of the Party or 4 Parties fpecified in fuch Certificate : And Whereas it is expedient 4 to am'end the faid firfi recited A61 accordinglyBe it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority

of the fame. That at any time after the palling of this Ad it (hall Perfons holding .and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons holding Stock in the Stock in the Three founds per Centum per Annum Confolidated Annuities, or in Bnt'^ Funds the Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities IheVransfer1 transferable at the Bank of England, to transfer or caufe to be thereof, cor-transferred fuch Stock or Annuities refpedively for the Purpofe of refponding having correfponding Sums written in and confolidated with and s«*k transfer-made Part of the Capital of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum ter Annum Annuities and Debentures transferable at the	r

Bank of Ireland; and that it (hall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons holding Stock in the Britijb Funds of Four per Centum per Annum Confolidated Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, or in the Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities of the Year One thoufand feven hundred and ninety feven trana-ferrable at the Bank of England\ or in the Iri/b Five Pounds per Centum ter Annum Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, to transfer or caufe to be transferred fuch Stock or Annuities . refpedively for the Purpofe of having correfponding Sums written in and confolidated and made Part of the Capital of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities transferable at the Bank of Ireland, and that all fuch Transfers (hall be made according to the Scale and on the Terms and Conditions contained in the faid recited Ads and this Ad.

II. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful Application may for any Perfon or Perfons having or poflefling any Stock in the He made to the feveral before mentioned Stocks, Funds or Annuities transferable BsnkofEng-at the Bank of England*, to apply in Writing to the Governor and	”~ke

Company of the Bank of England, or to caufe Application to be fuch Transfer, made to the faid Governor and Company by fome Perfon on his, which (hall be her or their behalf, and which Application (hall fee according to fuch made to the Form as (hall be eftablifhed by the faid Governor and Company, and Comm goners (hall be the (ame in all /rafts* for Permiffion to transfer or caufe to of the nH be transfered fuch Stocks, Funds or Annuities refpedively, for the Purpofe of having correfponding Sums written in and confolidated whereupon e with the feveral Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Debentures trans- Certificate (hall ferrable at the Bank of Ireland fet forth in the faid recited Ads be granted d»-and this Ad, as the cafe may require, according to the Provifions	of°Ireland,

of the faid recited Ads, except fo far as the fame (hall be varied and altered by this prefent Ad ; and thereupon and upon fuch 58 Geo. III.	Z	Perfon

338

C.80.

58V GEO. III.

A.D.181&

Form thereat

Bank of England

to give Notice of Transfer to Commiffioners of National Debt.

Perfon or Perfons transferring or caufing to be transferred fuch Stocks, Funds or Annuities fo transferable at the Bank of England, into the Names of the Commiffioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Purpofe of their cancelling and difcharging the fame from the National Debt in Great Britain, it (hall and may be lawful for the Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of Eui-iand, or for the Accountant General or Deputy Accountant of the faid Governor and Company, or for the Secretary or Deputy Secretary of the faid Governor and Company for the time being, and they are hereby refpedively authorized and required, to grant a Certificate to the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Transfer, or on wbofe behalf fuch Transfer (hall have been made, diredtd to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and which Certificate (hail be alfo according to a Form which (hall be eftablifhed by the Cud Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and (hall be the fame in all cafes; and (uch Certificate (hall ftate that the Perfon or Perfons therein mentioned has or have transferred or canfed to be transferred the Stock, Funds or Annuities therein defcribed, to the Commiffioners for the Redudion of the National Debt, for the Purpofe of having correfponding Sums written in the Name of fuch Perfon or Perfons, and confolidated with fuch Stock, Funds, Annuities or Debentures in Ireland, as the fame are applicable to, defcribing the fame, and dating the Amount in fuch Irijb Stock, Funds, Annuities or Debentures refpedively, to which fuch Perfoo or Perfons (hall be fo entitled in refped of fuch Transfer, according to the Scale fet forth in the faid recited Ads and this Ad.

III. And be it further enaded, That in every cafe where any Transfer (hall be made as aforefaid, the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England (hall caufe Notice thereof to be given to the Commiffioners tor the Redudion of the National Debt at their Office on the fame Day on which fuch Transfer (hall be made; and the faid Commiffioners (hall, upon the Receipt thereof, tnnfmh the faid Notice to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland*

* IV. And Whereas the Dividends on the Three Pounds and Ten ‘ Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities transferable at the 4 Bank of England are payable on the Fifth Day of April and the

*	Tenth Day of OQobcr m each Year, and the Dividends ou the 4 Three Pounds and Ten Shillings ter Centum per Annum Annuities 4 and Debentures payable at the Dank of Ireland are by the faid 4 recited Ad of the Fifty Seventh Year made payable on the Fifth 4 Day of January and the Fifth Day of July in each Year: And 4 Whereas, in purfuance of the Provifions of the faid recited Aft of 4 this prefent Seffion of Parliament, the firft Dividend to be pax) 4 at the Bank 6f Ireland upon any fuch Irijb Three Pounds and 4 Ten. Shillings Annuities and Debentures as (hall be written into 4 the Bogks of the Bank of Ireland in confequence of the Transfer 4 at the Bank of England of any Three Pounds and Ten Shillings 4 per Centum Annuities, is to be computed from the Fifth Dar of

*	April or Tenth Day of ,0 Sober nex( preceding the Day on which 4 the Transfer of any fuck Annuities (hall be made to the Com-4 imffioners for Redudion of the National Debt at the Bank of 4 England for fuch Purpofe, and fuch firft Dividend is to be paid 4 on the Fifth Day of January or Fifth Day of July next fucceed-

4 ing

339

4 iog the Day on which fuch Annuities (hall be written into the 4 Books of the Bank of Inland $ and it will thereby happen that in

*	certain cafes the Amount of fuch firft Dividend lfluable from the 4 Exchequer in Ireland, andjpayable at the Bank of Inland on fuch 4 Irijb Annuities and Debentures, will be Three fourths of a Year’s 1 Dividend ; and that in certain other cafes the Amount of fuch firft

*	Dividend will be only One fourth of a Year’s Dividend: And

*	Whereas, for facilitating the Sale of the Annuities and Deben-

*	tures Co transferred, and for consolidating the fame with the 4 Three Founds Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities payable at the

*	Bank of Inltmd9 it is expedient that Provifiou (hould be made

*	that the Amount of fuch firft Dividend payable to the Perfons in 4 whofe Names fuch Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum An-4 nuitjes may be (landing, (hould be equal in all cafes to the Half 4 Year’s Dividend payable on any fuch Irxfb Annuities or Debentures 4 (landing in the Books of the Bank of Ireland Be it ena&ed. That whenever any of the laid Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England (hall be transferred for the Purpofes aforefaid to the Commiffioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt at any time between the Fifth Day of January ex cl u five and the Fifth Day of April inclufive in any Year, or between the Fifth Day of July exclufive and the Tenth Day of OBoher inclufive in any Year, it (hall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to pay or caufe to be paid to every Perfon or Perfons, his, her or their refpe&ive Executors, Adminiftrators or Affigns, who (hall have made or caufed to be made any fuch Transfer of Three Pounds Ten Shillings Annuities for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Sum of Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence (being One fourth Part of a Year’s Dividend) for every One hundred Pounds of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities and Debentures which (hall be written into the Books of the Bank of Ireland in purfuance of fuch Transfer ; and fuch Payment of the faid Sum of Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence (hall be made at the time when fuch Annuities and Debentures (hall be fo written into the Books of the faid Bank of Inland; and in fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of Inland to retain to their own Ufe a like Sum of Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence for every fuch One hundred Pounds out of the Sum or Sums of Money which (hall be iffued out of the Exchequer of Ireland to the faid Governor and Company, for the Payment of the Dividends on fuch Annuities or Debentures, on the firft Dividend Day next fucceeding fuch Transfer; and the laid Governor and Company (hall pay to fuch Perfon as (hall be entitled to receive tbe Dividend becoming due on fuch Annuities and Debentures on fuch firft Dividend Day the amount of One half Year’s Dividend, and no more, in like manner,as .on all other fuch Annuities or Debentures (landing in the Books pf the faid Governor and Company ; and whenever any of the faid Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England (hall be transferred to the Commiffioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt, for the Purpofes aforefaid, at any time between the Fifth Day of April exolufive and the Fifth Day of July inclufive in any Year, or between the Tenth Day of OBoher exolufive and the

Z 2	Fifth

Regulations for Payment of the Firft Dividend on the 3I. los. per Cent. Annuities fo transferred.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818

38 G.3.C.87.



16 G.a. c.33.

iiy

Where Infant foie Executor, Adminiftration with Will annexed, to Guardian.

C. 80,81.

Fifth Day of January inclufive in any Year, the Perfon or Perfotre, his, her or their refpeftive Executors, Adminiftrators or Affigns, who (hall have made or caufed to be made any fuch Transfer, fhall pay to the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland\ and the faid Governor and Company are hereby authorized and empowered to receive, the Sum of Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence (being One fourth Part of a Year's Dividend) for every One hundred Pounds of the faid Annuities and Debentures fo written into the faid Books of the Bank of Ireland in purfuance of fuch Transfer; and fuch Payment of the faid Sum of Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence fhall be made to the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland at the time when fuch Annuities and Debentures {hall be fo written into the Books of the faid Bank of Ireland; and the faid Governor slnd Company (hall and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to fuch Perfons as (hall be entitled to receive the Dividends becoming due on fuch Annuities or Debentures on the firft Dividend Day next after fuch Transfer, the full Amount of One Half Year’s Dividend, in like manner as on all other fuch Annuities or Debentures Handing in the Books of the faid Governor and Company.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Aft for extending to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland certain Provifions of the Parliament of Great Britain in relation to Executors under the Age of Twenty one Years, and to Matrimonial Coutrafts. [5th June 1818.]

WHEREAS by an Aft made in the Parliament of Great Britain in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His 4 prerent Majefty, intituled An Aft for the Adminiftration of AJfets * in cafes •cohere the Executor to whom Probate has been granted is out 4 of the Realm, it is amongft other things enafted, that where an • Infant is foie Executor, Adminiftration with the Will annexed (hall 4 be granted to the Guardian of fuch Infant, or to fuch other Perfon 4 as the Court (hall think fit, until fuch Infant (hall have attained the 4 full Age of Twenty one Years, at which Period, and not before, * Probate of the Will fhall be granted to him : And Whereas by a 4 certain other Aft made in the Parliament of Great Britain, in the * Twenty fixth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George 4 the Second, intituled An A3 for the better preventing of cTandefiiue 4 Marriages, it is amongft other things enafted, that in no cafe what-4 foever fnall any Suit or Proceeding be had in any Eccleliaftical 4 Court in order to compel a Celebration of any Marriage in facie 4 Ecclefia, by reafon of any Contraft of Matrimony whatsoever, 4 whether per verba de prefenti, or per verba de futuro : And Whereas 4 it is expedient to extend the aforefaid Provifions of the faid in part * recited Afts to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland;* Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice find Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled* and by the Authority of the fame, That where an Infant is foie Executor, Adminiftration with the Will annexed, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, (hall be granted to the Guardian of fuch Infant, or to fuch other Perfon as the Spiritual Court there fhall think fit, until fuch Infant fhall have attained the full Age

341

G81,82.

of Twenty one Years, at which Period, and not before, Probate of the Will (hall be granted to him.

II.	And be it further ena£ted, That the Perfon to whom fuch Adminiftration (hall be granted (hall have the fame Powers vetted in him as an Adminittrator now hath by reafon of an Adminiftration granted to him durante mtnore state of the next of Kin.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That in no cafe whatfoever (hall any Suit or Proceeding be had' in any Ecclefiaftical Court of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, in order to compel a Celebration of any Marriage in facie Ecclefisy by reafon of any Contra& of Matrimony whatloever, whether, per verba de prefenti, or per verba de futuroy which (hall be entered into after the End and Expiration of Ten Days next after the patting of this A&; any Law or Ufage to the contrary notwithttanding.

CAP. LXXXII.

An A£t to prevent Frauds in the Sa]e of Grain in Ireland.

[jth June 1818.]

* TT7HEREAS divers Frauds are often pra&ifed by Perfons in 4 W Ireland felling or offering to Sale Wheat, Rye, Meflin, 4 Peas, Beans, Barley, Bere, Oats, Shillin, Cutlings, Meal,* Flour 4 and Malt, by fpoiling or adulterating the fame, or Part thereof, or 4 producing to the View of the intended Buyer a Species of fuch 4 Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal or Flour, of a Quality fuperior to the 4 Bulk of that fo offered to Sale, in order by fuch Means to deceive c and defraud the Buyer thereof, or the Perfon to whom the fame 4 (hall be offered to Sale To prevent fuch injurious Pra&ices, be it therefore enaded by The King’s Mott Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content, of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the patting of this Ad, if anv Perfon or Perfons in Ireland (hall fell or offer to Sale any. of the (aid Sorts of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal or Flour, which (ball in the whole or in part be fpoiled or adulterated by wetting or mixing therewith toy Sand, Gravel, Dirt, or rotten, or damaged Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal or Flour, or grown or blighted Corn, or other kind of'-Stuff, or which (hall not be io Quality of equal Goodnefs to that produced to the View* of the intended Buyer or Buyers thereof, or (hsdl ufe any other Fraud .or Deceit therein, or in order to make fuch Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal or Flour appear heavier than it would have been without fuch Mixture, Fraud or Deceit* every Perfon, being lawfully convi&ed of any of the faid Frauds or Deceits by the Oath of One credible Witnefs before any One Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate in any City or Town Corporate in Ireland where fuch Offence (hall be committed, or before any Two Juftices of the Peace in any place in Ireland* not being a City or Town Corporate, where fuch Offence (hall be committed, (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit all fuch Corn, Grain*Malt, Meal or Flour, One Half thereof to the Ufe of the Informer, and the other Half to the Ufe of the Poor of the Pari(h where fuch Offence (hall have been committed, and alio the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be levied by Diftrefs and

Z 3	Sale

Adminiflratar (hall have the ufual Powers.

X

No Proceeding to compel a Celebration of Marriage in facie Ecclefie by reafon of Contra&r

Corn, &c. adulterated offered for Sale forfeited ;

542

and Peualty 40s*

39 G.3.C.89.

500.3* c. 86.

51G.3.C.75.

Sale of fuch Offender's Goody; One Moiety of which faid Sum of Forty Shillings (hall be to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to the Ufe of the Poor of the Parifh as aforefaid.

CAP. LXXXin.

An A6t to amend and reduce into One AQ. the feveral Laws relating to the manner in which the Eaft India Company % are required to hire Ships.	[5th	June	1818.]

t WJ HEREAS by an Ad of Parliament paffed in the Thirty c VV ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled , An AQ for regulating the manner in which the United Company 4 of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, Jhall hire and t take up Ships for their regular Service ; and by*another Ad of € Parliament, paffed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reigti of His (aid f prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 to amend'Two Ads paffed in the Thirty ninth and Forty third Tears of the Reign of His prefent 4 Majefty yfor regulating the manner in which the Eaft India Company •M fl hire and take / up Ships ; and by another Ad of Parliament, ‘ palled in the Fifty (irft Year of the Reign of His faid prefent 4 Majefty, intituled An AB for making further Provtfton for the 4 Payment 6f Salaries and other Charges in the Office of the Com-4 mwioners for the Affairs of India 5 and for enabling the Eaft India 4 Company to ref ore to 1 he Service of tie faid Company Military 4 Officers removed therefrom by Sentences of Court Martial i and to 4 authorise the faid Company, in cafe of uhforefewn Emergency , to Jake 4 up Ships by private ContraS; various Prdvifions, regulating the 4 manner in which the faid United Company (hall hire and take up ‘ Ships for their Service, are now in force-: And Whereas it is 4 expedient that the Laws relative to the manner of hiring Ships for 4 the faid United Company's Service fhould be amended, and reduced 4 into One Ad: And Whereas the Fluduatioft of Prices of Naval 4 Stores, and of other Articles incident to the Equipment of Ships 4 in times immediately following the Termination of War, has been

*	fuch as to render the Calculations upon which the Contra&s for

*	Peace Freight have from time to time been made, greatly erroneous

*	and inefficient, and the Performance of fuch Contra&s has in con-

*	fequence thereof been found fo injurious to the Contra&ing Parties, 4 that the Court of Dire&ors of the faid United Company of 4 Merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies have in Two 4 Inftances, videlicet, after the Termination of War in One thoufand 4 eight hundred and two, and after the Termination of War in One

*	thouf&nd eight hundred and fifteen, prefented Petitions to the 4 Hoiife of Commons, praying that Parliament would authorize and 4 empower the faid Company to make Allowances to the Owners 4 of feveral Ships hired by them under the Provifions of the faid 4 Ads, over and above the Prices to which the faid Owners were 4 entitled by their £ontra&8; and Parliament has in the faid Inftances 4 complied with the Prayer of the faid Petitions: And Whereas it 4 is highly inexpedient that the Revifion and Alteration of Contra&s 4 by Authority of Parliament, on whatever Plea or Pretext, fhould 4 grow into Precedents' Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and With the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament

580 GEO. IIL

C. 83.

343

liament.aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame,.That the 390.3.^8o Whole of the foid Ada made and paffed in the Thirty ninth and 5° °-3. c, 86. Fiftieth Years of the Reign of His (aid prefent Majefty, and fo *** much of the faid A A made and paiTed in the Fifty firft Year of the Reign of His faid prefent Majefty as relates to the hiring of Ships rspeaUd. by the laid United Company, (hall be and the fame are hereby repealed: Provided always, that the Repeal of the faid Ads (hall in nowife be conftrued to affcd any Contrad or Agreement made or entered into under or in purfuahce of any of the laid Ads, but all fuch Contrads or Agreements (hall be carried into Execution in the Dune manner as if this Ad had not been made and palled.

II.	And be it further enaded. That from and after the paffing of Regulation* for this Ad, the faid United Company or their Court of Directors (hall not hire or take up on Freight, for the Service of the faid Company, Compsoy. any Ship or Ships other than fuch as (hall be contraded for or hired in manner hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay, that from time to time whenever the faid United Company (hall have occalion' to contrad for the Hire of any Ship or Ships to be built for their Service, the Court of Diredors of the faid United Company fhall give. Notice thereof by public Advertifement, and therein ftate the Burthen of the Ship or Ships -wanted, the Dimenfions or Scantlings of Timbers and Planks, Number of Guns, manner of building, providing, furnifhing and (taring fuch Ships, the time to be allowed for building (which (hall be as long as reasonably may be), and other Particulars necefiary to enable Perfons to judge of the Expence thereof, and the proper Rate of Freight for fuch Ships refpedively, or (hall refer to printed Terms and Conditions to be delivered by their proper Officer; and the faid Advertifement (hall fix a time, not lets than Four Weeks from the Publication thereof, for receiving Propofols in Writing, foaled up, for building and freighting the fome to the faid Company, fuch Propofols to fpecify the lowed Rates of Freight for each and every Voyage iu time of Peace required for fuch Ships, for 'fuch Number of Voyages, not lefe than Six as the faid Court of Diredors (hall foe fit from time to time to fix, to and from India or China, or elfowhere, within the Limits of the Charter of the foid United Company, to be employed iu Trade and in Warfare or otherwife, as (hall be thought proper by the foid Company if the foid Ships refpedively (hall fo long be fit for the Company's Service; and that all the Tenders or Propofols Which (hall be made in purfuance of fuch Notices, (hall be put into a Box locked and foaled, which (hall not' be opened except publicly iu a Court of Diredors, and the Contents of fuch Propofols refpeftively (ball be entered in a Book, and the Propofols offering the loweft Peace Freight fhall be accepted without Favour or Partiality, fubjed to the foveral Provifions in this Ad contained} and in cafe more Ships than (hall be wanted at the time of confidering fuch Propofols fhall be tendered to be built at the fome low Freight, then the Court of Diredors (hall determine by Lot which of the faid Propofols fhall be accepted, and the fome (hall be accepted accordingly, fubjed to the foversl Provifions in this Ad contained.

4 III. And Whereas it may happen that Ships which may have 4 been built for the Service of the foid United Company^ and which 4 have performed or completed, or hereafter may perform or com-4 pkte, the Number of Voyages for which they have been or hen-

Z 4	4	after

344

C. 83.

58® GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Court of Directors may again engage Ships for a limited Number of Voyages after the Expiration of their Contracts.

Betides Peace Freight, Allowance in refpeCt of Charges anting to Owners in time of War.

Tables of average current Prices of building and outfit for Ships, and of piobable Expence for federal Voyages for which any Ship ihall have contracted, to be figned and hung up in the India Houfe.

‘ after may be contracted to ferve the faid Company, may be in

*	{bund and proper Condition to perform a further Voyage or further

•	Voyages in the Service of the faid United Company;' Be it therefore further enatted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Direftors of the faid United Company, if they (hall fee fit, in the manner and according to the Provi(ions herein contained, as to hiring Ships to be built for the Service of the faid Company, to advertife for Propofals for any fuch Ships which have performed and completed, or hereafter (hall have performed and completed the Centrals by which they were built for the faid United Company, again to be tendered for the Service of the faid United Company; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Directors again to hire and take up any fuch Ship or Ships fo tendered for tne Service of the faid United Company, for an additional Voyage, or for fuch Number of additional Voyages to and from India or China or elfewhere within the Limits ot the Charter «of the faid United Company, as the faid Court of Directors (hall fee fit, beyond and after the Performance of the Voyages for which any fuch Ship or Ships refpeCtively have been or (hall be engaged by any prior Contra# or Contra#s to ferve the faid Company; provided that all fuch Ships (hall be fit or (hall be capable of being repaired and made 'fit to ferve the faid Company for fuch additional Voyage or Voyages: Provided always, that the Peace Freight and additional Allowance to be paid for any fuch Ship or Ships to be taken up for any additional Voyage or Voyages (hall not exceed the Rate of Peace Freight paid for fuch Ships refpeCtively under the laft Contracts refpeCtively by which they have been engaged in the Service of the faid United Company, together with fuch additional Allowance as (he might eventually be entitled to under this A#, in refpeCt of ariy Voyage for which (he might be afloat to proceed upon in time of Peace.

IV* And be it further enaCted, That over and befides the Peace Freight for Ships built or to be built and hired or to be hired for the Service of the faid United Company, the Court of Directors of the faid Company (hall be at Liberty to make fuch Allowances to the Owners of the (aid Ships, from Voyage to Voyage, in refpeCt of the additional Charges, if any, arifing to the faid Owners ia time of War or Hoftilities, or of Preparations for War or Hostilities, as the faid Court of Directors (hall think right and juft.

V. And be it further enaCted, That the Court of Directors of the faid United Company (hall and‘they are hereby required to caufe to be prepared, once in every Year, by the Mafter Attendant or other proper Officer or Officers of the faid United Company, Tables of the average current Prices for the time being of the Articles of building and dutfit for Ships to be engaged in the Service of the faid United Company, and Tables of the probable total Coft and Expence of fuch Building and Outfit for the feveral Voyages for which any Ship or Ships (hall have been contracted for or hired, diftinguifhing the probable Ex pence of each Voyage of Ships of l he different Sizes actually engaged or which may be engaged in the Service of the faid Company; .which Tables, when ugned by the Mafter Attendant or other proper Officer or Officers of .the faid United Company, and when approved and allowed by their Court of Directors, (hall be fairly transcribed aid figned by the Secretary

or

58* GEO. III.

C. 83.

845

or Affiftant Secretary of the faid Company, by Order of the faid Court of Dire&ors, and (hall be left or hung up m fome public Office in the Eajl India Houfe, for the Perufal and Infpe&ion, at feafonable timet and in a reafonable manner, of all Perfons whom it may con-* cem, with Liberty for them, at fuch times and in fuch manner as aforefaid, to make and take Copies and Extra&s thereof; and the Firft of fuch Tables or Sets of Tables' (hall be made and completed within Four Months next after the palling of this A ft, and afterwards fuch Tables or fuch Sets of Tables (hall from time to time be made and completed between the Firft Day of June and the Firft Day of OSober in every Year.

VI. And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the Conclu-lion of any War or Hoftilities which may hereafter Jake place, when any Ship which now is or hereafter (hall be in the Service of the faid United Company, under or by virtue of any Contra& made or entered into (ince the T wentieth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred 4nd fifteen, or hereafter to be made or entered into, (hall come afloat, to proceed upon any Voyage in Execution of any fuch Contract in time of Peace, then the Court of Dire&ors (hall caufe, as to all Ships now in the Service of the faid United Company, the Tables or Sets of Tables firft to be completed, approved and allowed after the paffing of this Ad, as hereinbefore mentioned ; and as to all Ships which (hall hereafter be contraded for in time of Peace, the Tables or Sets of Tables which (hall have been completed, approved and allowed next immediately before fuch Ships fhall have been refpedively contraded for ; and as to all Ships which hereafter (hall be contraded for in time of War or Hoftilities, or of Preparations for War or Hoftilities, the Tables or Sets of Tables which (hall have been completed, approved and allowed next immediately before the Commencement of fuch War or Hoftilities, or of fuch Preparations for War or Hoftilities, to be compared with the Tables or Sets of Tables which (hall have been completed, approved and allowed next before fuch Ships (hall come afloat in time of Peace to proceed on fuch Voyage $ and if it (hall appear on fuch Comparifon that the probable Coft of the Outftt of fuch Ship for the Voyage on which fuch Ship (hall be about to proceed, (hall exceed the Amount eftimated by the Tables or Sets of Tables with which fuch Comparifon (hall be made, as the probable Coft of Outfit of a Ship of the fame or as nearly as may be of the fame Size for a iimilar Voyage, by One tcuth Part of fuch laft mentioned Amount, then the Owners of fuch Ship (hall be entitled for that Voyage to an additional Allowance, at a Rate which, calculated upon the chartered Tonnage of fuch Ship, (hall be equal to fuch probable Excefs, to be determined finally and conclufively by Order of the faid Court of Dire&ors: Provided always, that the Owner or Owners of fuch Ship ffiall have entered into an Agreement with the faid Court of Directors, that if upon fuch Comparifon as aforefaid the probable Coft of the Outfit of fuch Ship for fuch Voyage ps aforefaid (hall be found to fall below the Amount eftimated by the Tables or Sets of Tables aforefaid by One tenth Part of fuch laft mentioned Amount as aforefaid, then the faid Court of Directors (hall be. at liberty to make an Abatement from the Freight to which fuch Ship would be entitled under its Contrag, at a Rate which* calculated upon the chartered Tonnage of fuch Ship, (hall be equal to fuch probable Diminution

of

After Condu-fion of War, on any Ship coming afloat to proceed on Voy-age, Court of . Dire&ors to caufe TaMes herein mentioned to be compared with other Tablet, and on a certain refult of fuch Comparifon to make additional Allowance to Owners.

In what cafe Abatement made*

C.83.

58' GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

In what cafes Abatements not made.

Tn what cafe Comparison of Coda of Outfit and eventual additional Allowance may be made.

In what cafe no additional Allowance.

What confidered a time of Peace.

When additional Charges for War paid.

Court of Directors may on Notice take up ready built Ships for their Service, in cads of unfore-feen Exigency.

of Coft of Outfit $ the find Abatement to be in like manner determined finally and condufively by the faid Court of Diredors: Provided always, that the Owners of the feveral Ships which are already in the Service of the faid United Company under Contra&s made fince the Twentieth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, (hall not be entitled to any fuch additional Allowance, nor fubjed to any fuch Abatement, until after a War or Hoftilities (hall have taken place and have been concluded: Provided alfo, that the Owners of Ships hereafter to be contracted for in time of Peace to enter into the Service of the faid United Company (hall not be entitled to any fuch Allowance, nor fubjedt to any luch Abatement, in refpedt of any Voyage to be performed during the Continuance of the Peace in which the feveral Contradts for fuch Ships (hall have been entered into: Provided alfo, that fuch Owners of Ships hereafter to he contradted for in time of War or Hoftilities to enter into the Service of the faid United Company, as (hall have entered into fuch Agreement as before mentioned, (hall he entitled to U Companion of the Cofts.of. their Outfits refpedively, and to any eventual additional Allowance which may become due to them thereupon in refpedt of every Voyage whicn the faid Ships (hall refpedively come afloat to proceed upon in time of Peace : Provided always, that no additional Allowance (hall be payable in time of Peace to the Owners of any Ship, under or by .virtue of this Adi, for any Voyage ift refped of which the Owners of fuch Ship (hall be entitled, under or by virtue of this or any former Ad, to any Payment iff refpedt of any additional Charges arifing in time of War or Hoftilities, or of Preparations for War or Hoftilities: Provided alfo, that any time when Owners of Ships (hall not be fo entitled to any Payment in refpedt of any additional Charges arifing in time of War or Hoftilities, or of Preparations for War or HoftiUtiea, (hall be deemed and confidered a time of Peace within the Meaning of this Ad: Provided always, that the additional Charges (if any) which may be incurred by reafon of any Ship being built during a time of War or Hoftilities, or of Preparations for War or Hoftilities, (hall and may be paid to the Owners of fuch Ship, although (he may come afloat to proceed on her firft Voyage in time of Peace.

VII. And be it further enaded, That in cafes of unforeseen Exigency, which cannot be anfwered conveniently by any Ship or a fufficient Number of Ships in the Service of the faid Company, and which will not admit of Delay, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Diredors, or for any one of their feveral Governments abroad, to hire any Ship or Ships which can be procured to anfwer fuch Exigency; provided that Public Notice (hall be given by Advertisement of the Ships and Tonnage wanted and the Service required, Fourteen Days at lead previous to the time appointed for taking up the fame; and the Propofols to be made in purfuance of fuch Advertifement (hall be put into a Box locked and Sealed, which (ball not be opened except publicly in a Court of Diredors, or by the Governor and Council or Chief Agents of the faid Company at any Place within the Limits of the Charter of die faid Compan/ where, it (hall be oeceflaiy to hire any fuch Ship or Ships; and then the lowed Tender or Tenders (hall be accepted, without Favour or Partiality, if it or they (hall be deemed ieafonable, and if upon a due Examination and Survey the Ship or Ships ten-

14	dered

58° GEO. IIL

C.83#

347

dered (hall appear in all refpefts fit far the Service required: Provided always, that the Engagement or Employment of fnch Ships fhall not extend beyond the Duration of the particular Service for which they fhall have been fpeeifically hired.

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further fcnafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Dire&ors of the faid United Company, or their faid Governments abroad, in cafes of unforeseen and prefling Exigency, to hire and take up by private 'Contraft, with or without advertifing, any. Ship or Ships whatsoever for any particular Purpofe; provided that no fuch Ship fhall be‘hired or taken up for more than One Voyage, and that the Reafons for taking up any fuch Ship or Ships at Home in left time than Fourteen Days as aforefaid after the Publication of an Advertifement, be ftated in the Minutes of the faid Court of Directors, and reported to the Court of Proprietors that fhall next be holden after fuch hiring and taking up; and that the Reafons for taking up any fnch Ship or Ships abroad in lefs time than Fourteen Days after the Publication of an Advertifement as aforefaid, be ftated in the Minutes of the Proceedings of the^Government by which fuch Ship or Ships fhall be taken up, and be communicated to the Court of Direftors as food as conveniently may be afterwards.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Directors of the faid United Company to hire and take up by private Contraft, without advertifing, any Ship or Ships engaged or to be engaged in His Majefty’s Tranfport or other Service to carry Convifts or Stores to Heto South Walts, the Cape of Good Hope, or Ceylon, or elfewhere within the Limits of the Charter of the faid United Company, for the Purpofe of bringing Cargoes from China or India, at fuch Rate of Freight and Demurrage as they (hall judge to be reafonable, fo as no fuch Ship (hall be hired or taken up for more than One Voyage.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Directors of the faid United Company, if they fhall fee fit, in the manner and according to the Provifions herein contained as to hiring Ships to be built for the Service of the faid Company, to advertife for, hire and take up for Trade and Warfare and any other Service, or for Trade only, or any fpecific Service, as the faid Court of Direftors fhall fee fit, anj Ship or Ships, whether built exprefsly for the Service of the faid United Company or any other Service, and whether new Ships or Ships which fhall have been then before employed in any Service whatfo-ever, fo as the regiftered Meafurement of fuch Ships fhall not be more than Eight hundred Tons, for One Voyage, or for a Voyage out or a Voyage home, as the faid Court fhall think proper, to and from, Or to or from any Ports or Places, Port or Place whatsoever, within the Limits of the faid Company’s Charter, except the Dominions of the Emperor of China.

XI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained fhall authorize the Employment by the faid Company of any- Veffel, the regiftered Meafurement of which Veffel fhall be under the Burthen pfeferibed by an Aft of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aafbr continuing in the Eaffc India Company or a further Terin the Pojfman of the Britifh Territories in Indiaf together with certain enctufive

Privileges ;

Duration of fuch Engagements.

In cafes of u»-forefeen Exigency, Ships may be taken up for One Voyage only by private Contraft.

Ships as herein mentioned may be hired by private Contraft, for Voyage* from China or India.

Ships herein mentioned of e certain limited Meafurement may be employed for a Voyage out or home, to any Place except

China.

But not to authorise the Employment of any Ship under the Meafurement preferibed by 53 O. 3. c. 155•

S48

58» GEO. Ill,

A.D.1818.

■Provifo for building a Ship in room of one loft.

A fpecial Court alfembled.

Proceedings.

C, 83.

Privileges ; for ejlablifhing further Regulations for the Government of the feud Territories, and the better Admint/lration of Jujlue within the fame ; and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the faid Company9s Charter; or which may be pre* Scribed by any A A hereafter to be palled for Veffels carrying on Trade between the United Kingdom and the Places within the Limits of the Eajl India Company’s Charter.

XII.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Ship which now is, or which lince the Twentieth Day of Novemhtr One thoXifand eight hundred and fifteen hath been, or which hereafter (hall be engaged in the Service of the faid United Company, under a Contract to ferve the faid Company for Six Voyages, hath been or (hall be loft or captured before the Completion of her Fifth Voyage, if upon a full Inveftigation of the Circumftances of fuch .Lofs by the faid Court of Dire&ors, or fome Committee thereof, the Commander and Owners of fuch Ship fhall be fully acquitted from all Imputation of Negle& or Mifcondulf in refped of fuch Lofs, in the Opinion of Eighteen Dire&ors at leaft, at a Court fpecially affembled for the Purpofe of taking the faid ‘Commander’s and the Owner’s Conduit into Confideratfon : Provided always, that fuch Vote or Refolution of the Court of Directors (hall be reported to a General Court of Proprietors, and after fuch Report iiich Vote or Refolution of the faid Court of Directors (hall be confirmed, by way of Ballot, by Three Parts in Four of the Proprietors affembled in General Court fpecially convened for that Purpofe, whereof Eight Days’ previous Notice of the Time and Purpofe of fuch Meeting (hall be given in the London Gazette; then if fuch Commander (hall be then living, or if he (hall be dead, then if the Chief Officer of the faid Ship (hall be living ( having already performed One Voyage at leaft as Chief or Second Officer!, and fhould have exerted himfelf honourably for the Defence and Safety of the loft Ship, either in Fight or Diftrefs at Sea, and (hall bq acquitted is manner hereinbefore mentioned from all Imputation of Negled or Mifcondult in refpeft of fuch Lofs, and fuch Acquittal (hall alfo be confirmed in manner hereinbefore mentioned, from all Imputation. of Negled or Mifcondud in refped of fuch Lofs, and fuch Acquittal mall alfo be confirmed in manner hereinbefore mentioned, then it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Court of Directors, os behalf of the faid United Company, to enter into an Agreement with the Owners of fuch Ship fo loft, or their Representatives; or if fuch Owners or their Representatives fhould omit or decline, for the Space of Three Calendar Months after the faid Vote of Acquittal, to enter into fuch Agreement, then it fhmjl be lawful for the faid Court of Dire&ors, on behalf of the faid United Company, to enter into an Agreement with any Perfon or Perfons of fufficient Refpoo-fibility, and able to give reafonable Security, who (hall be nominated in Writing under the Hand of the Commander of fuch loll Ship, if fuch Commander (hall be living and able to ferve, and if not, then with any Perfon or Perfons of fufficient Refponfibility, and able to give reafonable Security, who (hall be nominated in Writing under the Hand of the Chief Officer of fuch loft Ship, if he (halite living and able to Serve, to build another Ship of fuch Size as the faid United Company (hall have Occafion for, to be employed by them for Six or more Voyages, as (hall be agreed by the faid Court of Jjired-

ors,

58° GEO. III.

a 83,

3M

on, at the loweft. Rate of Peace Freight, with the Benefit or fuch other Allowances as are provided or permitted by this Ad to be paid, which fhall be payable in refpeH of the Ship of a fimilar Size, or as near as may be of a fimilar Size, to the Ship about to be built, which fhall have been contraHed for, for Six Voyages at leaft, lafb before the ContraH for the Ship inftead of fuch loft Ship fhall be entered into : Provided always, that fuch Ship fo to be built inftead of fuch loft Ship fhall be commanded in the firft Inftance by the Captain of the loft Ship, if he (hail be living and able to ferve, and failing of him, by the faid Chief Officer of the loft Ship, if be fhall be living and able to ferve; and unlefs either the Commander or Chief Officer of the loft Ship fhall be living and able to ferve, when the Contrail for building a Ship inftead of the loft Ship fhall be entered into, it fhall .not be lawful for the faid United Company or their Court of DireHors to enter into any Agreement for building a Ship inftead of fuch loft Ship, otherwife than by Public Competition as hereinbefore mentioned.

XIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaHed, That nothing herein contained fhall extend or be con ft rued to extend to oblige the faid Court of DireHors, or any of the Governments of the faid Company abroad upon any Occafion, to accept any Tender or Tenders, Propofal or Propofals, which they fhall deem to be unreasonable, and for the Performance of which reasonable Security fhall not be given \ or to enter into any Agreement on any fuch Propofal, although fuch Tender or Tenders, Propofal or Propofals may be the loweft and mod advantageous which may be offered j nor fhall this All or any thing herein contained extend or be conftrued to extend to vefl in the Owner or Owners of any Ship or Ships, or any Perfon or Perfons, making or offering any Tender or Tenders, Propofal or Propofals, any Right or Pretenfion which fuch Owner or Owners, Perlon or Perfons, would not have had if the feveral Provifions hereby repealed or this AH had not been paffed.

XIV.	Provided alfo. That nothing herein contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend in anywife to relate to any of the Ships or Veffels belonging to or employed in the Marine War Eftablifhment of the faid United Company in the Eajl Indies ; but it (hall and may be lawful to and for the laid United Company and their Court of DireHors, and Servants abroad,’ to hire, take up and employ Veffels for thofe Purpofes only, in fuch manner as they fhall fee fit; nor fhall this AH extend or be any ways deemed in any way to prevent the faid United Company or their Court of DireHors, or any of their Officers or Servants, from caufing any Goods to be loaded and carried on their Account on board any private Ship or Veffel, though not chartered to or in the Service of the faid United Company.

XV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaHed, That all and every and fo much and fuch Parts of the Bye Laws, Rules and Regulations of the faid United Company and of their Court of DireHors, now in force, and her^aftet to be made, any way relating to Shipping Concerns of the faid Company, and to the Commanders and Officers in their Service, which are not or fhall not be inconfiftent with or repugnant to the Provifions hereby enaHed, fhall remain and be of the fame Validity, Force and EffcH, and fhall be obferved in like manner to all Intents and Purpofes, as the fame Bye Law, Rules and Regulations, or fuch Parts thereof as aforefaid, would have been in force,

and

Command ta be given to the Captain of the loft Ship, See.

Court of Di-rc&ors not obliged to enter two any unrea-fun able Contra#, &c.

Provifo for Veffels belonging to War Maiiuc Efta-bluhmenii in India; and for Company con-ffgning Goods by private Ships.

Company’s Bye Laws, where not inconfiftent with this A#, to re- • main iu fuice.

350

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

57 0.3. c. no.

Court of Dirac, ten empowered te make Allow-aacct to certain Ships excluded from the Benedt of the recited

A a.

Marriages fo-lemmsedin India before 31ft December b j Mmifters of the Church of Scotland to be of the fame Force as if fblemnised by Clergymen of the Church of England; and

C.83, 84.

and ought to hare been mbferved, if this Aft had not been made, or to retrain the faid Company from repealing or making any Bye Lawi, fo as they (hall not be inconfiftent with the Provifions herein contained ; this Adt or any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithfts^nding.

4 XVI. And Whereas an Adi was pa (Ted in the lad Seffion of Par-4 liament, intituled An Ad to authority the Court 0/ Diredors of the 4 Eaft India Company to make extraordinary Allowances in certain 4 cafes to the Owners of certain Ships in the Service of the faid Com•

4 pony s And Whereas certain Ships now in the Service of the (aid 4 United Company, called The Herefordjhire, Atlas, Bridrewater,

4 General Harris, VanJittarU and General Kyd, were excluded horn 4 the Benefit of the faid A£t» becaufe the Loflcs <0 which the 4 Owen of the (aid Ships had been fubje&eddid not arife out of Con-4 tra&s framed in ftri& Conformity to the faid A& of the Thirty 4 ninth of George the Third: And Whereas the faid Contract, fo 4 far as they differed from Contra&s framed in drift Conformity with 4 the faid Adi of the Thirty ninth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, 4 were framed on Principles nearly approximating to thofe which are 4 laid down in the prefent Adi for the Government of all future 4 Contra&s for hiring Ships by the Eajl India Company; and it 4 is fair and reafonable that fome additional Allowances (hould now 4 be made to the Owners of the faid fix Ships, in refpecl of the 4 Voyages performed by them under the faid Contradfcs fince the Ter-4 mination of the War, or dill remaining to be fo performed:’ Be it therefore enadled, That after the paffing of this Aft it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Court of Directors to make fuch Allowances to the Owner or Owners of each of the faid Ships, in refped of any Voyages performed fince the Twentieth of November One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, or remaining to be performed under their afore faid Contrafts, as the (aid Court of Directors would hate been empowered to make to the Owner or Owners of fuch Ship, if the Name of fuch Ship had been included in the faid Ad of the lift Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An A & to remove Doubts as to the Validity of certain Marriages had and Solemnized within the Britijb Territories in India.	[5th June	1818.]

4 YT7HEREAS Doubts have arifen concerning the Validity pf 4 W Marriages which have been had and Solemnized within the 4 Brit Mb Territories in India9 by Ordained Minifters of the Church 4 of Scotland as by Law eftablifhed: And Whereas it is expedient 4 that fuch Doubts (hould be quieted, and that the Law refpeft-4 ing fuch Marriages (hould be declared for. the future 5* Be it declared and enafted j and it is hereby declared and enafted, by The King’s Mod Excellent Maiefty, by and with the Advic? and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, iu this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the Tame, That all Marriages heretofore had and Solemnized, or which (hall be had and Solemnized within the faid Territories in* Indtaf before the Thirty firft Day of December now next' enfutng, by Ordained Minifters of the Church of Scotland us by Law eftabmhed, (hall be,

and

58® GEO. III.

SSI

C. 84, 85.

after that Period, Marriages be. tween l’erfons oiie or both of the Church of Scotland by Minitters of that Communion, and appointed by E. I. Com. paoy, valid.

and /hall be adjudged, efteetued and taken to have been, and to be, of the fame and no other Force and Effeft aa if fuch Marriages had been had and folemnized by® Clergymen of the Church of Eng* land, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England; and that from and after the faid Thirty firft Day of December now next enfuing, all Marriages between Perfons, both or one of fuch Perfons being Members or Member of or holding Communion with the Church of Scotland and making a Declaration to the Efieft hereinafter mentioned, which Marriages (hall be had and folemnized within the Britijb Territories in India, by Ordained Mi-nifters of tfie Church of Scotland as by Law eftabliftied, and appointed by the United -Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies to officiate aa Chaplains within the faid Territo- * ries, (hall be, and (hall be adjudged, efteemed and taken to be, of the fame and no other Force and Effe& as if fuch Marriages were had and folemnized by Clergymen of the Church of England according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England:

Provided always, that from and after the faid Thirty firft Day of December, no luch Marriage as afore faid (hall be had and folemnized, till both or one of fuch Perfons, as the cafe may be, (hall have figued a 'Declaration in Writing, in Duplicate, ftating that they, or he or (he, 'as the cafe may be, are or is Members or Member of or holding Conimunion with the Church of Scotland by Law eftablilked.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the Miftifter by whom fuch Marriage (hall be folemnized, (hall, immediately upon the Solemnization thereof, certify fuch Marriage by a Writing under his Hand in Duplicate, fubjoined to or indorfed upon the Declaration in Duplicate hereinbefore mentioned, fpecifying in fuch Certificate the Names and Defcriptions of the Parties between* whom and of the Witneftes in whofe Prefence the faid Marriage has been had and folemnized, and the time and Place of the Celebration of the fame ; and fuch Certificate in Duplicate (hall be alfo figned forthwith by the Parties entering into fuch Marriage, and by the Witneftes to the fame; and the Mmifter officiating (hall deliver One Duplicate of fuch Declaration and Certificate to the Perfons married, or to One of them, and (hall tranfmit the other Duplicate of fuch Declaration and Certificate to the Chief Secretary of Government at the Pre-Prefidency within which fuch Marriage (hall have been had and folemnized.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Aft to carry into Execution a Convention made between His Majefty and the King of Portugal, for the preventing Traffic in Slaves.	%	[5th	June	1818.]

*	WWHEREAS an additional Convention to a Treaty of the Convention,

*	VV Twenty fecond of January One thoufand eight hundred da*ed Jan® **•

*	and fifteen, was made between His Majefty and His moft Faithful 1 I5’ reci c * < Majefty the King of Portugal, for the Purpofe of preventing illicit

*	Traffic in Slaves, and figned at fjondon on theTwenty eighth Day ‘ of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen : And Whereas ‘ it was, in the firft Article of the faid Convention, declared to be

*	the Objeft of the faid Convention, to prevent the refpeftive Sub-

* jefts

Declaration by Parties.

Mmifter to certify Marriage; and deliver Duplicate of Certificate figned by Partifta to Party, and tranfmit another to Secretary of Prefidency.

352

C.85.

58° GEO. III.

A»D. 1818,

*	je&s of His Majelly and His mod Faithful Majefty, from carrying ‘ on an illicit Slave Trade; and it was alfo thereby declared, that

*	every Traffic in Slaves carried on under the following Circum-1 fiances, (hould be confidered as illicit; Firft, either by Briti/b Ships 4 and under the Briti/b Flag, or for the Account of Brftifb Sub*

4 jeds by any VefTel or under any Flag whatfoever; Second, by

*	Portuguefc Veffels in any of the Harbours or Roads of the Coaft 4 of Africa* which are prohibited by the Firft Article of the 4 Treaty of the Twenty fecond of January One thoufand eight

*	hundred and fifteen ; Third, under the Portuguefc or Brit'ifi

*	Flag, for the Account of the Subjeds of any otfier Govern-4 ment; Fourth, by Portuguefc Veffels bound for any Port not in

*	the Dominions of His moil Faithful Majefty : And Whereas it

*	was by the Second Article of the faid ^Convention declared and

*	agreed, that the Territories in which the Traffic in Slaves continues 4 to be permitted under the Treaty of the Twenty fecond of Jan*-

*	any One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, to the Subject of

*	His moft Faithful Majefty, are the following | Firft, the Terri-

*	tones poffefTed by the Crown of Portugal upon the Coaff of

*	Africa to the South of the Equator, that is to fay, upon the i

*	Eaftern Coaft of Africa* the Territory lying between Cape Del-4 gado and the Bay of Lourcnco Marques* and upoir the Weftem ‘ Coaft, ail that which is fituated from the Eighth to the Eighteenth

*	Degree of South Latitude ; Second, thofe Territories on the Coaft

*	of Africa to the South of the Equator, over which His moft Faith-

*	ful Majefty has declared that he has retained his Rights, namely,

*	the Territories of Molembo and Cabinda upon the Weftern Coat! |

*	of Africa, from the Fifth Degree Twelve Minutes to the Eighth

*	Degree South Latitude : And Whereas by the Third Article of 4 the faid Convention, His moft Faithful Marjefty engaged, within 4 the Space of Two Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications ‘ of the faid Convention, to promulgate in his Capital and in the 4 other Parts of his Dominions, as foon as poffible, a Law which

*	(hould prescribe the Puniffiment of any of His Subjects who may 4 in future participate in' an illicit Traffic of Slaves, and at the 4 fame time to renew the Prohibition which already exifts, to import 4 Slaves iuto the Brazils* under any Flag other than that of Per-4 tugal; and His moft Faithful Majefty alfo engaged to aflimilate,

* as much as poffible, the Legiflation of Portugal* in this refped,

* to tha* of Great Britain : And Whereas it was, by the Fourth

*	Article of the faid Convention, declared and agreed, that every 4 Portuguefc Veffel which (hould be deftined for the Slave Trade 4 on any Point of the African Coaft whfre the Traffic in Slaves 4 (houid ftill continue to be lawful, muft be provided with a Royal 4 Paffport, conformable to the Model annexed to the faid Conven-4 tion, and which Model formed an integral Part of the fame, aBd 4 that every fuch Paffport muft be written in the Portuguefc Lan-4 guage, with an authentic Tranflation in Englifh anifexed thereto,

4 and muft be figned, for all thofe Veffeis fading from the Port of 4 Rio Janeiro by the Miqifter of Marine, and for all other Veffeb 4 which may be intended for the faid Traffic, and which may fail 4 from any other Ports of the Brazils* or from any other of the 4 Dominions of His moft Faithful ‘Majefty, not in Europe, the 4 Paffport* muft be figued by the Governor in Chief of the Captaincy

• tu

C. 85%

85S

*	to which the Port belongs, and as to thofe Veflels which may

*	proceed from the Ports of Portugal muft be (igned by the Secre-4 tary of • the Government for the Marine Department: And 4 Whereas it was declared and agreed, by tli* Fifth Article of 4 the faid Convention, that the Ships of War of the refpedive -Royal 4 Navies of His Majefty and His moft Faithful Majefty, which 4 (hall be provided with fpecial Inftru&ions for that Purpofe, as 4 hereinafter provided, may vifit fuch Merchant Veflels of the Two 4 Nations as may be fufpe&ed, upon reafonable Grounds, of having 4 Slaves on board acquired by an illicit Traffic; and in the Event 4 only of their a&ually finding Slaves on board may detain and 4 bring away fuch Veflels, in order that they may be brought to 4 Trial before the Tribunals eftablifhed for that Purpofe, as fpe* 4 cified in the faid Convention $ provided that the Commanders of

*	the Ships of War of the Two .Royal Navies, who {hall be em-4 ployed on this Service, (hall adhere ftri&ly to the exad Tenor 4 of the Inftru&ions which they (hall have received for that Pur-4 pofe ; and that as the faid Article is entirely reciptocal, the Two 4 High Contrafling Parties engaged in the faid Article mutually to 4 make good any Lofles which their refpe&ive Snbje&s may incur 4 unjuftly, by the arbitrary and illegal Detention of their Veflels, 4 and that this Indemnity (hall invariably be borne by the Govem-4 ment whofe Cruizer (hall have been guilty of the arbitrary De-4 tention ; provided that the Vifit and * Detention of Slave Ships 4 fpecified in the faid Article, (hall only be effeded by thofe Britijb 4 or Portuguefe Veflels which may form Part of the Two Royal 4 Navies, and by thofe only of fuch Veflels which are provided with 4 the fpecial Inftru&ions annexed to the faid Convention: And 4 Whereas it was declared and decreed by the* Sixth Article of the 4 faid Convention, that no Britijb or Portuguefe Cruizer (hall detain 4 any Slave Ship not having Slaves adually on board ; and in order 4 to render lawful the Detention of any Ship, whether Briiifb or 4 Portuguefe, the Slaves found on board fuch Veflel muft have been 4 brought there for the exprefs Purpofe of the Traffic, and thofe on 4 board Portuguefe Ships muft have been taken from that Part of the 4 Coaft of Africa where the Slave Trade was prohibited by the 4 Treaty of the Twenty fecond of January One thoufand eight 4 hundred and fifteen: And Whereas it was declared and agreed, 4 by the Seventh Article ofthe faid Convention, that all Ships of 4 War of the Two Nations which (hall hereafter he deftined to pre-4 vent the illicit Traffic in Slaves, (hall be furniflied by their own 4 Government with a Copy of the Inftru&ions annexed to the faid 4 Convention, and which (hall be confidered as an integral Part 4 thereof, and that fuch Inftru&ions (hall be written in PoHuguefe 4 and Engltfby and (igned for the Veflels of each of the. Two 4 Powers, by the Minifter of their refpedive Marine, with a Re* 4 fervation of the Faculty of altering the laid Inftru&ions, in Whole 4 or in Part, according to Ctrcumftaocea; it being however well 4 underftood, that the faid Alterations cannot take place but by 4 common Agreement, and by the Confent of the Two High Con-4 trading Parties s And Whereas it was, by the Eighth Article of 4 the faid Convention agreed, that in order to bring to Adjudication 4 with the leaft Delay and Inconvenience, the Veflels which may. be 4 detained for having, been engaged in afi illicit Traffic in Slaves,

58 Gso. III.	A	a	4	there

C. 8a«

58° GEO. Ill

A.D.181S,

, 354

there diall be eftablifhed, * within the Space of a Year at furthcft from the Exchange of the Ratifications of the faid Contention, Two mixed Commiffions, formed of an equal Number of Individuals of the Two Nations, named for the Purpofe by their refpe&ive Sovereigns ; and that thofe Commiffions (hall refide, one in a PofTefiion belonging to His Majefty, the other within the Territories of His moft Faithful Majefty; and that the Two Governments, at the Period of the Exchange of the Ratifications of the faid Convention, (hould declare, each lor its own Dominions, in what Placet the Com million a (hall refpedively refide, each of the Two fi>gh Contracting Parties referving to itfelf the Right of changing at its Pleafure the Place of ’Refidence of the Com-million held within its own Dominions; provided however that one of the Two Commiffions (hall always be held upon the Coaft of Africa, and the other in the Brauils ; and that thefe Commiffions (ball judge the Caufes fubmitted to them, without Appeal, and according to the Regulations and Inftru&ions annexed to the faid Convention, of which they (hall be confidered as an integral Part: And Whereas by the Ninth Article of the faid Convention, His Britannic Majefty, in conformity with the Stipulations of the Treaty of the Twenty fecond of January One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, engaged to grant, in the manner hereinafter explained, fufficient Indemnification to all the Proprietors of Par-tuguefe VefTels and Cargoes captured by Brki/b Cruizert, between the Firft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, and the Period at which the Two Corainifiioners pointed out in the-Eighth Article of the faid Convention (hall aflemble at their \ refpe&ive Pofts ; and His Majefty and His moft Faithful Majefty did agree, that all Claims of the Nature before mentioned (hall be received and liquidated by a mixed Commiffion to be held it Londont and which (hall confift of an equal Number of the Isdiri-duaia of the Two Nations, named by their refpe&xve Sovereigns, and upon the fame Principles ftipulated by the Eighth Artide of the faid Convention, and by the other A6U which form an integral Part of the fame ; and that the aforefaid Commiffionert (hall commence their Fun&ions Six Months after the Ratification of the faid Convention, or foooer if poffible: And Whereas it was alfo by the faid Convention agreed, that the Proprietors of VefTels captured by the Briti/h Crulxers, cannot claim Compenfarion for a larger Number of Slaves than that which according to the exifting Laws of Portugal they were permitted to tranfport according to the Rate of Tonnage of the captured Veffel; and that every Portuneje Veffel captured with Slaves on board for the Traffic, which (haul be proved to have been embarked within the Territories of the Coaft of Africa (ituated to the North of Cape Palmast and not belonging to the Crown of Portugal, as well as all Portuguefc VefTels captured with Slaves on board for the Traffic, Six Months after the Exchange of the * Ratifications of the Treaty of the Twenty fccocd of January One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, and on which it can be proved that the aforefaid Slaves were embarked in the Roadfteads of the Coaft of Africa fituated to the North of the Eauator, fhall not be entitled to claim any Indemnification: And Whereas by the Tenth Article of the faid Convention, His Majefty engag'd .to pay, within, the (Space of a Yegr at furtheft from the

-	-	1	Dedfion

A.D.1919.

58° GEO. III.

C.85,

855

4 Decifion of each cafe, to the Individual having a juft Claim to the 4 Dune, the Sams which (hall be granted to thempy the Commiffioners

*	defcribed in the preceding Articles of the faid Convention: And

*	Whereat by the Eleventh Article of the faid Convention, His

*	Majefty engaged to pay the Three hundred thoufand Pounds 4 Sterling of Indemnification, ftipulated by the Convention of the 4 Twenty firft of January One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, in

*	favour of the Proprietors of Portugue/e VefTels captured by Briti/k 4 Cruisers up to the Period of the Firft of June One thoufand eiglit 4 hundred and fourteen, in the manner following ; videlicet, the Fird

*	Payment of One hundred and fifty thoufand Pounds Sterling, Six

*	Modths after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the Convention 4 recited by this Ad, and that the remaining One hundred and fifty 4 thoufand Pounds Sterling, as well as the Intereft at Five per 4 Centum due upon the total Sum, from the Day of the Exchange 4 of the Ratifications of the Convention of the Twenty firft of 4 January One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, (hould be paid 4 Nine Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the Con-4 vention recited by this Ad; and that the Intereft due (halljbe 4 payable up to the Day of the lad Payment; and that all the 4 aforefaid Payments (hau be made in London,. to the Minifter of 4 His mod Faithful Majefty at the Court of His Majefty, or to the 4 Perfons whom His mod Faithful Majefty (hall think proper to 4 authorise for that Purpofe: And Whereas it was by the Twelfth 4 Article of the faid Convention declared, that certain Ads or In-

*	ftruments annexed to the faid Convention (hould form an integral

*	Part thereof, and which were as follows; that is to fay, Firft, a 4 Form of Paflport for the Portugue/e Merchant Ships dedined for 4 the lawful Traffic in Slaves ; Secondly, Indrudions for the Ships 4 of War of both Nations deftfned to prevent the illicit Traffic m 4 Slaves ; Thirdly, Regulation for the mixed Commiffions which art 4 to hold their Sittings on the Coad of Africa, at the Brazils, and 4 in London: And Whereas the faid Indrudions before fecondly

*	referred to, and made an integral Part off the faid Convention, di<b 4 in the Fird Article thereof, provide that every Britifb or Portugue/e 4 Ship of War (hall have a Right to vifit the Merchant Ships of either 4 of the Two Powers adually engaged or fufpeded to be engaged

*	in tbe Slave Trade; and (hould any Slaves be found on board, 4 according tp the Tenor of the Sixth Article of the aforefaid « Additional Convention, and as to what regards the Portugue/e « Vefiels, (hould there be. Ground to fufped that.the faid Slaves nave 4 been embarked on a Part of the Coad of Africa where the Traffic < in Slaves can no longer be legally carried On, in confeqpence of the 4 Stipulations in force between the Two* High Contra&ing Powers,

*	in. thefe cafes alone the Commander of the faid Ship of wfar may 4 detain them, and having detained them, he is to bring them as 4 foon as poffible for Judgment before that of the Two mixed Com-4 millions appointed by the Eighth Article of the Convention which 4 /ball be neareft, or which the Commander of the' capturing Ship

*	(hall, upon his own Refponfibilitj, think he can fooneft reach from 4 tbe Spot where the Slaye Ship (ball have been detained ; and that 4 Ships on board of which no Slaves (hall be found, intended for the 4 Purpofea of Traffic, (hall not be detained on any Account or Pre-4 tence whatever; and that Negro Servants Sailors that may be

A a 2	4	found

S5G

C. 85.

58® GEO. III.

A. D. 1818.

4 found on board the faid Veffels cannot in any cafe be deemed a

*	fufficient Caufe for Detention : And Whereas it was by the Second 4 Article of the faid Inftruftions provided, that no Merchantman 4 or Slave Ship cam on any Account or Pretence whatever be vifited 4 or detained,* whilft in the Port or Roadftead belonging to either 4 of the Two High Contrafling Powers, or within Camion Shot of 4 The Batteries on Shore ; but in cafe fufpicious VefTels fhould be 4 found fo circum danced, proper Reprefentations may be addreffed 4 to the Authorities of the Country, requefting them to take effeftuil 4 Meafures for preventing fuch Abufest And Whereas it was alfo 4 provided, in the Third Article of the fajd In ft ru ft ion, in confe-4 quence of the immenfe Extent of the Shores of Africa to the North 4 of the Equator, alpng which this Commerce continues prohibited, ‘4 and the Facility thereby afforded for illicit Traffic, on Points where 4 either the total Abfence or at leaft the Diftance of lawful Autho-4 rities bar ready Accefs to thofe Authorities ; in order to prevent it,

*	and for tbe’more readily attaining the falutary End that His Majefty 4 and His moft Faithful Majefty did actually grant to each other the 4 Power, without Prejudice to the Rights of Sovereignty, to vifit 4 and detain, as if on the High Seas, any Veflel having Slaves on 4 board, even within Cannot Shot of the Shore of their refpe&ive 4 Territories on the Continent of Africa to the North of the Equator, 4 Jn cafe of there being no-local Authorities to whom Recourfe might 4 be had, as has been dated in the preceding Article; and that in

*	fuch cafe, Veffels fo vifited may be brought before the mixed Com-4 miflloncrs in the Form preferibed in the Firft Article of the faid ‘ Inftruftions; and it was alfo by the Fourth Article of the In-4 ftruftions provided, that no Portuguefe Merchantman or Slave Ship H (hall, on any Pretence whatever, be detained, which (hall be found 4 any where near the Land or oh the High Seas South of the 4 Equator, unlefs after a Chace that (hall have commenced North 4 of the Equator; and by the Fifth Article of the faid Indrudiooi, 1 that Portuguefe Veffels ftiroiflied with a regular Pa Upon, having 4 Slaves on board, (hipped at thofe Parts or the Coad of Afrit* 4 where the Trade is permitted to Portuguefe Subjefts, and which 4 (hall afterwards b£ found North of the Equator, (hall oot be

*	detained by the Ships of War of the Two Nations, though fumi/bed 4 vfrith the prefent Inftruftions, provided the fame can account for 4 their Coune, either in conformity with1 the Praftice of the Port*-4 gyefe Navigation, by (leering fome Degrees to the Northward in 4 fearch of fair W-inds, or for other legitimate Caufes, fuch as the 4 Dangers of the Sea, duly proved; or laftly, in the cafe of their 4 Pafiports proving :that they were bound tor a Portugufe Port 4 not within the.Continent oi Africa; provided always, that with 4 regard to all Slave Ships detained to the North of the Equator, 4 the Proof of the Legality of the Voyage is to be furoilhed by 4 the Veftel fo detained; on the other Hand, with refpeft to Slave 4 Ships detained to the South -of the Equator, in conformity with 4 the Stipulations of the preceding Article, the Proof of the Illegality 4 of the Voyage is to be exhibited by the Captor; it is in like manner 4 ftipulated, that the Number of Slaves found on board a Slave Ship 4 by the Cruixers, even’ (hould the Number not agree with that con-4 tained in their PalFpoft, (hall not be a fufficient Reafon to jufbfj 4 the Detention of the Ship, but the Captain and the Proprietors

4 dull

A.D. 1818.

56° GEO. III.

C. 85

857

(hall be denounced in the Portuguese Tribunals in the Brautlt, in order to their being puniftied according to the Laws of the Country : And Whereas it was by the Sixth Article of the faid Inftru&ions provided, that every Portuguefe Veffel intended to be employed in the legal Traffic in Slaves, in conformity with the Principles laid down in the faid Convention, (hall be commanded by a Native Portuguefe, and Two thirds at lead of the Crew (hall likewife be Portuguefe ; provided always, that its Portuguefe or Foreign Con-ftm&ion (hall in no wife affed its Nationalty, and that the Negro ■ Sailors (hail always be reckoned as Portuguefe, provided they belong as Slaves to Subjects of the Crown of Portugal\ or that they have been enfranchised in the Dominions of His mod Faithful Maiefly : And Whereas it was alfo, by the Seventh Article of the faid Inftrudions, provided, that whenever a Ship of War (hall meet a Merchant Veffel liable to be fearched, it (hall be done in the moil mild manner, and with every Attention which is due between Allied and Friendlv Nations ; and in no cafe (hall the Search be made by an Officer holding a Rank inferior to that of Lieutenant in the Navy; and by the Eighth Article of the faid Inftrudions, that the Ships of War which may detain Slave Ships, in purfuance of the Principles laid down in the faid Inftrudions, (hall leave on board all the Cargo of Negroes untouched, as well as the Captain, and a Part at lead of the Crew of the Slave Ship; and that the Captain (hall draw up in Writing an authentic Declaration, which (hall exhibit the State in which he found the detained Ship, and the Changes which may have taken, place in it; and that he (hall deliver to the Captain of the Slave Ship a figned Certificate of the Papers feized on board the faid Veffel, as well as of the Number of Slaves found on board at the Moment of Detention ; and that the Negroes (hall not be difembarked till after the Veffels which contain them (hall be arrived at the Place where the Legality of the Capture is to be tried by one of the Two mixed Commiffions, jn order that in the Event of their not being adjudged legal Prize, the Lofs of the Proprietors may be more eafily repaired, but that if urgent Motives, deduced from the Length of the Voyage, the State of Health pf the Negroes, or other Caufes, require that they (hall be difembarked entirely or in Part, before the Veffel can arrive at the Place of the Refidence of One of the faid Commiffions, the Commander of the capturing Ship may take on himfelf the Refpon-(ibility of firch Difembarkation, provided th&t the Neceffity be Rated in a Certificate in proper Form; and it was by the Ninth Article of the faid Inftrudions provided, that in Conveyance of Slaves from one Port of the 1Brazils to another, or from the Continent or I(land6 of Africa to the Poffeffions of Portugal out of America* (hall take place as Objeds of Commerce, except in Ships provided with Paffports from the Portuguefe Government e*4 *** • And Whereas alio it was by the faid Regulations for the mixed Commiffions which were to be eftablifhed according to the Stipulations of the faid. Convention, and which Regulations Vvere declared to be an integral Part of the faid Convention, provided, in the Firft Article of the faid Regulations, that the mixed Coco-miffions to be eftablifhed by the faid Convention upon the Coaft of Africa and in the Brauile, are appointed to decide upon the Legality of the Detention of fuch Slave Vefiels as the Gruizers of

A a S	both

95*

C.85. '

58® GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

4 both Nations (hall detain, in purfaance of the faid Convention, for 1 carrying on an illicit Commerce in Slaves ; and that the above men-

*	tioned Commiffions (hall judge, without Appeal, according to the

*	Letter and Spirit of the Treaty of the Twenty fecond of 4 January One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, and of the faid ‘ Additional Convention to the faid Treaty, figned at London on the 4 Twenty eighth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feven-4 teen, and recited in this Aft, that the Commiffiona (hall give Sen.

4 tence as fummarily as poffible, and they are required to decide 4 (as far as they (hall find it practicable) within the Space of

*	Twenty Days, tb be dated .from that on which every detained 4 Veffel (hall have been brought into the Port where they (hall refide;

4 firft, upon the Legality of the Capture ; fecondly, in the cafe in 4 which the captured Veffel (hall have been liberated, as to the In-4 demnification which (he is to receive ; and it is thereby provided 4 that in all cafes the final Sentence (hall not be delayed on account of 4 the Abfence of Witneffes, or for Want of other Proofs, beyond 4 the Period of Two Months, except upon the Application of any 4 of the Parties interested, when, upon their giving fatisfaftory Se-4 curity to charge themfelves with the Expence and Rifks of the 4 Delay, the Commiffioners may, at their Difcretion, grant an addi*

4 tional Delay, not exceeding Four Months ; and it was by the 4 Second Article of the faid Regulations provided,, that each of the 4 above mentioned mixed Commifiions, which are to refide on the 4 Coaft of Africa and in the Brazils, (hall be compofed in the 4 following manner; the Two High Contracting Parties (hall each 4 of them name a Commiffary Judge and a Commiffioner of Aibi-4 tration, who (hall be authorized to hear and to decide, without 4 Appeal, all cafes of Capture of Slave Veffels which, in purfuapce 4 of the Stipulation of the Additional Convention of this date, may 4 be laid before them ; and that all the effential Parts of the Pro-4 ceedings carried on before thefe mixed Commiffions (hall be written 4 down in the Language of the Country in which the Commiffion 4 may refide; and the Commiffary Judges, and the Commiffioners 4 of Arbitration, (hall make Oath, in Prefence of the Principal 4 Magiftrate of the Place in which the Commiffion may refide, to 4 judge fairly and faithfully, to have no Preference either for the

4 Claimants or the Captors, and to a ft in all their Decifiout in | 4 purfuance of the {Stipulations of the Treaty of the Twenty fecond 4 of January One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, and of the 4 Additional Convention to the faid Treaty recited in this A ft;

4 and that there (hall be attached to each Commiffion a Secretary 4 *or Regiftrar appointed by the Sovereign of the Country in which 4 the Commiffions jmay refide, who (halt regifter all its Ads, and 4 who, previous to taking Charge of his Poft, (hall make Oath, in 4 Prefence of at leaft One of the Commiffary Judges, to condud 4 himfelf with Refpeft for their Authority, and to aft with Fidelity 4 in all the Affairs which may belong to nis Charge ; and it was alio 4 provided in the Third Article of the Regulations, that the Form 4 of the Proceh (hall be as follows : The Commiflary Judges of the 4 Two Nations (hall in the Firft Place proceed to*he Examination of 4 the Papers of the Veffel, and to receive the Demolitions on Oath of 1 4 the Captain and Two or Three at leaft of the principal Individuals 4 on board of the detained Veffel, as well as the Declaration on

« Oath

A.D.181&

58f GEO. III.

C.85,

359

4 Oath of the Captor, (hopld it appear neceffary, in order to be able 4 to judge and to pronounce if the laid Veffel has been juftly detained

*	or not, according to the Stipulations of the faid Additional Con*

3	* mention recited, in this A61, and in order that according to this

3	4 Judgment it may be condemned or liberated; and in the Event

4 of the Two Coromiffary Judges not agreeing on the Sentence they 4 ought to pronounce, whether as to the Legality of the Detention*

,	4	or the Indemnification to be allowed, or on any othef Queftion

*	which might refult from the Stipulations of the faid Convention,

[	4	they (hall draw by Lot the Name of One of the Two Commiffioners

4 of Arbitration, who, after having confidered the Documents of the 4 Procefs, (hall confult with .the above mentioned Commifiary ,	4 Judges on the cafe in queftion, and the final Sentence (hall be

,	* pronounced conformably in the Opinion of the Majority of the

,	4 above mentioned Commiffary Judges, and of the above mentioned

4 Commiffioner of Arbitration: And it was alfo provided by the 4 Fourth Article of the faid Regulations, that as often as the Cargo 4 of Slaves found on board of a Portuguese Slave Ship (hall have been 4 embarked on any Point whatever of the Coaft of Africa where the 4 Slave Trade continues lawful so the Subje&s of the Crown of ,	4	Portugalf fuch Slave Ship (hall not be detained on Pretext that the

4 above mentioned Slaves (nail have been brought originally by Land 4 from any other Part whatever of the Continent; and it was alfo in 4 the Fifth Article of the laid Regulations provided, that in the 4 authenticated Declaration which the Captors (hall make before tbe 4 Commiffion, as well as in the Certificate of the Papers Seized, 4 which (hall be delivered to the Captain of the captured Veffel at

*	the time of she Detention,, the above mentioned Captor (hall be 4 bound to declare bis Name, the Name of his Veffel, as well at the 4 Latitude and Longitude of the Place where the Detention (haH 4 have taken place, and the Number of Slaves found living on board 4 of the Slave Ship at the time of the Detention ; and it was alfo 4 provided, in the Sixth Article of the faid Regulations, that as foon 4 as Sentence (hall have been paffed, the detained Veffel, if liberated, 4 and what remains of the Cargo, (hall be reftored to the Proprie* 4 tors, who may before the fame Commiffion claim a Valuation of the 4 Damages which they may have a Right to denpmd, the Captor 4 himfeif, and in his Default his Government, (hall remain refpon* 4 fxbie for the above mentioned Damages; and that the Two High 4 Coatra&ing Powers did bind themfelves to defray, within the 4 Term of a Year from the Date of the Sentence, .the Indemnify-4 cations which may be granted by the above named Commiffioir, 4 it being nnderftood that thefe Indemnifications (hall be at the Ex* 4 pence of tbe Power of which the Captor (hall be a SubjeA; and 4 by the Seventh Article of the faid Regulations, that in cafe of the 4 Condemnation of a Veffel for an unlawful Voyage, (he (hall be 4 declared lawful Prize, as well as her Cargo, of whatever Description 4 it may be, with the Exception of the Saves who may be on board 4 as Objedfcs of Commerce; and the faid Veffel, as well as her 4 Cargo, (hall be fold by Public Sale, for the Profit of the Two 4 Government*; and as to the Slaves, they (hall deceive from the 4 mixed Commiffion a Certificate of Emancipation, and (hall be deb* 4 vexed over to the Government on whole Territory the Commiffion 4 which (haU hi^ fo judged them (hell be eftatdifhed, to be employed

A a 4	1	as

C. 85,

58° GEO. III.

A. D. 1818.

*	as Servants or Free Labourers, with Guarantee by each of the

*	Two Governments refpedtively, the Liberty of fuch Portion of 4 thefe Individuals as (hall be refpedtively configned to it; and it was 4 alfo provided by the Eighth Article of the laid Regulations, that

*	every Claim for Compenfation of LoiTes occafioned to Ships fuf-

*	pedted of carrying on an illicit Trade in Slaves, not condemned is

*	lawful Prize by the mixed Commiilions, (hall be alfo heard and

*	judged by the above named Commiilions, in the Form provided by

*	the Third Article of the faid Regulations hereinbefore recited; and

*	in all cafes wherein Reftitution (hall be fo decreed, the Commiffion 4 (hall award to the Claimant or Claimants, or his or their lawful

*	Attorney or Attornies, for his or their Ufe, a juft and complete

*	Indemnification, firft, for all Cofts of Suit, and for all LoiTes and 4 Damages which the Claimant or Claimants may have aftually ‘ fuftained by fuch Capture and Detention, that ir to fay, in tlx

*	cafe of total Lof6, the Claimant or Claimants (hall be indemnified, 4 firft, for the Ship, her Tackle, Apparel and Stores; fecondly, for

*	all Freight due and payable; thiixliv, for the Value of the Cargo

*	of Merchandize, if any; fourthly, for the. Slaves on board at the

*	time of Detention, according-~to-ihe computed Value of fuch Slaws 4 at the Place of Dcftination, dedu&mg therefrom the ufual fair 4 average Mortality for the unexpired Period of the regular Voyage, '* deducing alfo for all Charges and Expences payable upon the 4 Sale of fuch Cargoes, including Commiffion of Sale when payable 4 at fuch Port; and fifthly, for all other regular Charges in fuch 4 cafes of totfel Lofs ; and in all other cafes not of total Lofs, the 4 Claimant or Claimants (hall be indemnified, firft, for. all (pedal 4 Damages and Expences occafioned to th$. Ship by the Detention, 4 and for Lofs of Freight when due or payable; fecondly, a De* 4 murrage, when due, according*to the Schedule annexed ; thirdly, a 4 daily Allowance for the Subfiftence of Slaves of One Shilling or

*	One hundred and eighty Reis for each Perfon, without Diftindion 4 of Age or Sex, for fo many Days as it (hall appear to the Com*

*	miffion that the Voyage has been or may be delayed by reafonof 4 fuch' Detention ; as like wife, fourthly, for any Deterioration of 4 Cargo or Slaves; fifthly, for any Diminution in the Value of the 4 Cargo of Slaves proceeding from an increafed Mortality beyond the

*	average Amount of the Voyage, or from Sicknefs occafioned by

*	Detention, this Value to be afeertained by their computed Price 4 at the Place of Deftination, as in the above cafe of total Lofs: 4 fixthly, an Allowance of Five per Centum on the Amouut of 4 Capital employed in the Purchafeand Maintenance of Cargo for the 4 Period of Delay occafioned by the Detention ; and feventhly, for

*	all Premium of Infurance on additional. Rifks; the Claimant or 4 Claimants (hall likewife be entitled to Intereft at the Rate of Five 4 per Centum per Annum on the Sum awarded, until paid by tbe 4 Government to which the capturing Ship belongs; the whole 4 Amount of fuch Indemnifications being calculated in the Money < of the Country to which the captured Ship belongs, and to be

*	liquidated at Exchange Current at the time of Award, excepting 4 the Sum for the Subfiftence of Slaves, which (hall be paid at par, as

*	above ftipulated; the Two High Contra&ing Parties wiflung to

*	avoid, as much as poffible, every Species of Fraud it the Execution

*	of the Additional Convention of this Date, ha^p agreed, that if

4 it

A. D: 1818.

58° GEO. IIL

C. 85.

SSI

4 it /hould be proved, in a manner evident to the Convi&ion of the 4 Judges of the Two Nations, and without having Recourfe to the 4 Dectfion of a Commiffioner of Arbitration, that the Captor has been 4 led into Error by a voluntary and reprehenfible Fault on the Part 4 of the Captain of the detained Ship, in that cafe only the detained 4 Ship fhall not have the Right of receiving, during the Days of her 4 Detention, the Demurrage ilipulated by the prelent Article: —

100 Tons to X20 inclufivc. 121 ditto to 150 - ditto 151 ditto to 170 - ditto 171 ditto to 200 - ditto 200 Tons to 220 - ditto 221 ditto to 250 - ditto 251 ditto to 270 - ditto 271 ditto to 300 - ditto

t Veflel of

.			£s
•			6
-			8
-			IO .
			11
•			12
-			*4
-			»5J

per Diem;

4 and fo ip proportion ; and it was alfo provided by the Ninth Article 4 of the faid Regulations, that when the Proprietors of a Ship fuf-* pe&ed of carrying on an illicit Trade in Slaves, releafed in confe-4 quenceof a Sentence of One of the mixed Commiffions (or in the* 4 cafe as above mentioned of total Lofs),4hall claim Indemnification 4 for tbe Lofs of Slaves which he may have fullered, he (hall in no 4 cafe be entitled to claim for more than the Number of Slaves which 4 his Veflel wa9 by the Portuguefe Laws authorized to caiTy, which 4 Number (hall always be declared in his Pafiport; and it was alfo 4 provided by tbe Tenth Article of the laid Regulations, that the 4 mixed Commiflion eftablilhed in London by the Article Ninth of 4 the faid Convention hereinbefore recited, (ball hear and determine 4 all Claims for Portuguefe Ships and Cargoes captured by Britift> 4 Cruizers, on account of the unlawful Trading in Slaves, fince the 4 Firft of«June One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, till the 4 Period when the Convention is to be in complete Execution, award-4 ing to them, conformably to the Ninth Article of the faid Con-4 vent ion, a juft and complete Compenfation, upon the Bafis laid 4 down in the preceding Article, either for total Lofs,* or for Lodes 4 and Damages fuftained by the Owners and Proprietors of the (aid 4 Ships and Cargoes; and it was alfo provided,, that the faid Com-4 million eftablilhed in London (hall be compofed and proceed exa&ly 4 upon the fame Bafis determined in the Articles of One, Two, and 4 Three of the Regulations hereinbefore recited, for the Commifiions •“ eftablilhed on the Coaft of Africa and the Brax\L ; and it was alfo 4 provided by tbe Eleventh Article of tbe faid Regulation, that it 4 > fhall not be permitted to any of the Commifiary Judges, nor to the 4 Arbitrators, nor to the Secretary of any of the mixed Commifiions, 4* to demand or receive from any one pf the Parties concerned in the 4 Sentences which they (hall pronounce, any Emolument,* under any 4 Pretext what foe ver, for the Performance of the Duties which are 4 impofed upon them by*the Regulations annexed to the Convention 4 as aforefaid; and by . the Ninth Article, of the faid Regulations, 4 that when the Parties interefted fhall imagine they have Caufe to 4 eomplain< of any evident Injuftice on the Part of the mixed Com-4 millions, they may reprefent it'to their refpe&ive Governments, 4 Who-referve to thexnlclves the Right of mutual Correfpondence,

4 for

362

C. 85.

58® GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

for removing, when they think fit, the Individuals who may com-pofe thefe Commiffions: And it was alfo provided'by the Thirteenth Article of the faid Regulations, that in the cafe of a Veffd detained uniuiUy under the Pretence of the Stipulations of the Additional Convention of this Date, and in which the Captor Ihoold neither be authorized by the Tenor of the above mentioned Convention, nor of the Inftrudions annexed to it, the Goternment to which the detained Veffel may belong (hall be entitled to demand Reparation, and in fuch cafe the Government to which the Captor may belong binds itfelf to caufe the * Subject of Complaint to be fully examined, and to infiilt upon the Captor, if he be found to have deferved it, a Punifhment proportioned to the Tranfgreffion which may have been committed: And it was alfo agreed in the Fqurtecnth Article of the faid Regulations, that in the Event of the Death of One or more of the Commiflioners, * Judges and Arbitrators compofing the above mentioned mixed Commiffiou, their Pofb (hall be fupplied ad interim in the following maimer; on the Part of the Britijb Government, (he Vacanciea (hall be filled fucceffively in the Commiffion which (hall fit within the Pofleffioos of His Britannic Majefty, by the Governor or Lieutenant Governor refident in that Colony, by the principal Magiftrate of the Place, and by .the Secretary, tod in tno Brazil*f by the BritiA Conful and Vice Conful refident in the City in which the mixed Commif-fion may be eftablifhed; on the Part of Portugal, the Vacandet (hail be fupplied in the Brazil* by fuch Perfons as the Captaia General of the Province (hall name fot that Purpofe; and coondering the Difficulty which the Portuguefi Government would feel in naming fit Perfons to fill the Pods which might become vacant in the Commiffion eftablifhed in the Britifb Poueffions, it is agreed, that in cafe of the Death of the Portugtufe Coramiffioners, Judge or Arbitrators, in thofe Poffeffions, the remaining Individuals, of the above mentioned Commiffion (hall be equally authorized to proceed to the Judgment of fuch Slave Ships as may be brought before them, and to the Execution of their Sentence ; in this cafe alooe, however, the Parties interefted (hall have the Riglit of appealing from* (he Sentence, if they think fit, to the Commiffioo refident is the Brazili ; and the Government to which the Captor (hall belong (hall be bound fully to defray the Indemnification which (hall be due to them, if the Appeal be judged in favour of the Ckum-ants, it being well underftood that the Ship and Cargo (hall remain daring this Appeal in the Place of Refidence of the Firft Com-miffion before whom (he may have been condu&ed; and it was in the faid Regulation agreed to fupply, as foon as poffible, every Vacancy that may ante in the above mentioned Commiffions from Death or any other Contingency \ and in cafe that the Vacancy of each of the Portngue/e Coramiffioners redding in the Briti/k Poffeffions be not fupplied at the End of Six Months, the Veffib which are taken there to be judged, after the Expi&tion of dut time, (hall no longer have the Right of Appeal hereinbefore ftipulated: And it was alfo further provided and declared and agreed, m a feparate Article, that as loon as die total Abolition o? the Slave Trade for the Subje&s of the Crown of Pertngd (hall have taken Place, the Two High Contra&ing Parties, by common Confent, will adapt to that State of Circomfiaaces tbs

‘ Stipulations

i A.D. 1818.

58# GEO. IIL

C. 85.

363

*	Stipulation* of the faid Additional Convention of the Twenty

*	eighth July hereinbefore recited ; bnt in Default of fuch Altera-

*	tions, that the faid Additional Convention (hall remain in force i 4 until the Expiration of Fifteen Years from the Day on which tfce i 4 general Abolition of the Slave Trade {hall fo take place on the Part

4 of the Portuguefe Government; and that the faid feparate Article 4 (hall .have the fame Force and Validity as if it were infcrted Word i 4 for Word in the faid Additional Convention hereinbefore mentioned ;	4 as aforefaid: And Whereas it is expedient and necefTary that

4 effectual Provifion (kould be made for carrying into Execution !	4 the Provifions of the faid Treaty Be it therefore ena£ted by

i The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice apd Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common*, in this » prefent Parliament afiembled, and by tne Authority of the fame,

! That it (hall be lawful for any Officers commanding any Ship of \ War of His Majefty, duly authorized in that behalf; and provided r with Inftru&ions according to the Provifion* of the faid Convention, to vifit and detain all Ships and Vefiels which (hall be fufpe&ed, upon { reafonabie Grounds, of having Slave* on board acquired by an illicit t Traffic, according to tlie Article* of the faid Convention, and to i detain and bring to Adjudication all Ships, Vefiels apd Cargoes ) thereby made fubje& to Detention and Condemnation, according to I the Provifions of the faid Convention, and the Inftru&iont and Regu-, ilationa aforefaid.

i II. And be it further ena&ed, That all Ships and Vefiels, belong-j mg wholly or in part to His Majefty’s Sobje&s, which (hall be , fufpe&ed upon reafonabie Grounds of having Slaves on board ac-{ quhred by aw illicit Traffic, fhall be and are hereby declared and made, according to the faid Treaty, Convention and Regulations aforefaid, fubjeft to the Vifitation of Britijb or Portuguefe Vefiels of War, duly authorized for that Purpofe, according to the Provifions before recited; and that all Ships and Vpfiels belonging wholly or in part to His Majefty’s Subjects, which (hall be found having Slaves on board acquired by an illicit Traffic, contrary to the Treaty, Convention and Regulations fo recited as aforefaid, and all Boats, Apparel, Furniture and Slaves belonging to fuch. Ships or Veffel6, and all Cargoes therein, (hall be and are hereby.declared to be.and made fubje& to the Vifit and Detention of Britijh or Portuguefe Vsffels of War duly-authorized for that Purpofe, according to the Stipulations of the faid Convention, and to Forfeiture according to the Provifions of the faid Convention, and the Regulations and In-ftruftions thereunto annexed, and for that Purpofe (hall be and are hereby made fubjeft to the Adjudication of, and to Condemnation or other Judgment by the Commtflary Judges and Commiffioners to be appointed according to the Provifions of the faid Convention, and to the Inftru&ions and Regulations annexed thereto, recited as aforefaid.

III.	And be it farther ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for His Majefty, by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, counter-figned by One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, to appoint luch Coramifiary, Judges and Commiffioners of Arbitration as are in and by the faid Convention and Regulations thereto annexed, mentioned to be appointed by His Majefty, and from time to time to (apply any Vacancies which may aqfe in fuch Offices, by appointing

other

Bricjfh Ships of War duly authorized may feize all Vefiels a&ing contrary to the faid Convention.

Britifti VelTel* trading in Slaves, or ailing contrary to the Convention, fubjelt to Vifit tnd Detention hy Portuguefe or Britifh Vefiels, and to Condemnation hy the Commiffioners, &c.

His Majefty may appoint Commiflary Judges and CommifiioiMrs of Arbitration.

C. 85.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

Their Power.

And miy appoint Secretary and Regiflrar with Salaries, who are to execute the Duties of their Office.

How Vacancies in Commiffion to be 6Ued up.

Commiflaty Judges, Com. miffioners of Arbitration, and Secretary to take Oaths for due Execution of Office,

other Perfont thereto; and to grant Salaries to fach Commifiary Judges and Commiffiooers of Arbitration as aforefaid9 not exceeding fuch Annual Sums as the Lords Commiffioners- of His Maje&j'i Treafury of Great Britain and Ireland (hall from time to -time dircd; and fuch Commifiary Judges and Com miffioners are hereby authorized and empowered to examine and decide all fuch cafe& of Detention, Captures and Seizures of VefTels and their Cargoes as aforefaid, detained* feized, taken or captured under the faia Treaty or Coo?eQ-tion, or Inftru&ioria and Regulations! as are by the faid Treaty, Convention, Inftru&ioos and Regulations, and by this Ad, made fubjed to their Jurifdidion, and to proceed therein, and give fach Judgments and make fuch Orders therein, and to do all other Adi, matters. and things- appertaining thereto, agreeably to the Provifiooi of the faid Treaty and Convention, and the Inftru&ions and Regu-lations annexed thereto and recited as aforefaid, as fully andeffedudly to all Intents and Purpofes as if fpecial Powers and Authoring were fpecifically and particularly inferted and given in relation thereto in this Ad.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for His

Majefty, by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, counter, figned by One of His Majefty’* Principal Secretaries of State for the time being, to nominate and appoint a Secretary or Regiibv to the Commiffion which, fhall be eftablifhed in His Msjefty^i Dominions, and from time to time to fupply, by other Appoint* meats, any Vacancy which may thereafter occur in fuch Office, and to grant Salarietto fuch Secretary or Regiftrar, not exceeding fach Annual Sum as the faid Lords Commiffiooers fhall from time to time dired; and fuch Secretary or Regiftrar is hereby refpedively, authorized and empowered to do, perform and execute ail the Duties of fuoh Office, as fet forth and defcribed in the faid Convention, In-ftru&ions and Regulations refpe&ively hereinbefore recited as aforefaid, and to do, perform and execute all fuch Ads, matters and things as may be necefTary for the due Difcharge of the Duties of his Office, according to the Provifions of the laid Convention and Inftru&ions and Regulations as aforefaid.	...

V.	And be it further ena&ed. That it fhall be lawful for the Governor or Lieutenant Governor or Principal Magiftrate of the Colony or Settlement in which the Commiffion (hall fit, within the Pofiefuons of His Britannic Majefty, to fill up every Vacancy which fhall arife in fuch Commiffion, either of Cpmmiflary Judge, Com* miffioner or any Officer thereof, appointed by His Majefty as aforefaid, according to the Provifions contained in the before redted Regulations annexed to the faid Convention as aforefaid, ad interim, until fuch Vacancy or Vacancies fhall be thereafter filled by fome Perfon or Perfons appointed by His Majefty for that Purpofe.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Commifiary Judge and Commiffioner of Arbitration, appointed by His Majefty, fhall, before he fhall enter upon the Execution of any of the Duties of fuch his Office, take an Oath", in the Prefence of the Principal Magiftrate then refiding and a&ing in the Colony, Settlement or Place in which the Commimon fhall be appointed to refide; which Oath every fach Magiftrate in any Colony, Settlement .or Place belonging to His Majefty, in which fuch Court or Commiffion fhall be appointed, is

6	hereby

58* GEO. III.

365

C. 85.

hereof authorized to adminifter, in the Form following; that is to fay,

4 J A. B* do folemnly fwear, That I will, according to the beft 4	of my Skill and Knowledge, ad in the Execution of my

4 Office as	faithfully, impartially, fairly and

4 without Preference or Favour, either for Claimants or Captcrf,

*	or any other Perfons; and that I will, to the'beft of my Judg-4 meat and Power, *ad in purfuance of and according to the Stipul-

*	ations, Regulations and Inftrudions contained in the Convention

*	between His Majefty and His moft Faithful Majefty, figned'at ‘ London on the Twenty eighth Day of September One thoufand eight

*	hundred and feventeen.	So help me GOD.’

And every Secretary or Regiftrar appointed by His Majefty under the Provilions ot the Treaty, and Regulations and Inftrudions, and of this Ad, (hall, before ne enters on the Duties of his faid Office, take the like Oath before the Britijh ‘CommifTary Judge as aforcfaid, who is hereby empowered to- adminifter the fame..

VII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffary Judges, or either of them, or for any fuch Secretary or Regiftrar, and they are hereby refpedively empowered, to adminifter Oaths to and take the Depofitions of all Parties, Witneffcs and other Perfons who may come or be brought before them to be examined, or for the Purpofe of depofing, in the Courfe of any Proceeding before the faid Commiffary Judges, or before the faid Commiffary Judges , and the Commiffioners of Arbitration, in the cafes in which luch Commiffioner of Arbitration (hall ad with the faid Commiflary Judges, under the faid Convention, Inftrudions or Regulations, or this Ad ; and it (hall alfo be lawful for the faid Commiffary Judges, or for the faid Commiffary Judges and Com-miffioners of Arbitration, in the cafes aforefaid, to iumraon before them all Perfons whom they may ddem it neceffary or proper to ox-amine, in relation to any Suit, Proceeding or matter or thing under their Cognizance, and to fend for and iffue Precepts for tne producing of all fuch Papers as may relate to the matters in queftion before them, and to enforce all fuch Summonfes, Orders and Precepts by fuch and the like Means, Powers and Authorities as any Court of Vice Admiralty may do.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That every Perfon who (hall wilfully and corruptly give falfe Evidence, in any Examination, or Demolition or Affidavit had or taken upon or in any Proceeding before the faid Commiffary Judges or Commiffioners aforefaid, under thr faid Treaty, Inftrudions or Regulations, or this Ad, (hall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and being thereof convided, (hall be fubjed and liable to all the Punifhments, ‘Pains and Penalties to which Perfons convided of wilful and corrupt Peijury are liable ; and every fuch Perfon may be tried for any fuch Peijury, either in the Place where the-Offence was committed, or in any Colony or Settlement of His Majefty near thereto, in which there is a Court of competent Jurifdidion to try any fuch Offence, or in His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench in England; and that in cafe of any Profe-cution for fqch Offence in His Majefty’s faid Court of King’s Bench,, the Venue may be laid in the County of Middlefex.

IX- And be it further enaded, That the Pendency of any Suit or Proceeding inftituted before the faid Commiffioners for the Condemnation

Commiffary Judges and Commiffioners,and their Secretary, may adminifter Oaths to Wit-neffes, &c. and fummon Perfons and fend for Papers, &c.

Perfons giving falfe Evidence Perjury.

Suit pending before, or Judgment by any

fuch Comm if-

sso

lion, may be pleaded in Bar or given in Evidence in any Action brought for any thing done under the Treaty.

ProvKo for Ju-rifdiftion of Priae Courts of Appeal, and High Court of Admiralty.

Provifion in cafe of Captor* not eltablilhing their Rights.

j Sit*

Provifo for Aft* for Soppreftion of the Slave Trade.

General IfTue pleaded.

C. 85.	58°	GEO.	III.	A.D. 18li

demnation or RefUtution of any Ship or Cargo of Slaves tikes, feized or detained by virtue of tne laid Convention, or Inftruftiou or Regulations thereto annexed, or the final Adjudication, Condemnation or Judgment or Determination thereupon, may be pleaded in Bar, or given in Evidence under the General IfTue, and {hall be and be deemed and adjudged in any Court whatever to be a good and complete Bar in any Aftion, Suit or Proceeding, whether brought or inftituted by any Perfon or Perfons, for the Recovery of any fuch Ship, VelTel or Cargo, or of any Damage or far any Injury fuftained thereby, or by the .Perfons. on board the fame, ii confequence of any Capture, Seizure or Detention, or Aft, matter or thing done under the Authority or in purfuance of the ProvilioH of the faid Convention, or of the Inftruftions or Regulations thereto annexed ; any thing in any A & or Alts of parliament, or Law or Laws to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the Lords CommiQioners of Appeal in Prize Caufes,and for the High Court of Admiralty, in all cafes and Queftions afifiog out of the faid Captures that may be depending before them, or that may be* brought before them on Appeal from any Vice Admiralty Court, according to their refpeftive Jurifdiftions, to proceed therein, and to hear and determine all Queftions refpefting any Right or Id-tereft in or to the fame, to which His Majefty, or the Captors or Seizors of fuch Ships, Veflels or Cargoes, may claim te be entitled, by reafon of the Capture or Seizure tliereof and the Laws relating thereto, and to enforce their Judgments and Orders therein by the ufual Procefs of the faid Courts; any thing in this Aft to the contrary notwithftajjding.

XI.	Provided alio, and be it further enafted, That in all fuch cafes as aforefaid in which the Captors or Seizors (hall not eftablilh any Right or Intereft on their behalf, by reafon of the Capture thereof and the Laws relating thereto, it fhall be lawful for the faid. Courts refpeftively to Order and adjudge .the Ships, VefTelund Cargoes, or the Proceeds thereof, and all and every Part thereof, into or to or which f the Captors (hall not eftablifh any Right or Intereft as aforefaid, to be delivered or paid, for the Ufe of His Majefty, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commiflioners of His Majefty'i Treafury (hall appoint for the time being to receive the fame, and to enforce the Delivery or the Payment thereof by tbemfual Procefi as is ufed and eftablifhed by Law in cafes of Prize; any thing in this Aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained (hall extend or be deemed or conftrued in anywife to alter, fuf-pend, affeft, relax or repeal any of the Claufes, Penalties, Foi’feitiun or Punifhments contained and enafted in any Aft or Afts of Parlia-ment made for the Suppreflion or Prevention of the Slave Trade; but that all fuch Afts of Parliament, and all Claufes, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures and Punifhments therein refpeftively contained, fhall remain in full Force and Virtue ; any thing in this Aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding,

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Aftion or Suit (hall be commenced, either in Great Britain or elfewhere, br againft any Perfon or Perfons, for any thing done in pnrfuance of the faid Treaty, or Inftruftions or Regulations thereto annexed, or of this Aft, the

Defendant

58® GEO. III.

C. 85—88,

S67

Defendant or Defendants in fuch Aftion or Suit may plead the General I flue, and give tins Aft as herein recited, and the fpedal matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the Authority of the faid Convention, In&ruftiont or Regulations, or of this Aft ; and if it (hall appear fo to have been done, the Jury (hall And for the Defendant or Defendants ; and if the Plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or difeonttnue his Aftion after the Defendant or Defendants. (hall have appeared, or if Judgment (hall be given, upon any Verdift or Demurrer, againft the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants (hall recover Treble Cods, and have the like Remedy for the fame as Defendants have in other cafes by Law,

CAP, LXXXVL An Aft for railing the Sum of Eleven millions fix hundred thoufand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen.

[5th June 1818.]

[This A3 it the fame at 57 G. 3. c. a. except at to Datet and Sumt, and that the Provifo for Alteration, &c. during the SeJJxon con-tained in ScQion 8* of that A8 it omitted in this Afi.J

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Aft for railing the Sum of Eight hundred thoufand Pounds Britijb Currency, by Treafury Bills, in Irelandi for the Service of* the Year One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen.	[5th Jun^ 1818.]

{This A8 it the fame at 57 G. 3. c« 81. except at to Dates and Sumt. 3

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Aft to amend Two Afts made in t&e lad Sefiion of Parliament, for authorizing the Ifliie of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works and Fifheries, andEmployment of the Poor; and to extend the Powers of the Commiffioners appointed for carrying the faid Afts into Execution in Ireland.	[5th June 1818.3

WHEREAS by an Aft made in the lad Sefiion of Parliament, intituled An A8 to authorise the IJfue of Exchequer 4 Billst and the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund to a 4 limited Amount, for the carrying on of Public works and Fijheries 4 in the United Kingdom, and Employment of the Poor in Great Bri-* tain, in manner therein mentioned; it is among other things enafted, « that at any time after the palling of the faia Aft, by or out of 4 fuch Monies as fhall at any. tim* or times remain in the Receipt 4 of the Exohequer of Ireland,\ or out of the growing Produce of 4 .the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom arifing in Inland 4 (after paying or referving fufficierit to pay all fuch Sum and Sums 4 of Money as have been direftfed by any former Aft or Afts of Par-4 liament to be paid in Ireland out of tne faid Confolidated Fund), * 'there (hould and might be iffued, by Order of the Lord Lieutenant

4 or

Treble Cbi*.

57 G.3.C.3*

§5-

C. 88.

A.D. 1818.

Commiffioners, with Approbation of Lord Lteuteuaot,nuy advance Money for Public Works under Dhre&ion of any Corporation or Commiffioners, on the Credit of the Rates, &c. or on the Credit of Prefentmerts to be made by Grand Juries, as herein men- . tioned.

Money to be advanced at (n-rereft from 5L * to 61. per Cent, to be repaid by loftalmenta.

Grand Juries may make Pre-fen tments for any Public Works, in order to obtain Advances of Money for the fame,

58° GEO. Ill*

<	or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time be*

<	ing, from time to time, in manner and under the Regulations in

*	the faid Aft mentioned and contained, any Sum or Sums of Money « not exceeding in the whole the Sam or Two hundred and fifty

*	thoufand Pounds, to be applied to the Purpofes of the faid Aft,

<	in manner and under the Regulations therein mentioned; and it

<	was alfo enafted, that it fhoula be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant

<	or other* Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time 4 being to appoint fuch Perfons as he or they fhould think fit to be

*	Commiffioners for the Execution of the laid Aft in Ireland, in « manner therein mentioned : And Whereas the faid recited Ad was

<	amended by another Aft made in the fame Seffion of Parliament,

*	and it is expedient that the faid recited Afts (hall be amended in

*	manner hereinafter mentioned;* Be it therefore enafted by The King*8 Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confeot of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,'in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful to and tor the Commiffioners for the time being for the Execution of the faid recited Afts in Ireland, by and with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland fbr the time being, to make any Advance of Money under the faid recited Afts and this Aft in Aid of any Public Work carried oh under the Direftion of any Corporation in Irelasd, or of any Commiffioners appointed by Parliament, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, upon the Credit of any Rates, Rentsr Tolls or Profits which are or ftiall be levied, paid &nd applied under the Authority or Control'of any fuch Corporation, or of any Commiffioners or Perfons fo appointed ; and alfo to make any fuch Advances upon the Credit of any Preferment to be made by the Grand Jury of any County, or County of a City dr County of a Town, provided that fuch Pre* fentment be made in the manner hereinafter mentioned and directed; and that in all cafes where any Advance of Money (hall be mtde upon the Credit of any fuch Rates, Rents, Tolls or Profits, or of fuch Prefen tments, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Com* miffionerS, by and with the Confent aforefaid, to direft fuch Advance to be made upon One or more Mortgage or Mortgages, Affigument or Affignments of fuch Rates, Rents, Tolls or Profits only, without requiring any perfonal Security for the fame; and alfo to advance any Sum or Sums of Money, under the Provifions of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, at fuch Rate of Intereft, not lefs than Five Pounds per Centum, nor more than Six Pounds per Centum, as to the faid Commiffioners (hall Teem fit, and to provide that the principal Money fo to be advanced (hall be repaid by Inftalments in any Sum or Sums not lefs than Five Pounds per Centum per Annum of the principal Motley fo lent or advanced, as the faid Comtmffionert dull think fit.

II. And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Grand Jury of a County, or County of a City, or County of a Town, at any Affixes, or if in the County of Duhh*> or County of the City of Dublin, in any presenting Term, to pre* fent any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpofe of any Public Work which is by the Laws now in force competent for them to pre-fent, in order to obtain Advances of Money from the (aid Commif-

fiotftn,

A. D. 1818.

48° GEO. Ill,

C. 88.

SG9

fioners, and to fet forth in fuch Preferment that fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be raifed and levied by yearly Inftalments of not lefs than Five Pounds per Centum of the whole Sum to be expended, and likewife to prefent a Sum fufiicient to pay the annual Intereft of fuch Sum or Sums to be fo expended, at a Rate not lefs than Five Pounds per Centum , nor more than Six Pounds per Centum, and to fet forth in fuch Preferment what Part thereof (hall be raifed upon any Barony or Baronies in fuch County, or on the County at large; and that the Treafurer of fuch County, County of a City, or County of a Town, fhalT from time to time, without further Authority or Preferment in that behalf, infert in his Warrant, at each Ailizes or prefenting Term (if in the Cbunty of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin), the Portion or Portions fo fet forth of the Sum fo prefented, and the Sum for annual Intereft thereof; and the fame (hall be raifed and levied in like manner, from time to time, and with like Remedy in cafe of Non Payment, as all other Money direded by fuch Warrant is by Law to be levied ; and when and fo foon as fuch Preferment (hall have been duly certified by the ading Clerk of the Crown to the Commiffionera for the Execution of the faid recited Ads and this Ad, and not fooner, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffionera to advance fuch Sum of Money fo prefented, or any Part thereof as hereinbefore mentioned, to the Treafurer of fuch County, County of a City, or County of a Town, to be applied for the Purpofe of accomplifhing the Works for which fuch Preferment or Preferments (hall have been made; and all fuch Money fo advanced and paid to fuch Treafurer (hall be accounted for by him in like manner as any other Monies received by him for the Ufe of fuch County ; and all Securities given by him or in his behalf (hall extend to fuch Money.

III.	And be it further enaded, That every fuch Treafurer re-ceiving any fuch Money (hall pay into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in Ireland all fuch Sums as (hall from time to time be received from the Baronial or other Colledors by virtue of the Preferments on account of which fuch Money (hall have been advanced, until the whole Sum advanced (hall be repaid, together with Intereft for the fame, at the Rate at which it (hall have been agreed that the fame (hall be repaid.

IV.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded, That if any Sum or Sums of Money, for Repayment ot which any Preferment or Preferments (hall have been made, (hall not be obtained from or granted by the faid Commiffioners for the Execution of the faid recited Ads and this Ad, within Six Months from the time of making fuch' Preferment or Preferments, that then and in fuch cafe every fuch Preferment or Prefentments, for or on account of which Money (hall not have been obtained as aforefaid, (hall be auafhed or vacated by the next going Judge of Affize, or by His Majefty’s Court of King's Bench if in the County or County of the City of Dublin, at the Affixes or in the Term, as the cafe may be, next following the Expiration of the faid Six Months, any thing in this Ad contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding ; and if it (hall fo happen that any Money (hall have been raifed by virtue of any fuch Preferment or Preferments, which (hall not be required for the Purpofes for which it (hall have been fo raifed, the fame (hall be carried to the Credit generally of the County, or of the County of the Town,

58 Geo. III.	B	b	or

payable by In-Raiments with Intereft.

Preferment being certified by Clerk of the Crown to the Committioners, they may advance the Money.

Treafurer to pay Monies received into Exchequer until repaid with Intereft.

If Money not advanced in Six Months, Preferment quaftied.

Surplus Money raifed to be carried to the Credit of the County, «tc.

C, 88.

58° GEO. 1IL



370

Advances on Credit of Pre-fentments may be made upon Mortgage or Alignment of Preferments, with Intereft, whereof Notice (hall be given to the County Treafurer.

Notice of Security to Treafurer of Comity.

No Bond or ocher Security, Affidavit, Receipt, fcc. Ueble to Stamp Duty.

or of the County of the City, whereon the fane (hall have been levied by the Treafurer of fuck County, or County of a Town, or County of a City refpedtively.

V. And be it further ena&ed, That in all cafes where any Advance or Advances of Money (hall be required to be made on the Security of any Presentment or Preferments dire&ed by any A A or Adi of Parliament in force in Ireland to be made by any Grand Jury or Grand Juries in Ireland for any fpecial or particular Purpofe or Purpofes, or in Aid of any Public Works or Charitable InfbtutioBt carried on under the Management or Direction of any Corporation, or of any Commilfioners or Perfons appointed as in the faid recited A£U and hereinbefore mentioned, it (hall and may be lawful for the Commifiioners for the Execution of the faid recited A&s and this Ad in Irelandy by and with the Confent and Approbation aforefsid, to direft fuch Advance or Advances to be made upon Mortgage or Alignment of fuch Preferment or Preferments, without requiring any rerfon or Perfons to enter into any perfonal Security for the fame, fuch Advances to be made at fuch Rate of Intereft, not left than Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, nor more than Six Pounds per Centum per Annumy as to the faid Commifiioners for the Execution of the faid recited Adi and this Ad in Ireland (hall feem fit} and provided that the principal Sum or Sums to be fo advanced (hall be repaid by Inflalments of not lefs than Five Pounds per Centra per Annum on the original principal Sum advanced as the faid Com-miffioners (hall think nt; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Commifiioners for the Execution of the faid recited Ads and this Ad, to take and accept a Mortgage or Mortgages of fuch Preferment or Prefentmenta, for fecuring the Repayment of fuch Advance or Advances and the Intereft thereof5 or to advance Money upon the Credit of fuch Preferment or Preferments, to be fecured by any fuch Deed or Deeds or other Inftrument, or by fuch other Method as (hall be deemed neceffary for that Purpofe by the faid Commifiioners; and that it (kali and may be lawful to and for the Grand Jury, who (hall be fworn at fuch Aflizca, or at fuch Term if in the County of Dubliny or County of the City of Dublin, as the cafe may be, at which fuch Preferment (hall have been made, to affign fuch Preferment, and the Money to be derived thereby, to ths faid Commifiioners, by fuch Deed or Inftrument as (hall be required by the faid Commifiioners; Notice of which Deed or Deeds or fuch Security (hall be given in Writing to the Treafurer or Treafuren of the County or Counties upon which the Prefentment or Prefentmeott fo to be aifigned, mortgaged or fecured (hall have been dire&ed to be raifed j and from thenceforth fuch Treafurer or Treafurers (hall be accountable for the due and regular Payment of the annual Surat fo agreed to be repaid in difeharge of fuen principal Sujns and the Is* tereft thereof, at the times ana in the manner fet forth in fuch Peed or Deeds of Affignment or Mortgage to be executed as aforefaid; sad all Securities given by him or {hem, or pn his or their behalf ffujfl extend to. fuch Money.

VI. And be it further ena&ed, That no Boud to His Majcfty, nor any Mortgage, Surrender, Affignment or other Inftrujnent or Aflur* ance taken by the faid Commifiioners in Ireland in the Nag* of their Secretary for the time being,, of otherwise, tender the faid recited A& or this Aft, nor any Examination, Affidavit, Dspofitipn, Receipt

’	or

A.D.J818,

58° GEO. III.

371

C. 88, 88.

or Confent by Sureties or Surety to an Extenfion of time granted by the faid Commiffioners for Payment of any Exchequer Bills, or Money advanced to any Principal by virtue of the faid recited Ads or this Ad j nor any Receipt or other Document which may be taken or made under and by virtue of the faid recited Ads or this Ad, and for the Purpofe of carrying the faid Ads and this Ad into Execution in Ireland* (hall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever ; any thing in any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland to the contrary in anywife not with Handing.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Ad to repeal fo much of an Ad paffed in the Forty third Tear of His prefent Majefty, as requires the Attendance of Magiftrates on board Veffeis carrying Paffengers from the United Kingdom to His Majetty's Plantations or to Foreign Parts.	[5th	June 1818.]

WHEREAS by an Ad paffed in the Forty third Year of the 43 c. 56.

Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for regulating the Vejfels carrying Pajfcngert from the United Kingdom to Hie Majefty*! Plantations and Settlements Abroad, or to Foreign Parts, with refpeS to the Number of fuch Paffengere, it is among ft other things enaded, that it {hall and may be lawful for the Col- $ 4* ledor. Comptroller or Surveyor of the Cuftoms of the Port or Place at which any fuch Ship or Veffel (hall be cleared out, or in the Abfence of fuch Colledor, Comptroller and Surveyor, the refident Officer of the Cuftoms at the Port, together with any One of His Majefty's Juftices of the Peace or other Magiftrate, if fuch Juftice or Magiftrate can be found at fuch Port or Place, or within a convenient Diftance thereof, and fuch Colledor or Comptroller or fuch refident Officer, together with fuch Juftice or Magiftrate, is hereby direded and required to mufter the Paffengers and Crew on board every fuch Ship or Veffel immediately before failing, and to compare the Perfons found on board with the Perfons fpecified and described in the faid Mufter Roll, delivered by fuch Mafter or other Perfon aforefaid, and to fearch and infped every fuch Ship or Veffel: And Whereas the Attendance of Juftices or Magiftrate* required by the faid Ad has been found inconvenient, and it is expedient to remedy the fame Be it therefore enaded by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That fo repealed, much of the Provifions contained in the faid recited Ad, as require*

His Majefty's Juftices of the Peace or other Magiftrate to mufter the Paffengers and Crew on board every fuch Ship or Veffel, or as re-guires any other matter or thing to be executed or performed by Midi Juftice or Magiftrate, with regard to fuch Ships or Veflels and the Paffengers and Crew on board the fame, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed ; and it (hall and may be lawful for the Colledor or Colleflor or Comptroller, or other proper Officer of the Cuftoms, and he and they Comptroller of is ana are hereby empowered and required to do, execute and per- Cuftoms to perform all and finguhr the matters and things required by the faid fortn the Dutle,; Ad to be done, executed and performed by fuch Juftice or Magiftrate.

B b 2	CAP.

Bb 2

58° GEO. III.

A. D. 1818.

CAP. XC.

51 G. 3. c.x.

Members of Her Majefty's Council appointed. Her Majefty empowered to appoint others in cafe of Death, Ice.

An Ad to alter and amend certain of the Provifions of an AQ. palled in the Fifty firft Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AB to provide for the Adminiftration of the Royal Authority and for the Care of His Majefty* s Royal\ Petfon, during the Continuance of His Majefty*s lllnefs; and for the Refumption of the Exercife of the Royal Authority by His Majefly.

[5th June 1818.]

WHEREAS due attention to the Care of Her Moft Excellent Majefty’s Health may require that Her Majefty fhould be 4 occafionally abfent from Hia Moft Excellent Majefty’s Place of 4 Refidence, and it is expedient that at fuch times One or more 4 Members of Her Majefty’s Council, as it may pleafe Her Majefty 4 to order and diced, (hould perfonally attend at His Majefty’s Place 14 of Refidence: And Whereas feveral of the prefent Members of Her 4 Majefty’s Council, appointed under the Authority of an Ad paffed 4 in the Fifty firft Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to 4 provide for the Adminiftration of the Royal Authority, and for tht 4 Care of His Majefty*s Royal Perfon, during the Continuance of Hu 4 Majefty*s lllnefs, and for the Refumption of the Exercife of the Royal 4 Authority by His Majefty, by reafon of their official Doties are 4 frequently unable to give fuch perfonal Attendance, and it it 4 therefore fit that the Number of the Members of fuch Council 4 fhould be increafed:’ Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That George Earl of Macclesfield, William Lord Bifhop of London, Alleyne Lord Saint Helens, and Morton Lord Henley, fhall be and are hereby conftituted and appointed Members of Her Majefty’s faid Council; and if it fhould happen that any of them (hould depart this Life, or by Id-ftrument in Writing fignify to Her Majefty their Intention to decline to ad, that then it fhall be lawful for Her Moft Excellent Majefty, by any Inftruipent or Inftruments in Writing, revocable at HerWiH and Pleafure, to nominate and appoint fome one Perfon, being or having been a Member of His Majefty’s Moft Honourable Privy Council, to be a Member of Her Majefty’s faid Council in the room or place of each and every of them fo departing this Life, or declining to ad as aforefaid; every of which Members hereby conftituted and appointed, and fo to be nominated and appointed, fhall have fuch and tne like Powers and Authorities, and execute and difebarge fuch and the like Duties, as any of the prefent Members of Her Mi-jefty’s Council now hath, or can or may execute or difeharge under the Provifions and Authorities made and given by the faid before mentioned Ad, firft taking the Oath required to be taken by the Members of Her Majefty’s Council by the faid Ad, in the manner and at the time thereby preferibed; provided that every fuch Nomination and Appointment fo to be made by Her Majefty as aforefaid fhall be forthwith certified by an Inftrument in Writing, figned and fealed by Her Majefty, to the Lords of His Majefty’s Moft Honourable Privy Council, and fhall be entered in the Books of the faid Privy Council.

II. And

A. D. 1818.

58° GEO. HI.

C. 90.

373



II.	And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That fo ji0.3. c. z. much of the faid Ad, paffed in the Fifty firft Year of His Majefty’s § «•

Reign, as ena&s, that in the cafe therein for that Purpofe mentioned,

The Regent of the United Kingdom fhould forthwith order and direct a Proclamation to be iffiied under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, and publiflied, declaring as in the faid Ad is direded; and alio fo much of the faid Ad as enads, as therein is enaded, in cafe fuch Proclamation fo ordered and direded by The Regent fhould iffue, touching the Meeting and Sitting of the Parliament at that time in being, or of the laft preceding Parliament, or of a new Parliament, in the refpedive cafes in which it is by the faid Ad provided that fuch Parliaments refpedively fhould immediately meet, convene and fit; fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed.	.	repealed.

III.	And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid. That In what cafe the if the cafe fhall happen in which it was enaded by the faid Ad, that c,rf of

The Regent fhould forthwith order and dired fuch Proclamation to be iffued and publifhed as aforefaid, then, from and immediately after the fame fhall happen, the Care of Hia Majefty’t facred Perfon, Couocil, until and all and every the Powers and Authorities veiled in Her Majefty Parliament make by Parliament touching the Care of His Majefty’s Perfon, and the Prwifion ihere-difpofing, ordering and managing all matters and things relating in* thereto, fhall become veiled and continue veiled in Her Majefty’s Council, until Parliament fhall make due Provifion relating thereto, in like manner and as fully as fuch Care, Powers and Authorities were veiled or intended to be veiled in fuch cafe by the before mentioned Ad of the Fifty firft Year of His Majefty’s Reign in Her Majefty’s Council, until fuch due Provifion fhould have been made according to the faid Ad.

IV. And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid. That }n	cafe,and if fuch cafe as aforefaid (hall happen, and the Parliament in being at jf

the time fhall then be feparated. The Regent (hall forthwith caufe clarion to*Ss* to be iffued and publifhed a Proclamation under the Great Seal of iflued for Meet-the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,, declaring that ins within 60 fuch cafe hath happened, and requiring the (aid Parliament to meet Day** and fit at Wcftminfier at the Day to which fuch Parliament had been adjourned or prorogued, or upon fome Day to be mentioned in fuch Proclamation, and being within Sixty Days, to be computed from the Date of fuch Proclamation, and the Parliament fhall thereby be deemed and taken to be duly prorogued to fuch Day fo to be mentioned in fuch Proclamation.

V.	And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid. That If no Parlm-

if fuch cafe as aforefaid fhall happen, and there fhall be no Parliament	«nd frch

in being at the time, and the lame fhall happen before the Day ap-	5?ptnf bt”

pointed by any Writs of Summons then iffued for calling and afiem-	°

bling a new Parliament, then and in fuch cafe The Regent fhall pointed by forthwith caufe to be iffued and publifhed a Proclamation under Writ of Sum-the Great Seal aforefaid declaring that fuch cafe hath happened, and mon.,»p.*?cla-requiring fuch new Parliament to convene and fit at IVeflminfier,	**

either upon the Day appointed by fuch Writs of Summons for affem* t^2#men" bling the new Parliament, or upon fome Day to be mentioned in fuch Proclamation, and being within Sixty Days, to be computed from

the Date of fuch Proclamation; and in fuch latter cafe, upon tbe Day appointed by the faid Writs of Summons for affembung the

B b 3	new

C. $0.

58® GEO. III.

A.D.181S.

If fucti cafe hap pen on or after Day appointed by fuch Writ, Proclamation ifTued as herein mentioned.

.17 0.3.0127, ^3®

*1 G.3. c. X. 5

In cafe of Demise of His Majefty, or of The Regent, fubfequent to

Diftbiution or

■ew Parliament, the fame fhall in the due and accuftomed manner be prorogued to fuch Day fo to be mentioned in fuch Proclamation.

VL And be it alfo ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That if fuch cafe as aforefaid (hall happen upon or after the Day appointed by any Writ of Summons then ifTued for calling and affembling a new Parliament, and before fuch new Parliament fhall have met and fat as a Parliament, then and in fuch cafe The Regent fhall forthwith caufe fuch a Proclamation as aforefaid to be ifTued and publifhed, declaring that fuch cafe hath happened, and requiring the new Parliament either to convene and fit at Weftminjler immediately after fuch Proclamation fhall have been publifhed, or upon fome Day to be mentioned in fuch Proclamation, and being within Sixty Days, to be computed from the Date of the faid Proclamation ; and in each cait the Parliament fo convening and fitting fhall be and be deemed to be a Parliament to all Intents and Purpofes under the Provifions of this A&.

* VII. And Whereas by an A& paffed in the Thirty feventh Yew 4 of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A8to Jboria 4 the time now required for giving Notice of the Royal Intention of 4 Hu Majefly, His Heirs and Succejfbrs, that the Parliament Jbeil 4 meet and he holden for the Difpateh of Bujinefs, and more efiSnallj 4 to provide for the Meeting of Parliament in the cafe of a Dewife 4 of the Crown; it is amongft other things ena&ed, that in the 4 eafe of the Demife of His Majefty, His Heirs or Succefion, fob-4 fequent to the DifTolutioo or Expiration of a Parliament, and before 4 the Day appointed by the Writs of Summons for 'affembling a new 4 Parliament, the laft preceding Parliament fhall immediately convene 4 and fit at Wejlminfler, and be a Parliament, for fuch time to ill 4 Intents and Purpofes,'and fubje& as therein is provided: And

*	Whereas by the aforefaid A& paffed in the Fifty firft Year of Ha 4 Majefty*8 Reign, it is amongft other things ena&ed, that if Hh 4 Royal Highnefs The Prince of Wales fhall depart this Life daring 4 the Continuance of the Regency by that A6k eftablifhed, or cetfi

*	to be Regent under any of the Prorifions thereof, the Lordi of 4 His Majefty’s mod Honourable Privy Council fhall forthwith caufe 4 a Proclamation to be iffued in His Majefty’* Name, under the Greit

*	Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, de-

*	daring the fame ) and in cafe any fueh Proclamation fhall iffue tt 4 any time fubfequent to the Diffolution or Expiration of a Parlia-4 ment, and before the Day appointed by any Writs of Sdbqbmsi

*	then iffued for affembling a new Parliament, then and in fuch cafe 4 the laft preceding Parliament fhall immediately convene and fit at 4 Weftminjler, and be a Parliament, for fuch time to all Intenta sod 4 Purpofes, and fubje& as therein is mentioned: And Whereat 4 Doubts may arife as to the Effe& of the Demife of His Majeflj, 4 and of His Royal Highnefs The Prince of Wales, Regent, reaped-4 ively, or of His Royal Highnefs ceafing to be Regent as afoiefaid, 4 fubfequent to the Diffolution or Expiration of a Parliament, and 4 before the Day appointed by any Writs of Summons then iffued 4 for affembling a new Parliament,* with refpe& to the Execution or 4 further Execution of fuch Writs of Summons ;* JBe it therefore declared and ena&ed, That upon fuch Events refpe&ively taking place as aforefaid fubfequent to the Diffolution or Expiration of a Parliament, and before the Day appointed by any Writs of Summons

JLD. 1818,

*6’GEO. III.

375

C.90,91.

niontf then iffbed for iflembling a new Parliament, fuch Writ# of Expiration of Summon* (hall be arid be deemed and taken to be fupeffeded and Parli,mcQt» *nd difc barged, fuch Event of Hia Majefty’* Demife being notified by b*fore.^*y af>" Proclamation under the Great 8eal, and fuoh the Demife of The Meeting0^* Prince of Wales a* aforefaid, or hie ceafing to be Regent at aforefaid, new Parliament, being notified by Proclamation under the Great Seat, fo eaufed to the Writs of be ilitied by the Lords of His Majefty’* moft Honourable Privy Summons (hall Council, and that Perfone refpe&ively charged with the Execution thereof (hall not proceed or farther proceed m the Execution of such Ewnti* * fnch Writs 5 and all A6U before done or afterwards done in the ^ng n<xified by Execution thereof (hall be deemed and taken to be invalid and of no Proclamation.

Efiea.

VIII. Provided neverthelefa, and be it tfna&ed by the Authority Prorifofor A£b aforefaid, That nothing herein contained, nor any Ad which (hall be P*fovidinS **,rplhe done by virtue hereof, (hall be deemed or taken to repeal, or m any lUmVntta cafo Manner to alter or afted* otherwife than ia herein exprefsfy pro* 0f D*mU* of Tided, the Provifions of any Ad or Ads of Parliament heretofore His Majefty, pafied and now in force, fo far as the fame regulate, require? or &c. provide for the meeting, convening and fitting of Parliament i/* cafe of the Demife of His Majefty, or His Heir or Heirs, Suceeflbr of Suceefibrs, or in cafe The Regent (hall depart this Life or eeafe to be Regent, or to repeal, alter or affed the Provifion heretofore made by any Ad now in force for (hortentng the time which had before been required for giving Notice of the Royal Intention1 that the Parliament (hould meet and be holden for the Difpatcb of Bufinefs.

CAP. XCI.

An Ad for appointing Commiflioners to inquire concerning Charities in England for the Education of the Poor.

[10th June 1818.]

4 TK7HEREAS it is highly expedient that an Inquiry (hould be 4 W made, by Coraraimoner* to be fpeoiaily appointed, into the 4 Amount, Nature and Application of the Produce of any EAntes

*	or Funds which hare from time to time been devifed or otherwife 4 appropriated by pious and well difpofed Perfons to the Purpofe of

*	the Education of the Poor; and whether any Breaches of Truft,

*	Irregularities or Abufes have been pradifed or happened in the 4 Management and Employment thereof, and whether, by Change of 4 Circumftances or other Caufes, the fame cannot be beneficially ap-‘ plied for the Purpofes originally intendedBe it therefore enaded by The King’s MoA Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice arid Confent of tne Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, iri this

pvefent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That Commlflioner* it (hall and may be lawful for His Majefty to iffue a CommifEoit appointed to in* under the Great Seal to any* Number of Perfons not erceediiig Four-- into the teen,> who (hall be conftituted Comm&ffioners for the Purpofes intended by this Ad; and that they the faid Commiffionets or any Three of* ™ent ciuiri-thetfi (hall and they are hereby empowered and required to examine ties conneded xfltty and irtveftigate the Amount,- Nature and- Application of all with Education Efbmwaad Funds, of what Nature or Kind foever, and the Product of th* Poor, thereof deftined or intended to- be applied to- the Purpofe of edu*>

Ottriug the Poor in- England and Wales, in (b fhr as fudh Produce (hall appear XU be defined or applied for the Purpofe Of educating

B b 4	the

C.91

58° geo. HI.

A.D.1818.

To report Half Yewly to Tlte King and Parliament.

And in eafes where Eftates cannot be applied.

Oath to be ad-miniftered to Commiffioners.

Salaries to a certain Number of Commiffioners.

Appointment of Secretary,

the Poor, and to examine into and inveftigate all Breached of Truft, Irregularities, Frauds, Abufes or fuppofea Abufes or Mifconduft, in relation to and in the Management or Appropriation or Nonappro-priation or Mifappropriation of fuch £ dates and Funds; and the faid Commiffioners or any Three of them (hall, once in each Half Year during the Continuance of the faid Commiffion, report and certify, in Writing under their Hands and Seals, to The King1* Moft Excellent Majefty, and to both Houfe9 of Parliament, their Proceedings, touching the Amount, Nature, Management, Application and Appropriation of fuch of the aforefaid Eftates and Funds as they (hall hare inquired and examined into, and alfo what it the Nature of fuch Eftates and Funds refpeftively, and the a&ual annual Produce thereof, and what is the a&ual annual Value thereof, and in whofe Pofteffion as Tenants thereof, any Part thereof confiding of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments (hall be, adding at the fame time fuch Observations as fhall occur to them refpe&ing fuch Mode as they fhall deem moft effe&ual for the recovering of fuch Part or Parts of fuch Eftates.or Funds as fhall appear to them to have been applied in breach of the feveral Trufts created in refpedt oT the fame, or fhall appear to have been omitted to be applied in purfuance of fuch Trufts, and fubjoining fuch Suggeftions as may feem to them expedient refpe&ing the moft effe&ual Mode of fecuring fuch Eftates and Funds, and their refpe&ive Produce, again ft any future Mifcp-plication thereof.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That if upon fuch Inquiry as afore-faid, it fhall appear to the faid Commiffioners that from any Caufe whatsoever it has become impoffible to apply the Eftates or Fundi aforefaid, or any Part thereof, to the Purpofes to which the fame were deftined or dire&ed to be applied, the faid Commiffioners fhall report the fpecial Circumfiances of each cafe.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Commiffioners to be appointed by virtue of this A& fhall each of them, previoufly to his entering upon the Execution of the fame, take an Oath before the Chancellor of the Exchequer or the Mafter of the Rolls for the time being (which Oath they are hereby refpe&ively authorized aod required to adminifter), the Tenor whereof fhall be as followeth; (that is to fay,)

*	J A. B. do fwear that, according to the beft of my Skill and ‘ Knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially and truly execute the 1 feveral Powers and Trufts veiled in me by an A& intituled An

*	A8 \here infert the Title of this A&J, according to the Tenor and 4 Purport of the faid A&,*

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Remuneration fhall be given, for and in refpe& of the Execution of this Ad, to fuch of the faid Commiffioners as fhall be Members of either Houfe of Parliament, nor to any Number exceeding Eight of the other Commif-fioners; but there (hall be allowed and paid to every fuch Com-miffioner fuch reafonable Sums, for and in refpe& of fuch travelling Ex pence* as may come to be incurred in the Execution of this Aa, as in the Judgment of the Lords Commiffioners of His Majeftj’s Treafury, or Lord High Treafurer for the time being, fhall be deemed requifite; and tne faid Commiffioners are hereby authorized to appoint and employ fuch Secretary, Clerks, MefTengers and Officers

A.D.1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. 91

377

cere not exceeding in the whole One Secretary, Four Clerks, Four Mefiengers and Two other Officers, as they (hall think meet, and to adminifter to the faid Secretary, Clerks and Officers refpe&ively, an Oath for his true and faithful Demeanour in all things relating to the due Performance of any Truft refpe&ing the Execution of this A& repofed in him by the (aid Commiffioners, and in all other things touching the Premifes; which Secretary, Clerks and Officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the faid Truft in them federally and refpe&ively repofed, without taking any thing for fuch their Service, other than fuch Salary or Reward as the faid Com-raiffioners (hall think fit to diredfc and appoint in their behalf; and the Lords Commiffioners of the Treafury, or Lord High Treafurer for the time being, are hereby authorized and required to iffue and caufe to be paid any Sums of Money, not exceeding Four thoufand Pounds, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commiffioners (hall by Writing under their Hands defire or dired, out of the Confolidated Fund of ' the United Kingdom of Gnat Britain and Inland; which Sums, when fo iffued and paid, (hall be employed for the Payment to the faid Commiffioners for their travelling Expences, as alfo for the Pay-

*	ment of fuch Secretary, Clerks, Mefiengers or other Officers, and in

:	defraying	ail	other	necefTary	Charges	in	or	about	the Execution of

/ the Powers of this Ad, and in fuch manner and in fuch Proportions

aa (hall be appointed by the faid Commiffioners by Writing under

*	their Hands on that behalf, the fame to be accounted for by the Perfon or Perfons to .whom the fame (hall be ifiued or paid according

\ to the Courfe of His Majefty’a Exchequer without any Fees or other Charges to be taken or demanded for the ifiuing and Payment of the r‘ fame, on the paffing of the faid Accounts, other than fuch Sum as the ; (aid Commiffioners (hall appoint.

V. And be it further enaded. That for the Purpofe of profecuting the Inquiries and Examinations by this Ad direded, the faid Com-' miffioners or any Three of them (hall meet, and from time to time, with or without Adjournment, hold their Sittings within the City of f JVeJlminJlcr, or in any other City, Town, Borough, Hamlet, Village or Place refpedively in England, which to them (hall appear moft convenient for executing the Purpofes of this Ad; and the faid Com-1 miffioners are hereby authorized to require, by a Precept under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any Three of them, from any Perfon or Perfons ading as a Truftee for any of the (aid Eftates or Funds, or having any Concern in the Management or Adminiftration of the fame, or in the Payment or Receipt of any of the faid Funds or Eftates, or any Charge upon any Fund or Eftate applicable to the Purpofes of Education as atorefaid, to render to the faid Commiffioners a true Account, as far as confifts with their Knowledge, of all that relates to fuch Funds or Eftates as aforefaid under their Truft or Management, or on account of which they may have aded in making or receiving Payments; and, as often as Need (hall be, to fend their Precept or Precepts under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any Three of them, for any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever to attend them, and require fuch Perfon or Perfons to bring with him or her any Deed, Paper, Writing, Inftrument or other Document, being4 in his or her Cuftody and Pofleffion, and relating to any fuch Eftates or Funds, or the Produce thereof, and to the Receipt or Application or Nonapplication or

Mif-

Clerks, Mef-fengert. See.

No Fee to Secretary ,Ac. beyond Salary.

Fund for levelling Expences to Commiffioners, and Salary to Officers, Sec.

Commiffioners to hold Meetings at various Places, and fummon Perfons, and fend for Papers.

A

378

C. 91.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Expence* paid and Perfoni not compelled io travel more than Ten Miles.

Purchafers of Premifei without Notice not bound further to anfwer Interrogatories, nor to produce Title Deeds, See.

Commiffioners empowered to examine upon Oath.

Mortgagees, Truftees, &c. not compellable to produce Deeds, without Notice to Mortgagor,^.

Nor when liable thereby to Penalties.

Mi (application thereof, which (hall in the Judgment of fuch Coo-miffioners be conducive and neceflary to the due Execution of the Par-pofes of this AGt; and every Perfon to whom fuch Precept (hall a aforefaid hare been addrefled and delivered, is hereby required and dire died punctually to attend the faid Commiffioners at fuch time aad Place as (hall by them for that Purpofe have beeu appointed; aad to every fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be paid fuch Sum of Money at is the Judgment of the faid Commiffioners (hall be juft and reafonable: Provided always that no fuch Perfon (hall be obliged to travel, h obedience to fuch Precept, more than Ten Miles from his or her Place of Abode.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That if any Perfon who (hall be fummoned to appear before the faid Commiffioners, or before any Three of them, (hall, upon his or her Examination, allege, that he or (he hath purchafed or obtained for valuable Confideration any Eft&te or Intereft of, in, to or out of any Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities, Hereditaments, Goods or Chattels, touching which he or (he (hall be fought to be fo examined, without Fraud or Covin,' having no Notice of any Charitable Truft or Ufe to which the faid Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities, Hereditaments, Goods or Chattels, or any Charge thereon, have ben given, limited or appointed, then fuch Perfon (hall not be bound to make further Anfwer to any Interrogatory of fuch Commiffioners, bot to produce or to (hew to the faid Commiffioners any Deed, Paper, Writing, Inftrument or other Document relating to his or her Eftite or Intereft in fuch Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities, Hereditaments, Goods or Chattels.

VII.	And for the rendering more effe&ual all fuch Examination as are intended to be had under this Aft, be it enacted, That the fad Commiffioners are hereby authorized to examine upon Oath, or Affirmation of Perfons being Quakers (which Oath or Affirmation they or any Three of them are hereby authorized to adminifter), afl Perfons whom they are by the Provifions of this A A empowered to call before them to be examined, touching all matters and things neceflary for the ExecntiOn of the Powers vefted in them by tbs Aft.

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed, That no Perfon having the Cuftody of any Deed, Paper, Writing, Inftrument or other Document, as Mortgagee, Truftee or Agent, Solicitor or Attorney, (hall be compellable to produce the fame, or to give any Evidence» to the Contents thereof, without Notice being firft given to his Mortgagor, Ceftuique Truft or Principal, and the faid Mortgagor, Cef-tuique Truft or Principal, being examined touching the lame by the faid Commiffioners; and in cafe fuch Mortgagor, Ceftuique Truft or Principal (hall by the Provifionx of this A6k be exempted fro® producing the faid Deed, Paper, Writing, Inftrument or other Document, then the Mortgagee, Truftee or Agent, Solicitor or Attorney, (hall not be bound to produce or (hew the fame, or give any Evidence of the Contents thereof, to the faid Commiffioners: Provided alfo, that no Perfon (hall be compellable to anfwer any Qurifcon, or to produce anv Deed, Paper, Writing, Inftrument or otter Document, the An&ver to which, or the Produ&ion of which, may criminate or tend to criminate fuch Perfon* or to erpofir fiicft Perfon to any Pains or Penalties*

IX. Pro-

58° GEO. III.

C.9L

S79

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That it {hall and may be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, or any Three of them from time to time to dired and authorize any Three or more of their own Number to refort to fuch City, Town, Borough, Hamlet, Village or Place in England as to them the faid Commiflioners or any Three of them (hall appear moll convenient for executing the Purpofes of this Ad; and that any Three fuch Commiflioners (hall hare the fame Powers of iffuing Precepts, adminiftering Oaths, and condu&ing the Examinations prescribed by this Ad, and under the fame Rules and Regulations, as are hereby veiled in the faid Commiflioners : Provided always, that fuch Three Commiflioners (hall and they are hereby required ‘ to caufe the Examinations which (hall be taken before tnem, and all Papers and Documents, being Parts of fuch Examination, to be from time to time tranfmitted to the Secretary of the faid Com-xniflioners at their Office in Wcjlminjltr aforefaid.

X.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe any Perfon, upon Examination on Oath, or being a Quaker upon Affirmation, before the^faid Commiflioners, or before any Three of them, (hall wilfully »nd corruptly give falfe Evidence, every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being thereof duly convided, (hall be and is hereby declared to be fubjed and liable to fuch Pains and Penalties as under any Law now in force may be inflided on Perfons convided of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XI.	And be it further enaded. That in cafe of a Vacancy or Vacancies by the Death, Removal or Refignation of any one of fuch Commiflioners, it fhall be lawful for His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflors, to nominate and appoint fuch Perfon or Perfons as he or they may think proper for the fupplying of fuch Vacancy or Vacancies.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That none of the Proviflons hereinbefore contained (hall be conftrued to extend to either of the Univerfi ties of Oxford or Cambridge nor to any College or Hall within the fame, nor to any Schools or other Endowment# of which the faid Universities, Colleges or Halls are Truftces, nor to the Colleges of Wejlminder* Eton or Wincheftr% or to the Cbarterhowfe, or the Schools of Harrow or Rugby>, or any of them, nor to any Cathedral or Collegiate Church within England* nor to any College, Free School or other charitable Inftitution for the Purpofes of Education, which have Special Vifitors, Governors or Overfeers appointed by their Founders, nor to any Funds applicable to the Purpofes of Education for the Benefit of any Perfons of the Jewifb Periuafion, or the People called Quakers, or Perfon or Perfons of the Roman Catholic Perfuafion, and which (hall be under the Superintendence and Control of Perfons of fuch Perfuafions refpedively : Provided always, that the faid Commiflioners (hall report, as hereinbefore direded, the Names of all fuch Chanties aforefaid as have Special Vifitors, Governors or Overfeers appointed.

XIII* And be it further enaded, That any Adion or Suit which (hall be brought or commenced again (I any luch Commiffionert, for any thing done or aded by him or them under this Ad, fhall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed (in refped of which fuch Adion or Suit (hall be brought or commenced), and not afterwards; and the Defendant os Defendants in every fuch Adion or Suit may plead the Getwvnl iffut, and give

Commiflioners may appoint Three of their Number to refort to any Place in Kng> land for execur. ing the Purpofes of this A&. Examination*, See. fent to Secretary.

Perjury.

Vacancies of Commiflioners to be filled up by the Crown.

Provifo for Uniwfities, Public Schools, &c.

Commiffionert to report Charities having Special Vifitors.

Limitation of Adion*.

General IfTue.

C.91,9 2.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.181S.

Treble CofU.

A€t may be altered, Ice. this Seffioo.

Continuance of

xa.

Public Aa.

51 G. 3. c. X06. 54 G.3. c.120.

54 G. 3. c.4/.

this Ad and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be bad thereupon; and if fuch Adion or Suit (hall be brought or cow-menced after the time fo limited for bringing the fame, then the Jury ft all find a Verdid for the Defendant or Defendants 5 and io fuch cafe, or if the Jury fhall find a Verdid for the Defendant or Defendants upon the Merits, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs M become nonfuit, or difeontinue his, her or their Adion after Appearance, or if upon Demurrer Judgment ftiall be given agamit the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants (hall bait Treble Cods, which he or they (hall and may recover in fad and the fame manner as any Defendant can by Law in other cafes.

XIV.	And be it further enaded. That this AA may be altered, amended or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be paffed in this Seffioa of Parliament.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall continue sod be in force until the Firft Day of Augufi One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, and until the End of the next Seflion of Parliament

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad ftiall be deemed and taken to be a Public Ad, and (hall he judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juft ices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

CAP. XCII.

An AA to consolidate and amend the Provifions of fevenl AAs, paffed in the Fifty firft and Fifty fecond Years re-fpeAively of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for enabling Wives and Families of Soldiers to return to* their Homes.

[10th June 1818.]

WHEREAS an Ad paffed in the Fifty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aa for enabki 4 the Wives and Families of Soldiers embarked for Foreign Soviet, 4 to return to their Homes : And Whereas another Ad paffed io 4 the Fifty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, * intituled An A8 to explain, amend and extend the Provifions of st 4 AS paffed in the laft Sejfion of Parliament, for enabling the ones 4 and Families of Soldiers to return to their Homes, to the Widow, 4 Wives and Families of Soldiers dying or employed on Foreign 4 Service : And Whereas another Ad paffed in the (aid Fifty fecond * Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad fnr 4 enabling the Wives and Families of Soldiers embarked in Ireland 4 for Foreign Service, to return to their Homes : And Whereat many 4 Frauds have been pradifed again fl the Provifions of the faid A At, 4 and falfe Certificates ufed to procure the Allowances granted * by the fame ; and it is therefore expedient that effedual Prowfion 4 (hould be made for the Prevention of fuch Frauds, and that further 4 and more effedual Provifion (hould be made for enabling the * Wives and Children of Soldiers, embarking from Great Britain or 4 Ireland for Foreign Service, and the Widows and Children of 4 Soldiers dying in the Service, to return to their Homes; and for 4 that Purpofe that the faid Ads (hould be consolidated into One 4 Ad, and the Provifions thereof extended and amended:' Beit therefore enaded by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

* -	and

58° GEO. Ill

C.92,

S81

and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid feveral recited A£ts (hall be > and the fame are hereby repealed ; fave and except as to all cafes of any Offences committed, or Frauds pra&ifed againft the faid Ads, and as to any Profecutions for any fuch Offences or Frauds, and fave and except as to the paying, reimburfing or accounting for any Money under any of the Provifions thereof.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the Secretary at War in Great Britain, or the Chief Secretary, or in his Abfence the Under Secretary for the Military Department in Ireland, to ifTue Paffes to be filled up by any Magi ft rates or Juftices of the Peace under the Provifions of this Ad, for granting Allowances to enable the Wives and Widows and Children of Soldiers defirous of returning to their own Homes, in certain cafes fpecified in this Ad, and in any other cafes in which the Secretary at War in Great Britain, or the faid Chief Secretary or Under Secretary in Ireland, fhall think, under the fpecial Circumfiances, that it is expedient to give fuch Allowances; and to make fuch Rules and Regulations in relation to the iffuing and filling up fuch PafTes, and the Certificates and Vouchers upon which the fam? are to be ifTued and Allowances advanced, as the Secretary at War in Great Britain, or the faid Chief Secretary or Under Secretary in Ireland, fhall think fit.

III.	And be it further enaded. That the Commanding Officer of every Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Detachment, about to embark for Foreign Service, and the Commanding Officer of every

ament, Battalion, Corps or Detachment, in which any Soldier die on Service, leaving any Widows or Children deftitute of the Means of returning to their refpedive Homes, fhall caufe a Return to be made out of the Wives, Widows and Children of the Soldiers belonging to fuch Regiment, Battalion, Corps .or Detachment, who are defirous of returning to their Homes, and are unable to do fo without the Affiftance of the Allowances authorized by this Ad, dating in fuch Returns the feveral Places of Refidence to which fuch Wives, Widows and Children are defirous of proceeding, and whether in Great Britain or Ireland refpedively ; and fhall give to every fuch Wife or Widow a Duplicate of fuch Part of fuch Return as fhall apply to each* Wife or Widow and her Child or Children refpedively, certifying thereon under his Hand, that the Perfon to whom fuch Duplicate Certificate is given, is the Widow, Wife or reputed Wife, and the Child or Children of a Soldier in his Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Detachment, and diftindly dating in he Body of fuch Duplicate Certificate, that the fame does not entitle uch Wife or Widow, or Child or Children, to any Allowance whatever, and that no Payment or Allowance whatever fhall be made hereupon, but that fuch Duplicate Certificate is only given for the Purpofe of identifying fuch Wife or Widow, or Child or Children, >efore the Magidrate or Judice, and of enabling him to fill up fuch Pals as (hall be allowed by the Secretary at War in Great Britain, >r Chief Secretary or Under Secretary in Ireland, in that behalf; md every fuch Commanding Officer mail tranfmit all fuch Returns is aforefaid, or Duplicate Copies thereof, as relate to any Wives or Widows of Soldiers defirous of returning to their Homes in Great Britain, to the Secretary at War in London, and of fuch as are defirous

repealed.

Provifo,

Secretary at War in G. B. and Secretary for Military Department in I. may iflue Paffes, to be filled up by Magiflrates, and make Regulations relating thereto.

Upon Regiments being ordered on Foreign Service, &c. how Women and Children are to be dif-pofed of, and enabled to return to their Homes.

392

C. 92.

58* GEO. Ill;

A.D. 1818.

Duplicate Pa flea to be taken to Mjgiftrttei, in order to their being filled up and figned ;

end to be certified and Route made cut

by M.igiftrate.

Overfeers of the Poor in England, and Treafurer of Kirk Seffion in Scotland, or Poftmafter in Ireland, to make Allowance upon PaflTes;

and Indorl'e.

Money fo advanced by Over-feeror Treafurer to be repaid by Collector of Exctfe.

firous bf returning to their Homes in Ireland, to the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary for the Military Department in Dublin g and is every cafe in which any fuch Wives, Widows and Children may haw to travel through any Part cf Ireland to proceed to their Homes in Great Britain, or through any Part of Great Britain to proceed to their Homes in Ireland, every fuch Officer (hall tranfmit Duplicates of fuch Returns both to the Secretary at War in London aad Chief Secretary or Under Secretary aforefaid in Dublin, or of filch Parts thereof as relate to fuch laft mentioned Wives, Widows and Children as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further enaCted, That each Wife or Widow, to whom any fuch Duplicate (hall have been delivered as aforefaid, fell forthwith take the fame to fome neighbouring Juftice or Magiftrate, who (hall fill up and fign fuch an engraved Copper Plate Form of Pafs, bearing His Majefty’s Arms, ana figned by the Secretary it War, or by an Officer in his Department, and fealed with hit Official Seal in Great Britainf or a like Form or Pafs figned by the (aid Chief Secretary or Under Secretary for the Military Department in Dublin, or lome Officer in his Department, and fealed with fait Official Seal if in Ireland, as (hall have been tranfmitted to fock Magiftrate or Juftice by the Secretary at War or Chief Secretary or Under Secretary aforefaid refpe&ively, or as (hall be fo tranfmitted upon Application made by fuch Magiftrate or Juftice of the Peace for the Purpofes of this A6t ; and every fuch Magiftrate or Juftice of the Peace (hall fill up the Blanks in fuch Pafs and certify the fame, and make out a Route in th» proper Column for fuch Wife or Widow and Child or Children (if any), fpecifying the Place to which fuch Woman is going and her Route; and (hall deliver fuch Pafs to her in exchange for the Duplicate Certificate of the Commanding Officer aforefaid, in order that (he may receive fuch Allow, ances as are authorized by this A&, not exceeding per Mile One Penny Halfpenny for herfelf, and One Penny for each Child.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That upon Production of fuch Pads to any Overfeer of the Poor if in England, or any Treafurer of the Kirk Seffion if in Scotland, or Poftmafter if in Ireland, of any Place through which fuch Woman (hall proceed, according to the Route f^ecified in fuch Pafs, he (hall, out of any Money in his Hands applicable to the Relief of the Poor, if an Overfeer of the Poor, or Treafurer of Kirk Seffion, or out of any Public Money in his Hands if a Poftmafter, pay her an Allowance not exceeding the Rateper Mile fpecified in fuch Pafs as aforefaid for the Number of Miles to the next City, Town or Place to which (he may be going, not exceeding Eighteen Miles; and he (hall indorfe on fuch Palis the Money fo paid, and take a Receipt from the Woman, figned witt her Hand or with her Mark, fpecifying the Regiment, Battalioo, Corps or Detachment to which her Hufband belongs, or if a Widow, did belong, fo as that the Defcription on the Receipt may correfpood with the Defcription in the Pafs fo produced to him as aforefaid.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Sums fo advanced by any fuch Overfeer or Treafurer of Kirk Seffion (hall, upon Production and Delivery of fuch Receipt to the Collector of Excite of the Diftrift within which fuch Overfeer or Treafurer of Kirk Seffion a&a as fuch, or any Perfou officiating for fuch Collector, be repaid to fuch Overfeer or Treofuoer of Kirk Seffieo, for the Ufe of the

13	Fund

A. D. 1818.

W GEO. IIL

e. 92.

S83

Fuad for the Relief of the Poor, by fuch Coliedor of Excife or

other Perfon, out of any Public Monies in his Hands; and all Sums Advanced by

fo repaid, and all Sums advanced for fuch Allowances by any Poft- Poftmafter, a 1-

mafter or Perfon ading as Poftmafter in Ireland, fhall be allowed in ****1in A**

their reipedive Accounts ; and every fuch Overfeer or Treafurer of COU|lt,5

Kirk Seflioa (hall give to the Colledor of Excife at the time of

fuch Repayment, a Receipt for the Money fo repaid;, and fuch

Receipt of the Overfeer or Treafurer of Kirk Seffion, together with

the Receipt of the Woman, (hall be taken as Ca(h in the Payment

of the Duties of Excife received by fuch Collector, the Receipt

of the Woman for any fuch Allowance paid by any Poftmafter or

Perfon ading as Poftmafter in Ireland, (hall be taken as Ca(h in the

Payment of the Poft Office Duties in Ireland received by fuch Poft-

malier or Perfon aforefaid, and allowed in their refpedive Accounts

accordingly; and all Sums of Money fo advanced out of any Duties and repaid by

of Excite in Great Britain, (hall be repaid by the General Agent, Apnt, Ac,

or by any other Perfon to be appointed for that Purpofe by the	Secretary.

Secretary at War in London% to fuch Perfon or Perlons as (hall

be authorized by the Commiffioners of Excife in England or Scotland

refpedively to draw for or receive the fame for or on account of the

fame Duties ; and all Sums of Money fo advanced in Ireland (hall be

repaid by the General Agent, or by any other Perfon to be appointed

for that Purpofe by the Chief Secretary, or in his Abfence the Under

Secretary for the Military Department in Ireland, to the Receiver

General of His Majefty’f Poft Office in Ireland.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That in the In Dublin, Ap-City of Dublin every fuch Woman (hall, in every Inftance, apply to Flic,tion bX the Agent of the Regiment (if any) in Dublin to which (he (hall

belong, and not to the Poftmafter or Perfon ading as fuch, and 5* Regiment" fuch Agent (hall and may pay and advance in any cale fuch Money, who may ad-' and indorfe and fubfcribe fuch Certificate as aforefaid* and (hall be vancc Money, allowed fuch Sum fg paid in his Accounts ; and every fuch Indorfe-meqt (hall be of the lame Force, Validity and Effed, to all Intents and Purpofea, as if the fame had been done by a Perfon ading aa the Poftmafter in manner aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it further enaded* That if, by reafon of any Sick- i» ofSick-nefs or Accident, any fuch Woman or Women, and Child or Children,

(hall have been left at any Place of Embarkation, or at the laft low^nce, al-Quarters of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps or Detachmeat, or though Rrgub-at any Place on the March from fuch laft Quarters to any Place of i»ont of Ad not Embarkation, and the Regulations and Provifions of this Ad, for P#rformed-giving any fuch Allowances as aforefaid, (hall not have been performed* and any fuch Woman or Women, or Child or Children, (hall have been omitted in any fuch Return as aforefaid* then and in And Command-every fuch cafe it (hall he lawful for the Officer commanding, where »ng Officer to fuch Woman or Women and Child or Children (hall have been fo make R*10™* left* to make out fuch Return as is preferibed by this Ad, of fuch Woman or Women and Child or Children, apd to tranftnit the fame to the War Office in London or Dublin as aforefaid, as the cafe, may require, and to give to every fuch Woman fuch Duplicate at aforefaid, and alfo to tranfmit any fuch further Return as may be uecefTary*. under any fpecial Circumftances of the cafe, to the Secretary at War in London% or Chief Secretary or Under Secretary at Dublin* at the cafe may require; and every fuch Return and Dupli*

58* GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Pafi when to be delivered up;

and tranfimtted to proper Officer.

la cafe of being detained by contrary Winds, fcc. Overfeer, &c. on Order of Juftice, to make proper Allowances.

What deemed a Sufficient Voucher for Payment.

Wives and Widows of Soldiers not conforming to Regulations, Vagrants.

C. 92, 93.

cate refpedively (hall be of the fame Force and Effed in all Refpe&s, as if done in manner and by the Perfon fpecified in this Ad, in relation to Returns and Duplicates as aforefaid under this Ad.

IX.	And be jt further enaded, That every fuch Soldier’s Wife or Widow as aforefaid (hall, at the laft Place of receiving any Allowance under this Ad, antecedent to her Arrival at her Home, or st the Port or Place of Embarkation, deliver up the Pafi fo given to her as aforefaid to the Perfon fo advancing fuch Allowance, and the Overfeer of the Poor or Treafurer of the Kirk Seffion paying fuch Allowance in Great Britain (hall deliver fuch Pafs to the Colledor of Excife; and every fuch Pafs fo delivered up as aforc-faid (hall, if in Great Britain, be tranfmitted by the Colledor of Excife to the Secretary at War in London, and if in Ireland, (hall be tranfmitted by the Poftmafter or Poftmafter General to the Under Secretary for the Military Department in Dublin•

X.	And be it further enaded, That if by contrary Winds, or Want of a Vefiel ready for failing, or by tne Sicknefs of herfdt or of any of her Children, or by any other reafonable Caufc, any fuch Woman (hall be detained more than One Night at any Port or Place of Embarkation, or at any Place in her Journey, from the figning of the Pafs by a Magi (Irate or Juftice of the Peace as aforefaid, to her Arrival at fuch Port, or at her Home, whether iu Great Britain or Ireland, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Woman (ball and may apply to any Juftice of the Peace, who (hall thereupon j examine into the Fads on Oath, and if fatisfied of the Truth thereof, I (hall give fuch Woman an Order to receive from the Overfeer of the Poor, or Treafurer of the Kirk Seffion, or Perfon then ading asPoft- . mafter, as aforefaid, as the cafe may require, if on her Journey, and if

at her Port or Place of Embarkation then from the Diftrid Pay-mafter, the Sum of One Shilling a Day for the Maintenance of ber-felf, and the Sum of Sixpence a Day for each Child for whom so Allowance is fpecified in the Pafs, and fuch Payment (hall be made to her accordingly, fo long as (he (hall he fo unavoidably detained, and no longer; and fuch Order, with the Receipt of fuch Woman, and the Certificate of fome Magiftrate or Juftice of the Peace of fuch Detention, and the Period thereof, (hall he a fufficient Voucher for every fuch Payment, and every fuch Sum fo paid, being fo duly vouched, (hall he allowed and finally difeharged in manner aforefaid refpedively.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That all Wives and Widows of Soldiers having any fuch PafTes as aforefaid, and not complying with the Regulations preferibed therein and in this Ad, (hall be liable to be treated as Vagrants, and may be pafied as fuch to their Homes, either in England, Ireland or Scotland refpedively, as the cafe may he, in like manner in every refped, if no fuch Pafs had been given.

cap. xcni.

An ACt to afibrd Relief to the bond fide Holders of Negotiable . Securities, without Notice that they were given for a ufuri-- ous Confideration.	[ioth June 1818.]

•	\\T HERE AS by the Laws now in force, all Contrads and

•	W ACTurances wbatfoever, for Payment of Money, made for

•	a ufurious Confideration, are utterly void: And Whereas in the

4 Courfe

58” GEO. Ill,

385

:

C. 9S, 94,

4 Courfe of Mercantile Tranfadions, Negotiable Securities often

*	pafs into the Hands of Perfons who have difcounted the fame

•	without any Knowledge of the original Confiderations for which 4 the fame were given ; and the Avoidance of fuch Securities in 4 the Hands of fuch bond Jide Indorfees without Notice is attended 4 with great Hardfhip and InjufticeFor Remedy thereof, be it enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by tne Autho*

rity of the fame. That no Bill of Exchange or Promiffory Note, BUI of Exchange that (hall be drawn or made after the pamng of this Ad (hall, or PranifTory though it may have been given for a ufurious Confideration, or upon Notf 8***“ for • a ufurious Con trad, be void in the Hands of an Indorfee for valu- ufuriou* Confi-able Confideration, unlefs fuch Indorfee had, at the time of dif- i^^h^Hand/ct counting or paying fuch Confideration for the fame, adtual Notice indorfee without that fuch Bill of Exchange or Promiffory Note had been originally Notice, given for a ufurious Confideration, or upon a ufurious Con trad.

CAP. XCIV.

An A ft to continue, until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, and to amend an AS pafied in Ireland, in the Thirty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for the Improvement and Extenfion of the Fiftieries on the Coafts of Ireland.	[loth June	1818.]

4 ¥T7HEREAS an AS was made in the Parliament of Ireland,

4 W in the Thirty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent 36 G. 3.

4 Majefty, intituled An A3 for continuing and amending the feveral continued.

4 A3t for the further Improvement and Extenfion of the Fi/heriet on 4 the Coafts of this Kingdom ; which faid recited Ad has, by feveral 4 fubfequent Ads, been continued, and is in force until and upon 4 the Twenty ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred 4 and eighteen ; and it is expedient that the faid recited Ad (hould 4 be further continued:’ Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of tbe Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Ad (hall be and the fame is hereby further continued, and (hall be in force in Ireland from the faid Twenty ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, until and upon the Twenty ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen.

II. And he it declared and enaded, That all Bounties and Allow- what Bounties ances payable under any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland upon the payable for F>th Exportation of any Fi(h caught on the Coafts of Ireland* or in cauSht refped of the Duty on the Salt ufed in the curing of Fifti caught on " Sea or in the faid Coafts, (hall be payable and paid, and allowable and allowed, Warehoufc, *c. in refped of all fuch Fi(h which, having been caught on the faid Coafts, (hall be falted and cured either at Sea or in Warehoufes op Shore, under the Infpedion of the Officers of the Cuftoms there, under Ach Rules and Regulations as are required by any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland, or as may be made from time to time by the Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland* for the Prevention of Fraud in the claiming of fuch Bounties and Drawbacks.

. 58 Geo. III.	C	c	CAP.

386

C. 95.

58® GEO. III.

A.D.181&

Sheriff to hold County Court for Eleftion of Coroner at ufual Place*

CAP. XCV.

An Aft to regulate the Eleftion of Coroners for Counties.

[ i oth June 1818*3

« TT7HEREAS - there are no fufficient Regulations for the '* W Eleftion of Coroners for Counties/ Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moff Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afferabled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this Aft, upon every Eleftion to be made of any Coroner or Coroners of any County in England and Wales % the Sheriff of the County where fuch Eleftion fhall be made (hall hold his County Court for the fame Eleftion at the moft ufnal Place or Places of Eleftion of Coroners within the faid County, and where the fame have mod: ufually been held for Forty Years laft pad, and (hall there proceed to Eleftion at the next County Court, unlefs the fame fall out to be held within Six Days after the Receipt of the \frrit de Coronatore eligendo, or upon the fame Day ; and then lhall adjourn the fame Court to fome convenient Day, not exceeding Fourteen Days, giving Ten Days’ Notice of the time and Place of Eleftion ; and in cafe the faid Eleftion be not determined upon the View, with the Confent of the Freeholders there prefent, but that a Poll lhall be demanded for Determination thereof, then the faid Sheriff, or in his Abfeuce his Under Sheriff, with fuch others as (hall be deputed by him, lhall forthwith there proceed to take the faid Poll, in fome public Place, by the fame Sheriff, or his Under Sheriff as aforefaid in his Abfence, or others appointed for the taking thereof Commencement as aforefaid ; and every fuch Poll lhall commence on the Day upon and Duration of which the fame fhall be demanded, and be duly and regularly proceeded in from Day to Day (Sunday excepted) until the fame be finifhed ; but fo as that no Poll for fuch Eleftion fhall continue more than Ten Days at moll (Sunday excepted), and the faid Poll fhall be kept open Seven Hours at the leaft each Day, between the Hours of Nine in the Morning and Five at Night: And for the more due and orderly proceeding in the faid Poll, the faid Sheriff, or in his Abfeuce his Under Sheriff, or fuch as be fhall depute, fhall appoint fuch Number of Clerks as to him fhall feem meet or convenient for the taking thereof; which Clerks fhall all take the faid Poll in the Pre-fence of the faid Sheriff or his Under Sheriff, or fuch as he fhall depute; and before they begin to take the faid Poll, every Clerk fo appointed fhall by the faid Sheriff or his Under Sheriff, or fuch as he fhall depute as aforefaid, be fworn truly and indifferently to take the fame Poll, and to fet down the Names of each Freeholder, and the Place of his Abode and Freehold, and the Name of the Occupier thereof, and for whom he fhall poll, aud to poll no Freeholder who is not fworn, if required to be fworn by the Candidates or either of them, and which Oaths of the faid Clerks, the faid Sheriff or his Under Sheriff, or fuch as he fhall depute, are hereby empowered to Infpe&or of Poll adminifter; and the Sheriff, or in his Abfence his Under Sheriff as Clerk appointed, aforefaid, fhall appoint for each Candidate fuch One Perfotl as fhall be nominated to him by each Candidate, to be Infpeftor of every Clerk who fhall be appointed for taking the Poll; and every Freeholder, before he is admitted to poll at the fame Eleftion, fhall, jf

required

If Eleftion not determined on View, then to proceed to take a Poll.

Poll.

Poll Clerks appointed and fworn.

freeholder, if required, lworn before he polls.

A.D. 181 a

58° GEO, III.

C.95.

387

required by the Candidates or any of them, firfb take the Oath hereinafter mentioned, which Oath the faid Sheriff by himfelf or hit Under Sheriff, or fuch fworn Clerk by him appointed for taking the faid Poll as aforefaid, is hereby authorized to adminifter; videlicet,

4 V OU fwear [or# being one of the People called Quakers, you 0l.th

*	folemnly affirm] That you are a Freeholder of the County of CItl0n Vote*

€	and	have	a Freehold Eftate, confiding of

4	lying	at	within the laid

4 Otyutty; and that fuch Freehold Eftate has not been granted to « you fraudulently, on purpofe to qualify you to give your Vote at,

< this EledHo&i and that the Place of your Abode is at

*	, load if it be a Place confijling of more Streets or 4 Places than One, Jjfadfyimg. what Street or Place;"] that you are 4 Twenty one Years of Age, a* you helieve, and that you have not 4 been before polled at this Election/

And in cafe any Freeholder or other Perfon taking the faid Oath or Perjul7 f1** Affirmation hereby appointed to be taken by him as aforefaid (hall Subornation of thereby commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, and be thereof convi&ed, JU and if any Perfon fhall unlawfully or corruptly procure or fuborn any Freeholder or other Perfon to take the faid Oath or Affirmation in order to be polled, whereby he (hall commit fuch wilful and corrupt Perjury, and (hall be thereof convi&ed, he and they for every fuch Offence (hall incur fuch Pains and Penalties as are declared in and by Two A6ts of Parliament, the one made in the Fifth Year of the 5 Elb. c.9. late Queen Elizabeth, intituled An A3 for Puni/bment of fuch as Jhallprocure or commit any wilful Perjury ; and the other made in the Second Year of His late Majefty King George the Second, inti- a G, a, e. 25. tuled An A3 for the more cjfeSual preventing and further Punijhment of Forgery, Perjury and Subornation of Perjury, and to make it Felony tofieal Bonds, Notes or other Securities for Payment of Money; and by any other Law or Statute now in force for the Puniftunent of Penury or Subornation of Perjury.

II.	And be it further ena&ed. That no Perfon or Perfons (hall be Mortgagor and

allowed to have any Vote at fuch Elections for Coroner or Coroners Ceftuique Truft of any County in England and Wales as aforefaid, for or by reafon of v°te» ““***• any Truft Eftate or Mortgage unlefti fuch Truftee or Mortgagee be	b.	in

m actual Pofleffion or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of fuch pofleffion. Eftate; but that the Mortgagor or Ce/luioue Truft in Pofleffion (hall

and may vote for the fame Eftate, notwithnanding fuch Mortgage or Trod; and that all Conveyances of any Mefluages, Lands, iTene-ments and Hereditaments, in order to multiply Voices, or to fplit or divide the Intereft in any Houfes or Lands among feverallPerfons, to enable them to vote at Ele&ioas for a Coroner of any County as aforefaid, are hereby declared to be void and of none Effe&.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That all the reafonable Cofts, Expenceiof

Charges and Expences, the faid Sheriff or his Under Sheriff or other	po1!

Deputy (hall expend or be liable to in and about the providing of by the Cwdi-** Poll Books, Booths and Clerks (fuch Clerks to be paid not exceed- date*.

ing One Pound and One Shilling each per Diem) for the Purpofe of taking the Poll at any fuch Ele&ion, (hall be borne, fuftained,' and paid by the feveral Candidates at fuch Ele&ion, in equal Proportions.

Cc 2

CAP.

388

58* GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

$6 G. 3. c. 86. continued.

Aliens not to become naturalised but by Ad of Parliament, or Denizens but by Letters of Denization. Exception.

C.&6, 97*

CAP. XCVI.

An Aft to continue, for the Term of Two Years, and until the End of the Sefiion of Parliament in which that Term (hall expire, if Parliament (hall be then fitting, an A ft of the Fifty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for eftabli(hing Regulations refpefting Aliens arriving in or refident in this Kingdom, in certain cafes.	[loth	June	1818.]

*	TT7 HE REAS an Aft was paffed in the Fifty fixth Year of the 4 VV Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled Jin AS for efablifi-4 ing Regulations rcfpcQmg Aliens arriving in and refident in tins 4 Kingdom, in certain cafes* for Two Tears from the pajfing of this 4 A8> and until the End of the Sejfion of Parliament in which the jaid 4 Two Tears Jhall expire, if Parliament Jball he then fitting: And

*	Whereas the faid Aft hath been found beneficial, and it is expedient

*	to continue the fame for a further time :* Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Maiefty, by and with the Advice and Con fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid Aft (hall be and the fame is hereby continued in force, from and after the Twenty fixth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, for the Term of Two Years, and until the End of theSeflion of Parliament in which that Term (hall expire, if Parliament (hall be then fitting.

CAP. XCVII.

An Aft to prevent Aliens, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, from becoming naturalized, or being made or becoming Denizens, except in certain cafes.	[10th	June	1818.]

4 YT7HEREAS it is expedient that, for a time to be limited, 4 W Aliens (hould not *be or become naturalized, or be made or 4 Tjecome Denizens, except as hereinafter is provided Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Aft, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, no Alien (hall become a naturalized Subjeft, or be made or become Denizen, or become entitled to the Privileges of a naturalized' Subjeft or Denizen, in any other manner or by any other Authority than by any Aft which may hereafter be pafied by the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or by Letters of Denization hereafter to be granted by His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflbrs, any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary notwithfhmd* ing: Provided always, that nothing herein, contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to affect in any manner fuch Right to Naturalization or to Denization as any Perfon, in cafe this Aft had not been pafied, might acquire or would have acquired by virtue of any Aft or Afts of Parliament made for encouraging Seamen to enter into His Majefty’s Service, or for naturalizing fu$n Foreign Proteft-

ants

A.D. 18J8.

. 58° GEO. III.

389

C. 97, 9&

ants as (hall fettle in any of His Majefty’s Colonies in America, or for naturalizing fuch Foreign Proteftants as (hall have ferved or (hall ferve in His Majefty's Forces, or for the Encouragement of the Fifheries.

CAP. XCVJII.

An Aft to explain and amend an Aft pafled in the Fifty firft Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for rendering more effectual an Aft made in the Forty feventh Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for the Aboljtion of the Slave Trade.

[loth June 1818.]

*	HE REAS by an Aft made in the Fifty firft Year of His

*	W Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A8 for rendering more 4 effeBual an AB made in the Forty feventh Tear of His Majefty’s 4 Reign% intituled An A8 for the Abolition of the Slave Trade t it 4 is amongft other things enafted and declared, that all Offences 4 thereinbefore declared to be Felonies or Mifdemeanors which (hall

*	be committed in Africa, or in any Country, Territory or Place

*	other than this United Kingdom, or on the High Seas, or in any

*	Port, Sea, Creek or Place where the Admiral has Jurifdiftion, (hall 4 and may be inquired of either according to the ordinary Courfe of 4 Law and the Provifions of an Aft paffed in the Twenty eighth 4 Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An A3 4 for Pirates ; or according to the Provifions of an Aft, paffed

*	in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, 4 intituled An AB to proceed by Commiffton of Oyer and Terminer 4 againft fuch Perfons as Jhall confefs Treafon and Felony, without 4 remanding the fame to be tried in the Shire where the Offence was 4 committed, as far as the fame Aft is now unrepealed ; or accord*

*	ing to the Provifions of an Aft paffed in the Eleventh and Twelfth 4 Years of the Reign of His late Majefty King William the Third, 4 intituled An AS faff'd for the more effeQual Suppreffon of Piracy : 4. And Whereas by an Aft made in the Forty fixth Year of His 4 Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AB for the more•fpcedy Trial of Off 4 fences committed in diftant Parts upon the Seas, it is enafted, that all 4 Treafons, Piracies, Felonies, Robberies, Murders, Confpiracies and 4 other Offences, of what Nature or Kind foever, committed upon 4 the Sea, or in any Havenv River, Creek or Place where the Ad-

*	miral or Admirals have Power* Authority or Jurifdiftion, may be 4 inquired of, tried, heard, determined and adjudged according to the 4 common Courfe of the Laws of this Realm uled for Offences com* 4. roitted upon the Land within this Realm, and not otherwife, in 4 any of His Majefty’s I Hands, Plantations, Colonies, Dominions,

*	Forts or Faftories, under and by virtue of the King’s Commiffion 4 or Commiffions under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to be direfted

*	to any fuch Four or more difereet Perfons as the Lord Chancellor 4 of Great Britainf Lord Keeper or Commiffioners for the Cuftody 4 of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being (hall from 4 time to time think fit to appoint; and that the faid Commiffioners 4 fo to be appointed, or any Three of them, (hall have fuch and the 4 like Powers and Authorities for the Trial of all fuch Murders,

*	Treafons, Piracies, Felonies* Confpiracies and other Offences, within

C c 3	*	any

51 G. 3. c. 13.

a8 H. 8.c.xj. 33 H. 8. c.

XX & IS W.3. C.7.

46G.3.C54.

C. 98,99.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Offence* declared by Si G. 3. c.2$. to be Felonies or Mifdemeanors committed on the Seas, &c. may be tried tinder any Com-mifiiQn llf'ued according to the Directions of 46 0.3* c.J4*

SS G. 3. c. 190-

la*-

4 any fuch Illafid, Plantations, Colony, Dominions, Forts or Fae-4 tories, as any Commiffioners appointed or to be appointed according 4 to the Directions of the Statute of the Twenty eighth Year of the 4 Reign of King Henry the Eighth, by any Law or Laws now in 4 force have or would have for the Trial of the faid Offences within 4 this Realm: And Whereas Doubts have arifen whether Offences 4 declared by the (aid Aft of the Fifty firft Year of His Majefty1* 4 Reign to be Felonies or Mifdemeanors committed on the High 4 Seas, or in any Port, Sea, Creek or Place where the Admiral has 4 Jurifdiftion, may be inquired of, heard and determined under or 4 by virtue of any Commilfion iffued or to be iffued under the Direc-4 tions of the faid recited Aft of the Forty fixth Year of His Ma-4 jelly’s Reign Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That all Offences declared by the laid Aft of the Fifty firft Year of Hi* Majefty*s Reign to be Felonies or Mifdemeanors, committed or which (hall be committed on the High Seas, or in any Port, Sea* Creek or Place where the Admiral has Jurifdiftion, may be inquired of, tried and determined under and by virtue of any Commilfion already iffued or hereafter to be iffued according to the Direftions of the above recited Afts of the Forty fixth Year of His Maiefty’s Reign | and that all Perfons convifted of any of the faid Offences fo inquired of, tried and determined, or to be inquired of, tried and determined under and by virtue of any fuch Commilfion made or iffued or to be made or iffued according to the Direftions of the faid Aft of the Forty fixth Year of His Majefty’6 Reign, {hall be fubjeft and liable to and (hall fuffer all fuch and the lame Pains* Penalties and Forfeitures, as by any Law or Law6 now in force Perfons convifted of the fame refpeftively would be fubjeft and liable to, in cafe the fame were refpeftively inquired of, tried and determined and adjudged within this Realm by virtue of any Com-million made according to the Direftions of the Statute of the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth ; any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding,

CAP. XCIX.

An Aft for altering and amending an Aft made in the Fifty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, to amend an Aft made in the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty, to improye the Land Revenue of the Crown, io far as relates to the Great Foreft of Brecknock, in the County of Brecknock s and for veiling in His Majefty certain Parts of the faid Foreft, and for inclofing the faid Foreft.	[10th	June	1818.]

4 VITHEREAS by an Aft paffed in the Fifty fifth Year of the 1 VV Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS to amend an

*	AS made in the Forty eighth Tear of His prefent Majefty, to im~ 4 prove the Land Revenue of the Crown, fo far at relates to the Great

*	Foreft of Brecknock in the County of Brecknock 5 and for vefting 4 in Hit Majejly certain Parts of the faid Foreft, andfor incloftng the 4 faid Foreft ; after direfting that the Commufioners named and ap~

4 pointed

58® GEO. III.

G. 99.

391

*	pointed in and by the faid Ad (hould, amongft other things, fet 4 out and appoint any new and additional public Koads or Highways*

4 or any new Tracks or Ways for fuch public Roads or Highways 4 in and over the faid Foreft, and giving them certain Powers as to 4 the Roads, Path and Ways in, over, through or upon any of the

4 Lands or Grounds within the faid Foreft ; and after direding that	$ 22.

4 the faid Commiflioners (hould fet out and allot unto and for the 4 Formation and Repa irs of Highways made or to be made within

*	the Limits of the faid Foreft, fo much and fuch Parts of the Open 4 and Commonable Lands within the faid Foreft, and in fuch Places 4 as the faid Commiflioners (hould think proper, for getting Stone or 4 Gravel or other Materials for the Formation or for the Repairs from 4 time to time for ever of the public and private Roads and High-4 ways made or to be made within the Limits of the faid Foreft^

*	and (hould fet out and allot fuch Part or Parts, Parcel or Parcels §23.

*	of the Lands and Grounds by the faid Ad diredcd to be divided,

4 allotted aud inclofed, as and for public Limeftone Quarries; and

*	(hould fet out fuch Part and Parts of the faid Lands and Grounds 4 by the faid Ad direded to be allotted and inclofed, as in the Judg-4 znent of the faid Commiflioners thereby appointed would defray all 4 the Cofts, Charges and Expences incident to the obtaining, palling

*	and carrying into Execution of the faid recited Ad; and alio § 2*m 4 (hould fet out certain Allotments in lieu of the Tithes ariling,

4 renewing, happening or payable from the Open and Commonable 4 Lands within the Limits of the faid Foreft, as were or (hould be

* found to be Extra Parochial, and fuch as were locally lituate within

4 the Bounds or Limits of any Parilh ; it was enaded, that the faid	§31.

4 Commiflioners (hould divide, fet out and allot One full Moiety or 4 Half Part of all the Reft, Relidue and Remainder of the faid 4 Foreft unto The King's moft Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and 4 Succelfors, and (hould fet out and allot the Refidue of the Lands 4 and Grounds by the faid recited Ad direded to be divided, al-

*	lotted and inclofed, unto and amongft all and every the Perfons

*	entitled to Commonage in, over or upon the fame refpedively, or

*	any Part or Parts thereof (other than and except The King's Ma-4 jefty. His Heirs and Succeflors), in proportion to the real Value 4 of their feveral and refpedive Me flu ages, Cottages, Lands and

*	Tenements in refped whereof they were entitled to fuch Rights of 4 Common, and to the Part or Parts of the Lands to be inclofed in,

*	over or upon which their refpedive Rights of Common (hould cx-4 tend, due Regard being had in fettling the Quantum of each Allot-

*	ment to the Quality and Situation of the Land to be comprized

*	therein: And Whereas the Commiflioners appointed in and by the

*	faid recited Ad have proceeded to put the fame into Execution, and 4 great Expences have been thereby incurred, and confiderable 4 Parts of the faid Foreft have been fold by the faid Commiflioners to 4 defray fuch Expences: And Whereas it appears that the Soil of fo

*	much of the faid Foreft, and the Lands and Grounds of the faid 4 recited Ad mentioned, as will remain to be divided and allotted in 4 Severalty unto and amongft the Perfons entitled to Rights of 4 Common in, over and upon the faid Foreft, after making and fet-4 ting out the other Allotments in the faid Ad direded, is fo poor 4 and fterile, that the fame would not anfwer the Expences of In 4 clofure and Cultivation, and it is therefore expedient that Jo much

C c 4	4	of

392

C.99.

58“ GEO. III.

A.D. 1819

SS G.3.C.190. i 14.18,19.34-

5 5

§ 50. repealed.

Claims to Right | of Common may be received within Two Months after patting of Aft.

Tithes, &c. to the King to continue payable;

of the faid recited Ad as dire&s that Allotments (hall be made is lieu of Tithes, and that the faid Commiflioners (hould allot the Rc-fidue of the faid Foreft and other Open and Commonable Lands (after fetting out the King’s Allotment and fuch other Allotments as afore faid) in Severalty, unto and amongft the feveral Perfons entitled to Commonage in, over or upon tne fame, freed and dif-charged from Tithes and Rights of Common, (hould be repealed, together with all Powers and Authorities given by the faid recited Ad to the faid Commiflioners for that Purpofe ; and that the faid CommifiionerB (hould be authorized and required to allot One Moiety of the faid Foreft to The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and Sncceffors, and the other Moiety thereof to and amongft the feveral Perfons entitled to Rights of Common, to be enjoyed by them in common as heretofore, or in fuch manner an under fuch Rules and Regulations as hereinafter mentioned; but freed from all Foreftal Rights;* May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That fo much of the faid recited Ad as direds and empowers the faid Commiffiou-ers to turn or alter any Streams, Springs or Watercourfes within the faid Foreft, and to make and fet out any Allotments in lieu of Tithes to any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, and to afcertain, fettle or determine to whom fuch Allotments (hould belong, and to fet out and allot the Refidue of the Lands and Grounds by the faid Ad direded to be divided, allotted and inclofed unto and amongft all and every the Perfons entitled to Commonage in, over or upon the fame rc-fpedively, or any Part or Parts thereof refpedively, in proportion to the real Value of their feveral and refpedive Mefiuages, Cottages, Lands and Tenements, in refped whereof they are entitled to fuch Rights of Common, and to the Part or Parts of the Lands to be inclofed, in, over or upon which their refpedive Rights of Common (hould extend, together with all Powers and Authorities given to the faid Commiftioners for that Purpofe, and all other Powers and Authorities given by the faid recited Ad to the faid Commiflioners, for direding the fencing of Allotments, and a]fo fo much of the faid recited Ad, as direds that all Tithes, both Great and Small, Modufes, Compofitions and other Payments in lieu of Tithes, arifing, renewing and payable within the laid Foreft, Lands and Grounds, and a& Rights of Common in, over and upon the fame, (hall ceafe and be for ever extinguiftied, (hall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enaded. That the faid Commiflioners (hall be at Liberty to receive, afcertain and fettle the Claims of any Perfon or Perfons to a Right of Common, in and upon the faid Foreft, who may have hitherto omitted to fend in fuch Claims, provided the lame are fent in within Two Months after the pafling this Ad, and provided all Expences attending the receiving, fettling and afeertaimng fuch Claims be paid, borne and defrayed by the Perfon or Perfons making the fame, but the faid Commiflioners (hall not be at Liberty to receive any Claims whatfoever, after the Expiration of the faid Two Months from the palling this Ad.

III.	And be it further enaded, that The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and Succcflbrs, (hall henceforth continue to take,

demand,

A.D.1818,

58° GEO. III.

C. 90,

393

demand, have and receive all Tithes, both Great and Small, and all Modules, Compofitions and other Payments in lieu of Tithes, arifing, renewing, increafmg, happening or payable out of, from or in refped of fuch rart or Parts of the Open and Commonable Lands within the Limits of the faid Foreft as are Extra Parochial; and all Tithe6, both and other Great and Small, and all Modules, Compofitions and other Payments #rilhe,» &c. in lieu of Tithes whatfoever, arifing, growing, renewing, increafing, happening or payable in, over or upon fuch Part or Parts of the faid Open and Commonable Lands as is or are locally fituate within the Bounds or Limits of any Parifh or Parifhes, if any Part or Parts are fo fituate, (hall henceforth be demanded, taken and payable, by and to the Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who is, are or (hall be entitled thereto, in as full, ample and beneficial, and in fuch and the fame manner as if the faid recited Ad had • not been pafled.

* IV. And Whereas the faid Commifiioners have, under the Au-< thority of the faid recited Ad, fold certain Parts of the faid Lands

*	and Grounds within the faid Foreft, for defraying the Expences of ‘ palling and carrying into Execution the faid recited Ad, and the

*	Lands and Grounds fo fold have been purchafed by the Perfons

« now holding the fame as Tithe freeBe it therefore enaded, Tliat Allotment* tn nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued or extend to fubjed any the King and Lands which have been fo fold Tithe free to the Payment of Tithes; other Tithe but the fame (hall remain and continue free and exempt from Tithe,	for	m~

in fuch and the like manner as if this Ad had not been pafTed, and Tithes of that the faid Commifiioners (hall and they are hereby authorized and Land* fold by required to fet out and allot unto or for The King’s Majefty, His the Commif-Heirs or Succeflors, or the Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Cor- fioner* porate or Collegiate, who would have been entitled to Tithes in Kind, free* in, over or upon the faid Lands and Grounds fo fold by the faid Commifiioners as Tithe free ; fo much and fuch Parcel of the faid Lands and Grounds by the faid recited Ad directed to be divided, allotted and inclofed, as (hall in the Judgment of the faid Commifiioners be a full Compenfation and Salisfadion for all Tithes, both Great and Small, and all Modufes, Compofitions and other Payments in lieu of Tithes, arifing, growing, renewing, increafing, happening or payable out of or from or for or in refped of all fuch Lands and Grounds, which have been fo fold Tithe free as aforefaid.

V.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Commifiioners (hall Land* to be fold mark and fet out fuch Part and Parts of the faid Lands and f<” paying E*-Grounds by the faid Ad direded to be divided, allotted and in- l*ncel incurred clofed, as by the Sale thereof will in the Judgment of the faid Com- ^a^a^nto miffioners raife a fufficient Sum of Money to defray and difeharge all Execution* Expences incurred in the carrying into Execution of the faid recited

Ad, and now outftanding and unpaid; and alfo all the Coils, Charges and Expences incident to the carrying into Execution of fo much of the faid recited A6t as is not hereby repealed ; and all fuch Sales (hall be made either for the beft Price or Prices which can or may be obtained, by Private Contrad, or in the manner and under the Directions and Reftridions preferibed and direded by the faid recited Ad, with regard to Lands and Grounds thereby authorized and direded to be fold for the Payment of Expences.

VI.	And be it further enaded. That all the Cods, Charges and Expenre* of this Expences incident to the obtaining and paffing this Ad, mall be Alt how to be

borne,

m

Commiflioners may fet out Public Roads, with Confent, into Turnpike Road from Brecon to Neath.

After Com mi f-Goners (hall have fet out additional Public Roads, See.;

Moiety of remaining Lands to be fet out for His Majefty, difcharged from Common, fcc.

m Private Roads to Allotment to the Crown.

a *9.	58® GEO. III.	A.D.1818.

borne, paid and defrayed by the Commiffionera for the time being, of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, by and out of the Monies to arife or be produced by the Sale of the Allotment hereby dire&ed to be fet out for His Majefty, His Heirs or Succef-fora, or by and out of any of the Land Revenues of the Crown, which (hall be under their Care and Management, and (hall not be otherwife appropriated.

< VII. And Whereas the faid Commiffionera are in and by the ‘ laid Ad authorized and required to fet out and appoint any new or « additional Public Roads or Highways, in and over the faid Foreft, 4 and may alfo turn, abate or ftop up any ancient Carnage Road or 4 Way, in, through, upon or over any of the Lands or Ground within • the faid Foreft Be it therefore further enaded. That it (hall lod tiay be lawful to and for the faid Commiffionera, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to fet out and appoint any new or additional Public Road or Highway, to or from any Part of the (aid Foreft, over the inclofed Lands belonging to any Perfon or Perfooi whomfoever, unto and to communicate with or join the Turnpike Road leading from Brecon to Neath : Provided always, that no loch Highway or Road (hall be fet out and appointed without the Coufeot in Writing of the Owner or Owners of the faid Lands, or of the Perfon or Perfons beneficially interefted therein, having been firft had and obtained.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That after the faid Commiflion-era (hall have appointed and fet out fuch new and additional Public Ronds and Highways, or Tracks or Ways for fuch Public Roads or Highways, in and over the faid Foreft, as to them (hall feem proper in relation thereto, according to the Dire&iona of the faid recited A &, and (hall have made and fet out the feveral Allotments under the Powers, Authorities andDire&ions of the faid recited Ad, for getting Stone, Gravel or other Materials, for the Formation and for the Repairs from time to time for ever, of the Public and Printe Roads and Highways made or to be made within the Limits of the faid Foreft, and for Public Limeftone Quarries, for the Purpofe of getting Limeftone and other Stones therefrom, with coDveiuent Roads to and from the fame refpe&ively ; and after the making tod fetting out of the Allotments by this A& dire&ed to be made, as a Compensation and Satisfa&ion for the Tithes of the Lands which have been fo fold Tithe free as aforefaid, and the Allotments of Lands to be fold under the Authority of this A& for Payment of Expences, the faid Commiffionera (hall and they are hereby required to divide, fet out and allot one Moiety or full Half Part of all the Reft, Refidue and Remainder of the faid Foreft (due Regard being had to the Quality and Situation thereof) unto The King's Mod Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and Succefiora, and which faid Allotment, as foon as the fame (hall be allotted and fevered from the Lands adjoining thereto, (hall become and remain the cxdufire Property of The King’s Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflors, freed, exonerated and for ever difcharged, of and from all Rights of Common, Common of Pafture, and Turbary, and all other Rights of what Nature or Kind foever.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed. That the faid Coromiffionert (hall and they are hereby required to fet out fuch and fi> many Private Roads and Ways as (hall be neceflary for giving convenient Accefs

to

58° GEO. ILL

895

C.99#

to fuch Allotment as (hall be fo as aforefaid made to His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors.

X.	And be it further enaded, That when and as foon as the faid Commiffioners (hall have fet out the Allotment herein before direded to be made and fet out tt> His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors» they (hall prepare a feparate Award, with a Map or Plan of fuch Allotment annexed thereto, whereof there (hall be Three Originals, one to be enrolled in the Court of Exchequer at Wejlmtnjler% another in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue, there to remain on Record, and which (hall afterwards be filed and preferred amongit the Muniments of the Office of the Commiffioners of His Majefty*s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being; and the faid Award, or the Enrolment thereof, (hall or may be produced, read and received in Evidence on all Occafions where any Doubt, Queftion or Controverfy may arife, relating to or affe&ing the Rights and Interefts of His Majefty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, in refped of the faid Allotment to be veftcd in The King’s Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, by virtue of this A A; and the Third of the faid Awards (hall be depofited with the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County of Brecknock.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being, to contrad and agree for the Sale of, and abfolutely to make fale and difpofe of all fuch Part or Parts of the faid Allotment fo to be fet out to His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, under the Authority of this Ad, as they (hall think fit, fubjed to the fame Approbation, and under the fame Limitations and Reftridions, and in the fame manner, as direded by the faid recited Ad, with regard to the Sale of Allotments by the faid Commiffioners of His Maiefty’s Woods Forefts and Land Revenues ror the time being, under the Authority of that Ad.

XII.	And be it further enaded. That all the Reft, Refidue and Remainder of the faid Lands and Grounds by the faid recited Ad lireded to be divided, allotted and inclofed, (hall be and remain open tnd uninclofed for the Benefit of the feveral other Owners or Pro* irietors of ancient Meffuages, Cottages, inclofed Lands and Grounds, ntitled to Rights of Common in, over and upon the faid Lands and Grounds, according to their feveral and refpedive Rights and Interims therein, freed and difeharged from all Fore ft al Rights, and from 11 Claims of His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and all Perms lawfully claiming under him or them; fave and except fuch Lights and Interefts as are hereinafter exprefsly excepted and re-xvecKto His Majefty, His'Heirs and Succeffors.

XIII.	And be it further enaded. That John Cbee/e, One of the ommiifioncrs in the faid recited Ad named, or any Perfon to be iminated or appointed a Commiffioner in his Room or Stead, (hall s and is hereby fully authorized and empowered, by any Writing ider his Hand and Seal, to be depofited and left with the Clerk ' the Peace for the faid County of Brecknock, where the fame (hall id may be infpeded at all feafonable times for ever thereafter, by y Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, on Payment of One Shilling, make fuch Orders and Regulations as he may think beneficial and oper for the dinting the Lands and Grounds hereby direded to and remain open and uninclofed for the Benefit of the feveral Perfons

A feptnre Award of the Crown Allotment, Three Originals, Two enrolled and One depofited with Cletkof the Peace of the County of Brecknock.

Commiffioners of Woods, Ac. empowered to fell the King's Allotment.

Refidue to remain uninclofed for Owners of antient Meffuages, Sec.

One Cotnmif-fiocer empowered to make Regulations for (tinting the Lands direded to remain unin-dofed.

3f>6

C. 99.

58" GEO. III.

A. D. 1813.

Extinguiftiing Rights of Com-nion on the King’s Allot-

Cutting Turf, Ac.

Penalty.

not to inquire into or fettle Parilh Difpute*,

Tons entitled to Rights of Common in, over and upon the feme;sod to limit and fettle the Quantity of Stock which each Perfon having fuch Right of Common (hall refpe&ively feed and depafture thereof in due Proportion to their refpc&ive Stints or Rights $ and for ti* equitable Enjoyment thereof; and for the Participation of any Produce growing or to grow thereon ; and which Orders and Reguutiou (hall be binding and conclufive upon all Perfons interefted in the fed open. and uninclofed Lands ; and that it (hall be lawful for the (aid John Cbeefe, or any Perfon fo to be nominated and appointed a Com-miflioner in his Room or Stead, to raife any Sum or Sums of Mokt which (hall be requifite to defray the Coils, Charges and Expescet of - fo regulating the faid Stint, or of carrying into Execution any of the Orders or Regulations which (hall be fo made for that Porpofc, by Sale of a fufficient Part of the Lands and Grounds fo direded to be and remain open and uninclofed for the Benefit of the feveral Perfons entitled to Rights of Common as aforefaid; which Sale or Sain (hall be made either by private Contrail, or in the manner dire&d by the faid recited A& ; and for which Purpofe the faid John Cfojt, or any Perfon to be nominated in his Room or Stead as aforefad, (hall have and be invefted with all fuch and the like Powers and Au-thoritie» for carrying fuch Sales into Execution, and completing md perfecting the fame, as are by the faid recited A61 given to or veiled ui the Commifiioners for carrying the faid Ad into Execution, with refped to any Sale or Sales thereby authorized or direded to be made by them.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That immediately after the (aid Allotment of the Moiety of the faid Lands and Grounds within the faid Foreft, fo to be made and fet out to and for His Majefty, Hi) Heirs and Succeifors, (hall by Order of the faid CommiffioDersbe flaked out and marked, all Rights of Common in, over and upon the fame (hall ceafe, and be for ever annulled, abolifhed and extioguilbed; and if any Perfon or Perfons (hall dig, cut or take away any of the Turf, Bu(hes or Underwood, or Soil of the faid Allotment fo to be made and fet out to and for His faid Majefty, His Heirs and Sue-cefTors, for any Ufe or Purpofe whatfoever, or under any Right, Privilege or Claim, or Pretence of Right, Privilege or Claim whatfo-ever, then and in every fuch cafe, on due Proof made before any one or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace on Oath, (which Oath fuch Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby empowered to adminifter,) the faid Juftice or Juftices (hall, and he or they is and are hereby direded and required by Warrant, under his or their Hand or Haadi and Seals, direded to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, to caufe any Sum or Sura6 of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied by Dif-trefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfou fo offending in the Premifes, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Perfon or Perfons whofe Goods and Chattels (hail be fo diftrained and fold, after deducting the Cofts and Charges attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale; and the Money fo to be levied as aforefaid (hall be applied towards the Payment of the Cofts, Charges and Expences of obtaining and executingthis A&.

XV.	And be it further enaCted, That it (hall not be lawful for the faid Commifiioners to inquire into, fettle or afeertain any Difputes between any adjoining Parifhes in which the faid Lands or Grouodi may lie or be fituate, or as to the Boundary between any Extra Parochial

C. 99.

58° GEO. III.

chial Place and any adjoining Parifh; any thing in the faid recited Aft, or in the Aft of the Forty firft Year of the Reign of His pre-fent Majefty, intituled An A3 for consolidating in One A3 certain Provifiont ufually inferted in A3s of Inclofure ; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the feveral fads ufually required on the pqffing of fucb Ads, contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVI.	And be it enafted, That the faid Commiffioners appointed or to be appointed by or under the Authority of the faid recited Aft of the Fifty fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, (hall be Commif-fioners for the putting into Execution of this Act; and all and every Part of the faid recited Aft of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His Majefty, and all Powers and Authorities thereby given to the faid Commiffioners (fave and except fo far as the fame is and are hereby repealed, varied or altered), (hall be in full Force and Effeft, and all fuch Powers and Authorities fhall be ufed and exercifed by the faid Commiffioners in carrying, this. Aft into Execution, as fully and effeftually as if the fame had been hereby repeated and re-enafted.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners (hall, after having completed fuch Allotments of the faid Foreft, draw up or caufe to be drawn up their final Award, in manner prefcribed by the Aft of the Forty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and which (hall be made within Twelve Calendar Months after the paffing of this Aft; and the fame, when enrolled in manner direfted by the fame Aft of the Forty firft Year of His Majefty’s Reign, fhall be depofited and left with the Clerk of the Peace for the laid County of Brecknock, where the fame (hall and may beinfpefted and perufed at all feafonable times, in the Day time, for ever thereafter, by any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, paying the Sum of One Shilling, and no more, to the faid Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, for every fuch Infpeftion and Perufal; and Two Copies of fuch Award (hall be enrolled, One of them in the Court of Exchequer at lVeJlminfter% and the other of them in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue, there to remain on Record, and (hall afterwards be filed and preferved amongft the Muniments of the Office of the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues ; fuch Award, or the Enrolment thereof, to be produced and read in Evidence on all Occafions where any Doubt or Controverfy may arife, relating to or affefting the Rights or Interefts of his Majefty, His Heirs or Succeftors, in refpeft of any Allotment veiled in His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeftors, by virtue of this Aft 2 Provided always, that this Aft (hall not defeat or prejudice the Right or In-tereft of The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, his Heirs and Succef-fors, in or to any Mines of Coal, Lead Ores or any other Minerals wbatfoever, in or under the fame Foreft, or any Part thereof; buC that His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeftors, and His or their Leffees and Grantees, Agents, Servants and Workmen, may fearch for, dig, raife and carry away all Coal, Lead Ores, Metals and all other Minerals whatfoever, as if this Aft had not been paffed.

XVIII.	Saving always to The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and Succeftors, and to all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and their Succeftors, and to all and every Perfon and Perfons whomfoever, his and their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators and Afligns, all fuch Eftatc, Right, Title, Intereft, Claim and Demand whatfoever (other than and except fuch as is and are hereby-ex-

prefted,

397

or as to Boundaries.

41 0.3. c. 109.

Powen of

55 O. 3. c.190. (Exception,) to continue in force.

Final Awaid by Commiftionerc.

Proviso for His Majefty*s Rights to Mines sod Minerals.

General Saving.

3M

58° GEO. JIT.

A-D. 1813.

C. 99* ioa

prefled, 'meant and intended to: be-barred, destroyed or extinguifhed), as they, every or any of them had or enjoyed in, to or out of the (aid Foreft and Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, by the lad recited Ad dire&ed to be divided, allotted and* indofed before the palling of this A61, or could have had and enjoyed therein in ale this Aft had not been palled.

C AP. C.

An Aft for veiling in His Majefty certain. Parts of the Hayes of Birkland and Bilhagh, and of certain Commonable Lands and Open Uninclofed Grounds in the Townfhip of Ei~ winfiowe, within the Foreft of Sherwood, in the County of Nottingham.	[loth June 1818 ]

WHEREAS The King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, in Right of His Crown, is feezed to Himfelf, His Heirs and Suc-4 ceffors, and entitled to the Soil of the Hayes of Birkland and * Bilhagh, in the Townfhip of Edwinfiowe, within the Foreft of 4 Sherwood, in the County of Nottingham, together with all Timber i 4 Trees, Wood and Underwood, growing, renewing. Handing and 4 being thereon; which Trad of Land called The Hayes of Birk-4 land and Bilhagh, is computed to contain One thoufand four hun-* dred and eighty feven Acres s And Whereas4 there are within the i 4 faid Townfhip of Edwinfiowe certain other Commonable Lands 4 and Open and Unincloied Grounds, containing by Eftimation ! 4 about One thoufand fix hundred Acres, the Soil whereof is veiled 1 4 in the feveral Lords of the Manors within which the faid Com-4 monable Lands and Open and Uninclofed Grounds lie and are 4 fituate; and the faid Lords feifed of the Sod thereof are entitled 4 to all the Timber Trees, Wood and Underwood, growing, Hand-4 ing and being thereon : And Whereas The King’s Moft Excel-4 lent Majefty being feifed, in Right of His Crown, to Himfelf,

4 His Heirs and Succeflors, of the faid Foreft of Sherwood9 is enti-4 tied to certain Rights of Deer and Game, and other Foreftal 4 Rights, over all the faid Commonable Lands and Open Unio-4 doled Grounds: And Whereas the Moft Noble William Henry 4 Cavendt/b Scott Duke of Portland, is or claims to be Lord of the 4 Manor of Edwinfiowe, and as fuch claims to be entitled to the 4 Soil of fo much of the faid Commonable Lands and Open Unifi-4 clofedGrounds a9 lies and is fituate within the faid Manor, together 4 with the Timber Trees, Wood and Underwood, growing, Hand-4 ing and being thereon : And Whereas the very Reverend the Dean 4 oi the Cathedral Church of the Blejfed Virgin Mary of Lincoln,

4 and the Chapter of the fame Church, are or claim to be Lords of 4 the Manor of Edwinfiowe Redory, and as fuch claim to be en-4 titled to the Soil of fo much of the faid Commonable Lands and 4 Open Uninclofed Grounds as lies and is fituate within the fame 4 Manor, together with all Timber Trees, Wood and Underwood,

4 growing, funding and being thereon: And Whereas the Right 4 Honourable Charles Earl Manvers is the LefTee of the faid lift 4 mentioned Manor under the faid Dean and Chapter : And Whereas 4 the faid Duke of Portland, the faid Earl Manvers, and divers 4 other Perfons, are Owners or Proprietors of certain E dates in the 4 faid Townfhip of Edwinfiowe, within the faid Foreft of Sherwood,

6	4	and

A.D.1818.

58°. GFEO~ im

C. roOi

m

4 and in refpeft thereof claim to be entitled (fafijeft to the Foreftal

*	Rights of His Majefty) to certain Rights of Common and other

*	Rights in, over and upon the faid Hayes of Birkland and' Bilbagb>

4 and the faid other Commonable Lands and Open Umndofed*

*	Grounds: And Whereas an Aft was palled in the Forty tirft Yeftt* 41 G. 3. c. 109.

*	of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft for confo-

*	lidating in One Aft certain Provifions ufually inferted in Afts of In-4 clofure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the fiveral Faftt 4 ufually required on the Pqjpnv of fuch Afts : And Whereas the faid 4 Hayes of Birkland and Bilbaght and the faid Commonable Lands 4 and Open Uninclofed Grounds, in their prefent State are of lefs

<	Value to His Majefty, or to the feveral Perfons having fuch Claims

*	or Rights thereon as aforefaid, than if the fame were inclofed )

*	and it would be of great Advantage to His Majefty and the Public 4 in general, and be advantageous to the feveral Perfons having fuch

<	Claims and Rights as aforefaid, if the faid Hayes of Birkland 4 and Bilbaghy and the other Commonable Lands and Open Unin-4 clofed Grounds within the Town (hip of Ednuinjlovse, were dif-4 afforefted, and if the fame were divided and allotted to His Majefty

<	and the feveral Perfons entitled to and interefted in. the fame;

4 fubjeft to the Limitations and Reftriftions in this and the faid 4 recited Aft containedMay it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That Adam Commiflioneri Murray of Saint Martin’/ Lane* JVeJlminJlery in the County of Mid- appointed. dlefex9 Gentleman, on the Part and behalf of His Majefty, and John Parkinfon of IVellow, in the faid County of Nottingham, Gentleman, on the Part and behalf of the feveral Perfons having Rights

and Interefts in the faid Commonable Lands and Open Uninclofed Grounds hereby authorized to be divided and allotted, and their Succeifors, to be nominated and appointed in manner hereinafter mentioned, (hall be and they are hereby appointed Commiffipners for dividing, allotting and inclofing the faid Hayes of Birkland«and Bilhaghy and the other Commonable Lands and Open Unincldfed Grounds within the faid Townfhip of Edwinjlovte, and for carrying into Execution the feveral other Purpofes of this Aft, in fuch manner as is hereinafter provided or mentioned, and with fuch of the Powers, and fubjeft to fuch of the Rules, Orders, Regulations and Reftriftions contained in the faid recited Aft, as are not varied, altered or otherwife provided for by this Aft.

II. And be it further enafted, That no Commiflioncr (hall aft in Oath of Com-the Execution of any of the Powers by the faid recited Aft or this raiflionen. Act granted^ fave and except in the figning and giving Notice of the Fir ft Meeting of the faid Commiffioners), until he mail have takeh and fubferibed the following Oath, in Addition to the Oath by the faid recited Aft direfted to be taken ; fuch Oath to be adminiftered and enrolled in like manner as the Oath by the faid recited Aft, pr»> feribed to be taken by Commiffioners for executing Afts of Inclo-fure, is direfted to be adminiftered and enrolled ; which additional Oath fhall be in the Words or to the EfFeft following j that is to fay,

*	T A, Bn do fwear [or, being One of the People called Quakers, do 4 affirm]. That I am neither Proprietor or Occupier of, -nor^eo 4 the beft of my Knowledge, am I concerned as Guardian, Steward

* or

400

G roo.

58° GEO. IIL

A.D.1818.

4 or Agent for any Proprietor of Meffuages, Houfes, Cottages, Lands

*	or Grounds, or other Perfon having or claiming any Right of Com* 4 mon, or any Manorial Rights, or any other Right or Intercft in,

4 over or upon the Hayes of Birkland and Bilbagb, or the other 4 Commonable Lands and Open Uninclofed Grounds to be allotted 4 and inclofed by virtue of an A&, pafled in the Fifty eighth Year

*	of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [infert the Titk 4 of this ; and that I will honeftly and faithfully, as a Com-‘ miffioner under the faid A&, execute and difeharge the Poven 4 and Authorities thereby given to me.

4 So help me GOD.’

new Comma--5 HI. And be it further enafted. That in cafe the faid Adam

tioners. * raJ* hereby appointed the Commiffioner for and on behalf of Hu Majefty, or any Perfon to be nominated and appointed a Commiffioner in his Room or Stead, by virtue of this Adi, (hall die, refufe or negleft to a£t, or become incapable of a&ing as fuch Commiffioner in the Execution of the faid recited Ad and this Ad, then and in fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for the Commiflioners for the time being cf His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, by any Writing under their Hands, within One Calendar Month next after fuch Death, Refufal or Incapacity to ad as aforefaid (hall be made known to them, to nominate and appoint a proper Perfon (not intereffied in the faid Divifion and Inclolure) to be a Commiffioner in the Room or Stead of the faid Adam Murray, or of fuch other Perfon nominated or appointed in his Room or Stead, fo dying, refufmg, negle&ingor becoming incapable to ad as. aforefaid ; and fo from time to time a often as any Commiffioner, to be nominated and appointed by the faid Cominiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Rew* nues as aforefaid, (hall die, refufe, negled or become incapable to ad as fuch Commiffioner in the Execution of the faid recited Ad and this Ad ; and in cafe the faid John Park inf on, or any Perfon to be nominated or appointed in his Room or Stead by virtue of this Ad, (hall die, refufe or negled to ad, or become incapable to ad in the Execution of the faid recited Ad and this Ad, then and in every fuch cafe the furviving or remaining Commiffioner (hall, within One Calendar Month next after fuch Death, Negled, Refufal or Incapacity (hall happen to be known to him, or in cafe of his Doth, Negled, Refufal or Incapacity, then the Clerk for the time being of the faid Commiflioners (hall fummon a Meeting (of which Meeting Twenty one Days’ Notice (hall be given, by Advertisement, in force Paper ufually circulated in the faid Town(hip of 1Edwinflow, or County of Nottingham), of all and every the Owners ana Proprietors claiming fuch Rights as aforefaid, to be holden within Thirty Days from the Date of fuch Notice ; and the major Part in Value of luch Owners and Proprietors, who (hall be prelent in Perfon, or by their refpedive known Agents, or by their Proxies, duly authorized for that Purpofe at fuch Meeting or Meetings (fuch Valor, in cafe of any Difference or Difpute touching the fame, to be afeer-tained by Reference to the Land Tax Affeifment of the faid Parifli of Edwinftonve), (hall, and they are hereby required, at fuch Meeting to nominate and appoint, by any Writing under their Hands, a proper Perfon or Perlons (not interefted in the faid Divifion and Inclolure) to be a Commiffioner in the Room and Stead of the faid John Parkinfon, or of fuch other Perfon to Ije nominated and appointed

58° GEO. III.

G. 100.

401

pointed in the Room'or Stead of hi pi fo dying, refuting, negieding or becoming incapable to ad as aforefaid, and fo from time to time as often as any fuch cafe /hall happen ; and every fuch Commiffioner fo to be nominated and appointed /hall, after taking and fubfcribing the Oaths prefcribed in that behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying the faid recited Ad and this A d into Execution, and /hall be fubjed and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Reftridions as if -he had originally been nominated a Commiffioner in and by this Ad.

IV.	And beit further enaded, That if the faid Commiffioners Commif-

for the time being of His Maiefty’s Woods, ForefU and Land Re- ^nlte^withiu venues, or the faid Perfons claiming fuch Righu as aforefaid, or the time pre-any of them, /hall make Default in nominating and appointing any fcril*d,the new Commiffioner, fo direded to be nominated and appointed by a&in* CommH*-tbem, or any of them refpedively as aforefaid, within the refpedive ®^erAt0 'times for that Purpofe limited, and in manner aforefaid, then and in	ppo,nt“

e?MT fuch cafe it /hall be lawful for the furviving or remaining Com-	*

mimoner, and he is hereby required from time to time by Writing

under his Hand, within One Calendar Month after the Expiration of fuch refpedive times fo allowed for nominating and appointing fuch new and fucceeding Commiffioner as aforefaid, to nominate and appoint a proper rerfon (not interefted in the faid' Divifion and Indofure) to be a Commiffioner in the Room or Stead of every fuch Commiffioner fo dying, refufing, negieding or becoming incapable to ad as aforefaid $ and every* Commiffioner fo nominated and appointed (hall, after taking and fubfcribing the Oaths prefcribed in that behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carrying the faid recited Ad and this Ad into Execution, andt (hall be fubjed and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Reftridions as if be had been originally nominated a Commiffioner in and by this Ad. •

V.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if either of Corrmiflfioners the faid Commiffioners hereby nominated or any Commiffioners to be n«fle£*in« to nominated or appointed by virtue of this Ad, (hall wilfully refufe or ?llend M«t-negled to attend at the Firft Meeting appointed to be holden for

carrying this Ad into Execution, and duly qualify himfelf by taking toraif# . and fubfcribing the Oaths prefcribed in that behalf; or if either of the faid Conurfiffioners (hail, at any time after the Firft Meeting, wilfully abfent himfelf from any Three fucceflive Meetings appointed to be holden by virtue of this Ad, or having been abfent from Two fucceflive Meetings /hall not attend during the whole'of the Third or* next fucceeding Meeting (fach Meetings being known to him, either bj his being prefent at the Appointment thereof, or by Notice thereof in Writing having been given to him or left at his iaft or ufual Place of Abode by the Clerk to the faid Commiffioners) ; and fuch Commiffioner not having been prevented, by Sicknefs or other reafon-able Caufe to b£ allowed by the other Commiffioner, from continuing or 'attending at any fuch Meeting or Meetings, or if any Commif-ffiotier to be nominated and appointed in manner by this Ad direded,

(hall not attend and qualify himfelf to ad as a Commiffioner in the Execution of the faid recited Ad and this Ad, at the Firft Meeting of the Commiffioners after his Nomination or Appointment, or (hall thereafter wilfully abfent himfelf -from Three fucceflive Meetings to be holden by virtue of this Ad, or having been abfent from Two fucc<~	'*	(hall	not	attend	the whole of the Third next fuc-

Dd

ceeding

402

C. lOOi

58® geo: hi.

A. D. 1818,

Not Heing pro-vented by Sicknefs, 8c c.

Power to Com -miffioners to *p-point Clerks

Appointment of an Umpire.

Umpire to take an Oath.

Surveyors bow to be appointed.

ceeding Meeting, (fuch Meetings being known to him.in manner aforefaid, and loch Commiffioner not hating been prevented by Sicknefs, or other reafonable Caufe to be allowed by the other Com-mifiioner, from attending or continuing at fuch Meeting or Meet* ings,) then and in every fuch cafe fuch Abfence or Non Attendance (hall be deemed and taken to be a'Refufal to ad within the Intent and Meaning of this Ad.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That the laid Commiffioners (hall, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to appoint a Clerk to affift thpm in the Execution of 'the faid recited Act and this Aft, and (hall and may remove fuch Cler|p and appoint another in hh Room, as to them (hall feem meet; and in cafe of the Death, Incapacity, Negled or declining to ad, of any fuch Clerk, then and in any fuch cafe the faid Commiffioners (nail and may appoint any other Perfon they mar think proper to be their Clerk.

VII.	And be it further • enaded, That if any Difference (hall arife between the faid Commiffioners, touching or concerning arty matter or thing to be done by them, by virtue or in the Execution of the faid recited Ad' or this Ad, whereupon the faid Commif-(ioners (hall differ in Opinion, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Difference (hall be forthwith referred to fttch fit and proper Perfon (nofinterefted in the faid Divifion and Inclofure) as the faid Com-miffioners (hall, by Writing under their Hands, appoint as Umpire between them, and which Appointment they are hereby required to make at their Firft Meeting to be held under this Ad ; and the matter upon which fuch Difference (hall arife (hall be fettled and determined by fuch Perfon fo to be appointed Umpire, whofe Determination therein (hall be reduced into Writing, and (hall be binding and conclufive upon all Parties whomsoever (except at* to fuch Right of Appeal as is given by the faid recited Aft or this Ad) ; and for the Purpofes aforefaid fuch Umpire (hall have and he is hereby veiled with the fame Powers and Authorities as By the faid recited Ad and this Ad are given to or veiled in the laid Commiffioners.

VIII.	Provided always* and be it further enaded, That no Ffcr-fon (hall be. capable of a&ihg as Umpire as aforefaid, until he (hall have taken and fubfcribed an Oath in the Form or to the Effcd following; that is to fay,

‘ J A* B. do fwear [or, being One of the Peopl? called QnaUn} 4 do folemnly affirm]. That I will faithfully, impartially and ho-

* neftly, according to the beft of my Skill and Judgment, execute

*	and perforin the feveral Powers and Authorities veiled and repo fed 4 in me as an Umpire, by virtue of an Ad paffed in the Fifty 4 eighth Year of the Reign* of King George the Third, intituled

*	An AB \here infert the Title of this according to Equity and

*	good Conscience, and without Favour or Affedion, Prejudice or

*	Partiality to any Perfon or Perfons wbomfoever.

* So help me GOD*’

Which Oath the faid Commiffioners, or either of them, are and is hereby empowered to adminifter? and fuch Oath, and nlfb the Writing appointing fuch Umpire, (hall be annexed to end enrolled with the final Award of the find Commiffioners.

IX* And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Faitftt and Land

Revenues,

A.D.1818.

58° GEO- IIL

C. 100-

403

c

i

I

j

Revenues, as foon as conveniently may be after the palling of this AA, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to nominate and appoint fome fit and proper Perfon and Perfons (not interefted in tbe laid pivifionr and Indofure)* to be the Surveyor oar Surveyors for viewing, furveying and meafuring the faid Hayes of Birkland and Bilhagh, and the other Commonable Lands and Open Unindofed Grounds within the faid Townlhip of Edwnftowe, by this AA to be divided, allotted and indofed ; aqd fuch Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby accordingly authorized and dire&ed, as foon as conveniently may be after the palling of this A6t, to jiew, furvey and meafure the Hayes of Birkland and h’tlhagh, and the Commonable Lands and Open Unindofed Grounds within the faid Townlhip of Edminjlo'mc, arid to defcribe and lay down the fame by way of Map or Plan, and thereon, or in a Book of Reference to be annexed thereto, (hall be fet forth the Number of Statute Acres, Roods and Perches of the faid Hayes and Commonable Lands and Unindofed Grounds; and that when and fo foon as the faid Surveyor or* Surveyors (hall have fini(hed and completed the laid Survey, Map or Plan, he of they (hall, by Notice in. Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, apprize the laid Commiffioners thereof, and appoint a time and Place for meeting with them, of which Ten Days* Notice at lead (hall be given to each of the laid .Commiffioners; at which Meeting the faid Surveyor or Surveyors (hall deliver to the faid Com* miffioners prefent at‘fuch Meeting his or their Survey and Plan, and Book of Reference, and (hall lubfcribe the fame with his or their Name or Names, in the Prefence of the faid Commiffioners, who (hall atteft the fame.

X-	And be it further ena&ed, That no Perfon (hall a A as a Sur- Surveyor** veyor in the Execution of any of the Powers hereby given, until he

(hall, have taken and fubferibed the Oath following ; that ia to fay,

*	T A.B. do fwear {or, tfting One of the People called* Quaker*, do < folemnly affirm], hat 1 will faithfully, impartially and honeftly,

*	to the beft of my Skill and Judgment, execute the feveral Powers

*	Xnd Authorities veiled and repofed in me, as a Surveyor, by virtue 4 of an*AA pafied in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of King ‘ George the Third, intituled An Ad [here in/ert theTitle of this Ad],

4 without Favour or AffeAion, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Perfon 4 of Perfons whomfoever.	<	So	help	me	GOD.*

* Which Oath it (hall be lawful for either of the faid Commiffioners to adminifter j and the faid Oath when fo taken fhall be written on Parchment, and fubferibed by the faid Surveyor, and duly attefted by the faid Commiffioners'under their Hands, and lhalt. be enrolled with the final Award to be made by the faid Commiffioners,

XI-	Provided always, and be it further enaAed, That in cafe the Appointment of faid Surveyor or Surveyors fo to be appointed as aforefaid, or any n*c Surveyor#, fucceeding Surveyor to be appointed in manner hereinafter mentioned, ,n cafe of De*th, (hall die, refufe, negleA to aA or become incapable of afting in the Execution of the faid recited AA and this AA, then and in every

fuch cafe, it (hall be lawful for the Commififoners for the time being of His Majefty*$ Woods, • Forefts and Land Revenues, by any Writing under their Hands, within One Calendar Month next after fuch Death, Refufal, NegleA or Incapacity as aforefaid (hall be made Jtnown to them, to nominate and appoint fonfe other fit and proper

*	D	d 2	Perfjn

404

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

C.100.

I

Tf Commif-fioners of Woods, &c. nejrlcft to appoint, Com: miffioner* under the A& to have the Power.

Meetings of Commiffioners.

Notice of Meet. iogt to be given.

Perfon (not interefted id the faid Divifton and Inclofure) to be a Surveyor in the Room or Stead of any Surveyor fo dying, refafing or negleding to ad, or becoming incapable of ading in the Execution of the faid recited Ad and this Ad; and every Surveyor fo nominated and appointed fhall, after taking and fubfcribing the Oath prefcribed in this behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities, and fhall be fubjed and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Re* ftridions, as if he had been originally appointed a Surveyor by virtue of this Ad.

XII. And bo it further enaded. That if the Commifiionen for tho time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Reve-nues, fhall make Default in nominating and appointing any Surveyor or Surveyors fo direded to be nominated and appointed by them as a fore faid, within the time for that Purpofe limited, and in manner aforefaid; then and in every fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for the Commiffioners ading in the Execution of this Ad, and they ire hereby required fr6m time to time, by Writing under their Hands, within One Calendar Month after tjie Expiration of the time fo allowed for nominating and appointing anj new and fucceeding Surveyor or Surveyors as aforefaid, to nominate and appoint a proper Perfon (not interefted in the faid Divifion and Inclofure) to be a Surveyor in the Room or Stead of any fuch Surveyor fo dying, refuting or becoming incapable to ad as aforefaid ; and every Surveyor To nominated and appointed fhall, after taking the Oath prr fcribed in that behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities, and be fubjed to the like Rules and Reftridions as if he had been originally appointed a Surveyor under and by virtue of this Ad.

>XIII. And be it further enaded, That the Firft Meeting of the faid Commiffioners for putting this Ad in Execution fhall be held at the Houfe of Mary H'trjl, the Sign of The Rqyal Oak, in Edwit-flow, or at Tome other convenient Mace in the Townfhip of Edwnflom> within Two Calendar Months at the fartheft next after the palling of this Ad ; and that the faid Commiffioners (hall caofe Notice in Writing to be affixed upon each of the outer Doors of the Church of the Parifh of Edwinfllovvc ; and alfo Notice by Advcrdfe-ment to be inferted in the Nottingham Journal Newfpaper, if tbes publifhed, and if not, then in fome other Newfpaper or Newfpapen ufually circulating in the faid Townfhip of Edwinjlotue or County of Nottingham, of the time and Place of their Firft and every fob-fequent Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted) for the Execution of the Powers of this Ad veiled in them, Fourteen Days at leaft before the time appointed for fuch refpedive Meetings; and in cafe only One of the laid Commiffioners mall attend at tbe time and Place appointed for any Meeting, or to which any Meeting fhall be adjourned, it fhall be lawfiu for fuch Commiffioncr fo attending, and for the Clerk of the faid Commiffioners, in cafe neither of the laid Commiffioners fhall attend, to adjourn fuch Meeting, to be holden at any future Day, not exceeding Twenty one Days from tbe Day of Adjournment, at the fame or fome other convenient Place in the Townfhip of Edwinflowe, or within Three Miles thereof; and the Commiffioner or clerk fo making fuch Adjournment is hereby required to give timely Notice thereof to the abfent Com-miffioner or Commiffioners, and that the faid Commiffioners fhall have

Power

Jt.D.1818.

58* GEO. IH.

e.

405

Other Notice* how to be given.

Claims of Right. to be produced to the Commif-fioners.

Comini(Eoners may fettle Disputes as.to Rights or Inter-efts claimed; but not Title.

Power to adjourn any Meeting to be held by virtue of the laid recited A& or this A& from time to tim£ as they mav think convenient.

XIV.	And be it further ena&e<^ That all other Public Notices requifite or neceffary to be given by the faid Commiffioners, fhall be given by Advertisement to be inferted in the faid Nottingham Journal Newfpaper, if then publifhed, and if not, then-in fome other Newspaper or Newfpapers ufually circulating in the faid Townfhip of Edwinftowc or County of Nottingham, and alfo affixed on* the principal outer Door of the Pariffi Church of EdwinRowe aforefaid.

XV.	Provided alyvays, and be it ena&ed, That all Perfons haying or claiming any Eftate, Intereft or Rights in or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby dire&ed to be divided, allotted and inclofed, {hall by themfelves or their Agents deliver their refpe&ive Claims, in Writing to the faid Commiffioners, at a Meeting to be holden for that Pnr-pofe, in manner dire&ed by the faid recited A& of the Forty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, of which Meeting Twenty one Days' Notice iri Writing, under the Hands of the faid Commiffioners, expreffing the Purpofe of. fuch Meeting, fhall be given in manner hereinbefore dire&ed.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed. That in cafe any Difpute or Difference fhall arife between any of the Parties interefted or claiming to be interefted in the faid intended Divifion and Inclofure, touching or concerning the refpe&ive Rights and Interefts- which they, or any of them.(half have or claim tQ have in the fame, or.touching or.concerning affty other matter or thing relating to the faid Divifion and Inclofure, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to examine into, hear and determine the fame refpe&ively: Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall authorize the faid Commiffioners to determine the Title to any MefTuages, Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments what fee ver.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe the faid Com* miffioners fhall upon the' Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Obje&ion or Obje&ions to be delivered to them in pur-fuance of this or the faid recited A&, fee Caufe to award any Cofts,. chims wdOb" then and in fuch cafe It fhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and jettions. they are hereby empowered upon Application made to them for that

Purpofe, to fettle, aflefs and award fuch Cofts and Charges as they fhall think reasonable, to be paid either to the public Account for or towards the Expences occafipned in or relating to the investigating, fettling and determining of fuch Claim or Claims if finally difallowed, or to the Party or Parties in whofe Favour any Determination of the faid Commiffioners fhall be made, by the Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate* whofe Claim or Claims,

Obie&ion or Obje&ions, (hall be thereby difallowed* or overruled; and in cafe the Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who fhall be liable to pay fuch CofU and Charges, ihall negle& or refufe to pay the fame on Demand, then and in every cafe it mall and may be lawful for the Said Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, dire&ed to any Perfon or Perfons whorofoever, to caufe fuch Cofts and Charges to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods, and Diftrefs. Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, fo negle&ing or refuting to pay the fame, ren-

D d 3	dering

Power to Com. miffloners to aflef* Cofts relative to difpute*

406'	c. KXL	58*	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1818*

dering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Perfoa or Perfons, or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whofe Goods and Chattels (hall have been fo diftrained ancWfold, after deducing the CofU and Charges attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale*

Parties may try XVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Perfon or their Rights by Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, interefLed w ue at aw. Qr c]ajmfng to be interfiled in -the faid intended Divifion and Allotments, (hall be diffatisfied with any Determination of the faid Com-mifliemers, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of any Right of Common or other Rights or InterefU whatfoever, in, over or upon the faid Lands and Grounds hereby dire&ed to be divided, allotted or mdofed, or any Part or Parts thereof, then and in every fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate fo diffatisfied; to caufe an A&ion to be brought, upon a feigned I flue, againft the Perfon br Perfons in whofe Favour fuch Determination fhaU have been made, or againft the faid Commiffioners, if the Subje& of their Determination (hall he of fuch a Nature as will affe& the Perlbni in general mterefted in the faid Divifion and Indofure, within Three Calendar Months next after fuch Determination or Order of the faid Com-miffioners (hall have been notified in Writing to the Party or Parties Proceeding*. interefted therein, and (hall proceed to a Trial or Trials at Law at the then next or at the following Affizes to be holden for the (kid County of Nottingham ; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch A&ion or A&ions (hall, and he, (he or they is and they%re hereby required to name an. Attorney or Attornies, who (hall appear thereto or file Common Bail, andaccept One Or more Iffue or lffues whereby fuch Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infifted os, may be tried and determined; fuch KTue or lffues to be fettled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the faid A&ion or A&ions (hall be commenced, in cafe the Parties differ about the fame; and the Verdi& or Verdi&s which (hall be given in fuch A&ion or A&ions (hall be binding, final and conclufive upon all and every Perfon and Perfons whomfoever, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, unlefs the Court wherein fuch A&ion or* A&ions (hall be brought (hall fet afide fuch Verdi& or VerBi&s, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it (hall be lawful for the Court to do as is ufual in other cafes ; and after fuch Verdict or Verdi&s (hall be obtained, and not fet afide by the Court, the faid Commiffionecs (hall and they are hereby required to a& in Conformity thereto, and to allow or difallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of fuch Trial or Trials \ and all Cofts and Charges payable by the faid Commiffioners in fuch A&ion or A&ions, flail be paid and difeharged out of the Monies to be raifed by them for the Purpofes of this A&.

In what cafe	XIX.	Provided	always, and be it ena&ed. That the Determination

Determination 0f the faid Commiffioners, touching fuch Claim or Claims of any of the Comma- Right of Common, or other Rights or Intereffs in, over or upon the loners ua faid Lands and Grounds hereby dire&ed to be divided, allotted and inclofed, or any Part thereof, (hall, in cafe fuch Determination flail not be fo obje&ed to, or, being obje&ed to, fuch A&ion or A&ions *	at Law (hall not- be brought and proceeded in within the time and

manner herein far that Purpofe mentioned, be final and conclufive

upon

407

A.D.idifc

58* GEa in.

C.100.

upon all and every Perfon and Perfons, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate.

XX.	And be it further ena&ed, .That if either of the Parties, in any Adion to be brought or Appeal had in purfuance of this Ad, fhall die pending the fame, fuch Adion or Appeal fhall not abate by reafon thereof, but fhall be proceeded in as if no fuch Event had happened. \

XXI.	Provided always, and be it enaded. That no fuch Difference, Difpute or Proceeding, touching the Title to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, fhall impede or delay the laid Com* miffioners iq the Execution of this Ad; but the Divifion or Inclo-fure hereby direded to be made fhall be proceeded in notwithftanding any fuch Difference, Suit or Proceeding; and the faid Commiflioners Jhall, by proper Marks and Bounds, fet out the Lands and Grounds which fhall be allotted in lieu’of fuch litigated Property, fo that the fame may be diftinguifhed from any other 'Lands and Grounds, and may be had and taken by the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who, upon the Determination of fuch Difference, fhall be entitled to the fame.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons in whole Favour any fuch Determination ^8 afore-faid fhall have been made, and againft whom any Adion or Adions might have been brought if living, fhall die before any fuch Adion or A&ions fhall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the time hereinbefore limited for bringing fuch Adion or A&ions, it fhall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who might have brought fuch Adion or A&ions againft the Perfon or Perfons fo dying, to bring the fame within the time fo limited as aforefaid againft fuch Perion or Perfons as if adually living, and to ferve the .Clerk to the faid Commiflioners with Procefc for commencing fuch Adion or Adions, in the fame manner as the Party or Parties fo dying might have been ferved therewith if living ; and it fliall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Perfon or Perfons who fhall claim the Benefit of fuch Determinations, as aforefaid,. to appear and defend fuch Adion or Adions in the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons fo dead, and Proceedings fhall be had therein in the fame manner as if fuch perfon or Perfons. had been adually living'; and the Rights of all Parties fhall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of fuch Adion or Adions.

XXIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further, ena&ed. That nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend to enable the faid Commiflioners to determine any Right between any Parties, contrary to the Poffef-fion of any fuch Parties, excepting cafes erf Encroachment; but in cafe the faid Commiflioners fhall be of Opinion againft the Right of the Perfgn or Perfons fo in Pofleffion, they (hall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Poffeflion fhall have been given up-by or recovered Trom fuch Perfon or Perfons by Eje&ment or other, due Courfe of Law.

XXIV.	* And'be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons,

Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, fhall confider him-felf, "berfelf or themfelves prejudiced or aggrieved by the Determination of the faid Commiflioners, refpe&wg the Limits or Boundaries of the bid Town (hip of	upon the faid Lands

D d 4	and

Adion not to abate by Death of Parties.

Difputes touching Tide not to lufpend Execution of Ad.

In cafe of the Death of intended Defendants in Adion before Adion brought, the Time to be carried on and defended in their Names.

Perfons in Pet feflion (Exception) not to be molefted without due Courfe of Law.

Its what cafe Trial of Boundaries by an I flue at Law inftead of Appeal to Quarter

408

C; 100.

A.D. ISIS.

For adjufting Allotments, Commiffioncn may adjudge Quantity and Value of Lands, *c. .

CommiflGoners to fet out private Roads to His Majefty'* Allotments.

Power to turn and ft op Roads, on giving Notice and having the Content of Juftices..

5Bft GEO. Ill*

and Grounds hereby dire&ed to be divided, allotted and inclofed, or of any Parifli, Manor, Townfhip, Hamlet, Diftrift or Place adjoining thereto, as the fame (hall be fet out and ascertained by the {aid Commiffioners purfuant to the faid recited A6t of the Forty firff Year of. the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and (hall by Writing under his, her or their Hands or Hand give Notice to the faid Com-miffioners, within Three Calendar Months next after fuch Determination, of his, her or their Defire to have the fame determined by an Ifiue at Law, inftead of an Appeal to the Quarter Seffioos, under the Provifions of the faid laft-recited A6t; then .and in fuch cafe it ihall be lawful for* the Perfon qr Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, fo difiatisfied with fuch Determination; to have the fame afeertained by Trial of an Ifiue* at Law, tinder the Provifions of this Ad, in fuch and the like manner' as in cafe of any difputed Right or Claim.

XXV.	And be it further ena£}ed, That for the Purpofe of ad-jufting the Allotments of Land to be made to the feveral Perfons entitled to any Right of Common upon the faid Hayes or Commonable Lands and Uninclofed Grounds hereby dire&ed to be divided and inclofed, the faid Commiffioners (hall and they are hereby authorized to adjudge and determine.the Quantity and Value of ail and every of the Lands in virtue whereof fuch Right of Common is claimed and allowed; and to rate and efiimate the fame as to them (hall feem juft and reasonable, according to the real Value thereof, for the Purpofes of Hufbandry, without regard to any artificial or extraordinary Value arifing from local, temporary or other peculiar Advantages; and fuch their Judgment and Determination (hall be binding and conclufive upon all Parties whomsoever: Provided, that nothing herein contained (hall' extend to authorize the faid Com* miflioners, or any of thefn, to confider any ancient Mefluage or Building, or Scite thereof, in refpelt whereof any Right of Common (hall be allowed,* at any more or greater Value than any other ancient Mefluage or Buildipg, or Scite thereof; but the faid Commiffioners (hall rate and efiimate all ancient Mefluages and. Buildings, and Scites thereof, at ah equal Value one with another, and at fuch Value as they (hall think moft expedient.

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Commiffioners ihall and they are hereby required to fet out fuchf and fo many private Roads and Ways as (hall be neceflary for giving to His Majefty, His Heirs, Succefiors and Afiigns, and to the Commiffioners for the time being. of His Majefty9* Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, and the Deputy Clerk and Servants of fuch Commiffioners, convenient Accefs to the Allotments of His Majefty to be fet out under the Authority of this A6t. .

XXVII.	And be it further ena&ed. That the faid Commiffioners (hall and may turn or abate, and flop up, or order to be turned or abated and ftopped up, any ancient Carriage Road or Way, Roads or Ways, efccept Turnpike Roads or ancient -Footway or Path, FootwayB or Paths, in, through, upon or over any of the faid Hayes and Commonable Lands, and Open Uninclofed Grounds, hereby dire&ed to be divided, allotted and inclofed, where they (hall judge it requifite or expedient, giving fuch Notice of a Day to be appointed by them to receive Objections, as in the faid recited A€t of the Forty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty is dire&ed

or

A.D. 181ft

58« GEO. III.

C. 100.

4011

or required in the cafe of fetting oift the Roads and Ways therein mentioned, and obferving the Direftions of the faid recited A61 as to the obtaining the Concurrence and Order of Two Juftices of the Peace previous* thereto, and fubjeft to an Appeal to the Quarter Seffions, as in the faid recited Aft is mentioned.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Commiifioners, and they are hereby empowered to direft, order and award all Streams of Water, Springs and Water-courfes within the Lands and Grounds hereby direfted to be divided, allotted and inclofed, to be carried and conveyed, in fuch Courfes, and through fuch of the faid Lands and Grounds fo hereby intended to be divided, allotted and inclofed, as they in their Difcretion fhall think neceflary and proper for the Purpofes aforefaid : Provided always, that no fuch Streams of Water, Springs or Watercourfes fhall be diverted' or turned without the Confent in Writing of the Perfon or Perfons from and into whofe Lands the fame fhall be carried or conveyed.

XXIX.	And.be it further enafted, That the faid Commiifioners fhall, and they are hereby required, as foon as conveniently may be. after fetting Out Public Roads and Highways as by the faid recited Aft of the Forty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty is direfted, to fet out and allot, unto and for the Surveyors of the Highways of the faid Townfhip of Edwinftowe, fo much and fuch Part or Parts of the faid Commonable Lands and Open Uniuclofed Grounds to 'be divided, allotted and inclofed, not exceeding Three Acres, and in fuch Places, as (he faid Commiffiouera fhall think proper, for getting Stone, Gravel or other Materials for the Repairs for Private Roads and Highways within the faid Townfhip ; and any Grafs and Herbage arifing therefrom fhall be and the fame are hereby veiled in the laid refpeftive* Surveyors of the Highways for the time being, who fhall let; the fame, and account refpefting. the Rents and Profits in the fame manner as they are by Law liable to account for other Monies collected and received by them as Surveyors as aforefaid.

XXX.	And bp it further enafted, That when the Survey of* the faid Lands and Grounds by this Aft intended to be divided, allotted and inclofed, fhall Have been made and delivered to the faid Com* milfioners for carrying this Aft into Execution, and the Boundaries thereoF fhall have been duly fettled, and when, purfuant to the Powers hereinbefore contained, the feveral Pieces of Ground for Roads, Highways and Places for getting Materials for the Repairs of the Roads fhall have been fet out, the faid Commiifioners fhall, as foon as may be,* proceed to value the whole of the faid Hayes of Birhland and Bilbagb, and other Commonable Lands and Open Uninclofed Grounds within the faid Townfhip of Edwinftowc aforefaid ; and when and fo foon as foch Valuation fhall have been made, the faid Commiffioners fhall fet out and allot in Severalty unto The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors,- one full Moiety or Half Part (Quantity, Quality and Value being confidered) of the Lands and Grounds comprized within the faid Hayes of Birhland and Bilhagb, the Soil whereof is veiled in His Majefty for and as a Confederation for fuch Right of Soil, and for all the Rights and Interefts of His Majefty/His Heirs .and SuccefUbni, in and to the ftud Hayes of Birhland and Bilbarb; and the faid Commiffioners fhall in the next

Place

Appeal.

Commiffioners empowered to torn Watercourfes with Confent of Proprietor* of Lands.

Allotments for Repairs of private Roads to he made to Surveyors of Highways.

Allotments to His Majefty.

410

C. 100.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

A certain Allotment tikeu ia Satisfs&ioo of H'»s M*jelly’s Foreftal Rights.

Award of the Crown** Allot, merits, Three Originals, Two enrolled, and One depolited with Clerk of the Peace of the Cpnnty of Not-ingham.

Allotments to Lords for Right ef Soil.

Place fet out and allot in Severalty unto The King** Moft Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, fo much and fuch Part and Parts of the other Commonable Lands and • Open Uninclofed Grounds, within the faid Town (hip of Edv)inftow% not comprized in the faid Hayes, as in the Judgment of the laid Commiilioners (hall (Quantity and Quality and Situation confidered) be equal in Value to One Thirty fecond Part of the whole of the faid Commonable Lands and Open Uninclofed Grounds which (hall remain after making fuch Allotments as aforefaid, the -faid lad mentioned Allotment to be fet out as near the former as conveniently may be, and to be deemed and taken .to be as a Compenfation and in Satisfaction of His Majefty** Rights of -Deer, Game and other Foreftal Rights; and fo foon as the fame (hall be fevered from the Lands adjoining thereto, the Allotments of One Moiety or Half Part of the faid Hayes, and Ope Thirty fecond Part of the other Commonable Lands and Open Uninclofed Grounds (hall become and remain the exclufire and abfolnte Property of The King's * Moft Excellent Majefty, Hi# Heirs and Succeffors, freed, exonerated and for ever difeharged of and from *11 Right of Common of Pafture, Common of Eftovecs, and all other .Rights of what Nature or Kind foever, and of all and lingular the Owner3 and Occupiers of Manors, Mefluages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments; who at the time of palling this Ad were entitled to any fuch Rights thereon, or of any other Perfon or Perfons whomsoever.

XXXI.	And be it further ena&ed* That when and fo foon as the faid Commiilioners (hall have fet#out the Allotments hereinbefore dire&ed to be fet out to. His Majefty; His Heirs and Succeffors, they (hall prepare ah Award, with a Map or Plan annexed thereto, and which Award (hall be prepared and executed within Two Years after the palling of this Ad* and whereof there fhall be Three Original*, One to be enrolled in the Court of Exchequer at IVeji-minfter, another in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue, there to remain on Record, and (hall afterwards be filed and preferved amongft the Muniments of the Office of the Commiilioners of His Majefty*s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being; fuch Award, or the Enrolment thereofi to be produced, read and received in Evidence on all Occafions where any Queftion, Doubt or Controrerfy (hall or may arife relating to or affecting the Rights and Interefts of His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors, in refped of any Allotment vefted in The King’s Moft Excellent Maiefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, by virtue of this Ad ; and the Third of the faid Awards fttfll be depolited with the Clerk of the Peace of the faid County of Nottingham.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Comnuffiooers fhall affign, fet out and allot, unto and for the Lord or Lords of the fcveral Manors of Edwinfiowe and Edv/'tnfloivc Redory, fo much of the faid Commonable Lands and Open (Jninclofed Grounds within the faid Townlhip of Edwinjlow as in the Judgment of tfie faid Commiilioners (hall be equal in Value (Quality, Quantity and Situation confideVed) to One eighteenth Part thereof; and fuch Allotments (hall be a full Recompence and Compenfation for the Right of fuch Lord or Lords in and for the Soil of the faid Commonable Lands and Open Uhinclofed Grounds, apd (hall be divided and apportioned

. between

' c. loo.

411

A.D. 1818.	58*	GEO. III.

between the faid refpe&ive Lords, according to their refpc&ive Rights and Iuterefts.

XXXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Commiffioners fhall and they are hereby required, after making fuch Allotments as are hereinbefore mentioned, to divide, fet out and allot the other Moiety or Half Part of the faid Hayes of Birkland and Bilbagb, and all the Reft, Refidue and Remainder of the faid Commonable JLands and Open Uninclofed Grounds within the faid Town (hip of Edwinflowe, unto and amongft all and every the Perfon and Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, entitled to the Commonage in, over or upon the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof refpe&ively, according to their feveral and refpe&ive Edates, Rights and Interefts. therein, as they the faid Commiffioncrs (hall adjudge and deem to be a fair and equal Compenfation and Satisfaction for fuch their feveral and refpe&ive Eftates, Rights and other Interefts as aforefaid, due Regard being had, in fettling the Quantum of each Allotment, to the Quality and Situation of the Land to be comprized therein.

XXXIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That all Timber Trees, Wood and Underwood, growing, (landing and being on any Allotments of that Moiety or Half Part of the faid Hayes of Birkland and Bilbagb hereby intended to be divided and allotted unto and amongft the feveral Perfons entitled to Rights of Common, at the time when fuch Divifion and Allotment (half take place, (hall become and be the Property of the Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, to whom fuch Allotment or Allotments (hall be made or fet out, fuch Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, paying the Value of the fame to the Coramif-fioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues; and in cafe the CommiflionerB of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, and any Perfon to whom fuch Allotment (hall be made, cannot agree on the Price or Value to be paid for any Timber Trees, Wood or Underwood growing and being on any fuch Allotment, the Value of* fuch Timber Trees, Woods or Underwoods, lhall be referred to, fettled and ascertained by Tiyo indifferent Perfons to be named as Arbitratoss, One of whom (hall be chofen by the Commiilioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, and the other by the Perfon or Perfons, Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, difputing fuch Value; and the faid Two Perfons fo to be appointed as Arbitrators (hall, within Three Calendar Months after being appointed, fix and afeertain the Value in Difpute; and their Decifion therein (hall be binding and conclu-five upon all Parties.concerned 5 or in cafe fuch Arbitrators (hall dif-agree as to the Value of the faid Timber Trees, Wood or Underwood, then the Value therepf (hall be afeertained and determined by fuch other Perfon as the faid Arbitrators (hall nominate as an Umpire, who (hall fix and determine the fame within Tiiree Calendar Months after being appointed for that Purpofe, and whofe Decifion therein fhallbe final and conclufive upon all Parties interefted-

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Perfon ’(hall negled, for the Space of Three Calendar Months after the Value of any fuch Timber (hall be afeertained, to pay for the (ame, or' (hall be unwilling to purebafe the fame, and (hall, within the fame Spade of time after the fetting out of any fuch Allotment,

Allotment of RcfiUne.

Timber growing on that Part of the Hayes to be allotted and divided, to become the Property of the Perfout to whom Allotments fhall be «uade, an paying the Value to Commiffioners of Woods, fuch Value to be fettled by Agreement or Reference.

Timber not paid for within Three Months alter Valuation, to continue the „ Property of H»» Majefty.

C. 100,

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Commiffioner* of Woods empowered to receive Money paid for Timber, How the fame applied.

50 G. 3. c. 65.

Allotments to be delineated in a Plan, and fbewn to the Proprietors.

Notice by Com-miflioners of Meeting for hearing Complaints*

mcnt> refiife to treat with the faid Commiffioners of His Majefty’l Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being, as to the Value of any fuch Timber Trees, Wood or Underwood, or to refer the Amount of fuch Value to Arbitration, in manner before mentioned, then and in every fuch cafe the Timber Trees, Wood and Underwood (landing, growing and being bn the Allotment or Allotments of the Perfon or Perfons fo negleding or refufing as afore-faid, fhall continue to be and fhall be the Property of His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeifors; and it fhall and may be lawful for His Majcfly, His Heira and Succeifors, and His and their Agents, Servants and Workmen, at any time within Two Years after any fuch Allotment fhall be fet out to the Perfon or Perfons fo neglecting or refufing as aforefaid, to cut down, take and carry away all the Timber Trees, Wood and Underwood (landing, growing and being thereon, and which were Handing, growing and being thereon, at the time of fetting out fuch Allotment or Allotments; and the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues are hereby authorized 5md empowered to receive all fuch Sums of Money as fhall be paid for the Value of any fuch Timber Trees, Wood and Underwood, and to apply the fame, in the Firft Place, in the Payment and Difcharge of all fuch Cofts and Expences of this Ad as are hereinafter directed to be defrayed and borne by His M»> jeftv; and if any Surplus Monies fhall remain after Payment of all fuch Cods and Charges, fuch Surplus fhall be paid into the Bank of England, and placed to the Account direded by an Ad palled in the Fiftieth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for uniting the Office* of Surveyor General of the Land Revenue* of tie Crown, and Surveyor General of Hi* Majefly */ Wood*9 Forejh* Park* and Cbacei, to be raifed in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, intituled ‘ The Account of the € Public Monies of the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, * Forefts and Land Revenues, t>eing the Woods and Forefts Fund $’ and fhall be applied and difpofed of in fuch and the like manner, and for fuch and the like Purpofes, as the other Monies by fuck laft mentioned Ad .direded or authorized to be paid in, carried over or placed to the fame Account, are thereby authorized or direded to be paid, applied or difpofed of.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaded, That when and fo foon as the faid Commiffioners fhall have afeertained the refpedive Rights of the Perfons interefled in the faid intended Inclofure, and alfo the refpedive Shares and Proportions by them propofed to be allotted to fuch Perfons refpedively in lieu thereof, they the laid Commiffioners fhall give Notice in manner aforefaid of the Day or Days and Place where all Perfons interefted may perufe a Schedule of fuch intended Allotments, and infped the Map or Plan whereon the fame fhall be delineated, and may have and receive a Copy of fuch Schedule, as far as the fame relates to each Perfon refpedively; and as fome Perfons may, upon Perufal of the faid Schedule, and Infpedion of fuch Map or Plan, be. difTatisfied with their iutended Allotments, the faid Commiffioners fhall give Notice of One Meeting at leaft to be held by them for hearing * Complaints and Objections againft fuch intended Allotments, and for hearing and determining au fuch Objedions; and their Determination in the Pnrmifes, as to

Quality

413

A."D. 1818.	58°	GEO.	III.	C.	100.

Quality and Situation, (hall be binding finftl and conclusive to all Parties.

XXXVII.	Aird be it further ena&ed, That all fuch Fences, or fuch Part or Parts thereof as the faid Commiffioners (hall dire&, (hall for ever after the making thereof be kept in Repair by the Perfon or Perfons who for the time being (hall be entitled to fuch Allotment or Allotments, and all Fences in purfuance of this Ad to be made for dividing and inclofing the Moiety or Half Part of the faid Hayes of Biriland and Bilbagb, not allotted to His Majefty; and the Refidue of the. faid Commonable Lands and Open Uninclofcd Grounds (hall be made, and at all times for ever thereafter repaired and maintained, by and at the Expence of the Proprietors interefted therein, in fuch Parts and Proportions, and within fuch time and in fuch manner, as the faid Commiffioners (hall in and by their Award dire& or appoint.

XXXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if, owing to the Situation or other Circumftances of any Allotment or Allotments, it (hall happen that the Proprietors thereof (hall not have a proportionable Share of Boundary Fencing thereto, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, where they (hall judge reafonable, to afcertain and determine the Sum or Sums of Money to be contributed and paid by fuch Proprietor or Proprietors towards the Expence of the Boundary Fencing of fuch other or others of the faid Proprietors who may happen to have too great a Proportion thereof, in order that the Expences of the Boundary Fences may be brought as near as may be to a juft and equal Proportijn, Regard being had to the neceflary Subdmfion Fences within the refpe&ive Allotments; and the Money to be fo afcertained and applied (hall be levied and recovered in the fame manner as Penalties are dire&ed to be levied and recovered by the faid recited A& of the Forty firft Year of His Majefty’s Reign.

XXXIX.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That all and every the Allotments to be made in purfuance of this Aft for or in refpe& of any-Freehold Eftates, (hall be deemed and taken to be held and enjoyed as Freehold Eftates; and all and eveiy the Allotments to be made for or in refpe& of any Copyhold or Cuftomary Eftates held of any Manor or Manors in which the Lands and Grounds to be indofed by virtue of this Ad refpedively lie or are (ituate, (hall be deemed or taken to be as Copyhold or Cuftomary Eftates, and (hall be held of the refpedive Lords thereof under the fame Rents and by the fame Cuftoms and Services as the Copyhold or Cuftomary Lands and Hereditaments for which they were fo allotted are or ought to have been held, and (hall pafs by the like Surrenders as the Qppyhold or Cuftomary Lands and Hereditaments in refped whereof fuch Allotments (hall be made now pafs.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enaded. That if any of the Perfons interefted in the faid Divifion and Inclofure (hall fell, or fttidl at any time hereafter, and before the Execution of the final Award of the faid Commiffioners, fell his, her or their Right, Intercft or Property in, over and upon the faid Lands and Grounds hereby dire&ed to be divided, allotted and inclofed, or any Part thereof, to any other Perfon or Perfons, then it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchafer in fuch

Sale,

Fences of Allot* (rents of Kefidue to be kept in Repair by Proprietors.

SnisfaDion to be nude lor unequal Sliare of Boundary Fences.

Allotments to remain of the fame Tenure.

Provifo for Sale of Allotments before the Execution of Award.

C.100.

J8* GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Sale, or to bis or her Hein or Affigns, for or in refpe& of fuck Right, Intereft and Property fold { and every fuch Vendee or Pur* chtfer, and his and her Hein and Afiigns, (hall and may, after the Completion of fitch Sale, hold the Land and Ground fo to be allotted to him, her or them as aforefaid, in the fame manner, purfuant to the Terms of fuch Sale, to all Intents and Purpofes, aa the Vendor in every fuch Sale might, could or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame in cafe fuch Sale had not been made.

Commiflioners XLI. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful to allot Lands in to and for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorised othe^whh1	anc* reclI"rc^* t0 fet ol,t» a^ot and award any Lands, Tenements

Ciwfentof	or Hereditaments within the faid Town(hip in which the faid Lands

Owners.	and Ground* hereby dire&ed to be divided and allotted lie or are

iituate, or any Part thereof, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments whatfoever within the faid Town (hip, or within any adjoining Parifh, Townfhip or Plaqp, provided that all fuch Exchanges be afcertained, fpecified and declared in the Award of the faid Commiflioners, and be made with the Content of* the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which (hall be fo exchanged, whether fuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, (half be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail general or fpe-cial, or by the Courtefy of Englandy or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives (by and with she Confent of the Leflor or Leflort thereof, and not otherwife), or with the Confent of the Guardians. Truftees, Feoffees for charitable or other-Ufes, Huibauds, Committees or Attornies of or a&ing for fuch Proprietors or Owners && aforefaid who at the time of making fuch Exchange or Exchanges (hall be refpe&ively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or uoder other legal Incapacity*, or who (hall be beyond the Seas, or otherwife dif-abled to a& for tbemfelves, himfelf or herfelf; fuch Confent to be teftified in Vftiting under the Common Seal of the ]8ody Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the othe^ Parties contenting refpe&ively; and all and every fuch Exchange or Exchanges fo to be made (hall be good, valid and effe&ual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

Lands held in XLII. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further ena&ed. That no Right of JEccle- Exchange (hall be made of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments fiaftical Benefice held in Right of any Church, Chapel or other EccleGaftical Bene-flee, without the Confent, teftified as aforefaid, of the Patron thereof, of Patron, See. and of the Bi(hop of the Diocefe or other Ordinary of the Ecclefi-aftical Jurifdi&ion in which fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments fo to be exchanged (hall lie or be iituate.	m

Fxpences of	XLIII.	Provided	always, and be it ena&ed, That the CofL,

*VOW Charges and Expences attending the making or completing of all f* pal * Exchanges and Partitions under the Powers and Authorities in thi» A& and. the faid recited A& of the Forty firft Year of the Rdgn of His prefent Majefty, or either of them, (hall be paid and borne by the feveral Perfons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, making fuch Exchanges or Partitions, in fuch manner and in fuch Proportions as the {aid Commiffioners (hall order and dire&, aad to be recovered and recoverable in the fame manner as any other

Expences

A.D. 1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. 100.

415

Kxptfncea ordered to be paid by (be faid Commiffioners are re* coverable.	*

XLIV. And be it further enadfced, That all Leafed and Agree* For nesting meats for Leafes at Rack Rent* now fubfifting of or affedting all or at Rack an y of the Lands and Grounds which (hall be divided and allotted Rent* by virtue of this A dk, within the faid. Town (hip of Edwnfiowet (hall ceafe and be void at fuch time and times as the faid Com* mtffioners, by Writing under their Hands, to be affixed on the principal Doors of the Pari(h Church of Edwinftonve, (hall dire&,_ the refpedtive LefTors or Landlords making fuch Satisfaction in Money to their Leffees or Tenants, for the Lofles they (hall fuftain by the Determination of their refpedfcive Leafes or Agreements, as the .faid refpe&ive Parties (hall agree upon, or as the faid Coramif-fioners, upon an Application made to them in Writing by either Party, (hall order and diredk; and if the Money fo to be paid as aforefaid (hall not be paid, according to the Diredkions of the faid Commiffioners, within Twenty* eight Days after Demand thereof in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame (hall be payable, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby required, to raife and levy the fame, for the Ufe and Benefit of the Perfon or Perfons’entitled thereto, by' fuch Wayf and Means as Penalties are dire&ed to be levied and recovered under and by virtue of the faid Adi of the Forty firft Year of His MajeftyProvided always, that nothing provifo for cer. herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to fet afide tain Leafes upon or make void any Lenfe or Leafes from any Bodies Politic, Corpa- Fine-rate or Collegiate, or Perfon or Perfons,- for any Life or Lives, or for Twenty one'Years, or for any longer Term, for the granting of which a Fine has been taken of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in the faid Pariftt or Townlhip or either of them, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever; but the Perfon or Perfons antitied to fuch beneficial Leafe (hall and may hold and enjoy his, her or their feveral and refftedtive Terms therein, and under the fame Rents and Covenants as is or are fpecified in his, her or their refpedtive Leafes from the faid Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Perfon or JPerfons, to him, her or them refpedlively.

XLV- And be it further cnadked, That immediately after all the Rights of Corn-Allotments to be made in purfuance of this Adi (hall by Order of mon to cesfe. the (aid Commiffioners be marked qr flaked out, all the feveral Shares or Allotments to be fet out as aforefaid (hall be, and be deemed and taken to be, in lieu and fn foil Compensation, Satisfaction and Difchafge of all Rights of Common, whatfoeyer, which the Perfons interefted in the Allotment or Inclofure, or any of them, could or might have had or been entitled to, in, over and upon the (aid Hayes of Btrkland and Bilbagb, and Commonable Lands and Open Unin-cbfed Grounds hereby diredked to be allotted and inclofed, or any Part or Parts thereof refpedkively, and from that time all Right of Common and other Rights whatsoever in or upon the faid Hayes and •

Lands and Grounds (hall ceafe and. be for ever annulled, abolilhed and extinguityed: Provided neverthelefs, that it (hall be lawful for proyifo for Ex-the (aid Commiffioners, at any time before the Execution of the faid tin&kx> or Suf-- Award, by Notice in Writing under their Hands to be affixed upon penflon of cer-the principal outer Doors of the Pariih Church of Edwinjloioc, to “in Rlgh,‘ of order and diredk all or any Part of the. Rights of Common «*or over commiffioners

4f -	the

C. 100.

S* GEO. Ill

A*D. 1818.

nn Notire before Execution of Awird.

No Turf to be taken tway after the pafling of the Aft without Licence of Cox-rnifli oners.

Penalty.

CommiflUoners, with Confent of Lords of Manors and Owners,may fet out Boundaries to be fenced as Com* mi (Boners (hall direft.

Encroachments within io Yean confidered Part of Ground in* clofed.

the faid Hayes, and other Lands and Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be extinguilhed, or the Exercife hereof to be fufpended for and during fuch time or times as (hall be expreffed in fuch Writing ; and all luch Rights of Common as the faid Commiffioners (hall by fuch Writing order and direft to be extinguilhed, or Exercife thereof to be fufpended as aforefaid, (hall, from the time mentioned in fuch Writing, ceafe, determine and be extinguifhed, or the Exercife thereof (hall be fufpended accordingly; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to* the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XLVI. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall after the palling-of this A& dig, cut or take away .any of the Turf, Bullies, Underwood, Soil, Gravel, Sand, Stone or Dung, to, upon or from any of the -Lands or Grounds to be allotted and in-clofed by virtue of this A£fc, for any Ufe or Purpofe whatfoever, or under anj Right, Privilege or Claim whatfoever, without the Licence of the faid CommifDoner firft had and obtained "for that Purpofe, then and in every fuch cafe, on due Proof made before any Juftice of the Peace for the faid County on Oath (which Oath fuch Jiffticc is hereby empowered to adminifter), it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftice, and he is hereby veauired, by Warrant under h» Hand and Seal, dire ft ed to any Perlon or Perfons whomfoever, to caufe any Sum or Sums of Money not exc&ding Five Pounds to be levied by Diftrefs and 'Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons fo offending in the Premifes, rendering the Overplus (if any), on Demand, to the Perfon or Perfons whole Goods and Chat-tels (hall he fo diftrained and fold, after deducing the Cofts and Charges attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale; aad the Money fo to be levied as aforefaid (hall be applied towards the Payment of the Cofts, Charges and Expenoes of executing this Adi.

XLVII. And be it further enaded,‘That,, in order to render ftraight and to (horten the Boundary Fences between the Lands and Grounds by this A& directed to be divided, allotted and indofed in the faid Townlhip of Ed+rinftow, and afty Pari(h, Townlhip, Hamlet or Place adjoining thereto, or to make the fame Boundary Fences regular, it lhall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, with the Confent in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors in which the Landi is lituate, and of the Owner or Owners of the Land upon which any Fence or Fences lhall or may be intended to be made, to fet out the Boundary or Boundaries between the Lands by this A€t direfted to be divided, allotted and indofed, and any adjoining Parifh, Townlhip, Hamlet or Place, in fuch manner as they (hall think proper for the Pur-pofes aforefaid; and after fuch Boundary oY Boundaries (hall be lb let out as aforefaid, the fame (hall be fenced by fuch Perfon or Perfons in fuch manner and at fuch time or times as the faid Commif-fioners in and by their faid Award (hall order and dired ; and the fame (hall for ever thereafter be deemed and taken to be the Boundary or Boundaries between the faid Townlhip .of EdwinfliDc and fuch adjoining Pari(h, Townlhip, Hamlet or Place ; any Law, Cuf-tom. or Ufage to the contrary thereof in anywife uotwithftandhig.

XLVII I. And be it further ena&ed, That all Intakes or Encroachments made on the find Lands and Grounds hereby dire&ed to be divided and indofed, and which have been made within the Space pf Twenty Years laft paft, lhall be deemed and confidered Part

T3	and

58® GEO. III.

C.100.

417

and Parcel of the Lands and Grounds to be allotted or inclofed by virtue of this Ad, as if the fame were adually lying open and uninclofed.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That all fuch Occupation for encroachments as have been made and occupied without Interrup- more thtn *° tion for more than Twenty Years, (hall become the Property of and are hereby veiled in the Perfons who ffaall be the Owners or Ownerwiherein Proprietors thereof at the time of patting this Ad ; but fuch Per- mentioned, fons (hall not, for or on account of any luch Encroachment, be entitled to any Allotment for any Right of Common or other Right in or over the faid Lands and Grounds hereby direded to be allotted and inclofed.

L. Provided always, and be it enaded, That nothing herein Provifo for contained (hall extend or be conftrued, adjudged, deemed or taken Wills, Settle-to revoke, annul or make void any Settlement, Deed, Will or Leafe mcnu» whatsoever, or to prejudice any Perfon or Perfons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Debt, Change or Incumbrance in, out of, upon or over, or affeding the faid Lands and Grounds fo to be divided, allotted and inclofed, or exchanged by virtue of the faid recited Ad of the Forty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Ma-jefty or of this Ad, or of any Part or Pared thereof; but that'the feveral Allotments to be allotted or given in exchange upon fuch Divifion or Inclofure thereof to the feveral Proprietors refpedively,

(hall, immediately after fuch Allotments or Exchange (hall be made and fet out, be, remain and enure, and be held and enjoyed, and the feveral Perfons to whom the fame (hall be fo allotted or exchanged as aforefaid (hall from the figning the faid Award (land, be feiled, and be poffeffed thereof refpedivdy, to fuch and the fame Eftates, and with fuch and the fame Powers and Authorities for making Leafes thereof or othenvife, and fubjed to fuch and the fame Wills,

Limitations and Conditions, Settlements, Trufts, PrOvifions, Remainders, Reverfions, Debts, Charges and Incumbrances (Right of Common and Common of Pafture, or other Rights as aforefaid, and fuch other Exceptions and Provifions as are herein made, only excepted), as the faid feveral Lands and Hereditaments in refped or in lieu whereof, or in Right whereof, fuch Allotments were and are to be made to them refpedively, Rood feverally limited or fubjed and liable unto at the time of making fuch Allotments refpedively, or figning the (aid Award.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing Provifofor in this Ad contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to Right to Tithes, prejudice, leflen or defeat the Right, Title or Intereft of the feveral Redors, Vicars and Lay Impropriators for the time being of any Parifhes, or any other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, in or to any Tithes, Great or Small, or any Competitions, Modufes or other Payments arifing or renewing out of or payable for or in refped of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments within the faid Town-(hip of Edwtnftowe; but that fuch Great and Small Tithes, Com-petitions, Modufes or other Payments (hall be paid and payable at all times hereafter in fuch and the fame manner as they woula have been in cafe this Ad had not been made.

LII. And be it further enaded. That His Majefty’s Rights of, His Majefty’a in and over the faid Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be di- Rights in regard mdtd, allotted and incldfed, (hall remain and condone vetted in His t0 ?*** »G«o. HI.	Ee	Majefty,

58° GEO. III.

A.D.181

CommiffiqMls Aall appoint.

Provifo for Lands aflually

inclofed.

The Hayes of Bilba&h and Birkland, &c. to be difkfforefled.

Expence* of the Afcl, &c. to be paid by His Majefty.

Other Expences how to be paid.

Provifo for the King.

Majefty, Hit Heirs and SuccefTora; and that all the Laws and Statutes of this Realm now in force for the Protection of Deer, and for punifhing Perfons guilty of any Offences in breach of fuch Laws, (hall remain and continue in Force and Effed for the Protection of His Majefty’s Deer within the Regard of the (aid Fore ft, and for the Punimment of Offences therein, until the Execution of the final .Award of the faid Commiffioners, or fuch time before the Execution thereof as the faid Commiffionen (hall appoint; any thing in this A d contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-ftan ding: Provided always, that in cafe any Allotment or Allotments of the faid Lands and Grounds fo to be allotted, divided and inclofed as aforefaid, (hall be adually inclofed, and the Fences thereof completed, before the Day which (hall be named by tbe Commiffioners for difafforefling the faid Hayes and other Lands, then and in every fuch cafe >t (hall be lawful for the Owner of any Allotment to hunt and hill any Deer within fuch Allotment, without being fubjed to any Pfin. Penalty or Punilhment for fo doing.

LIII. And be it further enaded, That after tbe Execution of the faid final Award, or the faid Day to be named by the faid Coannif-fioners as aforefaid, all Right of Game of Deer, and all other Foreftai Rights and Privileges whatfoever of The Kang's Majefty, His Hein and Succeflbrs, and His or their Lefiee or Lefiees, or of all other Perfons whomsoever, within, upon and over the faid Hayes of JBiri-lamd and Bilbagb, and the laid Commonable and Open and Unin-clofed Lands, (hall ceafe, determine and be for ever extinguiffied, and the fame (hall be difafforefted, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

LIV. And be it further enaded, That the Cofts, Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and paffing of this Ad, and of fetting out tbe Allotments by this Ad direded to be made and fet out to and for His Majefty, His Heirs and Snc-ceflors, and of making and enrolling the faid Firft Award, (hall be paid and borne by His faid Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflbrs, out of any Money which is or (hall be in the Hands of the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues.

LV. And be it further enaded, That all other the Cofts, Charges and Expences of carrying this Ad into Execution, and of furveymg, dividing, fubdividing and allotting the Lands and Grounds by this Ad direded to be divided, allotted and inclofed, unto and amongft the fcveral other Owners and Proprietors of Lands having Rights of Common and other Rights, (hall be borne and defrayed by fuch Lords of Manors, Owners or Proprietors refpedively, in fuch Shares and Proportions, at fuch time or times, manner and Places, as the faid Commiffioners, either before or after the Execution of their faid final Award, (hall order, dired or appoint, by any Rate or Rates to be made by the faid Commiffioners for that Purpofe (fave and except The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, in refped of the Allotments to be made to Him, His Heirs and Succeffors, by virtue of this Ad), and the Determination of the faid Commiffioners in.the Premifes (hall be final and condufive ; and in die any Perfon or Perfons (hall negled to pay his, her or their Share or Proportion of fuch Cofts, Charges and Expences as aforefaid, . within the tune and in manner appointed by the.faid Commiffioners, then and in fuch cafe the faid Commiffiopers (hall caufe the fame to be railed, levied and

recovered

58° GEO. Ill*

419

A.D.1818.

C. 100.

recovered in the manner prefcribed and direfted by the faid firft re* cited Aft.

LVI- And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfoos whomsoever (hall advance and pay any Money towards the Expences hereinbefore direfted to be borne and defrayed by the Lords of Manors, Owners and Proprietors of Lands having Rights of carrying this Aft into Execution, the Money fo advanced and paid (hail be repaid.and Satisfied to him, her or them, by the Direftion of the faid CommffinpcrK together with lawful Intereft for the fame from the time of the Advancement thereof.

LVII. And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, on Application being made to them in Writing by any of the Hulbands, Guardians, Truftees, Committees or At-tonnes of or for any of the faid Proprietors or Perfons intended in the Premifie^ being under Coverture, Minors, Idiots, Lunatics, or beyond the Seas, or under any other Difability or Incapacity, or by the Perfons afting as fuch Guardians, Truftees, Committees or Attornies refpeftively, or by any of the Proprietors of the Lands hereby divided and allotted, or my Part thereof, who are or (hall be Tenant or Tenants in Tail, or fox any Life or Lives, or any other Contingency, to mortgage or fell, either before or after the making of the faid Award, Part of the Allotment or Allotments to be made by virtue of this Aft, to fuch incapacitated Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Perfon or Perfons by whom or on whofe behalf any fuch Application (hall be made as aforefaid, for the Purpofe of railing a Sum of Money fufficieat to defray the refpeftive Shares and Proportions of the Colts, Charges and Expences of executing the faid firft recited Aft and this Aft, which (hall be charged upon and payable by fuch incapacitated Proprietors, or other Perfon or Perfons refpeftively, and of fencing and indofing and fubdividing his, her or their Allotment or Allotments, and of making and completing fuch Mortgage or Sale ; and fuch Mortgage or Sale (hall be made by the faid Commifiioners in fuch and the like manner, and fubjeft to fuch and the like Rules and Regulations, as are mentioned and prefcribed in and by the faid firft recited Aft in refpeft to the Sale of any Lands authorized to be fold for paying the Expences of obtaining and carrying into Execution any Aft for dividing, allotting and inclofing any Lands and Grounds; and each and every Allotment for which the full Purchafe Money (hall be paid (hall be conveyed by the faid Commiffioners, at the Expence of fuch Pur-chafer or Purchafers, unto fuch Purchafer or Purchafers, and bis, her or their Heirs refpeftively, or as be, (he or they (hall appoint, and (hall be inclofed and held by fuch Purchafer or Purchasers respectively in Severalty ; and the Receipt of the laid Commiffioners (hall be a good and Sufficient Difcharge to fuch Purchafer or Purchafers for the laid Purchafe Money, which lhall be applied by the faid Commiffioners in or towards the defraying fuch laft mentioned Cofts, Charges and Expences; and if atiy Surplus lhall remain in the Hands of the laid Commiffioners, the lame lhall be applied and difpofed of by them in the manner direfted by the faid firft recited A& with refpeft to Money which is thereby direfted to be raid into the Bank of England for the Purchafe or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the lame Ufes, or of any Timber

E e 2	or

Mtaty advanced io t* repaid with Intereft.

Power for certain Perlbni to mortgage or fell their Allotment*.

Receipt of Com. mifSoners a DU. charge to Purchafer.

420

C. 100.

A.D.1818.

Commiffionert*

Allowance.

Accounts of Commiffionersto he examined and balanced by Two Juftices annually, and no Items in the Account binding, unlejk allowed by them.

Final Award to be made within Three Years.

Attefted Copy of final Award and Plan df Ah* lot menu to be left with the Commiffioners of Woods, and Duplicate with the Auditor of Land Revenue.

58®,GEO. III.

or Wood growing thereon, and which ought to he laid out in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as therda mentioned.: Provided always, that it (hall not be lawful to raife by fuch Mortgage or Sale any greater or further Sum of Money thin the Perfon or Perfont, Part of whofe Allotment or Allotments flull be mortgaged or fold as aforefaid, would have been empowered or authorized to borrow or charge upon his, her or their Allotment or Allotments, reckoning Five Pounds for each and every Acre thereof, under or by virtue of the faid firft recited A & : Provided alfo, that in all cafes where any Lands (hall be fold for Payment of Ex* peaces as aforefaid, it (hall not be lawful for the Proprietor or Perfon whofe Lands (hall be fo fold to charge the Refidut of his or her Allotment, by virtue of the faid firft recited Ad or this Ad, with any Money towards Payment of fuch Expences.

LVIII. And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiffioners hereby appointed, and every Commiflioner to be hereafter appointed by virtue of this Ad, (hall be allowed the Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings, and no more, for his Trouble and Expences for each Day he (hall neceffarily travel or attend in the Execution of the Powers of this Ad.

LIX. And be it further enaded, That once at leaft in each and every Year during the Execution of this Ad, fuch Year to be computed from the Day of the paffing thereof, the faid Commiffioners (hall and they are hereby required to make a true and juft Statement or Account of any Sums of Money by them or any of them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences, in the Execution of this Ad ; and fuch Statement or Account, when fo made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, (hall be by them, if required, laid before Two or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Nottingham (not interefted in the faid intended Divifion and Inclofure), to be by them examined tnd balanced (fuch Juftices being hereby authorized to take or call is fuch Aid and Afiiftance in fuch Examination as they Jhall think fit, and to charge the incidental Expences), and the Balance (hall be by fuch Juftices dated in the Books of Account to be kept in the Office of the Clerk of the faid Commiifioners; and no Charge or Item in fuch Accounts (hall' be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in the Law, unlefs allowed by Two Juftices of the Peace as aforefaid.

LX. And be it further enaded, That the final Award of the (aid Commiffioners (hall be made and executed within Three Yean next after the paffing of this Ad; and when the fame (hall be enrolled in manner direded by the faid recited Ad, it (hall be dc. pofited and left in the Parifh Church of Edwnjbmc aforefaid.

LXI. And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiffioners (hall, if required by the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being, make a Copy attefted under their Hands of their Award, and 3fo a Map or Plan of all the Allotments, and transmit the fame to the faid Commiffioners of His Majefty's Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues for the time being, within Two Calendar Months next after the making ltd executing the faid Award, to be by them filed and kept amongft the Muniments of their Office, and alfo an authenticated Duplicate thereof to'the Auditor of the Land Revenue, fuch refpedtive Map

and

12

58« GEa III.

C.100.

421

and Duplicate to be produced, read and received in Evidence on all Occafiona where any Queftion, Doubt or Controverfy may arife relating to or affe&ing the Rights or Interefts of His Majefty, Hit Heirs or Succeffors, in relped of fuch Allotment or Allotments, Rights or Interefts; fuch attefted Copy, Duplicate and Plan to be made at the Ex pence of the Commifiionera of His Majefty *s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues.

LXII. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfona fhall think himfelfr herfelf or themfelves aggrieved by any thing done in purfuance of this or the faid recited Ad (other than and except fuch Orders and Determinations as are by the faid recited Adt made in the Forty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, or by this A& directed to be made final and conclufive, and fave and except in fuch cafes wherein an Iffue at Law (hall be tried as hereinbefore dire&ed), then and in every fuch cafe he, (he or they mav^appeal to the General Quarter Seffions of the Peace which (hall be held in and for the County of Nottingham, within Three Calendar Months after fuch Caufe of Complaint (hall have arifen, on giving to the faid Commiffioners Twenty one Days* previous Notice of lucb Appeal and of the matter thereof; and the Juftices of the faid Quarter Sefiions are hereby required to hear and determine the matters of every fuch Complaint, and make fuch Order therein, and to-award fuch Cofts as to them (hall appear reafonable, and by their Warrant to levy the Cofts which (hall be fo awarded by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners after deducting the reafonable Charges ; which Determination of the faid Juftices (hall be final and conclufive to all Parties concerned, and (hail not be removed by Certiorari, or any Writ or Writs whatfoever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejhmnfler or elfewhere.

LXIII. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Commiffioners for carrying this A& into Execution, and their Agents, Servants and Workmen, at any time within Eighteen Calendar Months after the Allotments of the Commonable Lands and Unincloied Grounds hereby intended to ht divided and in-clofed (hall be fet out, to enter into and upon all or any of fuch Allotments, except the Allotments of the laid Hayes of Biriland and Biibagbt and to cut down, take and carry away, fell and dif-pofe of all the Timber Trees, Wood and Underwood (landing, growing and being thereon, and which were (landing, growing and being thereon at the time of fetting out fuch Allotments; and the faid Commiffioners are hereby authorized and empowered to receive all fuch Sums of Money as (hall arife by the Sale of any fuch Timber Trees, Wood and Underwood, or as (hall be paid for the Value thereof, and to apportion the fame between the refpe&ive Lords of the Said Manors according to their Several Rights and Interefts therein, and to apply their refpe&ive Proportions thereof in or towards defraying their refpe&ive Parts or Shares of the Cofts and Expences of palling this Ad, and of carrying the fame into Execution ; and to pay the Surplus thereof, if any, to fuch Lords of the (aid Manors, according to fuch their Rights and Intereft therein, if they (hall be refpe&ively feifed in Fee Simple of the Manors in refped whereof they (hall be entitled to the fame; but the Part or

EeS	Share,

In whit cafe Appeal to Quarter Seflions for County of Nottingham.

Coda.

Commiffioners empowered to enter, cut and fell the Timber on any of the Allotments, except of the Hayes of Birk-laod and Bil< high.

Product how applied.

422

C. 100, 101.

58° GEO. III.

AJ0.18I8.

Share, Farts or Sham of fuch Surplus Monies to which any Lord or Lords of fuch Manors, who (hall not be Tenant or Tenant* in Fee Simple of or in fuch Manors, may be entitled, (hall be applied and difpofed of in the fame manner as any Money to be paid for the Purchafe or Exchange of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which ought to be laid out in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame Ufes, is by the faid recited A d of the Forty c'loo3	fhrft	Year	of	the	Reign	of	His prefent Majefty direded to be applied

a*nT i c •	difpofed	of.

#T,n®* LXIV. Saring always to The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflors, and to all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and their Succeffors, and to all and every Perfon and Perfons whomsoever, his and their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns, all fuch Eft ate, Right, Title, Intereft, Claim and Demand whatsoever (other than fuch as is and are hereby exprefled, meant and intended to be barred, deftroyed or extingui(hed) as they, every or any of them, had or enjoyed in, to or out of the find Lands and Grounds hereby direded to be divided and allotted, as they or any of them now have or hath, or could have had and enjoyed therein, in cafe this Ad had not been made.

CAP. CL

An A£t for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of tne Year One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen.

[loth June 18x8.]

# I* sfi- 3,500,000	o	o

II.	250,000	o	o

III.	21,448	12	6

IV.	250,000	o	o

V.

VI.

VII.

VIII.

IX. 2,000,000 o o

Out of Duties of Excife of 56 G.a.r. 17.

Out of Arrears of Property Tax under 46 G.3. c, 65.

Paid into the Exchequer pur-fuant to 51 G. *. c. 15. -

Arifen or to ante from the Sale of old Navy and Victualling Stores -	-

Treafury to dired any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out as direded by 48 G. 3. c» I. on Fourteen D»y«' Notice being given in the London Gazette, and in three or more of the London Newfpapers of the Day of Payment.

Powers of 48 G. 3. c. 1. extended to Exchequer Bills.

Such Exchequer Bills to bear Intereft not exceeding 3!per Cent. per Diem.

And may be taken in Payment of the Revenue, Four Months after their Date.

Bank may advance on Credit" of Aids, notwithftanding S&61T.&M. e. 20.or any fubfequent Ad

Granted to make good the Snp-* ply for Great Britain and/rr-land for 1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. J01.

428

X.^. 30,000,000. o.

11,600,000 o

800.000	o

250.000	o 21,448 12

3,500,000 O

250.000	O XI. 6,547,809 17

611.000	o

520.000	o

559.000	o

91,000 o 2,480,680 17 1,787,182 o

320,000 o

178,948 o XII. 9,765,028 3

2,470,142 17

807,231 13 116,707 14

o:

o

o

Money railed by Exche-' quer Bills under c, 3. ‘

------------------c. 4.

Money railed by Transfer of $fer Cents into per Cents, -	r.23.

Monies arifing

from Lotteriea c, 71.

Raifed by Exchequer Bills - e, 86.

Ratfed by Irifb Treafory Bills r.87^

(granted above, $ IV.)

---------------;§ hi.)

{.--------------, $ 1.)

(-_■	n.)

1

Granted as above, and appropriated to Ufes hereinafter expreffed. Seif XI.

XII.

it- fOr.

rf. /. d:

	I
At	170
Man	2 0 0 I
(Per A Month	r  * 3 0 1
j	.0 7 oj

For the Year >~ 1818.

For Naval Services; that

fry*

For Wages for 20,000'

Men, including 6,000 Royal Marines For Vi&uals,

For Wear and Tear of Ships,

For Ordnance for Sea Service*

For Ordinary Eftabliflunent of

the Navy -	-	For 13	Months.

For re-building and Repairs of Ships and’other extra Works

For Ptovifions for Troops and Garrifons on Foreign Stations, and Rations for Troops to be embarked on board of Ships and Transports -For Tranfport Service For Land Forces; that is to fay,

4 Land Force*'in (?• JR, and") on Stations abroad, (ex-cepting the Corps fta-tioned in France, and the Regiments employed in the Territorial Poffeffions of the E, I, Company)

4 net Land Forces for Ireland 10 For General and Staff Offi- From 25th Dec, cers, and Officers of the ^	1817	to	24th

Hofpitals Serving with the | Dec, 1818, in* Forces in G, B,% and on | clofive.

E e 4

424

C. 101. .

58° GEQ. III.

A.D. 1818.

jfi.33.861 19

*37>346 1

8.877 *3

27,650 o

10,061 10 92,000 o

3^541 9

21,275 11

173.67* 3

1,263 9 26,23913

7>*S9 6

129,112 9

3.697 o

601,730 o

50,173 1 28,500 17

*.333 *6

136.385 o

Foreign Stations, excepting France and India

7	net Ditto in Ireland

3	Allowances to the principal

Officers of certain public Departments in	G.	2?.,

their Deputies, Clerks and Contingencies * -

8	net Ditto in Ireland

o	Medicines and Surgical Ma-

terials for Land Forces on the Eftablifhment of G. B. and of certain Hofpital 1 Contingencies	-	- I

10 net Ditto in Ireland	-	- J

0	For defraying the	Charge	of'

Volunteer Corps in G. B.

9	net Ditto in Ireland

4	For Four Troops of Dra-

goons, and Fourteen Companies of Foot, ftationed in G. B. for recruiting the Corps employed in the Territorial PofTeffions of the E. /. Company 6	For Pay of General Officers

in Land Forces, not being Colonels of Regiments upon the Eftablifhment of G.B.

3	net Ditto in Ireland

4	For Gartifons at Home and'

Abroad, on theEftablifh-ment of G. B.

1	net Ditto in Ireland

9 For Full Pay for retired and*) unattached Officers of Forces upon the Eftablifh-ment of G.B. o net For Ditto for retired Officers in Ireland o For Half Pay to reduced Officers of Land Forces on the Eftablifhment of G.B.

6 net Ditto in Ireland 6	Military Allowances to re-

duced Officers of Land Forces upon the Eftablifhment of G.B. -	-

10	net —■ ■	—	Ireland

o	Half Pay and reduced Al-

lowances to Officers of difbanded Foreign Corps,

For the Year 1818.

From 25th Bee.. 1817 to 24th Dec. 1818.

For the Year 1818.

A. D. 1818.

58° GEO. Ill

C. 101.

425

je. 42,04a	8	9
16,789	7	9 net
872,189	IO	2
180,133	2	ii net
80^.56	O	0
18,418	II	2 net
16 f,806	3	7
20,803	O	0
27,260	4	2

Penfions to wounded Officers, and Allowances to the Widows and Children of vdeceafed foreign Officers, For In Penfioners of Cheljea Hofpital

— ■ ■■■■ ■	■ * ■	Kilmain -

ham Hofpital

For Out Penfioners of CheU Jea Hofpital

-	— ------Kilmain•

ham Hofpital

For Penfions to Widows of Officers of Land Forces and Marines upon the Eftablifiunent of G. B. -

■	 Ireland

Allowances to ou Compaffion-ate Lift, and of Penfions to Officers for Wounds Allowances to reduced Adjutants of Local Militia in G.B. -	-	-

Allowances, Compenfations and Emoluments in the Nature of Superannuation, or retired Allowances to Perfons belonging to feve-ral Public Departments in G. 2?., in refpe& of their having held Public Offices, or Employments of a civil Nature

From 25th Dec. 1817 to 24th Dec. 1818, inclufive.

7,111 18 35,000 o

52,216 o

2,384 o 394»7°° 0

8 net----— --------------  Ireland

o For Fees expe&ed to be paid at the Exchequer on Iflues for Army Services for the Britijb Eftablifhr ment

O For Corps exifting on the Britijb Eftablifiunent on actn Dec. 1817, but oropofed to be dif-banded in the Courfe of the Year 1818. o net —— ■	■	Ireland.

o For Supply of Bread, Meat'

Forage, Coals,

2nd

Candles, Straw and Fur* niture for the Troops in G. 2?., and for cafual Supplies for the Troops on Foreign | > Stations, and alfo for the Pay of the Commifiariat Department For the Service of the Barrack Department in G.B.,

For the Year 1818.

99tioo o

o

c. 101

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

XIII.

XIV.

*e-*34»249	O	0 net
*23*74	O	0 net
207,832	7	0
114,651	O	0
1,350,000	0	0
50/500	0	O
855*4*9	*9	2
120/500	O	O
59^*469	I	8
28*19 17		2
115,609 19		11
233*408	2	0

Department

in

11*06 14 3

10,394 7 10

ofl

From 2Jth Dec. 1817 to 24th Dec. 1818, in-cldm.

For the Year 1818.

mifiariat Ireland (Britifb Currency) The Barrack Department in Ireland

The dHembodied Militia G.B.

(Briiijl Currency) -----of

Ireland*

Extraordinary Expencee of the Army for G. B

----——■—— for Ireland )'

From the 25th

For the Land Forces for Ser- Dec. 1817 to vice in France	the	24th	Dec*

l8i8, ioclnfive. For the Ordnance Service -*) « _

For the Office of Ordnance For}™ Yttr for Land Service in G. B.

For Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service for G. B,f and not provided for-by Parliament in the Year 1817* For the Office of Ordnance for Ireland For the Office of Ordnance for G. B. on account of ]

Allowances to fuperannu- , a ted, retired and Half Pay Officers, to Officers for | good Services, and to wounded Officers, to fu-perannuated and difabled Men, alfo for Penfions to Widows and Children pf I For the Year deceafed Officers, late be- ^	1818.

longing to the feveral Ord- j nance Military Corps For the Office of Ordnance I for Ireland, on account of | the Pay of retired Officers of the late Irtfh Artillery and Engineers, and of Pen- I fions to Widows of deceafed Officers of the | fame

For Allowances to fuper-") annuated and Half Pay Officers, to fuperannuated | and difabled Men, and alfo for Penfions to Widows of | deceafed Officers late be- | longing to the feveral Ord- | nance Military Corps in |

A.D.1818.

58° GEO. Ill

C. 101.

427

*£.39,727 13 8

*164 St000

XV. 725,681 12 3

XVI. 400,000 o o

XVII. 24,000,000 o o

XVIII.

XIX.

XX.

XXI.

XXII.

9.000.	000

6.000.	000 i8,ooo/)oo

1,084,615 7 8} Civil Eftablifhm<

G. B. and not provided for by Parliament in the

Allowances, Compenfations {■	^ear

and Emoluments, in the Nature of fuperannuated or retired Allowances to Perfons late belonging to the Office of Ordnance in G. B. in refpe& of their having held any public Offices or Employments of a civil Nature, and alfo for Widows9 Penfions —■	 Ireland

Repairing Damages done to the Sea Walls at Portfmouth and Haflar.

On Account of the Sum of Two Millions to be applied by His Majefty in concert with the King of the Netherlands towards improving the Defences of the Low Countries by virtue of the Convention concluded 13th Auguft 1814.

For carrying on the Treaty between His Britannic Majefty and the King of Spainf figned at Madrid 23d Sept. 1817.

For difcharging outftanding Exchequer Bilk under 57 G. 3. c. 2.

Ditto --------- c.	80.

Ditto 56 G. 3. c.14.

Ditto 57 G. 3. e. 16.

Ditto Treafury Bilk under 56 G. 3. cc. 41.47.

From ift Jam. to 31ft Dec. 1818.

XXIII.

ablifhments, vim.

15»45°	o	o	Sierra Leone

13,440	o	o	Nova Scotia

12,605	0	0	New South Wales

10,800	o	o	Upper Canada

6,757	10	0	New Brvnfwick

5*485	o	o	Newfoundland

3*760	o	o	St. John (Prince Edwards

IJland)

3,301	10	o	Bahama IJlands9 in addition

to the Salaries now paid to the public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and the incidental Charges attending the fame 3,190	o	o	Cape Breton

600	o	o	Ifland of Dominica

25,514	16	9	For the Royal Military College -	-	-

32>85i	o	3	For the Royal Military I 24th Dec. 1818,

Afylum, Chelfea - -J indufive.

I From the 25th Dec. 1817 to the

428

C, 101.

£* 2,000,000 O

o

58° GEO. III.

A.D.181S.

560,000 o

o

250,000 o o

20.000	O o

60.000	o o 11,048 n 2

25.000	O O 89,368 14 JO

6.000	0 o

3.000	o o i7>ooo o o

For the Year ending ifkFci. 1819.

For difcharging Intereft on Exchequer BQk, Irifli Treafury Bills and Mint Notes.

Being the Hundredth Part of'

Fifty fix Millions of Exchequer Bills authorized in the laft Seffion of Parliament to be ifTued and charged upon the Aids granted in the prefent Seffion, to be paid by *

Quarterly Payments to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be placed to the Account of the Commiffioners of the National Debt For fuch Expences of a civil Nature in G. B. is do not form Part of the ordinary Charges of the Civil Lift.

For further Execution of an")

building BrSgu* i« >>>4	,obtB“1"4-

Highlands of Scotland -For the building of a Penitentiary Houfe at Milbani,

For the Ditto

Eftablifhment of

out Fee orotber Dedu&ion.

For Law Charges -	-*)

For the confining, maintaining and employing Convi&s at Home -For Profecutions,£cc* relating to the Coin of this Kingdom

For the Vaccine Eftabli/h-ment -	-

For printing Ads of Parliament for the two Houfes of Parliament, for the Sheriffs, Clerks of the Peace and Chief Magiftrates throughout the United Kingdom, and for the A ding Juftices throughout Great Britain; alfo tor printing Bills, Reports, Evidence and other Papers and Accountsfor theHoufe of Lords

from the 24th «/imei8i8t024tii June 1819, to k paid without Fee or other. Deduction.

For the Year 1818.

FortheYeari8i8, to be paid without Fee or other Dcdudion.

For the Year 1818.

C. 101.

429

•it • <

Iil5



& 4*7 3 3 1^46 15 7..

2,100 O O

6,8*4 7	1 $

i>9<59 6 3

*>777 o o

12,500 o o 1*750 o o

336 10 o

6*0 o o

*66 13 4

80,000 o o 1,091 14 2$

4*655 3 S

To 'make good the Deficiency of the Grant of 1817, for printing 1750 Copies of the 71st Vol. of Journals of the Houle of Commons.

31

il

J8

To be paid without any Feeor other Dedu£tion.

To make good the Deficiency of the Grant of 1817, for printing Bills* Reports and other Papers by Order of the Houfe of Commons during the lad Sefiion.

For printing the Votes of the Houfe of Commons during the prefent Seflion of Parliament.

To make good the Deficiency of the Grant for the Year 1817, for reprinting Journals and Reports of the Houfe ot Commons.

For printing 1150 Copies of the General Index to 16 Volumes of Journals of the Houfe of Lords, from the 20th to the 35th Vol. both inclufive.

For maintaining Criminal Lunatics For American Loyalifts For Superannuation Allow* ances or Compenfations to retired Clerks and other Officers formerly employed in the Office of the Com-miffioners for auditing the Public Accounts For Superannuation Allowances or Compenfations to retired Clerks and other Officers formerly employed in the Lottery Office For Superannuation Allowances or Compenfations to retired Officers formerly employed in His Majefty’s Mint

For Superannuation Allowances or Compenfations to One of the late Pav-mafters of Exchequer Bills For Bills drawn or drawn from New Wales

For paying off and difcharging Exchequer Bills iflued purfuant to 7 and 11th Anne remaining in Chefts of Tellers of Exchequer with In-tereft thereon outftanding and unprovided for. For Amount of Annuity") granted to Truftees of the * late Princef8 Charlotte An* gufta and the Prince Co-hourg, which would have accrued from the ioth Or-tober 1817 to the 6th No- \ vernier following

er ums to bel South >

I

For the Year

1818.

•1

To be paid with* out Feeor other Dedu&on.

430

C. 101.

58* GEO. III.

A.D.\3lj.

d&t$500 a a

28,000	O	O
3,000	O	O
10,000	O	O
3>494	14	6*
75,000	O	0
54*337	1	11

21.000	O O

3,500 O O

4*000 o 0 14,246 12 O

15.000	O O

50.000	o o 2,397 o o

120.000	o o

43,500 o o

26.000	o o

To the Truftces of the 2?ri-for the Pur-chafe of the hlfcQsfipr

Charles Burney9 \1 Library* and Colle&ion For maintaining and repairing the Brfcfh Fati on the Coaft of Jfrua,

Ms

r

1*4

FordeTcinJrf'

Tobepaid without Fee or other De-

For the Board of Agriculture*

For Works carrying on at the College of Edinburgh Towards the Repairs of Henry 7th’s Chapel -For defraying the Eipcac—~ of the Gold Coinage To make good the Deficiency of the Vote is the Year 1816 for making good any Deficiency or Lofs to arife from the Re-coinage of the Silver Coin, and Charges sod Ex-pences of melting down, cafting, afiaring td recoining the fame and all outer Expaces incident thereto.

For printing Bills, Reports and other Papes during the prefent Seffion of Parliament For Expence that may be incurred in 1818 for printing 1750 Copies of the 73d VoL of Journals of the Houfe of Commons for the prefent Sefiion.

For reprinting Journals and Reports of the Houfe of Commons in 1818.

For purchafe of Land on" To be paid wilt-Hounjlow Heath for the * out Feeorodff Exercife of Cavalry - Deduction. Towards Expence or Inland FortheYesri8i8-Navigation from the Eaft- To bepaid with-ern to the Weftern Sea by ' out Feeor other Invemefs and Fort IVURam . Dedo&oc. For retired Allowances and*

Gratuities to Officers formerly employed upon the Military Roads in Scotland, To be paid with* the Management of which ► out Fee or other Roads has been transferred Dedo&kn. to the Commiffioners for Highland Roads and Bridges	-J	.

For Expences of a Civil Nature in G* B*	£

not form Part of the ordinary Charges of the Civil Lift.

For making good the Deficiencies of the Fee Funds For further defraying Expences and Meflengers*

Bills in the Departments

58° GEO. III.

C. 101.

431

F*

T - *

tit

kl

i ?

02"

I*

aif:

jjj?

&

'v>

Sr

5*Soo o o

11,500 o o

*3>5°° 0 0

37.000	o o

10.000	o o

8,663 16 8

3,626 8 o

20.000	o o

1,000 o o

78,058 11	3

100,000 6 o

10.000	o o

13»^5 15 4

259,686 19 10$ 850 o o

XXIV.	Britijh Currency net.

1,153 16 1*

XXV.	18,901	o	o

of the Treafury,Three Secretaries of State and Lord * Chamberlain For Salaries to the Officers, and Expences of the Court and Receipt of Exchequer For further defraying the Ex pences of the Houfes of Lords and Commons -For the Salaries and Allow-' ances to the Officers of Ditto -For further defraying the Expences of Works and

For making Variations in tL_ Road between Bangor and Chirk -

Towards Expences incurred in the Management of the Britijb Mufcum

Towards completing the Improvements in IVeJlminfler

For Building a Bridge over the Menai Strait near Ban*

For the Veterinary College «<

For the Year 1818.

FortheYeari8i8 To be paid without Fee or other DedH&ion.

’To be paid without Fee or other Deduftion.

FortheYeari8i8. gor Ferry -	-	-	j

f FortheYeari8i8. To be paid without Fee or other Dedu&ion.

To complete the Building of the Royal Military College at SandhurR.

For the Governors of Queen Anne?% Bounty For the Poorer Clergy in Scotland, to be iffued and applied purfuant to any A6fc for that Purpofe To make up the Total Sum charged upon the Fees arifing in the Exchequer, in the Year ending 5th Jan. 1818.

To makegood the Deficiencies of the Grants for the Year 1817.

For purchafe of Ground adjoining the Branch of the Royal Military Afylum at Southampton, for the Purpofes of Air and Exercife.

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

For the Remuneration of certain Public Officers in Ireland, for their extraordinary Trouble in the Year 1818.

For the probable Expenditure’) of the Board of Works in > FortheYeari8i8. Ireland	-j

-132

C. 101.

58* GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

Brtttfb Currency net. . s£. 20,809 o o

9,692 o o

3*39 o o

23,076 o o

2,307 o o 8,581 O o

3,868 o o 756 o o 1,764 x8 6 691 o o

5*75 0 0

40,000 o o

For Printing, Stationery and" other Difburfements for the Chief and Under Secretaries’ Offices and Apartments and other Public Offices in Dublin Cafile9 &c., and for Riding Charges and other Ex-pences of the Deputy Pur- For One Year, fuivants and extra Meffen- ending the 5th gera attending the faid Jam. 1819. Offices; alfofuperannuated Allowances in the faid Chief Secretary’s Office Publi filing Proclamations and other Matters of a Public Nature in the Dublin Gazette and other Newfpapers in Ireland Printing 1,500 Copies of a comprefled Quarto Edition of the Statutes of the United Kingdom for the Magi (Irates of Ireland, and 250 Copies of a Folio Edition of the fame, bound for the Ufe of the Lords, Biftiops and Public Officers in Ireland.

Criminal Profecutions and ^ other Law Expences in Ireland -

Apprehending Public Offenders in Ireland

f

For One Year, ending 5th/as. 1819.

For completing the Sum for the Support of Non Conforming Minifters in Ireland -	-

For the Support of feceding Minifters from tbe Synod of Uffier -Proteftant Diffenting Minifters -	-	-	J

For One Year, ending 24th June 1818. For One Year, ending 5th Jan. 1819.

For the Board of Inland Na- f For the Year vigatkm

Tor Civil Contingencies in Ireland -

Salaries of Lottery Officers

Pratiqueof the Port of Dublin

1818.

For One Year, ending 5th Jam.

1819.

For making a Line of Canal from Lough Allan to the River Shannons below Battle Bridge, m the current Year.

15,000 o o

C. 101,

483

Britijb Currency net.

	£■ 15,000	O	•
	8,000	O	0
	J.ooo	O	0
r-	XXVI. 9,130	O	0
>	19.938	9	

	11,076	O	0
	276	18	Si
a r r ^			
£	3*3	O	O
9'	18,461	O	O
	XXVII. 38,331	O	O
	3*>5I5	O	O
Y-			
•>	• 56,646	0	O
	7,085	0	O
	3.530	0	O
			
	*.755	0	O
T •	2,307	0	O
	8,307	0	O
	3,>4*	0	O
	M67	0	O
>	4.615	0	0

For further Civil Contingencies in Inland

‘For the Year ending 5th Jan. 1	1819.

To carry on the Works at Dunmore Harbour To carry on the Works at the Harbour of Howtb For building Churches and*

Glebe Houfes, and pur-| chafing Glebes in Ireland .

ForTrufiees of the Linenand Hempen Manufactures, to be by them applied in fitch manner as they (hall think fit to promote the faid Manufactures -	-

For making wide and conve-* nient Streets in the City of ■

Dublin -Allowance to the Chairman" of the Board of Inland Navigation in Ireland -Repairing the Houfe of the Royal Iri/b Academy in Grafton Street.

In the Year 1818.

For One Year, ending 5th Jan. 1819.

For the Year end-, ing 5th Jan. 1819.

For One Year, ending 5th Jan. 1819.

FortheYeari8i8.

Building Churcnes and Glebe'

Houles, and purchafing • ending 5th Jan

Glebes in Ireland For the Proteftant Charter' Schools of Ireland For the Foundling Hofpital at Dublin -For the Houfe of Induftry, Hofpitals and Afylums for indumious Children in

For One Year,

1819.

Dublin -For the Richmond Lunatic Afylum at Dublin For the Hibernian Society for Soldiers* Children at Dublin	-

For the Hibernian Marine Society in Dublin For the Female Orphan Houfe in the Circular Road, near Dublin For the Wejtnorland Lock Hofpital in Dublin For the Lying-in Hofpital -For DoCtor Steven*'% Hofpital	-

For the Fever Hofpital and Houfe of Recovery in Cork Street, Dublin F f

For One Year, ► ending 5th Jan. 1819,

58 Gao. Ill

1

434

C.10J.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818-

Briti/b Currency net. & 4 65 o o

8,928

o o

For.the Hofpital for Incura blee, Dublin For the Roman Catholic Se

3,430 O o

104 o o

minary *

For the Aflociation for dif-countenancing Vice and promoting the Knowledge and Pradtice of the Chnf-tian Religion For the Green Coat Hofpital of Cork For the Cork Inflitution For the Society for promoting the Education of the Poor of Ireland For the Dublin Society*

For the Farming Society of Ireland

XXVIII. Supplies to be applied for the Purpofes afore laid. -XXIX. Rules for Application of Half Pay.

XXX. Half Pay to Officers of Manx Fencibles.

XXXI.---------	»■— Chaplains of Regiments, although in Pofleffion of Ec-

clefiaftical Benefices.

XXXII. Application of Overplus of Sum voted for Half Pay by 57 G. J. c. 133*

5*538

0,230

4>PiJ

o

*0

AJMSia

58® GEO. IIL

Gi—iii.

485

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

N. B.—The Continuance offucb of the following A8t at are Temporary will be known (where it it not extrefsly fated) by refer-ring to the following Lift, according to the correfponding • Letter at the End of the Title...

(«) For 21 Tears, l£c. [i.e. to the End of the next Seffton\from a Day named in the A8.

For 21 Tears, &c, from the puffing of the AS*

\c) For 21 Tears, Gfr. after the End of the Term under former

A8s.

The following are all Public Acts ; to each of which is annexed a Claufe in the Form following : w And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall be deemed “ and taken to be a Public Aft, and (hall be judicially taken « Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Ju dices and others, without u being fpecially pleaded.”

Cap* i.

An Aft for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of Stroud, in the County of GlouceJler, through Pitchcomb, into the City of Gloucefer* (a)	[17th March i8i8.J

Cap* ii.

An Aft to continue the Terms, and alter and enlarge the Powers of 23 G. 2. g 38: Three Afts paffed in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His ix G. 3. c. 66. late Majefty King George the Second, and in the Eleventh and 37 G* 3* *14^ Thirty (eventh Years of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for repairing ^*fe<P&Ocon-the Road from the City of Tori to Borougbbridge in the County {jn*Ued during of Tori* (a)	[17th	March 1818.] theRefidueof

£.Additional Truftees* Former Tolls to eeafe* New Tolls granted.] cd^^rondmjed

by 37 G. 3* c. 149., atid thence for ix Years, 8cc*

Cap* iii.

An Aft for extending the Powers of an Aft pafled in the Forty 45 G. 3. c.mm* fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for repairing 490.3. c.xul Roads in the County of Ayr*	[17th March 1818.]

Cap*.

Ff 2

36

C. iv—ix.

58® GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

38 G. 3. c.xL The Terra thereby granted made to ceafe, except at tn the Bury and Rat-cliff© Bridge Diftrid.

18 G. 3. c iOi. 38 G. 3. c. r a. continued from iff May 1818, for ai Year*, fte.

14 G. 3. c. 101. 36 G.3. c.150. continued.

IJG.3. e. 74. 38 G. 3. c.7. continued for at Years, &c.

33 G.3.C.I39. continued from 31ft May i8i8t for 21 Years,

dec.

Cap. it.

An Ad" for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Power* of an Ad ot His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for improving the Road from Manchejler to Rochdale, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Lancafler; fo far as relates to the Bury and Ratcliffe Bridge Diftrid of Road therein mentioned; and for making Two new Branches of Road to communicate with the laid Diftrid of Road, (c)	Qi7th March 1818.3

Cap*

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads leading from the City of Glouccfter towards Cheltenham and Tewkefbury in the County of Gloucefter. (c)	[17th	March	1818.3

{.Additional Truftees.3

Cap• vi.

An Ad for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from near the Town of Manchejler in the County of Lancafter to Hyde Lane Bridge in the County of Chejler. (h)	ri7th	March	1818.3

{One Half additional Toll on Sundays.']

Cap. vii.

An Ad for continuing and amending an Ad of His prefent Majefty for repairing the Roads near the Towns of Hockerton, KirlUmgton, Southwell9 Normanton and Wink bourne, with a Branch from Kirk-lington to the Street Gate Road, and the Newark and Southwell . Turnpike Road at Greet Bridge, in the County of Nottingham. (a)

£i7th March 1818.3

{New Truftees. Former Exemptions from Tolls repealed, and others

granted.J

Cap. riii.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of feveral Ada of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Crouch Hill, m the Parifh of Henfield, to the Turnpike Road leading from Brtghthelm-Jlone to Cue (field, and from tne Eaft Side of the faid Turnpike Road to the Croft Roads in the Town of Ditchling, in the County of Suffex. (c)	£i7tn	March l8t8»]

{Additional Truftees. Former Tolls to ceafe. New Tolls granted.]

Cap. ix.

An Ad for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Ad paffed in the Thirty third Year of HU prefent Majefty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Manchejler, in the County Palatine of Lancafter, to Salter’s Brook, in the County Palatine of defter. (a)	[17th March 1818.}

{Former Tolls to ceafe. New Tolls granted. One Half additional Toll: on Sundays, except for Milk.3

Cap•

58° GEO. III.

C. x—xvi.

437

Cap. x.

An Aft for making more effectual Provifion for Payment of the 490.3.c.mvl Debt due by the Truftees for Turnpike Roads, in tne County of continued. Peebles, and for other Purpofes connefted therewith, (b)

[17th March 1818.]

Cap. xi.

An Aft for continuing and amending an Aft of His prefent Majefty, 37 G. 3. c. 163. for repairing the Road from Weft Cowgate, near Newcqftle upon continued. Tyne, to the Alemoutb Turnpike Road, in the County of Northumberland. (a)	[17th March 1818.3

Cap. xii.

An Aft for more effeftually repairing and improving the Road from 33 G. 3. c. 170, Ardwick Green^ near Manchefter, in the County Palatine of Lan- 39 G- 3- c. Uiv. cafter, to the Bridge at the Corn Mills at Wilmjlow, in the County rcPealed* Palatine of Chefter. (a)	[17th	March	1818.J

[Additional Toll on Sundays.]

Cap. xiii.

An Aft to amend an Aft of the laft Seffion of Parliament, for eu- 5y 0.3. c.xi. larging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road leading from Towcefter to the Turnpike Road in Cotton End, in the Parifti of Hardingfton, in the County of Northampton, (a)	[17th	March	1818.]

[Additional Toll.]

, Cap. xiv.

An Aft for repairing the Road from Blakedown Pool in the Parifh 26 G. 2. c. 47. of Hagley and County of Worcejler, to Birmingham in the County *3 G*3- c.107. of Warwick. («)	[17th	March	1818.]	X4°

[One Half additional Toll on Sundays.]

Cap. xv.

An Aft for amending an Aft pafled in the Fifty fixth Year of the 36 G 3. c.xliv. Reign of His prelent Majefty, intituled An A3 for altering and enlarging the Powers offeveral Ads faffed for improving the Port,

Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and for better fupplytng the faid Town with Water.

[17th March 1818.3

Cap. xvi.

An Aft to enable the Grand JunBion Canal Company to vary the 33 0.3. c. 80. Line of Part of their Canal in the County of Hertford, and for io P,rt repealed, altering and enlarging the Powers of feveral Afts relating to the ^ Cm J4’ faid Canal.	[,7ih	March	1818.]

35 G. 3. c.43. 36 G. 3. c. 25. 38 G. 3. c. xxilu. 41 G.3. (U.K.) c. Uxi. 43 G. 3. c. vili. 45 G.3. c.lxviii. 51 O.3. c.dxix. 52 0.3. e.cxl.

Cap.

Ff 3

438

C. xvii—xx.

58° GEO. IIL

A.D.1818.

Cap. xrii.

330.3.0.97. An AS to enable the Ghm and Berkeley Canal Company to 45 o'. 3.' c cir*	vary and alter the Line of their Canal; and for altering and enkrg-

'	ing the Powers of feveral AS* patted for making and maintainiiig

the laid Canal.	[17th	March 1818.J

39 ft 40 0.3. c. *3. in part repealed.

44G. 3.C. 46. 50 G. 3.C. 76.

Cap. xviii.

An Aft for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Medway Canal to raife a further Sum ot Money for completing the faid Canal, and the Works thereto belonging; and for altering, enlarging and rendering more effeftual the Powers for making the faid Canal and Works.	[17th	March	1818.]

8 G.3. c.38. 9G. 3-C.53-*3 G. 3. c. 9a. in part repealed. *4 G. 3. Seff. a.

Cap. xix.

An Aft for altering, explaining and amending the feveral Ads of Parliament pafled, relating to the Birmingham Canal Navigations; and for improving the faid Canal Navigations.

[17th March 1818.]

c.4. aS G. 3. c. 99. 34 G. 3. c. 87. in part repealed. 46 G. 3. c.xcii. jl 0.3. c.cv. 55 G.3. c.il

Cap. xx.

An Aft for providing a convenient Houfe, with fuitable Accommodations, for His Majefty’s Judges at the Affixes for the County of Letcefter; and for making therein a convenient Place for the Juftices of the Peace to meet and tranfaft any Public Hufioefii of the faid County ; and alfo for the fafe Cuftody of the Public Records of the faid County.	[17th March 1818.]

WHEREAS the Lodgings in the Borough of Leice/lerf in which His Majefty’s Judges have heretofore refided daring 4 their Attendance at the Affixes for the County of LdceJUr, are * very inconvenient, and do not afford proper and fuitable Accom-r modation to them during their Refidence in the faid Borough: And 4 Whereas from the Magnitude and Importance of the public Dutiei * of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid County, owing * to the increafed Population of the County, it is become expedient * and neceffary, and it would be highly conducive to the Conte-* nience of the Magiftrates, and it would tend greatly to the Ac-4 commodation of the Public, if a convenient Place for the tranfading * the public Bufinefs of the County, and to depofit in fafe Cuftody 4 and Prefervation the public Records of the faid County, was efts-4 blifhed at Letcefter: And Whereas the Juftices of the Peace for 4 the faid County, affembled at the General Quarter Seflioni of the 4 Peace holden at the Caftle of Letcefter, in and for the faid County, 4 on the Fifteenth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and 4 feventeen, and alfo the Grand Jury of the faid County, at the 4 Lent Aifizes in the fame Year, having duly considered the Pro-4 priety of procuring a better Accommodation for the Judges, were 4 of Opinion that the fame ought to be procured and made, and that 4 there appears no Mode of procuring permanent fuitable Accom-4 modation for the faid Judges but by purchafing, repairing or budd-4 ing of fome Houfe for that Purpole, and for whicn the Expends 4 ture of a confiderable Sum of Money will be neceflary:’ But at

A.D.1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. xx.

489

the fame cannot be done without the Authority of Parliament, may it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be ena&ed, and be it ena&ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Adrice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That at the next General Quarter Seflioos of the Peace to be holden after the palling of this Ad, at the Caftle of Leicejlert in and for the faid County of Leicejier> and afterwards at any fub-fequent General Quarter Seilions of the Peace to be holden for the faid County, it (hall and may be lawful for the Juftices of the Peace for the faid County then and there a(Teii)bled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to make from time to time fuch Order or Orders for the purchafing, building, repairing, providing and furniflking, in the Borough of Letcefier or in the Suburbs thereof, any Houfe or other private or public Building, or any Piece or Pieces of Land or Ground whereon a Houfe may be built, with fuitable Offices and Accommodations for the Rehdence of His Majefty’s Judges at the Allizes for the faid County, or during any Special Commiffion of Oyer and Terminer, with their Officers and Attendants, and for tranfa&ing the Bulinefs ufually tranfa&ed at the Lodgings of His Majefty’s Judges during the Affizes; and alfo for the Reception and Convenience of the Juftices of the Peace for the time being of the faid County, at any Adjournment of their General Quarter Seffions of the Peace, when the fame Seffions (hall not happen during the Affizes of the faid County, or during fuch Special Commiffion of Oyer and Terminer; and alfo for the making and providing in fuch Houfe or Building fuitable Offices for the Ma-giftrates to meet and tranfa& any of the public Bulinefs of the faid County $ and for the Depofit and fafe Cuftody of the public Records of the faid County ; as to them the faid Juftices fo aflembled, or the tnajor Part of them, (hall from time to time appear expedient or neceflary, and for paying, difcharging and defraying all the Expences, Coils and Charges of and attending the purchaung, building, repairing, providing and furnifhing of the fame, and of effecting and carrying into Execution the feveral Purpofes of this A&, by and out of the public Stock or County Rates of the faid County, lubje& to fuch Reftri&ions and Provilions as are hereinafter contained.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Juftices of the Peace aflembled at any General Quarter Seffions of the Peace for the faid County from time to time to order and dire& fuch Salary or Allowance to be paid out of the Monies to be raifed by virtue of this A&, or by and out of the public Stock or County Rates of the faid County, to the Clerk of the Peace for the faid Cbunty of Letcefier for the time being, or his Deputy, for affifting in the Execution of this A&, or for any other Services, Pains or Trouble required of him by the faid Juftices officially relating to the public Bulinefs of the faid County, or for executing any Rules, Orders or Regulations to be made in purfuance thereof, as (hall be thought fit and reafonable by the faid Juftices.

III.	And for the more fpeedy and effe&ually carrying into Execution the Powers of this A&, be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the (aid Juftices aflembled at any General Quarter Seffions of the Peace, or the major Part of fuch Juftices, to borrow and take up at legal Inteneft any Sum or Sums of Money, not ex-

F f 4	cecding

Juftices at Quarter Seffions enabled to make Orders for providing a Houfe, Ac. for the * Judges, Ac.

Clerk of the Peace to be remunerated for hia Trouble.

Juftices may at Quarter Seffions borrow Money on the Credit of the County Rates.

440

C. xx.

58° GEO. ILL

A.D. 1811.

Form of Mort-

Securities for Money to be transferable.

Form of Af-fifnmcnt.

ceediug in the Whole the Sam of Seven thoufand Pounds on the Credit of the County Rates to be made, raifed and affeffed upon and within the faid County of Leicejler, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any Five of them, to mortgage or affign over any fuch Rates to the Perfon or Perfom who (hau advance or lend fuch Money , or to his, her or their Tniftce or Truftees, as a Security for the Repayment of any Money to be advanced for the Purpofes of this Act, with lntereft as aforefirid; and all Perfons to whom any fuch Mortgages or Affign men ts (hall be made, or who (hall be entitled to the Money thereby fecured, fluQ be, in proportion to the Sums in fuch Securities mentioned. Creditors on the faid Rates equally one with another, without any Preference in refped of the Priority of advancing fuch Money, or the Dates of any fuch Mortgages or Alignments; and every fuch Mortgage or Alignment lhafl be good, valid and effedual in the Law for the Purpofes thereby intended, and (hall be in the Form or to the ECicd following ; (that is to fay,)

*	yU E, A. B. One of His Majefly’s Juftices of the Peace and Chair-

*	man of the Court of Quarter Seffions of the Peace for the

* County of Leicejler, holden at the Caftle of Leicejler, the

*	Day	of	and C.D.% -E.F., G. H. and

4 /. K; Four other of His Majefty's. Juftices of the Peace a&ing 4 for the faid County, and aflembled in the faid Court in purfuance 4 of the-Powers to us given, by an Ad pafled in the Fifty eighth 4 Year of the Reign of His Majefty King George the Third, intituled 4 An A8, &c. \Jbere infert the Title of this Ad,'] do hereby io open 4 Court mortgage and charge all the Rates to be raifed within the 4 faid County under the Description of County Rates, by the Laws 4 now in being, with the Payment of the Sum of

4 which L. M. of	hath	propofed	and	agreed to lend,

4 and hath now adually advanced and paid into the Hands of the 4 Treafurer of the faid County for the Purpofes of the faid Ad; 4 and we do hereby confirm and eftablifh the fame unto the laid 4 L. M.y his Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns, for (pouring 4 the Repayment of the faid Sum of	and

4 lntereft for the fame after the Rate of	for One

4 hundred Pounds for a Year; and do hereby order the Treafurer of 4 the faid County to pay the lntereft of the faid Sum of 4 Half Yearly, as the fame (hall become due, until the Principal M 4 he difeharged.’

IV.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the refpedive Perfons entitled to any of the Securities to be given for Money advanced for the Purpofes of this Ad, and their refpedive Executors, Adminiftrators or Affigns, at any time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to transfer fuch Securities to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, by Indorfement on the Back of fuch Security, or any Writing to be annexed thereto, in the Form or to the Effed following ; (that is to fay,)

4 T A.B. do transfer this Mortgage, with all my Right or Title to 4 the principal Money hereby fecured, and au lntereft now doe 4 and to become due for the fame, to C. Dm his Executors, Ad-4 miniftrators and Affigns. Dated the	Day of

4	One	thoufand	eight	hundxtd and	•’

And

A. D. 1818.

58* GEO. IIL

C.xx.

441

And all Mortgages and Affignments which (hall be made in pur* fnance of tbit Act, and Memorials of all Transfers thereof, (hall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County $ which Memorials (hall fpecify and contain the Dates, Names of the Parties, and the Sums of Money thereby fecured; to which Book any Perfons interefted (hall at all ieafonable times have Accefs, and (hall have free Liberty to infpeH the fame; and for the Entry of every fuch Transfer the laid Clerk of the Peace (hall be paid, by the Perfon to whom the fame (hall be made, the Sum of Ten Shillings, and no more; and after fuch Entry made of any Transfer, every fuch Transfer fo entered (hall entitle the Perfon to whom the fame (hall be made, and his, her and their refpe&ive Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enaHed, That the Money to be expended in the purchaiing, building, repairing, providing, fitting up and furnifhing fuch Houfe, Buildings, Lands, Offices, Accommodations, Furniture and Appurtenances as are by this AH directed, including the Cods, Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and paffing of this AH, (hall not in the Whole exceed the Sum of Seven thoufand Pounds : Provided always, that no greater Sum or Sums of Money (hall be applied from and out of the public Stock or County Rates of the faid County in any one Year towards the Difcharge and Payment of the Sum of Money direHed to be raifed and borrowed under the Provifions of this AH for the Purpofes aforefaid, and for the lawful Intereft to be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons advancing the fame, or for the effeHing and carrying into Execution the feveral Purpofes of this AH, than (hall amount to One Halfpenny in the Pound on the AflefTment upon which the County Rate for the faid County of Leicefter is colleHed.

VI.	And be it further enaHed, That it (hall he lawful for the faid Juftices fo aflembled as aforefaid, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time to treat, contrail and agree with the Owners of and Perfons interefted in any Houfes, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments which they (hall judge to be proper or necefiary for the Purpofes of this AH, for the Purchafe thereof, and by and out of the faid public Stock and County Rates of the faid County to pay or caufe to be paid, for the Purchafe of fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lauds or Hereditaments, fuch Sum or Sums of Money as (hall he agreed upon between fuch Owners and Perfons interefted as aforefaid and the faid Juftices, and alfo the Cofts and Charges attending fuch Agreement and Purchafe as aforefaid ; and upon Payment of the Money agreed to be paid for the Purchafe of any fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments as aforefaid, or on depofiting the fame in the Bank of England in manner by this AH direHed, it (hall be lawful for the faid Juftices of the Peace, or any Two or more of them, their Surveyors, Workmen or Agents, at any time thereafter, to enter upon and take Pofleffion of the faid Houfes, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, and the fame (hall be conveyed to the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County of Lncejler for the time being, for the Purpofes of this AH.

VII.	And be it further enaHed, That it (hall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Bole, Tenants for Life or ia Fee Tail, General or Special, and all

Hufbands,

Money to bs expended no exceed Seven thouf.nd Pounds.

No more than One Halfpenny in the Pound on the AlfeflnDent* to l>e applied out of the County Rate" in any one Year.

Juftices in Quarter Seftiont enabled to purchafe Houfes, Bui<dit)gs or Lands for the * Purpofes of this A a.

Bodies Politic, Corporate, Trufteet, Sec. enabled to Cell.

442

p. XX.

58° GEO. IIL

A.D. 1818.

Conveyances, Ac valid without Fine or Recovery.

Application of Compenfation when amounting to or exceeding

aool. •

Hufbands, Truftees, or Feoffees in Truft, Executors, Adminiftra-tors, Guardians, Committees and all other Truftees whomfoever, not only for and on behalf of themfelves, their Heirs and Socceffors, but alfo for and on behalf of their Ceftuique Trufts, whether Infants, Iffue unborn, Femes Covert, Lunatics, Idiots or other Perfoo or Perfons whom foe ver, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or (hall be feifed, poffefled of or interefted in their own Right, and to and for all and every Perfon or Perfons whomsoever who are or (hall be feifed, poffefled of or interefted in any fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments which (hall be fo fixed upon at aforefaid, to treat, contract and agree with the faid Juft ices, or the major Pan of them fo affembled as aforefaid, for the Sale of fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, and of all or any Part of their Intereft therein, or in any Part thereof, and to convey the fame to fuch Perfon or Perfons for the Purpofes of this Ad, and in fuch manner as they the faid Juftices, or the major Part of them fo affembled as afoie-faid, (hall dired, and as Occafion (hall require; and all Contra&s, Sales and Conveyances which (hall be fo made (hall be valid to aU Intents and Purpofes, without Fine or Recovery, and (hall be a complete Bar to all Eftates Tail, and all other Eftates, Rights, Titles, Trufts and Interefts whatfoever, any Law, Statute, Settlement, or other matter or thing whatfoever to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding j and all and every fuch Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Hulbands, Truftees, Feoffees, Executors, Adminiftrators, Guardians, Committees and all other Perfons, (hall be and are hereby indemnified for what they (hall do by virtue of this Ad.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Money (hall be agreed to be paid for the Purchafe of any Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchafed by virtue of the Powen of this A61 for the Purpofes thereof, which (hall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Executor, Adminiftrator, Hu (band, Guardian or Committee, tor or on behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot or Feme Covert, or to any Perfon or Perfons whole Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments are limited in ftrid or other Settlement, or to any other Perfon or Perfons under any other Difability or Incapacity whatfoever, fuch Money ihall, in cafe the fame (hall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Juftices of the Peace for the County of Leicejler, to. the Intent that fuch Money (hall be applied, under the Diredion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary Way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the (aid Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments* in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or in or towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances, or any Part thereof as the faid Court (hall authorize to be paid, afteding the fame Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affedcng any other Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments fettled therewith to the fame or the Kke Ufes, Trufts, Intents or Purpofes; or where fuch Money (haU not be fo applied, then the fame /hall be

laid

\

\

£ A.D. 1818,

58° GEO. Ill

443

laid out and in veiled, under the like Dire&ion and Approbation of r the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Houfes, Buildings, Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to, for and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trulls, Intents and Purposes, and in the fame manner as the Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tc-r nements and Hereditaments which (hall be fo purchafed as aforefaid Hood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the time of making the Conveyance and Settlement (hall be exifting, undetermined ana capable of taking EfFe& j and in the mean time, and until fuch Purchafe (hall be made, the faid Money (hall, by Order of the faid Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invelled by the faid Accountant General in his Name in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities j and in the mean time and until the faid Bank Annuities (hall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes afore-faid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities (hall from time to time be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houfes,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fo hereby directed to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

IX.	Provided always, and be it.further ena&ed, That if any Application Money fo agreed to be paid for any Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Te- where the Com-oements or Hereditaments purchafed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and 5w^2o6L«nd* belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under amount* to*!* any Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than the Sum exceed* aol.

1 of Two hundred Pounds, and (hall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch cafes the fame (hall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments fo purchafed, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpe&ive Hands, be paid into the Bank with the Privity and in the Name of the faid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore dire&ed; or otherwife the fame (hall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truf-tees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by any Two or more of the Juilices of the Peace for the faid County, fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, in order that fuch Principal' Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in manner hereinbefore dire&ed, fo* far as the cafe may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Dire&ion or Approbation of the faid Court of Chancery.

X.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That when fuch Application

Money fo agreed to be paid as lad before mentioned (hall not exceed wh*r*thc Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch cafes the fame (hall be applied	dtes	not

to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being exce 10 * have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houfes, Buildings,

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments fo purchafed for the Purpofes of this A&, in fuch manner as the (aid Juilices, or the major Part of them fo aflembled as aforefaid, (hall think fit; or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guard-

58° GEO. in:

Provifo rcfpeft-in? difputed Titles.

The Court may order reafonable Expences of Purchafes to he paid by the Olid Juft ice*.

Clerk of the Peace to give Notice to Sheriff when Houfes, ft c. are completed ;

C xx.

A.D. 1818.

ians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpe&ively,

XI.	Provided always, and be it farther ena£ted, That where say Queftion (hall arife touching the Title of any Perfon or Perfon* to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name sac with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuence of this Ad, for the Purchafe of any Hooks, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Edatr, Right or Intereff in any Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Intereff of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have been in Pofleffion of fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at the time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Pofleffion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, (hall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to fncb Pofleffion, until the contrary (hall be (hewn to the Satisfadion of the faid Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Intereff of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, (hall be paid, applied and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it (hall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Pofleffion was a wrongful Poflef-fion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That where by reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons or Corporation entitled to any Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchafed under the Authority of this Ad, the Purchafe Money for the fame (hall be required to be paid into the faid Court, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ules in purfuance thereof, it (hall be lawful for the faid Court to order the Expences of all fuch laft mentioned Purchafes from time to time to be made in purfuance of this Ad, or fo much of fuch Expences as the Court (hall deem reafonable, together with the neceffary Cods and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Judices of the reace out of the Money to be raided by virtue of this Ad, who (hall from time to time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court (hall diroft.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That as foon as fuch Houle, Buildings, Offices and Accommodations (hall have been provided and furnilhed, and put into a proper State for the Reception of Hit Majedy’s Judges as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Lctcejler for the time being, and he is hereby required, forthwith to give Notice thereof to the High Sheriff of the County of Leicejler for the time being, and it (hall be lawful for fuch Sheriff, or his Under Sheriff, within Eight Days previous to any Affixes, or to any Special Commiffion of Oyer and Terminer for the Trial of Offenders, to be holden for the (aid County, to enter upon and occupy the faid Houfe, Buildings and Offices fo to be appropriated for the Accommodation of His Majedy,s Judges as afore-laid, and alfo the Furniture and Utenfile in the fame, in order that

he

A.C.I818.

58* GEO. III.

C. xx.

445

be may prepare and make ready the fame for the Reception of His Majefty’s Judges as aforefaid, the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy delivering to the faid Sheriff or his Under Sheriff an Inven* tory or Schedule of all Furniture and Articles of Houfehold Ufe < appertaining to the faid Houfe and Premifes, and the faid Sheriff (hall be accountable for the due Care and Re-delivery of the fame (all reafonable Damage or Lofs by Wear and Tear excepted) ; and % the faid High Sheriff and bis Uuder Sheriff is and are hereby authorized and empowered to require all and every Perfon or Perfons then and there found therein (except the Perfon to whofe Care the faid Houfe and Furniture is intruded under the Authority of the Juftices of the Peace of the faid County) to remove and quit the fame for the Reception and Accommodation of the Judges as aforefaid; and ki cafe of their not removing or quitting forthwith, taking to his and /, . their Affiftance a Con (table or Peace Officer, to difplace and remove the Perfon or Perfons fo not removing or quitting forthwith, without being liable or fubjeCt to any A6tion for Trefpafs, or any Indictment for forcible Entry, or otherwife, for fo doing.

4 XIV. And Whereas it may be neceffary, for effecting the Pur-4 pofes of this ACt, to purchafe more Land or Buildings tnan it may j* • be abfolutely neceffary to retain for the Purpofes of tnis ACtBe it therefore further enaCted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Juftices fo affembled as aforefaid, or the major Part of them, and * they are hereby empowered from time to time to caufe any fuch fuperffuous Land or Buildings to be fold or difpofed of, together or in Parcels, either by public Sale or private ContraCt, as they (hall ; find rood advantageous and convenient, and to order the fame to be conveyed, by Indenture or Indentures under the Hand and Seal of the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County for the time being, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall be willing to contraCt for and purchafe the fame, and to apply the Monies to arife by fuch Sale or r Sales to and for the Purpofes of this ACt ; but the Purchafer or Purchafers (hall not be obliged to fee to the Application of fuch ; Purchafe Money, nor be accountable for the Mifapplication or Non-? application thereof, or of any Part thereof; and the Receipt and Receipts of the Treafurer of the faid County for the time being for all ' fuch rurchafe Monies (hall be a fufficient Difcharge and Difcharges to any Perfon or Perfons for his, her or their Purchafe Monies.

XV.	And be it further enaCted, That during fuch time as any Houfe, Buildings and Offices to be provided by virtue of this A6t (hall be ufed for the Accommodation of His Majefty’s Judges at the Affizes, or at any Special Commifiion as aforefaid, all and every Sum and Sums of Money allowed to the Sheriff of the (aid County for the time being out of His Majefty’s Exchequer for fuch Lodgings and Accommodations, (hall be paid over by the faid Sheriff to the Treafurer of the faid County for the time being, to be taken and applied as Part of the Public Stock of the faid County collected under the Rates for the fame County.

XVI.	And be it further enaCted, That whenever fuch Houfe, Buildings, Offices or Accommodations (hall require Alterations, Additions or Improvements, or become out of Repair, or any Furniture thereto belonging (hall become unfit for Ufe, or any new Furniture (hall be neceffary, it (hall be lawful for the Juftioes of the Peace for the time being of the faid County, affembled at any General Quarter

Seffions

and to deliver Inventory of Furniture,&c.to Sheriff, who it to be accountable for the fame.

Any Lands or Buildings not wanted may be refold by Juf-ticeaiu Quarter Seffions. .

Allowance to Sheriff for Judges* Houfes, to be paid over by him to Treafurer for County.

How Repairs, &c. are to be made, &c.

446

c. xx.

58° GEO. III.

AJX1818.

Seffions of the Peace for the faid County, or the major Part of them, by an Order of the faid Seffions, from time to time to dired the making of fuch Alterations, Additions, Improvements and Repairs, and fupplying of all Furniture and other matters and things wanted to be made, done and fupported; and it (hall be lawful for fuch Juftices, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby authorized to diredt that fuch Sum or Sums of Money as (hall be expended in the Repairs, Alterations, Additions or Improvements of the fail Houfe and Premifes, or Supply of fuch Furniture or other matters and things as may from time to time become neceiTary as aforefaid, and alfo in the Payment and Difcharge of all or any Quit Rents, Rent Charges, Taxes, Rates and Demands made upon the faid Houfe and Premifes, to be defrayed and paid by the Treafurer of the faid County for the time being out of any Money in his Hands of the Public Stock or County Rates of the faid County; and the Treafurer of the faid County is hereby authorized and required to pay any Sum or Sums of Money fo ordered by fuch Juftices, and fuch Order (hall be a fufficient Authority or Difcharge to the faid Treafurer for the fame; and that it (hall be lawful for the faid Juftices, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to appoint a proper Perfon with a competent Salary and Allowance to take Care of the faid Houfe, Buildings and Offices, and to have the Charge of the Furniture being in the faid Houfe ; and alfo that it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Juftices to order the (aid Houfe, Buildings and Offices and Furniture to be infured from Fnr, and the Sum or Sums of Money fo to be expended, and all Charges incident thereto, to be defrayed and paid out of the Public Stock or County Rates of the faid County.

‘ XVII. And Whereas the Houfe and Premifes in Contemplation

<	to be provided and purchafed under the Powers and Authorities of ‘ this Adt will be locally (ituate within the Borough of Leuejkr,

<	and the fame being an ancient Borough and Body Corporate within * the County of Leicefter, in which the Juftices adting in the Com-‘ miffion of the Peace for the faid County of Leicefler have no Jorif-4 did ion Be it therefore ena&ed and declared, That when and fo

Jurifdi&ion foon as the faid Houfe, Offices and Accommodations fo to be pro-given to the	vided and furniflied under the Powers and Authorities of this Adk

in refyUVthe (hall have been completed and put into a proper State for tbe Purpofes f«id Houfe and aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Juftices of the Premifes, &c. Peace for the time being of the faid County of Leieefter, at all times, to (it, execute and difcharge their feveral Fundtions, Commiffioxts, Proceffes, Duties and Services at, in and upon the (aid Houfe and Premifes fo as aforefaid authorized to be purchafed and provided by virtue of this Adi, in the fame manner, and with the like Powers and Authorities, as well for compelling the Appearance of Parties before^them as in all other refpedU, as can or may be ufed and done at any Place within the faid County of Leicefter; and that for removing all Doubts and Difficulties which might otherwife arife as to Jurildidkion at, in or upon the faid Houfe and Premifes fo to be purchafed and provided by virtue of this Adfc ((hould the fame be locally (ituate within the laid Borough of Leicefter), all and every the Procefs, Examinations, Adjudications, Judgments, Executions, Records, Orders, Warrants, Commitments and other Proceedings of any Juftice or Juftices- of the Peace for the time being of the (aid ‘	County

I

A.D. 1818.

58° GEO. Ill

C. xx.

447

t County of Leicefter, made, done and executed at, in or upon the faid Houfe and Premifes to be purchased and provided under the Powers and Authorities of this Ad, and all the Ads of any Conftable or other Officer in obedience thereto, (hall be as binding, valid, legal J and effedual, and (hall be deemed and confidered and are hereby declared to be as binding, valid, legal and effedual, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as if the fame had been done at any Place within the County and not within the faid Borough of Leicejler ; any Law, Statute, Charter or Ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife not-~ withftanding.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That in all cafes of Appeal to any Order, Convidion, Adjudication, Ad or Pro-ceeding whatfoever of any Juftice or Juilices of the Peace of the faid County of Leicefier^ had, made or done at, in or upon the faid Houfe and Premifes to be purchafed and provided by virtue of this Ad (fhould the fame be locally fituated within the faid Borough of ' Le'uejier\y fuch Appeal (hall be made to the General Quarter Seffions of the reace to be holden for the County of Letcefer, and not to any General Seffion of the Peace to be holden for the Borough of r Letceflcr ; any Law, Statute, Charter or Ufage to the. contrary 'f thereof in anywife not withftanding.

' XIX. And be it further enaded, That the Clerk of the Peace for ~ the time being for the faid County may fue and be fued for or in refped of any Claim, Contrad or other matter or thing made or t done, or to be made or done, or in any way anting under the Au-

*	thority of this Ad, in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity $ v and that no Adion or Suit to be brought or commenced by or againft

the faid Clerk of the Peace by virtue of this Ad, (hall abate or be difeontinued by the Death or Removal of fuch Clerk of the Peace,

*	or by any Ad of the faid Clerk of the Peace done without the Con-fent of the faid Juftices, but fuch Clerk of the Peace for the time being (hall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in fuch Adion

f or Suit, nominally; and the fame (hall be carried on and defended t under the Diredion of the faid Juftices, or the major Part of them, affembled at any General Quarter Seffion of the Peace for the faid County, and the Damages (if any) (hall be levied, and alfo all Ex-pences be by them defrayed, in like manner as the other Charges under this Ad; and the faid Houfe, Buildings, Offices, Furniture and Appurtenances, and all Furniture, Articles, matters and things therein or thereunto belonging, or any Land or Hereditaments purchafed by virtue of this Ad, (hall in any Indidment or Indidments be laid, alleged and deferibed to be the Property of the faid Clerk of the Peace for the time being, and under the Style and Defcrip-tion of The Clerk of the Peace for the County of Leicejlcr : Provided always, that in all and every Adion or Adions, Suit or Suits to be brought and commenced as aforefaid, no Perfon or Perfons whom-foever (hall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence by reafon of his, her or their paying or contributing towards the Public Stock of the faid County, or by reafon of his, her or their being charged with or liable to pay any of the Public Rates of the faid County.

XX. And be it further enaded. That no Adion or Suit (hall be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in pur-fuance or by virtue of this Ad after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, or Caufe of Adion accrued for which fuch

Adion

Appeals.

Alt ions to be brought and de-fended in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace.

Limitation of Adions.

C. xx—xxvi.

58° GEO. III.

A. D. 1618.

Public Adt.

47 G.3. Sefl*. 2, c.ii.

%S G.a. c. 13. 19 G. 3. c.115. 38 G. 3. c. 10. continued for ax Years, &c., except as to Part of the Road leading from Cirencefter towards Bifley.

II 0.3.0.95 37 G. 3. c. 151. continued for a I Years, Ac.

37G.3.C.1J6. ontinued for a I Years, 5cc.

A ft ion or Suit (hall be fo brought; and the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch A ft ion or Suit may plead the General I flue, and give this Aft and the fpecial matter in Evidence at any Trial to be bad thereupon.

XXL And be it further enafted. That this Aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft ; and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpeda&y pleaded.

Cap. xxi.

An Aft for altering and amending an Aft pafled in the Forty feventli Year of His prelent Majefty, for conftrufting a Pier and Harbov at or near the Town of Folbefione, in the County of Kent; for varying the Limits, and improving and rendering more commodious the faid Pier and Harbour; for railing a further Sum of Money for completing the fame; and for extending the Powers and Pro-vifions of the faid Aft.	[19th	March	1818.]

Cap. xxii.

An Aft. for enlarging the Church Yard of the Partfh of Chippmg Barnet, in the County of Hertford, and for other Purpofet relating thereto.	[19th	March	1818.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Aft to continue the Term, and to amend and enlarge the Powers of feveral Afts pafled for repairing the Road from Cirencefter to Stroud, and another Road therein mentioned, both in the County of Gloucejter. (a)	[19th	March 1818.]

[Toll* made to ceafe, and New Toll* granted.

Cap. xxiv.

An Aft for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of two Afts of the Eleventh and Thirty feventh Years of Hi* piefeot Majefty for repairing the Road leading from Wem, in the County of Salop, to the Lime Rocks at Bron y Garth, and feveral other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Denbigh $ for repairing aad diverting the Roads leading out of the faid Road from Weu to Bron j Garth into the Turnpike Road leading from jEllefmere to Wrexham} and for repealing fo much of the laid Afts as relates to a certain Part of the faid Roads, (c)	[19th	March i8i8>]

[New Truflee*.']

Cap. xxv.

An Aft for repairing and maintaining the Harbour of the Burgh of Regality of Fraferburgh, in the County of Aberdeen.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. xxvi.

An Aft to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Aft of the Thirty feventh Year of His prelent Majefty, for repairing the Road from' Dover, in the County of Kent, through Deal, to Sandwich, in the faid County, (c) [8th May 1818.] [.Additional Truftee/.J

13	Cap.

A. D. 1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. xxvii, xxviii.

449

y

Cap. xxvii.

An Adi for altering and enlarging the Term* and Powers of certain 34 G. s.c. i<c. Adts, in fo far as the fame relate to the Road leading from the 37 G.3. c. 161. Toll Houfe in Paijley Lane, at fhe Weft Side of the Entry to the New Bridge of Glafgow, by or near Parkbou/e, to the Eaft End of the Bridge at Renfrew, (b)	[8th May 1818.]

[.Additional Truftees. Toils made to ceafe. New Tolls granted

Cap. xxviii.

An Adi to extend 'and amend the Powers of Three Adis of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for building The Jjiaterloo Bridge, and making Roads communicating therewith ; and to authorize the Relinquifhment of the repairing, lighting and watching of the Roads on the South Side of the Bridge^ to the Truftees of the Surrey New Roads, adling under Two feveral Adis of His prefent Majefty *s Reign, for mating, widening and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the feveral Parifhes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, Bermondfty and Chriflchurch, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the faid Roads.

[8th May 1818.]]

4 TT7HEREAS an Adi wa* pafled in the Forty ninth Year 49 G.3. c.cxci.

*	W of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for

*	building a Bridge over the River Thames, from the PrecinS of the 4 Savoy, or near thereunto, in the County of Middlefex, to the oppojite 4 Shore, and for making convenient Roads and Avenues to communi-

*	cate therewith, in the County of Surrey ; And Whereas an Adi was

*	pafled in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, 53 0.3.

*	intituled An AS for altering, enlarging and extending the Powers of c.cUixiv.

*	an A3 of His prefent Majefty, for building a Bridge over the River 4 Thames, at the PrecinS of the Savoy, or near thereunto, and making

*	Roads and Avenues to communicate therewith, in the Counties of 4 Middlefex and Surrey: And Whereas an Adi was pafled in the

4 Fifty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An 56 0.3. c.lxiii;

4 A3 for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two A3s of His prefent 4 Majefly, for building a Bridge over the River Thames, from the 4 PrecinS of the Savoy, or near thereunto, in the County of Mid-4 dlefex, to the oppojite Shore, and for making convenient Roads and 4 Avenues to communicate therewith, in the County of Surrey ; andalfo 4 for making a new Road in lieu of Part of the Road or Street called 4 Narrow Wall, in the faid County of Surrey 5 and for making an 4 Archway over Part of fuch new Road; and for denominating the 4 faid Bridge The Waterloo Bridge And Whereas the Company of 4 Proprietors of The Waterloo Bridge, Incorporated by virtue of the 4 hereinbefore recited Adis, or fome or one of them, have proceeded 4 in the Execution of the feveral Works authorized by the faid 4 recited Adis, and have completed the faid Bridge, and Part of the 4 Roads therein mentioned: And Whereas, for the more fpeedy and 4 effedlual Completion of the Remainder of the faid Roads and 4 Works, it will be expedient that the faid Company (hould be au-4 thorized to raife a further Sum of Money : And Whereas it would 4 tend to the Advantage or Convenience of the Public if the faid 4 Company were to reunquilh the Controul, Superintendence and 4 Management, and the repairing, lighting and watching of the feveral 58 Geo. III.	Gg	4	Roads

450

C. xxviii.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

»6 G. 3-e. ijt.

47 O. 3. c. nr.

•Tower to rails a •further Sum.

Bonds and Debenture may be afligned;

Arguments to be rsg&evod.

1 Roads already made or hereafter to be made by them in the County

•	of Surrey, to the Truftees of the Surrey New Roads aAing under

•	and by virtue of an A A pafled in the Twenty fiatb Year of the

•	Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for making* widening 4 and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the feveral Parifhes of Lam-1 beth, Newington, Saint George Southwark* Bermoadfcy, and 4 Chriftchurch, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and 4 lighting the faid Roads ; and alfo of an A A pafled in the Forty 4 feventn Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An 4 A8 for enlarging the Powers of an AS of the Twenty Jixth Tear o£ 4 His prefent Majedy, for making and keeping in repair Certain Roads 4 in the Parifhes ©/"Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, 4 Bermondfey and Chrift church, in the County of Surrey, and for 4 watching and lighting the faid Roads : And whereas it will alfo be 4 expedient that the laid Company (hould be authorized to alter, 4 increafe and vary the Tolls authorized to be demanded ou the faid

•	Bridge and Roads ; and that fome of the Powers and Provifions of < the (aid A A 8, or fome of them, (hould be altered, enlarged and

•	amended:’ May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it maybe enaAed 5 and be it enaAed by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and witlnhe Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That it (hall be lawful to and for the (aid Company of Proprietors, in cafe they (hall deem it meet and expedient, to raife any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Seventy five tboufand Pounds in addition to the feveral Sums authorized to be railed by the faid recited AAs of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty fixth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, by borrowing the fame at any Rate of Intercft not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annumt and to iffue to the feveral rerfons who (hall advance the fame, or any Part thereof, a Bond or Bonds, Debenture or Debentures, for fecuring the fame, with fnch Intereft, under the Common Seal of the faid Company; and by fuch Bond or Bonds, Do-*benture or Debentures, to mortgage and afiign the Rates and Tolls to be received and taken upon thclaid Bridge ; and all fuch Bonds •and Debentures (hall be regiftcred with the Clerk of the faid Company, and (hall, fo far as regards the Interefts thereon, have Priority over and precede all other Securities upon the faid Tolls, and alfo all Dividends and Divifion of Profit or Intereft upon any Sums fob-icribed or contributed towards the faid Undertaking; any thing contained in the faid recited AAs of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty 'fixth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, or either of them, to the contrary thereof lh anywife notwithftanding: Provided always, that the Holders of fuch Bonds and Debentures (hall ftand upon the fame Footing, the one with the other, in refpeA of their Right to the Payment of the Intereft upon fuch Bonds and Debentures, without any Priority among themfelves, notwithftanding the Suma of Money for which fuch Bonds and Debentures (hall have been iffiied may Imre been advanced at different times.

II.	And be it further enaAed, That fuch Bonds and Debentures may be affigned and transferred in fuch and the like manner as Deeds of Mortgage of the Tolls of the laid Bridge are by the faid recited AA of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty authorised to be affigned and transferred j and every Affigmnent and xi	Transfer

A.D.1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. xxviii.

451

Transfer of fuch Bonds and Debentures (hall be regiftered with the Clerk of the faid Company, in fuch or the like manner as Alignments and Transfers of fuch Mortgage Deeds are by the fame Aft direfted to be regiftered ; and the Clerk of the faid Company (hall be paid for registering every fuch Bond or Debenture, and every fuch Alignment or Transfer, fuch Sum, not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence, as the Committee of the faid Company (hall appoint.

III.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful to and for Application of the faid Company to apply and difpofe of the faid Sum of Seventy lhe Mo,,ey» five thoufimd Pounds, or luch Part thereof as lhall be railed, in making and completing the Roads by the faid recited Afts of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty fixth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty and this Aft authorized to be made, and generally in carrying the faid recited AftB and this Aft into Execution and EfTeft.

4 IV. And Whereas the faid Company have raifed a great Part of Recualihst A lithe Sums authorized to be raifed by the (aid recited Afts of the nu,t**4 had be*n ‘ Forty ninth. Fifty .third and Fifty fixth Yew. of the Reign of His * prefent Majesty, by way of Annuity, and did agree with the feveral had been iffued 4 Parties advancing fuch Sums that the fame mould be advanced under the Com-4 by certain Inftalmenti, in order that the Weight of fuch Annuities P*ny’a Seal;

4 might not fall upon the faid Company before the Sums advanced	Come

4 by way of Coniideration for fuch Annuities Ihould be wanted for knitted to*

4 the Execution of the feveral Works authorized by the faid recited appiy for iheir 4 Afts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty uxth Years of the Grants, the 4 Reign of His prefent Majefty : And Whereas, in order to fecure Company had 4 the Payment of the faid Annuities to the feveral Perfons advancing f v??"1!/ 4 fuch Sums of Money, the faid Company of Proprietors have iflued which*Doubta 4 to the faid Parties certain Grants of Annuities under their Common have been enter-4 Seal, fpecifying the Periods at which fuch Inftalments Ihould be taioed.

4 advanced, and me feveral Parts of fuch Annuities Ihould commence:

4 And Whereas fome of the Perfons advancing fuch Sums of Money 4 having omitted to apply to the faid Company for their refpeftive 4 Grants of Annuity until after all or fome of the Periods at which 4 fuch Inftalments were advanced, the faid Company have iflued to 4 fuch Perfons refpeftively Grants of Annuity, bearing Date refpee-4 tively the Days on which the fame were fo iflued, whereas ac-4 cording to the Tenor and Intention thereof the fame (hould have 4 been dated on the Twenty third Day of February One thoufand 4 eight hundred and fourteen, the Day of Payment of the Firft of the 4 faid Inftalments: And Whereas Doubts have arifen as to the Form 4 of all fuch GrantsFor Remedy whereof be it further enafted.

That all fuch Grants of Annuities, being duly damped according £rovifo for h»ch to the total Amount of fuch Inftalments, and all Amgnments and Grantf* Transfers of fuch Grants of Annuities, being duly damped according to the Amount of Conlideration Money payable to the Perfon or Perfons affigning or transferring the fame, (hall be good, valid and effeftual to all Intents and Purpofej, any Law, Statute, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife not withftan ding; and (hall be binding in Law, not only upon the faid Company, but alfo upon all Grantees, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Afiigns ; and that fuch of the faid Grants as by Miftake were dated fubfe* quently to the faid Twenty third Day ot February One thoufand right hundred and fourteen, (hail be deemed and confidercd as bearing Date

G g 2	on,

450

C. xxviii.

58° GEO. III.



*6G. 3.C. 131.

•47 O. 3. c* cxv.

Roads already made or hereafter to be made by tbe|^ of Surrey, to the Tru flees of the Carrey New and by virtue of an Adi paffed in the Twenl'g %r Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An	ft

and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the ^ ^ beth, Newington, Saint George Sou^f Chriftchurch, in the County of	^

Is s and alio r|

Reign of Hr f f	-

lighting the faid Roads ; and alfo cS fy ^	*	C

feventh Year of the Reign of Hr *

Bermondfey and Cbriftchur^,

*	watching and lighting the ft gfc

*	expedient that the laid f % H increase and vary the Xi^r^g,

•	Bridge and Roads ; av/^/3 g ‘ the AAs, or (o'jf*

•	amended May it// enafted ; and be it ./f •by and wittrthe A/> poral, and Comr/>/

•Tower to raife a Authority of ftfjf further Sum. Company of T ^

yr	a	orty	ninth,

5 $	aiis	prefent	Majefty,

'* *	6	of all or any of the Sum*

.iy ninth, Fifty third and Fifty «t6 prefent Majefty, and this Ad, and f ,	;#	r	,	Sum	or	Sums	of	Money which may from

to raife an*72/<d, for the Purpofe of redeeming or purchafing Pounds in<; */'' ,r any of them ; and that the feveral Perfons who faid red7 ' kne faid Sums of Money or any Part thereof, and their Years '/ .^fljgns, (hall Hand upon the fame Footing as the Holden at ar Unities which (hall be redeemed or purchased with the Mo-An• v'jrtnced by them refpe&ively : Provided always, that fuch Sums fa rffroej (hall be applied folely to the Redemption or Purchafe of

jvf«p of the new jund and Book of Reference to remtin in the

•	/{Annuities, and to and for no other Ufe, Truft, Intent or Pur-

^ whatfoever:	Provided	alfo,	that the borrowing or railing any

J^fti or Sums for the Redemption or Purchafe of fuch Annuities (hall pot prejudice or in any manner affedt the Rights and Securities of .(be Holders of the Bonds and Debentures hereby authorized to be i/fued.

•VI. And Whereas it is defirable that the Road intended to be 4 made from the Foot of the faid Bridge to near theObelifk in Saint 4 George9 s Fields in the County of Surrey, fhould be altered, and alfo 4 widened at the End thereof neareft the faid Obeliik: And Whereas 4 the faid Company have depofited with the Clerk of the Peace for the

•	County of Surrey a Map or Plan deferibing and delineating the

•	intended Line of the faid Road, and the feveral Lands, Buildings

•	and Hereditaments which will be required to4>e taken and ufedfor

•	completing the fame, and which are deferibed in the Schedules to •:the faid recited A&s of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty fixth ‘ Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty and this AA annexed,

•	or dome of them, and have alfo depofited with the faid Clerk of the

•	Peace a Book of Reference containing Lifts of the Names of the

•	Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers of the Lands, Buildings

•	and Hereditaments to be taken and ufed by virtue of this Aft Be it therefore further enabled, That the faid Map or Plan and Book of Reference (hall remain in the Cuftody of the faid Clerk of

the

%

1818.

58" GEO. III.

C. xxviii.

453

. ^	*° the End that all Perfons interfiled therein may at all

0^%,	ie8 ^ave Liberty to infped and perufe the fame, and

^	Extrads	thereof	at their Will and Pleafure, paying

^	he	Peace	the Sum of One Shilling for every fuch

” the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred r-	^	^	or	Extrade of the faid Map or Plan and

* faid Company are authorized by the faid

02

> 'SC	vSsi

■g rKy<±cc. "kS^\-

V«'A



;nth. Fifty third and Fifty fixth Years Majefty, or one of them, to take and 'tioned, fuch of the Lands, Build-4 in the faid Map or Plan, and red, as are diftinguifhed by % Schedule ;* Be it therefore faid Company to alter and ^	' of the faid Bridge to

^ .ifc manner defcribed and . to take and purchafe, for of the Forty ninth, Fifty third Keign of His prefent Majefty, and Buildings and Hereditaments mentioned *iS Ad annexed, as are not therein diftinguifhed - which the faid Company are not already authorized - recited Ads of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty . ears of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, or one of them, to vC -zmd ufe as aforefaid.

y-^II. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the faid Coir»t~l>any have full Power and Authority tc alter and widen the ftvd ftoad, and to complete the fame in the manner defcribed and ^0cated in the faid Map or Plan, and may purchafe and take Pof-feflikon, for the Purpofes of the faid recited Ads of the Forty ninth, pifty third and Fifty fixth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, rod this Ad, of any of the Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments requifite for the Execution of the faid Works, notwithftanding any Error or Omifiion, or incorred Defcription in tbe faid Map or Plan or Book of Reference, or in the faid Schedule, in cafe it (hall appear to any Two or more Juftices of the Peace of the County of Surrey, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that fuch Error, Omifiion or incorred Defcription proceeded from Miftake.

IX. And be it further enaded, That from and after the pafling of this Ad, the feveral Tolls authorized to be demanded and taken by the faid Company upon the faid sBridge and Roads by the faid recited Ads of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty fixth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, or any of them, mall be and the fame are hereby repealed ; and that inftead thereof there (hall be demanded and taken at all fuch Toll Gates, Bars or Turnpikes as are now eroded, or which (hall hereafter be eroded, on the faid Bridge, before any Perfon ufing the faid Bridge as a Footway, or any Horfe, Mule, Afs or other Cattle, or Carriage, Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Vehicle, (hall be permitted to pafs through any fuch Gate, Bar or Turnpike upon the faid Bridge, the refpedive Tolls following; (that is to fay,)

G g 3	Fdr

Cuftody of the Cleik of the Peace for the County of Surrey.

Road towards the Ohelitk in St. George's Fields may be widened;

notwithftanding Midaket in Book of Reference.

Prefent Toil* repealed.

454

C. xxviii.

58® GEO. III.

A.D.1618.

For each and every time of palling over the faid Bridge,

New Toll*.	For	every	Foot	Paffenger,	a	Sum not exceeding One Penny :

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Vis-a-vis, Chariot, Chaife, Calafh and Pleafure Carriage, and for every Hearfe, Litter or other fuch Carriage, having more than Two Wheels, and drawn by Six Horfes, or other Beans of Draught, a Sum not exceeding One Shil-

r or any of the like Carriages or Vehicles drawn by Two Horfes or other Beafts of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Sixpence :

For any of the like Carriages or Vehicles drawn by One Horfe or other Beail of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Four pence:

For every Chaife, Chair, Taxed Cart, Curricle or other fuch like Carriage on Two Wheels, and drawn by Two Horfes or other Beafts of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Sixpence :

For any of the like laft mentioned Carriages or Vehicles drawn by One Horle or other Bead of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Three pence:

For every Horfe or other Beail of Draught drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, Truck, Sledge or fuen like Carriage, laden or unladen, a Sum not exceeding Two pence :

For every Wheelbarrow or Truck, not drawn by any Horfe or other Bead of Draught, a Sum not exceeding One Penny Halfpenny :

For every Horfe, Mule or Afa, laden or unladen, and not drawing, a Sum not exceeding Two pence :

For every Score of Oxen or Neat Cattle, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Number, a Sum not exceeding Eight pence : For every Score of Calves, Hogs, Sheep or Lambs, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Number, a Sum not exceeding Four pence.

Cuper’s Bridge Stairs to be diC-coniinued.

‘ X. And Whereas the faid Company have built and conftru&cd

*	Two Sets of Stairs or Plying Places at the Surrey End of the £md 4 Bridge, and the fame are now ufed in lieu of the Stairs or Place 4 called Cuper’s Stairs, otherwife Cupels Bridge Stairs s And 4 Whereas that Part of the Street, formerly called Narromt Wall* 4 which lies on the South Side of the Wharf belonging to the laid

*	Company, formerly the Property of Jervoi/e Clarke Jeri>oife% and 4 which formed the Accefs to the faid Stairs or Place called Cupels 4 Stairs, otherwife Cuper’s Bridge Stairs, has been Hopped up, and 4 is veiled in the faid Company by virtue of the faid recited Ad of 4 the Fifty fixth Year of His laid prefent Majefty’s Reign, the laid 4 Company having made a new Road in lieu of tne faid Street called 4 Narrow Wall: And Whereas it is expedient to make fome Regn-4 lations as to the Behaviour of Watermen plying for Hire near the

*	faid Bridge ;* Be it therefore further ena&ed. That from and after the palling of this A£t the faid Stairs or Plying Place called Cupels Stairs, otherwife Cuper’s Bridge Stairs, fhall be Ihut up and discontinued as a Public Plying or Landing Place for Watermen and others navigating upon the River Thames ; and that it fhall not be lawful for any Waterman or Watermen to ply for Hirt» or aflemble at the faid

Stairs

C. xxviii.

45&

Stairs or Plying Place, nor to ply for Hire or attemble upon any Part of the Footways or Roads by the faid recited Ads of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty fixth Years of the Reign of Hfs prefent Majefty, or this Ad, authorized to be made, but only at the Stairs or Plying Places built and con (traded by the faid Company, and in the Recedes within the Footways at the Ends of the laid Bridge ; aud that if any Waterman (hall offend herein, or (hall obitrud or moled any Perfon or Perfons in his, her or their Paffage over the laid Bridge or Roads by the faid recited Ads of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty fixth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majeffy, or this Ad, authorized to be ereded and made, or (hall ufe fcurrilous, blafphemous, indecent or abufiye Language to any Perfon or Perfons upon any Part of the faid Bridge and Roads, it (hall be lawful for any Colledor or Receiver of the Tolls or any other Perfon to feize fuch Offender, and by the Authority of this Ad, without any other Warrant, to convey him before any Juftke of the Peace for the County in which fuch Offence (hall be com* mitted ; and fuch Waterman, upon being thereof lawfully convided before fuch Juftice of the Peace, either upon his own Confeffion, or upon the Oath of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes ( which Oath the faid Juftice is hereby authorized and empowered to adminULer), (hall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

* XI. And Whereas the faid Company have made and conffruded 4 certain Parts of the Roads at each End of the Bridge upon 4 ArchesBe it further enaded. That the faid Company (hall have full Power and Authority to grant a Leafe or Leales of the faid Arches, or any of them, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, for fuch Term or Terms of Years, and for fuch Confiderationr, in grofs Annual Rents or other Coropenfations, aud on fuch Conditions, as to the faid Company (hall feem meet; and the Amount of fuch Annual Rents, and the Intereft of fuch Confiderations or Compen-fatiooa in grofs (fuch Confiderations or Compenfations in grofs to be invefted in fome of the Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or on Govern* meat or Real Securities, at Intereft in the Names of the Treafurers), (hall be paid, applied and difpofed of as the Tolls received upon the (aid Bridge are by the faid recited Ads of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty fixth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefly dx* reded to be applied and difpofed of.

XII. And be it further enaded, That from and after the patting of this Ad the Committee of the faid Company (hall have full Power and Authority to appoint fuch Colledor or Colledors, Receiver or Receivers of the Rates and Tolls, as to the faid Committee (hall feem meet; and alfo from time to time to remove any fuch Colledor or Colledors, Receiver or Receivers, and to nominate and ap* point another Perfon or Perfons in his or their Room ov Stead, taking liich Security from every fuch Colledor or Receiver, for the [due Executon of his Office, as the faid Committee (hall think proper; and the (aid Committee (hall have the full and entire Controul and Superintendence over the faid Colledors and Receivers; any thing in the (aid recited Ads of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty fixth Years of the Reign of His prefent Maiefty, or any of them, to the contrary thereof m any wife notwithstanding*

Watermen of* fending may be* feixed.

Penalty.

Company may leafe Arches upon which the* Roads are made;

Committee of Company may appoint and remove Tollmen*

Gg 4

< XIII* As*

456

C. xxviii.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 181&.

Certain Roads in Surrey placed under the Direction of the Truftees of the Surrey Nee Roads;

* XIII. And Whereas in purfuance of the laid recited A&s of thr * Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty fixth Years of the Reign of His 4 prefent Majefty, the faid Company have fet out * and made a Road 4 from the faid Bridge to the Road leading from Blachfriars Read 4 aforefaid to the Marjb Gate, and are about to continue the fame 4 from the faid lad mentioned Road to near the Obelifk in Saint 4 George*i Fields ; and the faid Company haye alfo fet out and made 4 a Road from the End of Stamford Street, Blachfriars Road, into 4 the faid fir ft mentioned Road; and the faid Company are now 4 making a Road from the Road fo intended to be continued to the 4 Obelifk as aforefaid, into the Weflminfir Road, partly through and 4 by means of a certain Street called Oakley Street; and the (aid 4 Company are authorized by the faid recited Adis of the Forty 4 ninth, Fifty third and Fifty fixth Years of the Reign of His (aid 4 prefent Majefty, or fome or one of them, to continue the aforefaid 4 Road from the End of Stamford Street aforefaid into the Weftwun-1 fir Road: And Whereas the faid Company are willing and have 4 propofed to the faid Truftees of the Surrey New Roads to rehn-4 quifh to them the Controul, Superintendence and Management, and 4 the repairing, lighting and watching of the faid Roads already node 4 or hereafter to be made, when and as the fame fhall be completed 4-and made fit for the Ufe of the Public, freed and difeharged from 4 all Mortgages, Annuities, Application of Tolls, or other Incnm-4 brances. Securities, Engagements or Appropriations whatever; and 4 the faid Truftees of the Surrey New Roads are willing and hare 1 confented to accept fuch Relinquifhment when the faid Roads or 4 any of them (hall be fo completed and made fit for the Ufe of the 4 Public, and fo f/eed and discharged as aforefaid, and to undertake 4 the Controul, Superintendence and Management, and the repairing, 4 lighting and watching of the faid Roads, or fuch of them as (hall 4 for the time being be fo completed and made fit for the Ufe of the 4 Public ;* Be it therefore further enadled, That the Road from the faid Bridge, commencing at the North Side of the Archway under the faid Road, to the Road leading from Blachfriars Road to the Marjh Gate aforefaid, and the Road from the End of Stamford Street into the faid firft Mentioned Road (being the Roads already fet out and made as aforefaid), from and immediately after the pafiing of this Adi, and alfo the Continuation of the faid firft mentioned Road to near the Obelifk aforefaid, and the Road from the fame pafiing through Oakley Street aforefaid into the Weflminfir Road aforefaid (being the Roads which the faid Company are now making or continuing as aforefaid), and alfo the Continuation of the faid Road from the End of Stamford Street into the Wcjlminfir Road (which the faid Company are authorized by the faid recited Adis of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty fixth Years of the Reign of His prefent Maiefty, or fome or one of them, to fet out and make), when and as the laid feveral laft mentioned Roads, or any of them, (hall be completed, and Notice thereof (hall be given in Writing by the Clerk of the faid Company to the Clerk of the faid Truftees ; and upon the faid Roads or any of them being fo completed and made fit for the Ufe of the Public, to the Satisfadlion of the Trcafurer for the time being of the faid Truftees, (fuch Satisfadlion to be certified by Writing under his Hand, which faid Certificate the faid Treafuret (hall, in cafe'of Approval, fign*and give within Fourteen Days next

58° GEO. III.

C. xxviii.

457

after fuch Notice bein^ received bv the Clerk of the faid Truftees,) i then, from and immediately after the Delivery of fuch Certificate to the Clerk of the faid Company, the faid Roads, or fuch of them as t fhall be in the faid Notice and Certificate mentioned and defcribed, (hall, freed and difcharged as aforefaid, thenceforth be entirety under the Controul, Superintendence and Management of the faid Truftees, and (hall be repaired, managed, lighted and watched by them during i the Period for which they are now authorized or hereafter may be authorized by the faid Ads of the Twenty fixth and Forty feventb Years of His faid Majcfty’s Reign, or any future Ad or Ads ; and i the faid Truftees fhall have fuch and the fame Powers and Authorities over the whole of the faid Roads refpedively, and to ered, place and fet up Toll Gates or Bars, with fuitable Toll Houfes and other Con-veniences thereon, or on any Part or Parts thereof, or acrofs the fame, or on the Side or Sides thereof (except as hereinafter provided), and to demand, take, colled and receive the fame Tolls and Duties as are veiled in or given and granted to the faid Truftees in and by the faid recited Ads of the Twenty fixth and Forty feventh Years of the ?	Reign of His prefent Majefty in refped of the Roads therein men-

\	tioned ; and that the faid Truftees (hall to all Intents and Purpofes

become the Truftees of the faid Roads in the fame manner and to the \ fame Extent as they are the Truftees of the Surrey New Roads under the faid Ads of the Twenty fixth and Forty Seventh Years of the , Reign of His faid prefent Majefty, with full Power and Authority to apply the Tolls which may hereafter be colleded on the faid Roads ■ hereby relinquiihed, to the fame Purpofes as the Tolls colleded under the faid Ads of the Twenty fixth and Forty feventh Years of the , Reign of His faid prefent Majefty are dire&ed to be applied, and ' which Tolls are hereby declared to be veiled in the faid Truftees for the faid Purpofes; and the feveral Powers, Authorities, Remedies and Provifions in and by the faid recited Ads of the Twenty fixth ,	and Forty feventh Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty given

'	and granted, (hall apply and be in Force and EfFe& with regard to

the Roads made and conftruded, or to be made and conftruded by the faid Company, as fully and effedually as if fuch Roads were particularly mentioned, fpecified and included in the faid recited Ads of the Twenty fixth and Forty feventh Years of the Reign of His faid prefent Majefty; and from and after the paffing of this Ad, as 1 to the Roads already made and completed, and from and after the mother Roads hereinbefore mentioned, or any of them, (hall have been made and completed fit for the Public, and to the Satisfadion of the faid Treafurer of the faid Truftees for the time being, certified in manner aforefaid, the faid Company, or any Comftiiffioner or other Perfon .or Perfons named, authorized and appointed in and by the faid recited Adis of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty fixth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, (hall not interfere or meddle, by themfelves, their Officers,- Agents or Servants, with the faid Roads, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, except for the Purpofe of rebuilding, repairing or amending the Arches formed and made under the faid Road leading from the faid Bridge to the Obeli(k, when and as the fame (hall become dilapidated or out of Repair.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed, Th^t it (hall not be lawful to or for the faid Truftees. ading under and by yirtue of the faid recited

Ads

who may Demand, &c. Tolls veiled by %6 G.3. c.131. and

47 G.3. c. cav.

And mayalt under the Powers of the faid Ads.

Truftees of Surrey Mew Roads not to

C, xxviii.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

uke great erToll* nor to take any Toils nearer to the Bridge than the New Cut.

letups, fee. veiled in Truf-teet of the Surrey New pLotds.

On Neglefr of Repair of Arches under the Road, Clerk of the (aid Truflees to give Notice in Writing to Company or Occupier; and on Negle&, dec. to repair after Notice,

T mftees may repair, and recover * Cofts, and alfo Ioli as a Fine.

Ads of the Twenty fixth and Forty feventh Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, to take any greater Toll on the Roads hereby authorized to be relinquifhed as aforefaid than the Tolls which now are or (hall for the time being be payable at the Toll Gates or Bars ere&ed or hereafter to be ere&ed and fet up on the federal R^uis therein mentioned, nor to eredl, fet up, build or place any Toll Gate or Bar, or to take any Toll whatever, on the Road made from the End of Stamford Street aforefaid to the Road leading from the faid Bridge to near the Obeliflc in Saint George*t Fields aforefaid, or on the faid Road leading from the faid Bridge to the Obelilk aforefaid, nearer to the faid Bridge than the Road leading from Blaekfrears Road aforefaid to the Marjb Gate aforefaid, or within Sixty Feet thereof.

XV.	And be it further enaded. That all and every the Lamps, Lamp Pods, Lamp Irons, Furniture, Watch Boxes, Pofts, Rads Materials and other things now ere&ed, fet up, ufed or placed on the faid Roads hereby authorized to be relinquifhed as aforefaid, and belonging to the faid Company, (hall and the fame are hereby veiled in ana (hall become the foie Property of the hud Truflees for executing the faid Ads of the Twenty fixth and Forty feventh Years of the Reign of His hud prefent Majefty, from and immediately after they ftuul have accepted and taken the Care and Management of the Repair, Watching and Lighting of the faid Roads and who are hereby authorized and empowered to alter, take down, remove and difoote of the fame as they (hall think fit: Provided always that in cafe the Walls built and ereded by the faid Company on each Side of the Road leading from the hud Bridge, or any Part thereof, (hall be pulled down or removed by the faid Truflees, or by any other Ferfon or Perfons who (hall ered any Houfe or Houles on the Sides of the faid Roads the Materials of the faid Walls or foch Parts thereof fo pulled down, (hall be and become the Property of the faid Company.

XVI.	And be it further enaded. That whenever any Arch or Arches under the faid Road, leading from the (aid Bridge to the Obelifk aforefaid, (hall be broken down or become dilapidated or out of repair, and the faid Company or their Leffee or Leflees or the Occupier or Occnpiers of the laid Arch or Arches, (hall negled or omit immediately thereafter to fubftantially rebuild, reinftate or repair the fame, then the Clerk or Surveyor for the time being of the faid Tru flees (hall give Notice in Writing of fuch Breaking-down, Dilapidations or want of Repair, to the (aid Company or their Clerk, or to the find Leffee or Leflees Occupier or Occupiers of the Hud Arch or Arches, immediately to rebuild, repair or amend the fame; and in cafe the faid Company, or their Leffee or Leflees or the Occupier or Occupiers of the Dud Arch or Andies (hall negled or retufe for the Space of Four Days next after Notice of luch Breaking-down, Dilapidations or want of Repair as aforefaid, to proceed in fuch Rebuilding or Repair, then it (hall be lawful to and for the faid Truflees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors ns afore* faid, to caufe the faid Arch or Arches to be fubftantially rebuilt or repaired, as the cafe may be; and die Cofts Charges and Expeseet to be incurred thereby, together with the further Sum of Ten Pounds by way of Fine or Penalty, (hall be paid by the faid Company, or their Treafurer or Clerk, to the Treafiutr or Txeafurers of the bid

Truflees;

C xxviii.

459

58* QPO. IIL

Truftees ; and in cafe the faid Company or their Treafurer or Clerk (hall not pay fuch Sum or Sum9 as (hall be fo laid out or incurred in fuch Rebuilding or Repair, as the cafe may be, together with the 1 faid Sum of Ten Pounds, within Ten Days next after Notice thereof (hall be left at the Office of the faid Company, or at the Dwelling 1 Houfe or laft Place of Abode of their Treafurer or Clerk, (which Notice (hall be in Writing figned by the faid Treafurer or Clerk to 1 the faid Truftees, and annexed to or written under a Bill containing an Account of fuch Charges and Expences,) it (hall be lawful to and for the faid Truftees, or any Seven or more of them, in the 1 Name of their Treafurer or Clerk, and they and he are hereby

•	refpe&ively authorized and empowered, to bring or caufe to be brought any A&ion or A&iona againft the faid Company for the Recovery of, and therein to recover, fuch Sum or Sums of Money as

i (hall or may he fo laid out and expended or incurred, together with t	the faid Sum of Ten Pounds by way of Fine or Penalty, and full Cofts Full Oft* of

*	of Suit; in which A&ion or A&ions, no EfToign, Prote&ion or Suk. s Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance (hall be allowed.

r XVII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That the faid Company may Company (hall at all times at their own Cofts and Charges well and krctk “P f fubftantially fupport and uphold, repair, amend, preferve and keep ^	diet

i	the Arches under the faid Road from the .Bridge to the Obelifk	*

i	aforefaid, in thorough, found and complete Repair, fit and proper

i for the Safety and due Maintenance of the faid Road, and to the Sa-tisfa&ion and Approbation of the Treafurer for the time being of i the Truftees for putting into Execution the faid recited A&s of the Twenty (ixth and Forty feventh Years of the Reign of His faid pre-r	fent Majefty ; and that it (hall be lawful to and for the faid Company

\	or their Committee, and their Agents, Servants and Workmen, from

„	time to tine, and at all times when Occafion (hall require, to come

t	upon any Part of the faid Road hereinbefore described, and fo placed

under the Controul, Superintendence and Management of the (aid j	Truftees as aforefaid, after Six Hours* previous Notice, figned by

.	their Clerk, and given to the Clerk of the faid Truftees, of their

j	Intention to break up the faid Road or any Part thereof, forthePur-

,	pofe of rebuilding, repairing, putting or keeping in Repair all or any

j,	of the faid Arches (they the faid Company at their own Cofts and sod to fence,

i	Charges fencing fnch Part or Parts of the Road as (hall be fo broken &c«Road

up, and during the Rebuilding or Repair of the faid Arches, and l reinftating the faid Road, prote&ing and preferring the Public from goo<j the lame. Damage or Accident, by placing proper Lights and Perfous to guard the fame, and reftoring the laid Road, after fuch Arch or Arches (hall be rebuilt, repaired or amended, to the fame State as before fuch Road was broken up, or fuch Arch or Arches became dilapidated or out of Repair); and in the breaking up of the faid Road, rebuilding or repairing the faid Arches, and reftoring the (aid Road, all poffible Diligence (hall be ufed by the dud Company, their Agents and Servants.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it farther enafibed. That any Tollpsidst Perfon or Perfons who (hall pafs through any Toll Gate or Turnpike to be ere&ed on the Roads hereby authorized to be relinquiftied, and Ita* if° producing a Note or Ticket of the Payment of fuch Toll (which Surrey New Note or Ticket the Toll Colle&or is hereby required to deliver gratis), Road*.

(hall be permitted to pafs Toll-free on the fame Day through all and

every

450

C. xxviii.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

»6 G. 3.C. 131.

.47 O. 3. c. ex*.

Tower to raife a 'further Sum*

Bond* and Debenture may be afligned;

Affif omenta to beregifttiod.

9 Roads already made or hereafter to be made by them in the County

*	of Surrey, to the Truflees of the Surrey New Roads a&ing under

*	and by virtue of an Alt palled in the Twenty hath Year of the ‘ Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for making, widening 4 and keeping in Repair certain Road* in the federal Pari/be* of Lam-1 beth, Newington, Saint George Southwark* Bermondfey, and 4 Chriftchurch, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and 4 lighting the faid Road* ; and alfo of an A A pafied in the Forty 4 feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An 4 A3 for enlarging the Power* of an A8 of the Twenty Jixtb Tear of 4 Hi* prefent Majefty, for making and keeping in repair tertain Roads 4 in the Pari/be* o/*Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, 4 Bermondfey and Chriftchurch, in the County of Surrey, and for 4 watching and lighting the faid Road* : And whereas it will alfo be 4 expedient that the laid Company fhould be authorized to alter,

*	increafe and vary the Tolls authorized to be demanded on the £ud 4 Bridge and Roads ; and that fome of the Powers and Provifions of

*	the laid ASs, or fome of them, fhould be altered, enlarged and 4 amended May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be ena&ed ; and be it enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, •by and witlrthe Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it fhall be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors, in cafe they fhall deem it meet and expedient, to raife any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Seventy five thoufand Pounds in addition to the feveral Sums authorized to be railed by the faid recited Ads of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty fixth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, by borrowing the fame at any Rate of Intercft not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and to iffue to the feveral Perfons who fhall advance the fame, or any Part thereof, a Bond or Bonds, Debenture or Debentures, for fecuring the fame, with fuch Intereft, under tbe Common Seal of the faid Company; and by fuch Bond or Bonds De-4>enture or Debentures, to mortgage and affign the Rates and ToOs to be received and taken upon the faid Bridge ; and all fuch Bonds and Debentures fhall be regiftered with the Clerk of the faid Company, and (hall, fo far as regards the Intcrefls thereon, have Priority 'Over and precede all other Securities upon the faid Tolls, and alfo all Dividends and Divifion of Profit or Interefl upon any Sums fob-vferibed or contributed towards the faid Undertaking; any thing contained in the faid recited Adis of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty Tilth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, or either of them, to the contrary thereof lh atiywife notwithflanding : Provided always, that the Holders of fuch Bonds and Debentures fhall ftand upon the fame Footing, the one with the other, in refpe& of their Right to the Payment of the Intereft upon fuch Bonds and Debentures, without any Priority among themfclves, notwithflanding the Sums of Money for which fuch Bonds and Debentures fhall have been iffbed may have 'been advanced at different times.

II. And be it further enabled. That fuch Bonds and Debentures may be afligned and transferred in fuch and the like manner as Deeds of Mortgage of the Tolls of the faid Bridge are by the faid recited AS of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty authorised to be afligned and transferred j and every Affignment and xx	Transfer

A.D.1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. xxviii.

451

Transfer of fuch Bonds and Debentures dull be regiftered with the Clerk of the faid Company, in fuch or the like manner as Affign-ments and Transfers of fuch Mortgage Deeds are by the fame A61 dtreked to be regiftered ; and the Clerk of the faid Company (hall be paid for regiuering every fuch Bond or Debenture, and every fuch Affignment or Transfer, fuch Sum, not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence, as the Committee of the faid Company (hall appoint.

III. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful to and for Application of the faid Company to apply and difpofe of the faid Sum of Seventy t,ie Money, five thoufend Pounds, or luch Part thereof as (hall be railed, in making and completing the Roads by the faid recited Ads of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty fixth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty and this Ad authorized to be made, and generally in carrying the faid recited Ads and this Ad into Execution and Effed.

* IV. And Whereas the faid Company have railed a great Part of Reciul th«t An-the Sums authorized to be raifed by the faid recited Ads of the nu,t*** had be*n

*	Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty f«th Yemnof the Reign of Hi.

*	prefent Majefty. by way of Annuity, and did agree with the feveral had been iflued

*	Parties advancing fuch Sums that the fame (hould be advanced under the Com-4 by certain Inftalments, in order that the Weight of fuch Annuities Seal;

* might not fall upon the faid Company before the Sums advanced	th*l„fome

* by way of Confideration for fuch Annuities (hould be wanted for	omitted to”

*	the Execution of the feveral Works authorized by the faid recited appiy for their 4 Ads of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty fixth Years of the Grant*, the

*	Reign of His prefent Majefty : And Whereas, in order to fecure Company had

*	the Payment of the faid Annuities to the feveral Perfons advancing *

4 fuch Sums of Money, the faid Company of Proprietors have iflued which*Doubt*

4 to the faid Parties certain Grants of Annuities under their Common have been enter* 4 Seal, fpecifying the Periods at which fuch Inftalments (hould be tained.

4 advanced, and the feveral Parts of fuch Annuities (hould commence:

4 And Whereas feme of the Perfons advancing fuch Sums of Money 4 having omitted to apply to the faid Company for their refpedive 4 Grants of Annuity until after all or feme of the Periods at which 4 fuch Inftalments were advanced, the faid Company have iflued to 4 fuch Perfons refpedively Grants of Annuity, bearing Date refpec-4 tively the Days on which the fame were fo iflued, whereas ac-4 cording to the Tenor and Intention thereof the fame (hould have 4 been dated on the Twenty third Day of February One thoufand 4 eight hundred and fourteen, the Day of Payment of tbe Firft of the 4 faid Inftalments : And Whereas Doubts have arifen as to the Form 4 of all fuch GrantsFor Remedy whereof be it further ena&ed.

That all fuch Grants of Annuities, being duly ftamped according £rovifo for to the total Amount of fuch Inftalments, and all Alignments and Granu* Transfers of fuch Grants of Annuities, being duly ftamped according to the Amount of Confideration Money payable to tbe Perfoo or Perfons affigning or transferring the fame, (hall be good, valid and effe&ual to all Intents and Purpofes, any Law, Statute, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding; and (haU be binding in Law, not only upon the faid Company, but alfo upon all Grantees, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Afiigns ; and that fuch of the faid Grants as by Miftake were dated fubfe-quently to the faid Twenty third Day of February One thoufend right hundred and fourteen, (hail be deemed and confidered as bearing Date

G g 2	on.

452

C. xxviiu

58° GEO. Ill

A.D-1818,

on, and (hall take Effeft from the Said Twenty third Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, and not from the adtual Date thereof: Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall in any manner prejudice or affe6t any Queftion at Law or m Equity, now pending between any Parties or Perfons whomsoever, relating to fuch Grants of Annuities or any of them, Or in any manner to prejudice or affe& any Suit or Proceeding now pending between any Parties or Perfons whomfoever and the faid Company, touching or concerning any Arrears of Annuities or Divifion of Profit or In-tereft arifing antecedent to the palling of this A6t.

* V. And Whereas it may be proper that the faid Company (hould 4 be authorized to raife Money from time to time for the Purpofe * of redeeming or purchafing the Annuities granted by the faid Com-Power to borrow c pany, or any of themBe it therefore further enaded. That it (hall for redeeming |awfuf to an<j for the faid Company, in addition to the Several Sums -by the faid recited A&s of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty fixth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and this AA, authorized to be raifed, to raife by all or any of the Modes mentioned and authorized in and by the faid recited Ads of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty fixth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and this Aft, or any of them, for the raifing of all or any of the Sums by the faid recited Afts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty fixth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and this Aft, and authorized to be raifed, any Sum or Sums of Money which may from time to time be required, for the Purpofe of redeeming or purchafing ’ fuch Annuitiee, or any of them ; and that the Several Perfons who (hall advance the faid Sums of Money or any Part thereof, and their refpeftive Affigns, (hall ftand upon the fame Footing as the Holden of the Annuities which (hall be redeemed or purchased with the Monies advanced by them refpeftively : Provided always, that fuch Sums of Money (hall be applied Solely to the Redemption of Purchafe of fuch Annuities, and to and for no other Ufe, Truft, Intent or Purpofe whatfoever; provided alfo, that the borrowing or raifing any Sum or Sums for the Redemption or Purchafe of fuch Annuities (hall not prejudice or in any manner affe& the Rights and Securities of ' the Holders of the Bonds and Debentures hereby authorized to be iflTued.

4 VI. And Whereas it is defirable that the Road intended to be 4 made from the Foot of the faid Bridge to near theObelifk in Suiut < George's Fields in the County of Surrey, (hould be altered, and alfo 4 widened at the End thereof neareft the faid Obeliik: And Whereas t	4 the faid Company have depofited with the Clerk of the Peace for the

4 County of Surrey a Map or Plan deferibing and delineating the 4 intended Line of the faid Road, and the Several Lands, Buildings 4 and Hereditaments which will be required to be taken and ofedfor « completing the fame, and which are deferibed in the Schedules to 4: the laid recited A&s of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty fixth *4 Years of the Reign of Hi6 prefent Majefty and this A€t annexed, 4 or Some of them, and have alfo depofited with the faid Clerk of the * Peace a Book of Reference containing Lifts of the Names of the 4 Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers of the Lands, Bunldmg* Map of the new 4 and Hereditaments to be taken and ufed by virtue of this Ad Rond and Book Be it therefore further ena&ed. That the faid Map or Plan and reimlnlnth *° ®°°^ Reference (hall remain in the Cuftody of the faid Clerk of

58° GEO. III.

C. xxviii.

453

the Peace, to the End that all Perfons interfiled therein may at all feafonable times have Liberty to infpeft and perufe the fame, and take Copies or Extracts thereof at their Will and Pleafure, paying to fuch Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every fuch Infpeft ion, and after the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words of fuch Copies or ExtralU of the faid Map or Plan and Book of Reference.

4 VII. And Whereas the faid Company are authorized by the faid 4 recited Afts of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty fixth Years 4 of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, or one of them, to take and 4 ufe, for the Purpofes therein mentioned, fuch of the Lands, Build-4 ings and Hereditaments mentioned in the faid Map or Plan, and 4 in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, as are diftinguifhed by 4 Figures in the faid Map or Plan and Schedule Be it therefore enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Company to alter and widen the faid Road leading from the Foot of the faid Bridge to near the Obelifk in Saint George's Fields, iii manner described and delineated in the faid Map or Plan, and to take and purchafe, for the Purpofes of the faid recited Afts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty fixth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and this Aft, fuch of the Lands,' Buildings and Hereditaments mentioned in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, as are not therein diftinguifhed by Figures, and which the faid Company are not already authorized by the faid recited Afts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty fixth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, or one of them, to take and ufe as aforefaid*

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the faid Company (hall have full Power and Authority to alter and widen the faid Road, and to complete the fame in the manner deferibed and delineated in the faid Map or Plan, and may purchafe and take Pof-feffion, for the Purpofes of the faid recited Afts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty fixth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and this Aft, of any of the Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments requiiite for the Execution of the faid Works, notwithftanding any Error or Omifiion, or incorreft Defcription in the faid Map or Plan or Book of Reference, or in the faid Schedule, in cafe it (hall appear to any Two or more Juftices of the Peace of the County of Surrey, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that fuch Error, Omifiion or iocorrcft Defcription proceeded from Miftake.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the pafling of this Aft, the feveral Tolls authorized to be demanded and taken by the faid Company upon the faid^Bridge and Roads by the faid re* trited Afts of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty fixth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, or any of them, /hall be and the fame are hereby repealed ; and that inftead thereof there (hall be demanded and taken at all fuch Toll Gates, Bars or Turnpikes a9 are now erefted, or which (hall hereafter be erefted, on the faid Bridge, before any Perfon ufing the faid Bridge as a Footway, or any Horfe, Mule, Afs or other Cattle, or Carriage, Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Vehicle, (hall be permitted to pafs through any fuch Gate, Bar or Turnpike upon the faid Bridge, the refpeftive Tolls following; (that is to fay,)

G g 3	Fdr

Cuftody of the Cleik of the Peace for the> County of Surrey.

Road towards the Oheliflc \n St. George’s Fields may be widened;

notwithftanding Mistakes in Book of Re-fereoce.

Prefent Tolls repealed.

464 C.xxviii. 58" GEO. III.

SCHEDULE —

A. D. 1818.

Parifh

and

County.

No. and Letter on Plan.

5

CO

'Z

>%

i

o

O

■s

c

«>

r

3

*3

I

57

58

59

60

61

6a

63

64

65 65*

66

67

68

69

70 7* 7»

73

74

75

76

77

78

79

80

81

8a

83

84

85

86

87

88

89

90

9h

9a

93

94

95

Defcription of Property.

■i

‘i

School, kc.

Dwelling Houfe Ditto Formerly vacant Ground, now Part eovered with fmall Houfe s Small Houfe Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Gardena in front Houfes Small Houfe Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Workfhop Small Houfe Ditto Ditto Ditto Houfe and Garden Ditto Ditto Ditto

Do. Grocer’s and Garden Small Houfe

Small Houfe Road, Webber Row Road, Ann’s Place George Public Houfe 1 and Garden	-	J

Dwelling Houfe, -for- 7 merly Public Houfe 3

Dwelling Houfe and \

OWNERS.

Garden

-i

Ditto Ditto -Gardena or vacant *3 Ground between Ba- f ron’s Buildings and f Webber Row - J Formerly vacant Ground now partly covered with Tenetnemt [Dwelling Houfe and Garden Ditto

Ditto -

Freeholders.	Leafeholders.	OCCUPIERS.
James Hedger |  Ditto  Ditto	Truftee* of South- ^ work Sunday > School - ) Thomas Marfden Ditto -	Truftee* of South-walk Sunday School Lakeday William Mien
Executors of ) John Branf- V comb -)	Ditto	i  !
Ditto  Ditto  Ditto  Ditto  Ditto	T;P -	William Seldon | William Pritchard I Richard Grofe i Emjny ' John Beick |
	Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -	
Ditto	Ditto	
James Hedger -  Ditto  Ditto  Ditto  Ditto  Ditto  Ditto  Ditto  Ditto  •Ditto  Ditto  Ditto  Ditto  Ditto  Ditto	Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -John Willis Faulkner James Davis -Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -John Willis Faulkoer Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -	Rebecca Humpbrie Johu Harrington George Caytoa John Ealing William Welfh Richard Humphries James Ledger Thomss Hsrrifoa James Walker Chriftopher Dowling William Undeiiuye John Pitts Thomas Bryant John Edwards James ledger
^ Ditto	Ditto -	John Banfield
Ditto	William Johnfon -	William Culher
Ditto	Ditto -	William Ersw
James Quallett -	5 Meffir* Elliott ? I and Co. - J	John May
Ditto	Ditto -	Thomas Stowril
Ditto ^  Ditto  Ditto	JamesHedger,Col.) Baker, John Wil- > lit Faulkner - J Ditto -Ditto -	Sarah Prtfton  Jolin HardcaiUe John Sheer
City of London		
f Meflrs. Elliott f and Co.		
Trufteesof Jafper Baron Ditto Ditto	Truflees of Jafper? Baron - J Ditto -* Ditto -	James Brown  Matthew Lifter Brown

A. D. 1819.

58° GEO. Ill,

C. xxviii—xxxi,

465

SC H E DULE — continual.

Parifli	No. ai.d Letter	Description of Property.	OWNERS.		1
and					-1 AOOMUirDC
					1 UtLUrltKO.
Ccuity	on Pl.m		Freeholders.	l.eaft holders.	
	96	Dwelling Houfe an<	1 rruff ees of J afpel	1‘rurtees of Jafper >	Matthew Art non
		Garden	Baron	Baron - y	
	I	Ditto Ditto	Ditto	Ditto	Thomas Shelton
*»  hm  W  3  C/3	K	Ditto and Work (hop	Ditto	J Ditto Honey-? ( man,Sub lelfee J	sarah Brown
Vm  O  >s	L	Ditto Dwelling- Houfe > and Garden - {	Ditto	Ditto Ditto	Ifaac Cameron
s	91	Road, Baron's Buildings			
0  0	98	Dwelling Houfe and ) Garden - • (	Temple Weft -	George Furze	Abraham HiU
	99	Ditto	Ditto	Ditto -	Charles RuJby
.5	too	Coal Shed, fee	Ditto	Ditto	William Ratham
€>  §  O	IOK	Dwelling Houfe and) Garden - . J	Ditto	James Bowertnan -	lohn Summers
	102	Ditto	Ditto	Ditto -	lofeph Hip well
c	I03	Ditto and Workihop	Ditto	Ditto -	Edward Edwards
*3	104	Houfe and Garden	Ditto	Ditto -	Ann Bell
CO  *  g	105	Ditto Ditto	Ditto	William Croft	William Crofs,
	M	Ditto Ditto	Ditto	Ditto	Henry Turney
	N	Ditto Ditto	Ditto		Jeffard	William Hagley
£	O	Ditto Ditto	Ditto	Ditto -1	John Laiilier
	P	Ditto Ditto	Ditto	Narciffus Marfh	Narciffus Marfti
	Q  106	Garden  Common Sewer	Ditto ‘ J CommifTioners	John Stanton	John Palfer
			I of Sewers		
		1'Formerly Garden ")			
		Ground, afterwards 1			
*>  S-S £  w C 3	107	taken as Building 1 Ground, on Pan V	Dr. Croker,Copy. holder	Thomas Walls	r horn as Walls
CO  •a-s-o  'See		of which cenain I Buildings have been 1			
					
		erected - -J			
a,	R	Garden Grouud	fTrufteet of} ) the 1'te Mr. f i Giblon, f		Charles Hitchin-bottom.
			I Copy hoi ler j		

Cap. xxix.

An A£fc For continuing and amending an A A of His prefent Majefty, 3<> G 3. c. 136. for maintaining a Road from Wearmouth Bridge to Tyne Bridgef with a Branch to SoutiV Shields, all in the County of Durham. (a)

[8th May 1818.]

[New Trifftees,']

Cap. xxz.

An A& for repairing the Roads into and frotnahp Town of Tewkef-hury in the County of Gloucejler. (a)	[8th	May	1818.]

[One Half Toll additional on Sundays."}

Cap. xxxi.

An A6fc for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three A&s, for repairing the Roads from Lobeomhe Corner in the Parifh of Winter-flowt to Harnham Bridge in the County of Wilts* and from the 58 Geo. III.	H	h	Weft

29 G. 2. e. s 1.

4 G. 3- c. 79.

34 G 3.C. 135. repealed u to the Firft Dill rid of Road, $ 1.

26 G. 2. c. 66. repealed as to publicly whipping Offenders,

$3.

C. xxxi—xxxvii.	58* GEO. I1L

A.D.181S.

m 0.3. e. 74.	Weft Corner of Sahtt Anne's Street in the City of JVnv Sam

to p«t npaUi	to Landford, and other Roads in the County of Southampton. (<)

38 G. 3. c. 38.	[8th 1818.	J

[ ddditionml Truflees. Former Tolls made to ceafe. New Tolls fronted.]

Cap* xxxii.

An Aft for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Rugby* in the County of Warwick* to the Borough of Warwick* in tne fame County, (a)	[8th	May	1818.]

'[One Half additional Toll on Sundays.]

Capa xxxiii.

17 G. 3. cio6. An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afta of His 1$ G. 5. c. X4U prefect Maiefty for repairing the Road from Halifax to Sheffield m the Weft Riding of the County of Tork* fo far as relate* to the Firft Diftrift of the faid Road from Halifax to Huddersfield, (t)

[8th May 1818.J [Additional Truflees. Royal Family exempt from Toff.]

Cap. xxxiv.

An Aft for repairing the Road from Bridie Town m the Parifli of Old Stratford in the County of Warwick* to the Top of Long Compton Hill in the fame County, and another Road therein mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick* Worcefier and Glocefler.

[8th May *8i8.] Uoad leading Aren Shipfton Toll Gale to the Top of Long Compton Hill, ( 1.

Cap. xxxv.

An Aft for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of Sheffield in the County of Tork* to join the Marple Bridge Road in the Pariih of Gloffbp* in the County of Derby* with a Branch to Mortimer** Road in tne Parifh of Hatherfage* in the faid County of Derby. (a)	[8th	May 1818.]

3 O. %. c. 9. 17G.1c.1a.

30 0.9. C.4O.

13 G. 3. c.97. 37 G.3. c. 159. repealed, as to

Cap. xxxvi.

96 O. s. c. 50. An Aft for more efFeftually repairing and improving the Road from 4 G. 3. c. 51.	the Weft End of the Town of Burton upon Trent m the County of

39 G. 3- *4*	Stafford* through the faid Town, to the South End of the Town

repealed.	Gf Derby in the County of Derby. (4)	[8th	May 1818.]

[One Half additional Toll on Sundays

Cap. xxxvii.

An Aft for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the South End of Angel Lane, in Brampton Bier ley* to a certain Public Highway in Mexbrougb; and alfo from Clegg?* Cottage* in Raw udrjk* to the North End of KUnbnrfi Bridge; and from the South End of the faid Bridge to the Weft'.Rpd 4lf the Village of Hooton Roberts, in the Weft Riding of the County of Tork. (£)

[8th May 1818.] [One Hoff additional Toll on Sundays.]

Ob

5S° GEO. III.

C. xxxviii—xliv.

467

Cap. xxxviii.

An Ad for diverting fuch Part of the public Carriage Road leading from Little Smeaton to Darrington, in the County of Tori, as is within the Townfhip of Stapletons and for (hutting up and dif-continuing a certain Footpath in the faid Town (hip.

[8th May !8i8.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Ad for continuing and amending an Ad of His prefent Majefty, 37 O. t. c. 148. for repairing the Road from the North End of Farnhurjl Lane, to com,uued-the City of Chichejler, and from Chicbejler aforefaid to Delkey, in the County of Suffex. (a)	[8th	May	1818.]

[Additional Truftees. Former Tolls to ceafe on Order by Truftees.

New Tolls granted.]

Cap. xl.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of His prefent 37 O. 3. c. 177. Majefty, for repairing the Roads between the Horfe Shoe Houfe continued for a 1 in Stoke Goldington, in the County of Buckingham, and the Town Yem»&c* of Northampton, and from the North Bridge of Newport Pagnel, in the faid County of Buckingham, to the faid Horfe Shoe Houfe. (c)

[8th May 1818.]

[.Additional Truftees.]

Cap. xli.

An Ad for making and maintaining a Road from Lockwood to Mel-tbam and a Branch of Road to Melt bam Mills, all in the Pari(h of Almondbury, in the Weft Riding of the County of Tori. (£)

[8th May 1818.] £Tbe Royal Family exempt from Tolls.]

Cap. xlii.

An Ad for more effedually repairing and improving the Road be- 33 0.3. c.181.

tween Warrington and Lower Irlam, in the County Palatine of	*?i°	a

t a t \	1/ o o	Diviliun of Road

LansaJUr.	(a)	[8th	May 1818.]	from

Waningtoti to

DivUion of Ro*d between Ctdiihead and Lowei lrlam, § t.

Cap. xliii.

An Ad for more effedually repairing and improving the Road lead- 13 G.x. c.13. ing from Studley Bridge, through the Borough of Chippenham, 17 G.a. c. 7,7. to Pickwick, and from the Eaft End of Chippenham Bridge to 3*	c-$3*

Lower Stanton, and from the Eaft End of the laid Bridge to join	4

the Road at Draycot Ceme, in the County of Wilts. (4)

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. xliv.

An Ad for continuing and amending Two Ads of His prefent 17 G. 3.C. 104. Majefty for repairing feveral Roads leading from the Town of in oart repealed, Poole ; and alio for repairing other Roads in and near the faid *

HU	T.™,

468

C. xliv—li.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. ISIS.

29 G. 2. C.49.

17 G. 3. c.93.

38 O.3. c. JC. continued.

42 G. 3. c.ioS. jo G. 3. c.119

J1G.3. c. 136. repealed a* to Application of Pur chafe Money, § ».

34 G. 3- c. 99-

jj G.3. c.77. 36 G.3. c.33. 45 G. 3. c, 72. 56 G.3. c. 38.

36 G. 3. c. "2.

repealed at to digging Turf, &c« { 5*

Town, and from Cranbornc to Coombe, with Two Branches to the Great Weftern Road, in the Counties of Dorfet and Wilts, {a)

[8th May 1818*] [New Trujlees. One Half additional Toll on Sundays. ]

Cap. xlv.

An Ad for continuing and amending an A d of His late Majefty. and Two Ads of His prefent Majefty, for repairing feveral Rends leading to and from the Town of Wincantonf and the Roads communicating therewith, in the Counties of Somerfcty Wilts and Dor-fet. (a)	[8th May 1818.]

[One Half additional Toll on Sundays.']

Cap. xlvi.

An Ad for amending Two Ads of His prefent Majefty, fo far as the fame relate to the Eftablifhment of Chapels in the Eajl% Weft and Wildmore Fens in the County of Lincoln. [8th May i8i8*j

Cap. xlvii.

An Ad to amend Two Ads, patted in the Fifty fecond and Fifty fourth Years of His prefent Majefty, for ioclofing the Foreft of 'Delamere, in the County of Chejter.	[8th May 1818.J

[His Majefy empowered to fell Hare wood Hill and Lobs Slack Jill**

meats f § 6.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Ad for increafing the Fund for carrying into Execution feveral Ads of His prefent Majefty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Levels and other Lands therein mentioned, and for improving the Navigation of the River Oufet in the County of Norfolk, and of the feveral Rivers communicating therewith.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. xlix.

An Ad for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Ad of the Thirty fixth Year of His prelent Majefty, for dividing, allotting, inclofing, draining and preferving certain Commons and Wide Grounds within the Manor and Parifh of Ramfeyt in the County of Huntingdon, and for repealing a certain Ad therein mentioned.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. 1.

An Ad for draining and improving Lands in the Parifhes of Bray. White Waltham, Shotte/brook, Lawrence Walt bam y Binfield* R*h comb* Wargrave, Remcnham and Hurley, in the Couuty of jBerksy and the Liberties of Whifley and Broad Hinton, in the Pariih of Hurfi in the Counties of Berks and Wilts. [8th Maty 1818.]

Cap• li*

An Ad for building a new Gaol and Houfe of Corredion for the City and County of the City of Exeter.	[8th May 1818.]

Cap.

A.D; 1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. lii—lx.

469

Cap. lii.

An Aft to alter and amend an Aft for ereftiog and maintaining a Bridewell, Gaol, Court Houfe and Public Offices for the Burgh of Paijley9 and County of Renfrew.	[8th May 1818.3

Cap• liii*

An Aft for enlarging the'Parifh Church and Church Yard of South-minfter in the County of EJfex.	[8th May 1818.]

Cap. liv.

An Aft for cleanfing, lighting, watching and otherwife improving the Town of Sheffield in the County of Tori. [8th May 1818.3

Cap. lv.

An Aft for lighting with Gas the City of Bath, and the Liberties and Precinfts thereof, and that Part of the Parifh of Walcot which lies without the Liberties of Bath9 and the Parifh of Batbwici, in the County of Somerfet, and for conftrufting Ga-fometers and other Works therein, and in the Parifh of Wejion, in the faid County.	[8th May 1818.3

Cap. lvi.

An Aft for lighting with Gas the Town and Neighbourhood of Leedj9 in the Borough of Leeds9 in the Weft Riding of the County of Tori.	[8th	May	1818.3

Cap• lvii.

An Aft for lighting with Gas the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham.	[8th May 1818.3

Cap. lviii.

An Aft for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Pariih of Saint Giles 9 Reading9 in the County of Beris9 and a Room for the Ufe of the Minifter in performing the Burial Service ; and for flopping up One of the Footpaths over the prefent Church Yard of tne laid Parifh.	[8th	May	1818.3

Cap. lix.

An Aft for better paving, cleanfing, lighting, watching and improving the Streets, Lanes and other Public Places and PafTages of the City of Aherdeen9 and the Roads and Avenues within the Freedom and Royalty thereof $ and for fupplying the Inhabitants of the faid City with Water.	[23d	May	1818.3

Cap. lx.

An Aft for rendering more effeftual feveral Afts of His prefent Majefty, for draining certain Low Lands on both Sides of the River Witham9 and in IVildmore Fen9 and in the IVeft and Eqfl Fens9 and other Low Lands adjoining or contiguous thereto, in the County of Lincoln.	[23d May 1818.3

Gap•

JJ G. j.c.56.

9 0.3• c.32.

41 G. 3. c. cxxxv. in ptrt repealed, *4.

43 G. 3. t.cxviii* 49 G.3.C.0U. 53 G. 3. c. ecu

Hh 3

470	Clxi,	lxii.	58“	GEO.	III.	A.D.1818.

40 G. 3. c. *)vii.

44 G. 3.

44 0.3. c.too.

45 G.3, c.lviii.

44 G«3. c.Hx.

4? G.3. c. v*

Seffl

4$ G,3. c.clvi

Cap. lxi.

An Aft for ereAing and maintaining a Harbour, and Works coo-neAed therewith, in the Bay of Portneffock, at JCtrkmasden within the Barony of Logan, in the County of Wtgfon.

[23d May 1818-]

Cap. Ixri.

An AA to amend the federal AAs paffed for making Wet Docks, Bafons, Cuts and other Works, tor the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London.	[23d	May	1818.]

WHEREAS an AA was palled in the Fortieth Year of the Reign His prefent Majefty, intituled An A8 for making Wet Docks, Bafons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London: And Whereas another A A was palled in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for raifing a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution an A3 pajfed in the Fortieth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for making Wet Docks, Bafons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London: And Whereas another A A was paffed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for warehoufng Goods within the Limits of certain Docks made under an A8 pajfed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Tears of His prefent Majefty, intituled 4 An AS for making Wet Docks, Bafons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London,’ and to make Regulations relating to the faid Docks: And Whereas another A A was paffed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS to alter and amend an AS pajfed in the Fortieth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for making Wet Docks, Bafons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of Loudon, and for extending the Powers and Provifions of the faid AS : And Whereas another AA was paffed in the Forty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS to alter and amend feveral ASs pajfed in the Fortieth, Forty fourth and Forty fifth Tears of His prefent Majefty, for making Wet Docks, Bafons, Cuts and other Works, nr e greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for other the Purpofes in the faid ASt mentioned; and for enlarging the Powers thereby granted to the London Dock Company : And Whereas another A A was paffed in the Forty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS to enable the London Dock Company to purebafe certain Waterworks in the Pa-rijhet of Stratford, Weft ham, Bow, Bromley, Mile End and Step, ney, and other Part/bes adjacent, and to amend the feveral ASt for making Wet Docks and Other Works, for the Accommodation of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London : And Whereas another A A was paffed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS to alter and

4 amend

A.Dl J818.

58° GEO. III.

C.lxii.

471

4 amend federal Ads faffed in tie Fortieth, Forty fourth. Forty fifth,

4 Forty finth and Forty feventh Tears of His prefent Maiefiy, for 4 making Iffet Docks, Bafons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater 4 Accommodation and Security of Shifting, Commerce and Revenue,

4 within the Port of London, and for other the Purpofes therein 4 mentioned relating thereto} and to enlarge the Powers and Authorities * by the fold Ads granted to the London Dock Company: And 50 G. 3. c.di.

4 Whereas another Ad was patted in the Fiftieth Year of tne Reign 4 of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for ratfing a further Sum 4 of Money for carrying into Execution the feveral Ads paffed for 4 making Wet Docks, Bafons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater 4 Accommodation and Security of Shifting, Commerce and Revenue,

4 within the Port of London : And Whereas another Ad was patted 5*	3*	c.slix.

4 in the Fifty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, in*

4 tituled An A3 for regulating the Rates and Charges to be received 4 by the London Dock Company upon Wines and Spirits landed and 4 warcbe d in the London Docks: And Whereas another Ad 3*

4 was pa 1 in the Fifty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent 4 Majefty, intituled An A3 for allowing further time for the Com-4 pletion of the Docks, Entrances and other Works and Buildings 4 belonging to the London Dock Company: And Whereas another J40.3.c.si. 4 Ad was patted in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His 4 prelent Majefty, intituled An A3 for enlarging and amending the 4 Powers and Provisions of the fevered A3s for making the Lon dp n 4 Docks : And Whereas another Ad was patted in the Fifty fifth $5 0-3*e*yh 4 Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 to 4 amend the feveral Ads paffed for making Wet Docks, Bafons,

4 Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security 4 of Shifting, Commerce and the Revenue, within the Port of Lon-4 don, and for ratfing a further Sum of Money for the Completion of 4 the faid Works: And Whereas the time withiu which the faid Com-4 pany was empowered to make and enforce Purchafes of Houfes,

4 Lands, Tenements or Premifea, for the Purpofes of the (aid Ads,

4 expired in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and feven, and 4 the time limited for the Completion of the Docks, Entrances and 4 other Works and Buildings of the faid London Dock Company,

4 under and by virtue of the laid Ad patted in the Fifty fourth 4 Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, will expire on the Twen»

4 tieth Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight 4 hundred and twenty : And Whereas it is found that the Entrance 4 to the faid Docks at the Hermitage, and the Works belonging 4 thereto, cannot be completed unlels the Powers in the faid firft 4 recited Ad contained for making Purchafes, which have expired 4 as aforefaid, be revived and continued in manner and to the Extent 4 hereinafter mentioned: And Whereas it is alfo neceflary that the 4 faid recited Ads, or fome of them, or the Provifions thereof,

4 tttould be amended, and that further and additional Powers fliould 4 be granted to the laid Company for the Completion of the faid 4 Docks and the Entrances thereto, And for rendering the Eftabliih*

4 asent of the faid Docks more effedual for the purpofes recited in 4 the (aid Ads, and that further time fhould be given for completing 4 the faid DocksMay it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be eaaded \ and be it eaaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lord* Spiritual

Hh it

and

C. lxii.

A.D.18IS

58° GEO. III.

and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled. Period fo~ Com- and by the Authority of the fame, That the Period limited by the plet on of Docks faid ]a{t recited Ad of the Fifty fourth Year aforefaid, for the Com-exunded.	pletion	of	the	faid	Docks,	Bafons, Entrances, Cuts, Quays and

Wharfs, and other Works and Buildings authorized to be made, ereded and built by the faid London Dock Company, under the faid feveral Ads, (hall be and the fame is hereby extended to the Twentieth Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and twenty three.

Former Powers H. And be ft further enaded, That all the Powers, Authorities, forc«ntinUe "	Protons, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, matters and things in

rc ‘	relation to the making, building and completing all or any ot the

Docks, Bafons, Entrances, Cuts, Quays, Wharfs and other Works and Buildings aforefaid authorized to be made under the Provifion of the faid recited Ads, or any or either of them now in force, re-la; iug to the Completion of the faid Docks of the faid London Dock Company, fhall be and remain and continue in full Force and Effed for the rurpofes of the faid feveral recited Ads and this Ad,- for the Completion of the Docks, Bafons, Entrances, Cuts, Wharfs and other Works and Buildings of the faid London Dock Company, during fuch further and extended Period as laft aforefaid, as fully fn all refpeds, and to all Intents and Purpofes, as if fuch further and extended Period had been given by the faid recited Ad of the Fifty fourth Year aforefaid, and as if all fuch Powers, Authorities, Pro-vifions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, matters and things had been feverally and fpecially and particularly re-enaded in and Part of this

Ad.

1 III. And Whereas it is found that the feveral Pieces or Parcels

*	of Land or Ground, Mefluages, Tenements.or Dwelling Houfes, ‘ and other Eredions and Buildings, or the Ground and Sod whereon

*	the fame Hand, and other the Hereditaments and Premifes herein-« after particularly mentioned and defcribed, which lie contiguous to

*	the faid Docks and Works, and are partly within and partly without

*	and beyond the Limits in the faid firft recited Ad mentioned, are

*	neceflary for the Purpofe of completing and finifhing the faid En-*' trance at the Hermitage Dock, and for the forming and making of

*	fuch Brick or Stone Wall as by the faid firft recited Ad is required

*	and direded to be made and built, for furrounding and inclofing the

*	Bafon and other Works at fuch Entrance, fo far as the fame fhall

*	or may he ufed for the unloading of Ships, and in order that fuch

*	Wall may not be built within Tefs than Thirty Feet of any fur-

The Company	* rounding Buildings	Be it therefore further enaded, That at any

empowered to	time or times within	the Term of Five Years from the time of the

Land ^ m°re	Pa®n8 this Ad, it	(hall be lawful for the Diredors and Managers

an *	of the Concerns of the faid Company, or any Thirteen or more of

them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to contrad and agree, and to employ any Perfon or Perfons to contrad and agree with the Owner or Owners, Occupier ot Occupiers of, and to pur-chafe from them for the Purpofes of the faid recited Ads and of this Ad, the feveral Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground, with the Meffuages or Dwelling Houfes, Workfhop, Yard* and other Hereditaments hereinafter defcribed and more particularly mentioned; that is to fay, a certain angular Piece of Land or Ground on the Wellern Side, and being Part of the Yard belonging to the Cooperage

A.D.1818.

58® GEO. III.

C. bi’i.

473

of Meflieurs Hovil and Tumor on the Northern Side of Hermitage Street, and containing on the South Eaftern Side thereof Fifty two Feet of Aflize, little more or lefs, and being in the Parifti of Saint John, IVapping ; alfo a certain other angular Piece of Ground, together with Part of a Shed thereon, alfo conilituting and forming Part of the faid Yard, and containing on the South Eaftern Side thereof Sixty two Feet of Affize, little more dr lefs, and like wife fituate on the Weftern Side of the fame Yard ; and alfo a certain Piece of Land or Ground now vacant and unoccupied, and a Mefluage or Dwelling Houfe, Workftiop and Yard, with the Appurtenances thereto belonging, now alfo vacant and unoccupied, fituate on the Southern Side of Redmead Lane, and numbered Eighteen and Nineteen, the fame being fituate in the Parifti of Saint George, Middlefex, commonly called Saint George in the Eajl; and all the faid Pieces or Parcels of Land, Mefluages or Dwelling Houfes, Work (hops. Yards and Premifes, being within the Limits in the faid firft recited Aft mentioned and fet forth; and alfo all thofe Five Mefluages or Dwelling Houfes, with their refpeftive Appurtenances, fituate on the Northern Side of IVapping High Street aforefaid, and numbered refpeftively Seven, Eight, Nine, Ten and Eleven; and alfo all thofe Five Mefluages or Dwelling Houfes, with their refpeftive Appurtenances, fituate in Half Moon Court, numbered refpeftively Eight, Nine, Ten, Eleven and Twelve, together with the Meffiiage or Tenement with the Appurtenances, in the faid Court, numbered Thirteen, and extending Eaftward from the faid Court to the Rear or Back Part of the Mefluage or Dwelling Houfe numbered Ten, on the Weftern Side of Little Hermitage Street; and alfo the Mefluage or Dwelling Houfe, with the Appurtenances, fituate on the Weftern Side of Little Hermitage Street aforefaid, now or late in the Occupation of Gloag j all which faid Twelve Mefluages or Dwelling Houfes and Premifes laft mentioned, are in the Parifti of Saint John IVapping aforefaid, and lie without and beyond the Limits in the faid firft recited Aft mentioned, and together with the faid Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground, Mefluage or Dwelling Houfe, and Premifes hereinbefore mentioned, are found requifite to be purchafed, taken, pulled down and removed, and the Ground or Soil thereof made ufe of for the forming, making and completing of the Bafon and Entrance to the faid Docks at or near the Hermitage aforefaid, and the furrounding Wall or Space, and other Works neceflary thereto.

IV.	And be it further enafted. That if the Owner or Owners, Leflee or Leflees, Occupier or Occupiers of the Dwelling Houfe, Counting Houfe, Workihops, Cooperage, Sheds, Garden and Yard on the Northern Side of Great Hermitage Street, known by the Name of Hovil and Tumor's Cooperage, and now in their Occupation, ftiould be unwilling to fell or difpofe of the feveral Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground herein before deferibed as a certain angular Piece of Land or Ground on the Weftern Side, and being Part of the Yard belonging to the faid Cooperage, and as a certain other angular Piece of Land or Ground, together with Part of a Shed thereon, and conftituting and forming other Part of the faid Yard, or of their Rights or Interefts therein, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Direftors and Managers of the Concerns of the London Dock Company, or any Thirteen or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, at the Option of any Owner or Owners,

Leflee

Company to purchafe whole of Premifes if required.

474

C. lxii.

58° GEO. III.

A.IX1818.

Leflee or LefTees, Occupier or Occupiers thereof to purchafe the whole of fuch Ground, Mefiuages, Cooperage, Buildings and Prettifies, and the Rights and Interefts of* any of fuch Perfons therein refped-ively; and if fuch Owner or Owners, Leffee or LefTees, Occupier or Occupiers, or any of them refpedively, (hall not or cannot agree with the faid London Dock Company for the Price or Prices to be paid for the Purchafe of the whole of fuch Ground, Mefluages, Cooperage, Buildings and Premifes, Rights and Interefts refpedively as aforefaid, then the Value thereof refpedively (hall b£ fettled and ascertained by a Jury or Juries, in fuch manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in purfuance of the faid recited Ada and this Ad is directed to be fettled and ascertained by the faid firft recited Ad and this Ad ; and all fuch other Proceedings (hall take place refped-ing the faid Ground, Mefiuages, Cooperage, Buildings and Premifes, Rights and Interefts aforefaid refpedively, and the Money to be paid for the Purchafe thereof refpedively, as are mentioned and direded in the faid firft recked Ad and this Ad with refped to the Premifes the Value whereof (hall be ascertained by a Jury or Juries in manner aforefaid.

V.	And be it further enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful for xlvii. tk* Diredors and Managers of the Concerns of the faid Company, extended to this* or any Thirteen or more of them, and they are hereby authorised Art.	and empowered, by themfelves, their Engineer, Surveyors, Agents

and Workmen, and any other or otherB with whom they (hall or may contrad and agree in the Premifes, to have, ufe and esercsfe, from henceforth and during the faid further Period of Five Years, hereby granted, fuch and the fame or the like Powers and Authorities for the Completion tif the faid Entrance at the Hermitage aforefaid, and for the making, enforcing and completing of fuch Purchafe* as aforefaid, and carrying into Execution the Purpofes of the (aid Ads and of this Ad, and for the obtaining, taking Pofieffion of, and ufing and employing the faid Dock called Hermitage Dock, and Bridge, with all its Rights and Boundaries in the faid firft recited Ad mentioned, and alfo all and fingular the faid Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground, Mefiuages or Dwelling Houfes, Yard, Hereditaments and Premifes hereby authorised to be purchafed as aforefaid, as by the firft Ad recited were given to the faid Diredors during the Tfcrm of Years by the faid Ad fimited as aforefaid $ and all and fingular the Powers, Authorities, Provilions,' Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, matters and things in the faid recited Ads or any of them contained, (hall be in full Force and Effed in relation to and for the Purpofes of the faid recited Ads and of this Ad, from henceforth and during the faid further Period of Five Years hereby granted, as fully, beneficially and effedually, and in the fame or the Eke manner in all Ref-peds (except as far as the fame is or are bv this Ad altered or varied), as if the fame and every Part thereof bad been included in the faid firft recited Ad, and as if the faid further Period of Five Years had been granted by the faid firft recited Ad, and continued by the faid fubfequent Ads or any of them, and as if the fame were feverally and fpecially re-enaded in and formed Part of this Ad; any thing in the faid recited Ads or any or either of them contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

Exrenrei of	VI. And be it further enaded, That in cafe any Jury or Juries to

jonss how to be be fummoned and (worn purfuant to the Directions and under the Au-ptkt	thority

A.D.1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. lxii.

475

thority of the faid recited Afts and of this Aft, fhall give in and deliver a Verdift or AfTcffment for more Money, as a Recompence and Satisfaftion to any Perfon or Perfons for his, her or their Right,

Intereft or Property in any fnch Lands or Hereditaments as afore -faid, or for any Lofs or Damage to be fuftained by any fuch Perfon or Perfons, than what (hall have been agreed to and offered by or on behalf of the faid London Dock Company, as a Recompence and Satisfaftion for any fuch Right, Intereft and Property, or for any Lofs or Damage as afore faid, before the fummoning and returning of fuch Jury, then and in every fuch cafe of Difference the Colts and Expences of fummoning and maintaining the Jury and Witneffes, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of fuch Difference, (nail be borne and paid by the faid London Dock Company, or their Treafurer for the time being; but if any Jury or Juries fo to be fummoned and fworn (hall give in and deliver a Verdift or Affeffment for no more or for lefs Money than (hall before the fummoning and returning of fuch Jury or Juries have been agreed to and offered by or on the behalf of the (aid London Dock Company, as a Recompence and Satisfaftion' for any fuch Right, Intereft or Property, or Lofs or Damage as aforefaid, that then the Cofts and Expences of fummoning and maintaining the Jury and Witneffes, and all other Expences as aforefaid, (hall be borne and paid by the Perfon or Perfons with whom the faid London Dock Company (hall have fuch Difference, which Cofts and Expences (having been ascertained and fettled by fome one Juftice of the Peace of the faid County of Middlefex> not interefted in the matter in cgueftion, who is hereby required to examine and fettle the fame at a time and Place to be by him appointed, after fummoning the Parties interefted to attend him for that Purpofe) (hall and may be dedufted out of tbe Money fo affeffed and adjudged, as fo much Money advanced to and for the Ufe of fuch Perfon or Perfons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of fuch Monies fhall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purpofes, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums fo affeffed and adjudged ; or otherwife fuch Cofts and Expences, in cafe the fame be not paid upon Demand, after being fo afeertained and fettled as aforefaid, (hall and may be recovered by the Treafurer of the faid Company, by fuch Ways and Means as in and by the faid recited Afts are provided for tne Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures incurred under the faid recited Afts: .Provided always, that in all cafes where any Perfon or Perfons fhall by reafon of Abfence have been prevented from treating, the whole of fuch Cofts and Expences fhall be borne by the faid London Dock Company, and paid by their Treafurer for the time being.

* VII. And Whereas in and by the faid Aft paffed in the Fortieth 40 G. 3. c. ilv»%

*	Year of the Reign of His Majefty, it was among other things $

*	enafted, that if the faid Dock Company fhould at any time make reFMl#d'

* a Cut aero fa Wrapping Street, at or near the Hermitage, into a Bafon

*	or Bafons within the fame, they fhould be compellable to make, fet

*	up and maintain in perpetual Repair, a Bridge, Drawbridge or ‘ Swingbridge, in the Line of tapping Street, acrofs the faid Her-8 mitage9 and alfo on the Wharf or Space between the (aid intended 4 Bafon or Bafons, Dock or Docks, at or nearly adjoining the Line 4 of Direftkm from Hermitage Street to the South End of Njgbt-‘ ingale Lane, fo as to preferve the Certainty of conftantly paling

« to

47 6

C. lxii.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 18iS.

One Swing Cit-riage Bridge to be erected near the Hermitage, inftead of the Two Bridget dire&ed by 40 G. 3. c. xlvii. § 29.

47 0.3. Sefl*. 2. c. lxxii

!n what cafe the London Dock Company to provide new Lines of AqueduQs, fcC* i

to be made of Cift Iron, Directions for lay* ing down the fame, <Scc.; and alfo to provide Cocks, Valves, &c.$

I

4 to and through the Hermitage, by one of the Bridges being (hut at

*	the time that the other might be open : And Whereas it is found

*	that fuch Two Bridges as m the faid Aft mentioned will not be at-

*	tended with any Benefit or Convenience to Commerce, or to the In-4 habitants of the Parifhes and Parts adjoiningBe it therefore further enafted, That fo much of the faid Aft as direfts the making of the faid Two Bridges in the faid Aft mentioned, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed ; and that in lieu thereof the faid Dock Company (hall be compelled to make, and (hall make, ereft, fet up and maintain in perpetual Repair, over and acrofs the Entrance Lock now forming and making or about to be formed and made at the Hermitage Dock aforefaia, and as near as , may be to the Centre of the faid Lock, One Swing Carriage Bridge for Carts, Carriages, Horfes and Perfons palling over and acrofs the faid Lock.

• VIII. And Whereas by the making of the Bafon and Entrance

*	Lock at the Hermitage hereinbefore mentioned, the Aquedufts,

*	Mains or Service Pipes belonging to the Company of Proprietors 4 of the Eajl London Waterworks, incorporated by an Aft made in 4 the Forty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty,

*	intituled An A3 for better Supplying with Water the Inhabitants 4 of the Parifhes of Stratford Bow, otherwi/e Stratford le Bow, Saint 4 John Hackney, Saint Mary lflington, Saint Matthew Bethnal 4 Green, and feveral other Parifhes, Hamlets, Town/bips and Placu 4 adjacent or near thereunto in the Counties of Middlesex and EfTex, 4 and which now fupply with Water the Inhabitants of that Part of 4 the Parifh of Saint John Wapping, in the County of Middlefex, 4 which lies between the faid Hermitage Bafon and Entrance Lock, 4 and the Entrance of the London Docks at Bell Dock9 will be cut 4 off, whereby the faid Inhabitants would be deprived of the (aid 4 Supply of Water, and the faid Company of Proprietors of the Ea£ 4 London Waterworks fullain great Injury, unlefs Provifion be made 4 to prevent the fame Be it therefore enafted, That wherever the faid Bafon or Entrance Lock (hall crofs, interfeft or cut through any of the Aquedufts, Mains or Service Pipes of the faid Company of Proprietors of the Eaft London Waterworks which (hall have been funk, laid or ufed for fupplying any of the Inhabitants aforefaid with Water, the faid London Dock Company (hall and they are hereby required to provide, lay down and carry through, under or acrofs fuch Bafon or Entrance Lock, and for the Space of Twenty Feet at the lead on each Side thereof, a new Line or Lines of good and fufficient Aquedufts, Mains and Service Pipes, in lieu and inftead of thofe which (hall or may be fo crofted, interfered, cut through or removed, and join and conneft or caufe the fame to be properly joined and connefted with the Aquedufts, Mains and Service Pipes, from whence the faid Aquedufts, Mains and Service Pipes fo crofted, interfefted or cut through (hall be removed, all which new Line or Lines of Aquedufts, Mains and Service Pipes (hall be made of Caft Iron, of not lefs than Seven Inches Diameter in the Bore, and (hall be laid down and carried in the fame Line or Direftion as the Aquedufts, Mains and Service Pipes which (hall be fo crofted, interfefted, cut through or removed, or as near thereto as (hall be convenient; and the faid London Dock Company (hall and they are hereby alfo required to find and provide and caufe to be connefted with the faid new or other Aquedufts, Mains and Service Pipes, at

or

A.D.1818.

58° GEO. III.

C.lxii.

477

or near the Place or Places where the fame fhall crofs or in ter fe ft the Bafon or Entrance Lock aforefaid9 fuch and fo many fit and proper Cocks, Valves, Pumps or other Devices or Contrivances, as (hall or may be necefiary for the preventing of Stoppages or Ob-ftruftions, and for the more convenient and effeftual Removal thereof from and out of the faid Aquedufts, Mains and Service Pipes ; and Fourteen Days’ Notice in Writing fhall be given to the Clerk of the faid Company of Proprietors, previous to the Removal or Alteration of any Aquedufts, Mains or Service Pipes belonging to the faid Company of Proprietors, or the laying down of any new or other Aquedufts, Mains or Service Pipes; and all fuch new and other Aquedufts, Mains and Service Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, Valves and other Works, Devices and Contrivances, fhall from thenceforth become and be deemed and taken to be the Property of the faid Company of Proprietors, and to which they the faid Company of Proprietors, their SuccefTors and Affigns, or their Engineers, Officers, Servants and~Workmen, fhall at all feafonable times have full, free and convenient Accefs for the Purpofe of examining, cleaning, renewing, reinftating and repairing the fame, as often as there may be Occafion, the faid London Dock Company making reafonable Compenfation and Satisfaction to the faid Company of Proprietors for any extra Coils, Charges or Expences which they the faid Company of Proprietors, their SuccefTors or Affigns, fhall or may be put to in the repairing, cleanfing, renewing or reinflating of fuch new or other Aquedufts, Mains or Service Pipes, and other Works as aforefaid; provided alfo, that whenever it may be necefTary for the Repair or Alteration of any of the faid Aquedufts, Mains or Service Pipes, that the Dock called the Hermitage Dock fhould be emptied of the Water contained therein, and that Ships or VefTels fhould at that time be lying in the faid Dock, of fuch a Built or Conftruftion as to render it dangerous for fuch Ships or VefTels not to lie afloat therein, then the faid London Dock Compay fhall not be required to draw off the Water from the faid Dock until after the Expiration of Three Tides from the Delivery of Notice, to be given for that Purpofe by the faid Company of Proprietors of the Eqft London Waterworks to the faid London Dock Company, at the Superin-tend ant’s Office in the faid Docks, or at the Houfe of the Dock Matter of the faid London Dock Company, and the faid London Dock Company fhall then caufe the Water to be drawn off from the faid Dock within the Period before mentioned.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing in the faid recited Afts or in this Aft contained fhall extend or be conflrued to extend to authorize or empower the faid London Dock Company or any Perfon afting under them, to cut off, break, alter, remove or take away any of the Aquedufts, Mains, Service Pipes or other Works of or belonging to the faid Company of Proprietors of the Eqfl London Waterworks, or do any A a, matter or thing whatfoever, to impede the PafTage or Supply of Water into or through fuch Aquedufts, Mains or Service Pipes, until a new Line ' or Lines of good and fufficient Aquedufts, Mains and Service Pipes, with all fuch Cocks, Valves, Pumps or other Devices and Contrivances as aforefaid, fhall be made and conflrufted, fixed, laid down and ready to be joined and connefted with the Aauedufts, Mains and Service Pipes, from which the fame fhall be, or (nail be intended

to

and to give Notice of removing Aqueduti*, &c.

Eaft London Company may have Accefs to cleanfe, &c. Aquedufts, fcc.

Provifo where necetLry to empty Hermitage Dock for repairing any of the fAid Aqueduct, See.

London Dock Company not to cut off Supply o Water to the Eali London Company.

C. IxiL

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 181*.

Mode of executing the Works at the Kxpence of the I ondon Dock Company for protecting the Haft London Waterworks.

Provifo for Rights of F.a(l London Wa er Company.

Treafurer may give Releafes to Perfons produced as Wit-nefTes in Actions, &c. by or on behalf of London Dock Company*

to be cut off, broken or removed; and fucb Aquedn&s, Mwa or Service Pipes fo cut off, fevered or divided, (hall be joined nod caa-ncdcd with as much Expedition as the Nature of the Work will admit, fo as to occaiion as little Inconvenience as poffible to the Inhabitants of the Places fupphed with Water by Meant of the laid Aquedufts, Mains and Service Pipes.

X.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaftcd, That the Works hereby direfted to be done or performed by the (aid Isadw Dock Company for the Proteftion and Security of the (aid Aquedads, Mains, Service Pipes and other Works of the faid Company of Proprietors of the Eafl London Waterworks, (hall be executed at the Expence of the faid London Dock Company, to the mutual Satisfaction of Two Engineers, one to be appointed by the laid Inmdmw Dock Company, and the other by the faid Company of Proprietors of the Eafl Loudon Waterworks $ and in cafe fuch Two Engineers cannot agree in refpeft to all or any of the feveral matters afarefaid, then the fame (hall be determined by a Third indifferent Engineer, to be appointed by the Two firft named Engineers, as Umpire, before they (hall proceed to aft in the Execution of the Powers hereby retted in them, other wife than by the Appointment of fuch Umpire, who (hall and be is hereby required to determine any matter in difpute that may be referred to him by the faid Engineers, within Seven Days after fuch Reference, and hie Determination therein (hall be final and conclufive.

XI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained (hall be con (trued or taken to hinder or obftruft the Company of Proprietors of the Eafi London Waterworks, their Succeffors or Affigns, from holding, ufing, exercifing or enjoying all fuch Right, Title, Eftate, Interest, Powers, Privileges and Advantages whatsoever, which the faid Company of Proprietors now lawfully have or may claim, or which they, their Succeffors or Affigns at any time hereafter may, can or ought lawfully to have, hold, claim, ufe, exercife or enjoy by virtue of the faid lad recited Aft, made in the Forty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and alfo by virtne of an Aft made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A8 to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Eafl London Waterworks to purchafe certain other Waterworks, and to amend an A8 of the Forty feventh Tear of His prefent Majefty* relating to the faid Eafl London Waterworks, or either of them ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

XIL And be it further enafted, That m all Aftions, Suits at Law or in Equity, and in all Proceedings under the faid Afts or this Aft or otherwife, for any Claim or Compenfation again ft or for or on behalf of the faid Company, and alfo iu all Profecutioiis commenced or inftituted by or on behalf of the faid London Dock Company, and in all Arbitrations, References or other Proceedings in or confequent upon or arifing out of any of fuch Aftions and Suits or Proceedings, it (hall be lawful for the Treafurer for the time being of the faid London Dock Company, in his own Name, for and on behalf of the faid Company, to make, (ign, feal, execute aad deliver all and every fuch general or other Rdeafe or Releafes as may be or be deemed to be necefiary for the Purpofe of exonerating, releafing and difohargmg all and every or any Perfoa or

if	Perfons

58° GEO. Ill,

C.bcii»

479

Perfons who fhall or may be produced as a Wrtnefs or Witneffes in any fuch A&ions, Suits, Profecutions, Arbitrations, References or other Proceedings as aforefaid, from all or any Claims or Demands, which may be necefiary to be releafed by the faid Company, to qualify fuch Perfbn or Perfons to give Evidence as a Witnefs or Witneffes in any fuch A&ions, Suits, Profecutions, Arbitrations, References or other Proceedings aforefaid; and alfo in any fuch A&ion, Suit, Profecution, Arbitration, Reference or other Proceedings, to do any other Ad, matter or thing which any Plaintiff or Defendant might do in any Adion, Suit, Profecution, Arbitration, Reference or other Proceeding 5 and every fuch Releafe, Ad, matter and thing refpedively, fhall be as valid and efiiedual in all Refpeds, and to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the palling

of this Ad, if any Lighter, Boat or other Craft, either after having any Goods taken or unladen thereout, or which fhall enter or be in the faid Docks for the Purpofe or under Pretext of taking or carrying Goods from or out of the faid Docks, or for any other Purpofe or under any other Pretext whatfoever, fhall remain or continue empty in the faid Docks for any longer Space or time than Twenty four Hours, k fhall be lawful for the Dock Mailer or Dock Makers of the faid Company, or their or any of their Affiffants or Servants, to give Notice in Writing to any Owner or Owners of Inch Lighter, Boat or other Craft, by Delivery of foch*Notice to him, her or them, or by leaving the fame at his or their Dwelling Houle, Counting Houle or Place of carrying on Trade, or by Delivery	thereof to	the Perfon	or	Perfons in charge

of fuch Lighter, Boat	or	other	Craft, if any	there lhall be, to

remove fuch Lighter, Boat or other Craft from and out of the faid Docks ; and if any fuch Lighter, Boat or other Craft lhall not be removed from and	out	of the	faid Docks	within Twelve Hours

after fuch Notice lhall	be	given,	the Owner	or	Owners of every

fuch Lighter, Boat or other Craft, lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings for the Firft Twenty four Hours, and the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every further Period of Twenty four Hours, during which any fuch Lighter, Boat or other Craft lhall remain and continue in the faid Docks contrary to the Provisoes herein contained, the Payment whereof lhall and may be enforced and recoverable in fuch manner as any other Penalty or Penalties of the like Amount or Amounts is or are recoverable by or under the faid recited Ada.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That all Goods, Wares or Merchandize which, from and after the paffing of this Ad, lhall be landed in the faid Docks called The London Docks, fhall, when fo landed, continue and be fubjed or liable to fuch and the fame Claim for Freight, in favour of the Mailer and Owner or Owners of the refpe&ive Ships or Veffek from or out of which fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize lhall be fo landed, as fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandise refpedively were fubied and liable to whilk the fame were on board fuch Ships or Veffeis, and before the landing thereof; and the Diredors of the faid London Dock Company, or their Servants or Agents, lhall and may and they are hereby authorized, ^empowered and required, upon due Notice in that behalf given to them by fuch Maker or Makers, or Owner or Owners, to detain

and

Regulations as to Lighters and Craft remaining empty in the Docks, &c.

If not removed on Notice by Dock Mailer, Penalty.

Goods landed in London Docks to remain fub-je&to Freight;

and may be detained by Directors of Companies on Notice from Perfons claiming Freight.

430

C. Ixii—lxvii.

58° GEO. III.

A. D. 1818.

Payment for totting of Wines

Jf Works are not completed. Powers of A6t to ceile.

Public a a

and keep fuch Goods, Ware* and Merchandize in the Warehouff? of the faid London Dock Company, until the refpeftive Freight; to which the fame (hall be fubjeft and liable as aforefaid fhall be duly paid or fatisfied, together with the Rates and Charges to which the fame (hall have become fubjeft and liable.

* XV. And Whereas under the Provifions contained in the Schf-4 dule (A.) annexed to the faid recited Aft, pafled in the Fifty fill 4 Year of His Majefty's Reign, the Importers or Owners of Wine* * in Store in the faid Docks have been fubjefted to pay for the tailing 4 of all fuch Wines: And Whereas great Inconvenience and Lodes 4 to the Proprietors of fuch Wines have accrued in confequence 4 thereofBe it therefore further enafted, That from and after the paffing of this Aft, every Perfon making Application at the (aid Docks to tafte Wines in Store, under any written Order from tbe Proprietor thereof, (hall, at or before the time of fuch tailing, pay for every Calk of Wine to be fo tailed, the Charge by the (aid Aft required to be paid in refpeft of fuch tailing.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That in cafe the Works intended to be carried into effeft under the Authority of this Aft, (hall not be completed fo as to anfwer the Objefts of this Aft within the time by this Aft limited for the Completion thereof, all the Powers and Authorities given by this A£l for pur-chafing Lands and Hereditaments, and erefting the Works hereby authorized, (hall thenceforth ceafe and determine, fave only as to fo much of fuch Land as (hall have been purchafed, or'fuch Works as (hall have been completed, within that time.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpedally pleaded.

Cap, lxiii.

An Aft for making a Railway from the Hay Railway near EardiJlej, in the County of Hereford* to the Lime Works near BurKnjU, in the County of Radnor,	[23d May	1818.]

Cap, lxiv.

An Aft for lighting with Gas the Univerfity and City of Oxford* and the Suburbs of tne faid City.	[23d	May 1818.]

Cap, lxv.

An Aft for lighting with Gas the Town and Pariih of Sheffield, in the County of Tori,	[23d	May 1818.]

Cap, lxvi.

An Aft for lighting with Gas the Port and Town of Liverpool and Townihip 0? Toxteth Pari, in the County of Lane offer,

[23d May 1818.]

Cap, lxvii.

An Aft for lighting the City and Suburbs of Edinburgh and Pbces adjacent with Gas.	[23d	May	181S.]

13	Caf,

A/D. 1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. lxviii.

481

Cap. lxviii.

An A€t for enabling the Southwark Bridge Company to raife a further Sum of Money, and to amend the Alta for building the faid Bridge.	[23d	May	1818.]

WHEREAS an Aft was palled in the Fifty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for ereSing 4 a Bridge over the River Thames, from or near The Three Cranes in 4 the Parishes of Saint James, Garlick Hithe, and Saint Martin * Vintry, tn the City of London, to the oppofite Bank of the faid 4 Rivert in the Parijh of Saint Saviour, in the County of Surrey, 4 and for making proper Streets and Avenues to communicate therewith : 4 And Whereas an Adi was palled in the Fifty third Year of the c Reign of Hit faid Majefty, intituled An AS to amend an AS pajfed 4 in the Fifty firft Tear of His prefent Majefty, for ereSing a Bridge 4 over the River Thames, from the City of London, to the oppofite 4 Bank, in the Parijh of Saint Saviour, in the County of Surrey : * And Whereas an Adi was palled in the Fifty fixth Year of the 4 Reign of His faid Majefty, intituled An AS to amend Two ASs 4 of His prefent Majefty, for ereSinf a Bridge over the River Thames, 4 from the City of London to the oppofite Bank in the County of Surrey : • And Whereas the faid Company have proceeded in the Execution 4 of the feveral Works authorized by the faid recited Adis, and • have nearly completed the faid Bridge, and Part of the Roads 4 therein mentioned : And Whereas for the more fpeedy and effedlual 4 Completion of the Remainder of the faid Bridge, Roads and 4 Works, it will be expedient that the faid Company fhouM be autho-4 rized to raife a further Sum of Money, and that the faid Adis 4 Ihould be amended May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, that it may be enadled, and be it enadled by The King's Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament alTembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That it lhall and may be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to raife a further Sum of Money not exceeding One hundred thoufand Pounds over and above the Sums authorized to he raifed by the faid Adis, in manner hereinafter mentioned $ and by all, or any or either of the Ways or Means by which the faid Company are authorized to raife any Money, by virtue of the faid recited A&9, o* either of them.

II. And be it further enadled, That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors, and they are nereby authorized and empowered, from time to time to grant any Bond or Bonds, under the Common Seal of the faid Company of Proprietors, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not being lefs than the Sum of One hundred Pounds on each Bond, with Intereft for the fame not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be raifed and colle&ed by virtue of the faid recited Adis, not exceeding in the whole the faid Sum of One hundred thoufand Pounds.

III. And be it further enadled, That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the Committee or Court of Diredtion of the faid Company, from time to time to make Sale and difpofe of all or any of the laid Bonds to be granted as mforefaid, either by Private Contrail or Public Sale, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, for the bell Price 58 Geo. III.	I	i	or

51 G. 3- c.dxvi.

530.3*.

c. lxxivii.

56 G. 3. c. xi.

Power to raife an additional Sum of Money.

Company may grant Bonds.

Power to fell f.ich Bonds.

482

C. lxviii.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

Holden of Bonds to (land on equal Footing.

Company may renew prcmif-fory Notes iflued under former Alts.

General Power to raife Money remaining to be raifed under former Alls.

Royal Family free from Toll.

Former Alls extended to this

A a.

or Prices in Money that can be reasonably had or obtained for the fame, or to hypothecate, mortgage and affign the fame as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money lent or advanced thereon, fuch Alignments to be entered by the Clerk to the faid Company in manner directed by the faid firft recited Ad, with fefpeH to Affign-ments of Mortgages or Annuities*

IV. Provided always and he it further enacted, That the Holders of fuch Bonds (hall ftand upon the fame Footing the one with the other, in refped of their Right to the Payment ot the Intereft upon fuch Bonds, without any Priority among themfelvts, notwit h (landing the Sums of Money for which fuch Bonds (hall have been iflued may have been advanced at different times.

4 V* And Whereas the faid Company were authorised in and by 4 the faid recited Add, or fome or one of them, to raife Money by

*	Promiflbry Notes under the Common Seal of the faid Company,

*	and it may be found convenient for the Purpofes of the faid Com-

*	party that fuch Notes (hould be renewed from time to time;’ Be it therefore further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the (aid Company, from time to time as Occaflon (hall require, to renew any Promiffory Notes already iffued, or which (hall or may be hereafter iffued by the faid Company, by iffuing other Promiflbry Note or Notes under the Common Seal of the (hid Company in Bern thereof, as to the faid Company or their Committee or Court of Dire&ion (hall Teem meet and convenient*

VI. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company to raife all or any Part of the Monies authorised to be raifed by the faid recited Ads, or either of them, and which now remains to be raifed by all or any of the Ways by which the faid Company are authorised to raife any Money by the faid recited Ads, or either of them, or by this Ad, and alfo to dif-pofe of any of the Shares authorized to be created hi and by the (aid recited Ads, as now remain unfold or unappropriated $ and allb the Shares authorised to be created by this Ad» or fuch Part or Pam thereof as they may deem expedient, at and for fuch Price and Prices per Share, and to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Committee mall from time to time think proper.

VII* And be it further enaded, That no Toll (hall be demanded or taken for any Horfes or Carriages belonging to Their Majefties or any of the Royal Family, or any of the Horles of His Majefty’s Guards, or any Horfes or Carriages conveying Perfons regularly attending their Majefties or any of the Royal Family*

VIII* And be it further enaded, That the faid recited Ada of the Fifty firft, Fifty third and Fifty fixtk Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provifions, Regulations, Privileges, Penalties, Forfeitures, matter* and things whatfoever therein contained, (o far as the fame are not hereby altered or repealed, (hall extend, and be deemed and conftmed to extend, to operate and be in full Force and Effed with refped to all matters and things to be done, or which (hall arife in the Execution of this Ad, as fully and effedu&lly to all Intents and Purpofes at if the fame and every of them, and every Part thereof, were repeated and re-enaded in this Ad, and made Part thereof*

4 IX* And Whereas the faid Company have made and coaftni&ed

*	certain Parts of the Roads at each End of the Bridge upon Arches,9

Be

A.D. 1818.	58° GEO. III.	C. lxviii—lxxiv.

Be it farther enaded, That the faid Company (hall have full Power and Authority to grant a Leafe or Leafes of the faid Arches, or any of them, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, for fuch Term or Terms of Years, and for fuch Confiderations, or Rents or other Corapenfationa as to the faid Company (hall feem meet; and the Amount of fuch Confiderations, Rents or Compenfations (hall be paid, applied and difjpofed of as the Tolls received upon the faid Bridge are by the laid recited Ads direded to be applied and difpofed of.

X.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall be deemed and taken to be a Public Ad, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

Cap. Ixix.

An Ad for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Bromley in the County of Surrey, to Ridgewick in the County of Suffex. (a)

[13d May 1818.] [One Half additional Toll on Sunday*."]

Cap. Ixx.

An Ad for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Uherftone to KendaU into the Turnpike Road leading from Milltborp to Kendal, and a Continuation of the faid Road from the laft mentioned Turnpike Road to join the Turnpike Road leading from Lancafter to Kendal. (£)

[23d May 1818.] [One Half additional Toll on Sunday*.]

Cap. lxxi.

An Ad for more effedually converting into Money the Statute Labour in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright ; for repairing the Highways, Bridges and Ferries therein ; aud for making and maintaining certaiu Turnpike Roads within the faid Stewartry. (£)

[23d May 1818.^

Cap. lxxii.

An Ad for repairing the Road from Chipping Campden, in the Covaty of GloueeJUr% to Clifford Side Gate in the Parifh of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick. (6)	[23d	May	1818.]

Cap. lxxiii.

An Ad to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of feveral Ads for repairing the Roads from Bqfingjtoke9 through Popbam Lane, Sutton Scotney and Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lebcomb Corner, in the County of Wilt*, (t)

[23d May 1818. J

[ Additional Trujlee*. ]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Ad to alter and amend an Ad pafled in the Forty third Year of His Majcfty’s Reign, for railing a Fund for making Provifion for the Widows of the Writers to His Majefty’s Signet in Scotland.	[23d	May	1818.]

I i 2	Cap.

4 S3

Company may leafe Arches under (he Roads.

Public A£h

aoG.3.c.24. 3*» G. 3. c. 15. repealed.

23 G. a. c.46. 16 G. 3. c. 67. 37 G.3. c. 150. continued for 21 Years, fee.

43 G. 3. c. evil.

484

C. lxxv—Ixxx.

A.D.1818.

58° GEO. lit,

5*0.3:

c.clndii.

41 G. 3.c.l*xvi. continued for it Years, dec.

41 ©. 3. (U. K.) c. cxvi.

18 G.l. C.31. repealed as to poorer to Truf-teta to adminif-ter Oaths, $ 33. 17 G.3. e.96. 33 O* 3* c* »*9-50 G. 3. c. xcvii. continued for 11 Years, he.

31 O.3.C.41.

Cap. lxxv.

An Ad to explain and amend an Ad of the Fifty fecond Year of Hia prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for the Improvement of the Harbour of Kidwelly, and for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal or Tramroads in Kiawelly ana Llanelly, and other Part/hes therein mentioned, in the County of Carmarthen; and to alter and enlarge the Powers thereof.	[28th	May 1818.3

Cap. lxxvi.

An Ad to continue the Term, and to amend, alter and enlarge the Powers of an Aa pafled in the Forty fecond Year of Hia prefent Majefty’s Reign, for repealing an Aa of the Twenty fifth Year of His faid prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads from the Stones9 End in Blackman Street in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate in the County of Sujfex9 and other Roads therein mentioned ; and for making a new Road from Kenning ton Lane to Camberwell Green, in the faid County of Surrey. (c)	[28th	May 1818.]

[.Additional TrufleesJ\

Cap. lxxvii.

An Ad to amend and render more effedual an Ad pafled in the Forty firft Year of His prefent Majefty, for draining, dividing and inclofing a Common called Crowland Common, otherwife Goggu/h-land, and certain Open Half Year’s Meadow, Commonable and Wafte Grounds, called the Wajhes and Fodder Loti, in, adjoining or near the Townihip of Crowland, in the County of Lincoln.

[30th May 1818.]

Cap. Ixxviii.

An Ad for repairing, widening and improving the Lower Road leading from the Town of Greenwich to the Town of Woolwich, in the County of Kent. (b)	(30th	May 1818.]

[The Royal Family free from Tolls f]

Cap• Ixxix.

An Ad to enlarge the Term and Powers of Four Ads of His late and prefent Majefty, for repairing feveral Roads leading to, through and from the Town of Monmouth ; and for making Two Pieces of Road to communicate therewith, (c)	[tft	June 1818.]

[Our Half additional Toll on Sundays. 2

Cap• lxxx.

An Ad to provide additional Salaries to the prefent Clerks in the Report Office of the High Court of Chancery, and to provide additional Clerks for the faid Office; and for making further Provifion for the Clerks in the laid Office. [3d June 1818.]

*	\\] HEREAS by virtue of an Ad pafled in the Thirty fecond

4 VV Year of the Reign of Hia prefent Majefty, intituled An

•	AS to embower the High Court of Chancery to lay out a further

*	Sum of the Suitors9 Money upon prober Securities, and for applying

•	the fntcrejl towards difeharging the Expencei of the Office of the

* Accountant

C.lm.

485

4 Accountant General, and for building Offices for the Mq/lert in 4 Ordinary in Chancery, and a public Office for the Suitors of the faid 4 Court, and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatics9 4 and for building Repofitories for fecuring the Title Deeds of the 4 Suitors of the faid Court, and 'the Records and Proceedings of the 4 Commiffioners of Bankrupts aitd Lunatics ; and of feveral Afts in

•	the faid Aft mentioned, divers Sums of Money have been, by

•	virtue of feveral Orders of the faid Court of Chancery, taken out

*	of the common and general Cafh belonging to the Suitors of the 4 High Court of Chancery, which lay dead and unemployed in the 4 Bank of England, and have been placed out in the Name of the Ac-4 countant General of the faid Court, on Government or Parlia-

*	mentary Securities, and fuch Government or Parliamentary Secu-4 rities have been, in purfuance of the faid Aft patted in the Thirty 4 fecond Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, carried to an Account,

4 intituled, 4 Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and 4 better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery

4 and out of the Dividends and Intereft of the Securities purchafed 4 in purfuance of the faid feveral Afts of Parliament, the feveral 4 Annual Sums and Salaries, and the feveral other Payments direfted 4 to be made and to be paid, have been from time to time made and 4 paid, and the furplus Intereft and annual Produce arifing from the 4 laid Securities, beyond what was fufficient to anfwer the Purpofes 4 of the faid feveral Afts, and alfo the Intereft produced from the	,

4 Securities purchafed with fuch furplus Intereft and annual Produce,

4 have been from time to time in purfuance of the faid laft mentioned 4 Aft, laid out in the Purchafe of Government or Parliamentary 4 Securities, in the name of the Accountant General of the faid 4 Court, and placed to the Credit of an Account, intituled 4 Ac-4 count of Securities purchafed with furplus Intereft arifing from 4 Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out tor the 4 Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of 4 Chancery And Whereas by another Aft patted in the Fiftieth 50 G. 3. c. 164. 4 Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for building 4 certain Offices for the Examiners, Curftors, Clerk of the Crown, and 4 Clerks of the Petty Bag of the High Court oj Chancery, and for 4 making certain Regulations in the Examiners9 Office of the faid Court,

4 and for making Provifion for fuch of the Examiners, Deputy 4 Examiners and Clerks, as from length of Service, or from Age or 4 Infirmity, are or Jhall be incapacitated from the due Execution of 4 their Office, and for making Provifion for other Officers of the faid 4 Court, and jor making other Payments in refpeB of the faid Offices+

4 and alfo by another Aft of Parliament palled in the Fifty third 53 0.3.c.24.

4 Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty King George the Third,,

4 intituled An A3 to facilitate the Admintflration of Juflice; divers 4 other Sums of Money have been, by virtue of feveral other Orders 4 of the faid Court of Chancery, taken out of the common and 4 general Cafh belonging to the faid Suitors, which lay dead and un-4 employed in the Bank of England, and have been placed out in the 4 Name of the Accountant General of the faid Court of Chaucery,

4 according to the General Rules and Orders of the faid Court, on.

4 Government or Parliamentary Securities 5 and fuch Government 4 or Parliamentary Securities baye been, in purfuance of the faid laft 4 mentioned Afts> carried to an Account, intituled 4 Account of

I i 3	4	Monies.

4S6

C, Ixxx*

58° GEO. III.

A J). 1818,

4 Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the

*	Suitors of the High Court of Chancery and out of the Intcreft ‘ and Dividends of the Securities purchased in purfuance of the faid

*	laft mentioned Ads, the feveral annual Sums and Salaries, and the

*	fcveral other Payments dire&ed to be made and to be paid, have

*	been from time to time made and paid, and the furplus I ntereft and 1 annual Produce arifing from the faid Securities, beyond what was

*	fufficient to anfwer the Purpofes of the faid feveral laft mentioned 4 Ads, and alfo the Intereft produced from the Securities purchased

*	with fuch furplus Intereft and annual Produce, have been from txme 4 to time, in purfuance of the faid laft mentioned Ads, laid out in the 4 Purchafe of Government or Parliamentary Securities, in the Name 4 of the Accountant General of the faid Court, and placed to the

*	Credit of an Account, intituled 4 Account of Securities purchafed ' with furplus Intereft arifing from Securities, carried to an Account 4 of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the

*	Suitors of the High Court of Chancery :* And Whereas by an Ad

49G.3.C.69	• made and patted in the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Maiefty’s

4 Reign, intituled An A8 for making Provifion for fuch of the Sub 4 Regiftrars or Deputy Regiftrart of the High Court of Chancery, 4 as from Age or Infirmity Jhall be ajftiBed with permanent DifabiRtjy 4 and be incapacitated for the due Execution of their Office ; and for 4 making further Provifion for the Two Seniors of the faid Regiftrars 4 for the Clerks in the Regiftrars9 Office, for the Mafter of the Report 4 Office, and for providing additionalClerks on the Report Office of the 4 faid Court, and for making Payments and Regulations in refped of 4 the faid Offices ; it was amongft other things enaded, that out of

*	the Intereft and Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary 4 Securities aforefaid carried to the faid Account, intituled 4 Account 4 of Intereft arifing from Monies placed out for the Benefit and better 4 Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery and out 4 of the Intereft and Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary 4 Securities carried to the faid Account, intituled 4 Account of Seco-4 rities purchafed with furplus Intereft arifing from Securities carried 4 to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better

*	Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery,* and out

*	of the Intereft and Dividends of any Government or Parliamentary 4 Securities thereafter to be purchafed and placed to the laft men-4 tioned Account, there (hould be paid (but fubje& and without 4 Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and Sums of Money by any 4 Alt or Alts of Parliament theretofore paffed, direlted or authoriied 4 to be paid thereout) by the Governor and Company of the Bank of 4 England, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the High Court of 4 Chancery, to be made for that Purpofe, by Quarterly Payments on 4 the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of Aprils the Fifth Day 4 of July, and the Tenth Day of OQober, in every Year, fuch yearly 4 Sums as after mentioned to the feveral Perfons after mentioned, % (that is to fay,) amongft other Perfons to Four additional Clerks

*	to be employed in the faid Report Office for the Purpofes therein 4 mentioned, and to be appointed by the Filer and Keeper of the faid 4 Reports and Certificates, and Keeper of the faid Books of Entries 4 of the faid Office for the time being, the feveral yearly Sums 4 thereinafter mentioned, (that is to fay,) to the Firft of the faid 4 Clerks the yearly Sum of Three hundred and thirty Pounds, to the

13	4	Second

A.D. i8ia

58° GEO. III.

C. 1xk«

487

4 Second of the faid Clerks the yearly Sum of Two huodred and

*	twenty Pounds, to the Third* of the laid Clerks the yearly Sum of

*	One hundred and ninety eight Pounds, and to the Fourth of the ‘ faid Clerks the yearly Sum of One hundred and thirty two Pounds,

*	and alfo a proportionable Part of fuch Quarterly Payments as fhould

*	accrue due between the laft Quarterly Payment thereof and the time

*	of the Death or other Removal of fuch Clerks; and fuch AUow-

*	ances and Payments to the faid Clerks in the Report Office, to

*	be a full Compensation and Satisfadion for their Labour and At-

*	tendance in the faid Office : And Whereas the Money and Effeds

*	belonging to the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, under

*	the Care and Diredion of the faid Court, havtf very greatly in-4 creafed, by reafon whereof the necelTary Accounts and Bufinefs of 4 the Report Office have of late Years greatly increafed and are Rill

*	increafing, and the prefent Eftablifhment of Clerks in the faid Office ‘ is inadequate to tranfad the Bufinefs thereof, with fuch Accuracy 4 and Difpatch as is necelTary for the Public Service; and fevc^l 4 of the Clerks in the faid Office have been many Years employed

*	therein, and their prefent Salaries, confidering the great Increafe 4 in the necelTary Expences of Living, are not a fufficient Compen-

*	Cation for their Length of Service, having regard to the Nature and 4 Importance of fuch Service, and the Attendance, Qualifications 4 and Refponfibility neceflary to enable them to fulfil the Duties of

*	their Employment with Advantage to the Public :’ May it there* forepleafe .Your Maiefty that it may be cnaded ; and be it enaded by The King’s Mott Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the

fame, That out of the common and general Cath belonging to the For pUcing out Suitors of the Court of Chancery, which now lies or (ball hereafter it Imereft a lie dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, a Sum not exceeding c*rta!n J*a” Two hundred thoufand Pounds, (hall and may by virtue of any Order	to	the

or Orders of the faid Court to be made for that Purpofe, from time to suitors of the time be placed out in One entire Sum, or in Parcels, in the Name of Court of the Accountant General of the faid Court, according to the General Chancery. Rules and Orders of the faid Court, on fuch Government or Parliamentary Securities as by fuch Order or Orders (hall be direded, and fuch Securities (hall be carried to an Account raifed in purfuance of former Ads of Parliament, and intituled ‘ Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery,’ and (hall be made Part of the fame Account ; and out of the Intereft and Dividends of all or any of the Securities purchafed out of the faid common and general Calh in purfuance of former Ads, and to be purchafed in purfuance of thie Ad, there /hall be paid (but fubjed and without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and Sums of Money by any former Ad or Ads of Parliament heretofore palfed, direded or authorized to be paid thereout) by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpofe, by Quarterly Payments* op the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of 0 Sober ^ in every Year; fuch additional An** out of the .yearly Sums or Salaries to be from time to time paid to the firft Imereft thereof roar Clerks in the Report Office for the time being, as hereinafter add‘tioJal

Ii4	mentioned*

4^8

C. lxxx.

58" GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Power of appointing Three more Additional Clerks in the faid Office.

Clerks m the	mentioned, (that is to fay,) to the Firft of the faid Four Clerks

Report Office.	One hundred and feventy Pounds, to the Second Clerk One hundred

and eighty Pounds, to the Third Clerk One hundred and fifty two Pounds, and to the Fourth Clerk One hundred and fixty eight Pounds; the Firft Quarterly Payment thereof to commence on the Additional Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen; and aP* alfo fuch leveral yearly Sums or Salaries as are hereinafter mentioned, Sid"Office * * to be from time to time paid Quarterly on the feveral Days hereinbefore mentioned, to Three additional Clerks for the time being, namely, a Fifth, Sixth, and Seventh Clerk to be appointed; that is to lay, to the Fifth Clerk One hundred and fifty Pounds, to the Sixth Clerk One hundred and fifty Pounds, and to the Seventh Clerk One hundred and fifty Pounds; and alfo like yearly Sums or Salaries of One hundred and fifty Pounds each, to Three more additional Clerks in the faid Office, in cafe it (hall at any time hereafter appear nccefiary to the faid Court of Chancery to appoint fuch Three additional Clerks, or any of them, in purfuance of the Claufe for that Purpofe hereinafter contained ; the Firft Quarterly Payment to fuch additional Clerks refpe&ively to commence from the Day of the Date of their refpe&ive Appointments.

II.	And be it further enafted. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiffioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, upon the Requifition of the Matter of the Report Office of the faid Court of Chancery for the time being for that Purpofe, and upon its being made appear to the Court that additional Affiftance is neceflary in the faid Office for tranfa&ing the faid Bufinefs of the Suitors of the faid Court therein, to appoint not exceeding Three more Perfons to be Clerks in the faid Office, who (hall have and be entitled to the yearly Salaries of One hundred and fifty Pounds each, hereby provided for the additional Clerks in the faid Office; to be paid and payable out of the fame Funds, and in the fame manner as is dire&ed and provided by the Claufe hereinbefore contained.

III.	And be it further enafted, That the Clerks in the faid Report duce Certificates Office, and each and every of them for the time being, (hall from time of their having *0 time, as and when he or they apply at the proper Office in the cuted^hei^Of Bank England for Payment of the feveral yearly Sums herein, fices, before they before provided and dire&ed to be paid to them refpe&ively, produce Ihall be entitled a Certificate, figned by the Matter of the Report Office for the time to the Payments being, that fuch Clerk hath diligently and fa^fully in all things herebydiietted. performed and fulfilled the Duty and Office or a Clerk to the faid

Matter of the Report Office for the time being, up to the time fpecified in fuch Certificate; and by reafon thereof is entitled to have and receive the yearly Sum or Payment hereby provided, up to the time mentioned in fuch Certificate; and in cafe the faid Matter for the time being of the faid Report Office (hall decline or refufe to fign fuch Certificate, fuch Clerk (hall be at Liberty to apply to the faid Court of Chancery by Petition or otherwife, and the laid Court (hall have full Power and Authority to make fuch Order therein as to the faid Court (hall appear to be expedient or juft.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be deemed or taken to prevent or hinder any prefent or future Clerk in the faid Report-Office from

being

Clerks to pro.

Clerks may be removed as heretofore.

C A.D.1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. lxxx.

489

being removed or di(placed at any time, in fuch 'manner and by fucli r. Authority as Clerks in the faid Office can now be removed or difplaced.

V. And be it further ena&ed, That in the Place of any Clerk who s may be fo removed or difplaced, or to whom any Annuity or yearly - Sum (hall be ordered to be paid in purfuance of this Aft, fome other Perfon of fufficient Ability (hall or may be appointed a Clerk in the r	faid Office, in the manner and by the Authority in and by which the

2	Clerks in the faid Report Office have heretofore been appointed.

^ VI. And be it further enadted. That out of the Interell and a Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities purchafed t:	and to be purchafed as aforefaid, the Coils incurred in procuring and

fJ palling this Aft, and the Coils, Charges and Expences of all Pro-r ceedings to be had in Execution and in purfuance thereof, (hall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by h virtue of any Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be ^ made for that Purpofe.

p. VII. And be it further enafted. That the furplus Interell and anuual Produce which (hall arife from the Money placed out and to be placed out on Securities, purfuant to the feveral Ads of Parliament hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or any of them, beyond f what (hall be fufficient to anfwer the Purpofes of the faid Ads, (hall from time to time be placed out on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and (hall be placed to the Credit of the faid Account, railed in purfuance of the faid Ad of the Thirty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent* Majefty, intituled * Account of Monies I	placed out for the Benefit ana better Security of the Suitors of the

'	High Court of Chancery and which Fund (hall be applied to

anfwer the Demands of the faid Suitors of the faid Court of Chan-'	eery, in cafe it (hall at any time be neceflary to call in any Money

of the faid Suitors, which hath been or may be placed out on Securities.

‘ VIII. And be it further enaded. That it (hall be lawful to and for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Keeper or Lords Commiffioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal of Great £ Britain for the time being, by any. Order or Orders of the faid Court ' of Chancery, to change the Security or Securities or any Part of the Securities purchafed or to be purchafed purfuant to the feveral Ads 1 of Parliament hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or purfuant to * this Ad.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enaded and declared. That ; for and notwithftanding any of the Provifions contained in this Ad, if at any time hereafter the Whole or any Part of the Money placed out purfuant to the faid feveral Ads of Parliament, or any of them, or to be placed out in purfuance of this Ad, (hall be wanted to anfwer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, then and in fuch cafe the faid Court may and (hall dired the Whole or any Part of fuch Money to be called in, and the Securities in which the fame and the furplus Intereft and Dividends hereinbefore mentioned (hall be placed, to be fold and difpofed of, in order that the Suitors of the laid Court may at all times be paid their refpedive Demands out of the common and general Ca(h belonging to fuch Suitors.

Clerk* to be ip. pointed io the Place of fuch as (hall receive an Annuity, or be difplaced.

Ex pence* of this Alt end of all Proceeding* pro. vided for.

Surplus Intereft to be placed out upon Security.

Securities may be changed.

Money to he called in when wanted to fupply the Demand* of the Suitor*.

X. Pro-

490

C. lxxx—lxxxvii.

58' GEO. III.

A.D.I81S.

Provifo for Re. form, See. of Offices.

Public Aa.

39 0.3. e. xli*. continued for ax Years, &c.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing in this Ad contained fhall prejudice, delay, hinder or prevent any Reform or Abolition of all or any of the Offices herein mentioned* by any Perfon or Perfons having Authority to reform or aboHfli the fame.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall be deemed and taken to be a Public Ad, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of u fuch, by all Judges, Juft ices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

Cap. lxxxi.

An Ad for paving the Footways, and cleanfing, lighting and watching the Streets, in the Town of Monmouth.	[3d June	1818.]

Cap, lxxxii*

An AA to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Ad of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road at or near Beck-hambton, and other Roads in the faid Ad mentioned, in the County of Wilts. (r) .	[3d	June	1818.]

^Former Tolls made to ceafe. New Tolls granted. 3

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Ad for lighting the Borough of Kiddermtnjler% in the County of Worcejler, with Gas.	[5th	June	1818.]

Cap, lxxxiv.

An Ad for lighting with Gas the City of Worcejler, and the Liberties, Precinds and Suburbs thereof\ and thofe Parts of the feveral Parifttes of Saint Peter the Great, Saint Martin, Saint Michael ia Bedwardine, Saint John in Bedwardine, Claines and Saint Clement, which lie contiguous to, but without the Liberties of the faid City and in the County of Worcejler.	[5th June	1818.]

Cap, lxxxv.

An Ad for better fupplyiog the Inhabitants of the Town of Monmouth with Water.	[5th	June	i8i8*J

Cap, lxxxvi.

An Ad for building a Chapel of Eafe in the Townftrip of Pendleton and Parifh of Ecclee, in the County Palatine of Lanca/ler.

[10th Jusu 1818.]

Cap, lxxxvii.

An Ad for lighting with Gas the Town of BrighthelmJonef in the County of SuJ/ex,	[10th	June	1818.]

PRIVATE

58° GEO. III.

Pr.C. i—4.

491

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF T:1E PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN

EVIDENCE.

N. B. To each of thefe jfSs is annexed a Claufe in the Form

following :

“ And be it further enacted. That this Adi (hall be printed by “ the fevcral Printers to The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, duly “ authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom, and that “ a Copy thereof, fo printed by any of them, (hall be admitted as « Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices and others."

Cap. I*

An Aa For inclofing Lands in the Pari(h of Cranford\ in the County of Middlcfex.	[17th	March	1818.]

Cap. 2.

An Adi for enabling the Truftees adiing under Letters Patent granted by King Charles the Second, to difpofe of certain old Almfhoufes and other Premifes, held in Truft for the Parifh of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlefex; and for vetting Part of the new Burial Ground belonging to the faid Parifh, at or near Camden Town, in the faid Truftees, as a Site for eredling new Almfhoufes thereon; and for other Pur-pofes.	[8th	May	1818.3

Cap. 3#

An AA for inclofing Lands within the Parifti of Laverfioci, including the Tithing of Ford, in the County of Wilts.

[8th ^£ay 1818*3

Cap« 4*

An Adi for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Damerbam South, in the County of Wilts.	[8th	May	j8i8*3

Cap.

492

Pr.C. 5—11.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.181&

Cop• £•

An Ad for incloling Lands in the Parilh of Warfob, in the County of Nottingham•	[8th May	1818.]

“ Commiffioners to afcertain the value of Tithes, $ 22. Allot-u ments iu lieu of Tithes, { 23. Declaring the Exoneration of “ Tithes. Tithes payable till Poffeffion of Allotments delivered) “ # *4-

(Tap* 6.

An Ad for inclofmg Lands in the Parifh of Thelnetbam, in the County of Suffolk.	[8th May	1818.]

41 Commiffioners to fet the Tithes in Tbelneiham for the firft Three M Years, $33.

Cap. 7.

An Ad for incloling Lands in Middop, otherwise Midbopc, in the Parilh of EccletjUld% in the Cdunty of Turk*

[8th May 1818.]

“ Parties enabled to agree for a Commutation of Tithes before eie-“ cution of Award, § 28.

Cap• 8.

An Ad for incloling Lands in Q*Jpring% in the Parilh of Pmfiw, and County of Tori.	[8th	May	1818.]

w Parties enabled to agree on a Commutation for Tithes before eie-“ cution of Award, J 30. Allotments to Tithe Owners to be rag •€ fenced, § 31.

Cap. 9.

An Ad for inclofmg Lands within the .Manor of AinJUblt* in the Parilh of Ainfiakle, in the County of Cumberland.

[8th May 1818.]

“ Allotment to the Vicar for Tithes, $17. Allotment for Tithes “ of Hay, Wood Lands, &c. § 23.

Cap. 1 o»

An Ad to amend an Ad made in the Fifty third Year of His pre* fent Majefty, for incloling Lands in the Parilhes of IJlewortb, Hejlon and Twicienbam9 in the County of Middle/ex.

[8th May i8i8»j

Cap. 11.

An Ad for allotting Lands in the Parilh of Noke9 in the County of . Oxford.	[8th May	1818.]

Ctf-

58° GEO. III.

Pr. C. 12— ia

493

Cap. it.

yVn Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Erpingham, Colby, Banning bam and Ingwortb, in the County of Norfolk.

[8th May 1818..]

44 Compenfation for Tithes of Allotments for Three Years to be fixed 44 by Commiffioners, § 32.

Cap. 13.

An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Itteringham9 Oulton, Wickmere and Wood Dalltng9 in the County of Norfolk.

[8tn May l8i8.J

Cap. 14.

An Ad for inclofing Lands within the Parifh of Great Melton, other-wife Melton Saint Mary9 and All Sainti9 in the County of .Norfolk.

[8th May 1818.]

44 Provifo for Right to Tithes, f 48.

Cap. 15.

An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Moreton Valence9 and in the Hamlet or Tithing of Putloe, in the Parifh of Standijb9 both in the County of Gloucefter.	[8th May 1818.]

Cap. 16.

AjO Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Norbury♦ in the County of Derby.	[8th	May	1818.]

Cap. 17.

An Ad to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Ad of His prefent Majefly, for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Marden9 Sutton Saint Michael9 Sutton Saint Nicholas and Withington9 and certain Chapelries, Townfhips and Parifhes adjacent thereto, in the County of Hereford.	[8th	May	i8i8.J

44 Commiffioners empowered to afcertain to what Tithes certain Lands 44 are fubjed, and Tithes to be paid according to Declaration of Com-“ mi (Boners, ft.

Cap. 18.

An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of South Moreton9 in the County of Berks.	[8th May	1818.]

“ Allotment to Redor, &c. in lieu of Tithes, f 24. Compenfation " to be made in lieu of Tithes for old *4 Inclofures, where Owners << hare not Lands in Common Fields fufficient to difcharge the “ fame, f 25. Prorifo for Re dor's Right to Tithes claimed by u John Sadgrove and John Kerby9 f 27. Tithes to remain until a “ certain Period, § 28. Allotments to Redor in lieu of Tithes to 41 be fecured, £ 32.

Cap.

494

Pr. C. 19—24.

58- GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Cop* 19*

An Ad for inclofing Landa in the Parifti of IValfham-lc-WUlowh in the County of Suffolk.	[8th	May	1818.]

u Extinguiftiment of Titbea of Land on Allwood Green by the Ad

u direded to be allotted to Truftees, § 23.

Cap. 20.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of Etton* in the Pariih of Etton> in the Eafl Riding of the County of Tork.

[8th May 1818.]

€t Tithe Allotment, § 17. Annual Renta as a further Compcnfatioa

“ for Titbea ascertained, § 18. When the Tithes are to ceafe, £21.

“ Modufea or fixed Money Payments to continue payable, j 22.

“ Tithe Allotments to be fenced, § 28.

Cap. 21.

An Aa to enable Peter Penniall, and others therein mentioned, to grant a Building Leafe of certain Premifes fituate in High Street, m the Parifh of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surrey.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. 22.

An Ad to enable the Truflees of Saint PauPs School, in the City of London, to purchase Buildings and Land adjoining or near to the faid School, for the better Accommodation of the Scholars, and for other Purpofes.	[23d	May	1818.]

Cap. 23.

An Aa to eoable the Governors of the Free Grammar School of King Charles the Second, at Bradford in the County of Tork, to fell the old School Houfe, and to fell certain Lands belonging to the faid Foundation, and to apply the Money arifiug by fucn Sale* in the Building of a new School Houfe, and in the Purchafe of other Eflates, to be veiled in the Governors on the Trufts of the faid Chanty, and to convey the Inheritance in Fee Simple, for building, upon referved Rents, or to make building Leafe* of certain Pans of the Eflates of the faid School; and alfo to enable the Governors to increafe the number of Mafters, and allow proper Salaries, and for enlarging the Trulls and Powers of the faid Governors*	[23d	May 1818.]

Cap. 24.

An Ad for efieding an Exchange of an Eftate in the County of Norfolk, devifed by the Will of Robert Harvey Efquke to John Harvey Efquire, under certain Limitations, for an EJfcate belonging to the laid John Harvey Efquire, in Fee Simple, to be fob-jeded to the like Limitations.	[23d May i8j8.]

Cap•



A.D.1813.

58° GEO- III.

Pr. C. 25—30.

495

Cap. ay.

An Aft for dividing and allotting Lands in the Pari(h of Lakenheath, in the County of Suffolk.	[23d	dfjy	1818.]

41 Lands allotted for Lands Tithe free or covered by a Modus, to be <c Tithe free or covered by fuch Modus.

Cap. 26.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifli of Bradford, in the County of Wilts.	[23d	May	1818.]

Cap. 27.

An Aft for amending an Aft of His prefent Majefty, intituled jin AS for dividing and inclo/tnr Heworth Moor, in the Manor or Tovunfbip q/* He worth, in the North Riding of the County of York ; and for extinguifbing the Rights of Stray and Average over certain Lands, called Half Year Lands,Jituate in the Suburbs or PrecinSs of the City of York 5 and for extending the Provifions of the faid Aft, to the Inclofure of certain Lands in the Suburbs or Precinfts of the City of Tori.	[23d	May 1818.]

Cap. 28.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Kilmainham, Saint James y Clondalkbty Crumlin, ATenvcqflle and Ratheoolc, in the County of Dublin.	[23d	May	1818.J

Cap. 29.

An Aft for extinguifbing a limited Right of Common over certain Coppices or Woodlands and Grounds in the Parifh of Hurflborne Tarranty in the County of Southampton ; and for allotting and fet-ting out a Part of the fame, to be fubjeft to a more ex ten five Right of Common, in lieu of the Right extinguifhed.'

[23d May 1818.]

C*p. jo.

An Aft for empowering Trufteea to join, as to one undivided fourth Part of certain E dates devifed by the Will of Edward Bamardy Gentleman, deceafed, in the Sale of the Entirety of the fame Eftates, and to purchafe other Lands to be fettled to the fame Ufes ; and alfo for enabling 'the fame Truftees to join as to the lame undivided fourth Part in making a Partition of the fame Eftates; and alfo for empowering certain Truftees to join in granting Leaks of the Entirety of the fame Premifes, and for other Purposes.	[28th	May	1818.]

Cat>.

496

Pr. C. 31—36.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.181S.

Cap. 31.

An Aft for repealing an Aft paffed in the Fifty third Year of His present Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A& for vefing Part of the fettled Ejlates of Sir Charles Knightley Baronet, which were dtvifed by the Will of Lucy Knightley Efquire, in Truflces, to be fold, and for laying out the Money artfitig thereby in the Pur chafe of other Ejlates to be fettled in lieu thereof and to the fame Uftt% and for other Purpofes; and for veiling that Part and other Parts of the < faid fettled Eftates in other Truftees to be fold, and for applying Part of the Money arifing thereby in the Difcharge of certain Incumbrances thereon, and laying out the Refidue of the fame Money in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes-

[28th May 1818.]

Cap. 32.

An Aft to render effeftual a Conveyance of the legal Fee as to a Moiety of certain Hereditaments in the Parifhes of Llanidloes^ Llangerrig and Llandinam, in the County of Montgomery, belonging to Robert Ingram Efquire,	[28th	May 1818. j

Cap. 33.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Lytchet Mat ravers, and Lytchet Minfer% in the County of Dorfet• . [28th May 1818.]

*< Lands to be difeharged of certain Tithes for firft five Years afnr

u Improvement,

Cap. 34,

An Aft for effefting and eftablifhing an Exchange between the Reverend Robert Philip Goodenough, Reftor of Carlton in LindricU in the County of Nottingham, and Henry Gaily Knight Efquire, of Glebe and other Lands in Carlton aforefaid. [3d June 1818.J

Cap. 35.

An Aft for veiling in the furviving and new Truftees certain Eftates and Property in Ireland, of the Moft Honourable Walter Marquis and Ean of Ormonde in Ireland, and Baron Butler in England, which have not been fold or difpofed of under and by virtue of Three Afts of Parliament, made in the Thirty fifth, Forty fifth, and Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty.

*	[3d	,71111* 1818.]

Cap. 36.

An Aft for fettling a Moiety of a yearly Rent of Four hundred Pounds, difeharged from certain Entails created therein, upon WiU . Ham Danby Efquire, and Caroline his Wife, and their Iflue.

[3d June 1818.j

Cep

A.D.1818.

58° GEO. III. ,

Pr. C. 37—39.

Cap. 37.

An A6t for confirming an Exchange of certain Eftates in the Couu* ties of Norfolk and Suffolk, of which Sarah Hetherfett, Spinfter, is Tenant for Life under the Will of her late Uncle John Barker Efquire9 for certain EHates in the faid Counties to which the faid Sarah Hctberfett and her Sifters Jane Marla Hemfworth (Wife of Henry D*Efterre Hemfworth Efquire), Ann Amelia Hetherfett Spinfter, and Ifabel Huntington (Wife of John Barker Huntington Efquire), became entitled by Defceut from their late Father James Hetherfett Efquire.	[5th	June	1818.]

Cap• 3^*

An A€t for effe&ing the Sale of the fettled Freehold E dates of Thomas Leech the Elder, Efquire, fituate in the Counties of Lin-coin, Kent and Surrey, and for' applying the Monies to arife by fuch Sale, in manner therein mentioned.	[5th	June	18x8.]

Cap. 39.

An A St for veiling certain Pieces or Parcels of Land, and other Hereditaments, belonging to Sidney Sufic* College, in the Uni-verfity of Cambridge, in Truftees for Sale, with Powers to leafe on Fines, and for applying. the Purchafe Monies, and Monies to arife from Fines, in manner therein mentioned, [xoth June 1818.]

58 Geo. III.

Xk

INDEX

i «8 )

INDEX

TO THS

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS, 56° GEO. III.

:

|

* Signifies that the AS relates exclusively to Ireland.

A CTIONS (Frivolous) of A flault and XJL Battery, for preventing Cap. 30 Aliena, continuing 56 Gea 3. for efU-blifhing Regulations refpeding, arriving or refident in this King, dom, in certain Cafes -	96

preventing the Naturalization of, or their becoming Denizens, except in certain Cafes -	97

America (South), allowing the Import-ation of certain Articles into the Continent of -	-27

Annuities, for railing *£3,000,000 by the Transfer of certain 3 per Cent. Annuities at the Rate of s£3. 10s. per Cent. \ and for granting Annuities to difeharge certain Exchequer Bills -	23

Appropriation of Supplies -	101

Aqua Vitae, charging Duties on Licences for retailing -	*	13

Anny, Mutiny Ad for, or 55 G. 3.

redified -	-	10

-------Annual Mutiny A A for - 11

■	Rates	to	Inkeepers	on	quartering	-	-	22

Affefled Taxes, granting and regulating the Colle&ion of -	*54

Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, for encouraging Attempts to find a Paf-fage between -	-	20

Audions, amending 54 G.3. for granting Duties on -	*79

Bank of England, amending 57 G. 3. for preventing the further Circulation of Dollars and Tokens hy	-	.	*	.	.*4

■	■	■	■■	■■■■	further	continuing

44 G. 3. for continuing the Reftridons on Payments of Cafh

by	*	-	37

Bank of Ireland, continuing the Re-ftri&ion8 on Payments of Ca& by -	-	Cap.	*60

Banks for Savings, for amending 57 G. 3* c* I3°* f°T cocoa-raging the Eftabulhment of 48 Benefit of Clergy, repealing lb much of 9 Anne (I.) as takes away Bon Perfons fteahug privily from the Perfon of another -	«68

Bounties, repealing fevcral, on the Exportation of refined Sugar, and allowing others in lieu thereof 34 Brecknock Foreft, vefting Parts of, is the Crown, and in doling, &c.

99

Brewers, amending the Laws relating to	*78

Cambridge (H. R.H. the Duke of) for making further Provifion for, and fettling an Annuity on the Prin-cefs of Heffe, in cafe ihe (hall furvive him -	-	24

Canal (Royal) Bom the River Liffry to the River Shannon, maintain-ing .	-	-	*35

Carriages (Four wheeled) granting Duties on certain -	-	17

Charities for the Education of the Poor, appointing Commiffioners to inquire concerning	-	91

Chelfea Hofpital, for tne further Regulation of Payments of Penfions to Soldiers upon the Eftablifluneat

of	74

Churches, for building and promoting the building of additional, in populous Panfiles -	45

Clergymen officiating as Chaplains in Houfes of Corredion, amending Ad relating to the Salaries of^z

W

INDEX to the Public General Ads, 58° GEO. III.	499

Coals and Cinders, allowing, to be brought to London and Weft-minfter -	-	Cap. 6	2

Colonies; allowing the Importation and Re-exportation of certain Articles into certain Ports within the Provinces of Nova Scotia and New Brunfwick -	19

*—■— '■ indemnifying Perfons concerned in advifing, iffuing, or executing any* Orders for permitting the Importation or Exportation in Foreign Bottoms of certain Goods, &c. into and from certain Weft India Iflands	7

—	permitting the Importation

of certain Articles into the Weft Indies, or on the Continent of South America -	-	27

Confpiring againft His Majefty’s Perfon and Government, repealing Ad for detaining Perfons fufpeded of	-	1

Corks, ready made, granting additional Dutyon -	-	-	*18

Coroners for Counties, regulating the Ele&ion of	"95

Court and Seffions Houfes, regulating the building and repairing of *31 Cumberland ([Duchefs of), fettling an Annuity on -	-	-	25

Cuftoms, Madder, repealing former Duties on, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof -	9.	55

Diftrefs, proteding Tenants from undue

Dollars, iflued by the Bank of England amending 57 G. 3. for preventing the further Circulation of ---	-	14

Dunmore Harbour for completing and improving, and rendering it a fit Situation for His Majefty’s Packets -	-	-	*72

Duties, Annual, on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, and on Penfions, Offices, and Perfonai Eftates in England 3

-	...on Madder -	-	9.55

■-----on Horfes, continued and reduced -	-	16

—1— 1	■	■—	•	Sceal/o	Excife.

Eaft India Company, amending and reducing into one Ad the feveral Laws relating to the Hiring of Shipping by - Cap. 83

—	...........-	■ * removing Doubts re-

lative to the Validity of Marriages celebrated within the Territories of	-	84

Education of the Poor, appointing Com-miflioners to inquire concerning Charities for -	-	91

Entailed Eftates purchafed with Truft Monies, for Relief of Perfons entitled to -	*46

Exchequer Bills, iffuing of £$0,000,000

4

■ ■ ................... —	£l 1,000,000

86

------ ■	 -	granting Annuities for

discharging certain -	23

■ ------ amending 57 G. 3.

c. 34. and 174., authorizing the Iffue of, for Public Works, and for the Employment of the Poor, drc. and extending the Powers of the faid Ads to Ireland - 88 Excife ; — altering the Allowance for broken Plate Glafs, and exempting Manufadurers of certain Glafs Wares from Penalties for not being licenfed -	33

■	■ - " for reviving and continuing Se-

veral Laws relating to the Duties on, and to prohibit the making of Smalts within a certain Dil-. tance, or by the Maker of any other Kind of GlafB	-	21

—	— charging Duties on Licences for

retailing Aqua Vitae	-	13

------amending 55 G. 3. for granting Duties on Licences, and regulating the iffuing, &c. thereof

#57

■	■■ — repealing Duties on Veijuice and

Vinegar, granting new Duties thereon, and more effedually fe-curing the Duties on Vinegar 65 Executors under the Age of Twenty-one Years, extending to Ireland certain Provifions of the Parliament of Great Britain, relative to 81

Fees, regulating, for Pardons under the Great Seal -	-	29

K k 2	Felony,

500	INDEX	to	the	Public	General	Ads,	58°	GEO.	III.

Felony, for facilitating the Means of profecuting Perfone accufed of, and of other Offences Cap. 70 Fever	Hofpitals,	for	eftabliihing	and

preventing the Increafe of infectious Fevers *	-	#47

Fifheries in Greenland Seas and Davis’s Streights,. Ad for Encouragement of, amended -	15

------	- Ad for	the Improvement	and

Extenfion	of,	continued	and

/	amended	-	-	*94

Foreigners, fubjeding to Arreft and Detention, for fmuggling within certain Diffancea of any of His Majeffy’s Dominions -	76

Funds, amending 57 G. 3. c. 79. for transferring Capital from certain, m Great Britain, to certain Public Stocks or Funds in Ireland 80

Game, for the more effedual Prevention of Offences conneded with the unlawful Deftrudion and Sale

of	-	75

Glafgow to Carlifle, altering the Application of Part of £jOfOOO granted by 56 G. 3. for improving the Road from - *44 Glafs, for reviving and continuing feveral Laws relating to the Duties on -	-	21

■ - altering the Allowance for broken Plate Glafs, and exempting Ma-nufadurers of certain Glafs Wares from Penalties for not being li-cenfed -	-	33

Grain, for preventing Frauds in the Sale of	-	-	*82

Grand Juries, regulating the Inveftiga-tion of Prefentments by, for Roads, Scc.	- - #a.	67

Greenwich Hofpital, Governors of, empowered to pay certain Shares of Prize Money due to Ruffian Seamen, to the Ruffian Ambaffa-dor -	-	64

Heffe (Princefs of), fettling an Annuity on, in cafe (he (hall lurvive H. R. H. the Duke of Cambridge 24 High Treafon and Treafonable Practices, indemnifying Perfons who

• have aded in apprehending^, &c. Perfons fufpeded of Cap. 6-Highway Robbery, for repealing fuci Parts of feveral Ads as alW pecuniary and other Rewards oo the Convidion of Perfons for 70 Horfes, Duties on, continued and reduced	-	-	-	16

Houfes of Corredion, amending 56 G. 3. for regulating the Salaries of Clergymen officiating as Chaplains in	-	-	-	32

Howth Harbour, for the better Accommodation of the King’s Packets in, and better regulating the Shipping therein -	-	*6i

Hydrometer, repealing an Ad of 56 G.3. for eftablifhing the Ufe of Sikes’s inftead of Clarke’s 28

Importation, allowing of certain Articles, and Re-exportation thereof, into and from certain Ports of Nota . Scotia and New Brunfwick 19 —	■ indemnifying Perfons con-

cerned in adviung, ifilling or executing any Orders for permitting the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, See. in Foreign Bottoms to and from certain Weft India Iflands -	-	7

■ ■■■■■■	■ permitting the Importation

of certain Articles into the Weft Indies -	-	27

Innkeepers, Rates to, on quartering Soldiers ...	22

Juries (Grand) regulating the Invefti-gation of Prefentments by, for Roads, See. -	-	#j. 67

Kent (H. R. H. the Duke of), making Provifion for, and fettling an Annuity on the Princefs of Lein ingen, in cafe (he (hall furvive him 53 Kilmainhaxn Hofpital, Governors of, authorized to fufpend the Pendocs of Penfioners guilty of Fraud in refped of Prise Money or Pen-dons, or for other grofs Mif-condud ...	*8

......... , for the further

Regulation of Payments of Pen-.. fions

501

INDEX to the public General AdSt 58° GEO. III.

lions to Soldiers upon the Efta-blifhment of • Cap. *74 King and Government, Ad repealed for detaining Perfons fufpeded of confpiring againft	-	1

—	■ ■ altering and amending 51 G. 3.

for providing for the Perfon of, during his Illnefs, and for the Admmiftration of the Royal Authority, &c.	90

Larceny from the Perfon, for more ef-fedually preventing -	*68

Leiningen (Princefs of), fettling Annuity on, in cafe of her furviving H. K. H. the Duke of Kent 53 Licenfea for retailing Aqua Vitas, charging with Duty -	-	13

—	--— amending 55 G. 3. for grant-

ing Duties on, and regulating the ifluing, &c. thereof -	*57

Liffey ( River), for maintaining the Royal Canal from, to the River Shannon	-	*35

Longitude at Sea, for effedually difeo-vering	-	-	20

Lotteries -	-	-	71

- ■ Surgeons and Surgeons9 Mates, Allowances to - Cap. 58 Mutiny Ad of 55 G. 3. Miftake in, redified, and indemnifying certain Perfons relating thereto 10

---------- Annual, Army -	11

-—-	■ ■	Marines	-	12

National Debt (Commiflioners for the Redudion of), empowering anv Three or more of, to exercife all the Powers given to the Commif-fioners by any Ad or Ads of ' Parliament -	-	66

Negotiable Securities, relieving boni fide Holders of, without Notice that they were given for an ufurious Confederation -	93

New Brunfwick and Nova Scotia, allowing the Importation and Reexportation of certain Articles ^ into certain Ports of -	19

Northern Paflage, for encouraging Attempts to find, between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, and to approach the Northern Pole . - ‘	-	-	20

Madder, repealing former Duties on, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof -	-	-9.55

Magiftrates, repealing fo much of 43 G. 3. as requires the Prefence of, on board VefTels carrying PafTengers from the United ELingdom to His Majefty’s Plantations, or to Foreign Parts -	-	89

Malt,	annual Duties on -	-	3

-	— for better fecuring the Colledion

of the Duties on	-	*78

Marine Forces, regulating, while on Shore	-	-	12

Marriages celebrated in India, removing Doubts relative to	-	84

Matrimonial Contrads, extending to Ireland certain Provifions of the Parliament of Great Britain relative to	-	-	-	81

Militia Adjutants, Allowances to 58 ■■■	difembodied, Pay and Clothing

of -	-	-	58,	*59

------Serjeant Majors, Allowances to

5®

—	■■	Subaltern Officers, Allowances

to -	-	58,	*59

Offices and Employments, Annual Du-ties on -	-	3

,	,	Indemnity	5

Pacific and Atlantic Oceans, for encouraging Attempts to find a Northern Paflage between 20 Paper, amending 56 G. 3. for regu-gulating and fecunng the Colledion of the Duties on, and allowing a Drawback of the Duty on Paper ufed in printing certain Books at the Prels of Trinity College, Dublin *41 Pardons under the Great Seal, regu-gulating the Payment of lees for	-	-	-29

Parifh Veftries, for the Regulation of

69

PafTengers from the United Kingdom to the Colonies or Foreign Parts, repealing fo much of 43 G* 3. as requires the Prefence of Magiftrates on board Veflels carrying -	-	89

Penfions and Perfonal Eftate, Annual

Duties on -	-	3

Lately	pub

I,

THE STATUTES AT LARGE,

FROM MAGNA CARTA TO THE UNION OF THE KINGDOMS OF GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND.

(41 Geo. III. 1800.)

Edited to the End of Henry VIII. by T.E. TOMLINS, Efq. Barrifter at Law. And from that Period, by JOHN RAITHBY, Efq. Barrifter at Law.

In Ten large Volumes Quarto, Pries 31/. io». in Boards.

ALSO,

ANOTHER EDITION OF THE SAME WORK,

In Twenty large Volumes O&avo.

Price til. in Boards.

II.

THE STATUTES AT LARGE,

FROM THE UNION WITH IRELAND TO THE PRESENT TIME.

The Quarto Edition, 6 Volumes, and Vol. VII. Part I. (including 57 Gao. III.) Price 19/. 14m. in Boards.

The 0£tavo Edition, in 15 Volumes, Price 16/. z8i. 6d. in Boards.

[Thefo Editions are continued Annually; and any Volume or Seffion may yet be had feparately.]

III.

AN INDEX

TO THE STATUTES AT LARGE,

From Magna Carta to the Forty ninth Year of Geo. 111. inclufive. *

By JOHN RAITHBY, Efq.

Of Lincoln’s Inn, Barrifter at Law.

In Three Volumes O&avo, Price 3/. 6$. in Boards.
