;

S T A T U T E S

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND,

49 GEORGE III. 1809.



*** <r\

:‘A V.J.

LONDON:

Printed by His Majefty’s Statute and Law Printers;

And fold by J. Butterw<^th, Law Bookfeller, in I'lctuftreet*

1809.

V	[Price	18*.	in Board*.]

A

TABLE

Containing THE TITLES of aU

THE STATUTES,

Paffcd in the THIRD SefTnn of the FOURTH Parliament

or THE

United Kingdom of Great Britain and

49 GEORGE III.	j

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

I. A N Aft for continuing to His Majefty certain Duties on Malt, jTjL Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pen-fions. Offices, and Perfonal Ettates in England; for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nine.	Pages

i. An Act for railing the Sum of Ten Millions live hundred thoufana Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, lor the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nine.	20

3.	An Act for raifing the Sum of One Million five hundred «thoufand

Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thoufand tight hundred and nine.	Ibial

4.	An Act to allow a certain Proportion of the Militia of Great

Britain, to enlilt voluntarily into the Regular Forces.	21

5.	An Act to allow a certain Proportion of the Militia in Ireland

voluntarily to cnlift into His M^jrfty’s Regular Forces.	21

6.	An Act for the Relief of Prifoners in Cuftody for Non payment

of Money purfuant to Orders of Courts of Equity.	23

7.	An Act to prohibit the Diftillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain,

in the United Kingdom, for a limited Tune.	Ibid-

8.	An Act to fufpend the Importation of Briti/L or Iri/l) made

Spirits into Great Britain, or Ireland refpeftivelv, until the Firlt Day of June One thoufand e;ght hundred and nmc.	24

5. An Adt to grant Bounties on the Importation of Flax S^ed into Ireland from Great Britain, until the Eighth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nine ; and t > amend the Laws for the Regulation of the Linen Manufafturt in Ireland, fo far as relates to Importers of Flax Seed.	25

10.	An Act to continue fo much of an Aft of the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, as allows a Bounty upon double refined Sugar exported, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven ; and fo much of the

AS

a 2

 *

fame

4 n?-fli3-(F

1071

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

fame Aft at allow* a Bounty on Raw Sugar exported, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten.	Page	26

11.	An Ad for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth D*y of

.March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain ; and for fufpending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Duties impofed by an Aft of the Forty-fixth Year of His prefent Majefty (hall be fufpended.	Ibid,

12.	An A ft for punifhicg Mutiny and Defertion ; sod for the better

Payment of the Army and their Quarters.	ij

13.	An Act for the more efftftually preventing the forging of Bank

Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Poft Bills and the Negociatiou of forged and counterfeited Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Poft Bills, of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland1	40

14.	An Act for repealing an Aft of the Parliament of Scotland,

relative to Child Murder; and for making other Provifions in lieu thereof.	41

Ij* An Act to indemnify fuch Perfons in the United Kingdom as -have omitted to qualify themfelves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Times limited for thofe Purpofes refpcftively, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten; and to permit fuch Perlons in Gnat Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame oh or before the Firft Day of Hilary Term One thoufand eight hundred and ten.	Ibid.

16.	An Act to allow the Importation of Rum and other Spirits,

from the Ifland of Bermuda into the Province of Lower Canada, without Payment of Duty, on the fame Terms and Conditions as fuch Importation may be made direftly from His Majelty’s Sugar Colonies in the IVeJl Indies.	*2

17.	An Act to authorize His Majefty, during the prefent War, to

make Regulations refpefting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.	Ibid.

15.	An Act tor continuing until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thouf?.nd eight hundred and fourteen, fevcral Afts for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; and until the Twenty-

Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, an Aft of the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, to permit ' the Exportation of Wool from the Britifb Plantations in America. 43 ip. An Act for the Regulation of His Majefty’a Rcyai Marine,, , Forces while on Shore. *	Ibid,

to. An Act to make peroetual feveral Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; to the allowing the Importa-^ tion of Rape Seed, and other Seeds ufed for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of middling Britifb Rape Seed (hall be above a certain Lifnit; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in Hii ^ ^lajefty’s Plantation's ki America ; and for amending and making perpetual feveral .Laws relating tp.the preventing tne clandcftine 4 running of Goods, and the Danger of Infeftion tncreby; ?ndHo the .allowing the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Sait "WofDutj-,	:k	.....	'

*	ai. An



{Putlich General,,) 49° GEO. lit.

21. An A3 for granting Annuities to difcharge certsia Exchequer

' Bills.	Page 47

23.	Ad Ad for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into and from the Port of Falmouth in the Ifland of Jamaica.	48

23.	An Ad for further continuing until the Twenty-fifth Day of

March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, an Ad made in the Thirty-ninth Year of His prefent Majcfty, for prohibiting the Exportation from and permitting the Importation to Great Britain of Corn; and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provifion without Payment of Duty.	Ibid.

24.	An Ad for charging with Duty Spent Wafh, re-diHilled in

Great Britain.	Ibid.

25.	An Ad to permit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One

thoufand eight hundred and eleven*, the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain, from any Place whatever.	49

26.	An A d for allowing until the Twenty-fifth Day of March

One thoufand eight hundred and ten, the Importation of certain Fifti from Parts of the Coaft of His M a jetty’s North American^ Colonies; and for granting a Bounty therepn.	50

27.	An Ad for eftablilhing Courts of Judicature in the Ifland of

Newfoundland and the Iflands adjacent; and for re-annexing Part of the Coalt of Labrador and the Iflands lying on the faid Coati to * the Government of Newfoundland,	51

38. An Ad to enable the Clerks of the King’s Coroner and Attorney in the Court of King’s Bench to be admitted as Attomies. 57

29.	An Ad for the Appropriation of Twenty thoufand Pounds out of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland, towards the Encouragement of the faving of Flax Seed for lowing in Ireland*

30.	An Ad to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March

One thoufand eight hundred and ten, certain Ads for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for warehoufing in Ireland\ Rum or Spirits of the Brittfh Sugar Plantations.	$9

3-1. An Ad to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, an Ad of the Forty-fir^ Year of Hisprefent Majefty, for prohibiting the Exportation frpni Ireland, ahd for permitting the Importation into Ireland^ Duty tape, of Corn and other Provifions.	j%/.

32. An Ad for continuing and making perpetual fevetal Duties* ot One Shilling and Sixpence, repealed by an Ad of the laft Seffion of Parliament, on Offices ana Employments of Profit, and on Annuities, Fenfions, and Stipends, and thereby grafted for One Year to the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nine.	.	6q

33 * An Ad to grant an Excife Duty on Spirits made oc diftilled from Sugar in Ireland, during the Prohibition of Dilliliation from Corn or Grain there, in lieu of the Excife Duty now chargeable thereon, and to allow a Drawback on the Export thereof to Foreign Parts.	65

34.	An Ad to permit the Regiftry at Malta of Ships taken, at

Prize.	Ibid.

35.	An Ad for	the more	convenient Fayment of Pcnfions to Widowt

of Officers of	the Navy.	67

a j	3$.	An



the .TITLES of Ac STATUTES,

3ft. Ap Aft to amend an Aft made in tbc Forty-fifth Year o£ H14

*	jirefent Mbjefty, for amending and rendering more effeftual an Aft

of the Parliament of Ireland^ for erefting and eftablilhing Publick Infirmaries or Hofpitals.	Page	71

37.	An Act for increafing the Rates of Subfiftcnceto be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.	72

38.	An Act for further continuing until the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thonfand ei^ht hundred and eleven, an Aft made in the Thirty-third Year of His prefent Majefty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland. Ibid.

39.	An Act for making Comprnfation to the Proprietors of futh Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchafed for better fccuriiig His Majefty *s Docks, Ship®, and Stores, at Portfmouth; and for extending the Lines and Worlds at Dover; in pnritiance of an

k Aft ma4e in the Forty-fixth Year of His Drrfent Majefty.	Ibid\

An Act to amend and render more effiftuai an Aft, pafled in

*	the laft Scflion of Parliament, for enabling HisMjjeily to eftablifh a

permanent Local Militia Force, under certain Rcftriftions, for the jDefence of the Realm,	73

4.T. An Act to amerd an Aft made in the Forty-eighth Year of Hisprefent Majefty, to provide that Britijh Ships captured by the Enemy, becoming the Property of Brrti/h Subjefts, (hall not be entitled to the Privilege of Britijh Shipp.	79

42.	An Act for better regulating the Publick Records of Scot•

land.	80

43.	An Act for regulating the Mode in which the Average Price of

Brown or Mufcovado Sugar, cxclufive of the Du»y thereon, is to be ascertained under the Provifionsof an Aft pafled in the Forty-fixth Year of His prefent Majefty.	87

44.	An Act to permit Goods brought m as Prize, and reftored by

the Court of Admiralty, or which have been fei£ed as Droits, and fo reliored, to be fold or transferred within this Kingdom, without paying the Home Cenfumption Duty.	Ibid.

45.	An Act for more conveniently paying of Allowances on the Com-

paflionate Lift of the Navy, and of Half Pay to Officers of the Royal Marines.	88

46.	An Act to authorize the principal Officers of the Cuftoms in the

Britijh Colonies and Plantations in America and the Wejl Indies, to examine WitntflVs on Oah.	93

47.	A.n Aft to permit certain Article*, the Growth, Produftion,

-or Manufafttire of Europe, to be laden and (hipped on board Ships arriving with Britijh North American Produce, and Fi(h taken by Settlers in the Britijh North American Colonies, at any Port of Europe, in order to be exported to the principal Ports in the Britijh Colonies and Plantations in North America.	94

48.	An Act to am?nd and render more tffcftual an Aft, pafled in the laft Seflion of Parliament, for enabling His Majcfty to eftablifH

*	a permanent Local Militia Force in Scotland, under certain Re-

*	ftriftions, for the Defence of the Realm.	96

49* An Act to authorize His Majefty to permit, until the Twenty-

fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, any Goods and Commodities to be imported into and exported from Nova Scotia and New Brunfwick, in any Ship or Veffel whatsoever.	-	97-

: (Vuhltck Gtneraly) 490 GEO.TII. ?

50.	An Act to amend fo much of an Aft made in the Thirty-feventh

Year of His prefent Majefty, for granting to His Majefty certain Stamp Duties, as relates to the Limitation according to which the Difcount on Newfpapers is regulated. .	Page	98

51.	An Act to continue until the Firft Day of Augifl One thoufand

eight hundred and ten, and amend certain Afts for appointing CommiffiontrS' to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquifitesy and Emoluments received in feveral Publie Offices in Ireland $ to examine into any Abufes which may exift in the fame, and into the Mode of receiving, collefting, iffuing, and accounting for public Money in Ireland*	99

5a. An Act for railing the Sum of Six Millions, by Exchequer Bins, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nine.	roo

53. An Act for completing the Militia of Great Britain.	Ibid.

54. An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in Ireland. 114

55. An Act for reftifying Mfftakes in the Names of the Commif-

fiontrs appointed by an Aft of the laft Seffion of Parliament for appointing CommifOoners for carrying into Execution an Aft of thii Stifion of Parliament for granting to His Majefty a Duty on Pen-lions and Offices in England, and an Aft, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His prelent Majefty, for granting an Aid to His Majefty by a Land Tax to be raifed in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight* and for appointing other Conamiflioners together with thofe: named in the firft mentioned Aft, to put in Execution an Aft of this Seffiob of Parliament for continuing to His Majefty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, and on Penfions, Offices, and Perfonal Eftates in England, for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nine, alfo the faid Aft made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His prefent Majefty ; and for indemnifying fuch Perfons as have afted as Commiffionera for executing the faid Afts.	li6

56.	An Aft for completing the Militia of/r^/W.	ti8

57.	An Act for improving the Quality of Beer in Ireland, by further

preventing the Ufe of unmalted Corn, or of any deleterious or unwholefome Ingredients therein, and for the better fecuring the Colleftion of the Malt Duties in Ireland.	Ibid»

58.	An Act to explain and render more, effeftual an Aft paffed in

the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for the .Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies.	mq

£9. An Act to permit the Trade between Great Britain and the United States of America to be carried on in Ships or Veffels belonging to the Inhabitants of the faid States.	.	1if

60.	An Act for allowing the Importation from any Port in Europe of Africa, of Goods or Commodities the Growth or Produce of any

. Country, until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.	Ibid.

61 • An Act for making Sugar and Coffee of Martinique and Marie* galante liable to Duty on Importation as Sugar and Coffee not of the Briti/b Plantations.	128

62. An Act to amend feveral Afts for the Prevention of Smugglings for better fecuring the Duties on Coals, Culm, and Cinders j and

14	for

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

ton permitting tlie Export!tion of Salt, Pepper, and Wine 'fro&i Guamfey or Jerfty to Sarks in fmall Package**	Page J29

63.	An Act for repeating the Duties on the Materials ufed in making

Spread Window Glafs and Crown Glafe, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Colieftion of the faid Doties,	133

64.	An Act to amend an A ft paffed in the lad Stflion of Parliament

for enabling the Comroiffioners for the Rtduftion of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities.	144

63. An Act for giving Jurisdiction to Jufticea of the Peace to hear and determine Profecutions for Penalties incurred by any Offence againil the Laws relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms; and alfo requiring alt Goods, cudomable and not excifeable, feized by any Police or . Peace Officer, to be brought to the Cuttom- Houle Warehoufe in London* within a certain Period.	146

66.	An Act for the Abolition of certain Holidays, and for altering

and extending the Time for keeping optn the Chief Office of Excife.	150

67.	As M to amend an Aft paffei in the Forty-fixth Year of H»s

•	prefeat Majsfty, for the Red.-mption and Sale of the Land Tax, and

> to make further Provifion for exonerating fmall Livings and Charitable Inftitutions from the Land Tax.	Ibid.

68.	Ati Aft to explain and amend the Law of Baftardy, fo far a6

- relates to indemnify ing Parifhes in refpeft thereof.	152

69.	' An Act to indemnify Perfons who have inadvertently printed,

*	pubtifbtd* or difperfed Papers or Books without a full Dtfcription ■ of the Place of Abode of the Printers thereof, from Penalties

incurred under an Aft of the Thirty-ninth Year of His Majelty’s Reign.	156

70.	* A« Aft-to amend an Aft paffed in the Forty-eighth Year of

His prefeot Majefty, to enable His Majefty’s Poftmatler General of Ireland to purchafe Premifes for the Enlargement of the General Pott Office in the City of Dublin.	Ibid.

yi> An Act for ratling the Sum of Fourteen Millions Six hundred thoufand Pound* by way of Annuities.	Ibid.

Jt. An Aft'tocontinue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, certain Afttt of the Par-

•	lixment of Ireland. for the Improvement of the City of Dublint by making wide and convenient Paffages through the fame, and for regulating*he Coal Trade thereof, and for other Purpof»8. 157

73.	An Act tograuitto His Maiefty Duties upon Spirits made or dil-

tillcd in Ireland, and upon Britijh Spirits imported into Ireland, and upon Licences to fell Spirituous Liquors in Ireland in Quantities not lets -than Two Gallon*.	Ibid.

74.	* An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred agd ten, feveral Afts for granting certain Rates and

\ Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported'into and exported from ' Ireland.	158

yj. An Act to provide for the better Colieftion of the Duties and- Taxes on Carriages, Servant!, Horfes, and Dogs, in Ireland.	130

76. An Act for vefting- in the Lord Lieutenant ofby Advice

*	of -the Privy Council the Power of prohibiting the-Exportation

v •	and

 i^-ooQle

< {Puhlicl Gmttoh) 4/ Gib. Hi; ~

*	Coaft«^of	Saltpetre, Arms, AfTftnuni-

tion, and Naval Stores.	Page 165

77.. An Act to amend the feveral Afts for fecuring the Dudes or! Paper made in Ireland.	166

78.	An Act for railing the Sam of One Million two hundred and fifty

thoufand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Treafury Bills for the Service of Ireland.	*	167

79.	An Act for railing the Sum of Five hundred thoufand Pounds

by Treafury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thoufand eight hundred	and	ninu	Ibid:

3$ An Act for allowing Dealers to roift their own Coffee on certain Conditions.	168

81* An Act to amend feveral Laws of Excife relating to Paper, Silks, and Salt, and for authorizing the Seizure of Utenfils id Cafes where Veffcto ufed in Excife Manufactories are fubjtft to Forfeiture.	170

82.	Aft Aft to amend feveral Afts paffed in the laft and prefent Sef-

fion* of Parliament, relating	to the Local Militia.	175

83.	An Act for the Amendment of the Laws now in force in Ireland;

relative to Pcrfons entering into Recognizances in Criminal Cafes, in Cuftody under any Fine, or undet fuch Recognizance. .	176

$4* An Act for amending the Irijh Road Afts.	17^

85. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; for ho ding Courts Martial on Seijcant Maj >r?, Serjeant?, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences commited during-the Time fuch Militia (hall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers of the faid Militia during Peace.	189

8(5. An Act to make Provifion, in certain Cafes, for the Wives and Families of ballotted Men, Subftitutes, and Volunteers, fervine in the Militia of Ireland.	Ibid.

87.	An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the

Militia and Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nine.	196

88.	An Act for making Allowances in certain Cafes to- Shbaltern

Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while	dilembodied.	202

*9- An Act to revive and	continue	until the	Twenty-fifth	Day of

Mareh One thoufand eight hundred and ten, and amend fo much of an Aft, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of Hit prefent Majefty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England\ difembodied under an Aft of the fame Scffion of Parliament.	Ibid.

90. An Act for providing Relief for the Wives and Families of tho Militia Men in Scotland, when called into aftual Service. Ibid.

9*. An Act to empower the Judges to try Civil Caufes in their o^n Counties in .England.	2I5

9.2. An Act for charging the Sum of Eleven Million?, raifed for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and niner and the Sum of Seven Millions nine hundred and thirty-two thoufand one hundred* Pounds in Exchequer Bills, funded pur-

* fuant to an Aft of this Seffion of Parliament, upon the Duties

; granted to His Majefty during the Continuance of the prefent War,

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

War, and for certain Period* after the Ratification of a Deftihste Treaty of Peace.	Page	216

93. An Ad to enable the Commifiioners of His Majcfty’s Trcafury* to iffue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of fuch Aids or Supplies at have been or lhall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thonfand eight hundred and nine.	219

94^ Ah Ad for granting to His Majefty a Sum of Money to be raifed by Lotteries.	Ibid.

95.	An Ad for further regulating the Conftitution of the Board of

Commifiioners for auditing the publick Accounts.	221

96.	An Ad to provide for a durable Allowance of Superannuation

to the Officers of Excifc, under certain	Reftridions.	222

97.	An Ad for empowering the Board of Ordnance to exchange

Lands at Purjlectt io the County of EJfexy for other Lands in the faid Panlh.	224

98.	An Ad for repealing the feveral Duties of Cuftoms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof. Ibid.

99.	An Ad to amend the feveral Ads for the regulating and fecuring

the Colledion of the Duties on Spirits diftilled in Ireland$ and for the regulating the Sale of fuch Liquors by Retail.	388

100.	An Ad to amend the feveral Ads for fecuring the Colledion of

the Duties on Audions in Ireland.	403

to 1. An Ad to reguiate the Fees payable by Pcrfons charged with Treafon, Felony, and all other Offences, at Aflizes and Quarter Stffions in Ireland; and for amending an Ad of the Parliament of Ireland, made in the Thirty-fixth Year of His prefent Majsfty* relating thereto;	404

lot. An Ad to appoint Commiffioners to enquire and examine, until the Ffrlt Day of Augu/l One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, into the Nature and Extent of the feveral Bogs in Ireland, and the Pradicability of draining and cultivating them, and the bed Means ot effeding the fame.	408

103. An Ad to amend an Ad made in the laft Seffion of Parliament, for making Provifion for the building and re-building of Churches, Chapels, and Glebe Houles in Ireland.	410

J04. An Ad to amend feveral Ads made in the Parliament of Ireland) for granting Life Annuities with Benefit of Survivor-ffi«p.	414	.

105. An Ad to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, an Act of this prefent Scffioq of Parliament, to fufpend the Importation of Eritijh or Irijh made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland reipedively.	Ibid.

J06. An Ad for allowing further Time for taking Goods out of Warthoufe, and paying Duties thereon.	415

107.	An Ad for the more effedual Recovery of Penalties and

Forfeitures, incurred in the Britijh Colonies and Plantations in America.	416

108.	An Ad to amend the feveral Ads refpeding the Payment of

Wages and Prize Money, and Allotment, of Wages, to Perfona ierving in His Majefty’s Royal Navy.	417

209. An Ad to repeal feveral Ads refpeding the Woollen Manufacture, and to amend other Ads relating to the faid Manufacture;

aad



. (Pttbliii' General) 490 GEO. HL *

and for allowing Perfons employed in any Branch of the Woollen Manufyfture to fet up Trade in any Place in Great Britain.	Page	424

no. An Act to reftify a Miftake in an Aft made in this Semon of Parliament, for continuing and making perpetual feveral Duties of One Shilling and Sixpence on	Offices and Employments.	430

ui. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, an Aft of the Forty-fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, for appointing Commiffioncrg to enquire into the publick Expenditure, and the Conduft of the publick Bufinefs in the Military Departments therein mentioned.	431

lit. An Act to amend an Aft palled in the Forty-fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, to provide for the Defence of the Realm, with refptft to the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments for tho publick Service.	Ibid.

nj. An Act for better regulating the Office of Agent General for Votunteers and Local Militia.	432

114.	An Act for enabling His Majefty to raife the Sum of Three

Millions for the Service of Great Britain.	436

115.	An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England.	437

116. An Act to make further Provifion for the Execution of the feveral Afts relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Tnings* under the Management of the Commiffioners of Cufioms and Porjt Duties, and of the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes* in Ireland.	441

117.	An Act for lowering the Duty of Excife on Coffee, of the

Growth of His Majefty'* Dominions in Africa.	454

118.	An Act for better fecuring the Independence and Purity of

Parliament, by preventing the procuring or obtaining of Seats in Parliament by corrupt Praftices.	Itid.

119.	An Act to give to the Perfons named by His Majefty, purfuant

to an Aft paffed in the laft Seffion of Parliament, intituled, An Atf concerning the Adminijlration of Ju/licc in Scotland, and concerning Appeals to the Houfe of Lords, further Time for making their Report or Reports.	457

120.	An Act for amending and reducing into One Aft of Par-

liament the feveral Laws for railing aBd training the Militia of Ireland.	'	Ibid.

121.	An Act to alter and amend the Laws relating to Bank*

rupts.	508

122.	An Act for preventing	Frauds and Depredations committed on

Merchants, Ship Owners, and Underwriters, by Boatmen and others; and alfo for remedying certain Defcfts relative to the Adjuftment of Salvage in England, under an Aft made in the Twelfth Year of jQueen Anne.	515

133. An Act to explain and amend an Aft made in the Forty-fifth Year ot His prefent Majefty, for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effeftually manning His Majefty’s Navy during the prefent War; and for the further Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effeftually providing for thq Intereft of the Royal Hofpital for Seamen at Greenwich, and the Royal Hofpital for Soldiers at Ch»lfea \ and to extend the Provifiqos

 CjOOQle

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

of the faid Aft to Cafes arifing in confequence of Hoftilities commenced fince the pafling of the faid Aft.	Page 527

124. An Act for altering, emending, and explaining certain Afts relative to the Removal of the Poor, and for making Regulations in certain Cafes touching the Examination of Paupers as to their Settlement; and for exterding to all Parifhes certain Rules and Orders in Workhoufes, under an Aft of the Twenty.fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An A8 for tbe better Relief and Employment of the Poor•	547

12 c. An Act to amend an Aft made in the Thirty-third Year of His prefent Majefty, for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies.	549

126.	An Act for the further Prevention of the Sale and Brokerage

of Offices.	5£j

127.	An Act for further augmenting the Salaries of ceitain of the

Judges of the Courts in Weftminfler Hall and of the Chief and Second Juflice of Chefter, and juftices of the Great Seffions in Wales.	558

An Act for granting to His Majefty certain Sums of Money out of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nine; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Scffion of Parliament.	561

J29. An Act to prevent the enlifting of Local Militia Men into the Regular Militia of any other County or Stewartry than the County or Stewartry to which they belong.	569

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

6R PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

it A N Aft for continuing the Term and Powcts of feveral Afts pafTcd for repairing the Harbour and Quay of Watchett, in

. the County of Somerfet.	Page	</0

ii.	An Act for amending an Aft of the Forty-fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, for regulating certain Fiflieries io the County of

' Cumberland, and other Places therein mentioned, fo far as refpefts the Filhery in the River Derwent.	Ibid.

iii.	An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the

Aberdeenjhire Canal Navigation to raife the nectflary Fund to cothplete the fame.	Ibid.

iv.	Afr Aft for morfe effeftually improving the Streets, Lanes, aad

Publick Paffages, in the Town of Gainjborough in the County of Lincoln, and for laying a Duty on Coals [and Lime} brought to the faid Town to be fold.	Ibid.

y. An Act for making ao4 maintaining a Road from Rotherham to Swiriton, in the W^ft Riding of the County of Tori.	571

yi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers pf Two Afts of Hts prefent Majefty. for repairing the Road from AJhbourn^ to tidbtaji andTrtraf’SidH&ty t6 ToxallBridge t‘aid ffoni Hatton'moor

to



Google

{Local (5* PerfotialJ) 490 GEO. Ill,

to Tutbnry, in the Counties of Derby and Stafford, and for poking; Two new Branches of Road to communicate therewith. Page 57£

vii.	An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of

His late and prefent Majefty, for repairing feveral Roads in tfae Counties of Derby, Leicefier, and Warwick.	Ibid*

viii.	An Ad lor inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Radclffe, and

the Townfhip of Ainfworth, in the Parifh of Middleton, in the County Palatine of Lancqfier.	Ibjd1

fat. An Ad for inclofmg Lands in the Townfliipa of Workington apd Winfcalcs, and Minor of Workington, in the Parifh of WorkingtonK in the County of Cumberland.	Ibid.

x.	An Ad for amending fo much of an Ad of .the Torty-firft Y$ar

of Hi9 prefent Majefty, for building and keeping in Repair the Pier at Sbeemefs, in the Ifle of Sheppy, iu the County of Kent* and for otiier Purpofes therein-mentioned, as relates to the faid Pier.	Ibid

xi.	An Ad to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of an Ad of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from the Townfhip of Saltney, in the County of Flint, to the Town of Flint. Ibid*

xii.	An Ad for making and maintaining a Road from Horfhaj*

to join the Turnpike Road leading to Guildford, with Two; Branches therefrom, in the Counties of $uffex and Surrey.	Ibid4

xiii.	An Ad for inclofmg Lands in the Parifhes of Boconock, Brad-

dock, and Saint Winnow, in the County of Cornwall.	57^:

xiv.	An Ad for more tffcdually repairing, improving, and keeping

in Repair feveral Roads in the Counties of Brecon, Radnor, and; Glamorgan, and for making and maintaining Two n$w Branches of Road to communicate therewith.	Ibid.

xv.	An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of Hif;

prefent Majefty, for repairing feveral Roads in the Counties of Carmarthen and Cardigan, fo far as relates to the Llandovery Diftr^d, and for amending certain other Roads communicating therewith.	Ibid.

xvi.	An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Ads of

His late and prefent Majefty,	for repairing the Road between

Ilockliffe in the County of Bedford and Stony Stratford in the: County of Buckingham•	Ibijt

xvii.	An Ad to enable the Brijlol Dock Company tomorrow a further

Sum of Money for completing the Improvements of the Port apd Harbour of BriJloL	/bid-

xviii.	An Ad for eftablifhing and well-governing the Charitable 1%^ ftitution called The Society of Stewards and Subfcribers for maintaining, and educating Poor Orphans of Clergymen until of Age tfi be put Apprentice j and for incorporating fuch Society; and for more effe&ually enabling them to carry on their charitable and ufeful Dcfigns. Ibid.

xfac. An Ad for enl^ging the Term and Powers of feveral Ads oft His late and prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Halifax, in the Weft Riding of the County of Tork.	579

xx. An Ad to alter and amend an Ad of the. Parliament of Ireland patted in the Thirty-third Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An AS refpeSing the ColleBion of publick Monty to be levied m the Counfy of the City	Dublin by Preferment; and for the better Re-v

gulation of the Mode of Ele&ion and Qffe^.	of	the

publick Money of the City of Dublin.	' .	Ibid*

,	7	xxi.'An



The TITLES of the STATUTES,

Xxt. An Act for extending the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh; for difannexing Part of the Parifh of Saint Cuthbert’s from the faid Parifh, and uniting it to the Parifh of Saint Andrew; for further regulating the AfTeffment for the Poor in the faid Parifhes ; for erefting Two new Churches j for difcontinuing certain Churches, and annexing the Parifhes thereof to other Parifhes; for further regulating the Revenues of the faid City applicable to the Payment of Minifters* Stipends, and for draining the Meadow on the South Side of the faid City.	Page 586

xxii.	An Act for explaining and amending an Aft pafTed in the

Thirty-tirft Year of His prefent Majefty, for the better Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the Parifh of Sunderland near the Seat in the County Palatine of Durham, and for increafing the Rates therein direfted to be impofed.	Ibid.

xxiii.	An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road

from the River Severn at the Quay in the City of Gloucejler, to or near to a certain Gate in or near the Town of Chelten/jam in the County of Gloucejler, called The Knapp Toll Gate, with a collateral Branch to the Top of Lcckhampton Hill, in the Parifh of Lechhamp■ ton, in the faid County.	Ibid.

xxiv.	An Act for the further Improvement of the Harbour of Car-

•	narvon in the County of Carnarvon, and for other Purpofes relating

thereto.	587

xxv.	An Act for better fupplying the Inhabitants of the Town of

Rochdale and the Neighbourhood thereof with Water.	Ibid.

xxvi.	An Act to continue and amend Two Afts for repairing and widening the Road from the prefent Turnpike Road at Haverhill to Redcrofs in the Parifh of Shelford in the County of Cambridge. [but.

xxvii.	An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Afts of His prefent Majefty, for repairing feveral Roads

•	therein deferibed, fo far as the fame relate to the Road from the

Turnpike Road between the Town and County of Poole and Wimborne Minjler in the County of Dor/et, to the Turnpike Road between Blandford Forum and Dorchejler in the County of Dor/et.	Ibid.

xxviii.	An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Afts of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads from

k Kippingrs Crofs to Lamberhurjl Pound and Pullen's Hill, in the ! County of Kent, and to Fhmwell Vent in the County of Svffex, and certain other Roads in the faid Afts deferibed.	Ibid.

xfcix. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Firft . . fmall Bridge or Culvert which croffes the prefent Turnpike Road from Cheltenham to Gloucejler, on the Gloucejler Side of Staverton Bridge, to join the fame Turnpike Road in the/Townof Cheltenham in the County of Gloucejler.	*	588

xxx. An Act for maintaining and repairing the Road leading from the City of Glafgow, through Cowcaddens, to that Part of the River of Kdvin called The Mtlnford of Garfcube.	Did.

xxxi* An Aft Tor more effeftually making and repairing the Great - North Road leading from the North Shiecnsfcrry in the County of ‘ Fife to the City ok Perth, and to the Town of Dunfermline.	Did•

xxxii.	An Act for altering an Aft patted in the Forty-fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, for repairing Roads in the County of 'Ayr*	.	^	Didi

‘"s	4	xxxiii. An

Digitized *by Google

{Local £$* Ptrfonalj) 490 GEO. 1JI.

xxxiii.	All Aft to continue the Term and enlarge the Power* of Three Aft8 pafled in the Fourth Year of His late Majefty, and the Sixth and Twenty-fixth Years of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Godfione in the County of Surrey, to HighgaJe in the Parifh of Eafi Grinfiead in the County of Sujfex. Page 5*88

xxxiv.	An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of feveral Afts for

repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner adjoining to Enfield Chafe in the Parifh of South Mims in the County of Middlcfcx, to" Lemsford Mill in the County of Hertford.	Ibid*

xnv. An Act for allowing the Timber on Part of the fettled Eft ate* of Dame Jane Sl John Mildmay Widow, in the Counties of EJfexy Somerfet, Dorfet, and Southampton, to be cut down, and for applying the Monies thence arifing in the Purchafe of Eftates to be fettled in Manner therein mentioned.	Ibid*

xxxvi.	An Act for repairing and amending certain Roads in the

County of Peebles, and for better regulating the Statute Labour within the fame.	Ibid

xxxvii.	An Act for rendering more effeftual feveral Afts for re-

pairing the Turnpike and other High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, and for repairing the Roads from the City of Edinburgh: to the Town of Leith.	Ibid*

xxxviii.	An Act for more effeftually making and repairing the

Road from Carlowrie Bridge on the River Almond, to Linlithgow Bridge on the River Avony and other Roads in the County of 2»w-litbgow*	5^9

xxxix.	An Act for more equally and effeftually affeHing and col-

lefting the Poor Rates within the Parifh of Saint Anne (commonly called Saint Anne Ltmeboufe) in the County of Middlefex•	Ibid.

xl. An Act for better affcfling and collefting the Poor and other Rates in the Parifh of Saint Nicholas, in the City of Rochefiery in the County of Kent, and regulating the Poor thereof	Ibid.

xli. An Act for repealing an Aft paffed in the Twenty-fifth Year of , His prefent Majefty, for the Improvement of the River Wear and Port and Haven of Sunderland\ in the County Palatine of Durham# and for the more effeftual Prefervation and further Improvement of the fame River, Port, and Haven.	Ibid

xlii. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of the feveral Aft* relating to the Stratford-upon-Avon Canal Navigation.	Ibid.

xliii. An Act for amending and rendering more effeftual an Aft paffed in the Fifteenth Year of His prefent Majefty, for draining and preferring certain Lands and Grounds in the Parifhes of tViflech• Saint Peter’s and Wifbech Saint Mary’s, and in the Hamlets of Wifieeb Murronu and Wtjbech Guyhirn, in the I lie of Ely, and County of Cambridge.	*	Ibid*

xliv. An Act for inclofing and draining Lands in the Parifhes of.

Thurlion, Haddifcoey and Thorpe next Haddifcoe, in the County of ■ Norfolk.	Ibid*

xhr. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of feveral Aft* of Hi* late and prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Har» love Bujb Common to §tump Crs>Jjy in the County of Ejfex. 590 ihri. An Act for enlarging the Term and-Powers of Two Afts paffed' •‘in the Seventh and Twenty-eighth Years of His'prefent Ma-*	amending and widening the Road from the Bell Ini^pX

"**?"**»*#> “	pfc,	..

the





The ^ITtES of the STATUTES,

. the £?e*t Turnpike Road from Stratford-upon-Avon, in the County of Warwick^ to Birmingham, in the fame County.	Page	590

xlyii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft pafled in the Twenty-eighth Year of Hi« prefent Majeftr, for widening and keeping in Repair the Road from the Town of Walfall to Ham-Jlcad Bridget and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Stafford*	Ihid1

xlviii. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of fcveral Afts of His late and prefent Maicfty, for repairing the Road from Dapdon Wharf, near Guldeford, through Guidrford, to A fold Bars.. in the County of Surrey.	Ibid.

xli*. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His prefent Majeftv, for repairing the Road from Handcrofs to Hen field, and from Seeding to Horjham, in the County of Suffix. Ibid.

1.	An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His. prefent Majefty, for amending the Road from Teddington to the Turnpike Road betwetn Evejbam and PerJbore% in the County of Worcejlert and for making a new Piece of Road to communicate therewith, in the County of Gloucefler.	Ibid1

li. An Act for repairing, widening, and improving the Road leading from the Town of Rickmerfworth, in the County of Hertford, through the Village of Pinner, by Harrow~en-the-HilU in the County of Middlefext to or near the Swan Publick Houfe at Sudbury Common, in the Turnpike Road leading from Harrow to , London.	Ibid

Hi. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of fo much of Two Afts for repairing the Road from the End of the County of Stafford, in the Poft Road towards the City of Chtfter, through Woore, in the County of Salop, to Nant~_ wich in the County of Chc/lert and from Nantwicb to Torpor by, t and from thence through Tarvin, in the faid County of Chcfier, to the faid City of Chcfier t and the Road from Northwich to the^ Crofs in Tarvin aforelaid, as relates to the Second Didrift of Roads comprized in the faid Afts,	Ibid.

liii. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Aft for repairing the Road from Blackburn to Burfcough Bridget in the County of Lancafier.	591

iiv. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Afts of His prelent Majefty, for repairing the Road from, the Town of Tenter den to the fcveral Places thereia mentioned, in the County of Kent.	IbidI

Iv. An Act for continuing Two Afts of the Sixth and Twenty* fixth Years of His prelent Majefty, for repairing fcveral Roads leading from the Town of War eh am 3 and in Purbeck, in the County of Dorfet.	»	^	Ibid.

ivi. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Afts for repairing the Road from the South End of Newton Abbott to the Psffage Way hi Kingfwear, oppofite Clifton, Dart% month, Ifardnefs, and other Roads thereia mentioned, all m the ' County of Devon,	Jbid.

lvii. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powmc * of fe viral Afts pafled for repairing the Road from Crasfard Bridge, in the County of Middleftn, to. that End of Maidmbmd Bridge

which het m the County of Bucky*u?4	Ito Btod

* * * «



Google

{Local & Ferfonal,) 490 GEO. III.

. from Slough to a certain Place in Eton, and from Langley Broom to Datchett Bridge, in the County of Buckingham.	59	c

lviii. An Act for more effiftuslly repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounflow Heath, in the County of Middftfex♦ to the Twenty Mile Stone on Egham Hill, in the County of *SV/rrcy.	/&</.

lix. An Act for veiling a Workhoufe and PremiCes. fituate in the City of Londonderry, in Truftees to be fold, and for applying the Purchafe Money in building another School Houle, and for better regulating the fame.	Ibid,

Ik. An Act for inclofing Lands in the Townfliip of Kelfal, in the Parifh of Tarvin, in the County Palatine of Chejler,	Ibid1

lxi. An Act for inclofing Lands in the Townlhips oVIJan Trewyn, Bodlowydd, and Bryn-cymme, in the Manor of Llanelidan, in the Parifh of Llanel\dati> in the County of Denbigh,	Ibid.

Ixii. An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Bradwell, Belton, • and Fritton, in the County of Suffolk.	592

Ixiii. An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Corton, Hopton9 and Gorlejlon, in the County of Suffolk.	Ibid.

lxiv. An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Great Witchingham, in the County of Norfolk.	Ibid.

Ixv. An Act for inclofing L inds in the Parifh of Smonburn9 in the County of Northumberland.	Ibid.

Jam. An Act for inclofing Lands in the Townlhips of Elton and Winjler, in the Parifh of Toulgreave, in «he County of Derby. Ibid,. Ixvii. An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Barton-in-the-Clay, in the County of Bedford.	Ibid.

Ixviii. An Act for inclofing Lands in the Manor and Townfhip cf Allerjlon* in the North R’dingof the County of York.	Ibid.

Ixix. An Act for making Provifion for fuch of the Sub-Regiftrars or Deputy Regiilrars of the High Court of Chancery as from Age or Infirmity fhall be affl ft^d with permanent Debility, and be incapacitated for the due Execution of their Office ; and for making further Provifion for the Two Seniors of the faid Regiffrars, for the Clerks in the R^giitrar’s Office, for the Mailer of the Re-* port Office, and for providing additional Clerks in the Report Office of the faid Court, and for making other Payments and Regulations in refpeft of rht faid Offices.	Ibid.

lxx. An Act to amen \ and enlarge the Powers of an Aft, palled in the Forty-fixth Year .of His prefent Majefty, to enable the feveral Perfons therein named to difpof? of the feveral Houfes therein mentioned in London and Wejlminfter, by Lottery.	597

Ixxi. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Stainforth and Keadby Canal Navigation to raife a further Sum of Money for the Difcharge of their Debts, and to finilh and complete the faid Canal Navigation, and for amending the feveral Afts pa fled relative thereto.	Ibid.

lxxii. An Act for amending, altering, and enlarging, the Powers of the feveral Afts relating to the Warwick and Napton Canal Navi-gation.	598

Ixxiit. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of the feveral Afts palTed for making a navigable Canal from the Trent to the Merfeyt and other Canals connefted	therewith.	Ibid.

49 Geo. III.	b	Ixxiv,	An

 CjOOQle

xviii

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

Ixxiv. An Act for exp'aining and amending Two Ail? for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde to the City of Glafgow.	Page	598

Ixxv. An Act to enable the Juflices of the Peace for the feveral Parts of bind/ey. Kejleven, and Holland, constituting the Three Divifions of the County of Lincoln, to provide a convenient Houft, with fuitable Accommodations, for His Majetty’s Judges at the Aflizes for the laid County.	Ibid.

lxxvi. An Act for regulating the Police of the Town and Liberties of Kinfale, and for the Regulation and Improvement of the Port and Harbour of the faid Town, and of the Fifherics thereof, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.	Ibid.

Ixxvij. An Act to continue the Term, and render more effeftual, feveral Aft* pafied for opening, cleanfing, repairing, and improving the Harbour of Southwold. in the County of Suffolk.	Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act for amending Lv-ral Afts for making navigable the Rivers Wye and Lugg. in the County of Hereford\ and for making a Horte Towing Path on certain Parts of the Banks of the faid River Wye.	Ibid.

lxxix. An Act for brtter paving, repairing, cleanfing, lighting, and watching the feveral Streets, and other publick PafTages and Places, within the Town and Franchise of Swanfea, in the County of Glamorgan, and for removing and	preventing	Nuifances, Annoyances,

and Obftruftions there n.	599

lxxx. An Act for the better fupplying the City of Dublin with Water.	Ibid.

Ixxxi. An Act to authorize the raifmg of Money to defrav the Expencea of erefting a Prifon and publick Offices in the Town of Birminghamf in the County of Warwick.	Ibid.

lxxxii. An Act to revive and continue the Term and Powers of certain Afts, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street at Snow Hill, and for raifmg on the Credit of the Orphans1 Fund certain Sums of Mmey for thofe Purpofes.	Ibid,

btxxiii. An Act for the Improvement of the Pafiage acrofs the Frith of Forth, called The Queensferry.	Ibid.

Ixxxiv. An Act for buitding a new Bridge acrofs the R’ver Tone, and enlarging the Bridce at Shuttern, both in the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerfet, and alfo for widening and improving the Approaches to the faid Bridges, and removing and preventing Obftruftions	and Nuifances thereon.	Ibid.

Ixxxv. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Wsnfum, between the Scite where the Gates called King Street Gates formerly flood, and Carrow Abbey, to the Hamlet of Thorpe, in the County of the City of Norwich.	6co

lxxxvi. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of Two Afts of His prefent Majefty, for amending the Road from the P.nfold in Balby, in the County of Torl% to Workfop, in the County of Nottingham.	Ibid.

lxxxvii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from a Place called Nantgaredig% adjoining the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Llandilofawr to the Town of Carmarthen, through the Village of Brechfa to the River Tivy near Llanlooney Churcly and

atf»



XIX

{Local y PerfonaU) 40* GEO. IIIi

at To a Road from Brechfa aforcfaid to the Village of LlanfawdU all in the County of Carmarthen*	Pa%c	6co

lXxxviin An Ad for continuing the Term, and enlarging tht Powers of an Ad of His prefent Majefty, for atriend'ng the Road leading from Congleton to Colley Bridge. and other Roads in the faid Act mentioned, in the	Counties of Chejler and lierby.	Ibid•

Ixxxix. An Ad for making and maintaining Turnpike Roads for the Town of Malmejbury, to or near to the Town of IVootton Baffett% Sutton Benget Church, and Dauntfey Gate> in the County of Wilts*	Ibid.

xc. An Ad for repairing and maintaining the Road frotti IVootton Baffet in the County of Wilts. to the Two Mile Stone on the Turnpike Road from Swindon to Marlborough in the faid County.	6or

xci. An Ad for amending and improving the Road from the North End of the Town of Tonbridge to the Village of Ightham, and Two other Roads communicating with the fame, all ia the County of Kent.	Ibid*

Xcii. An Ad for amending and improving the Road from Stockerf* head at the Top of Charihg Hill, to a certain Place where th$ fame joins the Road from jljhford to Canterbury, all in the County of Kentk	Ibid*

xciii. An Ad	for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers

of Two Ads of His prefent Majefty, for amending the Road from the End of the County of Stafford to the City of Chejler, and from North wich to Tarvin in the County of Chejlet, and other Roads in the faid Ads mentioned, fo far as refpeds the Third Diftrid of the faid Road?.	Ibid.

Xciv. An Ad for making and maintaining a Road over Horley Common in the County of Surrey* to a Place called Bldck Corner, and from thence to join the Brighlhelmjloii Turnpike Road at Cuckjield, in the County or Suffex.	Ibid.

xcv. An Ad tor enlarging the Term and Powera of Two Ads of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Tunbridge JVells in the County of Kent, to the Crofs Ways near Maresfield Street, and from Florence Farm to Foreft Row, io the Countv of Suffex.	Ibid.

xcvi. An Ad to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Ad of the Thirty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefty for amending the Road from or near Edenjield Chapel to the Townlhip of Little Bolton, and for making and maintaining a Road from the faid Road at or near Booth Pits, to or near Bury Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lane after.	Ibid*

xcvii. An Ad to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road leading from Reading in the County of Berks, through Henley in the County of Oxford, and Great MarloW to Hatfield in the County of Hertford; and alfo the Road leading out of the faid Road at Marlow over Great Marlow Bridge	through Ryfam	to	Or	near the Thirty

Mile Stone in the Road leading from Maidenhead to Reading afore-laid.	Ibid.

Xcviii. An Ad for effeding the Sale of an Eftate at Tachbrool in the County of Warwick, devifed by the Will of John Norris Efquire, dcccafcd y and for applying	fufneient	of	the	Money	in difeharging

b a	Incumbrances



The TITLES of the STATUTES,

. Incumbrances on certain E'lat^s at Cwmyoy and Lantlyony in the Counties of Monmouth and Her for/I; and h r paying the Refidue thereof to Walter Salvage Latulor Efquire ; *nd for fettling the faid Ell ate* at Cwmyoy and Lanthony to the Ufe of the Will of the fa id jfohn Norris	Page	601

xeix. An Art for inclofing a Moor or Common called Middiehcpe within the Park and Foreft of Weardale in the Parilh ct Stankopr, in the County of Durham.	Ibid,

c. An Art for divid ng end allotting Lands in the Parilhcs of Barf or d Saint Martin and South Newton, and for extinguilhir.g R'ghts of Common in othtr Lands in or adjoining the Parifhe9 of Barf or d Saint Martin aforcfaid, and Baverjlock, in the County of Wilts.	Ibid.

ci. An Art to explain and amrrd an Art paflVd in the Thirty-eighth Year of His pretent M jelly, for ir.cioling Lands in the Manor and Parifli of Portlury, in the Countv of Somerft. Ibid. cii. An Art for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Cheadale, in the County of Stafford,	Ibid,

ciii. An Art for inclofing Wade Lands in the Townflrp of Lfcard in the Parilh of Wallafey, in the County Pa’atine of Chefler. Ibid, tiv. An Art for inclofing Lands in the Manor of IVhiflort and Parilh of Kingsley, in the County of Stafford.	Ibid.

cv. An Art for mcloting Lands in the Parilh of Bledlow, in the .

County of Buckingham.	Ibid,

cvi. An Art for incloting Lands within the Manor and Townlhip of Idle, in the Parilh of Calverley in the Well Riding of the County of Tcrk.	603

evii. An Art for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Marfworth, ir. the County of Buckingham.	Ibid,

cviii. An Art for inclofing Lands in the Manor and Parilh of Long Wittenham, in the County of Berks,	Ibid,

cix. An Art for inclofing Lands in the Manors of Aldon and Stoke St. Milborough, in the County of Salop,	Ibid,

cx. An Art for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Stockton, in the County of Wilts,	Ibid.

cxi. An Art for repealing fuch Part of an Art palT d in the Forty-third Year of PI’S prefent Majelly, as impofes a certain Proportion of the County Rate for the County of Kent upon the Eaftern Divifion of the faul County, and certain Proportions upon the Weftern Divifion of the faid Cnunty ; and alfo. io much of an Art palled in the Forty feventh Year of His piefert Majelly, for empowering the Juftices of the Prace for the County of Kent, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the faid County, as direrts the Churchwardens and Overfeers therein mentioned, to make certain Returns of the Rental or Value of Ellates within their Parifhes at the Periods and in the Manner therein mentioned, and impofes a certain Penalty upon fuch Churchwardens and Overfeers for making Default therein, and for amending the Powers and Provifions of the faid Arts,	Ibid,

cxii. An Art for altering, amending, and enlarging tke Powers of * feveral Arts for making and maintaining the ^Thames aod Severn Caoal Navigation.	608

cxiii. An Art for enlarging the Powers of Two Arts of His prelent Majefty, fo far as relates to the eftablilhing a nightly

Watch,



{Local & Perfonal,) 49° GEO. III.

Watch, and for maintaining the Poor within the Parifh of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlefex.	Page 60S

cx;v. An Act for buiiding a Chapel of Eafe in the Town of Worth-ing, in the County of Sujfex.	609

cxv. An Act for amending an Aft of the Ferty-third Year of H13 prefent Majeily, for paving and improving the Town of Worthing, in the County of Sujfex, and for building a Market Houfe and elUblilhing a Market in the faid Town.	.	Ibid.

cxvi. An Act for building a Church on Gatejhead Fell, in the Parifh of Gatejhead.	610

cxvii. An Act to amend and render more efLftual Two Afts for the Maintenance and Support of the Pier and Harbour, and paying and lighting the Town of Margate, in the County of Kent.	612

cxviii. An Act for better Applying with Water the Borough of Portfmouthi and the Parifhes of Portjmouth and Portfea, and Places adjacent, in the County of Southampton.	Ibid.

cxix. An Aft fer effecting the Drainage and Imorovement of the L.-*nJs and Grounds lying in the late Great Common in Sutton Saint Edmund's, within the Parifh of Sutton Saint Mary otherwise Long Sutton^ in the County of Lincoln ; and for authorizing the Drainage and Improvement of the Lands and Grounds lying in the late Little Common in Sutton Saint Edmund's aforefaid. 613 cxx. An Act for embanking, inclofing, and draining Lands within the Parifh of Frijkeney, in the County of Lincoln.	Ibid.

exxi. An Act for mak'ng and keeping in Repair a Road or Paffage for Horfes on the Banks of the River Severn, between a certain P ace at Coalbroohe Dale to and above the Weljh Bridge in the Town of Shrewjbury, in the County of Salop, for hauling and drawing Veffels along the faid River.	614

cxxii. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Aft pafled in the Thirtieth Year of His prefent Majefty, for better Applying the Town and'Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Water, and for more effeftually lighting and cleanf-ing the Streets and other Places within the faid Town and Neighbourhood, and for removing and preventing Nuifances and Annoyances therein ; and for erefting a Court Houfe and Prifon tor the Borough of Leeds, and for widening and improving the Streets and Paflagts in the faid Town.	Ibid.

cxxiii. An Act to alter and explain Two Afts to enable the Globe Infurance Company to fue in the Name of their Treafurer, and to inrol Annuities.	.	Ibid*

' exxiv. An Act to alter and explain Two Afts for enabling the Pelican Life Infurance Company to fue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inrol Annuities.	615

exxv. An Act to alter and. explain Two Afts for enabli ng the Albion Fire and Life Infurance Company to fue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inrol Annuities.	Ibid.

exxvi. An Act for widening and altering Qufe Bridge over the Riv r Oufe, and Fofs Bridge over the River Fofs, in the City of York ; for widening, railing, and improving certain Streets,.Lanes, and Railages leading and near to the Lid Bridges; and for making certain other Improvements in the Lid City.	Ibid.

cxxvii. An Act for confolidating ard lifting the Powers of feverai4 Afts* paffed for amendfug fevtral Roads near the Boron.*h of

B 3	/Jhbui ton

 v^ooQle

wil

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

AJhhurton and the Town of Newten Bujbell, and from or near the North Side of the Town ot Totnefs towards AJhburton aiore-faid, for building a Bridge acrofs the River Dart, at or oear a Place calltd Emmett, in the County of Devon, and for amending and improving: the faid fevtral Roads.	Page	6if

cxxviii. An Ad for continuing, explaining, and amending an Ad paffed in the Forty-fecond Year of His prefcnt Majefty, for repairing and improving the Roads leading from the Stones End in Kent Street, in the Parifh of Saint George Southwark, to Dart-ford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey.	616

cxxix. An Ad fo^ inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Bettwe-Abergele* in*the County of Denbigh.	Ibid*

exxx. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Caerwys, in the County of Flint.	Ibid.

cxxxi. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Eaton, in the County of Nottingham.	Ibid.

cxxxii. An Ad for incloGng Lands in the Parifh of Woodjlone, it the County of Huntingdon.	Ibid.

cxxxiii. An Ad for incloGng Lands in the Parifh of King's CMc% in the County of Northampton.	Ibid*

cxxxiv. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of Cadeby and Parifh of Spotborough, in the Countv of JVi.	Ibid*

cxxxv. An Ad for incloGng Lands in the Parifh of Gatejhead, in the County of Durham.	617

exxxvi. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Glatton-with-Holm in the County of Huntingdon.	Ibid*

cxxxvii. An Ad for the Application of the Purchafe Money of certain Lands, taken from the Pofftffions of the See of Winchcjlert under the Provifions of an Ad of the Forty-fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Act for vejling certain Mejfuagcs, Lands, *Tenements% and Hereditaments in 7 ruflees, for better fecuring His Majcjly's Docks, Ships, and Stores at Portfmouth, and for extending the Works and Lines at Dover.	Ibid.

cxxxviii. An Ad for enabling the Kennet and Avon Canal Com* pany to raife a fufficient Sum of Money to complete the faid Canal, and for amending the feveral Ads for making the fame.

Ibid.

cxxxix. An Ad for ereding a new Gaol and Hnufe of Corredion, and new Courts of Juftice, in and for the County Palatine of Durham, and purebafing proper Scites for the fame; and fer difpofing of the old Gaol and Houle of Corredion and Courts of Juftice there; and making an equal County Rate for thofe Purpofes.	^	Ibid*

Cxi. An Ad for paving, cleanfing, lighting, watching, and other* wife improving the Streets and other Publick Paifages and Places in the Town and Borough of Qfwejtryt in the County of Salop*

<5i&

cxli. An Ad for the more eafy and fpeedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parifh of Merthyr Tidfil, and other Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Glamorgan, Brecon, and Monmouth*

Ibid.

cxlii. An Ad for build&g a Bridge acrofs the River Thames, from or near Vauxhalf Turhpike, in the Parifh of Saint Mary Lam-

bethj



XXUl

(Local & Perfonal\) 49* GEO. III.

beth, in the County of Surrey, to the oppofite Shore, in the Parifh of Saint John, in the C>ty and Liberty of Wejiminjler, and County of Middlefex, and for making convenient Roads thereto.

>	Page 618

cxliii. An Act for taking down and re building the Whole or Part of a certain Bridge called Wallingford Bridge, in the Bo* rough of Wallingford, in the County ot Berksy and for opening, widening, and improving the Avenues or Approaches to the faid Bridge.	619

cxliv. An Act for taking down and re building certain Parts of North Bridge and Tic If or d Bridge, in the Parishes of Newport Pagnell and Lathbury, in the County of Buckingham, and for widening and making more commodious the laid Bridges, and the -Approaches thereto.	Ibid\

cxlv. Ao Aft for repairing and maintaining the Road from Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford to Abbots Bromley, and from Bagots Bromley to the prefent Turnpike Road at or near Shirley Wicb, in the fa*d	County.	Ibid.

cxlvi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His prefent Majrfty, for repairing the Road from Carmarthen to Lampeter fontfephen, in the County of Cardigan, and other Roads in the fa*d Aft mentioned, fo far as the fame relate to the Carmarthen Diftrift of Roads, and for confolidating in the fame Aft and Trull certain other Roads in the faid County of Carmarthen.

Ibid.

cxlvii. An Act for making and repairing a Road from Soho Hill, in the Parifh of Handfworth,	to the WaTfall Turnpike Road, on the

Nor hern Side ot Hamjlead Bridge; and alfo another Road from Brown's Green to a Houfe called The Friary, all in the County of Stafford.	'	62©

cxlviu. An Act for veiling the fettled and other Eftates of John Pierfon Foote Efquire, in the Parifh of Calfock, in the County of Cornwall\ in Truftees upon trull, to fell and to ftand pofFeffed of the Money arifmg from the Sale thereof, upon the Trulls therein mentioned.	Ibid.

extix. An Act for enabling the Minifter and Churchwardens of the Parifh of AUhallows Barking, in the City of London, to grant a Leafe of certain Eftates belonging to the fame Parifh, purfuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpofe.	Ibid.

cl. An Act for ioclofing Lands in the Hamkt and Chapehry of Wheat-ley, in the Parifh of Cuddefden, in the County of Oxford. Ibid. cl;. An Act for iticloiing Lands in the Parifh of Hayes, in the County of Middlefex, and for extinguifhing the Tithes in the faid Parifh.

Ibid.

clii. An Act for indofing Lands in the Parifhes of Maxey with Deepingate, Northhorough, G Union with Pea kirk, Etton, and Kelp-Jlone, m the County ot Northampton.	Ibid.

chii. An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Sheldon, Ayme-frey, and Lingen,. in the County of Hereford, and for extingu;fh-mg Tithes in thofe Parifhes.	Ibid.

cliv. An Act for inclofing Goring Common, or Goring Heath, and certain Wafte Lands, in the Parifh of Goring, in the County of Oxford.	Ibid.

b 4	civ.	An

 C^ooQle

xxiv

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

civ. An Ad for continuing the Term of, and altering and amending an Ad, palled in the Forty-fifth Year of His prefect Majrity, for repealing two Ads of His late Majeftv, for the Regulation of Laftage and Ballaftage in the River Thames, and to make more dfedual Regulations relating thereto.	Page	621

clvi. An Ad to alter and amend feveral Ads patted in the Fortieth, Forty-fourth, Forty-fifth, Forty-fixtb, and Forty-feventh Years of His prtfn t Majefly, for making Wet Docks, Bafons, Cuts, and other Wcrk«, ^or the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for other the Purpofes therein mentioned relating thereto, and to enlarge the Powers and Authorities by the faid Ads granted to the London Dock Company.	Ibid.

civii. An Ad for amending an Ad for better fupplying the City and Liberties of Wejlminjler, and Parts adjacent, with Water, and for enlarging the Powers thereof,	624

clviii. An Ad tor making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from the Summit of the Hill above Churchway Engine, in the Foreft of Dean, in the County of Gloucejler, to a certain Place in the faid Fore ft called Cinderford Bridge.	Ibid

clix. An Ad for making and maintaining a Railway from the River v Wye, at or near to a Piace called Lidbrook, in the Parith of Ruardean, in the County of Gloucejler, to or near to a Place called the Lower Forge, below Newern, in the Parilh of Lydney, in the faid County, and for making other Railways therein mentioned in the Foreft of Dean, in the County of Gloucejler.	625

clx. An Ad to continue and amend feveral Ads for repairing Roads in the County of Dumfries, and converting the Statute Labour within the faid County into Morey.	/bid.

clxi. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of feveral Ads of His late and preient Majeliy, for repairing the Roads from Mead Brook, in the County of Gloucejler, to Cbrijlian Malford Btidge, in the County of Wilts, and other Places therein mentioned, and for extending the faid Road to the Centre of Cbrijlian MaL ford Bridge.	Ibid.

clxii. An Ad for the Exchange of Part of the Settled Eftates of the Earl of Guilford and for the Sale of other Part, to difeharge a Mortgage thereon,	and	for	other Purpofes.	Ibid.

clxiii. An Ad for the Partition of certain Settled Eflates of John Wharton Efquire, fituate in the Counties of Tork, Wejlmorland, and Durham.	626

dxiv. An Ad for	vefting	certain	Eftates	in the Counties of Kent

and Suflcx, deviftd by the Will of John Hutton Efquire, deceafed, , in Trufttes to be fold, and far inverting the Money arifing therefrom in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled to the fame Ufee.	Ibid.

clxv. An Ad for vefting Part of the devifed Eftates of John Ttrel Morin Efquire, deceafed, fituate in the Counties of Buckingham and Middlefex, in Truftees to be fold, for difeharging Incumbrances affeding the fame, and for laying out the Refidue of the Monies to arife by fuch Sale in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Eftates intended to be fold.

Ibid. clxvi. An



Google

XXV

(Local y Perjbnaly) 490 GEO. III.

clxvi. An Act for veiling the detached Parts of the Eftates of William Farrer Efquire, deceased, in Truftecsfor Sale, under the Direftion of the Court of Chancery, for paying the Incumbrances affefting the fame.	Page 626

clxvii. An Act for veiling Part of the Real Ellates, in the County of Lincoln, deyifed by the Will of Henry MaJJingberd Efquire, de-ceafed, in Truftees to be fold, and for applying Part of the Pur-chafe Money in paying off certain Incumbrances affefting the faid Eftates, and for laying out the Refidue thereof in the Pur-chafe of other Ellates to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	Ibid.

clxviii. An Act for vetting certain Ellates late of the Honourable George Jocelyn deceafed, in the County of Dublin, in Truftees to be fold, and for laying out the Monies thence ariling in the Pur-chafe of Government Securities, to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Ellates fold.	Ibid.

clxix. An Act for vetting in Truftees a certain Traft of Open Pafture Land called Box Moor, in the Parilh of Hemel-hemffted. in the County of Hertford, upon certain Trulls, applying the Produce thereof, and for better fecuring the Rights ot the refpeftive Parties entitled to the	faid	Moor.	Ibid.

clxx. An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Dronjield, in the County of Derby.	Ibid.

dxxi. An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending an Aft, paffed in the Twenty-fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for laying a Toll upon all Horfes and Carriages palling on a Sunday over Black-friars Bridge, and for applying the Money to arife thereby towards increafing the Fund for watching, lighting, cleanfing, watering, and repairing the faid	Bridge.	627

clxxii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers cf Three Afts, made in the Fo-ty-fecond, Forty-fourth, and Forly-fixth Years of the Rugn of His prefent Majefty, for making, maintaining, watching, hghring. and watering feveral Roads to communicate with the JVeJl India Docks, in the IJle of Dogs, and the Eajl India Docks at Blackwall, both in the County ot Mid-dlefex\ and alfo of feveral Afts for repairing the Cannon Street Road, in the laid County ; and alfo for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering a new Road ^rom the faid Road communicating with the Eajl India Docks, to Barking, in •the County of EJfex ; and for enlarging the Powers of an Aft palTed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent M3jeftv. for making and maintaining a Road from the Romford and Whitechapel Road to or near to Tilbury Forty in the County of EJfex.	Ibid.

clxxiii. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Afts of the Sixth and Twenty-eighth Years of His prefent Majefty, for repairing feveral Roads leading to the Town of Dart-fora, in the County	of Kent.	Ibid.

fclxxiv. An Act for	extending and enlarging the Powers or	Autho-

rities given by an Aft palled in the Thirty-feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Mqefty, intituled, An Ha for the Enfran-chifement of Copyhold and Cujlomary Lands, Parcel of the Manor of Arundel, and other Manors entailed by the A8 of Parliament of the Third of Charles the Firjl, and for the Sale <f Tithes edfo entailed by the faid AB.	Ibid.

clxxv. An

 v^.ooQle

«?i

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

clxxv. An Ad to empower the Truftees under the Will of the Right Honourable Edward late Lord Thurlow to grant in Fee upon Fee Farm Rents, or for long Terms of Years, certain Eftates by the fame Will devifed in Truft for Sale, and to pull down the Manfion Houfe called Knight's Hill, and to make Roads and to enfranchife Copyholds, and for other Furpofes.	Pogc 627

dxxvi. An Ad for vetting an Eftate, in the County of Lincoln, devifed by the Will of Francis Lord Le Defpcnccr, in Truftees, upon Truft, to fell the fame, and with the Money arifing therefrom to difeharge the Incumbrances thereupon, and to lay out the Surplus in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	Jbid.

clxxvii. An A d for effeding the Sale of certain Eftates devifed by the Will of Henry Partridge Efquire, dectafed, and for laying out the Money toarife by fuch Sales in the Purchafe of other Eftate?, and for fettling the fame to the like Ufet.	6*8

clxxviii. An Ad for veiling certain detached Parts of the Eftates devifed or limited to ttrid Ufes by the Will of the Right Ho* pourable William late Lord Craven deceafed, and fituate in the County of Gloucefler, in Truftees, to be fold, and for applying Part of the Monies arifing from the Sale thereof, in d'fcharge or an Incumbrance fublifting thereon, and for laying out the Refidue of fuch Monies in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	Ibid.

clxxix. An Ad for veiling certain Eftates, late of Thomas Hodg-kins Efquire, lying in the refpedive Parifhes of Walfall aod Aldridge, in the County of Stafford, in Truftees, in truft to fell the fame, and apply the Purchale Monies arifing therefrom in paying off all Incumbrances upon fuch Eftates, and otherwife, under the Di-redions of the High Court of Chancery.	Ibid.

clxxx. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Pariih of Shambrook, in the County of Bedford.	Ibid.

clxxxi. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Wiljhomjlead, in the County of Bedford.	Ibid.

clxxxii. An Ad to enable the Royal Exchange Infnrance Company of Ireland to fue and be fued in the Name of their Secretary. Ibid. clxxxiii. An Ad for making new Sewers and Drains and amending the prefent Sewers and Drains within certain Diftrids uoder the Jurildidion of the Commiflioners of Sewers for the Limits extending from Eafl Mouldfey in Surrey, to Ravenfbome io Kekt, and for other Purpofes relating to the Execution of the Commiifion of Sewers for the faid Limits.	IbidL

clxxxiv. An Ad for rendering more effedual Two Ads paffed for the better regulating the Poor in the Pariih of Saint Mary Magda« len, Bermondfey, in the County of Surrey ; for inclofing the Church Yard thereof, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned relating thereto.	Ibid.

clxxxv. An Ad to enable His Majefty to grant the Moot Hall, Grand Jury Room, and certain Grounds and Buildings adjoining thereto in the Cattle Garth, within the Scite of the Old Cattle of Newcaftlc*ufion Tyne, to the Juftices of the Peace for the County of Northumberland, tor building Courts of Joftice, and alfo a Gaol for the faid County, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned re* lating thereto.	629

clxxxvi. An



{Local & Perfmal not printed,) 490 GEO, III.

ckxxvi. An Ad for making and maintaining a Road from the Borough of Southwark to the Kent Road in the County of Surrey.

Page 629

clxxxvii. An Ad to reoeal fo much of an Ad patted in the Forty-eighth Year of His prefent Majefty, for inclofing Waftes in the Town (hip of Minera in the County of Denbigh, as fubjeds the / Owners of certain Mines there to Damages for working the fame, and as authorizes any Perfon to get Stone from any Mines of Stone in the faid Waftes.	Ibid\

clxxxviih An Ad for making and maintaining a Road leading from Barmouth in the County of Merioneth, to Traethmawr in the County of Caernarvon* and for budding a Bridge at Traethbach, in the faid County of Metioneth.	Ibid.

dxxxix. An Ad for fupplymg with Water the Inhabitants of Dept-ford, Greenwich, and feveral other Parifhes and Places in the Counties of Kent and Surrey.	Ibid.

cxc. An Ad for the better Government of the Watermen working on the Pattage between Go [port* Portfmouth, and Portfea, and other Place;- within Portfmouth Harbour, and to and from Spit-head* St. Helen's, and other Parts within the IJle of Wight, in the County of Southampton, and to and from certain Places in the faid KhncS and for regulating the Fares of fuch Watermen. 630 exci. An Art for building a Bridge over the River Thames from the Pfecud of the Savoy, or near thereunto, in the County of Middkfex, o the oppofite Shore, and for making convenient Roads and Avenues to communicate therewith, in the County of Surrey.

639

cxcii. An Ad for more effedually fupplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Towns of Manchejler and Salford in the Parifh of Manchejler, in the County Palatine of Lancafler.	640.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

NOT PRINTED.

*, A N Ad to ditto’ve the Marriage of the Right Honourable John Lord Boringdon with the Right Honourable Augufla Lady Boringdon hi* no w Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purpofee therein mentioned.

2.	An Ad for inclofing Lands inthe Parifh of Langley Matjht in the County of Buckingham•

3.	An Ad tor inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Hurfley and the Manor of Murdon, in the County of Southampton.

4.	An Ad for inclofing Dcnjbaw Moor, in the Townfhip of Quick within Saddlewortb, in the Weft; R'ding of the County of Tork. [.Allotment to the King, in right of his Duchy of Lancafter, as feifed to himfelf his Heirs and Succejfors of the Honour of Ponte trad,

, in the County of York.]

5.	An Ad to diffolye the Marriage of JeJfe Gregfon Efquire, with Grace Clpfe his nose Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purgpfcs therein mentioned.

6. An

xxvii



xxviii

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

6.	An Act to difToTve the "Marriage of Richard Campbell Bazett with Mdrgaret Ann Bazett his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

7* An Act for naturalizing George Dettmar.

8.	An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Barton Turf in the County of Norfolk.

9.	An Act for naturalizing Peter Urbanis Sartoris.

10.	An Act for naturalizing Rudolph Ackermann.

11.	An Act for inclofing Lands in the feveral Tithings of Orchejlon Saint George and ElJlon% in the Parifh of Orchejlon Saint George, in the County of Wilts.

12.	An Act for naturalizing Samuel Traugott Gruttner.

13.	An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Dean% in the County of Cumberland,

14.	An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the Open ami Commonable Lands in the Parifhes of Congrejbury, Week Saint Lawrence, and Puxtony in the County of Somer/et,

15.	An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of RotherJlthorpey in the County of Northampton.

16.	An Act for inclofing Lands in the feveral Parifhes of Llan-fadwrn, Llandilovawr, and Cayo, in the County of Carmarthen.

17.	An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Echelferd, other-wife Ajhford, in the County of Middlefex.

[Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.']

18.	An Act for allotting Lands in the Parifh of Croxton, in the County of Lincoln. [And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

19.	An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Sherringham, in the County of Norfolk.

20.	An Act for eoclofing Lands in the Townfhip of Cudworth, in the Parifh of Royjlon, in the Weft Riding of the Countv of York. [Allotment to the King, in right of his Duchy of Lancaller, as Lord of the Honour of Pbntefraft.J

21.	* An Act for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of Putfion Jack-ling, in the Weft Riding of the County of York.

[Allotment to the King, in right of his Duchy of Laocafter, and as Lord of the Manor of Purfton Jaclding.]

22.	An Act for inclofing a Traft of Land called Woolridgey in the Parifhes of Saint; Mary de Lode, or Hartpury, in the County of Gloucejler.

23.	An Act for inclofing Lands in f^ie Parifh of Dry Drayton, in the County of Cambridge. [And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

24.	An Act to difTolve the Marriage of Sir George Berriey Bro-grave Baronet, with Emma Louifa Brograve his now Wire, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

23. An Act to difTolve the Marriage of Peter Campbell Junior, Efquire, with Elizabeth Lewis Woollery his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

26.	An Act for naturalizing Adrian Moeris.

27.	An Act for naturalizing Chrifian Frederick Kahle.

28.	An Act for enabling the mail: Noble Elizabeth Duchefs Dowager of Chandos and the Right Honourable John Lord Hen*

niter,



(Local 1st Perfonal not printed,) 49° GEO. III.

nilert to grant a Leafe of certain Lands in the County of Suffex, for the Term of Ninety-nine Years, to Edward Frijby Howls, purfuant to ah Agreement entered into in that Behalf.

29.	Aq Ad for empowering the Judges of the Court of S'-ffion in Scotland to fell certain Parts and Portions of the entailed Ellate of Caffillis for Payment of the Debts contracted by David late Earl ot CaffiUis, and (till owing ; and for altering in Part an Ad, patted in the lafl Stffion of Parliament, concerning the Ellate of Cullean.

30.	An Ad for vtfling the Lands of Glenkinglasx and certain other Lands, being Part of tbe Lands contained in a Deed of Entail, executed by the deceafed Sir Duncan Campbell, of Lochnell, upon the Fifteenth Day of May One thouland feven hundred and fixty-two, in Truftecs, in truft, to fell the fame, and invell the Money arifing by fuch Sale in the Purchafe of other Lands, to be fettled and lecured to the fame Series of Heirs, and under the fame Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the aforefaid Deed of Entad.

31.	A^ Ad for empowering the Judges of the Court of Sefiion in Scotland, to fell certain Parts and Portions of the entailed Ellate of Lochlane, fituated in the County of Perth, which belonged to and was entailed by the late Anne Campbell, otherwife Menxies, of Fairntoun, fufficient for Payment ot her D-.bts, and to raife a Sum for the Purchafe of other Lands and Hereditaments, contiguous to, and convenient for, the laid entailed Ellate, to be entailed in the like Manner, in iieu of the Parts and Portions fold.

32.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of High OJJley, in the County of Stafford.

33.	An Ad lor inclofing Lands in the Townfhips of Rothwell with Roy dr, and Oulton with Woodles ford, in the Well R'ding of the County of Tori. [And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

34.	An Ad for indoiing Lands in the Parilh of Abbotfbury, in the County of Dorfet. [Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.]

35.	An Act for dividing and inclofing Lands in the Parifh ot Comp-ton Valienee, otherwife Eajl Compton, in the County of Dorfet.

36.	An Ad for allotting Lands in the Parifh of Fordham, in the County of Cambridge. [And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

37.	An Ad ror allotting Lands in the Parifh of Pimperne, in the County of Dorfet. [Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.']

38.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Bourn, in the County of Cambridge.

39.	An Ad lor inclofing Lands in the Manor and Parifh of Engle• field, in the County of Berks.

40.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Tithing of Plujb, in the County of Dorfet.

41.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of Normanby and Parifh of OrmeJby> in the North R’ding of the County of Fork.

42.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Seamer, m the North Riding of the County of Fork.

[Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.]

43.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Iccomb. in the County of Worcejlcr. [And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

44.	An Ad to render valid and tffedual the Proceedings of the Commiflioners under an Ad for dividing and inclofing the feverai open Fields and Watte Grounds, in the Parifh of Bar wick in Elmet9 in the County of Fori.

4j. An



Google

xxix

XXX

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

45.	An Alt for inclofing Lands in the Pari(h of Chilton FoBat, in the Counties of Wilts and Berks.

[.Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.]

46.	An Ad tor inclofing Lands m the rarifh ot Bunwell\ in the County of Norfolk.

47.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of Altofts, in the Parifh of Nomumton, in the Weft Riding of the County of Tori.

48.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Chidham, in the County of Sujfex.

49.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Llanfmach, in the County of Pembroke.

50.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Berrynarbor, in the County of Devon. [Andfor making Combenfation for Tithes. ]

51.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Marjke, in the County of York.

52.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Thoralby, in the Parifh of Aifgarth, in the North Riding of the County of York.

33* An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Lingfteld, in the County of Surrey.

54. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Wheatacre All Saints 9 in the County of Norfolk.

[Andfor making Compenfationfor Tithes. ]

53.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in Glenfield, in the County of Lei-cejler. [And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

56.	An Ad for inclofing the Open and Common Fields, in the Parifh of Angmering, otherwife Eajl Angmering and Weft Angmering

. annexed, in the County of Sujfex.

57.	An Ad to enable the Reverend George Marwood (lately called George Metcalfe), and his IfTue, to take, ufe, and bear the Surname and Arms of Marwood\ purfuant to the Will of Jane Turner, Widow, deceafed.

38.	An Ad for naturalizing Charles Cummerow.

39,	An Ad for empowering the Judges of the Court of Seflion in Scotland to fell fuch Parts of the entailed Eftate of Pitreavie in the Parifh of Dunfermline and County of Fife in Scotland, now belonging to Shovel Blackwood Efquire, as (hail be fufficicnt for Payment of the Debts affeding the fame*

60.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in and adjoining or near to the Parifh of Mordiford, in the County of Hereford•

61.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Ravenfden, in the County of Bedford. [Andfor making Combenfation for Tithes.’]

62.	An Ad to amend an Ad pafTed in the Forty-eighth Year of His prefent Majefty, for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Bodham, in the County of Norfolk•

63.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in Longfuttont in the County of Somerfet•

£4. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Milton, in the County of Berks•

63. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Manor and Parifh of Sutton9 in the County of Surrey.

66.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Townfhips of Nannauuwch-r-Afon, Nannau-is’-r-Afon, and Llanelltyd, in the Parifhes of Lion-fachreth and Llanelltydf in the County of Merioneth.

67.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the rarifh of Weft Wratting, in the County of Cambridge• [And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

68. An

 ^ooQle

[Local	PerformI not printed,)	490 GEO. III.

68.	An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Bafldon, in the County of Berks.

69.	An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Irton, in the County

of Cumberland\	£Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes

yo. An Act for inclofin? Lands in the Parifhes of Sampford Pe• verell, BurltJcombe, and Halberton, in the County of Devon•

71.	An Act to amend an Aft pafLd in the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Mijefty for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Holt and Letheringfett, in the County of Norfolk.

72.	An Act for inclofing Lands in the Vill, Hamlet, or Parifh of IVarntngcamp, in the County of Suffex.

73.	An Aft ror inclofing Lands m the Parifh of Ilfington, in the County of Devon•

74.	An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of North Creake, in the County rf Norfolk.

75.	An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Wenjley, in the County of Tork.

76.	An Act for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Carperby and Parifh of Aifgarth♦ in the County of Tork.

77.	An Act for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of Horbury in the Parifh of Wakefield. in the Weft Riding of the County of Tork.

78.	An Act for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip or Hamlet of CuL Rngworth in the Manor and Parifh of Bingley, in the Weft Riding of the County of Tork.

79.	An Act for inclofing Linds in the Parifh of Wefl Wellow, in the County of Wilts.

80.	An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Gillingham and Motcombe, in the County of Dorfet.

8r. An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Great Wafhboume, in the County of Gloucefler.

82.	Au Aft for confirming and eftablifhing the Divifion and In-clofure of certain Lands in the Hamlet of Longthorpe, in the County of Northampton. [Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.]

83.	An Act for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of North Duf Jieldi in the Parifh of Skipwith, in the Eaft Riding of the County of

Tork* [Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.2

[Afo Leafe flail be made of Vicarial Allotments without Confent of the King, as Patron of the Vicarage of the Parifb and Parifh Church of Skipwith.]

-84. An Act for naturalizing Guflavus Weflin.

85. An Act for naturalizing Henry Myers.

$6. An Act for naturalizing John Hordman.

87. An Act for felling the Lands and Eftateof Appine, fituated in the County of Argyk> and a Salmon Fifhing fituated in the County of Jnvernefs, which were comprized in a Deed of Entail made by George late Marquis of Tweeddale, and the Truftees appointed by George fometime'Marquis of Twetddale deceafed, and for inverting the Money arifing by fuch Sale in the Purchafe of other Lands to be fettled and fecurcd to the fame Series of Heirs, and under the fame Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the aforefaid Deed of Entail.

38. An Act to enable the Reftor of the Parifh and Parifh Church of Saint Mary Woolwich, in the County of Kent, for the Time beingf to grant Building Leafe3 of the Glebe Lands belonging to

1	the

xxxi

 C^ooQle

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

the faid Reftory, and to fell the prefent Rectory Houle and Gar* den, and to build a new Reftory Houfe.

89.	An Act for changing the Scite of Holland, Fen Chapel\ and for authorizing the Ereftibn and Eftablifhment thereof in the Parifh of Fofdyke, in the County of Lincoln, in Head of in the Parifh of Algarktrke, in the faid County.

90.	An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Bredwardine and the Townfhip of Doifon, in the Parifh of Dorjlon, in the County of Hereford.

91.	An Act for inclofing Linds in the Parifhes of Flitton-cum Silfoe and Pulloxhill, in the County of Bedford.

[/Indfor making Compcnfation for Tithes.

92.	An Act for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip nnd Manor of Leatonf iu the Parifh of Saint Mary in Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop.

93.	An Act for inclofing Lands in the Manor or Lordfhip of Wejl Kington, in the Parifh of Wejl Kington, in the County of Wilts.

94.	An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Forncett Saint Peter# and Forncett Saint Alary, in the County of Norfolk.

95.	An Act for inc’ofincr Lands in the Tithing of Wejl Mclburyt in the Parifh of Cann Saint RumboUU in the County of Dorfet

96.	An Act for inclofing Lards in the Townfhip of Skelton, in the Parifh of Howden, in the Ealt Riding of the County of Fork.

[And for making Compcnfation for Tithcs.~\

[iVo Leafe Jhall be made of Vicarial Allotments without Confent of the King, as Patron of the Vicarage of the Parifh and Parifh Church of Howden.]

97.	An Act for inclofing and reducing to a Stint feveral Commons and Watte Grounds within the Townfhip and Manor of Aujlwick• in the Parifh of Clapham9 in the Weft Riding of the County of Fork.

98.	An Act for inclofirg Lands in the Parifhes of Strumpjhaw and Surlingham, in the County of Norfolk.

99.	An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Whittle ford, in the County of Cambridge. [And for making Compenfation far Tithes.3

ICO. An Act for 'inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Bijbopjlon and Mancell Lacy, otherwife Much Manfell, in the County of Hereford.

101.	An Act for inclafing Lands in or appertaining to the Manor and Townfhip of Birkin9 in the Weft Riding of the County of Fork.

102.	An Act for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip, Hamlet, or Manor of Stanton9 in the County of Derby.

[Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.]

103.	An Act for fettling and fecuring the Lands of Tippermalloltv9 Meckven9 and Whitebank9 and the Lands of Cloag or Cloyock, and other Hereditaments lying in the County of Perth, to and in favour of Robert Smythe of Methvcn Efquire, and the Series of Heirs mentioned, and under the Conditions and Limitations fpecified in a Deed of Entail made by David Smythe fometime of Methven9 deceafed, and in lieu thereof, for vetting certain Parts of the Lands, Lordfhip, Barony, and Regality of Methveny and of the Lands and Barony of Rcilour9 lying in the faid County, in the faid Robert Smythe and his Heirs and Aifigns in Fee Simple.

104.	Aa

{Local & Ter final not printed,) 490 Geo. IIF..

*04. An A61 for inclofing Lands in the Pari(h of Stokeintinhead, in the County of Devon.

J05. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Swanton, Abbot* Lamas, and Buxton, in the County of Norfolk..

[Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.]

106.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of B'tjhopflone, other-wife Bufbopjlone, in the County of Wilts.

[Andfor moling Compenfation for Tithes.]

107.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the rarifh of Chatteris, in the Ifle of Ely, and County of Cambridge.

[ And for making Compenfation for Tithes. ]

108.	An Ad for naturalizing Nicholas Henry,

109* An Ad for uniting the Redory and Parifh Church of Stan* mer, in the County of Suffex, with the adjoining Vicarage and Parifh Church of Falmer 5 and alfo for exchanging the Parfonage Houfe and Glebe Land of Stanmer, and the Vicarage Houfe of Falmer for a Piece of Land at Falmer, Part of the fettled Eftates of the Right Honourable Thomas Earl of Chichejler, and for a new Parfonage Houfe to be built thereon* at the Expence of the faid Earl.

110. An Ad for effeduating a Partition direded -by the Court of Chancery of certain Fee Farm and Annual Rents arifing and iffuing within the Counties of EJfex and Huntingdon, and of divers Meffuages, Parcels of Ground, and Hereditaments fituate in the Parifh of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlefex, devifed by the Will of Henry Bujby Efquire, deceafed.; and aifo for enabling the Truftees or Perfons in Poffeffion, as Tenants for Life, of certain of the Premifes to grant Building Leafes, and for other Pur-pofes.

in. An Ad to enable the Company of Armorers and Brafiers in the City of London to fell and convey to the Governor and Compauy of the Bank of England feveral Lands and Tenements in the Parifh of Saint Clave Jewry, London, formerly of Dame Elizabeth Morrys, tlifeharged from the Trufh for charitable Purpofes affeding the fame* by virtue of the Will of the laid Dame Elizabeth Morrys,, and to fubjed other Lands and Tenements of the faid Company of Armorers and Brafiers to the like Trulls.

112. An Ad for ihclofing Lands in the Townfhip of Hclperby in the Parifh of Brafferton, in the North Riding of theCounty of Tori.

[Anafor making Compenfation for Tithes.]

[No Leafe Jball he made of Vicarial Allotments without Confent of the King as Fair on of the Vicarage of Brafferton.]

49 Geo. HI.





Google

JuJl Publijhed,

IN THESE VOLUMES IN QUARTO,

THE STATUTES AT LARGE, from the Union wit* Ireland, 41 Geo. III. (1801.) 1049 Geo. III. (1809.) inclufivej-With Notes and a copious Index to the whole.

By T. E. TOMLINS, Efq.

[ThisEdition if continued annually; and any Volume or Seffioa< may yet be had feparatcly.J

In the Prefsy a new Edition of

THE STATUTES AT LARGE, from Magna Carta to the Union of the Kingdoms of GreAt Britain and Ireland*. 41 Geo. III. (1801.J with a mew and copious Index.

Edited by T. E. TOMLINS and JOHN RAITHBY, Efqrs,-Barriftcrs at Law.



Google

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Brltanmarum Regis* Quadragefimo nono.

9 A T the Parliament begun and hoiden at Wejlminjler, the Twenty-

*	jlJL fecend’Day of June, Anno Domini 1807, in the Forty-feventh

*	Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, 4 by the Grace of Godl, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and 4 Ireland* King, Defender of the Faith $ and from thence continued,

*	by feveral Prorogation?, to the Nineteenth Day of January 1809;

4 being the Third Srffion of the Fourth Parliament of the United 1 Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland/

C A P. I.

An Act for continuing to His Majefly certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pen-fions, Offices and Perfonal Eftates in England; for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nine.

[22d February 1809.]

c Moft Gracious Sovereign,

9 "\\J E, Your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subjects the Com-

*	VV mon9 of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, ‘ in Parliament aflembled, towards railing the neceffary Supplies to ‘ defray Your Majefty’s publick Expences, have freely and voluntarily

*	refoived to give and grant unto Your Majefty, the Rates, Duties, and

*	Impofitions, herein-after mentioned : And do moft humbly bcfeech

*	Your Majefty that it may be enafted and be it enafted by the King's moit Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, Thu within and throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales* and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, the Duty for and upon all Malt which, in and by One Aft of Parliament palled in the Firft Year of His Majefty's Reign, intituled. An AS for continuing and granting to His Majefly certain Duties upon Malty Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Tear One thoufand frven hundred and

Jixty-one. was granted or continued to His Majefty until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand (even hundred and fixty-two, and which, by feveral fubfequent Afts, has from Time to Time been granted and continued to His Majefty until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred aud nine, (hall be further con-49 Geo. III.	B	tinued

[See Chapter 32 of this Sejfion, for permanent Duties of is. and 6 d. on Offices, &c.\

Malt Duty i|i England under 1 G. 3. c.3.

(laft continued by 48 G. 3. C. 2.) further eon tinued to 24 June 181W

2

C.i.

49° GEO. III.	A.D.	1809.

Duties on Malt madeinScotland, Sd. per Bufhd.

Duties fhall be raifed as under former Aft*.

Except as to compounding for. Duties.

tinued in like Manner, and (hall be and is by this Aft charged for or upon all Malt which (hall be made within that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, from and after the Twenty-third Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and nine, and before the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and ter.

II.	And be it further enafted by the Authority afovefaid, That within and throughout that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, there (hall be railed, levied, collected, paid, and fatisfied, unto and for the Ufe of His Maj^fty, His Heirs and Suc-ceflors, for 2nd upon all Mait, the Duty herein-after mentioned, (that is to fay): For and upon every Bulhel of Malt, which at any Time or Times, from and after the Twenty-third Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and nine, and before the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and ten, (hall be made of Barley or any other Corn or Grain in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever (whether the fame (hail be or not be for Sale) the Sum of Three-pence, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefs Quantity, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof refpeftively.

III.	And be it further enafted, That the faid feveral and refpeftive Duties by this Aft granted and continued refpeftively, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and ten, (hall be raifed, levied, collcfted, and paid urto His M^jefty, His Heirs and SuccefTope, during the Time and Term aforefaid, by the fame Ways, Means, and Methods, and by fuch Rules and Directions, and with fuch and the like Allowances and Repayments proportionably, and under fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, and with fuch Power of Mitigation, and other Powers in aU Refpcfts. not otherwife direfted by this Aft, as are preferibed, mentioned, or rxprefied in the faid former Aft or in any other Aft or Aft3 of Parliament thereby referred unto, or any of them, for or concerning the Duties by them or any of them granted or continued, or by any other Aft or Afts of Parliament now in force relating to the railing, levying, collecting, fecuring, and managing fuch Duties ; and that the fame Aft formtrly made and paflkd, and the faid other Afts hereby referred unto, as for and concerning the faid Duties upon Malt, and every Article, Rule, Claufe, Matter, and Thing, in them or any of them contained, or thereby referred unto, and now being in force, and not otherwife altered by this Aft, (hall be and continue in force and cfFeft, to all Intents and Purpofes, for railing, levying, collefting, fecuring, and accounting for the Rates, Duties, and Impofitions hereby granted and continued refpeftively, and for levying and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures, and making any Mitigations and proportional Allowances, and all other Matters and Things during the Continuance of this Aft, as fully as if the fame were particularly and at large repeated in the Body of this prefent Aft; fave and except as to fo much of the faid Afts, or either of them, herein mentioned or referred unto, as gave Power to the CommiGloners of Excife, or to any other Perfon or Perfons therein named, in England amd Scotland refpeftively, to compound and agree with any Perfon or Perfons for the Duties of fuch Malt which fhould grow due or payable from him, her, or them, by the faid Afts or either of them; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notyvithftanding.

IV. < And

 CjOOQle

3

A.D.i8o9<

49° GEO. m.

C.i

.. IV. 4 And Whereas it is the true Intent and Meaning of this prefent 2o,oooJ. (hall b« c Aft, that the full and entire Sum of Twenty thoufand Pounds of ^edinScotland 1 lawful Money of Great Britain, clear of all Charges and Ex pences * of Management and Colleftion, (hall be raifed out of that Part of *P 4 Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year One 4 thoufand eight hundred and nine, by a Malt Tax, to be raifed and 4 levied as in England, by a Duty of Three-pence per Bufhel on all 4 Malt made and confumed in Scotland; and in cafe the faid Duty of 4 Three-pence per Buftiel upon Malt, to be charged in Scotland by 4 virtue of this Aft, being duly furveyed and collefted, (hall not be 4 fufficient effeftually to raife and anfwer the faid Sum of Twenty 4 thoufand Pounds in nett Money, after all Charges and Deduftioos 4 whatfoever, that then fuch Deficiency (hall be made good by a Sur-4 charge to be made upon all Makers of Malt in that Part of Great 4 Britain called Scotland, in proportion to the Malt they (hall re-4 fpeftively make between the Twenty-third Day of June One thoufand 4 eight hundred and nine and the Twenty-fourth Day of June One 4 thoufand eight hundred and ten ;* Be it therefore enafted by the Authority aforefaid, That after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One |n cafe of thoufand eight hundred and ten, in cafe it (hall appear to the Com- Deficiency, a miffioners of Excife for the Time being, in that Part of Great Britain Surcharge (hall called Scotland, that the Duty upon Malt made in Scotland, by this Aft granted as aforefaid, Ihall not be fufficient to anfwer the clear Sum of L Twenty thoufand Pounds as aforefaid, then and in fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful for the faid laft-mentioned Commifiioners of Excife, and the Officers under them, to make a proportional Surcharge upon all and every Perfon and Perfons who (hall have made any Malt in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ within the Year ending the T venty-fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and ten, or fo much Money, by way of additional Duty, upon all the Malt made by fuch Perfon or Perfons refpeftively, as (hall make good fuch Perfon or Perfons proportional Part of fuch Deficiency; which faid Surcharges (hall be paid to the refpeftive Collectors of the faid Duties on Malt by the refpeftive Perfons on whom the fame (hall be fo made, within One Month after the fame (hall be fo furcharged, or in default thereof, the refpeftive Perfon or Perfons who (hall negleft'or refufe tD make fuch Payment, (hall forfeit Treble the Sum upon him, her, or them, refpeftively furcharged as aforefaid, to be recovered in fuefi Manner as the Duty of Three-pence per Bufhel may be recovered by virtue of this Aft, or any other Aft or Afts of Parliament hereinbefore recited or referred unto ; which faid Surcharge by way of addn tional Duty for making good the Deficiency of the faid Sum of Twenty thoufand Pounds (if any fuch Deficiency there (hall be) (hall be computed and fettled as followeth; (that is to fay,) as the particular Quantity of Malt made by each fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt ip Scotland, within the faid Year ending the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and ten, (hall bear Proportion to the whole Quantity of Malt made in Scotland within the fame Year, fo the particular Surcharge to be made upon fuch particular Maltfter or Maker of Malt, for or towards making good the faid Deficiency (hall bear Proportion to the whole Sum which (hall be found to be deficient as aforefaid.

V. Provided neverthelefa, and be it declared by the Authority afore- SurPlus (if ®ny)

laid. That if the faid Rate of Three-pence per Buftiel (hail produce a

B2

greater Scotland, under

13 G. 1. c. 30.



Google

4

C.i.

Aft (hall relate to the fame Days ©f the Year as 1 G. 3. c. 3.

Malt brought into England from Scotland by Sea (hall be entered at the Port of landing, and pay 3d. per Buthel additional.

Malt brought by Land fhall be entered, &c, at Berwick or Curlifle.

Malt not fo duly entered, fhall be forfeited.

49° GEO. III.	A.D.1809.

greater Sum than the faid Sum of Twenty thoufand Pounds clear of all Charges of Management, the faid Surplulage fo produced over and above the faid clear Sum of Twenty thoufand Pounds (hall be wholly-applied towards the encouraging and promoting of rht Fifhtries, and fuch other Manufactures and Improvements in Scotland\ as may molt conduce to the general Good of the United Kingdom, and to no other Ufc, Intent, or Purpofe whatfoever, in fuc»» Manner as uire&ed by an Aft, parted in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majcfly King George the Firft, intituled, Jin Ad for encouraging and promoting Fijhertes and other Manufactures and Improvements in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

VI.	And it is hereby declared and enafted, That in all Cafes where the herein-before recited Aft of the Firft. Year of His prefent Majefly’s Reign did relate to any Day or Time within the Ytar which commenced from the Twenty-th’rd Day of June One thoufand feven hundred and fixty-one, this prefent Aft doth and fhall relate to the like Day and Time within the Year commenced from the faid Twenty-thud Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and nine.

VII.	And it is hereby further enafted by the Authority aforefaid. That all Malt made in Scotland not to be cop fumed there, which at any Time or Times between the Twenty-third Diy of June One thoufand eight hundred and nine and the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and ten, fhall be brought into England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed fhall, in cafe the fame fhall be brought by Sea, be entered with the Officer for the faid Duties of the Port where the fame fhall be fo brought into England, lVales§ or the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed aforefaid, ar.d the Sum of Sixpence ter Bnfhel for the Duties thereof fhall be paid to fuch Officer before landing thereof, unlefs a Certificate from the proper Officer be produced that it hath paid the faid Duty of Three-pence per Bufhel in Scotland; and if fuch Certificate be produced, then there (hail be paid no more than Three-pence per Bufhel, by virtue of this Aft, for fuch Mdlt fo brought into England; and in cafe the fame be brought by Land, fuch Malt fhall pafs and be carried by and through the Towns of Berwick or Carlifle, and there entered witn the Officer for the faid Duties, in fuch of the faid Towns by or through which fuch Malt (hail be fo carried, and the like Duty of Sixpence per Bufhel for the fame fhall be paid down in ready Money, unlefs fuch Certificate be produced as aforefaid ; but upon producing thereof then there fhall be paid no more than Three-pence per Bufhel byvirtue of this Aft, on pain of forfeiting all fuch Malt, or the Value thereof, as fhall be landed or put on Shore, or be brought into England without fuch Entry or Payment of Duties as aforefaid ; and .in cafe any Malt made in Scotland fhall, during the faid Term, be found coming out of Scotland, or be brought from thence by Land by or beyond the Towns before mentioned, without Entry or Payment of the Duties thereof, then all fuch Malt, or the Value thereof, fhall be forfeited, and maybe feized by any Officer of Excife, for His Majefly’s Ufe, One Moiety of the aforefaid Forfeiture to be and go to the King’s Majefty, and the other Moiety thereof to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall inform, feize, or fue for the fame, or the Value thereof, and to be recovered and levied by fuch Ways, Means, and Methods as any Penalties and Forfeitures are by this or any the former Afts relating to the Malt J)uties to be recovered and levied, or by Aftion of Debt, or opo*

4	the

 C^ooq Le

the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler, wherein no Effoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, (hall be allowed.

VIII.	And be it further enaCted, That from and after the faid Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and nine there (hall be allowed to Maltfters and Makers of Malt, for Exportation, for every Twenty Quarters of Barley or other Com or Grain which (hall be made into Malt for Exportation, in Cafes where by Law any Bounty is allowed on the Exportation cf Malt, an Allowance of Thirty Quarters after the fame ihall be dried and made into Malt, and no more, upon the Exportation thereof, though by their fteeping, wetting, or watering the fame, the faid Twenty Quarters (hall be run out to any greater Quantity exceeding the faid Thirty Quarters.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That if after the (hipping of any Malt made to be exported, the Malt fo (hipped to be exported, or any Part thereof, (hall be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, then and in every fuch Cafe alt the Malt which (hall be relanded, and Treble the Value thereof, (hall be forfeited, (that is to fay) One Moiety thereof to the King, and the other Moiety thereof to the Perfon or Perfons who (hall feize, inform, or fue for the fame; and fuch Malt, fo reianded, (hall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms or Excife.

X.	4 And Whereas Maltfters and Makers of Malt for Exportation 4 do frequently mix the Produce of Two or more Steepings of Corn or

*	Grain that have been entered to-be made into Malt for Exportation,

•	on or as foon as it comes off from the Kiln, by reafon whereof the 4 Officers for the Duties on Malt cannot afeertain the- real Produce 4 thereof, by which Means great Quantities of each Steeping of fuch 4 Malt are or may be privately conveyed away, and made Ufe of for 4 Home Confumption, though the fame has not been charged with 4 the Duty as all Malt made for Home Confumption ought to be Be it ena&od by the Authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and nine, all and every Maltfter or Maltfters, or Maker or Makers of Malt for Exportation, (hall keep the whole and entire Quantity of his, her, or their Corn or Grain making into Malt for Exportation, of One Steeping or Wetting, when the fame (hall be on the Kiln, or after the fame (hall be taken off the Kiln, feparate and apart from all and every Part of any other former Sceeping or Wetting of Corn or Grain, until the fame (hall have been me^fured by fuch Maltfters or Makers of Malt, in the Prefence of fome Officer or Officers for the Duty upon Malt, on Pain of forfeiting and loiing the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That from and afier the faid Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and nine, all fuch Maltfters or Makers of Malt for Exportation, (hall give Notice in Writing to fome Officer or Officers of the Duties upon Malt, or (hall leave Notice in Writing at the next Office of Excife where the Journal is k-pt of the Hour when he, (he, or they (hail intend to take any Malt off the K»ln or Kilns, that fuch Officer or Officers may attend the meafuring of fuch Malt; ancEafcer fuch Malt has been meafured, the fame (hall be immediately carried on Shipboard, if intended to be then exported, or elle (hall be immediately locked up aud ftcured in fome Storehouie or other Place belonging

B 3	to

Maltfters for every 20 Quarters of Grain made into Malt, for Exportation,

{hall be allowed .30 Quarters of Malt.

Mali {hipped for Exportation, and relanded, forfeited.

Every Stamping Of Malt for Exportation {hall he kept feparate till meafured. Penalty 50l.

Notice to Officers for taking Malt etf Kill)*. Penalty Sul.

C.t.

Penalty on clan-deftincly opening Locks of Storehoufes, lool.

Maltfters having Malt ftored on 24 June 1809, {hall clear out Storehoufes of Malt for Exportation within 15 Months*

and To from Time to Time.

Penalty 50l.

Perfons becoming Maltfters for Exportation after 24 June >1809, {halt in like Manner clear their Storehoufes every 15 Months. Penalty 50b

49® GEO- III.	A.D.1809..

to fuch Maltfters or Makers of Malt, in the Prefence of the faid Officer or Officers, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XII.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforefnid, That from and after the faid Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and nine, if any fuch Malttter or Maltllers, or Maker or Makers of Malt, or any other Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, by his Order, Privity, or Dire&ior, after any Steeping or Making of Malt (hall have been locked up and fecured in any Storehoufe or other Place or Places in Manner as aforefaid, (hall open any of the Locks or Doors, or {hall make any Way or Kind of Entrance into fuch Storehoufe or other Place or Places, or fhall remove any Part whatfoever of the Partition between any fuch Storehoufe or Place, and any other Place or Places whatfoever next thereunto adjoining, or fhall remove out of the faid Storehoufe or other Place, any Quantity whatfoever of the Malt that has been fo locked up and fecured, without the Knowledge and Confent of, or without firft having given Notice to fome Officer or Officers for the faid Duties, he, {he, or they fhall refpedively forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIII.	‘ And, the better to enable the Officers fo*- the Duties upon 4 Malt to difeover whether all fuch Malt made for Exportation, and 4 that has been locked up and fecured in any Storehoufe or other Place * or Places to be exported, has been really exported ;* Be it enaefed by the Authority aforefaid, That all and every fuch Maitfter or Maltfters, Maker or Makers of Malt, that on the faid Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and nine, fhall have any Quantity of Malt locked up and fecured in any Storehoufe or any other Place or Places as is before directed, to be expot ted, fhall, within Fifteen Months next after the faid Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred ar.d nine, remove and clear out of his Storehoufe, or other Place or Places, all and every Part and Parcel thereof, that at any Time after the faid Twenty-fourth Day of June One • thoufand eight hundred and nine, fhall be loeited up and fecured in fuch Storehoufe or other Place in order to be exported ; and fhall always from Time to Time, in every Fifteen Month:-, remove and dear out of fuch Storehoufe or other Place or Places in order to be exported, all and every Part or Parcel of Malt that at any Time within every Fifteen Months after the lad clearing fhall be locked up and fecured in any Storehoufe, or in any other Place or Places that fhall be made ufe of by him, her, or them, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, on Pain of forfeiting and lofing the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XIV.	And be it further enabled by the Authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and nine, all and every Perfon or Perfons whatfoever that fhall become Maltfters or Makers of Malt for Exportation, and fhall make ufe of any Storehoufe or Storehoufes, Place or Places, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, fhall, within Fifteen Months after the Beginning to make ufe of any fuch Storehoufe or Storehoufes, or fuch other Place or Places, remove and clear out of fuch Places, to be exported, all and every Part and Parcel of fuch Malt that at any Time or Times fhall have been put into fuch Place or Places within Fifteen Months after he, fhe, or they fhall have begun to make ufe of fuch Place or Places, and fhall always from Time to Time remove and. clear out of fuch Storehoufe or other Place to be exported, all and every Quantity of Malt whatfoever that within every Fifteen

Month*

 t^ooQle

7

A.D. 1809.	490	GEO.	III.	C.r.

Months after the lad clearing (hall at any Time be locked up and fecured in fuch Storehoufe or Storchoufes, or any other Place or Places that (ball be made ufe of bv him, her, or them, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, on Pain of forfeiting and lofing the Sum of Fiftv Pounds.

XV.	And be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, for any Offences agajnfl this Aft, fo far as the fame relates to the faid Duty on Malt, (hall be fued for, levied, and recovered, or mitigated, by the fame Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Penalty or Forfeiture given by any of the Lawa of Excife upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, can or may be fued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, or by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majeltv’s Courts of Record at WeJJminfler, and that One Moiety of fuch Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (hall be to the Ufe of His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him or them that fhall difeover, inform, or fue for the fame.

XVI.	f And Whereas by an Aft, paflVd in the Thirty-eighth Year

*	of the Reign of His prefent Majefty^ intituled, An Act for making 4 perpetual, fubjeft to Redemption and Purchafe in the Manner therein 1 fated, the feveral Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a 1 Land Tax, for one Tear, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One 1 thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eighty the feveral and reipeftive Sums 4 of Money granted to Your Majtlty, by a Land Tax, for the Service

*	of the Year One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, which 4 were or fhould be charged on any Manors, MeflungeSi Lands, Tene-

*	ments, or Hereditaments, in Great Britain, are,-after the Twenty-fifth

*	Day of March One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, con-4 tinued and made perpetual, with a Provifion that the feveral Sums of 4 Money charged upon Eftates in ready Money, Debts, Goods, 4 Wares, Merchandize, or Perfonal Eftates, or upon any Perfon or 4 Perfons in refpeft of any Publick Office or Employment of Profit 4 in the faid Aft mentioned, fhould, after the Twenty-fifth Day of 4 March One thoufand feven hundred and ninetv-nine, be afeertained,

4 levied, collefted, and paid according to the Direftions of any Aft 4 or Afts to be pafled for that Purpofe;’ Be it therefore enafted. That the feveral and refpeftive Sums of Money which fhall have been or (hail be charged upon Eftates, in ready Money, Debts, Goo4p> Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or other Perfonal Eftate, by virtue of an Aft, pafled in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majefiy by a Land Tax to be raifed in Great Britain for the Service of the Tear -One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, and which were not authorized to be fold in or by another Aft made and pafled in the fame Thirty-eighth Year, aforefaid, intituled, An Act for making perpetual, fubjeft to Redemption and Purchafe in the Manner therein fated, the feveral Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Tear, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, and alfo the feveral Sums of Money charged by virtue of the faid recited Aft made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign in refpeft of any Publick Offices or Employments, or any Annuities, Pen lions, Stipends, or other Annual Payments, (hall be continued, and raifed, levied, collefted, and paid unto Hi6 MajeftV within the Space of One Year from the Twenty-

B 4	fifth

Recovery of Penalties,

S8 Geo. 9. c. 60.

Rates on Perfonal Eft ate charged hy 38 G. 3. C. 3. and not authorized to be fold by 38 G.3. c. 60. and on Office*, &c. (hall be levied for one Year from 25 th v March 1809.

Ci.

A.D.1869*

Sums charged on Perfonal Eftates by 38G.C.€.5.§3. (hall be impofed on Parifhes and raifed on Perfonal Eftates by a Pound Rate payable Quarterly.

OiRces and Employments rated by 3S G. i3 c; 5. (except Naval or Military Offices) frail pay the Rate afieffed thereon, under § ^ of that A'%	^

49®

GEO. III.

fifth Day of March One thoufand eight huodred and nine, and (hall be ascertained, affeffed, and taxed in fuch Manner and Form as are herein* after expreifed.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That the feveral and refpeftive Sums of Money which (hall have been or (hall be charged by virtue of the faid recited Aft made in the Thirty-eighth Year of Hia prefcnt Majefty*6 Reign on Perfonal Eftates as afore faid, (hall be and are hereby fet and impofed on the feveral and refpeftive Parifhes, Con (table wicks, Divifions, Allotments, and Places, wherein the fame have been or (hah be fo charged by virtue of the faid lad-mentioned Aft ; and that towards raifmg the faid feveral and refpeftive Suras of Money hereby charged on the refpeftive Parifhes, Conftablewicks, Divifions, Allotments, and Places in England, Wales, and Berwick-ubon-Tweed, in refpeft of fuch Perfonal Eitate as aforefaid, all and every Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, Guilds, and Fraternities, within the fame Parilhes, Conftablewicks, Divifions, Allotments, and Places refpeftively, having any Eftate in ready Money, or in any Debts whatsoever owing to them within Great Britain or without, or having any Eftate in Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or other Perfonal Eftate whatfoever, within Great Britain or without, belonging to or in truft for them, (except and out of the Premife8 dedufted fuch Sums as he, (he, or they do bond jide owe, and fuch Debts owing to them as fhall be adjudged defperate by the refpeftive Commiffioners appointed by this Aft, and alfo except the Stock upon Lands, and fuch Goods as are uftd for Houfebold Stuff, and alfo except fuch Loans and Debts as are or fhall be owing from His Majefty to any Perfon or Perfons,) fhall be charged with as much Equality and Indifference as is poffible, by a Pound Rate, that is to fay, by an equal Pound Rate for every One hundred Pounds of fuch ready Money and Debts, and for every One hundred Pounds worth of fuch Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Chattels, or other Perfonal Eftate, and fo for any leffer or greater Sum or Value, for or towards the faid feveral and refpeftive Sums by this Aft fet or impofed, or intended to be fet or impofed, for and upon all and every fuch Parilhes, Conftablewicks, Divifions, Allotments, and Places hereby charged therewith as aforefaid ; fo that by the faid Rates fo to be taxed or affeffed as aforefaid for or upon the faid ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or other Perfonal Eftate, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this prefent Aft, the full and entire Sums hereby fet or impofed, or intended to be fet and impofed, in England, Wales, and Berwick as aforefaid, upon the faid Perfonal Eftates, (hall be completely and effeftually taxed, affeffed, levied, and collefted, and (Ball be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer by Four quarterly Payments, the firft Payment thereof to be made on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of June which (hall be in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and nine.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That for and towards raifing the feveral Sums of Money charged as laft aforefaid on Perfons in refpeft of Pablick Offices or Employments of Profit, all and evny Perfon and Perfons, and all and every Commiffioner and Commiffioners having, ufing, or exercifing any Publick Office or Employment of Profit in England, Wales, or Berwick as aforefaid, which is or fhall be rated or affcfftd by virtue of an Aft, paffed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Rtign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An A8 for granting an Aid

*

AJX1809.	49°	GEO. III.	C.I.

to His Majejly ly a Land Tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thoufand fcven hundred and ninety-eighty and ail and every their Clerks, Agents, Secondaries, Subftitutes, and other inferior Miniftcrs whatfoever (fuch Military Officers who are or (hall be in mufter by the Mufter-Mafter-General of His Majefty’s A rmy, or in Pay in His Majefty’s Army or Navy in refped of fuch Offices only, excepted) (hall yield and pay unto His Majefty any Sum not exceeding the Sum at which fuch Office or Employment was aflefftd in the Year commencing from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand fevea hundred and ninety-eight, by virtue of the faid Ad, palled in the th’rty-eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An A3 for granting an Aid to His Majejly by a Land Tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thoufand ftven hundred and ninety-eight; and that all and every Perfon and Perfons, Guilds, Fraternities, Bodies Politick and Corporate, having an Annuity, Penfion, Stipend, or other yearly Payment, either out of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in England, or out of any Branch of Hia Majrftv’s Revenue in Great Britain, or payable, or fecured to be paid by any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever in Great Britain (not being or iffuing out of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or charged upon the fame, or included in any Afleffment made upon Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, mentioned in the faid Ad, paffed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An A3 for granting an Aid to His Majejly by a Land Tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thoufand fcven hundred and ninety eighty and cot being Annifities or yearly Payments which, by any Adi or Ads of Parliament made or to be made, are or (hall be efpecially exempted from the Payment of Taxes or Aids) fhall yield and pay unj.o His Maj-fty the Sum of Four Shillings for every Twenty Shillings by the Year for every fucb Annuity, Penfion, Stipend, or yearly Payment refpedlively, and after that Rate for One whole Year } the faid feveral Rates and Sums of Money hereby granted to b>e afTciLd, impeded, levied, and colltdlcd, in fuch Manner as herein-after is mentioned.

XIX.	And be it further enaded, That for the better afieffing, ordering, levying, and colleding of the feveral Sums of Money fo as laft aforefaid limited and appointed to be raifed and psid in the afore-faid part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, in refped of Perfonal Eftates, and in refped of Offices or Employments of Profit, and Annuities, Penfions, Stipends, and other yearly Payments, and for the more efftdual putting this Ad in Execution, in reference to the fame, all and every the Perfon and Perfons who in and by an Ad of Parliament made and palled in the Forty-eighth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An A3 for appointing CommiJJioners for carrying into Execution an A3 of this SeJ/ion of Par• Tiamenty for granting to His Majejly a Duty on Penjions and Offices in England, and an A3 made in the Thirty-eighth Tear of His prefent Majejly, for granting an Aid to His Majejly by a Land Tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thoufandfeven hundred and ninety~cight, were named and appointed Commiffioners tor putting in Execution the fame Ads within the feveral Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divifions, and Places of Englandy Wales, and Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, duly qualifying tncmfelvcs according to the faid Ad, pafied in the Thirty-eighth Year

of

ConmiHliqneB| of Land Tax appomted by

48	G.3.C. 102, (hall put thi*

A & in l;xeca-tion, &c.

[<S« Afo

49	G* 3. c. S5 J



*G>

C.t.

49° geo. nr;

A.D.1809.

Com million ers fliall meet before 3ft May 1809, to infpeft Af-feflments to Q5tb March, on Perfonal Eftates as dif-tinft from Lands, and fhall before 3 Otb May return Schedules of Afleffinent to Receiver-General and the Exchequer.

of the Reign of H13 prefent Majefty, intituled. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majejly by a Land Tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thou find feven hundred and ninety •eight, in that Behalf, fhall, together with any other Perfons that may be appointed by any Aft to be made in this Seffion of Parliament, be Commiffioners for putting in Execution this prefent Aft, and the Powers therein contained, within and for all and every the Parities, Conftablewicks, Divifions, Allotments, and Places, fituate within the fame Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towqs, Divifions, and Places refpediively.

XX. And be it further enafted, That the feveral Commiffioners lail aforefaid fhall meet together at the mod ufual and common Places of Meeting within their refpeftive Hundreds, Lathes, Rapes, Waoen-takes, Wards, and other Divifions refpeftively, within jEngland, Wales, and Berwick’upon-Tweed, within which they are appointed Commiffioners, on or before the Firft Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and nine, and (hall meet afterwards in like Manner as often as it fhall be neceflary, for putting fo much of this Aft in Execution a3 is hereby committed to their Care and Charge; and the faid Commiffioners, or fo many of them as fhall be prefent at fuch Meeting or Meetings, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorized and required to infpeft and examine the AfTtfTments made by virtue of the faid recited Aft, made in the Thirty-eighth Year aforefaid, for the Year ending on the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nine, and afcertain#the feveral and refpeftive Sums of Money charged by virtue of the faid lall-mentioned Aft, in every Parifh, Conttablewick, Divifion, Allotment, or Place, for or in refpeft of any Ellate in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or other Perfonal Eftate, and alfo for or in refpeft of any Offices or Employments of Profit, Annuities, Penfirns, or Stipends, as aforefaid, by any Afleflment made for the faid Year ending on the faid Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nine, and ftparate, divide, and fet down in Writing, the Amount of the feveral and refpeftive Sums charged upon Ellates, in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, and. Merchandize, Chattels, or other Perfonal Eftate, and alfo the feveral and refpeftive Sums charged in refpeft of any Offices or Employments of Profit, Annuities, Penfions, or Stipends, as aforefaid, from the Monies charged in fuch Parifhes, Conftablewicks, Divifions, Allotments, or Places by virtue of the faid laft-mentioned Aft, upon Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments ; and the faid Commiffioners are hereby required to deliver, or caufe to be delivered, a Schedule or Duplicate in Parchment under their Hands and Seals, fairly written, containing the whole Sum affefled on each Parifh, Con ftable wick, Divifion, Allotment, or Place, where any AflefTment fhall have been made upon Perfonal Eflatts, or in refpeft of Offices and Employments of Profit, Annuities, Penfions, or Stipends, and alfo the Chriflian Names, and Surnames, of the refpeftive Afltflors and Colleftors under the Receiver-General of each County, Riding, City, Borough, Town and Place refpeftively, where fuch Afleflments fhall have been made, or his Deputy, and fhall tranfmit, or caufe to be tranfmitted, a like Schedule or Duplicate into the King’s Remembrancer’s Office of the Exchequer, and this the Commiffioners fhall caufe to be done on or before the Tenth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and nine, for which Duplicates the

Receiver



C.i-

It

A.D.1809.

49d GEO. Itl.

Receiver and Remembrancer, or their refpeftive Deputies, {hall give to the Perfon who brings the fame, a Receipt in Writing, gratis, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, to be recovered to the King’s Ufe, as other Penalties are by this Aft recoverable.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That every Pariflt or Place in which any AflefTment fhall have been, or (hall be made, under and by virtue of the faid laft recited Aft, on any Perfon or Per-fons in refpeft of any Offices or Employments of Profit, Annuities, Penfions, or Stipends, by any AflefTment for the Year ending on the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nine, (hall, from and after that Time, be wholly difeharged from fo much or the Sums to be levied upon fuch Parifh or Place, according to the Proportions eftablilhcd under the faid recited Aft.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That all and every the Powers, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters and Things, which in , and by the faid Aft, paffed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Adfor granting an Aid to His Majejly by a Land ‘Tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, are provided and efta-bliihed for afeertaining, railing, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying, and managing the Rates and Affeflments granted by the faid laft-mentioned Aft; and which by the faid other Aft, pafled in the fame Thirty-eighth Year aforefaid, intituled, An Ad for making perpetual, fubjed to Redemption and Purchafe in the Manner therein jlated, the fcveral Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain, as a Land Tax, for One Tear, from the Twenty fifth Lay of March One thoufandfeven hundred and ninety-eight, are continued and made perpetual, in relation to the Rates and Affeflments charged on Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, until the Redemption and Purchafe thereof, (hall be praftifed, ufed, and put in Execution in and for the afeertaining, railing, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying, and managing the faid laft-mentioned Rates, Affeflments, and Sums of Money to be charged, affeffed, and levied by virtue of this Aft, in refpeft of Per-fonal Eftatcs, and in refpeft of Offices or Employments of Profit, and Annuities, Penfions, Stipends and other yearly Payments, as fully and effeftually to all Intents and Purpoles, as if all and every the faid Powers, Rules, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re.enafted in this Aft.

XXIII.	• Whereas by an Aft, pafled in the Thirty-eighth Year

*	of the Reign of His prefent Majelly, intituled, An Ad for granting 4 an Aid to His Majejly by a Land Tax, to be raifed in Great Britain,

*	for the Service of the Tear One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight,

4 the Town and County of the Town of NewcaJlle-upon-Tyne was 4 charged in the Sum of Two thoufand five hundred and eighty Pounds 4 Sixteen Shillings and Four-pence, Part whereof has been raifed and 4 charged on the Duty herein-after mentioned; And whereas by Two 4 Afts, One thereof paffed in the Thirty.ninth Year of the Reign of 4 His faid prefent Majefty, intituled, An Ad to enable the Lords Com-4 mijjioners of the Treafury to contrad with the Mojl Noble Charles Duke

*	of Richmond for the abfolute Purchafe of the Property of the faid Duke,

4 and all others interejled, in a certain Duty of Twelve-pence per Chaldron 4 on CoalsJhipped in the River Tyne, to be confumed in England, and to 4 grant a Compenfation for the fame, by way of Annuity, payable out of the 4 Confolidated Fundi and the other thereof paffed in the Thirty-ninth

4 and

Receipts for Schedules.

Places where Affeflments have been made for the Year ending 25 th March 1809, difeharged from the Sums levied.

Powers and Penalties of 38 G. 3. c. 5. and c. 60. extended to this

Aft.

Under

38	G. 3. c. 5. Newcafile-on-Tyne was charged with a certain Sum, Part thereof raifed 011 the Amount of the Duty on Coals; which under

39	G. 3. c. 84. 39, 40 G. 3. c. 43- was purchafed from the Duke of Richmond, and the laid Duty was velted in the 1 Crown,



Google

IX

C.t.

49° GE& IIL

A.D. 1809-

Ob Certificate from Commiffi-oners of Land Tax for New-cafUe to the Exchequer of the Sums charged on the {aid Duty, Exchequer may }large the Juae.

Where Deficiencies do arife, new Af-fcflra«rts fhall be made.

*	and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His faid Majefty, intituled, An 4 Ad to confirm an Agreement entered into between the Commifltoners of His 4 Majefly's Treafury, and the Mojl Noble Charles Duke of Richmond,

*	tn purfuance of an AS, paffed in the Thirty ninth Tear of His prefent 4 Ma}cftyi intituled, 4 An Ad to enable the Lords Commiffioners of the 4 Treafury to eontrad with the Mojl Noble Charles Duke of Richmond 4 for the abfolute Pur chafe of the Property of the faid Duke, and all 4 others interefled, in a certain Duty of Twelve-pence per Chaldron on 4 Coals flipped in the River Tyne, to be eonfumedin England, and to grant 4 a CompenJ'ation for the fame by way of Annuity, payable out of the Con-4 foTidated Fund f and by virtue of the Agreement therein recited, the 4 faid Duty from and after the Twenty ftcond Day of Augufl Otic 4 thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, was veiled in, and made

*	payable to His Majefty, His Heir3 and Succeffors, and the fame

*	bath ever Cnee been collefted with and paid as the other Duties of

*	Cuftoms have been collefted and paid ; and it is therefore juft that 4 £he faid Town and County of the faid Town, Ihould, from the above 4 Period, be exonerated and difeharged from the Amount annually 4 charged on the faid Duty as aforefaid ;* Be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Comnrflioners of the faid Town and County to certify to the Barons of His Majefty's Court of Exchequer, what Sum and Sums of Money have been charged on the Duty in the faid Two laft-recited Afts mentioned fince the Day of the Surrender of the fame, by virtue of the faid Two laft-repited Ads, and the Agreement therein mentioned; and the faid Barons, or any Two or more of them, bave hereby Power, by their Difcretions, at any Time before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred anjJ nine, to difeharge or caufe to be difeharged fo much of the faid Sum of Two thoufand five hundred and eighty Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Four-pence, as (hall appear to them to have been charged on the faid Duty, fince the faid Twenty-fecond Day of Augufl One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine ; and the iaid Sums lhall or may be difeharged upon the Duplicates returned pr to be returned for the faid Town and County, and lha)j be allowed upon the Accounts of the Receivers-Generai, and the Jphabitants of the faid Town and County {hail be acquitted againft His Majefty, His Heirs and Suc-ctfTors, for tbe Payment of fuch Sums fo difeharged, or ordered to be difeharged, by the Baron§ of the faid Exchequer, as well for the Affeffraents heretofore made, as for all Affeffments hereafter to be made; any Thing in the faid firft recited Aft to the contrary notr withftanding.

XXIV. And be it further enafted, That in cafe the Proportions fet by this Aft upon all and every the refpeftive Parifhes, Conftabler wicks, Divifions, Allotments, and Places in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed\ in refpeft of any fuch Perfonal Eftate as aforefaid, (hall not be fully aft {ltd, levied, and paid, according to the true Meaning thereof, or if any of the f^id Afteftments, in refpeft of fuch Perfonal Eftate, (ball be rated or impofed upon any Perfon not beiDg of Ability tq pay the fame, or that through any Wilfulnefs, Negleft, Miftake, or Accident, the faid Affcffment charged in each Parifh or Place is aforefaid by virtue of this Aft, happens not to be paid to the Receiver*General, fys Deputy or Deputies, as in this Aft is direfted ; that then and in all and every fuch Cafe or Cafes, the feveral and refpeftive Commiflioners, Afftffors, and Colleftors* aft in g

‘'.................................................... u*



Google

C. i

*3

A,D. 1809.	490	GEO.	III.

in tbe Execution of this Ad in relation to the faid Duties on Perfonal Eftates, and the faid lalh mentioned Duties in refped of Offices and Employments of Profit, Annuities, Penfions, Stiptnds, and other yearly Payments, and every of them refpedively, are hereby authorized and required to affefs and re-affefs, or caufe to be aflVffed and re-afleffed, levied, and paid, all and every fuch Sum and Sums of Money upon the refptdive Parifhes or Places wherein fuch Deficiencies fhall happen, as to fuch Commiffioners, or fuch Number of them as by this Att are authorized to caufe the faid firft AfTefTment hereby reqqired to be madei fhall feem rood agreeable to Equity and Jullice; the faid new AfTefTment to be made, collected, and paid in fuch Manner and by fuch Means a6 in this Ad or atoy Ad hereby referred to, is declared and direded for other AfTefTments.

XXV.	4 And in order to afeertain more particularly the Mode of

*	aflVfiing and rating the feverai Perfons who fhall be charged with any

*	Rate or AfTefTment in refped of ary Eftates in ready Money, Debts,

*	or Perfonal Eftate in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon Tweed;* Be it further enaded, That every Perfon who is or fhall be rated for or in rtfptd of any Perfonal Eftate to him or her anyways belonging, fhall be rated at fuch Place where he or fhe fhall be refident at the Time of the Execution qf this Ad ; and alt Perfons not being Houfeholders, nor having a certain Place of Refidence, fhall be taxed at the Place where they fhall be refident at the Time of the Execution of this Ad ; and if any Perfon who ought to be taxed in England, Wales, or Berwick upon-Tweed, by virtue of this Ad, for or in refped of hi3 or her Perfonal Eftate, fhall, at the Time of his or her AfTefTment, be out of the Realm, fuch Perfon (hall be rated therefore in fuch Parifti, Conflablewick, Divifion, Allotment, or Flace,'where he was lad abiding within this Realm.

XXVI.	Provided always, That where any Perfon fhall hare any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or Perfonal Eftate, in any Parifh or Parifhes, Conflablewick or Conftablewicks, Divifion or Di-vifions, .Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places, other than the Parifti, Con liable wick, Divifion, Allotment, or Place where he or fhe, fhali be refident, or had his or her Refidence, it fhall be lawful at any Time before the Twenty fourth Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and nine, to rate and affrfs fuch Perfon tor fuch Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels, or Perfonal Eftate, in any Parifh or Parifhes, Conflablewick or Conftablewicks, Divifion or Divifions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places where the fame fhali be: Provided alfo, that if any Perfon or Perfons by reafon of bis, her, or their having feverai Manfion Houfes or Places of Refidence, orotherwife, fhall be doubly charged for any Perfonal Eftate by occafion of this Ad, then upon Certificate made by any Two or more of fuch Commiffioners for the County, Riding, City, or Place of his, her, or thtir laft Perfonal Refidence, under their Hands and Seals, of the Sum or Sums charged upon him, her, or them (which Certificate the faid Commiffioners are hereby required to give without Delay, Fee, or Reward), and upon Oath made of fuch Certificate before any Two fuch Commiffioners who have Authority to put this Ad in Execution for the County, Riding, City, or Place, where the faid Certificate fhall be made, (which Oath fuch Commiffioners are hereby authorized and required to adminifter,) then the Perfon or Perfons fo doubly charged fhall, for fo much as fhall be certified, be difcharged in every other Parifh,

C^nltablcwick,

Perfons (hall be rated where refident;

or, if oat of the Kingdom, at the Place of their laft Abode.

Perfonal Eftate (hall be aflTefled where it (hall be, though the Poffefibr refidea elfewhere.

Perfons doubly rated fhall be relieved on Certificate,



u

Exemption of Perfonal Eftate in Scotland, Ireland, See.

Perfons avoiding the Tax, charged Treble.

Penalty on Housekeepers not giving Lift oi Lodgers, 5l.

Members of Parliament (hall be rated at their Manfion Houfes.

Inhabitants of Towns fhall be sfTeffed in the Parifh where they refide.

C.l.	49°	GEO.	IH.	A.D.	1809.

Conftablewick, Dirifion, Allotment, or Place iu England,	or

Berwick-upon - Tweed•

XXVII.	Provided alfo, That this Aft (hall not extend to the Inhabitants of Scotland\ Ireland, Jerfcy, or Guernfey, for afle fling any fuch Perfonal Eftate which they, or any to their Ufe, have within thofe Places, for or towards the faid Sum hereby authorized to be charged upon any Parifh or Parifhes, Conftablewick or Conftablewicks, Divifion or Divifions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, as aforefaid ; and if any Perfon that ought to be taxed by virtue of this Aft, for or in refpeft of his or her Perfonal Eftate, fhall, by changing his or her Place of Refidence, or by any other Fraud or Covin, efcape from the Taxation, and not be taxed, and the fame be proved before the Com-miflioner8, or any Two or more of them, at any Time within One Year next after fuch Tax made, every Perfon that fhall fo efcape from the Taxation and Payment, fhnil be charged, upon Proof thereof, at Treble the Value of fo much as he or fhe fhould or ought to have been charged at by this Aft ; the faid Treble Value, upon Certificate thereof made into the Exchequer by the Commiflioners before whom fuch Proof fhall be made, to be levied on the Goods, Lands, and Hereditaments of fuch Perfons.

XXVIII.	* And, for the better Difcovery of Perfonal Eftate * intended to be charged by this Aft/ be it further enafted, That every Houfehokler in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, fhall upon Demand of the Afl'cffors of the refpeftive Parifhes or Places give an Account of the Names and Qualities of fuch Perfons as fhall fojourn or lodge in their refpeftive Houfes, under the Penalty of forfeiting to His Majefty the Sum of Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in fuch Manner a9 any other Penalty in this Aft mentioned fhall and may be levied and recovered.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted, That the feveral Members of Parliament who at the Execution of this Aft, during this or the fub-fequent Seffion of Parliament, fhall abide within the Cities of London and Wejlminfter, and the Suburbs of the fame, or within the County of Middlefex, fhall, for or in refpeft of their ready Money or Debts, or any other Tax which may be laid on their Perfonal Eftate or Perfons in refpeft thereof, during this or the Dext Seflion of Parliament, be afTefled only in the Places where fuch Members have their Manfion Houfes, or other Places where they moft ufually refide during the Intervals of Parliament ; and in cafe any AflefTor or Commiffiontr fhall aflefs, or caufe to beaflefled, any Member of Parliament contrary to the Provifion hereby made, he or they fhall forfeit to the Party grieved the Sum of Forty Pounds, to be recovered by Aftion of Debt, or upon the Cafe, together with full Cofts of Suit; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXX.	Provided always, That where any Perfon liable to be rated in refpeft of fuch Perfonal Eftate, and inhabiting within the City of London, or any other City or Town Corporate in England\ Wales9 or Berwick-upon-Tweed, hath his Dwelling Houle in One of the Parifhes or Wards therein, and hath any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, in any One or more of the other Parifhes or Wards within the fame, that then fuch Perfon fhall be taxed, charged, and afTefled for fuch his Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Parifh or Ward where he dwelleth, and not clfewherc, within the faid City and Town Corporate.

XXXI. And



JLD.1809.	49°	GEO# III.	Ci.	ij

XXXI.	And be it further enafted, That the Officers in the Officers of Ex-Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, and in other the Publick chequer, See. ^ Offices, upon Requeft to them made by the refpeftive Affeffors, fhall deliver lifts deliver, gratis, true Lifts or Accounts of all Penfions, Annuities, Annufrie^&c. Stipends, or other Annual Payments, and of all Fees, Salaries, and to Commif. other Allowances, payable at the faid Receipt, or in the laid Publick fioners, and in . Offices, to any Commiffioner or Commiffioners, Officer or Officers, for default of Pay-tfie Execution of this Aft, for the better Guidance of the faid Ijentofthe Affeffors in the charging of the fame ; and that in all Cafes where £0p ’ ^ any Penfions, Annuities, Stipends, or other yearly Payments, or the tlie^nfion, &e. Fees, Salaries, Wages, or other Allowances or Profits charged by this Aft, fhall be payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, or at any other Publick Office, or by any of His Majefty’s Receivers or Paymafters in England, Wales} and Berwick-upon-Tweed^ the faid laft-mentioned Tax or Payment, which in purfuance of this Aft fhall be charged for or in refpeft of fuch Annuities, Stipends, Fees, Salaries,

Wages, Allowances or Profits, fhall and may (in cafe of Non-payment thereof) be detained and ftopped out of the fame, or out of any Money which fhall be paid upon fuch Penfions, Annuities, Stipends, Fees,

Salaries, Wages, Allowances, or Profits, or for Arrears thereof, and	\

be applied to the Satisfaftion of the Rates and Duties not otherwife

paid as aforefaid; and the proper Officers in the faid Exchequer, and

other the Publick Offices aforefaid, {tall keep true Accounts of all

Monies ftopped, and (upon Requeft) fhall give Copies of fuch Ac-.

counts to the proper Colleftors of fuch Monies for the refpeftive

Parifhes or Places where the faid Monies are afleffed by this Aft.

XXXIT. And be it further enafted, That every Perfon in England, Officers fhall pay WaleSy or Berwick-upon-Tweedy rated or afleffed for his Office or Em- where employed, ployment, (hall be rated and pay for his faid Office or Employment in the County, City, or Place, where the fame fhall be exercifed, although the Revenue or Profits arifmg by fuch Office or Employment are payable elfewhere : Provided always, that the Right Honourable Officers in the Mafter of the Rolls, the Matters in Chancery, Six Clerks, Clerks Chancery fhall of the Petty Bag, Examiners, Regifters, Clerks of the Inrolments, be affefled in the Clerks of the Affidavit and Subpoena Office, and all other the Officers m £erty^J of the Court of Chancery, that execute their Offices within the * C ers> * Liberties of the Rolis, (hall be there afleffed to the faid laft mentioned Duties for their refpeftive Offices, Salaries* and other Profits, and not elfewhere; and the faid Matters in Chancery for the Time being, and the faid Six Clerks and Regifters for the Time being, fhall be the Commiffioners for putting in Execution, and fhall put in Execution this Aft, with relation to the laft-mentioned Duties, within the faid Liberty, and exercife the Powers therein contained ; and that all Annuities, Stipends, and Penfions, payable to any Officers in refpeft of their Offices, fhall be taxed and afleffed to the faid laft-mentioned Duties where fuch Officers are rated and affefled for their Offices, and not elfewhere; and that all other Penfions, Stipends, and An- Penfions ratable nuities in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed\ not charged where payable, upon Land?, fhall be charged and afleffed in the Parifhes and Places where they are payable.

XXXIII.	4 And Whereas divers Offices and Employments of

•	Profit, chargeable by this Aft, are executed by Deputy, and the

*	principal Officers living in Places remote from the Divifion, Parifh,

4	or Place, where fuch Offices or Employments are taxable, the Rates

5	4	and



Where Office is executed by Dejmty, the AfTeflinrnt fhall Jbe paid by him.

The Queen or Royal Family not charg able in refped of Annuities.

Superannuated Sea Officers, &c. not chargeable.

Nor Tollkeepers.

Refidentiaries not chargeable in certain Cafes.

Said Duties fhall not be charged on Peniions, &.C. fpeeially exempted.

C.i.	49° GEO. III.	A.D.1809.

*	and A{RAments For fuch particular Offices and Employments cannot 4 be recovered without grent Charge and Difficulty Be it therefore enabled, That where any Office or Employment of Profit chargeable by thin Ad, 19 or (hall be executed by Deputy, fuch Deputy (hall pay fuch AflVfTmcnt as (hall be charged thereon, and deduct the fame out of the Profits of fuch Office or Employment ; and m cafe of Rcfufal or Non-payment thereof, fuch Deputy (hall be liable to fuch Diftrefs 89 by this Ad is preferibed agaiult any Pci fon having and enjoying any Office or Employment of Profit, and to all other Remed es and Penalties therein rtfpedively contained; and that there lhaii be the like Remedies and Penalties for the recovering the Monies affifird upon any fuch Office or Employment of Profit to the Land Tax for the Year One thoufand feven hundred and fix. and for any fuhfequeot Year not yet fatisfied in all Cafes where the Accounts of thofc Years, or any of them, are not otherwife cleared in the Exchequer.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, ihall not charge, or be con-ilrued to charge Her Majetty the Queen, or any of the Royal Family, for or in refped of any Annuities or yearly Payments granted to her faid Majcfty and to their laid Roval HighneflVs, but that fuch Sums of Money, Annuities or yearly Payments, and her faid Majcfty and their Royal High^dTes, and their Treafurers, Receivers General, and .Servants for the Time being, in refped of the lame, fhall be free and clear from ail Taxes, Jmpofitions, and other Charges whatfoevtr: Provided alfo, that this Ad, or any of the feveral Clauies herein contained, fhall not extend to charge the Penfions of any fuperannuated Commiffion or Warrant Sea or Land Officer, or the Penfions of Widows of Sea or1 Land Officers /lain in the Service of the Crown ; or the Revenue of the mod Noble Order of the Garter; or the Penfions of the Poor Knights of Windfor, payable out of the Exchequer only; or to charge a certain Penfion of One hundred Pounds, granted by the lace King Charles the Second, to the Poor Clergy of the JJle of Man ; or to charge the Penfions or Salaries of His Maj-fty’s P^ges of Honour, or of the Officers and Perfons employed or to be employed in collecting the Tolls and Duties payable by virtue of any Ad or Ads of Parliaments tor making, repairing, oj maintaining any Pubiick Roads, by reafon of their faid Offices or Employments, or any Salary arifing thereby.

XXXV.	* And Whereas the Rents and Revenues belonging to the

*	Refidentiaries of the Cathedral Churches in England and Wales, arc 4 chargeable to the Land Tax granted and made perpetual as aforeiaid,

*	and in fome Cafes the Overplus of the laid Rents and Revenues above

*	fuch Tax, Repair?, and other Charges, is to go in Shares for the

*	Maintenance of the faid Rdidentiarits, which Shares are diminifhed

*	by the faid Land Tax ;* it is hereby provided and enaded, That in fuch Cafes the faid Pwcfidentianes fhall not by this Ad, or any of the Claufes therein contained, be further chargeable as enjoying Offices of Profit cut of the faid Rents and Revenues; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That nothing herein-before contained in relation to the faid feveral Sums of Money charged as laft; aforefaid on Perfons in refped of Pubiick Offices or Employments of Profit or Annuities, Penfions, Stipends, or other Annual Payments before deicribed, lhaii extend or be conftrued to

extend



A.D. 1809.	49°	GEQ. III.	C.u	1J

extend to charge or to authorize the deducing from or affeffing any Perfon ia any Cafe in which the Salary, Wage9, Fees, Perqmfites or Gratuities payable in refpeft of fuch Office or Employment of Profit, or in which the Annuity, Petition, Stipend, or other Aonual Payment fhall have been fpecially exempted from the Payment of any Aids or Taxes by any Aft of Parliament, or in any Cafe in which any Salary, Wages, or Stipend of any Office or Employment, or any other Annual Payment which fhall be payable to fucb Perfon in refpeft of fuch Office or Employment, or of bis having held any fuch Office or Employment, (hall by any Order of His Majeftv in Councillor by any Warrant under his Majefty’s Royal Sign Manual, or by any Order of the Commiffioners of the Treafury, have been direfted to be paid net or without Deduftion, or in any Cafe in which the Surat afT* (Ted on ary fuch Saiary, Wages, Stipend or Annual Payment fhall by like Order of the Commiffioners of the Treafury have been direfted to be repaid or reimburfed to the Perfon affefled, out of any Part of the Publick Revenue of Great Britain: Provided always, that the Authority for the Payment, net or without Deduftion, of the Salary,

Wages, Stipend or Annual Payment, or the Repayment of the Duty affined on the Salary, Wages, Stipend or Annual Payment aforefaid, fhall be refpeftively certified by fome principal Officer m the Department to which fuch Officer of Employment belongs, to be fo'paid net or without Deduftion, or to be repaid out of the faid Revenue.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and he it further enafted, That no

Stamp Duty fhall be charged orchargeahle for any Receipts given by Receipts any Receiver General of the Land Tax to any Colleftor for Payment exempt from of Money made by virtue of this Aft, any Statute to the contrary Stamp Duty, thereof notwithftanding.

XXXVIII.	* And Whereas by the faid Aft, pafled in the Thirty- Dutiescm Sugar

•	eighth year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, jin A3 grantedby

1 for making perpetual, fubjeQ to Redemption and Pur chafe in the Manner 27 G. a. c. 13.

•	therein fated, the feveral Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain g* q ^

€ as a Land Tax, for One Tear, jrom the Twenty fifth Day of March (alteredby

•	One thoufand feven hundred and ninety •eighty it was enafted, that the 43 G. 3. c. as.)

•	feveral Duties impofed on Sugar hy Three Afts of the Twenty- onMaltby

•	feventh. Thirty-fourth, and Thirty-le vent h Years of the Reign of 27 £*.?***13*,

‘ His prefent Majefty, on Malt, by an Aft made in the Twenty-fcventh Snuff

•	Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and the Duties of Excife 29 g. 3; c. 68*

•	on Tobacco and Snuff, by an Aft made in the Twenty-ninth Year (altered by

•	of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, (hould continue in Force until 43 G. 3. c. 69.)

•	the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand feven hundred and filmed bj

•	ninety-nine, and no longer, but fhould from thenceforth ceafe and ^MardTigos,

•	determine unlefs the fame fhould be fpecially continued by Parliament, further continued

•	which faid feveral Duties were by an Aft made and palled in the to as March ‘ Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, entituled,

•	An aft for continuing and granting to His Majejly a Duty on PenJionSy t®6*4*

•	Offices, and Personal EJlates in England, Wales, and the Town of Ct ' '*

‘ Berwick-uppn-Twetd, and certain Duties on Sugar, Mall, Tobacco,

•	and Snuff, for the Service of the Tear One thoufand feven hundred and

•	ninety-nine, further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March ‘ One thoufand eight hundred, and which, by feveral fubfequent Afts,

« were further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One ‘ thoufand eight hundred and eight:. And whereas by aa Aft paffed

49 Geo. III.	C	•	‘ill

 L-ooQie

15s	C.I.	49°	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1809;

*	in the Forty-thirds Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty,

*	intituled, An A3 to repeal the Duties of Cvjloms payable in Great

*	Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof the faid feveral Duties 4 on Sugar were repealed, and other Duties granted on Sugar in lieu 4 thereof: And whereas by another A &, pafled in the fame Seffion 4 of Parliament, intituled, An A3 to repeal the Duties of Excife payable 4 in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof certain of the

*	faid Duties on Licences to be taken but by Dealers in Tobacco and 4 Snuff, and certain Duties on Tobacco, were repealed, and other 4 Duties granted in lieu thereof: And whereas the faid Duties granted *by the faid laft recited Afts, were continued until the Twenty-fifth 4 Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eight: And whereas ' the faid Duties on Sugar, and the faid Duties on Malt, Tobacco* 4 and Sr.uff, together with the faid Duties relating to Licences and 4 Tobacco, were by an Aft pafled in the Forty-eighth Year of the 4 Reign of His prefent Majefty, further continued until the Twenty-y fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nine;* Be it further ena&ed, That the faid feveral Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, and the faid A&9 granting and continuing the fame, and all the Provilions thereof, (hall be, and the fame are hereby feverallyand rcfpeftively further continued from and after the Expiration of the Time limited a3 aforefaid, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, and all Monies arifing thereby which fhali be paid into the faid Receipt of the Exchequer, (hall be entered feparate and diilinft from all other Monies paid and payable to Hi* Majefty.

Monies paid into,	XXXIX. And be it further enabled, That there (hall be provided

11ir Exchequer an(j kept jn the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majefty’s flittll be entered Exchequer, One Book of Regifter, in which all the Money that feparate from (hall be paid into the Exchequer for the faid Rates and Duties hereby other Payments, granted on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff; and alfo the Rates and Aflcflments hereby granted on Perfonal Eftates, and on Offices and Employments of Profit, Penfions, Annuities, and Stipends, hereinbefore mentioned, (hall be entered and regiftered apart, and diflinft from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majefty.

Treasury ma? XL. And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the bv Exch°°uer ° * Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, at any Time or Times, to bills; ™ caufe or direft any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer for any Sum or Sums of Money not '	exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three Millions, in the fame or

like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the fame or like Rules and Dirc&ions, as are dirc&ed and prefenbed in and by an Aft 4SG. 3. c. 1. made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An A3for regulating the iffuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills. Clauses &c. in XLI. And be it further enafted, That all and every the Claufes, 48 G. a. c. 1. Provifoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and relating ter Ex-	Disabilities, contained in the laid recited Aft made in the Forty-eighth

chequer Bills,	Year of. the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An A3 for

applied to this	regulating the iffuing and paying off Exchequer Bills, (hall be applied and

*	extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in purfuance of this Aft,

as fully and effeftually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the faid feveral Claufes or Provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-cnafted in the Body of this Aftr

. XLII. And



A*D.i8o9*

49° GEO. III.

C.i.

XLII. And be it further enafted, That the Exchequer Bilh to be made out in purfuance of this Aft, (hall and may bear au Intereft not exceeding the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum upon or in refpeft of the whole of the Monies refpefctively contained therein.

XLIII. And be it declared and further enafted, That it {hall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to advance or lend to His Majc-fty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills authorized by this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money nof exceeding in the Whole the Sura of Three Millions, any Thing in an Aft, made in the Fifth and Sixth Years f the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Aft fur granting to Their Majejlies feveral Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vejftlsy and upon Beer, Ale> and other Liquors ; and for fecu ring certain Recompences and Advantages in the fatd Aft mentioned, to fuch Perfons as Jhall voluntarily advance the Sum of One Million fve hundred thoufand Pounds towards carrying on the War againft France, or in any fubfequent Aft, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XLIV. And it is hereby enafted, That the faid Commiffioners of the Tie3fury {hall, and they are hereby refpeftively authorized and empowered, to caufe fuch Bills as (hall be prepared by virtue of this Ad, to be placed as fo much Cafh in the refpeftive Offices of the Tellers of the faid Receipt of Exchequer, each and every of which Teller (hall be feveraily charged with a Proportion of the faid Biila which (hall be fo placed in his Office refpeftively ; any Law or Ufage to the contrary nothwithftanding.

XLV. And it is hereby aifo enafted and declared, That the faid Exchequer Bills in the Hands of the faid Tellers fhall be locked up, and fecured as Cafh, according to the Courfe of the Exchequer, and fhall be taken and efteemed as Co much in part of the Remains, in Real Money, wherewith each of the faid Tellers fhall from Time to Time Hand charged, in common with other the Monies in the faid Exchequer, any Law or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Aft, together with the Intereft that may become due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the fame, fhall be, and the fame are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the Rates, Duties, and AfTeffments, granted by this Aft; and it fhall be lawful for the Commiffioners of the Treafury, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, to direft to be iffued to the faid Paymafters, by way of Impreft, and upon account, fuch Sums of Money, and at fuch Periods, as the faid Commiffioners fhall think neceffary, for or towards paying off and difeharging the Exchequer Bills which fhall have been made forth by virtue of this Aft, or any of them, and for and towards paying the Intereft to become due on the faid Bills, and for and toward* the Charge of exchanging and circulating*the fame Bills, or any of them.

XLVII. And be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid, That on the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, or within Ten Days after, the Commiffioners of the Treafury, or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treafurer, or anjr Three or more of the Commiffioners of the Treafury for the Time being, fhall caufe a true and perfeft Account in Writing, to be taken and attefted by the proper Officers, of the*Amount of all Exchequer

C 2	Bills

*9

Intereft on Ex* chequer Bills 4l. per Cent.

Bank of England authorized to advance

3,000,0001. on Credit of this

a a.

5 St 6 Gul. and Maty, c. 30.

§ 30.

Said Exchequer Bills ftiall be placed as Cafh in the Exchequers

and fhall be iifuable thereout in common with other Monies.

Said Exchequer Bills and Intereft charged on Duties granted by this

Manner of paying off faid Bills.

Account of faid Exchequer Bills fhall be made out up to 2d March 1810.



GoogI<2

Money remaining due charged on the then next Aids.

Surplus ftiall be carried to Con-folidated Fund.

Trrafury may allow out of the Confolidated Fund, Charges et making out the Exchequer Bills.

Su'd Charges lhall b(* replaced out of the Firll Supplies.

C. 1,2,3.	49°	GEO. III.	A.D. 1809*

Bills that (hall have been iflued by virtue of this Aft, and how much thereof (hall before that Time have been paid off or difeharged, and how much thereof (hall then remain undilchr.rged.

XLVIII. And it ia hereby enafted and declared by the Authority’ aforefaid, That the Monies fo remaining unfatisfied or not difeharged, with the lntereft due or to grow due thereon, and the Cnarges of exchanging and circulating the fame, (hail be paid and fatisfied out of the next Aid or Aids to be granted in Parliament, after the faid Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten.

XLIX. And be it further enafted, Thatthe Surplus of the Monies arifing from the Rates, Duties, and Affeffments, granted and impofed by this Aft, after paying off and fatisfying ail the Exchequer Bills iflued by virtue of this Aft, together with the lntereft that may become due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the fame, (hall, as the Surplus of any fucb Monies refpeftively (hall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund.

L. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enafted by the Authority aforefaid. That the faid Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Trcafury, or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treafurcr, or any Three or more of the Commiflioners of the Treafury for the Time being, (ball have Power, and he or they are hereby enabled to pay and allow or caHfe to be paid and allowed out of the Monies to anfe of or for the faid Rates and Duties hereby granted, or of or for the Confolidated Fund, from Time to Time, the neceflary Charges of making forth the new Exchequer Bills hereby authorized to be made forth, and fuch other Charges as (hall be neceflarily incident, in or for the Execution of this Aft, or any Part thereof in relation to the faid Bills, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LI. Provided always, and be it enafted by the Authority aforefaid. That whatever Monies (hall be iflued out of the faid Confolidated Fund, (hall from Time to Time be re-placed by and out of the Firft Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

** Aft may be altered or repealed this Seflion. § 52.

CAP. II.

An Act for railing the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thoufand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nine.	[22d	February	1809.]

ft Trcafury empowered to raife 10,500,000/. by Exchequer Bills. § 1,2. Principal of faid Billa charged on the firft Supplies of next Seflion. § 3. lntereft thereon 3~d. per Cent, per Diem. §4. Said Bills (hall be «* current at the Exchequer, &c. after 5th /Ipril 1809. §5. Bank *( of England empowered to advance 6,500,000/. on Credit of this «• Aft. § 6. Aft may be altered or repealed this Seflion. § 7.

CAP. III.

An Act for raifing the Sum of One million five hundred thoufand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nine.

[22d February 1809.J [On the Me Terms as under Cap. 2. of this Sejjton.]



A.D.i8o9<

490 GEO. Ill* CAP. IV.

An A ft to allow a certain Proportion of the Militia of Great Britain to enlift voluntarily into the Regular Forces.

€ TTJ'HEREAS it is neceflary that the moft efRAual Meafures

*	V \ fhould be taken for augmeming His Majefty’s Regular Forces ;

*	and it is therefore expedient to allow fo many of the Militia of Great

*	Britain as will leave ferving, including Corporals, Three-fifths of

*	the Number of the Eftablifhment in Rank and File of each Regiment

*	of Militia, to enlift into His Majefty’s Regular Forces, under certain

*	Provifions and Reftriftio^s; and to enable His Majefty to accept the 4 Services of the Men fo voluntarily enlifting : May it therefore pleafc

*	Your Majefty that it may be enafted/ &c.

44 His Majefty may appoint Regiments of the Regular Forces into 44 which Militia Men may enlift. § i. Number of Men to be eniifted 44 (hall not exceed fuch Number as will leave ferving Three-fifths of the Eftablifhment. §2. Where the Number of Men in any “ Regiment exceeding Three-fifths of the prtfent Eftablifhment (hall 44 be lefs than Two-fifths of the Eftablifhment in 1807; fuch Two-44 fifths may enlift. § 3. Commanding Officer (hall afoertain Numbers 44 willing to enlift, and if it be Five-fixths of the Number allowed, f* no more (hail be eniifted without Confent of the Commanding “ Officer. § 4. His Majefty may appoint Officers to approve or rejeft 44 Men $ but none fhall be rejefted who are Five Feet Four Inches 44 (except for Marines), and under Thirty-five Years of Age, unlefs 44 difablcd. § 5. Men eniifted into the Regulars may be transferred 44 to the Marines. $ 6. Commanding Officer of every Regiment, out 44 of which the Proportion of Five-fixths fhall not enlift within the 44 firft Thirty Days, fhall read His Majefty’s Order, and explain the 44 Terms of Enrolment, &c. § 7. If the Number who. fhall then 44 enlift fhall not be the due Proportion, a further Enliftment may “ take place for Seven Days. § 8. After faid Seven Days, no further 44 enlifting (unlefs with Confent of Commanding Officer) for One 44 Month ; then Three Days more enlifting, and again, after One 11 Month more, and afterwards for Three Periods of Three Days each, 44 at Intervals of Three Months. None fhall be allowed to enlift after 44 the Expiration of the laft Period. § 9. (But fee 49 G. 3. c. 53. § 32.) 44 As foon as the Number to be eniifted from any Regiment is afeer-44 tained, they fhall be difeharged, and if approved, attefted. § i£>. 44 Lieutenants of Counties fhall tranfmit to the Privy Council the 44 Number of Men difeharged, &c. § jt. No Perfon in Confinement, 44 or having been punifhed under Sentence of a Court-martial within 44 Three Months preceding, fhall be entitled to enlift without Confent 44 of Commanding Officer, &c. J 12. Clerks, Drummers, Muficians, u Armourers, ard Artillery Men, fhall not enlift without Confent of 44 the Commanding Officer. §13 One Serjeant and One Corporal 44 may enlift for every Twenty Men, with Confent of Commanding 44 Officer. § 14. Commanding Officers may refufe to difeharge Men 44 upon Cauie affigned to the Commander of t DiftriA, Sec, § j f‘ Perfons difeharged refufing to enlift, or not approved of, fhall continue to belong to the Regiment from which difeharged. § 16. A A fhall 1* not authorize enlifting or perfuading to enlift any Militia Man not

[13th March 1809.]

c 3

44 duly



Google

%%

Number of Men

to be enlifted ftall not exceed fuch Number as will leave ferving Three-fifths of the Eftablifh-mer.t in each Regiment, whether augmented or not*

C.4,y.	49° GEO. III.	A.D.1809.

44 duly difeharged. § 17. His Majefty mav iflue Orders to Lieutenants 41 of Counties and Commanding Officers, for executing the Ad, § 18. 41 No Perfon (hall be drafted from the Regiment in which he enlifted, 44 without his Confent. &c. § 19. On Produdion to Commanding 41 Officer of Certificates by Magiftrates of En.illrr.vnt, Men (hall be 41 difeharged from the Lift of Men ferving for the County. § 2Q. 44 Adjutants of Mditia (hall tranfpnit Rrturns of Mem enlifted to Cterks 4< of SubdiviGon Meetings, and the Allowance to their Families (hall 4‘ ceafe, &c. §21. Ad (hall not extend to London. §22, Provi-4‘ fions relating to Countits and Regiments extended to Scewartries, 44 Battalions, &c. § 23. Ad may be altered or repealed this 4t Seffion. § 24.

CAP. V.

An Act to allow a certain Proportion of the Militia in Ireland voluntarily to enlift into His Majefty’s Regular Forces.

[13th March 1809.]

4 'ITT HE REAS it is neccffary that the mod effedual Meafures 4 VV (hould be taken for augmenting His MajeftyV. Regular Forces;

4 and it is therefore expedient to allow a certain Proportion of the 4 Militia in Ireland to enlift into His Majefty’s Regular Forces, under 4 certain Provilions and Reft ridions ; and to enable His M a jetty to 4 accept the Services of the Men fo voluntarily enlifting : May it 4 therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded/ &c.

4< H’s M j fty, by Order, (ignified by the Lord Lieutenant pf “Ireland, See. may appoint Regiments of the Regular Forces into l,ti which Militia Men may enlift. § r.

II. And be it further enaded, That the Number of Private Men to be enlifted out of any Regiment of the faid M.litia, (hall not m any Cafe.exceed fuch Number of the Private Men of fuch Militia as will leave ferving, including Corporals, Three-fifths of the Number of the EllabliftimcRt in Rank and File of fuch Regiment, according to the Eftabiifhment thereof at the Time of fuch Enbftmtnt, whether fuch Eftabliftunent (hall have been augmented or not, under or by virtue of any Ad m Force 1 n* Ireland for that Purpofe; and ti» cafe the Militia of any County (hall confift of more than One Battalion, the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, (hall afeertaio the Number.of Private Men that may be allowed to enlift out of each fuch Battalion, by the Proportion which the Number of Private Men ferving in each Battalion bears to the whole Number of Private Men adually ferving n the Militia of fuch County, and (hall fignify to the Commanding Officers of each of luch Battalions, the Number of Private Men that may be allowed to enlift out of their refpedive Battalions.

44 Mode and Periods of enlifting. $ 3—8. (As under § 4—9. of 44 49 G. 3* r. 4. ref petting the Britijh Militia. Andfee 49 G. 3. c. 56. § 12. 44 as to further Periods of enlifling.) Diicharge of Men enlifted. §9. 4< [As § 10. of 49 G. 3. £.4.) Regulations refpediog Pcrfons in Con-44 finemenf, Clerks, I>rummers, Serjeants, See. 8cc. § 10—16. [As § 12 44—17. of 49 G. 3 c.4.) His Majefty may iflue fuch Orders 44 through the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, 8cc. to Governors, &c. 44 of Counties, and to Commanding Officers, as he may think neceflary >	44	for

•

Google

A.D .1809.	.	49°	GEO,	III.	C.	5,6,7. 11

<( for executing thie Aft. §17. Account of the Number of Men 44 difeharged from the Militia fhali be tranfmitted by Commanding 44 Officer to the Lord Lieutenant. § 18.

CAP. VI.

*3

An Aft: for tlie Relief of Prifoners in Cuftody for Non-payment of Money purfuant to Orders of Courts of Equity.

[13th March 1809.]

4	TYTHERE AS it is juft and Irghly expedient that the Benefit of 4 VV an Aft, pafied in the Trirty fecond Year of the Reign of 4 his lne Majrfty .King George the Second, intituled, An Ad for Relief 32 G. 2. c. 28.

*	of Debtors with refped to the Imprifonment of their Perfons, and to 4 oblige Debtors, whojhall continue in Execution in Prifon beyond a certain 4 ‘Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Ad, to make 4 Difcovery of and deliver upon Oath, their EJlate$ for their Creditors 4 Benefit; and of an Aft, pafled in the Tnirty-thifd Year of the

4 Reign of His prefent Majeity, intituled, An Ad for the further Relief 33 G. 3.c. 5.

4 of Debtors with refped to the Imprifonment of ihcir Perf ns. and to 4 oblige Debtors, who Jhall continue in Execution in Prifon beyond a certain	..

4 Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Ad, to make 4 Difc every of and deliver upon Oath, theix EJlates for their Creditors 4 Benefit; and of an Aft, palfed in the Thirty-fevtnth Year of the 4 Reign of H;s prefent Majefty, intituled, 44 An Ad to amendfo much 37 G.3. o. 8S.-

*	of an Ad, made. in the Thirty fecond Tear of the Reign nf King George •	*

4 the Second, intituled, 4 An Ad for the Relief of Debtors with refped

4 to the Imprifonment of their Perfons, and to oblige Debtors, who jhall

4 continue in Execution in Prifon beyond a certain Time, and for Sums

4 not exceeding what are mentioned in the jjd, to make D if every of and	«	-	I

4 deliver upon Oath, their EJlates for their Creditors Benefit1 as' relates

4 to the Weekly Sums thereby dirededto be paid to Prifoners in Execution

4 for Debt, in the Cafes therein mentioned f’ fhopld be extended to

4	Prifoners in Cuftody for Contempt of Court, by not paying M^ney

4	ordered to be paid by Decrees or Orders of Courts of Equity Be it

therefore enafted by the King’s mofi Excellent; Majcfty, by \Vitli

the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, 'arid

Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Aiftb&rify

of the fame. That from and after the paffipg of this Aft, all Perfons Perfons in

who are or (hall be in Cuftody for Contempt of any Court of Equity, Cuftody for

by not paying any Sum or Sums of Money Coffs, ordered to/be Contempt.ob»

paid by any Decree or Order of any fuch Court, fhaU be edited to

the Benefit of the (aid feveral Afts of Parliament, and (hall be fubjeft to ^entoriSoney

all the fame Terms and Conditions as are therein expreffed and declared orCofts, fhaU be

with refpeft to Prifoners for Debt only ; and that it (hall be lawful for entitled to the

Perfons now in Cuftody for fuch Contempt to mate Application for Benefit of the

Relief under the faid Afts of Parliament, at1 any Time before the recit*d A&s.

End of Michaelmas Term next.	;	.	*

CAP. VTL // ' '■ V?;’’

An Act to prohibit the DiftiJIation of Spirits from. Corn or Grain, in the United Kingdom for a limited Time. - ■ *

[13th March 1809;] €TT7HEREAS tbfe circumftances under which it;was deemed [£«? 48 Geo.3,

4 VV expedient to prohibit the Diftillatbn of Spirits from Corn or c. Ui.J 4 Grain, ftill exift $ and it is. therefore neceffary to continue the faid

C 4	Prohibition,



*4

In England, in Accounts of Sugar-Waft liable to Duties under

46 G. 3. c. 152. Credit ftall be given for 21 Gallons Spirits to every 100

.Waft.

ilt

as March I *10, 4915.3. c.lOS.j

C.7,8.	49°	GEO.	III.	A.D.iBoi);

• Prohibition, fora Time to be limited, and to enable His Majefty, bf 4 Proclamation, if he (hall judge it for the Benefit and Advantage of 4 His Kingdom, either to terminate or further continue fuch Prohibition 4 for a Time to be limited:9 Be it therefore enaftcd, &c.

4< From the paffing of this Aft Diftillation from Grain prohibited 4< throughout the United Kingdom till Dec. 31, 1809. § 1. After 4r Oftober 1, 1809, His Majefty by Proclamation, &c. may permit 4i Diftillation from Grain (except Wheat); or may continue the 4‘ Prohibition throughout the United Kingdom from Dec. 31. until #< Forty Days after the next Meeting of Parliament. § 2. Penalty 41 for ufing Grain for Diftillation during the Prohibition, 300/ &c. § 3. 44 Diftiiler8 taking into their Cuftody, during the Prohibition, Grain 41 which (hall have been ground (except Malt not exceeding Two 4< Quarters, or Wheat Meal or Flour not exceeding One Sack) (hall 4< forfeit 500/. and the Grain. § 4. Exemptions for Diftillers who 41 are Millers. § 5. Diftillers may have in their Cuftody ground Grain 4‘at any Time within Twenty Days of the Expiration of the Pro-4< bibition. § 6.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That every Officer of Excife in England having any Still or Still-houfe or other Place uled for the Purpofe of making or diftilling Spirits under his Survey, (hall keep exaft Accounts in bis Books of all Worts and Waft whereon the Duties are impofed by an Aft made and pafled in the la ft Seffion of Parliament, intituled. An Act for granting certain Duties on Worts or Wajb made from Sugar during the Prohibition of Diftillation from Corn or Grain in Great Britain, and ftall in his faid Books give unto the feveral Diftillers or Makers of Spirits under his Survey a Credit after the Rate or Proportion of Twenty-One Gallons of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof for every One Hundred Gallons of Wort or Waft brewed or made from Sugar by fuch Diftiller or Diftillers, during fuch Time as fuch Diltiller or Diftillers (hall continue to work or diftil Spirits from Sugar.

4< Former A6U, (except as hereby altered,) (hall remain in Force. § 8. 4C Penalties may be recovered and applied as under former Laws of u Excife. § 9.

CAP. VIII.

An,Aft to fufpend the Importation of Britijh or Irijh mad® Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland refpeftively, until the Firft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and nine.

[13th March 1809.]

4 TT7HEREAS Doubts haveerifen whether the Regulations under 4 VV which the Drawbacks and Countervailing Duties paid or 4 payable on Spirits the Manofafture of Great Britain and Ireland 4 imported from either Country into the other, do not operate as a 4 Bounty on the Exportation of Spirits from Great Britain to Ireland, 4 and a Duty on the Exportation ot Spirits from Ireland to Scotland, 4 contrary to the Sixth Article of the Aft of Union ; and it is there-4 fore expedient to fufpend the Importation of Irifh made Spirits 4 into Great Britain^ and of Britijh made Spirits into Ireland for a 4 Time to be limited, until proper Provifion can be made for regulating 4 the Inurcouife between Great Britain and Ireland, in relation to 4	4	Spirits

 t^ooQle

A.D,i8o9*	49°	GEO. III.	C.8,9.

* Spirits the Mantifaftune of either Country f Be it therefore enabled by the King's moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the pafling of this Aft, and until the Firft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and nine, no Spirits diftilled or made in Ireland (hall be imported or brought into any Part of Great Britain, nor (hall any Spirits of Brttijh Manufafture be imported or brought into any Part of Ireland, on Pain of forfeiting all fuch Spirits fo imported or brought into either Country contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of thiyAft, together with theCafksor Packages containing the fame, and alfo the Ships, Boats, or Vefiels, in which the fame (hall be brought or imported; and all fuch Spirits, Calks, Packages, Ship?, Boat?, or Veffcls, (hall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Cuftoms or Excife.

Penalty may be remitted by Commiffioners of Excife, on Proof 41 that the Veffils cleared out with the Spirits before March 8, 1809, “ and on Security for the Re-exportation. § 2. Penalties may be 44 recovered as under former Excife Laws. § 3.

CAP. IX.

An Act to grant Bounties on the Importation of Flax Seed into Ireland from Great Britain, until the Eighth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nine ; and to amend the Laws for the Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland, fo far as relates to Importers of Flax Seed.

[13th March 1809.]

4i Bounty of Fivf Shillings for every Bufhel of Flax Seed imported 4t into Ireland, having been exported from Great Britain between 8ttk 4i March and 8th April 1809. § I. Bounty limited to the Firft 50,000 “'Bufhels imported. § 2. Regulations preferibed by 42 Geo. 3. c, 75. 44 and 44 Geo. 3. c. 42. (hall be obferved in the Importation. § 3. 4i Bounty (hall be paid by Collectors of Cuftoms under Orders of 44 the Commiffioners of Cuftoms. §.4.

V.	1 And Whereas itrte expedient that the faid Aft, made in the ‘ Forty-fecond Year of His prefent Majefty's Reign, intituled. An 4 A3 to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen MahufaSure 4 in Ireland, (hould be amended in Manner herein-after mentioned Beit therefore enafted, That when any Perfon (hall have imported or (hall import any Flax Seed into Ireland, and fuch Flax Seed (hall have been or (hall be duly infpefted and examined, branded and marked as found and fit for fowing, according to the Direftions arid Provifions contained in the faid recited Aft of the Forty-fecond Year afore faid, the Importer of any fuch Flax Seed (hall not be fubjtft 6r liable to the Penalty of Ten Pounds Ten Shillings, under the faid recited Aft, for or in refpeft of any fuch Seed fo branded and marked for its being bad, mixed, or damnified Flax Seed, or Flax Seed unfit for fowing, which fuefi Importer (hall fell at any Time after the pafling of this Aft, between the Twenty-fifth Day of March and the Firft Day of July in any Year, nor to the Forfeiture of any fuch Flax Seed, nor the Calks -or Packages containing the fame, nor of the Price thereof when fold: Provided always, that fuch Importer fo felling

fuch

W

Until June 1, 1809, no Ixiih Spirits IhaU be imported into Great Britain, nor Britifh Spirits imported into Ireland,

Penalty.

Importer of Flax Seed HiaH not be fubje<ft t# Penalty of lol. 10s. under 42 G. 3. c. 75.

§ 7. for Seed unfit for fowinjr, if fold between 25 March and 1 July in any Year, &c.

 LjOOQI

C'pjiOjii.	4p5	GEO. III.	A.Dni8op.

fuch Flax Seed (hall, at the Time of felling the fame, deliver to the Buyer thereof a Certificate in Writing, (ubferibed by fuch Importer, expreffing truly th# Quantities and Price of the Seed fo imported and fold, and the Port from whence the fame was imported, and the Year of its Growth, whether fuch Certificate (hall have been demanded on Behalf of fuch Buyer or not, and that fuch Certificate (hall be true in all its Circumftances, and that fuch Seed (hall not have been removed by fuch Importer fo fe.ling the fame from or out of the Cade or Package in which the fame was originally imported and branded with the word “ Sound,” in Manner required by the faid recited Ad, and (hall be fold in fuch entire Cafk or Package without dividing or felling the fame in any fmaller Quantity.

** Before 8th April 1809, any Infpedor of the Linen and Hempen li Manufactures in Ireland may examine Flax Seed in the Ports of Great Britain^ and brand and mark the Cafks “ Sound,” &c. § 6. Fee of One Penny per Bu(hel nay betaken by (uch Infpedor. § 7. Ad may be altered this Seflion. § 8.

CAP. X.

An Act to continue fo much of an Aft of the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, as allows a Bounty upon double refined Sugar exported, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven ; and fo much of the fame Aft as allows a Bounty on Raw Sugar exported, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten.	[20th	March 1809.]

u So much of 47 G, 3. c. 22. as relates to Bounties on double refined Sugar continued to 25th March 1811 : and fo much of the faid Ad J** as relates to Bounties on raw Sugars (as continued and amended by ** 48 G. 3. c. 12.) further continued to 25th March 1810.

C A P. . XI.

An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain ; and for fufpending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Duties impofed by an Aft of the Forty-fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’(hall be fufpended.

[20th March 1809.]

u Recital of Ads 43 G. 3. c. 11 ; 45 G. 3. c. 93 ; 46 G. 3. c. ro ; “ 47 G. 3. Jl. 1. c. 29 ; 48 G. 3. c, 16. Drawbacks and Bounties in “ Schedule to recited Ad 45 G. 3. c. 93. (hall be paid. §1. If, “ on 5th May, 5th September 1809, or 5^ January 1810, the Average “ Prices of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar (hall not have exceeded t( Seventy Shillings per Cvut. the Drawback or Bounty in the Schedule u to 45 G.3. c. 93. correfponding with the Price (hall be paid, &c. § 2. “ Whenever under 46 G. 3. c. 42. § 10. the Trcafury (hall fufpend " the Payment of any Part of the Duty on raw Sugar impofed by “ that Ad, they (hall alfo fufpend a like Proportion of the Coun-“ tervaiiing Duties on Irijh refined Sugar imported, and of the Draw-

“ backs

 v^ooQle

A, D* 1809*	49° GEO. IH,	C.	tx9i2+

“ backsand Bounties on Britijh refined Sugars exported. §. 3. [«SVf “49 G. 3. c 43.] Recited A& 43 G. 3. c. ii.continued to 13—2$

44 March 1809. § 4. [See 47 Geo. 3.JI. 1. c. 29. arid References there.]

C A P. XII.

An A& for punifhing Mutiny and Defertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[20th March 1809.]

Number of Forces 133,022. J I.—$ 2 to 40, are the fame as the like 44 SedionS of 48 G. 3.. c. 15.

XLI. 4 And whereas by the Petition of Rights in the Third Year Recital of the * of King Charles the Firft, it isena&ed and declared, That the People Petition of Right, 4 of the Land are not by the Laws to be burthencd with the Sojourn- 3 ^r* 1,;

4 iag of Soldiers againft their Wills; and by a Claufe in an ACt of the §54	2’c*3*

4 Britijh Parliament, made in the One-and-Thirtieth Year of the Reign 5 4 of King Charles the Second, for granting a Supply to His Majefty 4 of Two hundred and fix thoufand four hundred fixty-two Pounds 4 Seventeen Shillings and Three-pence, for paying and difbanding the 4 Forces, it is declared and emCted, That no Officer, Civil or Military,

4 nor other Perfon whatfoever, fhould from thenceforth prefume to 4 place, quarter, or biilet, any Soldier or Soldiers upon any Subje&

4 or Inhabitant of this Realm, of any Degree, Quality, or Profcfiion 4 whatfoever, without his Confent; and that it (hall and may be lawful 4 for any Subject, Sojourner, or Inhabitant, to refufe to quarter any 4 Soldier or Soldiers, notwithftanding any Demand or Warrant, or 4 Bilietting whatfoever: But forafmuch as at this Time, and during 4 the Continuance-of this A£t. there is and may be Occafion for the 1 marching and quartering of Regiments, Troops, and Companies, in 4 feveral Parts ot the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;9 Be it further enaCted by the Authority aforefaid, That, for and during Conftables, &c, the Continuance of this Ad, and no longer, it fhall and may be lawful in England (hall to and for the Conftables, Tithingmen, Headboroughs, and other	^?ictrs'

Chief Officers and Magiftrates of Cities, Towns, and Villages, and in^ A?ehoufes, other Places within England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon- &c. *	*

Tweed, and, in their Default or Abfence, for any One Juftice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any fuch City, Town, Village, or Place, and for no others, and fuch Conftables, and other Chief Magiftrates as aforefaid, are hereby required, to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers in His Majefty’s Service, in Inns, Livery Stables, Ale-houfes, Vidualling-houfes, and the Houfes of Sellers of Wine, by Retail, to be drank in their own Houfes, or Places thereunto belonging ; other than and except Canteens held and occupied under the Authority of the Commiffioners for the Affairs of Barracks, and other than and except Perfons who keep Taverns only, being Freemen of the Company of Vintners of the City of London, who were admitted to the Freedom before the Fifth Day of jfuly One thoufand feven hundred and fifty-feven, or who fince have or fhall hereafter be admitted to their Freedom of the faid Company in Right of Patrimony or Appren-ticefhip, notwithftanding fuch Pcrfohs who keep Taverns only have taken out Victualling Licences; and all Houfes of Perfons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder, or Metheglin, by Retail, to be drank in Houfes, other than and except the Houfe or Houfes of any Diftil-

6	leri.

 L^OOQle

fit	C.	u.	49°	GEO.	III.	.	A.D.	1809.

hat in do

Dilttllro or Shopkeepers Houfes, or iq any private Houfes.

Penalty on Conftables, &e. quartering Soldiers in private Houfes, &c.

Penalty on Officers quartering Soldiers contrary to this A&, &Ct

Perfon* ag»

grieved by being quartered on, nay complain to any Juft ice and he relieved.

Licences may be granted by Two Magiftrates for keeping Canteens.

lm, who keep Houfc6 or Places for diftilling Brandy and Strong Waters, and the Houfe of any Shopkeeper whofe principal Dealings (hall be more in other Goods and Merchandizes than in Brandy and Strong Waters (fo as fuch Diftillers and Shopkeepers do not permit or fuffer Tippling in his or their Houfes;) and in no other, and in no private Houfes whatfoever ; nor (hall any more Billets at any Time be ordered than there are effe&ive Soldiers prefect to be quartered; alt which Billets, when made out by fuch Chief Magiftrates or Conftables, fhall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer prefent: And if any Conftable, Tythingman, or fuch like Officer or Magiftrate, as aforefaid, fhall prefume to quarter or billet any fuch Officer or Soldier in any fuch private Houfe, without the Confent of the Owner or Occupier, in fuch Cafe fuch Owner or Occupier fhall have his or their Remedy at Law, againft fuch Magiftrate or Officer, for the Damage that fuch Owner or Occupier fhall fuflain thereby ; And if any Military Officer fhall take upon him to quarter Soldiers otherwife than is limited and allowed by this A&, or fhall ufe or offer any Menace or Compulfion to or upon any Mayors, Conftables, or other Civil Officers before mentioned, tending to deter and difeourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed ; fuch Military Officer fhall for every fuch Offence, (being thereof contri&ed before any Two or more of the Juftices of the Peace of the County, by the Oath of Two credible WitnefTes,) be deemed and taken to be tp/o faBo cafhiered, and fhall be utterly difabled to have or hold any Military Employment within this Kingdom, or m His Majefty’s Service; provided the faid Conviftion be affirmed at the next Quarter Scffions of the Peace of the faid County, and a Certificate thereof be tranfmitted to the Judge Advocate, in London^ who is hereby obliged to certify the fame to the next Court-martial: And in ctofe any Perfon fhall find himfelf aggrieved, in that fuch Conftable, Tythingman, or Headborough, Chief Officer, or Magiftrate, (fuch Chief Officer br Magiftrate not being a Juftice of the Peace,) has quartered orbilletted in his Houfe a greater Number of Soldiers than he ought to bear in proportion to his Neighbours, and fhall complain thereof to One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace of the Divifion, City, or Liberty, where fuch Soldiers are quartered ; or in cafe fuch Chief Officer or Magiftrate fhall be a Juftice of the Peace, then, on Compkint made to Two or more Juftices of the Peace of fuch Divifion, City, or Liberty, fuch Juftices refpe&ivdy fhall have, and have hereby Power to relieve fuch Perfon, by ordering fuch and fo many of the Soldiers to be removed and quartered upon fuch other Perfon. or Perfons as they fhall fee Caufe ; and fuch other Perfon or Perfons fhall be obliged to receive fuch Soldier9 accordingly.

XLII. And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall be lawful for any Two Juftices of the Peace, or any Two Magiflratcs, within their refpe&ive Jurifdiftions, to grant or. transfer any Licence for felling Ale by Retail, or Cyder or Perry to be drank or confumed in any Houfe or Houfes, or Premifes where more Houfes or Premifes than one fhall be held together by the fame Perfon or Perfons as a Canteen, or any Licence to fell Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters, or Wine or Liquor by Retail, to any Perfon or Perfons applying for the fame, who fhall hold any Canteen under any Leafe thereof, or any Agreement or other Authority from the Commiffioners for the Affairs of Barracks, without Regard to the Time of Year or any Notices or

Certificate!

 CjOOQle

A. D. 1809.	49°	GEO.	HI.	,	C. u«	ft?

Certificates fpecified or required in relation to the applying for or granting any {uch Licences, any Thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding: And it fhall alfo be lawful for His Majefly’s Commifiioners of Excife in England -and Scotland refpeftively, or any Perfon appointed or employed by the faid Com-miflioners in England in that Behalf, or for any Colleftors or Super-vifors of Excife within their refpeftive Diftrifts, and they are hereby* required to grant Licences for felling Beer or Ale by Retail, or Cyder or Perry, to be drank or con fumed in the Houfe or Premifes occupied as a Canteen, of the Perfon or Perfons applying for fuch Licence, or any Licence to fell Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, or Wine or Liquors, by Retail to any fuch Perfon or Perfons who (hall ,hold any fuch Canteen under any fuch Licence or Transfer of any fuch Licence of any Juftice or Magiftrate as aforefaid ; and it fha.l alfo be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons holding any fuch Canteen* under any fuch Leafe, Agreement, or Authority as aforefaid, and having fuch Licences as aforrfaid to keep fuch Canteen, and to utter and fell therein, and in the Premifes thereto belonging, and not elfe-where, Viftualsand all fuch excifeable Liquors as he and they fhall be licenfed and empowered to fell under the Authority and Permiffioti of any fuch Excife Licence as aforefaid, without being fubjeft to any Penalty or Forfeiture, any Thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

41 § 43 to 57, are the fame as § 42 to 56 of 48 G. 3. c, 15.

LVIII. And be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid* For the providing That for the better and more regular Provifion of Carriages for His Carriages for the Majefty’s Forces in their Marches, or for their Arms, Clothes, or * forces mircUt\g Accoutrements, \n England) Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon- m Q<t* Tweed, all Juftices of the Peace, within their feveral Counties, Ridings,

Diviiions, Shires, Liberties, and Precinfts, being duly required thereunto, by an Order from His Majefty, or the General of His Forces, or the Mafter General or Lieutenant General of His Majefty’s Ordnance, or other Perfon duly authorized in that Behalf, (hall, as often as fuch Order is brought and (hewn unto One or more of them by the Quartermafter, Adjutant, or other Officer or Non*commiffiontd Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company, fo ordered to inarch, iffue out his or their Warrants to the Conftables, or Petty Conftables, of the Divifion, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred, and Precinft, from, through, near, or to which fuch Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company, fhall be ordered to march; requiring them to make fuch Provifion of Carriages, and Horfes or Oxen, with able Men to drive the fame, as is mentioned in the faid Warrant, allowing them fuffieient Time to do the fame, that the neighbouring Warrants fhall Part6 may not always bear the Burthen ; and fpecifying in the faid fpecify the Places Warrants the Place or Places to which the faid Carriages fhall by to wh‘ch the virtue of fuch Order as aforefaid, be required to travel, which (hall not exceed the Day’s March of the Troops, as preferibed in the *

Order produced to the Magiftrate, unlefs in cafe of prefling Emergency or Neceffity, and fhall in no Cafe whatever exceed Twenty-five Miles from the Place at which the March fhall commence: And in cafe fufficient Carriages cannot be provided within any fnch Liberty,

Divifion, or Precinft, then the Juftice or Juftices of the Peace of the next adjoining County, Riding, or Diviiion, fhall, upon fuch Order

as

 C^ooQle

Cm 1 X



Rates for Carriages*

Penalty on Officers loreing Waggons to travel more than Magiflrate’s Warrant fpecffies*

4P GEO. m.

A.D. i S 69S

as aforefaid being brought or ffietfm to One or more of them by any

of the Officers aforefaid, iffiie his or their Warrant to the Conftablts or Petty Con [tables of fuch next County, Riding, Liberty, Divifion, or Precind, for the Purpofes aforefaid, to make up fuch Deficiency : And the aforefaid Officer or Officers, who, hy virtue of the aforefaid Warrant from the Juihces of the Peace, are to demand the Carriage or Carriages therein mentioned of the Conftable or Petty Conftable, to whom the Warrant i9 direded, is aod are hereby required, at the fame Time, to pay down in hand to the faid Conitable or Petty Conitable for the Ufe of the PerTon who (hall provide fuch Carriages and Men, the Sum of One Shilling for every Mile any Waggon with Four or more Horfes lhall travel; and the Sum of One Shilling for every Mile any Wain with Six Oxen,or Four Oxen with two Horfes ihail travel; and the Sum of Nine pence for every Mile any Waggon frith narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horfes, refpedivtly, or carrying not lefs than Fifteen Hundred Weight, {hall travel; and the Sum of Sixpence for every Mile every Cart or other Carriage, with lefs than Four Horfes, and not carrying Fifteen Hundred Weight, {hall travel; or any further Sum not exceeding Four-pence, for every Mile any Waggon with Four or more Horfes, or any Wain with Six Oxen, or with Four Oxen and Two Horfes, {hall travel; and not exceeding Three-pence for every Mile any Cart with Four Horfes, or carrying not lef9 than Fifteen Hundred Weight, {hall travel; and not exceeding Two-pence for every Mile any Cart or Carriage with lefs than Four Horfes and not carrying Fifteen Hundred Weight, {hall travti;. according as the fame {hall be fixed and ordered by the Juftices pf the Peace for any County or Dilirid afiembled at any General Seflions of the Peace for fuch County or Diftrid, the faid Juftices having regard to the Price of Hay and Oats at the Time of fixing fuch additional Rate*; for which refpedive Sums fo received the faid Conftable or Petty Conftable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing (which Receipt need not be ftamped) to the Perfon or Perfons paying the fame : And fuch Conftable, or Petty Conftable, {hall order and appoint fuch Perfon or Perfons, having Carriages within their refpedive Libeities, as they {hall think proper, to provide and furniffi fuch Carriages and Horfes and Oxen and Men, according to the Warrant aforelaid, who are hereby required to provide and furniffi the fame accordingly ; and no Perfon owning or driving, or caulingtobe driven, any fuch Waggon,Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, ffiali be fubjed to any Penalty or Forfeiture, nor ffiali any fuch Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage be ftopped or detained by reafon of any Weight in any fuch Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, cr of being drawn by any Number of Horfes or Oxen ; but it ffiali be lawful for any Owner of any fuch Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage to put any additional Number of Horfes or Oxen to thofe preferred or paid for under this Ad ; any Thing in any Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or any particular Highway or Road, to the contrary notwithftanding: And if any Military Officer or Officers, for the Ufe of whofe Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company, the Carriage was provided, ffiali force and conftrain any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, to travel beyond the Diftance lptcifkd in the Magittrate’s Warrant, or ffiali not difeharge the fame in due Time for their Return Home on the fame Day, if it be pradicable, or ffiali fuffer any Soldier or Servant

(except



A.D.1809.	49° GEO. Ill*	C.i2.	51

(except fi’ch as are fick), or any Woriian, to ride in the Waggon,

Wain, Cart, or Carriage aforefaid ; or (hall force any Coriftable, or Petty Conftable, by Threatenings or menacing Words to provide Saddle Horfes for themfelves or Servants, or (hall force Horfes from the Owners, by themfelves, Servants, or Soldiers; every fuch Officer, for every fuch Offence, (hall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds; Proof thereof being made upon Oath before Two of His Majefty’s Ju(lice3 of the Peace of the fame County or Riding, who are to certify the fare to the Paymafter-general, or other refpe&ive Paymafter of His Majtfty’s Forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforefaid Sum of Five Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforefaid Juftices of the Peace of the fame County or Ridmg, and is hereby empowered to dedud the fame out of fuch Officer’s Pay: Provided always, that in Cafes where the Day’s Further Corn-March of the Troops (hall exceed Fifteen Miles, fuch further Com- penfation to be pe.ifation (hall be made and paid in like Manner to the Owners of made for Car-the faid Carnages as (hall be deemed reafonable by the Magiftrate who granted the Warrant for impreffing them, not exceeding the nmretunfthe ufual Rate and Hire of fuch Carriages*: Provided alfo, that every fame Day on Order of the Juftices affrmbled at any General Seffions of the Peace which impreffed, fixing a further Sum to be paid for the Hire of Carriages as aforefaid, in addition to the cuftomary Rates of One Shilling*, and Nine-pence, and Sixpence per Mile refpedively, (hall fpecify the Period tor which the fame (had be in force, and which (hall not in any Cafe exceed Ten Days beyond the General Seffions of the Peace for fuch County or Diffrid next enfuing the Date of fuch Order ; and a Copy* of every fuch Order, figned by the Chairman or Prefiding Magiftrate, and One other Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate at the Quarter Seffions at which the fame (hall be made, (hall, within Three Days after the making thereof, be tranfmitted to the Secretary at War 5 and no fuch Order (hall be valid or effectual, unlefs a Copy thereof be fo figned and tranfmitted as aforefaid.

41 § 59> 60, 61, are the fame as § j8, 39, 60, of 48 G. 3. c. 15.

LXII. ‘ And Whereas in confequence of certain Exemptions from Officers and

*	Tol’, exprefsly allowed by feveral A&s of Parliament for His Soldiers, &c.

*	Majefty’s Forces on their March, or on Duty, and for the Horfes Carri^em-

*	and Carriages attending them, Doubts have arifen whether in all ployed in His 4 Cafes not fo exempted, the Officers and Soldiers, and the Carriages, Majefty’s Ser-

*	and Horfes, belonging to His Majefty or employed in His Service, vice, exempted

*	and returning therefrom, may not be charged with the Payment of ^ayraent

*	Tolis-.’ Therefore for obviating fuch Doubts, it is hereby enaded 0 s» and declared. That all His M?jefty’s Officers and Soldiers, and their Horfes, on Duty, or on their March, and all Carriages and Horfes belonging to His Majcfty, or employed in his Service, and returning therefrom, or employed in His Service, when conveying the Officers,

Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children, or other Perfonsof or belonging

to His Majefty’s Forces; or the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements,

Tents, Baggage, and other Equipage, of or belonging to His Majefty’s Forces on their Marches, or any Ordnance, or Barrack, or Com-nuffdriat. or other Publick Stores of or belonging to His Majefty, or for the Ufe of His Majefty’s Forces, or returning therefrom, were and are, and (hall be exempted from Payment of any Duties and Tolls,

©therwife demandabie by virtue of any Ad of Parliament already

m&de

 LjOOQie

unlefs where it is exprefsly provided that they are liable.

Tolls on Barg-ea conveying Soldiers, &c.

Officers and Soldiers {hall be quartered in Ireland, as the Laws in force at the Time of the Union dire&.

Claufe for Relief of Perfons hallily enlifting tlicm-feltes.

Such Penons not paying tlve Money within the limited Time {hall be deemed to b« enlifted; in

C. 12.	490 GEO. IIL	A.D.i8op«

made, or hereafter to be made, for Perfons, Horfe*; or Carriage*, paffiug Turnpike Roads or Bridsres; unlefs by fuch A& it has beea or (hall be exprefsly provided that the faid Officers, Soldiers, Carriages, and Horfes, are and (hall be liable equally with others to the Duties and Tolls therein authorized to be demanded and taken r Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall exempt from the Payment of Toll any B^ats, Barges, or other Veflels employed in conveying the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children, or other Perfons of or belonging to His Majclty’s Forces, or the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrement|, Tents, Baggage, and other Equipage, of or belonging to Hia Majefty’s Forces, crany Military Stores along any Canal, but the fame mall be liable to Toll in like Manner asothtr Boat a* Barges, and Veflels are liable thereto.

“ § 63 to 67, are the fame as § 62 to 66 of 4S G. 3. c. 15*

LXVIII. And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid. That it (hall and jnay be lawful to quarter Officers and Soldiers in Ireland, in fuch and the like Places and Houfes as they might have been quartered in by the La$rs n force in Ireland at the Time of its Union with Great Britain; and that the Pofleffors of fuch Houfes (hall only be liable to furnifh the faid Officers and Soldiers quartered there, as by the faid Laws in force at the Time of the faid Union wa3 provided j and that if any Pcrfon in Ireland, liable to have Officers and Soldiers quartered and billetted on him, (hall refufe to receive or vi&ual any fuch Officer or Soldier fo quartered or billetted upon him or her as aforefaid, or (hall refufe to furnifh any fuch Officer or Soldier, fo quartered or billetted, in fuch Manner as by the faid Laws in force in Ireland at the Time of the faid Union was provided, every fuch Perfon, fo refufing, (hall be fubjed and liable to all fuch Penalties as any Perion fo refufing was liable to under or by virtue of any Laws ia force in Ireland at the Time of the faid Union.

§ 69 to 72, are the fame as § 68 to 71 of 48 G. 3. c. 13.

LXXIII. Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby ena&ed and declared by the Authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid Twenty-fourth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nine, when and as often as any Pcrfon or Perfons (hall be enlifted as a Soldier or Soldiers in His Majefty’s Land Service, he or they (hall, within Four Days, but not fooner than Twenty-four Hour?, after fuch enlifting refpe&ively, be carried or go with fome Officer, Non-commiffioned Officer or Private Soldier belonging to the Recruiting Party by which he (hall be enlifted, or with the Pcrfon employed on the Recruiting Service with whom he (hall have enlifted, before fome Jufticeof the Peace of any County. Riding, City, or Place, or Chief Magiftrate of any City or Town Corporate, refiding or being next to, or in the Viciqity of the Place where fuch Pcrfon or Perfons (hall have been enlifted, and not being an Officer in the Army, and before fuch Juftice or Chief Magiftrate he or they fhali be at Liberty to declare his or their DifTent to fuch enlifting ; and upon fuch Declaration, and returning the enlifting Money, and alfo each Perfon lo dillenting paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, fuch Perfon or Perfons fo enlifting (hall be forthwith dif-charged and fet at Liberty, in the Prefence of fuch Juftice or Chief Magiftrate $ but if fuch Pcrfon or Perfons (hall rctufe or negkd,

within

 GooQle

A»Q* x 96<?k

4^ QEO. Ill*

C 12.

within the Space of Tw*nty-four Hour*, to return antfr pay fuch Money, as .aforgfaid, he orjhey (hall be deemed and taken to be eg-lifted, as if-he or they had given Jus or their Aflf-nt thereto before the faii Juftice Or Chief Magiftrate ; and if fpeh Perfon or Perfons (hall declare his or their having voluntarily enhlted himfrlf or themlelves, then fuch Juftifce or Chief Magiftrate (hdl, and he is hereby required forthwith to read over, or in his own Prefence to caufe to be read over, to fuch Perfon or Perfons the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, and the Firll Article of the Sixth Sedion of the Articles of War a/ainft Mutiny and Defertion, and to tender and adminifter to fuch Pcrfon or Perfons refpedivdy, not on y the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the faid Articles of War, but alfo the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, iparked (A.), or if the Perfon (hall be defirous of enlifting without any Limitation of Period of Service, the Oath in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, marked (B.); and if fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall take the faid Oaths, then fuqh Juftice or Chiefs Magiftrate (hall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under hi* Hand the enlifting anjd /wearing, together with the Place of the P’tth, Age, and Calling, if known, of fuch Perfon or Perfons, in the, Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, piarked (C.)#; if the Oath in the Foroi marked (A.) (hall have been taken, and in . the Form marked (D.) if the Oath in the Form marked (B.) (hall have been taken, except in the Cafe of Recruits enlifted to ferve either itr His Majefty’s Troops, or in the Forces of the Eaft India, Company* according as His Majefty (hall think fit, in purfuance of an Ad; paffed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majefty, intituled, An A3 for better recruiting the Forces of the Eaft India Company, in which. Cafe every fuch Recruit (hall, inltead of the faid Oath of Fidelity, and of the Oath contained in the Schedule (A.) or (B.) to this Ad annexed, take the Oath of Allegiance direded by the faid Ad of the Thirty-ninth of His Majefty, and contained in the Schedule to, this Ad annexed, marked (E.); and the Juftice or Chief Magiftrate (hall certify fuch Enftftment and Swearing accordingly in the Form raen-( tiooed in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, marked (F.); and if any* fuch Perfon qr Perfqns, fo to be certified, (hall yyilfully refufe to take the faid Qath of Fidelity bcf°re the faid Juftice pr Chief Magi (Irate,, it (hall and.may be lawful for fuch Officer, from whom he has received luch Money as afore faid, to detain and confine fucK Perfon or Perfons' until he or they (hail take the faid Oath of F^elity ; and every; Military Officer that (hall ad contrary hereto, of offend"herein, (hall incur the like Penalty and Forfeiture as is by this Ad to be inflide.d, upon any Officer for making a falfe and untrue Mufter ; and the. Penalty and Forfeiture (hall be levied and recovered in the fame Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures a$e by this Ad to ,bq levied oj; recovered.

LXXIV. And be it further enaded, by the Authority aforefaid, That if any Perfon. .or Perfons (hall receive the enlifting Money from any fuch Officer, Nop-commiffioned Officer, private Soldier, or ottier. Perfon employed on the Recruiting Service, (knowing it to be fuch,} and ihali abfeond, pr refufe to go before fuch Juftice or Chief Ma-giftratc, or if any Perfon having received any fych enlifting Money aa p fore faid ihaiL thereafter abfent himfelf fr^m the Recruiting £arty with which he enlifted, gr Perfon wit;b whom he enlifted, and (hall hot; voluntarily return to fuch' Recruiting Party or Perfoa enlifting him, to

:*	P	g*

33

which Cafe, or if they enlift, the Juflices (hall read over to them certain Sedions of the Articles of War, and adminifter certain Oath*.

Recruits enlifted under a9 G. 3. -

c. 109. for the Eaft India Company’s Service, &c. (hall take the Oath of Allegiance.

Perfons receiving anlifting Money and abfcooding, &c. deemed duly eaU



Google

C. 12.

Peribiu concealing Infirmities on whiling, maybe transferred to Garrifnn, Veteran or Invalid Battalions, or the Marines.

Pcrfont making falfe Representations for the Purj ofe of obtaining Bounty, deemed guilty of obtaining Money under falfe Pretences; as under UO G. 0. C. 34.

Dsfertets farvtn-Mndering fball St deemed VO likve been duly enliiled*

4<f GEO. III.	A.D.	1809.

go before fome Juft ice of the Pence or Magiftrate, under the Pro-vifiom of this A cl, within fuch Period of Four Dayi aforefaid, fuch Prrfon (hall be deemed to be enlifted* and a Soldier in Hit Mtjcfty’i Service as fully to all Intents and Purpofes at if be had bcea duly attcfted, and may-be apprehended and punifhcd as a D-fcrter, or for being abfent without Leave under any Articles of War made for Punifbment of Mutiny and Dcfertion ; and it (hall not be nectflsry for any Recruiting Party or Pcrfon employed in entitling to give any Notice to any fuch Prrfon, or to go after an? fuch Perfon for the Pur-pofeof carrying fuch Prrfon before any Juftice or Mattiftrate as aforefaid} nor (hall any fuch Perfon who (hall mt have remained with, or who (hall not have returned to fuch Recruiting Party or Prrfon entitling him as aforefa’d, be entitled to be difcharged or be difchargcd by any Juftice of the Peace or Magi ft rate after the Expiration of fuch Four Days at aforefaid.

LXXV. And be it further ena&ed, That any Perfon who (hall enlifl into His Majefty’s Forces, a* d who (hall be difcovered to be incapable of a&ivc Service, by reafon of any Infirmity which (hall have been concealed by fuch Perfon, or not declared before the Juftice of the Peace at the Time of his Atteftation, and mentioned at the Foot thereof, may be transferred into any Garrifon or Veteran or Invalid Battalion, or into fits M^jefty’s Marine Forces, notwithstanding he (hall have enlifted for any particular Regimenr; any Thing in any A& or A&s of Parliament, or any Rules and Regulations relating to Soldiers, to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXXVI. And be it further ena&ed, That any Perfon who (hall knowingly, wilfully, and defignedly make any falfe Repnrfentatioo of any Particular contained in the Oaths refpr&ively marked (A.) and (B.) and Certificates marked (C.) and (D ) in the Schedule to this A& refpe&ively contained and annexed, before the Juitxe of the Peace or Magiftrate at the Time of his Atteftation, tor the Purpofe of obtaining, and (hall obtain any enhfting Money or any Bounty for entering into His Majefty’s Service, or any other Money, fhail be deemed guilty of obtaining Money undtr falfe Pretence, within tbc true Intent and Meaning of an A& paiTed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, intituled, An AQ for the more ejffeSual Punifbment of Perfons who Jball attain or attempt to attain Pojeffion of Goode or Money by falfe or untrue Pretences, for preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods. for the eafy Redemption of Goods pawned\ and for preventing Gaming in Publish Houfes by Journeymen* Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices; and the Production of fuch Certificate, and Proof of the Hand-writing of the Juftice of the Peace giving fuch Certificate, (hail be fufficient Evidence of fuch Party having reprvfentcd the feveral Particulars contained in the Oath fworn by him, and fptcificd in the Certificate of. the Juftice at the Time of his entitling.

LXXVII. And be it further ena&ed, That any Perfon who (hall voluntarily furrenicr or deliver himfelf up as a Dcferter, from any Regiment or Corps of His M'Jefty's Forces, (hall be deemed to have been duly enlifted and. to be a Soldier, and (hall be liable to ferve its any fath Regiment or Battalion or Corps of Hia Majefty’s Forces, aijHitMajcfty (hall think fit to appoint, whether fnch Perfon (hall . W*cbccucm»au,U7 culifttd M a Soldier or «*.

Art-

1.JUCVI1L

 v^ooQle

A.D.i8o£.	49°	($EO. III.	C. 12*

LXXVIII. And bc it further enafted, That if any Perfoi duly bound as an Apprentice, (hall enlift as a Soldier in His Majefty's Land Service, and (Hall date to the Juftice of the Peace, or Magiftrate-before whom he (Hall be carried, that he is not an Apprentice, every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being thereof duly convifted, (hall be and is hereby declared to be fubjeft and liable to be imprifon-d in any Gaol or Houfe of Correftion, and kept fo hard Labour for Two Years, may be indiftrd and punifhed for obtaining Money under falfe Pretences under the Provifions of the faid recited Aft of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of Hb late Majefty King George the Second, and (hall, after the Expiration of his Apprenticefhip, be liable to ferve as a Soldier in any Regiment of His Majefty’s Regular Forces; and if, on the Exoiration of his Apprenticefhip, he (hall not deliver hirafeif to fome Officer authorized to receive Recruits, may be taken as a De-ferter from His Majefty’s Forces.

LXXIX. And be it further ena&ed, That no Matter in England (Hall be entitled to claim any Apprentice who (hall after the palling of this Aft. enlitt as a Soldier in His Majefty’s Land Service, unlrfs fuch Aporentice (hall have been bound to him in England for the full Term of Seven Years, and if in Ireland for the full Term of Five Years at the lratt, and unlefs fuch Matter (hall within One Calendar Mouth after fuch Apprentice (Hall have abfconded or left his Service, go before fome Juftice of the Peace or "Magiftratt, and before fuch Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (G.,) and produce the Certificate of fuch Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate of his havin r taken fuch Oath, which Certificate fuch Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate is hereby required to give in the Form m the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (H.)

LXXX. And be it further enafted, That no Matter in Scotland (hall be entitled to claim any Apprentice who (hall after the palling of this Aft, enlift as a Soldier in His Majefty’s Land Service, unlefs fuch Apprentice (hall have been bound to him for the full Term of at leaft Four Years by a regular Contraft or Indenture of Appren-ticefhip, duly extended, figned and tefted, and binding on both Patties by the Law of Scotland, prior to the Period of Eniiftment, and unlefs fuch Contraft or Indenture, fo duly executed, (ha:l, within Tir^e Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeftiip, and before the Period of Eniiftment, have been produced to a Juttice of the Peace of the County wherein the Parties relide, and there (hall have been indorfed thereon by fuch Juftice a Certificate or Declaration figned by him, fpecifying the Date when, and the Perfon by whom fuch Contcaft or Indenture (halt have been fo produced, which Certificate or Declaration fuch Juftice of the Peace is hereby required to indorfeand4ign$ and unlefs fuch Apprentice (hall, when claimed by fuch Matter be under Twenty-one Years of Age, and unlefs fuch Matter (hall, within One Calendar Month after fuch Apprentice (hall have abfeonded or left his Service go before fome Juftice of the Peace, and before fuch Juftice of the Peace take the Oath rKentioned in the Schedule to ti is Aft annexed, marked (G.), and produce the Certificate of fuch Juftice of the Peace of his having taken ;fudr Oath, which Certificate fuch Juftice of the Peace is hereby required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked4(H.)

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enafted, ThSt no Matter in Scotland (hall be precluded from claiming auy Apprentice *	Da	who

3 6

Penalty on Apprentices enlill-ing themfelves.

Mailers not entitled to claim Apprentices, unlefs bound fur a certain Period, and tire Mafters (hall take the Oath herein mentioned.

How Mailers in Scotland lhall proceed to recover Apprentices.

Matters in Scotland (hall not be precluded

 i^ooQle

3 <*

from claiming Apprentices euiitting, if In* Ventures be pr.x luced to a Juttice within :j Months after jutting this Aft.

Matters of Apprentices entitling con-fenting, entitled to receive & certain Pan of the Bounty Money.

Apprentices etaimed by their Matters (hall be carried before a Juttice and committed.

C.ia.

49* GEO. III.

A.D.1809.

Jaftices (hall •examine upon Oath, and keep the Indenture to be produced.

Offenders (hall be tried at the next or fuc feeding Quarter Setfions.

who (hall hereafter enlift, by reafon of the Contraft or Indenture not having been produced to a Juftice of the Peace in the Manner dire&ed by the Ad of the laft Sefhon of Parliament, intituled, An A8 for fuwjb'tnx Mutiny and Defertion* and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quartered within the Time therein limited, provided the fame (hail be produced to any Juftice of the Peace of the County wherein the Parties refide, and be indorfed as therein diredfd, at any Time within Three Months after the paffing of this Ad.

LXXXII. And be it further enaded, That any Mafter of any Apprentice who (hall have entitled as a Soldier in His Majefty’s Land Forces, (hall upon his consenting to give up the Indentures of Apprentice (hip within One ^fonth after the ealifting of fuch Apprentice as a Soldier, be entitled to receive to his own Ufe fo much of the • Bounty payable to fuch Recruit, after deducing therefrom Two Guineas, which (hall be referved in order to provide the faid Recruit with Ntceftaries, as (hall not have been paid to fuch Recruit before Notice eiven of his being an Apprentice.

LXXXIII. And be it further enaded, That every Apprentice who (hall be claimed by his Mafter, (hall be be taken before a }office of the Peace or Magiftrate of the County, Stewartry, Riding, Divifion, City, Liberty, or Place, where fuch Apprentice (hall happen to be when fo claimed, and it (hall be lawful for fuch Juftice of the Peace or Ma-giftrate, and fuch Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate is hereby required, on Proof on Oath of fuch Perfon being an Apprentice, and having cniifted and declared that he was no Apprentice, and on Produdion and Proof of the Indenture of Apprenticcfliip, to commit fuch Perfon fo offending as aforefaid to the Common Gaol of the County, Stewartry, Riding. Divifion, City, Liberty, or Place where fuch Perfon (hall be at the Time when he (hall be fo claimed by bis faid Mafter, there to remain, until be (hall be difeharged by due Courfe of Law.

LXXX1V. And be it further enaded, That it (hail be lawful for the Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate, except in Scotland, as hereinafter mentioned, before whom fuch Perfon fo offending (hall be fo taken as aforefaid, to examine into the Matters alleged againft fuch Perfon upon Oath, and which Oath the faid Magiftrate is hereby empowered to admipifter ; and alfo to keep in his Cuftody the Indenture of Ap-prenticefhip, to be produced as Occafion (hall require, and to bind over the Mailer claiming fuch Perfon, and any other Perfons he may think proper, to ?ive Evidence at the General or Quarter Selfions of the Peace, or Stffion of Oyer ar.d Terminer, at which the Trial of fuch Perfon is berein-after direded to be had againft fuch Perfon fo offending, and the Produdion of fuch Indenture of Apprenticelhip, with the Certificate of the Juftiees of the Peace or Magiftrate that the fame was proved before him, (hall be fufficient Evidence of fuch Indenture of Apprenticelhip.

LXXXV. And be it further enaded, That every fuch Offender, except in Scotland* as hereinafter mentioned, may and (hall be tried at the General or Quarter Seftions of the Peace, or Seftions of Oyer and Terminer for the County, Riding, Divifion, City, Liberty, or Place, wherein the Offence charged (hall have been committed, next after fuch Offender’s being brought before fuch Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate as aforefaid, or die Sefikms immediately fucceeding fuch next Seftions, uolcb the Court (hull think fit to put off the Trial on juft Caufo.



Google

C« 12*

37

A.D. 1809.	490	GEO.	III.

f 86 to 90, are the fame as § 8f to 85 0/48 G. 3. r. 15.

XCI. * And Whereas feveral Soldiers, being duly lifted, do after- Juftices may * wards defert, and are often found wandering, or otherwife abfenting commit 4 themfelves illegally from His Majefty's Service/ it is hereby further Defwtera. enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful for the Conftable, Head-b rough, or Tithingman, of the Town or Place where any Perfon, who may be reafonably fufpe&ed to b* fuch a Deferter, (hall be found, or for any Officer or Soldier in His Majefty’s Service, to apprehend or caufe fuch fufpt&ed Perfon to be apprehended, and to bring or caufe him to be brought before any Juftice of the Peace, living in or near fuch Town or Place, who hath hereby Power to examine fuch fufpc&ed Perfon ; and if by his Confe(uon, or the Tfftimony of One or more Witnefs or Witneflcs upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of fuch Juftice of the Peace, it (hall appear or be found that fuch fufpefted Perfon is a lifted Soldier, and ought to be with the Troop or Company to which he belongs, fuch Juftice of the Peace (hall forthwith caufe him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he (hall be found; or the Houfe of Corre&ion, or other Publick Prifon, in fuch Town or Place where fuch Deferter (hall be apprehended; or to the Savoy, in cafe fuch Deferter (hall be apprehended within the City of London or Wejlmtnjler% or Places adjacent 5 or to the Provoft Marthal in cafe fuch Deferter (hall be apprehended within the City or Liberties of Dublin, or Places adjacent; and tranfmit an Account thereof to the Secretary at War for the Time being in London, or if the Deferter be apprehended in Ireland\ to the Chief Secretary to the Chief Governor or Governors thereof, to the end that fuch Perfon may be removed by an Order from the Office of the faid Secretary at War, or Chief Governor or Governors, and proceeded againft according to .

Law: And the Keeper of every Gaol, Houfe of Corre&ion, or Pnfon, in which fuch Deferter (hall at any Time be confined, (hall receive fuel*

Subfiftence for the Maintenance of fuch Deferter during the Time that he (hall continue in his Cuftody, as by His Majefty’s Regulations is or (hall from Time to Time be direded in that Behalf, and (hall be entitled to One Shilling for every Tweoty-four Houts Imprifonment of fuch Deferter; and the Keeper of every Gaol, Houfe of Corredioiv or-other Publick Prifon of the City, Town, or Place at or in which the Party or Perfon conveying fuch Deferter (hall halt on the March, ffiall9 and he is hereby required to receive and confine every Deferter who (hall be delivered into his Charge and Cnftody by any Non-commif-fioned Officer or Soldier who (hall be conveying fuch Deferter under any lawful Order, Warrant, or Authority, while on the Road from the Place where he was apprehended, to the Place to which he is to be conveyed, without any other Warrant or Authority for fo doing than the Frodu&ion of the Warrant of the Juftice of the Peace, on which fuch Deferter (hall have been taken, or fome Order from the Office of the Secretary at War, or of the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and (frail be entitled to One Shilling on account of the Imprifonment of the (aid Deferter; any Law, Ufage, or Cuftom to the contrary not with (landing.

« § 92 to 95, are the fame (is § 87 to 90 of 48 G. 3. c. i$.

XCVI. Provided alway8, and be it further ena&cd, that in all Cafes ’ Juftice* of in which any Extenfton of Furlough (hall be granted as aforefeid, and Peace, granting upon the Rcqueft of any fuch Non*commiffioned Officer or Soldier

P 3	whom	*urlou£h> im"



Google

3*

poweftd on Requeft to order Parifti Officers to advance P*y to Soldiers, which is to be reimhurfed by the Colle&or* of Excife.

C.I2.

49° GEO. Ill,

AJD. 1809.

Gommiflcrtet spon making up their Accounts, or returning from Foreign Service, flail take Oath.

OfBcers, Storekeepers, Cota-xniffaries, &c. embezzling, Set. Military Stores, lie. may be tried by a Court-martial.

Penalty on fuch Offenders.

whom the fame (ball be granted, it fhall be lawful to the Juftice of the Peace granting the fame, to make an Order in Writing under his Hand upon the Churchwardens and Overfecrs of the Poor of the Parifti, Townfhip, or Place wherein fuch Non-comintffioned Officer or Soldier fhall refide, requiring them to pay to fuch Non-commiffioned Officer or Soldier any Sura of Money dire&ed in fuch Order, not exceeding what the Pay of fuch Non-commiffioned Officer or Soldier would amount to for the Period to which fuch Furlough (hall be extended as aforc-faid ; and the fame fhall be paid accordingly, upon Production and Delivery to him of fuch Order by any fuch Parifn Officer out of any Money in his Hands applicable to t^e Relief of the Poor: ard the Sum fo advanced by fuch Parifti Officer (hall, noon the Production and Delivery of fuch Order to the Collector of Excifc of the DiftriA within which fuch Parifb, Townfhip, ot Place (hall be fituated, or any Perfon officiating for fuch ColU&or. be repaid to fuch Parifh Officer, to be applied to the Relief of the Poor, by fuch Collector of Excifc or other Perfon out of any Publick Monies in his Hands, and the fame fhall be allowed in his Accounts, and fuch Ordtrs of Juftices (had be taken as Cafti in the Payment of Duties of Excife received by him : Provided always, that if the Juftice of Peace fhall not think fit to make fuch Order for paying any fuch Money as aforefaid, he fhall ftate bit Reafons for fuch Refufal in Writing at the Back of the Furlough*

“ § 97 *099*, are the fame at f 91 to 93 of 48 G. 3. e. 15.

C. And be it further enafted, That all CommifTaries, upon making up their Accounts, and alfo upon returning from any Foreign Service, fhall take the Oath deferibed in the Schtdule to this A& annrxed, marked (I.) which Oath, if taken in any Part of the United Kingdom, fhall be taken before fome Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate, and if taken on Foreign Service, before the Commander in Chief, or the Second in Command, or the QnartervMafter or Deputy Quarter Mafter General, or any Affiftant Quarter Mafter General of the Army to which he fhall be attached, who fhall refpe&ively have Powtr to admi-nifter the fame.

Cl. And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid. That every Commiffion Officer, Storckcepeer, or Comnvffary, or Deputy or Affiftant Commiffary, or other Perfon employed in the Comm f* fariat Department, or in any Manner in the Care or Diftribution of any Money, Provifions, Forage or Stores, belonging to His Majefty’a Forcea, or for their Ufe, that fhall embezzle or fraudulently miiapply, or caufe to be embezzled or fraudulently mifapplied, or fhail knowingly or wilfully permit orfufferany Money, Provifions, Forage, Arms, Cloathing, Ammunition, or other Military Stores to be embezzled or fraudulently mifapplied, or to be fpoded or damaged, may-be tried for the fame by and before a General Court-martial, and it fhall be lawful for fuch Court-Martial to adjudge any fuch Perfon while in Service out of the United Kingdom to be tranfported as a Felon for Life, or for any certain Term of Year?, or to fuffer fuch Punifhment of Pillory, Fine, Imprifonment, DifmifTal from His Majtfty’s Service, and being capable of ferving His Majefty in any Office Civil or Military, -as any fuch Court fhall think fit according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence, or that fuch Perfon fhall forfeit Two hundred Pounds, and that fuch Perfon fhall in addition to any other Punifhment, make good, at his own Expcnce, the Lob aod Damage thereby fuftained,

to

 v^.ooQle

C. it

39

AM. ik*.	49°	GEO.	III.

to be afeertained by fuck Court-martial; which (hall hate Power to frize the Goods and Chattels of the Perfont fo offending, and fell them for the Payment of the faid Two hundred Pounds and fuch Damage : And if fufficient Goods and Chatttls cannot be found and feiz-d, then the Perfon fo offending (hall be committed to Prifon, or the Common Gaol, there to remain (in addition to any other Punifhmentor Impri-fonment) for S*x Months without Bail or M*inprizc, and until he (hall pay fuch Deficiency; and after the faid S im (hall be recovered and levied, the fame ftu.l be applied and difpofcd of as His Majcfty fhall direft and appoint.

u § 102 to 114, are the fame as § 95 to 10J of 48 G. 3. c. 15.

'CXV. Provided alwavs, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained (hall extend, cr be *ny ways conllrued to extend, to concern any of the Mil'tia Forces, or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in* Great Britain or Ireland. or in ferfey, Guernfey, Alderney* Sari, Or Man, or the Iflands thereto belonging, rxvep’ing on y in fuch Cafe wherein, by any Aft or Ads for regulating anv of the Militia Forces or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain or Ireland, the Provifion* contained in this Aft, or in any Aft for puniftrng Mutiny and Dvfcrtion, which (hall be then in force, are extended and meant to take place in refpeft to the Officers and Soldiers of the Militia Forces, or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain *nd Ireland; and alfo except lo far as relates to the muttering of the faid Militia Forces accoiding to the Provifions hereinafter mentioned.

u § 116, 117, are the fame as $ 109, no of 48 G. 3. c. 1$.

CXVIII. And be it furthci enafted, Tuat any Perfon taking a falje Oath in any C*fe wherein an Oath i* required to be taken by this Aft, fha!l be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and being thereof duly conviftcd, (hall be liable to fuch Pains and Penalties as by any Laws now in force any Perfon* conviftcd of wilful and corrupt Perjury are fubjeft and liable to.

“$119 to 128, are the fame as § ill to 120 of G. 3. e. 15.

Continuance of Aft in Great Britain from 25th March 1809 to 24th •VMarch 1810; ;n Ireland*rom 31ft March 1809 to III April 1810; 11 in Jerfey, Guernfey, Alderney. Sark, *iul Man, from 30th April 1809 •* to lit May 1810; in Gibraltar, See. from 24th March 1810 to •* 25th March 1811, $ 129.

CXXX. Provided always, and be it enafted, That this Aft, fo far as relates to the Allowances to be made for the quartering of Soldiers and providing for their Horf<s, or for the Provifion of Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges, or other VtfTcls, and Men, may be altered and varied by any Aft or Aft* to be made in this Seffion of Parliament.

M Schedules A. to H1 are the fame as thofe annexed to 48 G. 3. C. 15.

SCHEDULE (I.)

FORM OF OATH. t	do	hereby	make	Oath,	That I have not applied

* ainy Money or Stores, or Supplies, unde* my Care or Diftnbutton, to my own Ufe, or to the private Ufe of any other Perfon, by way of Loan to fuch Perfon, or otherwife, or m any Manner applied them,

D 4	or

For want of Diftrefe the Offender (hall be committed.

Application of the Forfeiture.

Thii Aft not to extend to the Militia, &c. further than is dirtfted by the Laws relating thereto.

Exception.

Perfons taking a falfe Oath, guilty of Ftrjury.

Aft, ia part, may be altered this Seffion. [See 49 G* 3. c.a 7.]

 C-ooQle

4o

V. 1*2,13.	4p	CIO.	IH.	A.D. ffc*.

or knowingly permitted them to be applied to *n? other than Publick Purpofc8r and according to the Dirty of my Office.

Sworn before me by the within-named this	Day	of	/

A. B.

[Juftice of the Peace for the County of	or	Commander	in

Chief, or Second in Command the Army ferving in	&c,	ax

the Cafe may be.~\

Irifli A&,

38G<a. c. i3. repealed.

Perfons kut wlngly receiving or having in their Cuitody forged Notes or £ktnk Notes of

CAP. XIIIS An Act for the more effe&ually preventing the Forging of Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Poft Bills, and the Negociation of forged and counterfeited Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Poft Bills, of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.	[20th March 1809.]

1 TT 7" HE REAS by an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland, 4 VV in tht Thirty-eighth Year of His prefent Majrfty’s Reign, 4 intituled, An At7 for the more effectually preventing the Forging of the

*	Notes and Bills of the Governor and Company of the Bunk of Ireland,

*	and the Circulation of forged Notes and Bills of the faid Governor and 4 Company; it was amongtt other Things enacted. That if any Perfon 4 fhall have in his or her Poffeffion or Cuftody any forged or counter-4 feited Note or Notes, Bill or Bills of Exchange, of the Governor ? and Company of the Bank of Ireland, knowing the fame to be forged

*	or counterfeited, with an Intent to utter or negociate the fame as 4 the true and genuine Note or Notes, Bill or Bills of Exchange, of

*	the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, every fuch Per-

*	fon fo offending, and being thereof convifted, (hall be punilhed by 4 Fine, Jmprifonment, Pillory, or other corporal Panifhfnent, accord-

'* ing to the Difcretion of the Court before whom he or flic fhall be 4 profecuted for fuch Offence: And whereas the faid Provifion, and 4 the Penalties therein contained, have been found infufficicnt to deter 4 Perfcns from the Perpetration of the Offences thereby meant to be 4 guarded ngainlt, and it is thtnfore deemed expedient to repeal the 4 lameV Be it therefore enafted by the King’s molt Excellent M* jetty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the Day of palling of this Aft, fo robch of the faid recited Aft as is hercic-before recited, fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed, except fo far as relate* to any Offence againft the faid recited Aft committed before the Expiration of Ten Days after the Day of pafiing of this Aft. '

II. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland fhall, from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the Day of palling of this Aft, purchafc or receive from any other Ptrfon or Perfons any’forged or counterfeited Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, Bank Poll Bill, or Blank Bank Note, Blank Bank Bill of Exchange, x» Ba&ak Bank Poft 1	,	-	Bill,

 kjOOQle

.&D.]flo£.	49° GEO. l{t	0.s?,i4;ij^	44

JBill, of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland) knowing tlu Bank of the.fame to be forged or counterfeited, or fhall knowingly or wittifgly Ireland lhall b# have in his, her, or their Poflcffion or Cuftody, or in his, her, 6r their Dwelling Houfe, Out-houfe, Lodgings, or Apartments, any forged or counterfeited Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, or Bank Poft Bill, or Blank Bank Note, Blank Bank Bill of Exchange, or Blank Bank Poft Bill, of the faid Governor asd Company, knowing the fame to be. forged or counterfeited, without lawful Excufe, the Proof whereof (hall lie upon the Perfon accufed, every Perfon or Perfons fo offending, and being thereof convicted' according to Law, (hall be adjudged a Felon, and (hall be tranfported for the Term of Fourteen Years.

C A P. XIV.

An Act for repealing an Aft of the Parliament of Scotland, relative to Child Murder; and for making other Provifions in lieu thereof.	*	[20th	March	1809.]

1 \XT HEREAS by an Ad of the Parliament of Scotland, paffed in Scotch A<ft,

*	VV the fecond Seflion of the firft Parliament of King William and Sell*. 2. Pari. l.

‘ Queen Mary, intituled, Ad anent murthering of Children, it is enacSed, Guh & Mar,

‘ tnat if any Woman fhall conceal her being with Child during the rcfe4^*.

4 whole Space, and (hall not call for and make ufe of Help and Afjift#-‘ ance in the Birth, the Child being found dead or amiffing, the Mother

*	fhall be holden and reputed the Murtherer of her own Child : Apd

*	whereas the Punifhment of Death has been fouod too rigorous for 4 fuch an Offence: But neverthelefs it is expedient that it (houId be 4 repreffrd, and punifhed fuitable to its Quality and Degree : May it

*	therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enadedand be it cnaded by the King's molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com* mons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of

the fame, That from and after the palling of this Ad, the laid in ^ part recited Ad of the Parliament of Scotland fhall be and the fame . is hereby repealed.	•	r

II. And be it further enaded, That if, from and after the palling W<5w*en hrSH#-of this Ad, any Woman in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, touching fhall conceal her being with Child during the whole Period of her Pregnancy, and fh^ll not call for and make ufe of Help or Affiftance Lrifoned Two^-i in the Birth, and if the Child be found dead or be amifTing, the Mother Years, being lawfully convtded thereof, fhall be imprifoned for a Period nQt exceeding Two Years, in fuch Common Gaol or Prifon as the Court before which fhe is tried fhall dired and appoint.	f

CAP. XV.

An A&t to indemnify fuch Perfons -in the. United JCipgdlaipupf have omitted to qualify themfelves for Offices and Employments* and for extending the Times limited for thofePur-pofes refpedivelyi until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One ' thoufand eight hundred and ten ; and to permit fach Perfoni in Great Britain as have omitted to' make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and ,;	0	*	Solicitors*



k	G	1516,17.	49#	GEO. lit	A.D.1809*

Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the Firft Day of Hilary Term One thoufand eight hundred and ten.

[20th March 1809.3

£&r 44 G. 3. c. 7. and Referenets there."]

CAP. XVI.

An Act to allow the Importation of Rum and other Spirits, from the Ifland 'of Bermuda into the Prorince of Lywer Canada without Payment of Duty, on the fame Terms and Conditions as fuch Importation may be made direftly from His Majefty's Sugar Colonies in the Wejl Indies.

[24th March 1809.]

4 TTTHEREAS it is expedient that s Commercial lotercourfe 4 W Ihould be encouraged between the Prorince of Lower Canada 4 and the Ifland of Bermudas and between the latter and His Majefty’i 4 Sugar Colonies in the Wejf Indies : And whereas certain Duties oh 4 Rum and other Spirits imported into Canada are impofed by an A A 4 of the Fourteenth Year of His prefent Maicfty’s Rei?n, intituled. IfG.s. e. IS. • An A8 to edablijb a Fund towards further defraying the Charges of

*	the Admimflration of JuJftee and Support of the Civil Government

*	within the Province of (Quebec in America ; which Duties are, under 4 certain Conditiors and Reftriftions, remitted by an Aft of the 4 Twenty-eighth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled,

SIC.3. c3t. 4 sin A8 to allow the Importation of Rum or other Spirits from His 4 Majejly's Colonies or Plantations in the Weft I: dies into the Province 4 of Quebec without Payment of Duty% under certain Conditions and Re*

*	ftriQums p Be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Adrice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thin prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this Aft, any Rum or other Spirits, being the Produce or Manufacture of any of His Mridly’s Sugar Colonies in the Wejl Indies, legally imoorted into the Ifland of Bermudaf may be legally imported into the Prorince of Lower Canada, and landed and admittrd to an Entry upon Payment of the fame Rate of Duty as if the fame had been imported direftly from any of His Majefty’s Sugar Colonies in the JVefl Inches, and under the Conditions and Reftriftions contained in the faid Aft, without Payment of Duty, in the fame Manner as if fuch Rum or other Spirits had been imported direftly from any of the laid Sugar Colonies.

Spirits of ths Predate of the Weft Indies imported into Bermuda msy be

Lower Canada,

cap. xvn.

An Act to authorize His Majefty, during the prefent War, to make Regulations refoefting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.	[24th March 1809.]

£&# 46 (7. 3. c. 30. to which this A8 is precifely Jimilar, except as to the Continuance of the A8; which by $ 3. is [as in the Title) during * the prefent War.]

$	CAP.

 v^-ooQle

€.18,19*

AD. 1809.

49* GEO. III. CAP. XVIII.

An AGt for continuing until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, feveral A£b for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo \ and until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, an A St of the Forty-fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, to permit the Exportation of Wool from the Britijb Plantations in America.	[24th March 1809.]

44	7 G. 2. e. 18. refpeding the Importation o£ Cochineal and Indigo, 44 (laft continued and amended by 46 G. 3. c. 29. § 12.) further coo* tinued till March 25, 1814. § 1.—46 G. 3. c. 17. refpeding the " Exportation of Wool continued till March 25, 1819. § 2.

49

CAP. XIX

An A£I for the Regulation of His Majefty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.	[24th	March	1809.]

*	XTTHEREAS it may be neccfiary, for the Safety of the United

*	VV Kingdom and the Defence of the Poffiffions of the Crows

* of Great Britain and Ireland\ that a Body of Royal Marine Forces	>

* fhould be employed in His Majefty’s Fleet and Naval Service,

*	Under the Diredion of the Lord High. Admiral or Commiffioncrs 4 for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United King*

4 dom of Great Britain and Ireland: And whereas the faid Royal 4 Marine Forces may frequently be quartered on Shore, where they 4 will not be fubjed to the Liws relating to the Government of Hi*

4 Majefty’s Forces by Sea ; yet neverthelefs it being reqnifite, for the 4 retaining of fnch Forces in their Duty, that an exadt Difcipline be 4 obfervedj and that Marines who (hall mutiny or ftir up Sedition, or 4 (hall defert His Majeity’s Service, be brought to a more exemplary,

4 and fpcedy Punifhment than the Law will allow;* Be it enaded by the King’s moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temooral, and Commons, in this

prefect Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, After March 95, from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand right 180®* hundred and nine, if any Perfon being entered or in Pay as an Officer of Royal Marines, or who is or (hall be lifted or in Pay as a Non- every Marina commiffioned Officer or Private Man, in any Divifion of Royal Marine* Officer, No®-* in His Majefty’s Service, and on the Twenty-fifth Day of March cnmmiffioaid One thoufand eight hundred and oine, (hall remain in fuch Service, or -during the Continuance of this Ad, (hall be voluntarily entered and	**

in Pay, as a Marine Officer or Private Man in His Majefty’* Service ; whodhatt* and being ordered or employed in fuch Service, at any Time during mutiny, &e. the Continuance of this Ad, on Shore in any Place within the,faid 04 wh° Kingdom, or in any other of His Majefty’s Dominions,, (hall begin, ‘driert, excite, caufe, or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in the Company to	^

which he doth or (hall belong, or in any other Company, Troop, or orffiaUbefbund Regiment, either of Marine or Land Forces, in His Majefty’s Service; deeping on, or or (hall not ufe his utmoft Endeavours.to fupprefs the fame, or coming flail dtfcrt his to the Knowledge of any fuch Mutiny, or iotended Mutiny, (hall not, without Delay, give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer 5 or (hail defert His Majefty’s Service, or being adutlly entered as a * lubefe.

Marine at (hall ftrika



4*

or difobcy hi* fuperior Officer; fhall fuffer Peath, or fuch Puniffiment u a Court martial {hall ioflift.

JCo Paymafter, &o. fhall make Peclu&ions out of Officers or Private Men’* Pay.

Exception*,

0.

Two Jnftiee*

may-ftwnmon Marines having Wift or Children to midie Oath oftheir'laft Settlements i	■

& .. /

fi.i*. ... .. iJ

c.ip.	49° GEO. Ill,	A.D.i8ojjf*

Marine in any Company, fhall lift himfclf in any other Company,

Troop, or Regiment, [or enter as a Seaman,] in His Majefty's Service, without firft having a Difcharge in Writing from the Officer commanding in Chief the Company in which he lift ferved as a Marine ; [in which Cafe he fhall be reputed a Dcfertcr;] or fhall be found fleepmg upon bis Poft ; or fhall leave it before relieved ; or (hall hold Correfpondence with any Rebel or Enemy of H>s Majefty, or give them Advice or Intelligence of any Kind, by any Ways or Means, or in any Manner whatfoever ; or fhall treat with fuch R bels or Enemies, or enter into anv Condition with them, without His Majelty’s Licence, or L’cence of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or Three or nu>re of the Commif-tioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the l ime bring; or (hall ftrike oi* ufe any Violence agrinlt his fuperior Officer b^ing in the Execution of his Office; or (hall difobey any lawful Command of his (uperior Officer; all and eveiy Perfon and Perfons fo offending in any or either of the Matters before mentioned, on Shore, in any Part of this Kingdom, or in any other of His Majefty’s Dominions, (hall fuffer Death, or fuch other Punifhment as by a Court-martial (hall be inffi&ed.

[The Words between Brackets in the foregoing Seftion are in addition to

the Words in former Mutiny Afts.“\

#< § 2 to 28, are the fame as in the A3 48 G. 3. c. 14.

XXIX. And be it further enaft-d, That from and after the Twenty, fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nine, no Pay-mafter, or other Officer or Perfon whatfoever, (hall receive any Fees, or make any Deductions whatfoever, out of the Pay of any Marine, either Officer or Private Man, in H*s Majetty’s Service, or from their Agents, which (hall grow due from and after the faid Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nine, other than the ufual Dedu&ior's for Clothing and Twelve-pence in the Pound to be difpofed of as His Majefty (hall think fit, and the One Day’s Pay of the Officers, now paid to the Paymafterof Widows Penfions, and fuch other neceffary Dedu&ions as (hall, from Time to Time, be dire&ed by the faid Lord High Admiral, or Three or more of the Commif-fioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, by Order in Writing under bis or their refpe&ive Hand or Hands.

§ 30 to 32, the fame as in the Aft 48 G» 3. c. 14.	§	33,	as to quar•

“ tering Marines in Ireland, is the fame as § 68 of the Army^ Mutiny “ Aft* 49 G. 3. c. 12.

XXXIV. And be it further ena&ed, That it (half and may be lawful for any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place, where any Non-commiffion Officer or Marine fhall be quartered in that Part of Great Britain called England* in cafe fuch Non-commiffion Officer or Private Marine have either Wife or Child or * Children, to be fummoned before them in the Town or Place where fuch Non-commiffion Officer or Marine (hall be quartered, in order to make Oath of the Place of their laft legal Settlement, (which Oath > the faid Juftices are hereby empowered to adminifter,) and fuch Non-? cammiflion Officers and Private Marines as aforefaid are hereby dire£ted -to obey fuch Summons, and to make Oath accordingly 5 and fuphj

Jufticei



Google

A.D.1809.	49®	GEO. Ill*	C.19W

Juftices are hereby required to give an attefted Copy of fuch Affidavit fo made before them to the Perfon making the fame, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer in order to be produced when	/'	r

required ; which altered Copy (hall be at any Time admitted in Evidence as to fuch laft legal Settlement before any of H19 Majefty'®	..	t

Juibees of the Peace or at any General or Quarter S.-ffion of the Peace: Provided always, that in cafe any Non-commiffion Officer or Private Marine (haft be again fnmmoned to make Oath as aforefaid, then on fuch attefted Copy of the Oath by him formerly taken being produced by him or bv any other Perfon on his Behalf, fuch Non-commiflDn Officer or Marine (hall not be obliged to take any other or further Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but (hall leave a Copy	«	‘	!

of fuch atteiled Copy of Examination if required.	:	-	:

“ § 55, as to providing Carriages, is the fame as § 58, 0/* 49 G. 3. c. 12.	,	'	/

“ § 36 to 48, are the fame as § 35 to 47, of 48 G, 3. c. 14.

XLIX. And he it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Per^ Penally fer fons (hall in any Part of His Majefty’s Dominions, direftly or indi- P«fua4ing redly, perfuade or procure any Marine in the Service of His Majefty, jg^^iool {His Heirs or Succeffors, to defert or leave fuch Service as aforefaid, &r 12 Months T every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending as aforefaid, and being bnprifoiuncnt.» thereof lawfully convicted, (hail for every fuch OfFence forfeit to and Pillory.

-His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors, or to any other Perfon or Perfons who (hall fue for the fame, the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if it (hall happen that any fuch Offender fo convifted as aforefaid, hath not any Goods and Chattels, Lands or Tenements* to the Value of One huodred Pounds to pay and fatisfy the fame, or if from the Cir-cumftances and Hcinoufnefs of the Crir.e, it (hall appear to the Coui£ before which the faid Conviftion (hall be made as aforefaid. that any fuch Forfeiture is not a efficient Puniftmvent for fuch Offence, it (hall be lawful for fuch Court to commit any fuch Offender to Prifon, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Twelve Months without Bail or Mainprize, and alfo to (land in the Pillory for the Space of One Hour in fomfe Market Town next adjoining to the Place where the Offence was committed, in open Market there, or in the Market T<>wn itfelf where the faid Off nee was committed.	[

L. And be it further enafted, That all Penalties by this A§ How fuch impofed for perfuading or procuring any Marine to defert, within that Penalty (hall b* Part of Great Britain called England\ may and (hall be fried for, and bp rccuverud* recoverable in any of His Majefty's Courts of Record at Wejlminjler, and for fuch like Offences as (hall "be committed in that Part of Greqt Britain called Scotland, (hall be fried for and recoverable in His Ma- ... /	.	v

jelly’s .Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and for fuch like Offences a®

(hall be committed in Ireland, (hall be fued for and recoverable in any

of His Majefty’s Courts of Record in Dublin; and for any fuqh.like	;

Offence* as (hall be committed in any of the Dominions of H'^s

Majefty, (hall and may be fued for and recoverable in any. Court of 1 ......

Record of His Majefty in the Place where the Offence (hall have been committed; and for fuch like Offences as (hall have been committed within the Ifland of Guernfey, the fame dial! be fued for and be recoverable in the Royal Court or Guernfey ; and for fuch Offences as (hall be committed within the Ifland of Jerfey, the fame (hall be fued for anfl be recoverable in the Royal Court of Jerfey; any-Thing contained in an Aft palRd in the Firft Year of King George the Firft to the con*.

Wary thereof in any wife not with Handing.	... :	t

%	LI.

 v^ooQle

FcmMm for OiiMM coot-■Mia b*id,&c. kovtobe fued

lor.

fMertwt

LI. And be it further ensued, That for fuch of the faid Offence* at (hall be committed within that Part of the United K*o rdom called Ireland* the Penalties herein ena&ed (hall be fued for, and be recover* able in any of His Majefty’* Courts of Record in Dublin; and for fucla of the fsid Offences a* (hall be committed wuhin the Ides of Alderney and Sark, the Penalties herein ena&ed (hall be fued for and be reco*~ verabie in the Royal Court of Guemfey; and for fuch of the (aid Offences as (hall be committed within the IOe of Man% the Penalties herein enacted (hall be fued for and be recoverable in any of the Courts of Record in the* faid Ifland, or in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVeflm'mJler.

LI I. And be it further ena&ed, That any Perfon who (hall voluntarily furrender or deliver himfelf up as a Drferter from H*s Majefty’* Royal Marine Forces, (hall be deemed to have been duly enlitted and to be a Marine, and (hall be liable to ferve in His Majefty’s Royal Marine Forces, whether fuch Perfon (hall have been ever a&ually enlitted as * Marine or not.

§ 53 to 60, are the fame as § 48 to 55, of 4S G .3. c. 14.

Foibi teeming LXI. And be it further ens&ed, That i* any Perfon or Pcrfons edBiiagMoeey. Hiall receive the enlifting Money from any Officer (knowing it to be Inch) and (hall abfeond or refufe to go before fuch Juttice or Chief Magiftrate, or if any Perfon having received any fuch enlilting Money as afore faid, (hall thereafter abfent himfelf from the recruiting Party with which he enlifted, or Perfon with whom he enliftcd, and (hall not voluntarily return to fuch recruiting Party or Perfon emitting him, to go before fome Juttice of the Peace or Magiftrate under the Provifions of this Act within fuch Period of Four Days as aforefaid, fuch Perfon (hall be deemed to be enlitted and a Marine in His Ma-jtfty’s Service as fully to all Intents and Purpofes as if he had been duly attefted, and may be apprehended and punifhed atf a Dcferter, or for being abfent without Leave under any Articles of War m^jUe for Punifhment of Mutiny and Dcrfertion, and it (hall not be neceffary for any recruiting Party or Perfon employed in enliftine, to give any Notice to any fuch Perfon, or to go after any fuch Perfon for the Purpofe of carrying fuch Perfon before any Juttice or Magittrate as aforefaid, nor (hall any fuch Perfon who (hall not have remained with, or who (hall not have returned to fuch recruiting Party or Perfon en-Ktting him as aforefaid be entitled to be' dffeharged or bt difeharged by any Juttice of the Peace or Magiftrate after the Expiration of fuch Four Days as aforefaid.

Apprentice*	LXI	I.	And be it further enafted,’ That if any Perfon duly bound

sJ^gtheOath a* an Apprentice (Hall cnlift as a Royal Marine in His Majefty’s Ser-vice, and (hall take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this A & r-kt»**'	annexed marked (A.), every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being

upCmJ i, thereof duly convi&ed, (hall be and is hereby declared to be fubjeA and liable to be imprifoned in any Gaol or Houfe of Correction and kept to hard Labour for Two Years, and may be iridiCtcd and punifhed for obtaining Money under falfe Pretences, and (hall after the Expi-ration of his Apprenticefhip be liable to ferve as a Marine ; and if oq the Expiration of hfs Apprenticefhip be (hall not deliver himfelf to fome Officer authorized to receive Recruits, may be taken as a De« ferter from His Majefty’s Royal Marine Forces..

M«tten churning LXIII. And be. it further .gna&cd, That no Matter (hall be Apprentices fhafl. entitled to claim any Apprentice who (hall, after the pafling of this take the Oath	J	rr	r	*

 LjOOQle

AD.	1809.	49®	GEO.	III.	0.19,90,91.	47

Ad, enlift at a Royal Marine in Hi# Majefty's Sendee, u niffs fuch awtioari in Apprentice fball have been bound to him in England for the full Term Schedul* (8.) of Seven Year*, and if in Ireland for the full Term of Five Year# at the *** kaft, and unlefs fac&Mafter (hall withm One Calendar Month after Inch Apprentice (bailShave abfconded or left hi# Service, go ^cfore fome Jufticc of the Peace or Magiftrate, and before fuch Jufticc of the Peace or Magiftrate take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Ad annexed marked (B.), and produce the Certificate of fuch Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate of his having taken fuch Oath, which Certificate fuch Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate is hereby required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, marked (C).	-I

44	Continuance of Ad in Great Britain 25 March 1809 to 25 March 44 1810 } in Ireland from 1 April 1809 to 1 April 1810. § 66.—The 14 Schedule# arc precisely fimilar to thofc in 48 G, 3. e. 24.

C A P. XX.

An Act to make perpetual feveral Laws relating to the En* couragement of the Silk Manufadures; to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds ufed for extrad* ing Oil, whenever the Prices of middling Brittjb Rape Seed ihall be above a certain Limit *, to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majefty’s Plantations in America j and for amending and making perpetual feveral Laws relating to the preventing the clandestine running of Goods, and the Danger of Infedion thereby 5 and to the allowing the Importation^ of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt free of Duty.

{24th March 1809.]

*	8 G. 1. c. 15. § r. a# to the Encouragement of the Silk Mai;u-** fadurct, (laft continued by 43 G. 3. c. 29. $ ro.) made perpetual.

44	§ 1.—34 G. 3. #• 2x7. for allowing the Itnponation pf Rape Seed,

44 &c. (hit continued by 44 G. 3. c. 35. f I.) made perpetual. § 2.—

44 cG. 2. c. 24. for encouraging the Growth of Coffee; except fuch 44 Part as relate# to Foreign Coffee ; (laft continued by 43 G. 3. e. 29.

44 (12.) made perpetual. ( 3 —-8 G. i c, l8. to prevent the clandeftiue 44 running of Goods, kc. (laft continued by 43 G. 3. c. 29. § 9.)

44 made perpetual; except fuch Parts as relate to Quarantine and 44 to the licenfing of Boats. § 4.—31 G. 3, c, 26. allowing the lm»

. 44 portation of Seal Skins, (laft continued by 44 G. 3. e. 35. $ 2.) made 41 perpetual. Not to affed the Duties of Cuftoms granted by

*	43 G-3-* 6p: 44G.3. r.53 : 45 G 3* **9: and 46 G.3. e.42.

44 ~(But Jee novt 49 G. 3. c. 98.)—§5.

CAP. XXI.

An Ad for granting Annuities to difeharge certain Exchequer . Bills.	[24th	March	1809,3

44 The Iotereft on Exchequer Bills under 47 G. 3. Jl. 2. c. 73 : 48 G. 3.

44 r. 7 : 48 G. 3. c. 97: and 48 G. 3. e. 114. which (lull be carried to 44 Exchequer Office before March 90, 1809, (hall be paid; and the 44 Holders (hall receive Cmificates-to the Bank entitling them at their 44 Option for every 200L either to 103/. 3/. in the Five per Ceatt,

m from

 UooQle

■ ■'re

&

- - ' ..A

Benefits of 45 G. 3. c. 57* extended to the Port of Falmouth > Jamaica.

Gci^-*4.0	4*9°	GEOJ	A.D.i8t9t

u/r6ns' 5 January 1809; or to 8i/. 8n in the TaSd Hire par Cento,,and V 26/. 5/. in the Four Cents, from 5	38099	provided th*

*? Amount of Exchequer Bills exchanged fhall not exceed Eight Mil*. ^ lions. § i ..

5	[v^er	48	<7.	c.	38.	an	0/* a Jfmi/ar Nature.]

1 j	*

cap. xxn.

An A& fpr ,allwing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into and from the .Port of : Falmouth i* the I Hand of Jamaica, [24th March 1809.3

*	TT7HEREAS by an Aft parted in the Forty-fifth Year of Hi* W prefent Majefty’s fteiffn, intituled, An ASto confolidate and

5	extendjthe^feveral JLaeus now in'force for allowing the Importation 4and Exportation . certain Goods and Merchandize into and from 4 certain Ports in the Weft Indies, a certain limited Trade is per-‘ mitted to be carried on ' zfT certain*PoTt8 in the Ifiand of Jamaica 4 i% Foffigtj VefTch of a particular Defcription : And whereas it is ♦‘deemed proper and exordient that fuch Trade fhould in tike Manner

*	bit permitted ?t ‘ the Port of Falmouth tn the faid Ifiand ;* Be it

*nafted by the King’s Tnbft Excellent-Majcfty. by and with the JAdtice and (3<pfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,- 'ih this, .prefont .Parliament aflembued, and by the Authority of ito far&e» TJtsh'froni at\d.after the .pa&og of this Ad all fuch Gopds $nd ^fommod^e^ ,p9 arc by , tipe faid Aft permitted to be imported into and exported from t^e P^rts .in the Ifland of Jamaica, .mentioned in the faid A&> pay be imported iptp and expomd from,the Port of Falmouth’in the.iaid Iflapd, in the fame Sort bf Vcflels, underthe flme Rules, Cpndfitjjms, ReguNtfdns,>ahd Reftri&ibns,' and fubjeft to-the li^Penalti^^d Forfcitures for the Breach thereof, as are deferibed, provided, and impofad fn the laid!Aft; refpeftiogf thf Importation and Exportationr dfcQoods and^Commoditics into and frqiu the Ports jterntionfdiinC the faicbAft.'	:t	*	'	—	: } •*

•	• • • * • 1	^	;	u	~

:	-	>	‘	CAP.	XXIII.	V	*	—	-	:	-	?	’*

An Act for further coptinuihg utitrl t{ie TWehty-fiftHTSay of Mc\rch,' One thoufajjd eight hundred and tehr an Aft*mad^ ifhp . T^jrty^-Tiinth Year, of "His jjrcfenjt Majeftv, for pro7 . Limiting fhe E^prtation/rom ajnd permitting the Importation 5* rtzxGrfat BritpiH. of Corn; and for yllowi#g the Impprtation \ of other Articles of Provifibnjwithout Payment of Duty4.

•	r *	>	-v	x-	-	?	r-	*	l\	*	£jqth	March	1809.3

44 39 G. 3. c. 8;. (laft contiiUi&Tby 46 G.'3.	19.^^.)*-furtherTUnl

“ tmurd to 23 March xS 10; . except as to the Exportation of Corn, 44 Grain, and Flour, to Ireland. * i v -

!* ' V ’ ■	::	C	A	F.	r	XXIV;"	i'	'■/	*

An Act for charging-with Duty Spent Wafh, re-diftllled in (> Great Britain. * V	\	.	£ 30th	180^^

^'■^TT^IEREAS-certain DjliBers in Gre*t >BrMfiin are Jn; the ih VV Pra^i^e of ^fermenting *nd re-diftiliing^Warti xoramonly t called iSpeakllyfi, tafte^ the fame	dWoffik 4h& SUU	?

.r... 4	*	6	*	whcrcaa



49

A.D. 1809.	49°	GEO. III.	0.24,25.

4whereas Doubts have arifen whether fuch Wafh fo re-fermer>ted is 4 chargeable as new Wort or Wafh: Now, for obviating all fuch ■

4 Doubts,' be it declared and enafted by the King’s mod Excellent Majelfy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common?, in this prefent Parliament afl'embled, and by the Authority of the lame, That all fuch Spent Walh which Spent Wadi fhall be fermented or re-fermented for the Purpofe of being diftilled fe-diftilled lhall into Spirits, (hall be deemed and taken to be New Worts or Walh j) to all Intents andPurpofcs whatfoever, and fhall alfo be chargeable and jWulatiliiTof charged with all the Duties to which Wort or Walh brewed or c*ifting A£s. made for extracting Spirits, are or may be liable ; and all fuch SpeDt Wafh which fhall be fo fermented or re-fermented as aforefaid, fhall alfo be, and is hereby declared to be ftibjeCt and liable to all and Angular the Rules, Regulations, Reltri&ions, and Provifions contained in any Adi or Adis of Parliament in force at and immediately before the palling of this A£t, relating to the Diltillation of Spirits.

C A P. XXV.

An A£l to permit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain from any Place whatever.

[30th March 1809.]

*	TTTHEREAS it is expedient to permit, for a limited Time,

4 VV Tobacco to be brought into Great Britain, from Countries 4 and Places from whence, under the Laws now in force, it cannot

*	legally be importedBe it therefore enadted by the King’s mod Excellent Majelly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and Unmanufa&u’-ed after the palling of this Adi, it fhall be lawful for any Perfon or Per- Tobcacomaybe fons to import into Great Britain, from any Port or Place whatever imported into in any Foreign Siahe, or from Malta or Gibraltar, any Sort of Unma- Great Britain nufa&ured Tobacco in any Britijh Ship or VelLl owned, navigated, and fjy^to the* regiilered according to Law, or in any Ship or Veflel belonging to any Ddtiespayable Country or State in Amity with His Majelty, navigated in any Man- on Britiih Planner whatever; and fuch Tobacco fhall be fubjedl and liable to fuch tation Tobacco, Duties of Cuftoras and Excife, and no other, as (hall be due and pay- M»dfliallon able on Tobacco of the Produce of the Brhifh Plantations ; and fuch

Tobacco fhall, on due Exportation, be entitled to fuch Drawbacks of Drawback*, the Duties of Cuiloms and Excife, as are paid and allowed on the Exportation of Tobacco of the Produce of the Britijh Plantations, any Law, Cultom, or Ufage, to the contra'y notwithltanding: Provided always, that all Tobacco imported by virtue of this Adt, fhall be entered and landed only in fuch Ports in Great Britain, where Tobacco is or may be allowed to be entered and landed; and that fuch Tobacco may in fuch Ports be lodged and fecured in Warehoufes approved of by the Cotnmiflionersof the Cuftoms in England and Scotland refpe&ively, under the Regulations of an Adi palled in the Twenty-ninth Year of His prefent Majelty’s Reign, intituled. An Aft fer 2g g. 3. c. 68. repealing the Duties on "Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof or of any other Act or Adis palled iince, relative to the-warehoufing of Tobacco.

49 Geo. III.	E	II.



Google

5°

Sucii Tobacco lhail lit* fuhjeft to ihe fame Hr^ulaiions as llririlh Plantation Tobacco.

l.bmjanufa&ured EaU Indian or South American Tobacco may l>e imjiorfed under Order in Council.

47 0. n. ft. 1. c. 24. (continued by 48 G.il. c. 20. § 3.)

C.25,26.	49°	GEO.	Ill*	A.D. 1809.

II.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That all Tobacco imported into or exported from Great Britain, by virtue and in purfuance of this Aft, (hall be and the fame is hereby made fubjeft and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Reftriftions. Penalties, and Forfeitures to which any Tobacco of the Growth of the Britifi Plantations is or may be fubjeft and liable to, by any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the palling of this Aft * and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture for any Offence whatever committed againft or in breach of any Aft or Afts of Parliament made for ftcimng the Revenues of Cultomsand Excife. or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the feveral Ciaufes, Powers, and Direftious therein contained, (hill and are hereby direfted and declared to extend to, and (hall be refpeftively applied, praftifed, and put in Execution, for and in refpeft of Tobacco imported into or exported from Great Britain, by virtue and in purfuance of this Aft, fo far as the fame are applicable thereto, in as full and ample a Manner to all Intents and Purpofes whatever, as if all and every the faid Ciaufes, Prov fions, Powers, Direftion?, Pain.*, Penalties, and Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this pre-fent Aft.

III.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful by Ordtr in Council to permit the Importation into Great Britain. as aforefaid, of nnmanuf; ftured Tobacco, being the Produce of the Eaft Indies. or of any of the Spani/h or Portuguefe Colonies or Plantations in South America, packed in any Sort of Packages whatfoever, upon fuch Condition* and under fuch Regulations and Re(iriftion9 as fhall be im-pofed and provided in any fuch Order, any Thing in any Aft or Afts to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

u Continuance of Aft 25 March 1811. $ 4.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for allowing until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, the Importation of certain Fifh from Parts of the Coa(i of His Majefty’s North American Colonies $ and for granting a Bounty thereon.

[30th March 1809.]

*	XTTHEREAS it 19 deemed reafonable and proper that the En-c VV couragement given to the Fifheries carried on from the Illaud

*	of Newfoundland, and Coaft of Labrador, by an Aft paflVd in the

*	Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled. An i A9 for allowing until the F'trjl Day of Auguft: One thoufand eight kun -‘ dred and eighty the Importation of certain Fifh from Newfoundland.

*	and the Coajl of Labrador, and for granting a Bounty thereon, which

*	has been continued by an Aft ot the Forty-eighth Year of His

*	prefent M^j fty, until thfc Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand

*	eight hundred and ten, (hould be extended to the Fifherjes carried k on by the Inhabitants of certain of His Majefty’s Colonics on the ‘ Continent of North America;* Be it enafted by the King’s m >(t Excellent Majrfly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Soiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the puffing of this Aft, any Salted or Pickled Salmon, or Salted Dry Cod



A*D. 1809.	490 GEO. Ill*	0.26,27*

Fifh, having been taken and cured at the Coaft of the Gulf of Saint Lawrence* the Coaft; of the Bay of Fundy, the Coaft of Cape Breton, or the Coaft of Prince Edward9s IJland by Briti/h Subjcfts, may be imported from any of the faid Places into this Kingdom, any Law, Cuftom, or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And be it further enabled, that upon the Importation of fuch Fifli into this Kingdom, and alio upon the Importation of fuch Fifh into the Iflands of Guernfey or ferfey, from any of the faid Coafts and Places, there (hail be allowed and paid the fame Bounty, and the fame Rules, Conditions, Regulations, and Reftriftions, fubjtft to the fame Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach thereof, (hall be applied to the Importation of fuch Fifh, the Payment of Bounty thereon, and the Exportation thereof, as is and are allowed, mad-, provided and impofed by the faid Aft, in the Cafe of fuch Fifh imported into this .Kingdom, and the Iflands of Guernfey and yerfey refpeftively, from the Ifland of Newfoundland and the Coaft of Labrador.

“ Continuance of Aft 25 Match 1810. § 3.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for eftablilhing Courts of Judicature in the Ifland of Newfoundland and the Iflands adjacent; and for re-annexing Part of the Coaft of Labrador and the Iflands lying on the faid Coaft to the Government of Newfoundland.

[30th March 1809.]

‘ TTTHEREAS an Aft was made in the Thirty-third Year of the

*	VV Reign of His prefent Majelly, intituled, An Act for efablifh•

*	ing Courts of Judicature in the IJland of Newfoundland and the IJlands 4 adjacent; which, by feveral fubfequent Afts, has been continued until

*	the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and

*	nine: And whereas it is expedient that the Provifions of the faid Aft 4 fhould be amended, and the like Courts of Judicature as were thereby

*	inflituted, be eftablifhed and made perpetualBe it therefore enafted by the King's rood Excellent M»jefty, by and with the Advice ahd Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflcmbled, and by the Authority of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful for His Majefty, by his Commifiion under the Great Seal, to inftitute a Court of Criminal and Civil Jurifdiftion, to be called 44 The Supreme Court of Judicature of the Ifland of Newfoundland*99 with full Power and Authority to hold Plea of all Crimes and Mifdemeanors committed within the Ifland of Newfoundland, on the Iflands of Saint Pierre and Miquelon, and on the Iflands and Seas to which Ships or Vefftis repair from the Ifland of Newfoundland for carrying on the Fifhery, and on the Banks of Newfoundland, in the fame Manner as Plea is holden of fuch Crimes and Mifdemeanors in that Part of Great Britain called Englandt and alfo with full Power and Authority to hold Plea in a fummary Way of all Suits, and Com. plaints of a Civil Nature arifmg within the Ifland of Newfoundland\ on the Iflands of Saint Pierre and Miquelon, and on the Iflands and Seas aforefaid, and on the Banks of Newfoundland, and in Great Britain or Ireland; which Court (hall determine fuch Suits and Complaints of a Civil Nature according to the Law of England, a3 far as the fame can be applied to Suits and Complaints ariflng in the Iflands

E 2	and

5X

Salted Sal mom or Cod cured at St. Lawrence, &c. by Britiih Subja&s miy be imported.

Bounties (hall be paid on Importation of fuch Fifh, as o* Fifh from Newf< undland.

33 G. 3. e. 7** (laft continued by 46 G. 3. c. 29. § 1.)

His Majefty, by Commifiion under the Great Seal, may inftitute a Court of Criminal and Civil Jurifdi&ioa at Newfoundland,



54	C.27*

49° GEO. III.	A.D.	1809.

The Governor,

with Advice of Chief Jultice, may inftitute Surrogate Courts, &c-

Mode of Proceedings in fuch Courts.

and Place* aforefaid ; and the faid Court (hall be a Court of Record, and fhall be holden by a Chief Juftice to be appointed by His Majefty, who fhall have full Power and Authority to inquire of, hear, and determine all Crimes and Mifdemeanors, Suits and Complaints cognizable in the faid Court, and fuch Court (hall have fuch Clerks and Minifterial Officers as the Chief Juftice Hv-dl think proper to appoint; and fuch Salary fhall be paid to the faid Chief Juftice as His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, (hall aoprovc and direft, ard fuch Salaries be paid to the Clerks and Minifterial Officers aforefaid as fhall be approved by the Chief Juftice, with the Confent of the Governor of the Ifland of Newfoundland; which feveral Salaries fhall refpcA-ively be in lieu of all other Profits and Emoluments whatfotver.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the Governor of the Ifland of Newfoundland from Time to Time to inftitute Courts of Civil Jurifdifction, to be called ‘ Surrogate Courts%* in different Parts of the Ifland of Newfoundland and the 1 Hands aforefaid, is Occafion fhall require, with full Power and Authority to hear and determine, in the like fummary Way, all Suits and Complaints of a Civil Nature arifing within the Ifland of Newfoundland, and on the Ifland8 of Saint Pierre and Miquelon, and on the Ida no! 8 and Seas aforefaid, and on the Banks ot Newfoundland, and in Great Britain or Ireland; which Courts fhall refpe&ively be Courts of Record, and (hall determine according to the Law of England, as far as the fame can be applied to Suits and Complaints arifing in the Iflands and Places aforefaid ; and the faid Courts refpe&iveiy fhall be holden by a Surrogate to be appointed from Time to Time by the Governor of the faid Ifland, and fhall have full Power and Authority to hear and determine all Suits and Complaints cognizable in the faid Court; ard the faid Court (hail have fuch Clerks and Minifterial Officers, with fuch Salaries a9 the Governor fhall appoint, which Salaries fhall be in lieu of ali Profits and Emoluments whatever.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Supreme Courts and Surrogate Courts refpe&ively, when any Suit or-Complaint fhall be depending therein, to caufe to appear from Day to Day all Perfons intertfted in the Matter in Difpute, and to examine upon Oath fuch of them as it fhall be deemed proper for better difeover-ing the Truth, and thereupon, and after due Cor.fickration of all Cir-cuinftances, to make fuch Order, Judgment, or Decree therein, and award fuch Damages and Cofts as the Cafe fhall require; and that in all Cafes where the Caufe of any Suit or Complaint fhall not exceed Five Pounds, the Party who is to anfwer fuch Suit or Complaint fhall be made to appear in Court by Summons ; and in all Cafes where fuch Summons (hall be difobeyed, or where the Cuife of any Suit or Complaint fhall exceed Five Pounds, and fhall be fworn to in an Affidavit made by the Plaintiff, then that the Party who is to anfwer fuch Suit or Complaint may be caufed to appear, by Attachment of his or her Goods, Debts, or Effcds, or by Arreft of the Ptrfon, and that the Execution of any Order, Judgment, or Decree may be enforced by Attachment of the Goods, Debts, or Credits of the Party, or by Arreft of the Perfon againft whom fuch Order, Judgment, or Decree fhall be made ; and that it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Chief Juftice and Surrogates refpe&ively to authotize fome Perfon in his or their Abfence relpe&ivtiy to lfTue Procefs, and do all Afts appertaining to the faid Supreme Court and Surrogate Courts refpe&ively,

*	fa?«

Digitized jDy LjOOQle

S3

C.

27.

fave and except the inquiring of, hearing, and determining of any Crime or Mifdemeanor, or any Suit or Complaint of a Civil Nature.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That where the Caufe of A&ion Mode of Trial fhall exceed the Sum of Forty Shillings, and it (hail be prayed by the of A6»n above Plaintiff or Defendant in fuch Suit or Complaint that a Jury may be t ^ ^ury,or fummoned to try fuch Aftion, it fhall be lawful for the faid Chief jU(jL°rSl° * Juftice and Surrogates refpeftively, and he and they are hereby refpc&-

ively required to caufe Twenty-four Perfons to be fummoned, of whom Twelve fhall be a Jury for the Trial of fuch A&ion, and to proceed therein according to Law: Provided always, that if a Number of Jurors fufficient for the Trial of fuch A&ion, having been duly fummoned, fhall not appear to be fworn, it fhall and may be lawful for the Governor of the faid Ifland to nominate and appoint Two proper Perfons to be AfTeffors to the faid Chief Juftice, and for each Surrogate in his Court in like Manner to nominate and appoint Two proper Perfons to be his AfTeffors ; which AfTeffors, together with the faid Chief Juftice or Surrogates refpedlivtly, fhall proceed to the Trial of fuch A&ion in like Manner as if fuch Jury had not been prayed.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That upon any Decree or Judgment Appals from die given in a Surrogate Court, for any Sum exceeding Forty Pounds, it Surrogate Court . fhall be lawful for the Party againft whom fuch Decree or Judgment. Court in Aftions fhall be given to appeal therefrom to the Supreme Court, having ftrft above 401. and given Notice of fuch Intention, and having entered into a Security from the

to the Surrogate in double the Sum for which fuch Judgment or Supreme Court Decree was given or made, within Two Days after making or giving Jo the Privy fuch Judgment or Decree, for duly profecuting fuch Appeal; and Addons exceed-upon any Decree or Judgment given in the Supreme Court for any -m(r 100j%

Sum exceeding One hundred Pounds, it fhall be lawful for the Party *

againft whom fuch Decree or Judgment fhall be given or made to appeal

therefrom to His Majefty in Council, having firft given Notice of fuch

Intention, and having entered into Security, to be approved by the

Chief Juftice, in double the Sum for which fuch Judgment or Decree

was given or made within Two Days after the giving or making of

fuch Judgment or Decree, for duly profecuting fuch Appeal; and

in all Cafes of Appeal, as foon as Notice fhall be given and Security

entered into as aforefaid, Execution fhall be ftayed, but not otherwife.	*

VI.	4 And Whereas it will greatly contribute to the Advancement

*	of the Trade and Fifhervof Newfoundland, if fuch Effetls as Perfons

*	becoming infolvent in the faid IHand of Newfoundland and the Iflands

*	aforefaid were poffeffcd of or entitled unto within the faid Ifland, or 4 in the Iflands or Seas aforefaid. or on the Banks of Newfoundland,

*	fhould be divided among their Creditors with more Equality than hath

4 hitherto been pra&ifed Be it further ena&ed, That as often as the When Goods Goods, Debts, and Credits of any Ptrfon fhall be attached, and it are attached, and fhall be made appear to the Court out of which the Procefs of Attach-ment hath iffued, that the Goods, D;bts. and Credits fo attached are	*the

not fufjeient to pay Twenty Shillings in the Pound to all thofe who Court (hall order fhall be Creditors by reafon of Debts contracted within the Ifland of his Eifie&s to be Newfoundland, and on the Iflands and S:as aforefaid, or on the Banks cohered and of Newfoundland^ or in Great Britain and Ireland, it fhall be lawful for vhftnbutcd. fuch Court to fummon the Party whole Goods, Debts, and Credits are fo attached, together with the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs who have fued eut any Attachment, and alfo fuch Perfons who are known to be Creditors as aforefeid of the Defendant, to appear in Court at a certsia

£3	Djy*



C. 27.

490 GEO. III.

A.D.1S09.

IMfirlVtion of I ffe&s of infolvent Parties,

Certificate of the Court fhall be a Ear to Suits for Debts prior to Infolvencv.

dfcef Juftict may grant Probates and Adminiftrations.

S3 G. 3. e. 76. continued until the opening of the Supreme Court.

Day ; and if upon a doc Examination of the Defendant and the faid Creditors, it (hall appear that he or {he is infolvent, the Court (hall declare him or her infolvent accordingly* and (hall immediately proceed to take order for difeovering, collefting, and fe'ling the Effects and Debts of fuch Perfon, and diftributing the Produce thereof rateably amongII all the faid Creditors of fuch Perfon fo declared info'.vent* and for that Purpofe (hall authorize any One or more Creditors of the faid Defendant, who (hall be chofen by the majoi Part in Value of fuch Creditors, whofe Debts amount refpt&ively to the Sum of Ten Pounds and upwards, to perform the fame ; and that fuch Court (hall from Time to Time make fuch Order therein as fhall he deemed proper for better difeoverin^, colle&irii:, and felling the Ertc&s and Debts, and making a rateable Diftribution thereof among the faid Creditors.

VII.	And be it further ena&rd, That in the Diflribution to be made of the Jiftate and Effect* of fuch Perfon fo declared infolvent, every Fifherman and Seaman employed in the Fifhery, who (hall be z Cre-ditor for Wages become due in the then current Seafon, (hall firft. be paid Twenty Shillings in the Pound fo far as the Efle&« will go; and in the next Place every Perfon who (hall be a Creditor for Supplies furnifhed in the current Seafon (hall be paid Twenty Shillings in the Pound ; and in the next Place every Perfon who (hall have become a Creditor within Two Years (hall be paid Twenty Shillings in the Pound ; and laftly, all other Creditors (hall be paid equally as far as the Effe&s will go.

VIII.	And be it further ena6led, That if fuch infolvent Perfon fhall make a true Difclofure and Difcovery of all his or her Goods and Effe£U whatfoever, and fhall conform him or herfclf to the Order and Dire&ion of the faid Court, the fame fhall and may (with the Confent of One-half in Number and Value of his or her Creditors) be certified by the faid Court, and fuch Certificate, when pleaded, fhall be a Bar to all Suits and Complaints for Debts contra&ed within the Ifland of Newfoundland, and on the Iflanda and Seas aforefaid, and on the Banks ol Newfoundland, and in Great Britain or Ireland, prior to the Time when he or fhe was declared info’vent.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Chief Juftice, or any Perfon or Perfons appointed by him for that Purpofe under his Hand and Seal, (hall have Power to grant Adminiftration of the Effe&s of Inteftatts, and the Probate of Wills, and that the Effefts of deceafed Perfons (hall not be admiuiftered within the Ifland of Newfoundland\ or on the Iflandsand Seas afprefaid, or on the Banks of Newfoundland* unlefs Adminiftration thereof, or Probate of Wills refptfting the fame, fhall have been duly granted by fuch Authority as aforefaid.

X.	And be it further epa&ed, That an A& parted in the Thirty-third Year of His prefent MajeftyV Reign, intituled, An All for eftabiyhing Courts of Judicature in the Ifland of Newfoundland, and the Iflands adjacent, which has by ftveral fubfequent Acls been continued to the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nine, fhall be and continue in Force until the opening of the Supreme Court inftituted by virtue of this A&, and no longer ; and every Suit or Complaint which fhall at that Time be depending in the faid Court of Civil Jurifdi&ion fhall and may be proceeded upon in the faid Supreme Court, in the fame Manner as any Suit cr Complaint qriginally commenced in the faid Supreme Court.

XI.

 <^.ooQLe

/

C.2

55

XI.	And be it further enafted. That it {ball not he lawful for any No Courts (hall Court in the I (land of Newfoundland\ or Iflands aforefaid (except the hold Ptas except Supreme Court and the Surrogate Courts appointed by virtue of this ^liv,fioui Ad) to hold Plea of any Suit or Complaint of a Civil Nature, any oi CT* Law, Cuftom, or Ufaee to the contrary not with (lauding: Provided .nevertheless, that the Court of Vice-Admiralty having Jurifdiction

in the faid Ifland, (hall and may ho d Plea of Maritime Cauies (except oniy the Wages of Seamen and Fifhermen, which are to be heard and determined in Manner hercin-after direded,) and Cdufes of the Revenue, as heretofore pradifed and ufed : Provided a’.fo, that all Difputes which (hall arife concerning the Wages of any Seaman or Fifhercnan, and all Offences which (hall be committed by any Hirer or Employer of fuch Seaman or Fifher nan, againft this or any other Ad relating to the Illand of Newfoundland, or the Iflands and Seas afote-faid, or the Filhery thereof, and ail Difputes concerning Seamen or Fifhermen wilfully abfenting thernfelves f'om their Duty or Employ, without the Leave or Confent cf their Hirer or Employer, or wilfully negleding or refuting to work, (hall and may be heard and determined, and the Penalties arid Forfeiiures thereby incurred (hall and may be recovered in the Court of Seflion, or before any Two Juftices of the Peace.

XII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That it (hall be Suits for DeU* lawful for the Court of Scflion in a fummary Way to hear and detfcr- 40* maj mine all Suits for the Payment of Debt3 not exceeding Forty Shillings, tCourt of^ and not contraded more than One Year before the Commencement of Seffion. fuch Suits refpedively ; and it (hall be lawful for the Court of Seffion,

or fuch Two Juftices rtlptdively, to award Cofts therein ; and fuch Determination and Award (hall be final, and (hall be carried into Execution by Attachment and Sale of the Goods and EfFeds of the Party againlt whom the Determination was made.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the Chief Juftice faid Chief Juftice to fettle fuch Forms of Procefs, and fuch Rules of fhallfettleFom\^ Pradice and Proceeding, for the Condud of all Pleas, Suits, and Complaints, and for the Difpatch of the Bufinefs of the faid Supreme f

Court and Surrogate Courts, and of the Bufinefs in the Courts of Scflion, or before any One or more Juftices of the Peace refpedively,	v

and to appoint fuch reafonable Fees to be taken for the Condud and Difpatch of Pleas, Suits, Complaints and other Bufinefs as aforefaid, and for the granting Adminiftration of the Eflfeds of Intcftates, and for the Probate of Wills, as (hall feem neceflary and proper for expediting Matters with the moft Convenience and lcaft Expence to the Parties concerned therein ; and fuch Procefs and Rules of Pradice and Proceeding (hall be followed and obeyed, and fuch Fees (hall be paid accordingly, and no other, and that all fuch Fees received in any Surrogate Court (hail be paid and accounted for by the Surrogate in the faid Supreme Court; and that it (hall be lawful for the faid Chief Juftice, and he is hereby required to fettle and limit what Fees and Poundage (hall be taken by the Sheriff of Newfoundland, and the fame (hall be taken, and none other; provided, that no fuch Fees for the Difpatch of Pleas, Suits, and Complaints, or other Bufinefs as aforefaid, or for granting Adminiftration or Probate of Wills, and no Fees or Poundage to be taken by the Sheriff, (hall be taken until the Rate and Table of every Fee or Poundagefo to be taken (hall have been approved

E 4	by

 C^ooQle

5<5	C. 17. 49° GEO. III. A.D.	1S09;

Part of the Cop.ft of Labrador and the Iflanrls King on the laid C'oeit re-annexed to ilie rjo\ eminent ot Newfoundland.

31 C. 3. e. 31.

Supreme Court frail hold Fleas arifing within fuch Farts.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

by the Governor of the faid Ifland of Newfoundland, and fuch Approbation fignifled under his Hand and Seal.

XIV.	■* And Whereas his Majefty by Hie Proclamation of the 1 Seventh Day of Odober One thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three,

*	was pleafed to declare that be had put the Coaft of Labrador from 4 the River Saint John to Hudfods Streights, with the Iflands of Anti-‘ cojit and Madelaine, and all other fmaller Iflands lying on the faid Coaft,

*	under the Care and Infpection of the Governor of Newfoundland:

*	And Whereas by an Ad paffed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign 4 of His prefent Majt fty, intituled. An Ad for making more effectual 4 Provifon for the Government cf the Province of Quebec in North 4 America, all fuch Territories, Iflands and Countries, as fince the

*	Tenth Day of February One thoufand feven hundred and fixty-three

*	had been made Part of the Government of Newfoundland, were, during 4 His Majefty’s Pleafure, annexed to and made Part of the Province 4 of Quebec, as created by the faid Proclamation : And Whereas in 4 purfuance of an Aft paffed in the Thirty-firft Year of His prefent 4 Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An Ad to Reteal certain Parts of an 4 Ad, paffed in the Fourteenth Tear of His Majejly’s Reign, intituled,

4 ‘ An Ad for making more cjfedual.Provifon for the Government of the 4 Province of Quebec, in North America/ and to make further Provifion 4 for the Government of the faid Province. the faid Province of Quebec ♦.was divided into Two Frovinces of Upper and Lower Canada, the

*	latter including the Parts of the Coaft of Lalrador and the faid 1 Iflands fo formerly annexed to the Government of Newfoundland:

*	And Whereas it is expedient that the faid Coaft of Labrador, and the ‘adjacent Iflands (except the Iflands ot Madelaine) fhould be re-4 annexed to the Government of Newfoundland;* Be it therefore enafted, That fuch Parts of the Coaft of Labrador from the River Saint John to Hudfods Streights, and the faid Ifland of Ant’icof i, and all other fmaller Iflands fo annexed to the Government of Newfound-land by the faid Proclamation of the Seventh Day of Odober One thoufand feven hundred and flxty three, (except the faid Iflands of Madelaine,) fhall be feparated from the faid Government of Lower Canada, and be again re-anntxcd to the Government of Newfoundland; any Thing in the faid Aft paffed in the Thirty-firft Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, or any other Aft, to tHe contrary notwithftanding.

XV.	And be it further enafted, Tnat it (hall be lawful for the faid Supreme Court of Judicature of the Ifland of Newfoundland to hold Plea of all Crimes and Mifdemeanors committed, and of all Suits and Complaints of a Civil Nature ariflng within fuch Parts of the Coaft of Labrador from the River Saint John to Hudfods Streights, and the faid Ifland of Anticofi. and all other fmaller Iflands lo reannexed to the Government of Newfoundland\ or on the Iflands, Seas, and Harbours, to which Ships and Veffeis repair from the Parts of the Coaft of Labrador and the Ifland and Iflands fo re-anntxed to the Government of Newfoundland for carrying on the Fifhery, in the fame Manner as the laid Supreme Court holds Plea of Crimes and Mifdemeanors committed, an i of Suit9 and Complaints of a Civil Nature arifing within the Ifland of Newfoundland, and on the Iflands and Seas aforefaid, and on the Banks of Newfoundland.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures impofed by any Aft of Parliament made, or which fhall

4	hereafter

 C^ooQle

57

A.D.1809.'	49°	GEO.	III.	C.27,28.

hereafter be made, relating to tbe Illand of Newfoundland, or the Filhery thereof, may be recovered in a fummary Way in the faid Supreme Court, or in any Surrogate Court; and every Penalty and Forfeiture of the Sum of Ten Pounds or under may be recovered in the Court of Seflion, or before any One or more Judices of the Peace; and all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures impofed, paid, or levied in any Surrogate Court,or in any Court of Seflion, or before any One or more Juftices of the Peace, (hall be forthwith eftreated and paid into the faid Supreme Court by the Surrogate, or by the Juftice or Juftices of the Peace refpe&ively before whom they were recovered ; and it (hall be lawful for the faid Supreme Court to iffue Procefa for better compelling fuch Juftices and Surrogates to bring to account all Monies which ought to be fo paid and accounted for as aforcfaid; and all Money arifing from fucfy Fees, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures (hall be applied and appropriated towards defraying the Expence of carrying this A€l into Execution.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any A&iqn or Suit fhall be brought or commenced againft any Perfon for any Thing done in purfuance of this Adi, fuch A&ion or Suit (hail be commenced within Six Months next after the Matter or Thing done; and the Defendant in fuch Suit or A&ion may plead the General Iffue, and give this Adi and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon 5 and if a Verdidl (hall pa(s for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff (hall, be nonfuited or difeontinue bis Adlion after the Defendant has appeared, or if Judgment (hall be given upon any Verd»dl or Demurrer againft the Plaintiff, the Defendant (hall recover Treble Coft6, and have the like Remedy for the fame as Defendants have in other Cafes by Law.

CAP. XXVIII.

An A£t to enable the Clerks of the King’s Coroner and

*	Attorney in the Court of King’s Bench to be admitted as,

Attornies.	f3©th	March	1809.]

*	TYTHEREAS an Adi of Parliament paffed in the Second Year

*	W of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second,

4 intituled, An A cl for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors %

4 by which it was enadlcd, (among other Things,) That from and 4 after the Firft Day of December One thoufand ieven hundred and

*	thirty, no Perfon (hauld be permitted to adt as an Attorney in any of

*	H is Majefty’s Courts of Record therein-mentioned, unlefs fuch Perfon 4 ftiould have ferved as a Clerk for and during the Space of Five

*	Years to an Attorney, duly and legally fwotn and admitted, and

*	fhould have been thereupon examined, fworn, admitted, and inrolled ‘ in any of the faid Courts refpedtively : And Whereas by the faid 4 Adi, it was provided and enadled, That nothing therein contained 4 (hould extend, or be conllrued to extend to the Examination, Swear-

*	ing, Admiffi m, or Inrollment of the S:x Clerks of the Court of Chan-4 eery, or the Sworn C<erks in their Office or the waiting Clerks belong-4 ing to the faid Six Clerks, or the Curfitors of the faid Court, or of ‘ the Clerks of the Petty Bag Office, or of the Clerks of the King's

*	Coroner and Attorney in the Court of King's Bench, or of the

*	filazers of the fame Court, or of the Filazers of the Court of Common

* Pleas

Limitation of Actions fix. Months.

General Iffue.

Treble Colls*

2G.2.c.^

 CjOOQle

$8	-C.28,29*	49°	GEO.	III.	AD.iBdj.

Picas at Wejlminjier, or of the Attornies of the Court of the Duchy

*	Chamber of Lancafler, or of the Attornies of the Court of Exche-

*	quer at CheJIer, or of the Attornies of the Courts of the Lord Mayor

*	and Sheriffs of London refpeft ivcly for the Time being; but that the

*	fa?d Clerks, Fiiazers, and Attornies refpeftively, fhould and might 4 be examined, fworn, admitted, im oiled, and praftife in their r fpeftive

*	Courts and Offices afore laid, io like Manner as they might have

*	been, or done before the making of that Aft : And Whereas Objec-1 tions have b«cn made and allowed to th<* Title to Admiflion and 1 Inrolment as Attornies, by virtue and under the faid Aft of Parlia-4 ment, of Perfons in refpeft of their having ferved a Clerkfhip of Five

*	Years to fome of the Clerks to the King’s Coroner and Attorney

*	of the Court of Kind’s Bench, and having afterwards been admired

*	to praftife as Clerks of the faid Coroner and t Attorney :	And

*	Whereas it is expedient that Perfons havinvr ferved a Clerkfhip oF

*	Five Years to fome of the Clerks of the King’s Coroner and At-

* torney of the Court of King’s Bench, and having been afterwards

* admitted to praftife as Clerks of the (aid Cironer and Attorney, 4 fhould, in refpeft thereof, be entitled t<> be admitted and inrolled

*	Attornies:’ Be it therefore enafted. by the King’s moft Excellent Majeffy, by and with tht Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pr.-fent Parliament affembled,

Cleiki of Coro- and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid Clerks of the faid nrr and Attorney Coroner and Attorney of the Court of King’s Bench who have been re£ularly admitted, or who hereafter may be regularly admitted as maybe admitted	Clerks,	(hall and m3y be approved, fworn, and admitted to prac-

and praftife as	tifc, and may praftife as Attornies in the faid Court of King’s Bench,

Attornies.	and may alfo praftife in any other of the Courts of Record in the

faid recited Aft mentioned, in the Name, and with the Corfeni of fome fworn Attorney of fuch Court, fuch Confent to be in Writing, and figned by fuch Attorney as aforefaid, in like Manner as the At* tornies of fuch Court, or the Attornies or Clerks of the Offices of the King’s Remembrancer. Treafurtr’s Remembrancer, Pipe or Office of Pleas, in the Court of Exchequer at Wtjlminjlcr are, in and by the faid Aft empowered to do.

II.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Aft, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch, by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecialiy pleaded.

CAP. XXIX.

Public Aft.

An Aft: for the Appropriation of Twenty thoufand Pound* out of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland, towards the Encouragement of the faving of Flax Seed for fowing in Ireland

[28th April 1809. *

|c Ir'i/b Treafury empowered to pay to the Truffees of the Linen 41 and Hempen Manufaftures 20.00ol. out of Irijh Confolidated “ Fund. § 1. To be applied in Bounties for the Encouragement “ of faving of Fu»x Seed, the Growth of the prefent Year, under 44 Regulations to be made by the Tin frees. § 2. Bounties (hall be ii paid on Seed in PoffVflion of the Growers (their Executors, &c.) tl on iff January 1810: which fhall be certified to be found. §

“ Application of the Bounty (hail be accounted for before Commif-

44 lioners



A.D. 1809.	49*	GEO, Ilf.	C.29,3Q 3r>

ft fioners of Impveft Accounts, f 4. Penalty of Perjury on Perfons *4 taking falfe Oath. 1^5. Ad may be altered or repealed tlig M Seffijn. §6.

C A P. XXX.

An Ad to continue, until the Twenty-fifth pay of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, certain Ad$ for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for warehoufing in Ireland, Run> or Spirits of the Britijh Sugar Plantations. [zMi April 1809.]

€< 47 G. 3. Jl. 1. c. 19. (continued by 4S G. 3. c. 17.) further con-“ tinued till March 23, 1S10, excepta9 to warehoufing Britijh Plan-“ tation Sugar. $ 1.

II.	And be it further euaded, That from and after the palling of this Ad all Britijh Plantation Sugar which before the palling of this Ad, or at any Time after the paffing thereof, (hill have been or fhall be warehoufed in Ireland, fhall be fubjed and liable to the Rules, Regulations, and Provifions, contained in an Ad made in the laft Seflion of Parliament, intituled, An Act to permit certain Goods imported into Ireland to he warehoufed or fecured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being JirJl paid.

III.	And be it further enaded, That an Ad made in the Forty-firft Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to empower the Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits of the Britifh Sugar Plantations to land the fame in Ireland, before Payment of the Duties of Excife charged thereon, and to lodge the fame in IVarehoufes at their own Expence, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eighty and which, by an Ad of the lalb Sefiion of Parliament, was continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thonfand eight hundred and nine, fhall be and the fame is hereby further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten 2 Provided always, that Rum and Spirits lodged in any Warehoufe under the faid recited Ad of the Forty-firft Year aforefaid, fhall be permitted to remain therein for any Time not exceeding Fifteen Calendar Months, from the Time when the fame (hall have been or (hall be firft warehoufed, and (hall not be fold by the Commiflion*-rs of CufToms at any Time before the Expiration of fuch Fifteen Calendar Months, any Thing in the faid recited Ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

44 Ad may be altered or repealed this Scflion. §4.

CAP. XXXI.

An Ad to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, an Ad of the Forty-firft Year of His prefent Majefty, for prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland, and for permitting the Importation into Ireland\ Duty free,* of Corn and other Provifions. [28th April 1809.3

44 So much of 41 G. 3. (U. K,)c. 36. (laft continued by 48 G. 3.C. 27.) 41 as enables the Lord Lieutenant to prohibit the Exportation to and

** Importation

59

Sugar fhall be warehoufed in Ireland under Regulations of 48 G. 3.c. 32.

41 G. 3. (U.K. c. 94. (continue* by 48 Geo. 3. c. 17.) further co ltinued till March 2 5,1810.

Spirits warehoufed under recited A<ft may remain in Warehoufe fifteen Months.

 CjOOQle

6o

c.31,32.

49® GEO. Ill*

A.D. 1809-

4fl G. a. r. 2.

§ 19.

After March 25, 1809, there (hall be paid upon all Annuities, Penftons, &e. the Duties fet forth in tha Schedule.

Under the Com-wiffioners for Tames.

Duties fhall he levied under Regulations of the following A6ls, vis.

43 G. 3. c. 99.

43 G.3.C. 150,

u Importation from Ireland of Com and Provifions, further continued 41 to March 25, 18 ro, except fo far as refpefts the Exportation of “ Com, Grain, or Flour to Great Britain.

CAP. XXXII.

An A£t for continuing and making perpetual fevernl Duties of One Shilling and Sixpence, repealed by an Aft of the laft Seflion of Parliament, on Offices and Employments of Profit, and on Annuities, Penfions, and Stipends, and thereby granted for One Year to the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thou-fand eight hundred and nine.	[28th	April	1809-]

*	"VTTHEREAS certain Rates and Dutie3 were granted to His

*	VV Majefty for One Year, from the Twenty*fifth Day of March

*	One thoufand eight hundred and eight, by an Aft pafTed in the laft

*	Seflion of Parliament, intituled, An Aft far continuing to His Majefty 4 certain Duties on Malty Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain,

*	and on Penftons and Offices in England, and for repealing fo much of 4 certain Afts as relate to certain Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling 4 refpeftively, on Offices and Perfions, and for re-granting the faid Ditties 4 of Six-pence and One Shiliing refpeftively, and the faid other Duties for 4 the Service of the Tear One thoufand eight hundred and eight, and it is 4 expedient to continue the fame to His Majefty, His Heirs and 4 Succeffora forever:’ May it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted, and be it enafted by the Kmg’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nine, there fhall be affeffed, raifed, levied and paid unto and for the Ufe of His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, upon all Annuities, Peniions, Stipends and other Payments, Salaries, Fees, Wages, and Perquifites, as fet forth in the Schedule to tbis Aft annexed, the feveral Rates and Duties refpeft-ively inferted and contained therein ; which Schedule, and the Rates and Duties therein refpeftively contained, and the Rules and Exemptions therein refpeftively mentioned fhall be deemed and conftrued a Part of this Aft, as if the fame were feverally and refpeftively incorporated therewith, and under a fpecial Enaftment: and the Duties nereby granted and contained in the faid Schedule when paid collected, or dedufted, fhall be under the Care and Management of the Commif-fioners for the Affairs of Taxes for the Time being, appointed or to be appointed by His Majefty, His Heirs, or Succtflors.

II. And be it further enafted. That the faid Rates ar.d Duties fhall be affrffed, raifed, levied, paid and accounted for under the Provifions and Regulations of the feveral Afts hereinafter mentioned, videlicet; One Aft paffed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Act for confolidating certain of the Provifions contained in any Aft or Afts relating to the Duties under the Ma-> nagement of the Commijfioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the fame ; One other Aft paffed in the fame Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Act for confolidating certain of the Provi+ jions contained in any Aft or Afts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commffioticrs for the Affa*r* °f Taxes, and for amending the

faid

 (^.ooQle

6i

A.D.1809,	490	GEO.	III.	C.32.

faid Ads fo far as the fame relate to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland ; Two other Adis parted in the Forty.fifth Year of the Reign of His prefcnt Majcfty, One thereof intituled, An Ad for explaining 45 G. a.c. 5, and amending an Ad made in the Forty-third Tear of His prefent Majcjly for confolidating certain of the Provtfions contained in any Ad or Ads relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commtjfioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the fame, fo far as relates to the Power of ading as Commijfioners in certain Difirids; and the other thereof, intituled, An Ad to amend fo much of an Ad of the Forty-third 45 G. 3. c. 95. Year of His prefent Majejly, fir confolidating certain of the Provtfions of the Ads relating to the Duties in Scotland, under the Management of the Commifftoners for the Affairs of Taxes as relates to the Appointment of Ajfeffors and Sub Colledors, and the Notices required to be delivered to Perfons affffed to the faid Duties ; and One other Adi parted in the Fortyfixth Year of the Reign of His faid prefent Majefty, intituled,

An Ad for granting to His Majejly during the prefent War and until the 46 G. 3. c. 65.

Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of

Peacefurther additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, on the Rates

and Duties on Profits arifing from Property, Profeffions, Trades and

Offices, and for repealing an Ad paffed in the Forty fifth Tear of His

prefent Majfiy for repealing certain Parts of an Ad made in the Forty-

third Tear of His prefent Majejly for granting a Contribution on the Profits

arifing from Property, Profejfions, Trades and Offices, and to confolidate

and render more effedual the Provtfions for colleding the faid Duties ; and

one other Adi parted in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His

faid prefent Majefty, intituled, An Ad to amend the Ads relating to 45G.3.C. 141,

the Duties of Affeffed Taxes, and of the Tax upon the Profits of Property,

Profeffions, Trades and Offices, and to regulate the Affeffment and Colledion of the fame.

III.	And be it further enadied, That all and every the Perfons who Commlffionen, now are, or for the Time being fhall be Commirtioners for putting in Infpeaors, &c. exrcution the faid Adi parted in the Forty .fixth Year of the Reign of for executing His prefent Majeliy, in relation to the Duties granted by the faid Adi, ** **• 3* 5:

on the Profits arifing from Offices or Employment of Profit, and upon i^E^cution, °

Penfions or Stipends refpediively, fhall be Commirtioners for putting	'

in execution this A& and the Powers herein referred to or contained,

in the feveral Departments or Difiridis throughout the faid refpedlive

Parts of Great Britain; and the feveral Infpediors-General, Infpediors,

and Surveyors refpediively, and the feveral Clerks, Aflcflbrs and Col-

lediors refpediively appointed or to be appointed, to put in execution

the feveral Adis beforementioned, fhall be Infpedlors-General, Infpec-

tora. Surveyors, Clerk*, AfTeflore and Collediors to put in execution

this Adi within the Limits of their refpedlive Departments and Dif-

tritifc to which they are or fhall be refpediively appointed, and the faid

Commirtioners, Infpedtor3*General, Infpediors, Surveyors, AffefTors

and Collediors refpediively, are hereby empowered and required to do

all Things neetrtary for putting this Adi in execution with relation

to the faid Rates and Duties hereby granted, in the like, and in aa

full and ample a Manner as they or any of them are or is, or (hall be

authorized to put in execution the faid lad mentioned Adi.

IV.	And be it further enadied. That this Adi fhall be conftrued Tills A& (hall be in fuch Manner, and to the like Effedl in all Refpedis as if tfye Rates conitrued as if and Duties granted and mentioned in the Schedule hereto annexed die Duties vere contained in and granted by the faid Adi of the Forty-fixth Year typified in the

of

 C^ooQle

Schedule were granted by 46 G. 3. c. 65. and the Provifions contained in 4*5 and 49 G. 3. {ball be applied in Execution of tliis A&, &c.

Except as to Allowances on lucomes.

Duties {ball ba carried to the

Coni'ulidated

Fund.

C.32.	49°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1809.

of His prefent Majcfty ; and in the Execution of this Aft all and every the Provifmns contained in the faid Lveral Afts paffed in the Forty-third and Fortv-eighth Years of His prefent M-jefty, (hall be ut~d and applied in like Manner, and to the like Effcft as the fame Provifions mav be ufed or applied in the Execution of the faid Aft pa fled in the Forty-fixth Year aforefaid, but fubjeft neverthclefs to the levtrrai Rules and Exemptions in the Schedule to this Aft contained ; and ail and every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rule9, Direftions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters and Things contained in the faid lalt mentioned Aft, except where other Provifions are made in this Aft, or in the Schedule thereto annexed, (ball feverally and refpeftively in the Execution of this Aft be dulv obferved, praftifed, and put in ex cation throughout the refpeftive Parts of Great Britain in the faid feveml Afts mentioned, as fuily and eflVftuaHv to all Intents and Purpofrs as it the fame Powers. Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters, and Things were particularly and refpeftively repeated and le cnafted in the Body of this Aft, and (hall itverally, except as aforefaid, and alfo except as hereinafter is provided, be applied, conftrued, deemed and taken to brlong to this Aft in like Manner as if the fame had been enafted therein, and exprefsly applied to the Duties hereby granted : Provided always, that the Allowances to be granted from or out of the Affiff-ments to be made by virtue of the faid Aft palled in the Forty-fixth Year of His prtfent Majefly to Peifons in refoeft of their Incomes, fhall not be made, allowed or granted out of the Duties to be afteffed by virtue of this Aft.

V.	And be it further er.afted, That the Monies arifing from the Rates a :d Duties of One Shilling and Six.pence in the Pound ref-p.ft’v-ly impofrd on the feveral Matters and Things contained in the faid Schedule, (the nrceffitry Charges for raifing and accounting for the fame excepu-d), (hall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of His M jelly’s Exchequer at Wejlminjler, feparate and apart from each other, and from all other Rates and Duties, and (hall be earned to, and made Part of thux ConLlidated Fund of Great Britain.

“ Aft may be altered or repealed this Scffion. § 6.

The SCHEDULE referred to by the Aft of the Forty-ninth Year of His prelent Majefty’s Reign.

No. I.

For every Twenty Shillings or the Yearly Value or Amount of all Salaries, F es and P iquilites incident to, or received for or in refpeft of all Offices and Employments of Profit in Great Britain, granted bv or derived from the Crown, exceeding the Value of One h- n ’r. d P unds per Annum, which have been heretofore rated or afT ifed by virtue of any Aft tor granting art Aid to H;s Majefty by a L and Tax, and which fir.ee the Aft tor the Redemption of iuch Parc thereof as was charged on Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments,, h ve been rated or aflVfftd to the Tax on Offices or Employments of Pro hi, by virtt** of any Aft or Afts Lr continuing the faid laft it. ntioncd Tax for One Year, and fr» m Y-.ar to Year, over and above all other Duties already charged or payable, the Sum of One Shilling.

6	For



Google

A-D.i3o9.	49°	GEO.	IIL	C.32.

For every Twenty Shillings of all Penfions and other Gratuities payable out of anv Revenue belonging to His Majelly in Great Britain exceeding the Annual Value of One hundred Pounds per Annum, over and above all other Duties already charged or payable, the Sum of •	-	•	-	-	•	One	Shilling.

No. II.

For and upon (*) all Salaries, Fees, and Wages, payable for or * Evert/ 20s. of in refp^i^ of Offices of Profit granted by or derived from the Crown, which have heretofore been rated or afftfTcd in Manner aforefaid, and q Uq for and upon all Penfions and Annuities charged upon the Revenue of Great Britain, over and above all other Duties already charged or payable, the Sum of	Sixpence	*

EXEMPTIONS to the feveral Duties, as fet forth in the Schedules No. I. and II. before mentioned.

Any of the Royal Family.

Any Pcrfon on the Staff' of His Majefty’s Army ; any Commifiioned or Non-commifiioned Officer or Private in the Army, Artillery, Marines, or Corps ©f Engineers, or in the Militia or Volunteers, or in the Navy.

Auv Penfion or Gratuity which His Maj-ftv’s Royal PredecefTors, or H13 Majelly (hall have been, or His laid Majefty, His Heirs or S iccefTrs, fhall be, pltafed to declare in the Warrant, Order, or ether Inftriwnnt, directing Payment thereof to be intended as Charitable Donations.

Auy Office or Employment in any of the Univerfities in Great Britain,

In every Cafe when any Silary, Wages, Fees, Perquifites, Gratuities, or other Payments payable in rcfpeA of any Office or Employment of Profit, or any Annuity, Penfion, Sripend. or other Payment, (hall have been fpeciallv exempted from the Payment of Aids and Taxes by any Ad of Parliament.

In every Cafe, where any Salary, Stipend, or other Payment of, or i.i refoed of any Office or Employment, or any P pportion of fuch Salary, Stipend, or other Payment which fhall be payable to any Perfon in refptd of his having held any Office or Employment, or upon his Superannuation from fuch Office or Employment, fhall have been or fhall be dire&cd to be paid net or without Dedu&ion, by any Order of His Majelly in Council, or by anv Warrant under the Royal SiManual, or by any OrJer of the Commilfioners of His Majefly’s Treafury.

In tvery Cafe where the Charge or Charges of One Shilling and of Sixpence refpe&ively, or of either of them, or any Salary, Stipend, or other Payment aforefaid, fhall have been directed to be repaid or rc-tmburftd to the Party charged with the laid Duty of One Shilling and Sixpence refpedively out of the Publick Revenue, or out of the Contingent or Fee Fund or Incidents of any Department|of Office by like Order of His Mqrlty in Council, or by any Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, or by Order of the Commiffioners of Hi« Majcfty's Treafury*

Provided



Google

C.32.	49’ GEO. HI.	A.D. 1809.

Provided always, that the Authority for the Payment net or without Deduftion of any Salary, Stipend, or other Pavment aforefaid, and the Authority for the Re-payment out of the Publick Revet ue, or out of the Contingent or Fee Fund or Incidents of any Department of Office of any Charge made on any Salary, Stipend, or other Payment aforefaid, fhal be refpeftively cert’fied by fome principal Officer in the Department to which fuch Office or Employment belongs, or fuch Payment is made, to be fo paid net or without Deduftion, or to be repaid out of the laid Revenue.

RULES for charging the faid feveral and refpeftive Duties contained in Nc. I. and II. or either of them.

The faid Duties fhall extend to and be charged upon ail Payments whatfoever made or to be made to any Ptrfo* who fhall have been fuperannuated, or fhall have retired fmm any Office or Employment chargeable under this Aft, in like Manner and to the like Extent as fuch Payments would have been chargeable if fuch Perfon had continued to hold fuch Office or Employment, except fuch Offices or Employments of Profit as are exprcfsly exempted therefrom by this Aft.

The faid Duties fhall extend to all Payments out of any Contingent Fund or Fee Fund, or Incidents of any Department of Office, in like Manner as to any Payment out of the Publick Money, except as aforefaid.

The Profits of every fuch Office or Employment hereby chargeable with the faid Duty of One Shilling upon the Salaries, Fees, and Pcrquifites thereof, and the Profits of every fuch Office or Employment of Profit hereby chargeable with the faid Duty of Sixpence, upon the Salary, Fees, and Wages thereof, fhall feverally and ref-pcftively be computed, raifed, levied and paid according to the Annual Value at which fuch Profits refpeftively ftand valued and rated in the laft AfTcfTment to the faid Tax on Offices and Employments of Profit by fuch Annual Aft as aforefaid.

All Offices and Employments of Profit exceeding the Value of One hundred Pounds per Annum, and hereby charged with the faid Duty of One Shilling, for every Twenty Shillings thereof, fhall alfo be further chargeable with the faid Duty ot Sixpence for every Twenty Shillings thereof, according to the Provifions of thi3 Aft refpefting the faid Duty of Sixpence, and all Offices and Employments of Profit exceeding the faid Annual Value, and hereby charged with the faid Duty of Sixpence, fhall alfo be further chargeable with the faid Duty of One Shilling according to the Provifions of this Aft refpefting the faid Duty of One Shilling, and the Charge or Payment of either of the faid Duties in rtfpeft of fuch Office or Employment of Profit as laft aforefaid, fhad not be conftrued to exonerate any Perfon from the Charge or Payment of the other of them.

CAP*

 v^.ooQle

•JR..D. i8©9»

49° GEO. Iff.

C-33.34*

<S

cap. xxxiir.

An Act to grant an Excife Duty on Spirits made or diftilled from Sugar in Ireland, during the Prohibition of Diftillatjon from Corn or Grain there, in lieu of the Excife Duty now chargeable thereon ; and to allow a Drawback on the Export thereof to Foreign Parts.	[28th	April 1809.]

*	TTTHEREAS the Diftillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in 4 VV Ireland is prohibited by Law for a limited Time/ Be it therefore enafted by the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, during the Time in which the Diftillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Ireland (hall be fo prohibited, there (hall be raifed. levied, collefted, paid, and fatisfied unto, and to the Ufe of H is Majelty, His Heirs and Succeffors, for and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vitse, Strong Waters/ or Spirits, which at any Time or Times during fuch Prohibition (hall be made or diftilled in Ireland from Sugar, by any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, or for which any Diftiller (hall be chargeable by Law, the Sum of Two Shillings and Ten-pence Half-penny Britijh Currency and no more, in lieu of the Excife Duty of Five Shillings and Eleven-pence Half-penny Britijh Currency, granted on fuch Spirits by an Aft made in the latt Stfllin of Parliament, intituled. An AS to grant to His Majejly Duties upon Malt made in Ireland, and upon Spirits made or dijitlled in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof; and that for evrry Gallon of fuch Spirits which (hall have been diftilled during fuch Prohibition as aforefaid, and which (hall be exported from Ireland, to any Place except to Great Britain, and which (hall not be exported from Warehoufe in Irelandf there (hall be allowed and paid a Drawback of Five Shillings and Eight-pence, and no more.

Duty and Drawback (hall be levied and paid in Manner preferibed 41 by recited Aft. § 2.

III. And be it further enafted, That in lieu and inftead of any Charge on any Decreafe of Wa(h produced from Sugar under any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the Time of the palling of this Aft, the Officer of Excife keeping an Account of Waffi in the Diftillery of any Diftiller in Ireland (hall, on any Decreafe of Waffi produced from Sugar, charge the Diftiller for a Quantity of Spir ts calculated after the Rate of Eighteen Gallons and a Half of Spirits for every One hundred Gallons of Waffi fo decreafed, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity of Waffi.

Aft may be altered or repealed this Sefiion. §4.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to permit the Regiftry at Malta of Ships taken as Prize.

[28th April 1809.3

*	TTTHEREAS it is expedient, during fuch Time as the Ifland 4 VV of Malta (hall remain under the Britijh Government, to 4 permit the Regiftry in the faid Ifland of Ships and Veflels which are

*	condemned there as lawful Prize, and to extend to Ships and VtfleU

49 Geo. IIL	F	?

During the Prohibition of Difiliation from Corn, there (hail be levied, on Spirits diftilled from Sugar, 2s. 10-fd. Britifh per Gallon, in lieu of 5s. 1 1-Jd. under 48 G.3. c. 7$. and a Drawback of 5s. 8d. per Gallon iKa.il bo allowed on Exportation.

Cl large on Dillillers 18 J

Gallons of Spirit^

for every 100 Gallons of Sugar Waffi*

Google

66

Gemnor of Make, &c. may make Regiftry ef Veflels condemned there as Itize, and giant Certificates thereof under fach Regulations as Governors refiding in any Colony, &c. my do by 96 G.3. c. 60.

Powers of fuch Governors extended to Governor of Malta, &c.

t Such Regiftry as valid as if made In Great Britain.

Ships lo

regiftexed, otvncd by Natives of Malta, may be navigated aa Britifh Prize Ships to Great Britain, Sic. while Malta it under Bririlh Government.

,C. 34.	.49° GfiO. III.	.A.D.	i8o£.

‘ fo r^giftjred the fame Privileges »nd Advantages as are granted to • Prize Snips and Veffels regiftered in Great Britain Be it therefore enaded by the King’s moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prtfent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this Ad, it fhall be lawful for the Governor, Lieutenant-Governor, or Commander in Chief, or the Commiffioners exercifing the Civil Power in the faid Ifland, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, on Application being made to them or either of them for that Pnrpofe, to make Regiftry of any fuch Ship or Veffel, and to grant a Certificate of fuch Regiftry, in the fame Manner, and under the fame Rule?, Regulations, and Reftridions, as the Governor, Lieutenant-Governor, or Commander in Chief, refiding in any Colony, Plantation, Ifland, or Territory, belonging to His Majeftv, in AJtay Africa, or America, are by an Ad of the Twenty-fixth Year of His prefent Majtfty’s Reign, intituled. An A3 for the further Increafe of Shipping and Navigation, authorized to make Regiftry of the Ships and Veffela therein mentioned, and to grant Certificate of fuch Regiftrv.

II.	And be it further enaded, That all the Powers and Authorities in relation to any Arts, Matters, or Things that may be done by the Governor, Lieutenant-Governor, or Commander in Chief, in any fuch Colony, Plantation, Ifland, or Territory, under and in purfnance of the faid recited Ad, (hall and may be done and put in Execution, and fhall extend to the Governor, L/cutenant-Governor, and Commander in Chief, and the Commifiioner exercifing the Civil Power in the faid Ifland of Malta; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture, for any Offence whatever committed againft or in breach of the faid recited Ads, and every other Claufe, Matter, and Thing, therein contained, as to the Regiftry of Ships and Veffels, (hall, fo far aa the fame are applicable, extend and be deemed, conftrued, and taken to extend to Ships and Vtffels regiftered under and in purfuance of this Ad, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Pur-pofes, as if the faid Powers and Authorities, Pains, Penalties, Fines, Forfeitures, Provifion9, Claufes, Matters, ard Things, were repeated and re-enaded in this Ad, and were made Part thereof.

III.	And be it further enaded, That any fuch Ship or Veffel fo condemned as lawful Prize, and regiftered as aforefaid, being owned and navigated according to Law, (hall be entitled to the Privileges and Advantages of a Prize Ship or Veil'd io like Manner, as if condemned and regiftered in Great Britain, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That any fuch Ship or Veffel fo condemned as lawful Prize and regiftered as aforefaid, being owned wholly or in Part by any Petfon or Perfons not being Briti/h-bom Subjeds, but being Natives of and Refidents in the faid Iflaod, and being navigated by a Matter and Three-fourths of the Mariners either Britijh Subjeds or Natives of the faid Ifland, (hall, during the Time that the faid Ifland (hall remain under the Britijh Government, and for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after and no longer, be entitled to the Privileges and Advantages of a Prize Ship or Veffel, in like Manner as if condemned and regiftered in Great Britain, fo far as refpeds the dire d Trade between jthe faid Iflands of Great Britain and to and from the faid Ifland and any Place within the Streights, and in no other Trade whatfoever, any Thing ia any Ad or Ads tt>

1	the



Google

-A:D. 1809.	490 GEO. III.	0.34,35.

the contrary notwithftanding : Provided always, that in every Certificate of Regiftry which (hall be granted by virtue of this Ad, an Infertion (hall be made in the Front thereof, dating whether the Ship or Veffel fo regiftered is owned wholly or in part by Perfons who are Natives of and refident in the faid Ifland of Malta, or otherwise.

V. And be it further enaded, That the proper Officer or Officers by whom Certificates of Regiftry (hall have been granted by virtue of and in purfuance of this Ad, (hall forthwith, or within One Month at the furtheft, tranfmit to the Coromiffioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms in London, a true and exact Copy of every Certificate of Regiilry, with the Number thereof, which (hall have been fo granted.

CAP. XXXV.

An A& for the more convenient Payment of Penfions to Widows of Officers of the Navy.	[28th April 1809.]

* TTTHEREAS His late Majefty King George the Second was

* VV gracioufly pleafed, by Commiffion under the Privy Seal,

*	bearing Date the Thirtieth Day of Augvjl in the Sixth Year of His

*	Reign, to conftitute and appoint certain Perfons, and their Succcflors, 4 to be Commiffioners or Governors of the Charity for the Relief of

*	Poor Widows of Commiffion and Warrant Officers of the Royal

*	Navy : And whereas it would greatly tend to the Comfort and Ac-

*	commodation of the Widows of Commiffion and Warrant Officers

*	of the Royal Navy, entitled to Penfions from the faid Commiffioners

*	or Governors, if fuch Penfions were paid to the refpedive Widows

*	entitled thereto, in the Parities or Places of their Refidence, or as

*	near thereto as may be : May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that

*	it may be enaded aud be it enaded by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual a%d Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembltd, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and nine, it (hall be lawful for the Court of Aflillants of the faid Charity, to order and direct that ail fuch Penfions (hail be paid to the Widows entitled thereto, at or near to the Pariffies or Places of their Refidence, in any Part of His Majefty’s Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, by any Perfons appointed by them to pay the fame.

II.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Court of Affiftants to make fuch Orders, Rules, and Regulations, and from Time to Time to alter the fame in relation to the Payment of any fuch Penfions to any fuch Perfons fo entitled thereto as afore-faid; and alfo as to any Certificates, Vouchers, Receipts, or Orders for the better regulating, managing, and making fuch Payments, and to require fuch Proofs and Affidavits relating thereto, as may be requifite for the ordering and fecuring the Payment of fuch Penfions: Provided always, that every fuch Order or Regulation may, fre m Time to Time, be revoked or altered by any Warrant, Order, or Inftru&ioa under His Majefty’s Royal Sign Manual.

III.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and nine, if any Widow who (hall be entitled to receive any fuch Penfion, (hall be defirous to receive the fame from any Receiver-General of the Land Tax in iGreat Britain, Colic dor of the Cuftoms at any Port in Great

F a	Britain

*1

Copies of Certificates ofRegiftiy fhall be tranf-mitted to Board of Cuftoms im London.

Court of Affiftants of the Charity for the Relief of Widows of Officers of the Navy, may direct the Penfions to be paid fuch Widows at the Places of their Refidence, &c. Court of Affiftants may make fuch Regulations as to the Payment of fuch Penfions as they think proper, &C.

Widows may apply to have their Penfions paid by the Receiver-General of the Land Tax*



Google

68

or the Collector of the Cuftoms, or Excife, &c.

Court of Afliftants may order the Pay-m&fter to make out Two Duplicate Remittance Bills, payable to fuch VVidows by the Receiver General, &.c.

Form of Bill*.

One Duplicate frail be fent to the Widow and the other to the Receiver-0 cue-ral, See. who frail, on the Widow’s pro-' sUicing the

C.35.	498	GEO.	IH;	A.D.i8o<Ji

Britain	or Ireland,	Collector of the Excite for any Colle&ion in Great

Britain or Ireland, or Clerk of the Checque at any Dock Yard in Great Britain near to the Place of her Refidence, it (hall be in the Power of fuch Widow fo entitled to apply before the Time of ifTuing fuch Pen-fions by Letter to the Secretary to the Court of Affiltanu at the Admiralty Office, to have fuch Penfion paid by fuch Receiver-General of the Land Tax, Colledor of the Cuftoms, Colledor of the Excife, or Clerk of the Checque; and (hall, at the fame Time, tranfmit fuch Vouchers and Documents as (hall be required by the faid Court of Affiftants.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Court of Affiftants on being fatisfifd of the Juftice of the faid Claims, (hall order and dired the faid Paymafter to make out, or caufe t# be made out, Tws Remittance Bills for the Penfion due to fuch Widow, which faid Bills (hall be Duplicates of each other, and (hall be joined together by oblique Lines, Flourifhes, or Devices, and fhall be made payable to fuch Widow by the Receiver-General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Cuftoms, Collector of the Excife, or Clerk of the Checque, to whom the faid Remittance Bills fhall be addrefTed; and fuch Remittance Bills, being numbered and dated, fhall be figned by the faid Paymafter, who fhall caufe fuch Remittance Bills to be prepared, and Accounts thereof to be kept; and fuch Remittance Bills, being written or printed, fhall be according to the Tenor and Form following, or to the like Effcd :

4 No. I.	Day of

4 Sir,

4 pAY to A. B. of	on	her	producing and

*	delivering the Duplicate hereof, the Sum of

4 being for the Penfion payable to the faid A. B. as a Widow of 4	[ax	the	Cafe	may on the	•

4 Day of	laft, if the fame be demanded within Six

4 Calendar Months from the Date hereof; otherwife you are to return

♦	this Bill to the Paymafter of Penfions to Sea Officers’ Widows at

•	his Office.

C. Z). Paymafter. 4 To the Receiver General of the Laod Tax for the County of 4 To the Colledor of the Cuftoms at the Port of 4 To the Colledor of Excife at • To the Clerk of the Checque at

4 By virtue of the AH 49 Geo. III.*

4 N. B. The forging of this Remittance Bill, or procuring 4 any other Perfon to forge the fame, in order to 4 receive any Part of the Monies hereby payable, 4 is made Felony by the Ad 49 Geo. ILL*

And fo foon as the faid Bills are made out and figned, the Paymafter, or Perfon to be appointed by the faid Paymafter, fhall cut or caufe them to be cut afunder, through the oblique Lines, Flouriihes, or Devices; and fhall caufe one Duplicate to be tranfmitted to the Widow named therein, to whom the Money fhall be made payable, and the other Duplicate to be tranfmitted to the Receiver-General of the Land Tax, Colicdor of the Cuftoms, Coiiedor of the Excue, or

1	Clerk

 CjOOQle

A.D.1809:	49°	GEO. IIT.	C.35.	6f,

Clerk of the Cheeque, to whom the fame (hall be addreffed; and if Duplicate, pay the Duplicate of fuch Bill fhall be produced by the Widow, to whom ber tbeJ*um the fame (hall be made payable, to fuch Receiver-General of the Land	&

Tax, Colledor of the Cuftoms, Colledor of the Excife, or Clerk of ’ the Cheeque,'to whom the fame (hail be addreffed, within Six Calendar Months from the Date thereof, he (hail carefully examine the fame with the Duplicate tranfmitted to him as aforefaid, and being fatisfied of the Authenticity thereof, and of the Identity of the Widow producing the fame to him*, he fhall immediately pay the Sum mentioned	J

therein to fuch Widow, without Fee, or Reward, or Dedudion, on any Pretence whatever, taking a Receipt for fuch Payment on the Back of the Bill 5 which Bill, and the Duplicate thereof, being tranf-	./

mitted by the Perfon who fhall pay the fame to the faid Paymafter, fhall be immediately repaid to him by fuch Receiver-General, Colledor of the Cuftoms, Colledor of the Excife, or Clerk of the Cheeque, or his Order 5 but in cafe the Duplicate of fuch Bill fhall not be fo produced, and Payment thereof demanded within Six Calendar Months from the Date thereof, then the faid Receiver-General of the Land Tax, Colledor of the Cuftoms, Colledor of the Excife, or Clerk of the Cheeque, fhall return the Duplicate thereof in his Hands to the faid Paymafter at his Office in London, who fhall caufe the fame to be cancelled ; and thereupon the Sum contained in fuch Bill fhall become payable to the Widow in wbofe Favour it was drawn, or to her lawful Reprefcntatives, in cafe of her Death, in the fame Manner as if fuch Bill had never been iffued.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if any Re- Recelvcr-ceiver-General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Cuftoms, Colledor General, &c. of the Excife, or Clerk of the Cheeque, to whom the Duplicate of ^Du^icate11 " any fuch Bill fhall be tendered for Payment, fhall not have in his Hands ^ Dateofit* Publick Monies fufficient to anfwer the fame, and fhall for that Reafon being tendered, refufe or delay the immediate Payment thereof, fuch Receiver-General in cafe he has of the Land Tax, Colledor of the Cuftoms, Colledor of the Excife, j^Publick or Clerk of the Cheeque, fhall immediately indorfe on the faid Dupli- HandTtopayth« cate the Date of its being fo tendered to him, and the Caufe of his mu ^ Refufal or Delay to pay the fame $ and fhall appoint therein for the appoint a Day of Payment of the fame fome future Day, within the Space of One Payment within Month at the fartheft from its being fo firft tendered to him as afore- a Montb* faid; and fuch Duplicate, with the Indorsement thereon, fhall be immediately delivered back to the Perfon presenting the fame; and Penalty on if upon Complaint made to the refpedive Commiffioners appointed, Perfons delaying or to be appointed, to manage the faid feveral Duties of Land Tax, Pa£m.<jnt ^ne* Cuftoms, or Excife, or to the Commiffioners of the Navy if the Perfon ** C* complained of be a Clerk of the Cheeque, it fhall appear that fuch Receiver-General of the Land Tax, Colledor of the Cuftoms, CoU lector of the Excife, or Clerk of the Cheeque, hath unneceffarily or wilfully refufed or delayed the Payment of fuch Bill, or diredly or indircdly, by himfelf or any Perfon under him, received or taken any Fee, Reward, Gratuity, Difcount, or Dedudion whatfoever, on account of the Payment of the fame, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more of the faid Commiffioners to convid and fine the Perfon under their Diredion fo offending, in any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence ; and fuch Fine fhall be levied and recovered in fych and the (me Mann$r, to all Intents and Purpofesj as any Penalty or Fine may

F 3	be

 LjOOQle

On Certificate of Infirmity being

General, Sic. authorized to pay the Content* of the Bill to the Older of the Widow,

Alignments of Penfion to be void.

Letters and Packets lent by the Paymaitef to be-free of Pottage.

PnnUhment for

perfonating Widows entitled

to Penfions, Fourteen Years Tnnfporution.

C.35.	490 GEO. III.	A.D. 1809.

be levied and recovered for any Offence againft the Laws of Cuftom9 or Excife 5 and the faid Fine, when recovered, (hall be paid to the Informer or Informers.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That if fuch Widow to whom the Remittance Bill (hall be made payable, (hall be prevented and difabled by bodily Infirmity from appearing in Perfon before the faid Receiver-General of the Land Tax, Colltdor of the Cuftoms, Collrdor of the Excife, or Clerk of the Checque, and fuch bodily Infirmity being properly and fatisfa&orily certified by the Minifter, and a Churchwarden or Elder of the Parifh where fuch Widow fhall refide, or by the Phyfician, Surgeon, or Apothecary attending her, then and in fuch Cafe the Sum contained in fuch Bill, (hall be paid to the Order in Writing of fuch Widow, upon producing and giving up to fuch Receiver-General of the Land Tax, Colledor of the Cuftoms, Colledor of the Excife, or Clerk of the Checque, fuch Certificate of bodily Infirmity as aforefaid, together with a Duplicate of the faid Bill, and a proper Receipt on the Back of the fame, figned by the Widow in whofe Favour the Bill (hall have been drawn payable, and witneffed by the Perfon who (hall receive the Money.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That all Aflignments, Bargains, Sales, Orders, Contrads, Agreements, or Securities whatfoever which (hall be given or made by any Widow entitled to any fuch Penfion, (hall be abfolutely null and void, to all InteHts and Purpofe*.

VIII.	And be it enaded, That all Letters and Packets fent by the faid Pay matter (hall, from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thoqfand eight hundred and nine, be fent free from the Duty of Pottage; and all Letters and Packets relating to the Execution of this Ad, that (hall be forwarded by fuch Paymafter, (hall be under Covers with the Words “ Purfuant to Ad of Parliament Forty-ninth Geo. III.” printed upon the fame; and the faid Paymafter (hall write bis name under the Words fo printed; and he is hereby ftridly prohibited and difeharged from inclofing or fending under fuch Covers any Writing, Paper, or Parcel whatever, excepting fuch as relate to the Execution of this Ad; and if he (hall fend or convey under the Covers aforefaid any Writing, Paper, or Parcel, other than thofe relating to the Execution of this Ad, he (hail, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and fuch Fine (hall be levied and recovered in fuch and the fame Manner, to ail Intents and Purpofes, as any Convidion may be made, and any Penalty or Fine levied or recovered, for any Offence againft any Law by which any Duty of Cuftoms or Excife is impofed or laid; and the faid Fine, when recovered, (hall be paid to the Informer or Informers againft fuch Offender or Offenders.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and nine, if any Perfon (hall wilfully and knowingly perfonate, or falfely affume the Name or Charader of, or procure any other Perfon to perfonate or falfely to affume the Name or Charader of any Widow entitled, or foppofed to be entitled to any fuch Penfion aforefaid, in order to re-

• ccive the fame, or any Part thereof, every fuch Ferfon fo offending, and being lawfully convided thereof, (hall be deemed guilty of Felony, and may be tranfported for fuch Period, not exceeding Fourteen Years, as th$ Court (hall adjudge.

- -	x.



AD*i8o9*	49°	GEO.	III.	C.35,36.^

X. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon fhall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully a d or affilt in forging or counterfeiting, the Name or Hand-writing of any Widow entitled to any fuch Penfion, or if any Perfon or Perfons required by any Rules or Regulations made under and by virtue of this Ad to fign any Remittance Bill, Certificate, Voucher, or Receipt, in relation to the Pay-' ment of any fuch Penfion, for and in order to the receiving Or obtaining any Money on any fuch Penfion, or (hall utter as true any falfe, forged, or counterfeited Remittance Bill, Certificate, Voucher, or Receipt, knowing the fame to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intention to defraud any Perfon whatsoever, every fuch Perfon fo offending, being thereof lawfully convided, fhall be and is hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and may be tranfported for fuch Period, not exceeding Fourteen Years, as the faid Court (hail adjudge.

XT. And be it further enaded, That all Orders, Certificates, Vouchers, Remittance Bills, and Receipts, for or relating to any fuch Penfions, (hall be free from all Duties of Stamps, and be good, valid, and effedual, although the fame (hall not have been (lamped j any Thing in any Ad contained to the contrary notwithftancing.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to amend an Aft made in the Forty-fifth Year of His prefent Majelty, for amending and rendering more effeftual an Aft of the Parliament of Ireland, for erefting and efta-* blifhing Publick Infirmaries or Hofpitals. [28th April 1809.]'

WHEREAS by an Ad made in the Forty-fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Ad to amend and render more 4 effedual an Ad made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fifth Tear of 4 His prefent Majejly, intituled, ‘ An A.d for ereding and ejlabli/bing • Publick Infirmaries or Hofpitals in thh Kingdomreciting that the 4 Sums by the faid Ad ot the Parliament ot Ireland empowered to * be raifed had proved inefficient, it was enaded. That it (hould be 4lawful for the Grand Jury in each and every County in Ireland to * prefent to be raifed on the County at large, a Sum not exceeding* 4 Five hundred Pounds in the Year, over and above and exclufive of1 4 the Sum which they were empowered to prefent by the'faid recited 4 Ad, to be paid and applied to the Support and Maintenance of the * County Infirmary or Hofpital in fuch Counties: And whereas 4 Doubts have arifen whether the faid recited Act of the Forty-fifth * Year aforefaid, extends to Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns * in Ireland, for the ereding and eftablilhing of Publ ck Infirmaries 4 or Hofpitals, wherein fpecial Provifion has been made by any Ad 4 or Ads in force ift Ireland: For the obviating of fuch Doubts,* be it enaded by the Jung’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-, mons, in this prefent Parliament affembltd, and by Authority of the fame. That from and after t^he paffing of tliis Ad the faid recited Ad of the Forty-fifth Year, ana the feveral Provifiona therein contained, relating to prefenting a>nd fifing any Sum not exceeding Five hundred Pounds in all Counties in Ireland\ (hall extend and be construed to extend to all Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns In

F 4	Ireland\

71

PanKhioent for forging Bilk or Certificates, &c. Fourteen Year*. Tranfportation.

Bills and Certificate*, exempted from Stamp Duties.

4s6.8e.ni. amending Irilh Ad 5 <sr.3.c.20

Ptovifion* of recited Ad relating to railing any Sum not exceeding 5001. iu Counties, extended to Counties of Cities sad Towas.

 CjOOQle

yi

When there are Two or more Infirmaries in any fuch County of a City, &c. the, Money raifrd fhall he equally divided.

C.36—39;	49^ GEO. Ill*/	A.D.1809;

Ireland^ for the erefting, eftabliffiiog, fupporting, and maintaining of any Publick Infirmaries or Hofpitals, wherein any fpecial Provifiona have been made by any A61 or Ads in force in Ireland; and a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five hundred Pounds (hall be accordingly prefented and raifed in fuch Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, under the faid recited Ad of the Forty-fifth Year, and this Ad.

• II. Provided always, and be it enaded, That whenever it fhall happen that in any fuch County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland) the-e (hall be Two or more Infirmaries or Hofpitals entitled to the Benefits of the faid recited Ad of the Parliament of Ireland for ereding and cftablilhing Publick Infirmaries or Hofpitals, all and every fuch Sum of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, as (hall be fo prefented and raifed under and by virtue of the faid recited Ad of the Forty-fifth Year and this Ad, fhall be equally divided between and applied among fuch fevtral Infirmaries or Hofpitals in fuch County of a City or County of a Town, and fhall be paid over by the Treafurer of fuch County of a City or County of a Town to the feveral and refpedive Treafurers of the faid refpedive Infirmaries or Hofpitals, in equal Shares and Proportions*

CAP. XXXVII.

An Ad for increafing the Rates of Subfiftence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[28th April 1809.]

if The Rates are the fame as in 41 G. 3. (U. K.) c. 35.—Continuance “ of Ad from 24 March 1808 to 25 March 1809.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Ad for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, an Ad made in the Thirty-third Year of His prefent Majefty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.	[28th April 1809.]

*c 33 G. 3. c. 74. (laft continued by 48 G. 3. c* 2j.) further continued to 2$ July i8u.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Ad for making Compenfation to the Proprietors of fuch Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchafed for better fccuring His Majefty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores at Portf^ mouth ; and for extending the Lines and Works at Dover : in purfuanpe of an Ad made in the Forty-fixth Year of His prefent Majefty.	[zSth	April	1809.J

€i Recital of 46 G. 3. c. 105. whereby Premifes were veiled in Trufleea •* for the Ufe of the Ordnance Office. 11,525/. 15*. awarded as the Value of the Premifes. The faid Sum (hall be paid out of the Supplies “ for 1809. § 1. Surveyor-General of the Ordnance (hall make out 4( Bills to the Perfoas entitled to the Money awarded as the Valine of 4i Premifes, &c. and Debentures (hall be prepared thereupon. §2.

** Debenture#



Google

AJ>. 1809.	490	GEO.	111.	C.	39,40.	55.

“ Debentures (hall be paid to the Perfons entitled thereto. § 3. When “ Money is awarded to be paid to Truftees, the Debentures fhall be 44 paid to the Deputy Remembrancer. § 4. Who fhall pay it into 4t the Bank. § 5. Court of Exchequer fhall have a Controui over “ the Application of fuch Money. § 6. Powers of the Deputy of 44 the King's Remembrancer fhall devolve on his Succeifor. § 7. In 44 cafe of Refufal to accept Debentures, the Clerk of the Ordnance <c fhall depofit the fame with the Clerk of the Peace, and the Premifes 44 fhall thereupon be veiled to the Ufe of His Majefty. § 8. Limita-44 tion of Aftions, Six Months. General Iffue. Treble Cofls. § 9.

CAP. XL.

An A& to amend and render more effectual an Aft, pafled in the lafl Seffion of Parliament, for enabling His Majefty to eftablifti a permanent Local Militia Force, under certain Reflri&ions for the Defence of the Realm.

[12th May 1809.]

•TTTHEREAS an Aft paffed in the lafl Seffion of Parliament,

4 VV intituled, An A3 foi enabling His MajeJly to cjlablijh a per- 48 G. 3. c. ill. 4 manent Local Militia Force, under certain ReJlriSions for the Defence 4 of the Realm : And Whereas it is expedient that the laid Aft fhould 4 be amended and rendered more effeftual, and that further Provifion 4 fhould be made for carrying into Execution the Purpofes thereof;

4 may it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted ;* And w be it enafted by the King's moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That in every Cafe in which His Majefty fhall by any Warrant Deficiencies and under His Royal Sign Manual have ordered and direfted, or fhall here- y^ncJf*,inay1 after order or djreft, that the Local Militia of any County fhall be Applied byt0 * ballotted or enrolled under the faid recited Aft, it fhall be lawful for Order of Sccre-His Majefty at any Time thereafter, by any Order of his Principal tary of State Secretary of State, to direft the fupplying any Deficiencies or filling without His up of any Vacancies, or the balloting or enrolling Men in fuch County from Time to Time, without any further or other Warrant or Order arran of His Majefty for that Purpofe, and notwithftanding any Sufpenfion of Ballot for the regular Militia.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That it fhall be Volunteers al-lawful at any Time before the Local Militia of any County fhall be J^ther T^ completed to the full Amount of Six Times the Quota of the original ^derbe^iven Militia, and alfo at any Time thereafter when any Vacancies fhall arife for fupplying in fuch Local Militia, whether any fuch Order or Direftion fhall by Deficiencies or Warrant or otberwife have been made or given for the fupplying the nof» until D>cal Deficiencies or Vacancies in fuch Local Militia or not, for any Ptrfons

(as well Members of Volunteer Corps as others,) voluntarily to enrol eomPeU themfelves in the Local Militia of fuch County, according to the Provifions of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, until the full Number of Men required by virtue of the faid recited Aft in fuch County fhall be completed.

III.	And be it further enafted, That when and fo foon as any Vacancies fhall Members of any Volunteer Corps fhall have transferred themfelves hp filled up not-into the Local Militia of any County, or any Perfons fhall have Number^f8 ^ voluntarily enrolled themfeiyes in fuch Local Militia, all Vacancies or MUiti*

Deficiencies



74‘

and Volnnteert exceed Six Times the Quota cf the Regular Militia,

Bat fueh Deficiencies ihall not t>e fupplied till the Number is reduced below the Proportion.

Local Militia Men may eoJift into the Regular Militia [of their ozvn Counties 49 <2.3. c. 129.] except during annual Training.

Penalty on Officer, &c.. enlifting a Local Militia Man during fuch Period of Training 20l.

How Vacancies by Promotion of Corporals, and Serjeants and efdiiling ihall be filled up.

C.40.	490	GEO. III.	A.D.1809.

Deficiencies thereafter ariGng in the full Number of Perfon* who (hall have been fo enrolled in fuch Local Militia, by any fuch Perfons eplifting or entering into His Majefty’s Army, Navy, or Marines, or engaging as Subftitutes, or eniitling as Volunteers in the Regular Militia, or by Difcharge, Abfence, Defertion, Death, or Expiration cf Service, or Promotion of Private Men to be Serjeants aod Corporals, or other* ife, (hall be filled up without aoy Order or Direction of His Majefty, or His Principal Secretary of State for that Purpofe, and notwithftanding any Sufpenfion of Ballot for the Regular Militia, and notwithftanding the whole Number of fuch Local Militia Ihall, together with the Volunteers ferving in and for the County, Divifion, or Parifh, in which fuch Deficiencies may exift, or Vacancies (hall have arifen or may arife, be more than equal to Six Times the Amount of-the Quota of Regular Militia of fuch County 5 any Thing in the faid recited Ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no fnch Deficiencies or Vacancies in any County in which the Number of Perfons who have transferred therafelves into the Local Militia, (hall, be more than equal to Six Times fuch Quota as aforefaid, (hall be fupplied or required to be fupplied until the Number of fuch Local Militia (hall be reduced below the Proportion of Men required for, fuch County.

V.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for any Perfon ballotted or enrolled to ferve or ferving in the Local Militia to enliffc or enter into the Regular Militia under any Ad of this Seflion of Parliament for completing the Militia, at any Time except during fuch Portion of the Period of being aflembled for the Purpofe of annual Training and Exercife, as His Majefty (hall by any Order made in that Behalf preferibe, and the Enlifting or Entry of every fuch Man (hall be immediately certified by the Officer with whom fuch Man (hall have enlifted or entered, to the Officer commanding the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Local Militia from which fuch Man (hall have enlifted or entered ; and all Vacancies arifing by any fuch enlifting or entering as aforefaid, (hall be fupplied in fuch Manner as any other Vacancies in the Local Militia.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no Officer or Non-commiffioned Officer, or Corporal, or Private Man of any of Hia Majefty’s Forces or Marines, or of the Regular Militia, or Overfeer, or Churchwarden of any Pari(h, or any other Perfon (hall enlift or per. fuade to enlift any Man ferving in any Regiment of the Local Militia during any fuch Part of the Period of fuch Regiment being aflembled for Training or Exercife, as (hall be preferibed by His Majefty as the Period of Afiembly, during which Perfons ferving in the Local Militia (hall not enlift ; on Pain of forfeiting, for every fuch Offence, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered as the like Penalty for enlifting a Militia Man may be recovered under any Ad relating to the Militia.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That all Deficiencies and Vacancies which (hall have arifen in the Local Militia, or which (hall hereafter arife by reafon of any Private Men being made Corporals or Serjeants, or by reafon of any enlifting into the Regular Militia under any Ad of this Seflion of Parliament, (hall be filled up and fupplied according to the Provifions of the faid recited Ad and this Ad and the feveral Ad$. relating to the Militia, as far as the fame are applicable.

VIII,



Google

A.D. 1809.'	490	GEO.	III.	C.	40.	jfg"

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the Deputy-Lieut»-DeputyLieuteaants of any County, in any Cafe in which it (hall nants may make appear to them to be neceffary or proper, by reafon of any Quotas of ncw Apportton-Local Militia of any Divifions of any County, or of any Parifhes of any ft^^theRetumi Divifion, which fhall have been fixed according to the original Quotas made it be found of the Regular Militia under the laid Aft of the Forty-fecond Year theQuotasare aforefaid, being found by any Returns now made or which may here- not in proportion after be made, not to be in proportion to the relative Numbers of to the relative^ ^ Men liable to ferve in the Local Miiitia in fuch refpeftive Hundreds ^

or Parities, to make any new Apportionment and afcertain and fettle	*

any Quotas of Local Militia as to any Divifions of any County, or as to any Parifhes in any Divifion, either by any Alteration of the Proportions of any fuch Quotas of the Regular Militia under the Pro-. vifion9 of the faid Aft of the Forty-fecor.d Year aforefaid. or by any new Apportionment as to fuch Divifions, or as to the Parifhes in any Divifion according to the relative Numbers of Men liable to ferve in the Local Militia: Provided always, that all Quotas of Local Militia which (hall have been fettled and afcertained for any Divifions, or for any Parifhes of any Divifion, (hall remain and be deemed to be the proper Quotas of fuch Divifions and Parifhes refpeftively, unlefs and until the Deputy-Lieutenants (hall deem it neceffary to alter and (hall have altered the fame, and fettled any new Quotas under the faid Aft of the faid Forty-fecond Year aforefaid and this Aft.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it (hall be lieutenancy lawful for the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants at any General fhall fix by Ballot Meeting, and they are hereby required to afcertain and fix by Ballot the Order in the Order in which the refpeftive Subdivifions, Hundreds, and Parifhes

in their refpeftive Counties (hall (land as to the fupplying any Deli- fupply De* ciencies or Vacancies that may exift or arife therein by reafon of the fluencies by v Appointment of any Perfons ferving in the Local Militia of any fuch Promotion* of County to be Serjeants or Corporals, and (hall, immediately after the Seijeanto, &c. fame (hall be fo afcertained and fixed, caufe fuch Subdivifions, Hundreds, and Parifhes refpeftively, to be entered in fuch Order, in a Lift to be prepared for that Purpofe; and fuch Vacancies fhall be fupplied by fuch Subdivifions, Hundreds, and Parifhes, in the Order in which they (hall have been entered in fuch Lift as aforefaid, and not by the Parifties to which the Men fo promoted (hall have ferved.

X. And be it further enafted, That in every Cafe in which the Deputy-Lieutc-Number of Men enrolled in any Divifion, Hundred, or Parifh of any nantsihallregu-County, (hall be more than the relative Proportion of fuch Divifion, late Inequalities Hundred, or Parifh, it fhall be lawful for the Deputy-Lieutenants at	m any General or Subdivifion Meetings for any County where any fuch Inequality (hall arife, to afcertain and fix by Ballot or otberwife, in

what Manner the Surplus of Numbers of Men fo enrolled in any fuch Divifion, Hundred, or Parifh, fhall be applied and apportioned among the other Divifions, Hundreds, or Parffhes of fuch County, and how and in what Proportions, and in what Order any future JDeficiencies and Vacancies are to be filled up and fupplied by fuch other D'vifions, Hundreds, or Parifhes as aforefaid.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That from and 48 G. 3. c. ill* after the Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and ten, §26. as to

fo much of the faid recited Aft as enafts that any Perfon who fhall ®°‘J.ntiest® voluntarily enrol himfelf to ferve in the Local Militia under the faid tadl^nrolUng recited. Aft (except Members of Volunteer Corps transferring them- themfelves

felves) repealed; (except



T*

a* to Members of

Ydwnteer

Cwp»).

Rdffics ww

acree togfoe TW Guinea* JBvwrcy.

Bounty palcT to Tcrfbns enrolling in Loe al Militia Aailbe deduced, and repaid, if Ary eidiil into Ae Lim within attain Periods.

49G,3. c. Til §51, 52, as to Brpeymem of IVmntie* out of Coonfy Rate* jrpcalcd.

Bo Bounties to Members of Volunteer Corps savlefo forcing fceioie this A&.

Volunteer* transferred to Loi-al Militia, not liable to force in Regular Militia.

Officers commanding Volunteers transferred into the Local MHitia fhafl retain their Command, &:c.

C.40*	49°	GEO. IIL	AJXi	809;

felves) (hallbe entitled to receive the Sura of Two Guinea*, to be paid upon his Enrolment, over and above any Sum to which he may be en-titled for Nectflaries, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed : Provided always, that it (hall be lawful for the Churchwardens or Ovcrfcers of the Poor of any Patifh, with the Confent of the Inhabitants taken at a Veftry, or any other Meeting to be called and hoiden for that Pur-pofe, of which Five Days Publick Notice (hall be given, to agree to gjve a Bounty to any Pcrfons voluntarily enrolling themfclves in the Local Militia for fuch Parifh ; provided that fuch Bounty or Sum of Money (hall in no Cafe exceed the Sum of Two Guineas for each Pcrfon, to be paid upon Enrolment, exclufive of Neceflaries ; and fuch Sum for Bounties may and (hail be raiftd, and levied and collected in fuch Manner, and under fuch and the like Rules, Regulations, and Penalties, as any Sums allowed to be given to Volunteers for the Militia under an Ad paffed in the Forty-fecond Year of His prefent Ma jelly.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the Whole of iht Bounty which fhali have been paid to any Perfou enrolled in the Local Militia, whether the fame (hallhave been paid by His Majcfty, or by anv Parifh under the ProviGons of the faid Ad or this Ad, (hall, if fucli Pcrfon (hall thereafter at any Period within One Year enlift into the Army, Navy, or Marines, be deduded from the Bounty payable to fuch Perfon upon fo enlifting; and if fuch Pe fon (hall enlift at any Time after the Expiration of One Year and before the Expiration of Two Years, then One Half of fuch Bounty (hall be deduded as aforefaid, and the Amount fo deduded (hall be accounted for, and be repaid to the Pcrfons by whom, or to the Account from which the Bounty fo deduded and repaid, (hall have been advanced.

XIII.	And be it further enaded. That fo much of the faid recited Ad as enads or requires that any Sums of Money advanced or paid for the Bounties of Two Guineas allowed by the faid recited Ad* to Perfons voluntarily enrolling themfelves in the Local Militia, or transferring themfelves from Volunteer Corps into the Local Militia, (hall be paid or repaid out of any County Rate, or afleffed upon any Parifhes in any County, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, that no Perfon transferring himfelf from any Volunteer Corps into the Local Militia under the ProviGons of the faid recited Ad or this Ad, (hall be entitled to any Bounty upon being enrolled in the Local Militia, unlefa he (hall have been a Member of a Volunteer Corps before the palling of this Ad, and (hall have continued a Member of a Volunteer Corps up to the Period of his transferring himfelf as aforefaid.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That no Perfon who (hall transfer himfelf as a Member of a Volunteer Corps into the Local Militia, and fhali be thereupon enrolled in the Local Militia, (hall be liable to be called upon to be enrolled or ferve in the Regular Militia by reafon of his having been ballotted and entered for the Regular Militia, during the Period of his having been a Member of a Volunteer Corps; any Thing in any Ad or Ads to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant of any County, or for any Colonel or Commanding Officer of any Regiment or Regiments, Battalion or Battalions, or Corps of Volunteers who (hall transfer himfelf into the Local

Militia



Google

A.B.iSdpi	49*	GEO. IIt.	C.4k

Militia with his Regiment or Regiments, Battalion or Battalions, or Corps, or with Part thereof, under the Provifions of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, to retain fuch Command, and to continue to aft at Colonel or Commanding Officer of .any Regiment, Battalion or Corps* or Regiments, Battalions or Corps, fo transferred and become Local Militia, and together with any Regiment of Regular Militia, if he (hall have commanded any Regiment of Regular Militia at the Time of fuch Transfer as aforefaid; any Thing in any Aft or, Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That all Officers of Local Lletrteiw*-Militia holding the Rank of Lieutenant-Colonel Commandant, (hall

take Rank of and command all other Lieutenant-Colonels ferving in

the faid Local Militia, notwithftanding the Commiffions of the faid teuaat-CdoiKlfc.

Lieutenant-Colonels fhould be of a prior Date to the Commiffions

of fuch Lieutenant*Colonels Commandant.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That all Officers of Yeomanry Rank ofOBboet*

Corps (hall rank with the Officers of the Local Militia according to of Yeomanry the Dates of their refpeftive Commiffions*	Cwp*,

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That every Officer andof Office*#** of Local Militia, who (hall have held any Commiffion in any Volunteer L>calMilkm Corps at the Time of his becoming an Officer of the Local Militia, holdiagCora-fhali be entitled to rank with the Officers of Yeomanry Corp% ™ according to the Date of his Commiffion of the fame Rank ia the Volunteers.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for any Vice-LieKtca** Vice-Lieutenant, who (hall be authorifed by the Lieutenant for that maygr*ntXjmr Purpofe, to grant Commiffions to Officers to ferve in the Local Militia, n^&oua.

in fuch and the like Manner as the Lieutenant giving fuch Authority may grant fuch Commiffions.

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That no Commiffion granted No Stamp D*y before the paffing of this Aft, or which (hall be granted after the p* Comaoilfiaa* paffingof this Aft, to any Officer in the Local Militia, (hall be fubjeft

to any Stamp Duty.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That all Bills, Drafts, and Bills for Paj« Orders, drawn for the Pay or Allowance of the Local Militia, or of Money-x» any Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps, and atfo all Bills, Drafts, and

Orders, by which any Sums of Money or Fines are remitted to the g^.a^ybe Bank of England, or the Paymaftcr-General, or any Perioti or Perfons drawn <jn unauthorized by the Secretary at War to receive Money on account of ftampsd Taya, the Local Militia or Yeomanry or Volunteer Co^ps, may and (hall be drawn upon undamped Paper; and no fuch Bill, Draft, or Order,

(hall be void by reafon of not bting fo drawn or written on (lamped Paper, any Thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXTII. And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for His Where Towns i* Majefty, by any Order notified by His Secretary of State, upon the theCcmntryd© Application of the Lieutenant of any County in which the principal	r

Town or Towns of fuch County (hall Rot afford fufficient Accom- quTr^ingTo^ modation for the quartering of the Local Militia of the County, during Militia,they mi* the training and exerciling of fuch Local Militia, or in any Cafe in be marched imm which it may be more convenient with refpeft to the Refidence of the Perfons enrolled in fuch Local Militia, and to the Diftance which bounty, fuch Perfons may have to march for the Purpofe of being trained and cxercifed, to authorize and allow, and to order the Local Militia of

fuch

 L^OOQle

■C.40.

'49* GEO. III.

*A.D. 1809.

Adjutants and

Non-comraif-Coned Officers of Local, mar train Regular, Militia Men until inarched to their Regiment.

(See 49 G. 3.

c. 8a. .§2.]

Colonels may appoint Quarter Matters for Regiments of Local Militia.

* Qualification for Officers [of Local Militia] may be in any Part of Great Britain.

[See 49 G> 3*

X. 82. $ 3.]

Local Militia Officers not exempt from being Sheriffs.

Seijeantt, Sec. not allowed to enlift in

Regulars without Confent of Commanding Officer.

Men ffi&ll not

change their Regiments on removing from one Part of a County to another.

fuch County, or any Regiments or Regiment thereof, to be marched into any adjoining County for the Purpofe of training and exercifing ; any Thing in the faid recited Ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the Adjutants, Quarter Mailers, and alfo for the Non-commifTioned Officers of the Local Militia, being on permanent Pay as fucb, to receive and command, and train and exercife any Men enrolled for the Regular Militia of their refpedive Counties at any Time after their Enrolment, and for any Period, until they can conveniently be marched and fhall be ordered to inarch to their refpedive Regiments; and all fuch Adjutants, Quarter Mailers, and Non-commiffioned Officers, fhall for fuch Purpofe have the like Command over fuch Men as any Officer of the Regular Militia of the County to which they beloog, and (hall for that Purpofe, and as to all the Provifions of any Ad for Punifhmcnt of Mutiny and Dcfertion, be deemed and conftrued to 4 be Officers for the Time being of fuch Regular Militia having the Command of fuch Men.

XXV.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the Colonel or Commanding Officer of any Regiment of Militia to appoint any fit and proper Perfon, with the Approbation of His Majeftv, to be Quarter-Mailer of his Regiment of Local Militia, although fuch Perfon fhall not have ferved in His M«jefty’s other Forces, or in the embodied Militia, as required by the Provifions of the faid Ad pafTed in the Forty-fecond Year aforefaid, and fuch Perfon maybe appointed to ferve with fuch Rank as is in the faid Ad mentioned.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded, That every Ellate of the Value, or to the Amount, or of the Defcription fpecified in the feveral Ads relating to the Militia as a Qualification for any Officer in the Militia, fituate, lying, or being in any Part of Great Britain, fhall, from and after the paffing of this Ad, be, and be deemed and conftrued to be a good and valid Qualification, although the fame fhall not be fituate in the County to which the Officer having fuch Ellate fhall belong; any Thing in any Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded. That no Perfon fhall be entitled to claim any Exemption, or to be exempt from ferving the Office of Sheriff, by reafon of holding any Commifiion in the Local Militia ; any Thing in any Ad relating to the Militia to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded. That no Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, of any Regiment of Local Militia, on permanent Pay as fuch, or as a Mufician in the Band of the Regiment of Local Militia to which he fhall belong, fhall be entitled to his Difcharge, or be allowed to enlift; into the Army, Navy, or Marines, or Regular Militia, or to engage himfelf as a Subftitute or Volunteer in the Regular Militia at any Time, whether the Regiment to which fuch Non-commiffioned Officer or Drummer or Mufician fhall belong, (hall be aifembled for the Purpofe of annual Training and Exercife or not, unlefs with the Confent in Writing of the Commanding Officer of his Regiment given for that Purpofe.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded. That no Perfon who fhall be enrolled in any Regiment of Local Militia fhall be removed or transferred from the Regiment in which he fhall have been placed upon his Enrolment, by realon of his removing from any one Divifion or P?rt

 LjOOQle

.A.D.1809.	49°	GEO.	III.	,<5.40,41.	i

of his County to any other Divifion or Part of his County, but any fuch Perfon (hall, notwithfianding fuch Removal, be obliged to join his Regiment wherever the fame fhall be aflembled or called out under the Provifions of the faid recited Ad or this Ad 5 any Thing in the faid recited Ad to the contrary notwithflanding.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That it fhall not Men {hall not be lawful for any Perfon enrolled to ferve as a Local Militia Man to remove while the remove from one County to another County, or from one Divifion I^gimentig

to another Divifion of the fame County, during the Time that the a €mblcd* Regiment to which he belongs fhall be aflembled, without having . firft obtained the Confent of his Commanding Officer exprefled in Writ;ng.

XXXI.	And be it further enaded, That no Commifiioned or Non- Local Militia enmmiffioned Officer or Private Man in the Local Militia, fhall be {hall not U fubjed to any of the Provifions contained in any Ad of Parliament fabje&to which fhall be in force for the Punifhment of Mutiny and Defertion, ^nlefs when * and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, or any receiving Pay, cc Articles of War made in purfuance thereof, except during fuch Time embodied.

as he fhall be receiving the Pay of his Rank in the Local Militia, or fhall be called out or aflembled or embodied under any of the Provifions of the faid recited Ad.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded, That all and every the Pro- This Aft and vifions of this Ad fhall, in Execution of the faid lecited Ad, be recited Aft fhall ufed and applied and conftrued in like Manner as if the fame Provifions ^^ft™6^ were fpeciaily enaded in the faid Ad, and all and every the Provifions onc

of the faid Ad fhall, in the Execution of this Ad, except where the fame are thereby exprefsly varied, be ufed and applied, extended and conftrued, in like Manner as if the fame Provifions (except as aforefaid) were fpeciaily enaded in this Ad.

** Ad maybe altered this Seffion. § 33. [See 49 G. 3. c. 82. § 129.]

CAP. XLI.

An Ad to amend an Ad made in the Forty-eighth Year of His prefent Majefty, to provide that Britijh Ships captured by the Enemy, becoming the Property of Britijh Subjeds, fhall not be entitled to the Privilege of Britijh Ships.

[12th May 1809.]

•	TTTHEREAS by an Ad palled in the Forty-eighth Year of His

‘ VV prefent Majefty's Reign, intituled. An Ail to provide that 43 G. 3. c. 70J 4 Britifh Ships which Jhall he captured by the Enemy, andJhall afterwards 4 become the Property of Britifh Subjects, Jhall not be entitled to the Privilege 4 <J Britifh Ships, it is enaded, that no Britjh-built Ship or Veffel 4 which has been captured by the Enemy, and which fhall not have been

•	regiftered<&»0V0 before the Firft Day of Odober One thoufand eight 4 hundred and eight, nor any Britijh-built Ship or Veffel which fhall 4 thereafter be captured by the Enemy, fhall be regiftered as a Britijh-J built Ship or Vefiei 5 but every fuch Ship or Veffel, although owned ‘ by a Britijh Subjed or Subjeds, fhall be deemed and taken to all In-

-4 tents and Purpofes as a Foreigmbuilt Ship or Veffel: And whereas

•	it may be an Encouragement to the Recapture of fuch Ships and

*	• Veflels, if fuch recaptured Ships and Veflels were admitted to the ? Privilege of Britijh*built Ships and Veflels as before their Capture

*	8	•	by	.



•J*

Britifh-built Veffels, if recaptured may be regiftercd, and Lave the Privilege «fi3riiiih Ships.

Scotch Aft 16S:>, cap. 38.

Clerks of Burgh Courts {hall not record Probative Writ*, or Deeds, in virtue of Claufes of Begiftratiou: except that Clerks of Royal Burghs may record Protefts on Bills; and Inftruments of Seifin of Tenements within Burghs j

0.41,42;	49°	GEO. III.	A.D.i8o£

• bf the Enemy f Be it therefore ensfted by the Kind’s moft Ex* cellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That every Britifb-built Ship or Vefltl recaptured from the Enemy by any of Hts Majefty’s Ships of War, or by any Ship or Vefiel having Letters of Marque and Reprizal, or by any Ship or Veffcl of War belonging* to any State in Alliance with His Majefty, may be regiftered, and (hall be deemed and taken to have the Privileges of a Briti/b-built Ship or Veflfel, in the fame Mauner as if it had not been captured by the Enemy; any Thing in the faid Aft to the contrary in anywife aotwithftanding.

CAP. XLII.

An A& for better regulating the Publick Records of ScotlandL

[12th May 1809.I

WHEREAS Irregularities and Inconveniences have arifen or may arife from the unnecdTary Multiplicity of Regifters in 4 Scotland in which Deeds and other Writings may be competently 4 recorded, either for Execution or for Preservation : And whereas 4 the Laws heretofore devifed for regulating the Formation and Cuftody 4 of the Publick Records, and more efpecially of thofe in the Local 4 Regiftries throughout Scotland, have not been found effe&ual; and 4 it is of high Importance that the whole of the Publick Records 4 within tl at Part of the United Kingdom (hould be placed under 4 one general and effeftual Plan of Management and Controul: And 4 whereas by an Aft of the Parliament of Scotland, palled on the 4 Thirteenth Day of June in the Year One thoufand fix hundred and 4 eighty-five, intituled. Ad concerning the Regiftration of Writs in the 4 Boohs of SeJJton, it is, inter alia, itatuted and ordained, 44 That no 4 Clerk of inferior Court for the future prefume to regiftrate any Writs 4 in his Books, either for Confervation, or where Execution is to pafs 4 againft any Party that dwells without the Jurifdiftion, under the 4 Pain of Deprivation, and of Five hundred Merks of Penalty, the 4 one Half to His Majefty, and the other Half to the Party Purfucr,,> 4 which Provilions of the aforefaid Aft it has become neccflary to 4 renew, modify, and enlarge; May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty 4 that it may be ena&ed and be it enafted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Expiration of Six Months after the palling of this Aft, but with and under the Exceptions and. Refervations herein-after-mentioned, it (hall not be lawful for the Clerks of Royal Burghs, or of Burghs of Regality or Barony within Scotland, to receive any Deeds or other Writings for the Purpofe of being recorded by them in the Books or Regifters of their refpeftive Courts, either in virtue of an Aft of the Parliament of Scotland palled on the Thirtieth Day of Augujt in the Year v)ne thoufand fix hundred and ninety-eight, intituled, AS concerning Regiftration of Probative Writs, or in virtue of any Claufe contained in fuch Deeds and Writings, confenting that the fache (hould be recorded either for Prefervation thereof, or for Execution : Provided always, that this Aft (hall not extend to or affeft the Ivigftt



A.D. 1809.	490	GEO.	III.	C.43.	81

of the Clerks of Royal Burghs to receive Inftruments of Proteft on “d Deeds Bills of Exchange, Inland Bills and Promiflory Notes, and to record	®xc!jI“‘

the fame : Provided alfo, that this Aft fhall not extend to or affeft Tenements* the Right of the Clerks of Royal Burghs to record in their Books ©r any Deeds Inftruments of Seifin and other Writs relative to heritable Property where all the holding in Burgage and fituated within their refpeftive Burghs or Li- Parties are berties thereof in virtue*of an Aft of the Parliament of Scotland, pafled ?ur?e!^Jor on the Sixth Day of September in the Year One thoufand fix hundred and ciphty-one, intituled, A3 concerning the Regijlration of Sei/ins and Reverfions of Tenements within Burgh : Provided alfo, that this Aft (hall not extend to or ajfcft the Right of the Clerks of Royal Burghs to receive and record Difpofitions, Tacks, and other Deeds, relating exclufively to the Property or Poffeflion of Subjeft3 holding in Burgage and lituated within fuch Burghs or Liberties thereof refpeft-ively, or any Deeds or Inftruments where all the Parties to the fame (hall be Burgt-ffes or have a legal Domicil within fuch Burghs, at the Time that fuch Deeds or Inftruments (hall be prefented for '

Regiftration.

II.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the Expiration Clerks of Cow of Six Months after the pafling of this Aft, it (hall not be lawful for

the Clerks of the feveral Commiflary Courts within Scotland, to receive probative Writ* any Deed or other Writing for the Purpofe of being recorded by them or Deeds, in in the Books or Regifters of their refpeftive Courts, either in virtue of virtue of Claufe* the above-mentioned Aft of the Parliament of Scotland, paffed on the ef Regiftration, Thirtieth Day of Augujl in the Year One thoufand fix hundred and ninety-eight, or in virtue of any Claufe contained in fuch Deeds or Writings confenting that the fame fhould be recorded either for Pre-fervation ther.of or for Execution, or in virtue of an Aft of the Parliament of Scotland, pafled on the Sixteenth Day of September in the Year One thoufand fix hundred and eighty one, intituled, A3 concerning Bills of Exchange, or of any Afts of the Parliament of Great Britain authorizing the Regiftration of Bills and Promiflory Notes for the Purpofe of fummary Execution.

III.	And be it further enafted, That, if after the Date aforefaid, Penalties on any of the Clerks of Royal Burghs, or Burghs of Regality or Barony, or any of the Clerks of the Commiflary Courts within 0 Scotland, fhall receive any of the above-mentioned Deeds or Writings,

for the Purpofes of recording the fame in their refpeftive Books or Regifters, or fhall tranferibe the fame into their Books, or (hall give forth Copies thereof, bearing to be Extrafts from their refpeftive Books or Regifters, excepting as above excepted, the aforefaid Books,

Copies, and Extrafts, fhall not make Faith or be of any Avail or Authority whatever; and the aforefaid Clerks or others fo offending (hall be liable in a Penalty of Five Pounds for each Offence, which may be fued for and (hall be recoverable to his own Ufe, together with the Expeaces of Procefs, by the Sheriff Clerk or Stewart Clerk of the Shire or Stewartry within which fuch Offence fhall have been committed, on a fummary Complaint to the Sheriff Depute or Stewart Depute of fuch Shire or Stewartry ; and in default of fuch Pro-fecution at the Inftance of the Sheriff Clerk or Stewart Clerk, v^thia Twelve Months from the Date of the Commiflion of fuch Offence, then fuch Penalty fhall and may be fued for and recovered, togethtr with the Expences of Procefs, by the Lord Clerk Regifter on a fummary Complaint prefented within Three Years after the Date of ' 49 Geo. III.	G	fuel*



Google

«?

CleA of the

Commiffary Court of Edim-bur^h (hall deliver his Remitters of Deeds, and the Warrants to the Ixml Clerk Regifter.

Clerks of inferior Commiffary Courts thall deliver their Regifters of Deeds, and the Warrants to Sheriff Clerks.

Clerks of Burgh* of Regality and Barony, ffxa.ll deliver their Regrfters of Deeds, and the Warrants, if any, to Sheriff Clerk*.

C.4*.	49®	GEO.	III.	A.D.i8o9.

fuch Offence, to the Lords of Council aad Stffion, fuch Penalty in the latter Cafe being folely applicable by the Lord Clerk Regifter, to the Purpofes of the EftablifhmeDt of His Majefty’j General Remitter Houfe.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That on or before the Expiration of Six Months after the palling of this Ad, the Clerk of the Com-miffary Court of Edinburgh (bail deliver to the Lord Clerk Regifter, or his Deputy Keepers of Records, all the Books or R-gifLrs of Deeds or of Probative Writings kept by them and their Prcdectffors in Office, and which {hall be in their Custody, together with the Minute Bnoks and Warrants of the faid Regifters or Books of Record, and with an Inventory of the whole, to the Accuracy and Comp’cteRefs of which the faid Clerks fhall make Oath before the Lords of Council and Seffion ; and th^t the Lord Clerk Regifter or his Deputy Keepers of Records fhall receive the aforefaid Books, RegilLrs. i nd Warrants to be depofited with the other Pubiick Records of Scotland, and fhall mike and fubferibe a full Duplicate of the aforefaid Inventory, to be delivered to and depofited by the faid Clerk with the other Records of the Commiffary Court remaining under his Cuftody and Care.

V.	And be it further enaAed, That on or befo.e the Expiration of Six Months after the pafiing of this A&, the Clerks of the feveral inferior Commiffary Courts (hall deliver to the Sheriff Clerks or Stewart Clerks of the Shires or Stewartries within wlr’ch fuch Com-mifTary Courts are refpe&ively fituated, all the Books or Regifters of Deeds or of Probative Writings, if any, which have been kept by them and their PredectfTors in Office, and which fhall be in their Cuftody, together with the Minute Books and Warrants of the fame, and with an Inventory of the whole, to the Accuracy and Complete-ri^fs of which the faid Clerks refpe&ively fhall make Oath in the Court of the Sheriff Depute or Stewart Depute, and that the faid Sheriff Clerks and Stewart Clerks fhall receive the aforefaid Books, Regifters, and Warrants refpe&ively, to be depofited with the other Pubiick Records under their Cuftody and Care, and fhall nuke and fubferibe full Duplicates of the aforefaid Inventories to be de! verel to and depofited by the faid Commiffary Clerks with the other Pubiick Records remaining under their Cuftody and Care.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That on or before the Expiratiou of Six Months after the pafiing of this A£l, the Clerks of tbe feveral Burghs of Regality and Barony aforefaid, fhall in like Manner deliver to the Sheriff Clerks or Stewart Clerks of the Shires or Stewartries within which fuch Burghs are refpe&ivdy fituated, ail the Books or Regifters of Deeds or of Probative Writing?, if any, which have been kept by them and their Predeceffors in Office, and which fhail be in tht;r Cuftody, together with the Minute Books and Warranto of the fame, and with an Inventory of the whole, to the Accuracy and Completenefs of which the faid Clerks refpeftively (hall make Oath in the Court of the Sheriff Depute or Stewart Depute ; and that the faid Sheriff Clerks or Stewart Clerks fhall receive the aforefaid Books, Regillers and Warrants rcfpedlively, to be depofited with the other Pub.ick Records under their Cuftody and Care, and fhall make and fubferibe full Duplicates of fuch Inventories to be delivered to and depofited by the laid Clerks of Burghs refpe&ively with the other Pubiick Records under their Cuftody and Care.

VIL

 v^»ooQle

»3

VII.	* And, in order that the aforefaid Provifions of this A A

*	refpe&ing the Delivery of the feveral Commiflary or Burgh Record*

*	to the Lord Clerk Regifter and the feveral Sheriff Clerks and ‘ Stewart Clerks refpeAively, may be faithfully and pun&ually carried

*	into Execution Be it ena&ed, That it (hall be competent for the L'irds of Council and Scfiion, on a fummary Complaint by the Lord Clerk Regifter, to infliA inch Penalties, not exceedmg the Sum of Fifty Pounds for each Offence upon any Sheriff Clerk or Stewart Clerk, Burgh Clerk, or CommiflVy Clerk, wilfully refuling or neglediing to comply with the aforefaid Provifions of this A A, and to make fuch further Orders thereon as may appear to them to be ne-ceffary, fuch Penalties being in all Cafes recoverable by the Lord Clerk Regifter, and folely applicable by him to the Purpofes of the Efta-blilhment of His Majefty’s General Regifter Houfe.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That from and after the Expiration of Six Months after tlie palling of this AA* it (hail not be lawful for the Sheriff Clerks or Stewart Clerks of the feveral Shires and Stewartries to ufe any Bocks for the Regiftration of Deeds or other Writings, unlefs the fame fhall have been previoufly marked, at leaft on the fir ft and laft Leaves thereof, and iffued to them by the Lord Cierk Regifter or his Deputies authorized to that EffeA, for each of which Books there (hall n.t be charged more than the prime Coft thereof, together with a Fee to the Deputy Keepers of Records not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling ; and if any Sheriff Clerk or Stewart Clerk fhall ufe any other Books or Regifters than fuch as (hall have been previoufly marked as aforefaid, and iffued to him by the Lord Clerk Regifter or his Deputies, he fhall be liable in a Penalty of Five Pounds Sterling for each Offence, to be recoverable, together with the Expences of Procefs, by the Lord Clerk Regifter, on a fummary Complaint at his In fiance to the Lords of Council and Seffion, (fuch Penalty being in ail Cafes folely applicable by the Lord Clerk Regifter to the Purpofes of the Eftablifhraent of His Majefty's General Regifter Houfe,) and fhall further be bound and obliged again to record the fame Deeds and other Writings or Books duly marked and iffued to him as aforefaid.

IX.	And be it further enaAed, That from and after the Expiration of Six Months after the paffing of this AA, it fhall not be lawful for the Clerks of Royal Burghs to ufe any Books for the Regiftration of Inftruments of Seifin of SuhjeAs holding in Burgage, or for the Deeds and other Inftruments which they are hereby enabled to receive and to record, unlefs fuch Books fhall have been previoufly marked and iffued by the Lord Cierk Regifter, or his Deputies^ in the Manner above direAed, and under the Penalty above provided, in the Cafe of Sheriff Clerks or Stewart Clerks as aforefaid.

X.	And be it further enaAed, That the Sheriffs Depute and Stewarts Depute of the feveral Shires and Stewartries, or their Sub-ftitutes, fhall at leaft once in every Year carefully examine into the Progrefa and State of all the different Records framed and kept by the itfpeAive Sheriff; Clerks and Stewart Clerks, and fhall prepare exaA Reports in Writing,* fettiAg forth the Refult of their Examinations, and particularly fpecifying the State and Situation of the Buildings in which the Records of their refy>tfAive Shires and Stewartries are kept, and how far the Laws and Regulations relative to the feveral Records have been faithfully and punAualfy executed and obeyed $ and

. G 2	the

Penalties on Officer* wilfully refuting or negle&iog.

Sheriff Clerks ih&ll record Deeds and Probative Writs in Hooks marked and iffued by Lord Clerk Regifter.

Penalties on Officers difobeying.

Clerks of Royal Burghs {hall record Seitins, and Deeds in Books marked atid iffued by Lord Clerk Regifter.

Sheriffs Depute {hall annually examine the State of Record Offices, and the Progrgfs and State of Records kept by Sheriff Clerks; and report thereon to the Court of Juftieiary:

 t^ooQle

84

C.42.

49* GEO. III.

A.D.18^5.

Coitrt of Jufti-•iaury (hall direct Inquiries and make Orders tUereoD.

Magidrates of

Royal Burghs {hall annually examine the Frog refs and State of Records; ami report there-©w to the Court of Judiciary.

Regifters by Law traafmiflible periodically to the General Regifter Houfe, Jhall be delivered within Six Months alter Completion. Penalties on Officers dk'obeyin^.

the Sheriffs Depute of the feveral Shires of Edinburgh, Haddington% and Linlithgow, or their Subftitutea refpe&ivcly, (hall in the Month of November in every Year prefent fuch Reports, duly authenticated, to the Lords Comm, iffi oners of Judiciary, at Edinburgh, and the Sheriffs Depute and Stewarts Depute of the other Shires and Stewartries, or their Subftitutcs refpedively, (hall prefent their faid Reports, duly authenticated, to the Lords Commifiioners of Judiciary, at the Circuit Courts that (hall be holden within their refpedive Bounds, in the Autumn of every Year; aud the faid Lords Commifiioners of Judiciary are hereby empowered to make fuch Orders thereon, or dired fuch further Inquiries to be made as may appear to them to be nectfTary, and dired tl cir Clerks to enter the fame in the Minutes of the Court, and thereafter to tranfmit the feveral Reports, with a certified Copy of the Orders that may have been made by them thereon, to the Lord Cleik Regider, at whofe Indance it (hall be competent to prefect to the Lords of Council and Scffion fummary Complaints againft any of the Sheriff Clerks or Stewart Clerks, or their Deputies, on account of any Negled or Malverfation in the Bufinefs of the feveral Records committed to their Care, and for redrelfing and punifhing the fame according to Law.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That the Chief Magidrates of the faid Royal Burghs refpedively, (hall at lead once in every Year carefully examine into the Progrefs and State of all the different Records framed and kept by the refpedive Cleiks of fuch Royal Burghf, and (hall prepare exsd Reports in Writing, in the Manner above dire&cd, in the Cafe of Sheriff Clerks and Stewart Clerks; and fuch Chief Magidrates (hall, in the Month of November in every Year, tranfmit fuch Reports to the Lords Commifiioners of Judiciary at Edinburgh, who are hereby empowered to make Orders, and dired Inquiries in the Manner above provided, in the Cafe of Sheriff Clerks and Stewart Clcrjcs-as aforefaid ; and the Clerks of Judiciary fhall in like Manner tranfmit fuch Reports, with a certified Copy of fuch Orders, to the Lord Clerk Regider, at whofe Indance fummary Complaints may be made agaiud Clerks of Royal Burgh?, in the Manner above directed, in the Cafe of Sheriff Clerks and Stewart Clerks as aforefaid.

XII.	* And Whtreas it is expedient that the Tranfmiffion of the

*	fucctflive Volumes or Books of the feveral Publick Records, from

*	the Offices in which they are formed, to His Majedy’s General 4 Regifbr Houfe, fhould be made with the lead poflible Delay ;* Be it enaded, That within Six Months after the palling of this Ad, the Keepers of the feveral P,ublick Records which are by Law trarfmiffible to His M*jedy*s General Regider Houfe, fhall deliver all the Volumes or Bjpks-of their refpedive Records that are already completed, together with the Minute Books and the Warrants thereof, to the Lord Clerk Regider or his Deputies; and that in all Time coming thereafter the fucctflive Books or Volumes of thefe Records fin 11 in ail Cafes be de ivered to the Lord Clerk Regider or his Deputies within Three Months after the fame have been feverally completed and filled up; and if the Keepers of thefe Records fhall refufe or negled to make fuch .regular Tranfmiffion of the fucceifive Books of their refpedive Records, it* fhall be competent for the Lord Clerk Regider to prefent a fummary Application to the Lords of Council and Seffion, complaining of fuch'Refufal and Negled, by whom Warrants (hall be granted for iffuing Letters of Horning agaioft fuch

Keeper



Google

*5

C.42.

Keeper or Keeper*, in order to enforce Obedience to this Aft, and by whom fuch further Pains and Penalties may be inflift d by Fine, not exceeding Fifty Pounds on fuch Defaulters, a8 in the Circumftances of the Cafe (hall feem juft, to be applied by the Lord Clerk Regifter to the Purpofes of the Eftabliffiment of His Majefty’s General Regifter Houfe.

XIII.	* And, for remedying the Inconveniences that have arifen or 4 may arife from the unneceffary Multiplicity of Writings and Records

*	now in Ufe, as the fucceffive Warrants of Charters and Grants of

*	Lands and other heritable Property, which pafs under the Seal ap-4 pointed by the Treaty of Union to be kept and ufed in Scotland in 4 place of the Great Seal thereof formerly ufed there Be it enafted,

That from and after the Expiration of Six Months after the palling HowWrits under

of this Aft, in expeding fuch Charters and Grants under the aforefaid the Great Seal,

Seal, the Latin Precept under the Signet (hall be fo framed as to be be •xPede«

carried direftly to Chancery without its containing any Order that a

Precept under the Privy Seal (hall be direfted thereupon, and without

fuch Precept under the Privy Seal being made out or recorded, and

fuch Latin Precept under the Signet fhall from thenceforth be received

by the Direftor of His Majefty’s Chancery in Scotland, and by the

Keeper of the Great Seal, as the only legal and fufficicnt Warrants to

them refpeftively for framing Grants in Terms of the fame, and for

appending thereto the Seal appointed by the Treaty of Union to be

kept and ufed in Scotland in place of the Great Seal thereof formerly

ufed there.

XIV.	And be it enafted, That fo long as the Writer to His Compenfation to Majefty’s Privy Seal, and the Keeper of that Seal in Poffeffion of the Officers of the their refpeftive Offices of Writer and Keeper at the Date of the FrivySeal. paffing of this Aft, (hall continue to hold the fame refpeftively and

no longer, the aforefaid Precepts under His Majefty’s Signet fhall be produced to the faid Writer and Keeper or their refpeftive Deputies, by the Clerks to His Majefty’a Signet, by whom the faid Precepts refpeftively have been expede, and the fame Fees heretofore due on the Writing and Sealing of Precepts under the Privy Seal, (hall thereupon be paid to the faid Keeper and Writer refpeftively and their Deputies, of which Payments to them refpeftively a (hort Atteftation (hall be written on the Back of the aforefaid Precepts under the Signet, and fubferibed by the faid Writer and Keeper or their Deputies 5 and if the Direftor of His Majefty's Chancery (hall, during the Period aforefaid, receive as his Warrant for framing any Charter any fuch Precept under the Signet which does not bear the due Atteftations as aforefaid, he (hall be liable in Penalties equal in Amount to the Fees of which the faid Writer or Keeper refpeftively have been deprived ; the aforefaid Penalty, together with the Expences of Procefs, being recoverable by the faid Writer or Keeper on fum-mary Complaints at their Inftance to the Lords of Council and Seffion.

XV.	4 And Whereas it is of great Importance that the Record of 4 Writs paffing under the Great Seal, and which is kept by the

4 Direftor of Chancery, fhould be in all Refpefts complete, authentic,	*

4 and authoritative $ and that an Aft of Sederunt touching that Record 4 was paffed by the Lords of Council and Seffion on the Eleventh Day 4 of February One thoufand eight hundred and eight, to which it is 4 expedient to give the Force and Effcft of a Publick Law ;* Be it enafted. That the Keeper of the Great Seal or his Deputies, inftcad

Ci

of



Google

For rendering the Regifter of the Great Seal complete and authoritative; and tranfmitting thereof to the General Pvegifter Houfe.

Extra&s from Regifter of Great Seal (hall be probative.

Compenfation to Keepers of Records affe&ed by the Operation of this Act;

to be afeertained by Court of Exchequer.

Such Compenfation fhall be paid by Receiver General on Warrant of the Barons.

0.42*	49*	GEO. HI.	A.D. 1809*

of delivering the fealed Charters or other Writs to the Perfons bj

whom thefe have been expede, (hall forthwith deliver the fame, together with the Warrants thereof, to the Director of Chancery or his Deputy, by whom, after making the proper Entries of the Sealing in the Record, the Writs (hall be delivered rcfpe&ively to the Perfons by whom they (hall have been expede ; and the aforefaid Warrants (hall remain in the Pofleffion of the Dirt&or of Chancery, until the fame, together with the Regifter in which the relative Writs have been recorded, (hall be transmitted to His Majefty’s General Regifter Houfe.

XVI.	And be it ena&ed, That Extras of Writs from the Regifter of the Great Seal, of which the Fad and Date of Sealing (hall have been duly recorded, (fuch Extra&s being certified in due Form by the Keepers of the faid Records), (hall make entire Faith in all Cafes, excepting in Cafes of Improbation.

XVII.	* And, in order that permanent Compenfation maybe made

*	to the Clerks of Royal Burghs and their Succcffors in Office, and

*	that Compenfation during their rtfpc&ive Lives or Continuance in

*	Office, may be made to the Clerks of Burghs of Regality and of

*	Barony, and to the Commiffaries and Clerks of Commiflary Courts

*	and other Keepers of Publick Records, for and in refpcA of the

*	Profits and Emoluments of which they will be deprived by the

*	Operation of this A&Be it ena&ed, That the faid feveral Perfons having fuch Claims, and meaning to infill therein, (hall, within Twelve Months after the paffing of this A£fc, prefent the fame to the Court of Exchequer in Scotland\ together with the Vouchers and Evidence by which the fame are meant to be fupported ; and the faid Claims, with the Vouchers thereof, (hall be given out to His Majefty’a Advocate, in order that he may appear and objeft to the fame, if necefTary ; and the Barons of the Exchequer, after due Inquiry made by them into the Circumftances of each Calc, are hereby authorized and required to determine and afeertain the Amount of the Fees and Emoluments of which the aforefaid Claimants (hall have been, or may be deprived by the Operation of this Adi, and what Sums will form a juft and reafonable Compenfation to fuch Claimants refpe&ively, either by annual Payments to the aforefaid Clerks of Royal Burghs and their Succeffors in Office, or by Payments in the grofs, or in Annuities, during their refpedlive Lives or Continuance in Office, and no longer, to the ftveral other aforefaid Claimants, and (hall caufe fuch Determination to be entered in a Roll or Book to be kept for that Purpofe; and fhall report the fame, under their Hands, to Hift Majefty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, and to both Houfesof Parliament.

XVIII.	And be it further enadled, Tnat fo foon as fuch Com«-penfation (hall have been afeertained by the Barons of the Court of Exchequer as aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Barons, and they are hereby diredl-d and required, from Time to Time to iffue their Warrant or Warrants to H;s Majefty’3 Receiver-General for Scotland, who fhall thereupon pay the Sum or Sums fpecified therein to the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto out of any Money then, in his Hands ; and every. Sum fo paid upon any fuch Warrants (hall be allowed in his Account.

CAP.



Google

A.D.i8o$u

49° GEO. III. CAP. XLIII.

C‘43>44*

*1

An A ft for regulating the Mode in which the Average Price of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar, exclufive of the Duty thereon, i$ to be ascertained under the Provifions of an Aft patted in the Forty-fixth Year of His prefent Majefty. [ 12th May 1809.]

f *1T7 HERE AS Doubts have arifcn, as to the Rate of Duty paid

•	VV or payable on Brown or Mufcovado Sugar which fhould be 4 deducted from the Sale Price of fuch Sugar io order to afcertain

*	the average Price thereof, exclufive of the Duty of Cuftoms, and

*	according to which Average the Lords Commifiioners of His

*	Majefty’s Treafury are to be governed in carrying into Effeft the

• Powers vefted in them by an Aft, patted in the Forty*fix:h Year of 4 His prefent* Majefly's Rrign, intituled, An Act for granting to His

• Majefiy, during the prefent War, and for Six Months after the Ex-4 piration thereof by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, 4 additional Duties on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize > imported 4 into and exported from or brought or carried Coafiwife within Great 1 Britain: And whereas it 19 neceffary to remove thofe Doubts Be ft therefore ena&ed by the King's moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the L^rds Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflVmbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Duties of Cuftoms which fhould have been, and which ftiall be deduced from the Price of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar to be publiftied in the London Gazette for the Purpofe of enabling the Lords Commiflioners of the Treafury to cxercife the Power and Authority vefted in them by the faid Aft. with refpeft to the Sufpcnfion in the whole or in part of the additional Duties thereby granted, ftiall be at and after the Rite of Thirty Shillings for every Hundred Weight of fuch Sugar; and that the Average Price thereof, to be fo publiftied in the London Gazette for the Parppfe afore faid, (hall be exclufive of the faid Duty of Thirty Shillings for every Hundred Weight of fuch Sugar; and that the Average Prices of fuch Sugar, to be fo publiftied for the Purpofe aforefaid, ftiall be made up and publiftied in the London Gazette accordingly, at the feveral Periods dire&ed by the faid recited Act, any Law, Cuftom, ©r Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

‘ Aft may be altered this Seffion. § 2.

46 G. 3. c. 4fi.

In afeertaimng the Average • Prices of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar, the Duties of Cuftoms to be dedu&ed ftiall be 309. perCwt.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to permit Goods brought in as Prize, and reftored by the Court of Admiralty, or which have been feized as Droits, and fo reftored, to be fold or transferred within this Kingdom, without paying the Home Confumption Duty.

[l2th May 1809.]

* 'ITTKEREAS it is expedient to permit Goods, Wares, and 4 VV Merchandize, brought into Great Britain as Prize, and 4 reftored by the Court of Admiralty, to be fold or transferred 4 for the Purpofe of Exportation, without Payment of the Home 4 Confumption Duties Be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s moft Exctllent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Par-

G 4	Lament



Google

88

Goods brought in as Prize or feized as Droits fliall not be liable to Duty of Cuftoms, 8cc. on any Sale, if n«t removed from Warehoufe,

except for the Purpofe of Exportation.

From Sept. S9> • 1809, the Admiralty may direct Allowances from the CompalTionate lift of the Nary, and the Half Pay to Marine Officers to be paid at the Refi-dence of the Perfons entitled thereto.

Admiralty may make fuch Regulations as they think requifite for the Payment offach Allowance* and Half Pay.

C.44,4^	49°	GEO.	III.	A.D. 1809,

liament aflVmbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That any

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which fhail have been taken as Prize fince the Commencement, or may be taken during the Continuance of Hoftilities, and which ihall have been, or may be brought into Great Britain by any of His Maiefty’s Ships of War, or by any Private or other Ship or Veflcl .having Commiflion from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or which have been, or may be feized by any Non-commilfioned Vcficl or otherwife, as Droits of Admiralty, and which under any Decree of the Court of Admiralty (hall have been or ihall be reftored to the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, Or to his or their Agent or Agents, ihall not be fubj:*& or liable to the Payment of any Duty of Cuftoms or Excife on account of any Sale or Transfer thereof within this Kingdom, provided that fuch Goods, Warts, and Merchandize are not removed (except for the Purpofe of Exportation only) from the Warehoufe or Warehoufes wherein they ihall have been or may be depolited upon the firft landing thereof; any Law, Cuftom, or Ufage to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithflandiog.

“ Benefit of the A£t extended to certain Goods on board Dani/b Ships 44 feized as Droits of Admiralty. § 2.

CAP. XLV.

An A& for more conveniently paying of Allowances on the Compaflionate Lift of the Navy, and of Half Pay to Officers of the Royal Marines.	[12th May 1809.]

•	TTTHEREAS it would greatly tend to the Comfort and Accom-

•	VV modation of Perfons receiving any Sums of Money or 4 Allowances in confequeoce of their Names being inferted in the 4 Compaflionate Lift of the Navy, eftablilhed under and authorized by 4 virtue of His Majefty’s Order in Council of the Fifteenth Day 4 of February One thoufand eight hundred and nine ; and alfo of the 4 Officers of the Royal Marines entitled to Half Pay, if fuch Allow-4 anccs and Half Pay were paid to the Perfons refpe&ively entitled 4 thereto, at or near to the Places of their Refpe&ive Refidences :

4 May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be ena&ed and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and nine, it (hall be lawful fer the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, to order and dired that all fuch Allowances and Half Pay ihall be paid to the Perfons rcfpe&ively entitled thereto at or near to the Pariihes or Places of their Refidence, in any Part of His Majefty’s Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, by any Perfons appointed to pay the fame.

II.	And be it further ena&ed. That it fhail be lawful for the faid Lord High Admiral, or Commiflioners of the Admiralty, or any Three or more of them, for the Time being, to make fuch Orders, Rules, and Regulations, and from Time to Time to alter the fame in

relation



A.D. 1809.	490 GEO. Ill,	C-4ji	?9

relation to the Payment of any fuch Allowances and Half-Pay to any fuch Perfons fo entitled thereto as aforefaid; and alfo as to any Certificates, Vouchers, Receipts, or Orders for the better regulating,

^managing, and making fuch Payments; and to require fuch Proofs and Affidavits relating thereto as may be requifite for the ordering and fecunng the Payment of fuch Allowances and Half Pay : Provided always, that every fuch Order or Regulation may from Time to Time be revoked or altered by any Warrant, Older, or Iuftru&ion under His Majefty’s Royal Sign Manual.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the Twenty- Perfonssntldel

ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundffed and nine, if any to fuch Allowan-Perfon who fhall be entitled to receive any fuch Allowance (the Names ^ an<1 ***** of fuch Perfons, and the Sums they are refpeftively entitled to, being for that previoufly and from Time to Time tranfmitted to the Commiffioners Purpofe, receiv* of the Navy;) or if any Officer of the Royal Marines on Half Pay, Payments from fhall b« refpe&iveiy defirous to receive fuch Allowance or Half Pay the Receiver-from any Receiver-General of the Land Tax in Great Britain, Colle&or	oT

of the Cuftoms at any Port in Great Britain or Ireland, Colleftor of

the Excife for any Collection in Great Britain or Ireland, or Clerk Cuftoms and of thd Checque at any Dock Yard in Great Britain, near to the Excife, &c. Place of his Kefidence, it fhall be in the Power of fuch Perfon fo entitled to any Allowance, to apply at the Time of iffuing fuch Allowances by Letter to the Commiffioners of the Navy, at their Office in Somerfet Place; and for any Officer of the Royal Marines on Half Pay, at the Time of iffuing fuch Half Pay to apply to the Paymafter of Marines at his Office in London, to have fuch Allowance or fuch Half Pay paid by the faid Receiver-General of the Land Tax, Col-le&or of the Cuftoms, Colle&or of the Excife, or Clerk of the Checque, and fhall at the fame Time tranfmit fuch Vouchers and Documents as fhall be required by the faid Lord High Admiral or Commiffioners of the Admiralty, for the Time being, or any Three of them.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Commiffioners of the Commlffioner*

Navy, or the faid Paymafter of Marines, on being fatisfied of the of the Navy, &e. Juftice of the faid Claim, fhall refpe&ively order and direft Two todir#&Two Remittance Bills to be made out for the Allowance or Half Pay due	B'lls	to

to fuch Perfon or Officer; which faid Bills fhall be Duplicates of each beraadcout, other, and fhall be joined together by oblique Lines, Flourifhes, or payable to fuch Devices, and fhall be made payable to fuch Perfon, or to fuch Officer, Perfons by the by the Receiver-General of the Land Tax, Colle&or of the Cuftoms, Receiver-Gene* ColJc&or of the Excife, or Clerk of the Checque to whom the faid 9 c* Remittance Bills fhall be addreffed; and fuch Remittance Bills, being

numbered and dated, fhall be figned by a Commiffioner of the Navy, or the faid Paymafter of Marines, and fhall be attefted by a Perfon to be refpe&ively appointed by the Treafurer of the Navy or Paymafter to collect and manage the aforefaid Documents and Vouchers, to prepare fuch Remittance Bills, apt! keep Accounts thereof; and fuch Remittance Bills, being written or printed, (hall be according to the Tenor and Form following, or to the like Effeft :

1 N° I.	Day	of	Fom of Bah.

‘ Sir,

* DAY to A. B. of	on	his	producing	and

? delivering the Duplicate hereof, the Sum of

4 being

 LjOOQle

90

One Duplicate dull be fent to the Perfon named therein, and the other to the Receiver-General, &c. who fliall on Production of the ether DupEcate pay the Sum contained therein, &c.

C.45.	49°	GEO.	nr.	A.D.i8o^i

*	being for the ^ HatfPay *}	to	A.	B>	at	a

•	[or, Half Pay Officer or Marines, at the Cafe may Je,] on the

•	Day of	laft,	if the fame be demanded within Six

•	Calendar Months from the Date hereof, otherwife you are to return

•	this Bill to the Treafurer of the Navy [or, Paymafter of Marines,3

*	at his Office ia London*

* r t\ f Commiflioner of the Navv. Paymafter.

* Attefted by E. F. [Dfcriptlon^

*	To the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County of

*	The Collector of the Cuftoms at the Port of f The Collc&or of the Exeife at

« The Clerk of the Checque at

* By virtue of the A& 49 George the Third. * N. B. The forging of this Remittance Bill, or procuring

•	any other Perfon to forge the fame, in order

•	to receive any Part of the Monies hereby

•	payable, is made Felony by the A & Forty-1 ninth George the Third.*

And fo foon as the faid Bills are made out and figned, the refpe&ive Perfons to be appointed by the faid Treafurer or Paymafter fhall cut or caufe them to be cut afunder, through the oblique Lines, Flourifhes, nr Devices 5 and fhall caufe one Duplicate to be tranfmitted to the Perfon or Officer named therein, to whom the Money fhall be made payable, and the other Duplicate to be tranfmitted to the Receiver* General of the Land Tax, Colle&or of the Cuftoms, Colle&or of the Exeife, or Clerk of the Checque, to whom the fame fhall be addreflVd; and if the Duplicate of fuch Bill fhall be produced by the Perfon or Officer to whom the fame fhall be made payable, to fuch R' ceiver* General of the Land Tax, Colle&or of the Cuftoms, Colle&or of the Exeife, or Clerk of the Checque, to whom the fame fhall be ad* dreffed, within Six Calendar Months from the Date thereof, he fhall carefully examine the fame with the Duplicate tranfmitted to him as aforefaid ; and being (atisfied of the Authenticity thereof, and of the Identity of the Perfon or Officer producing the fame to him, he fhall immediately pay the Sum mentioned therein to fuch Perfon or Officer, without Fee or Reward, or Dedu&ion on any Pretence whatever, taking a Receipt for fuch Payment on the Back of the Bill; which Bill, and the Duplicate thereof, being tranfmitted by the Perfon who fhall pay the fam$ to the Treafurer of the Navy, fhall be immediately repaid by the faid Treafurer to fuch Receiver General, Colle&or of the Cuftoms, Colle&or of the Exeife, or Clerk of the Ciecque, or his Order ; and the Payments thus made by the faid Trealurer of the Navy, on account of Marine Officers Half Pay, fhall be re-allowed him out of the Monies iffued to the faid Paymafter; but in cafe the Duplicate of any foch Bill fhall not be fo produced, and Payment thereof demanded within Six Calendar Months from the Date thereof* then the faid Receiver-General ef the Land Tax, Co’le&or of the Cuftoms, Colle&or of the Exeife, or Clerk of the Checque, fhall return the Duplicate thereof in his Hands to the faid Treafurer or Paymafter at their refpeftive Offices in London, who fhall caufe the

fame

 C^ooQle

A«D.i8o9*	490 GEO. III.	C.45.	f	r

fame to be cancelled5 and thereupon the Sum contained in fuch Bill (hall become payable to the Perfon or Officer in whofe Favour it was drawn, or to the refpe£Uve lawful Representatives, in cafe of the Death of fuch Perfon or Officer, in the fame Manner as if fuch Bill had never been iflued.

V.	Provided always, and be it further ena&cd, That if any Re* Receiver-Gene-ceiver-General of the Land Tax, Colle&or of the Cuftoms, Colie&or “b

of the Excife, or Clerk of the Checque, to whom the Duplicate of on any fuch Bill (hall be tendered for Payment, fhall not have in his Hands Date ofhshdng Publick Monies Sufficient to anfwer the fame, and (ball for that Reafon tendered, in cafe refufe or delay the immediate Payment thereof, fuch Receiver-General he has not Pub-of the Land Tax, Colle&or of the Cuftoms, Colle&or of the Excife, Monies in or Clerk of the Checque, (hall immediately indorfe-pn the faid Duplicate lus	‘.J° -

the Date of its being fo tendered to him, and the Caufe of his Refufal appoint a or Delay to pay the fame, and (hall appoint thereon for the Payment Day of Payment of the fame fome future Day, within the Space of One Month at the within a Month, fartheft from its being fo firft tendered to him as aforefaid; and fuch Duplicate, with the Indorsement thereon, fhall be immediately delivered back to the Perfon or Officer prefenting the fame; and if upon Penalty on Complaint made to the refpe&ive Commiffioners appointed or to be Perfons delaying appointed to manage the faid fcveral Duties of Land Tax, Cuftoms, or Excife, or to the Commiffioners of the Navy if the Perfon com- Ce .	.

plained of be a Clerk of the Checque, it fhall appear that fuch Receiver-General of the Land Tax, Coile&or of the Cuftoms, Colle&or of the Excife, or Clerk of the Checque, hath unneceffarily or wilfully refuted or delayed the Payment of fuch Bill, or dire&ly or indiredly, by bimfelf or any Perfon under him, received or taken any Fee,

Reward, Gratuity, Difcount, or Deduftion whatfoever, on account of the Payment of the fame, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more of the faid Commiffioners to convi& and fine the Perfon under their Direction fo offending, in any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence 5 and fuch Fine fhall be levied aod recovered in fuch and the fame Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as any Penalty or Fine may be levied and recovered for any Offence againft the Laws of Cuftoms or Excife; and the faid Fine, when recovered, fhall be paid to the Informer or Informers.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed. That if fuch Perfon or Officer to On Certificate of whom the Remittance Bill fhall be made payable, fhall be refpe&ively lafinnity being prevented and difabled by bodily Infirmity from appearing in Perfon Pro<koed> the before the faid Receiver-General of the Land Tax, Colie&or of the rai^&c^auth^ Cuftoms, Colle&or of the Excife, or Clerk of the Checque; and fuch rized to pay the bodily Infirmity being properly and fatisfa&orily certified by the Contents of the Mini Iter and a Churchwarden or Elder of the Parifh where fuch Perfon to the Order or Officer fhall refide, or by the Phyfician, Surgeon, or Apothecary

attending him, then and in fuch Cafe, the Sum contained in fuch Bill entl * fhdl be paid to the Order in Writing of fuch Perfon or Officer, upon producing and giving up to fuch Receiver-General of the Land Tax,

Collector of the Cuftoms, Collector of the Excife, or Clerk of the Checque, fuch Certificate of bodily Infirmity as aforefaid, together with a Duplicate of the faid Bill, and a proper Receipt on the Back' of the fame. Signed by the Perfon or Officer in whofe Favour the Bill (hall have been drawn* and witneffed by the Perfon who fhali receive the Money.

VtL



9*

Alignments of Allowances and Hall Pay void*

Letters and Packets to be free of Poftage.

fttG.3. c.95.

Bilk paid by the Treafurer, &c. Audi be fufheient Vouchers.

Pun!foment for perforating Parties entitled toPenfions, 14 Years Tranf-poriation*

Punrfoment for forging Bills or Certificates, &c. 14 Years Tranfportation.

C.4;.	49° GJEO. III.	A.D. 1809.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That all Alignments, Bargains,

Sales, Orders, Contrada, Agreements, or Securities whatfoever, which (hall be given or made by any Perfon entitled to any fuch Allowance, or by any Half Pay Officer of Royal Marines, relating to fuch Allowances, or to their Half Pay, (hall be absolutely null and void, to all Intents and Purpofes.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That all Letters and Packets fent by the Diredion of the Treafurer of the Navy in carrying this Ad into Execution, (hall be free from the Duty of Poftage, and (hall be tranfmitted under Covers, with the Words 4‘ Purfuant to Ad of Parliament Forty- ninth of George the Third,11 printed upon the fame ; and (hall be tranfmitted by the Perfon appointed to fend Letters and Packets under the Authority of an Ad, paffed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Ad for effiabli/bing a more eafy and expeditious Method for the punQual and frequent Payment of the Wages and Pay of certain Officers belonging to His MajcJly i Navy, under and fubjed to the fame Rules, Regulations, and Penalties, as are preferibed by the faid Ad, with refped to the Letters and Packets thereby authorized to be fent free of the Duty of Poftage.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That all and every fuch Remittance Bill and Remittance Bills herein before direded to be made out, and which (hall be paid by the Treafurer of the Navy or Payncafter of Marines in Manner a9 aforefaid, (hall be deemed and taken as good and (ufficient Vouchers to the Treafurer of the Navy and Paymafter of Marines, for fo much Money as (hall have been fo direded to be paid on ftfch Bill or.Bills refpt&ively, and as (hall have been fo paid by either of them thereon, and (haU be allowed as fuch in paffing their refpedtive Accounts.

X.	And be it further enaded, That, from and after the paffing of this Ad, if any Perfon (hall wilfully and knowingly perlonate, or falfely afiume the Name or Charader of, or procure any other Perfon to perfonate, or falfely to aflume the Name or Charader of any Perfon entitled, or fuppoftd to be entitled, to any. fuch Allowance aforefaid, or of any Officer of the Royal Marines on Half Pay as aforefaid, in order to receive fuch Allowance or Half Pay, or any Part thereof, every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being lawfully convided thereof, (hall be deemed guilty of Felony, and may be tranfported for fuch Period, not exceeding Fourteen Years, as the Court (hail adjudge.

XI.	And be it further enadcd. That if any Perfon (hall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully ad or affift in forging and counterfeiting, the Name or Hand-writing of any Perfon or Officer entitled to any fuch Allowance, or to fuch Half Pay, or of any Perfon or Perfons required by any Rules or Regulations made under and by virtue of this Ad, to fign any Remittance Bill, Ceitificatc, Voucher, or Receipt in relation to the Payment of any fuch Allowance or Half Pay, tor and in order to the receiving or obtaining any Money on any fuch Allowance or Half Pay 5 or (hall utter as true any faife, forged, or counterfeited Remittance Bill, Certificate, Voucher, or Receipt, knowing the fame to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intention to defraud any Perfon whatfoever, every fuch Perfon fo offending, being thereof lawfully convided, (hall be and he is hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of Felony; and may be tranfported for fuch Period, not exceeding Fourteen Years, as the faid Court (hall adjudge*



Google

AD.iSopt	49°	GEO.	III.	C.45,4<&

•XII. And be it further enafted, That all Orders, Certificates, Vouchers, Remittance Bills, and Receipts, for or relating to any fuch Allowance or Half Pay as aforefaid, (hall be free from all Duties of Stamps, and be good, valid, and effeftual, although the fame (hall not have been ftamped; any Thing in any Aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XLVI.

An A& to authorize the Principal Officers of the Cuftoms in the Britijh Colonies and Plantations in America and the Wejl Indies to examine Witnefles on Oath. [12th May 1309.]

•	TTTHEREAS by an Aft paffed in the Twcnty-fixth Year of 4 VV the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Act for 4 regulating the Production of Manifejls, and for more effectually preventing 4 fraudulent Praftices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the 4 clandejline relanding of Goods, the Surveyor General or Surveyors-4 General of the Cuftoms in the Port of London, upon Examination's 4 and Inquiries relative to the Revenue of Cuftoms, and to the Con-4 duft: of the Officers employed therein, arc authorized to examine 4 all Perfons who may appear before them upon Oath -} and the like 4 Power is alfo given to the Colleftors and Comptrollers of the 4 Cuftoms at the Out-Ports of Great Britain, by an Aft palled in 4 the Forty-third Year of His Maj^fty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for 4 the further Regulation of the Colleftion of the Duties of Cujloms in 4 Great Britain in certain Cafes : And Whereas it is expedient, that

•	upon the like Examinations and Inquiries to be made by or before

•	the Colleftors and Comptrollers of any of the Ports in the Britijh 4 Colonies and Plantations in America and the Wejl Indies, or by or 4 before fuch other Perfon or Perfons a3 the Commiffioners of the

•	Cuftoms in England for the Time being fhall deem fit and proper,

4 to examine and inquire into Matters relative to the Revenue of 4 Cuftoms and other Duties, and refpefting the Conduft of the Prirr-

•	cipal Officers, and any Officers whatever employed under them, in 4 the Britijh Colonies and Plantations in America and the Wejl Indies, 4 and (hall or may from Time to Time appoint for the Purpofe of 4 making any fuch Examinations and Inquiries, the like Power to 4 examine all Perfons who may appear before them upon Oath, (hould 4 be given to the faid Colleftors and Comptrollers, and fuch other 4 Perfon or Perfons aforefaid refpeftively j* Be it therefore enafted by-the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this Aft, all and each and every Perfon and Perfons who (hall be examined as a Witncfs or Witness, on any Enquiry direfted by the Commiffioners of the Cuftoms in England for the Time being, or any Four or more of them, to be made in America or the Wefi Judies, relative to His Majefty’s Revenue of Cuftoms or other Duties there, or to the Conduft: of the Officers employed ia the Colleftion thereof, by or before any Colleftor and Comptroller of the Cuftoms or either of them, at or belonging to any Port in the Britijh Colonies and Plantations in America or the Wejl Indies, or by or before fuch other Perfon or Perfons as (hall be appointed by the faid Commiffioners, or any Four or more of them, for

I	the

n

Bills and Certificates, &c. exempted bom Stamp Duties.

26 G.a. c.40t> $28.

43 G. a. c. its; §3.

On Inquiries ia America or the. Weft Indies, relative to the Duties of Cuftoms, Tefti-mony fhall be given on Oath before the Collectors, See.

 C^ooQle

Perfons making a 1'alfe Oath ttmll be guilty of Perjury.

46 U 3. c. 11#.

Fruit, Wlne,8cc. the Produce of Europe South of Cape Finifterre may be flapped for Exportation thence, direct to the feveral North American Ports Herein mentioned, in Britifh Veifels, arriving wirh Britifli American Produce, or Fifh, &c, to the Truth of which the Matters of 'Veflels fhall make Oath, &c.

C.46,47.	49® GEO. III.	A.D. 1809.

the Purpofe sfortfaid, (hall and they are hereby refpedively required to deliver his, her, or their Teftimony on Oath, to be adminittered by the faid Officer or Officers, or the faid other Perfon or Perfons fo appointed as aforcfaid, refpectiveiy, who (hall examine him, her, or them, or before whom he, (he, or they (hall be examined as aforefaid, and fuch Officer and Officers, and Pcrlon or Perfons rcfpcttivcly, are hereby authorized to admmi'ter fuch Oath accordingly.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfon# whomsoever (hall be convicted of making a falfc Oath touching any of the Fafts directed or required by this Ad to be teftified on Oath, or of giving falfe Evidence on his, her, or their Examination on Oath as aforefaid, by or before any Collector and Comptroller of the Cuttoms, of, at, or belonging to any Port in the Wejl Indies or America., or either of them, or fuch other Perfon or Pcitous appointed as aforcfaid, in conformity to the Directions of this Adi, inch Perfon or Perfons fo convicted as afortTaid (hall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and (hall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Perfons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

CAP. XLVII.

An A& to permit certain Articles, the Growth, Produflion, or Manufacture of Europe, to be laden and {hipped on board Ships arriving with Britifh North American Produce, and Fifh taken by Settlers in the Briti/b North American Colonies, at any Port of Europe, in order to be exported to the principal Ports in the Britijh Colonies and Plantations in North America.	[ 12th May 1809.]

4 TT THERE AS it is expedient that the Permiffion granted by an 4 V? A£t of the Forty-fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent 4 Majcfty, tor allowing an Intercourfe between the Colonies of Sit 4 Majelty in North America and Malta and Gibraltar, fhould be ex-4 tended to other Parts of Europe •/ Be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s moft Excellent Maielly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lord* Spiritual ana Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the paffing of this A£t any Fruit, Wine, Oil, Salt, or Cork, the Produce of any Part of Europe South of Cape Finijltrre, may be (hipped and laden in any Port or Place whatever in fuch Parts of Europe for Exportation direct to the feveral Ports hereafter mentioned : that is to fay, the Port of St. John'* in the Province of New Brutifwick, St. John 8 in the Ifland ol Newfoundland, Quebec in the Province of Canada, Sydney in the Ifland of Cape Breton, Halifax and Shelburn iir the Province of Nova Scotia, and Charlotte Town in Prince Edward Ifland\ all in North America, on board any Briti/b Ship or Vcflei owned, navigated, and regiftered according to Law, which (hall have arrived at fuch Port or Place in Europe with Articles of the Growth or Produce of the faid Colonies, or with Fiffi taken and cured by His Majeity’s Subjects carrying on the Fifheries from any of the faid Colonies or Plantations, or from Great Britain or Ireland: Provided always, that upon the Arrival of fuch Ship or Veffel in any Port of Europe with any fuch Cargo as aforefaid, the Mafter or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of fuch Ship or 4	Veffel



490 GEO. III.

C.47.

vs

Veffel (hall make Oath before the JBriti/b Conful there refident, or if there (hall be no Britijb Conful there refident, then before Two known Britijb Merchants there refident, (which Oath he and they refpedfcively is and are hereby authorized and required to adminifter), that the whole C$rgo of fuch Ship or Veffel is entirely the Growth and Produce of the faid Britijb Colonies, or the Produce of the Britijb F;faeries in North America really and bond jide taken aad cured by His Majefty’s Subjtdls carrying on the faid Fifaeries from fome or one of the faid Colonies or Plantations, or from Great Britain or Ireland; and before the faid faip or Veffel (hall clear out from fuch Port or Place in Europe for any of the feveral enumerated Ports in the Britjh Colonies in North America, the Matter or other Perfon having the Charge of fuch Ship or Veffel (hall, in like Manner, make Oath before fuch Perfon or Pcrfons as afertfaid, (which Oath fuch Perfon or Perfons are hereby author’zed to admimfter), that the feveral Articles the Produce of Europe, (hipped on board fuch Ship or Veffel, have been fo (hipped in return for the Cargo of Articles ©f Produce of the Britijb North American Colonies, or of the Fifaeries carried on from thence, previoufly brought by fuch Ship or Veffel to fuch Port or Plac£ in Europe as aforefaid.

II.	And be it further ena&ed. That upon the Importation of the faid Articles, the Produce of 'Europe, into the feveral Ports before enumerated, the fame (hall be fubjedt and liable to the Payment of fuch* Duties as Goods of the like Denomination or Defeription are now fubjadi and liable to, upon being legally imported into the faid feveral Porte.

III.	And be it further enadted, That if any Goods, Wares, or

Merchandize of the Growth, Produ&ion, or Manufadfcure of Europe, except fuch as are herein-before enumerated, (hall be laden and (hipped on board any fuch Ship or Veffel as aforefaid, in order to be exported to any of the faid feveral other Ports before enumerated, or to any other Port or Place whatever to His Majefty belonging, or which (hall hereafter belong to or be in the Poffeffion of His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflbrs, in Ajba, Africa, or America% all fuch Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, together with the Ship or Veffel in or onboard which the fame (hall be laden or (hipped, and all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, (hall be forfeited: Provided always, that nothing herein contained (ball fubjedt to Forfeiture any *Salt, the Produce of Europe, intended for the Ufe of the Britijb Fifaeries of Nova Scotia, Newjoundland, or Quebec, (hipped in a~*y Part of Europe whatever; or any Goods fit aud neceffary for the Fifaery in any of the Briti/h Colonies or Plantations in America, being the Growth, Produce, or Manufa&ure of Great Britain or Ireland,\ or of the	of	Guerufey and Jerfey, (hipped and laden in the faid

Idands refpcdfcivtly, by any of the Inhabitants thereof 5 or any Wined of the Growth of the Madeiras or the Wejlern Iflands of Azores, (hipped and laden at thofe Places refpe&ively, the faid Goods, Wares* and Merchandize refpedtlvely being (hipped and laden according to th« Laws in force, on and immediately before the patting of this Adt.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That any Ship or Veffel, or any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, fubjedt to Forfeiture under the Pro* vilions of this Adt, (hall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuttoms in the faid Colonies or Plantations refpedtively, or by Jbe Cqipmdiukr of any of His Majefty’s Ships or Veffeis of War, and

’v ‘ *	■	the

Article* on Importation f abject to Duty.

Ne Goods but fuch as before enumerated (hall be exported, &c. on Pain of Forfeiture, exeept European Salt, or Britifh Goods for the Britifh Fifherie* of Nora Scotia, &c. and Wines af the Madeira* •

Seizures under this A£t may be made by any Officer of trie Cidioms, See*



9<J	C.47,4?.	49® GEO. HI.	A.D.i8o9«

the fame (hall and may be profecuted, fued for, recovered, and divided in the fame Manner and Form, and by the fame Rules and Regulations, in all Refpefts as far as the fame are applicable, as any other Forfeiture impofed by any Aft or Afts made for the Security of the Revenue* or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, or for the Regulation of Trade or Navigation, and which were in force on and immediately before the pafiing'of this Aft, may be profecuted, fued for, recovered, and divided in any Britj/b Colony or Plantation in America.

CAP. XL VIII.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Aft paffed in the laft Seflion of Parliament, for enabling His Majefty to eftablifh a Permanent Local Militia Force in Scotland, under certain Reftriftions for the Defence of the Realm.

[20th May 1809.]

“ 4* G.S.c. 150. recited; Deficiencies and Vacancies may be direft.d • to be fupplied by Order of Secretary of State without His Majelty’s r Warrant. § 1. Volunteers allowed to enter whether any Ballot ** direfted or not, until Local Militia is complete, f 2. Vacancies 44 (hall be filled up notwithstanding the Number of fuch Militia and u Volunteers exceed Six times the Quota of the Regular Militia. § 3. 44 But fuch Deficiencies fhall not be fupplied until the Number be 44 reduced below the Proportion required. § 4. Local Militia Men 44 may enlill into the Regular Militia, [of their own County, See 44 49 G. 3. c. 129.] except during annual Training. § j. Penalty 44 on Officer, See. enlifting a Local Militia Man during fuch Period 44 of Training 2c/. § 6. How Vacancies by Promotion of Corporals •4 and Serjeants, and by enlifting, fhall be filled up. J 7. Deputy 44 Lieutenants may make new Apportionments where requifite. § 8. 14 Lieutenancy fhall fix by Ballot the Order in which Divifions and 44 Parifhes fhall fupply Deficiencies by Promotion of Privates to be 44 Serjeants or Corporals. § 9. Deputy Lieutenants (hall regulate 44 Inequalities of Numbers in Divifions or Parifhes. § 10.

48 G. 3. c. iso. XI. Provided always, and be it further cnafted, That from and § 28. as to	aftCr the	Firft Day	of January One thoufand eight hundred and ten.

Bounties to	fo much	of the faid	Recited Aft as enafts, that any Perfon who fhall

tarily^nrolling voluntarily enroll himfelf to ferve in the Local Militia under the faid themfelves recited Aft of the laft Seflion of Parliament (except Members of repealed;except Volunteer Corps transferring tbemfelves) fhall be entitled to receive as to Members of the Sum of Two Guineas, to be paid upon bis Enrolment, over and Volunteer Corps. a^ove any Sum to which he may be entitled for Neccffaries, fhall be Heritors may	and the	fame is hereby repealed: Provided always, that it fhall and

Sj.v* 1a Bounty	may \yC	lawful for	the Heritors of any Parifh, being Proprietors of

to Volunteers619 ^ands the Parifh to the Extent of at lead One hundred Pounds Scofs of valued Rent appearing in the Land Tax Books of the County within which fuch Parifh is fituated, at any Meeting to be holden for that Purpofe, to be called by any Two or more fuch Heritors, upon Notice to that EfFeft given from the Pulpit on any Sunday at lcaft Five Days previous to fuch Meeting, to agree to give a Bounty to any Perfons voluntarily enrolling themfelves in the Local Militia for fuch Parifh, provided that fuch Bounty or Sum of Money fhall in no Cafe exceed the Sum of Two Guineas for each Perfon, to be paid upon



A.D. 1809;	49°	GEO.	III.	C.48,49,

Enrolment, cxclufive of Neceffaries; and it (hall and may be lawful

for fuch Heritors to affefs Sums equal to all fuch Bounties upon the Heritors within fuch Parifh, in proportion to the valued Rent of every fuch Heritor within the Parifh j and One Half of every Sum fo afftffed fhail be paid by the Tenant or Tenants of the Land upon which the fame (hall be affcffed*

Bounty to Perfons enrolling in Local Militia (hall be deduced “ from the Bounty, on enlifting into the Line within Twelve Months:

44 and Half if within Two Years. § 12.

XIII. And be it further enaded, That fo much of the faid recited 48g. 3. c. 150. Ad of the lafl S ffion of P rliament as enads or requires that any § 58. requiring Sums of Money advanced or p:id for the Bounties of Two Guineas Bounties to bt allowed by the faid recited Ad, to Perfons voluntarily enrolling them- »ffe^d°a felve3 in the Local Militia, or transfermij themfches from Volunteer Corps into the Local Militia, (hall be afTrffed upon any Parifhes in any *

County or Stewarty, fhdl be and the fame is hereby repealed.

“ No Bounties to Members of Volunteer CorpB, unlefs ferving before “ this Ad. § 14. Volunteers transferred into Local Militia fhail not “ be liable to ferve in Regular Militia. § 15. Officers commanding 44 Volunteers transferred into Local Militia fliall retain their Com-“ mands. § 16. Lieutenant-Colonels-Commandant fhail command 44 Lieutenant-Colonels. § 17. Rank of Yeomanry Officers, and “ Officers of Local Militia. §18,19. Vice-Lieutenants may grant ** Commiffions. § 20. No Stamp Duty on Commifiions in Local Militia. {21. B lls for Pay and Allowance to, and for remitting 44 Money on account of, Local Militia, &c. may be drawn on undamped 44 Paper. § 22. Where Towns in the County, &c. do not afford Ac-44 commodation for quartering Local Militia, they may be marched 44 into an adjoining County. § 23. Adjutants and Non-commiffioned 44 Officers of Local Militia may train Regular Militia Men until 44 marched to their Regiment. § 24.	[But fee 49 G. 3. c. 82. § 2.]

44 Colonels may appoint Quarter Matters of Regiments of Local 44 Militia. § 25. Qualification for Officers of [Local"] Militia may be 44 in any Part of Great Britain. § 26. [See 49 G. 3. c. 82. §3.]

•‘Serjeants, &c. of Local Militia not to be allowed to.enliff in 44 Regulars without Confent of Commanding Officer. $ 27. Men 44 fhail not change their Regiments on Removing from One Part of the 44 County to another. $ 28. Men fhail not remove while the Regiment 41 is affembled. § 29. Local Militia fhail not be fubjed to Mutiny Ad,

44 unlefs when receiving Pay or embodied. § 30. This Ad and recited 44 A#d fhail be conftrued as One Ad. §31. Ad may be altered this 44 Seffion. § 32.

49 G. 3. c. 40. for the Local Militia of England, as to the ScQioni here abridged. J

CAP. XLIX.

'An Ad to authorize His Majefty to permit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, any Goods and Commodities to be imported into and exported from Nova Scotia and New Brunfwtck, in any Ship or Veflel whatfoever.	[30th	May	1809.]

. 49 Geo. III.	H	f	WHEREAS



9^	C.4M»*	49c GEO. Ilf.	A.t>.	180^.

•	TTTHEREAS by an Adi parted in the Fort y-feve nth Year of

47 G. 3. c.38.	4 VV His Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for permitting, until

4 the Twenty [fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nine>

•	and from thence to the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament, the

•	Importation of certain enumerated Articles into the Britifh Colonies on the 4 Continent of North America from the United States of America, and 4 the Exportation of other enumerated Articles from the fame Colonies to the 4 faid States, it wa3 entdled, that it fhould be lawful in any Britifh

•	Ship owned and navigated according to Law, or any Ship belonging

•	to any of the Subjedta of the United States of America, to import 4 from the faid States into fuch Ports as fhould be fpecially appointed 4 for that Purpofe by H»s Majefty, within the Province of Nova Scotia 4 or New Brunfwick, certain Articles enumerated in the faid Adi;

•	and that it fhould be lawful in any fuch Ship to export from the faid 4 Port fo to be appointed to the faid United States, certain Articles 4 in the faid Adi alfo enumerated, fubjedl to certain Provifions and 4 Regulations thereto contained and provided : And Whereas it is 4 expedient to authorize the Importation to and Exportation from the 4 Provinces of Nova Scotia and New Brunfwick of any Articles in any 4 Ships or Veflels, under certain Limitations and Rcftridtions*/ Be it enadled by the King’s moft Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament artemblcd, and by the Authority of the fame.

Any Goods may That, from and after the parting of this Adi it fhall be lawful, in any be imported into Ship or Veflel in any Manner owned or navigated, to import into and fron^Nwa.6	cxPort. anY P°rt or P°rt8 within the Province of Nova Scotia or

Scotia or New	New Brunfwick, which fhall be fpecially appointed for that Purpofe

Brunfwick in any by His Majefty by Order in Council, any Goods or Commodities Ships whatever, which His Majefly by Order in Council fhall fpecially authorize and allow to be fo imported and exported refpedlively, any Law to the contrary notwithflanding.

II. And be it further enadled, That it fhall be lawful for His Majefty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to make fuch Rules and Regulations for the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities as atorefaid, with fuch Penalties and For* feitures for the Breach thereof as fhall feem fit and necertary to His Majefty by and with the Advice aforefaid.

4‘ Continuance of Adi 25 March 1812. §3.

under Urder in Council.

His Majefty in Council may make Regulations for that Purpofe.

CAP. L.

An Adi to amend fo much of an Adi made in the Thirty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, for granting to His Majefty certain Stamp Duties, as relates to the Limitation according to which the Difcount on Newfpapers is regulated.

[20th May 1809.]

* TTTHEREAS by an Adi made in the Thirty-feventh Year of 07 G. n.c. to. * VV the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Aft fot4 13.3.36.	4 granting to His Majefly certain Stamp Duties on the feveral Matters

4 therein mentioned, and for better fecuring the Duties on Certificates to be 4 taken out by Solicitors, Attorniesy and others praftifing in certain 4 Courts of JuJlice in Great Britain, it was amonglt other Things 4 enadled, that certain Allowances by way of Difcount fhould be paid

4 for



A.t). 1809.	490 GEO. lit.	0.50,51.'	99

*	for every Newfpaper which fhould be fold at a Price not exceeding

*	Sixpence, and alfo to Proprietors and Printers of Newfpapers under

*	certain Circumftances, who fhould not advance the Price of their

*	Newfpapers above the then ufual Price at which fuch Newfpapers

*	were fold, more than the Amount of the Duty by that Aft impofed

*	thereon * And Whereas fince the palling of the faid recited Aft,

*	the Price of Paper and Expences of Printing are very much in-‘ creafed1, and it is therefore teafonable that the Price at which the € Allowances mentioned in the faid recited Aft (hall be granted,

*	fhould be further extended ;* Be it therefore enafted by the Kingr8 inpft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled and by the Authority of the fame, That it fhall be Difcount fhall b# lawful for the Commiffioners of Stamp Duties, and they are hereby allowed under Required to make the Allowances by way of Difcount in the faid ^withftSdi t recited Aft, direfted to be made to the Proprietors and Printers of the Price of a Newfpapers, or Papers containing Publick News, Intelligence, or Oc- Newfpaper be * currences, notwithftanding fuch Proprietors and Printers fhall have nufed^cU advanced or fhall advance the Price of their Papers ; provided the fame

fhall not have been or fhall not be advanced more than One Halfpenny above the Price at which they were entitled to the Allowances of fuch Difcount as afbrefaid, under the faid recited Aft.

CAP. LI.

An Act to continue until the Firft Day of Augttjl One thoufand eight hundred and ten, and amend certain Afts for appointing Commiffioners to inquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquifites, and Emoluments received in feveral Publick Offices in Ireland > to examine into any Abufes which may exifl in the fame, and into die Mode of receiving, collefting, ifluing, and accounting for Publick Money in Ireland.	[20th May 1809.]

i( 44 G. 3. c. 106. continued by 45 G. 3. c. 6j. and as continued and amended by 47 G. 3. Se/f. 1. c. 41. further continued. § 1.

■ II. * And Whereas various Charges are fet forth in the Publick

*	Accounts of Ireland, or Balances due by Perfons entrufted with the

*	Receipt, Cuftody, or Colleftion of His Majefty’s Revenues there,

*	and feveral Sums appear in the faid Accounts to be in Arrear Be

it further enafted, That the Commiffioners appointed under the faid Commiffionert

recited Afts fhall and they are hereby empowered and required to pro- ^er rec,ted

ceed as foon as may be to inveftigate and examine into all Balances ^in efttoeUia

and Arrears due unto His Majefty, for or on account of any Sum or Balances and

Sums received for his Ufe, and into all Arrears of any Revenue, Tax, Arrears of

Charge, or Impofition, remaining or alledged to remain due or unpaid, Publick

and to fettle and afeertain the fame, and to ftate feparately fuch Parts Accountant*.

of fach Balances and Arrears, as (hall appear to them infolvent, and

for the Recovery of which they fhall not think it advifeable that legal

Procefs fhould be mftituted or continued, with their Reafon for fo

thinking, fet forth in each Cafe, and in like Mannef to ftate feparately

all the other Parts of fuch Balances and Arrears which they fhall

not deem infolvent, with their Opinions as to the Means which ought

to be purfued, and againft whom and in what Manner for the Re*

covery of each $ and alfo fucb general Rules or Regulations as they

H 2	Oiay

 i^.ooQle

IOO

C. 51,53*53.	490	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1809.

may think proper to be adopted, for keeping down all fuch Balances and Arrears in biture, and for the more eafily afeertaining from Time to Time fuch Parts thereof as may be ufolvent, and recovering all the other Parts with the leall Delay and Expence.

44 Powers of recited A As extended to this A A. §3. fri/b Treafury 4C may ifTue 4,00c/. in addition to former Sums for the Purpofes of “ this AA. § 4. Continuance of A A ill Augujl 1810. § 5.

CAP. LII.

An AA for raffing the Sum of Six Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thoufand efght hundred and nine.	[20th	May	1809.]

44 Treafury may raife 6,000,000/. by Exchequer Bills, as under 44 48 G. 3 c. 1.—Payable out of the firft Supplies in the next •* Seflion. § I, 2, 3. Intereft of 3\d per Cent, per Diem. § 4. Said “ Exchequer Bills (hall be current at the Exchequer after April 5,

44 j8io. § 5. Bank of England may advance 6,coo,ooo/. on Credit u of this AA § 6.

CAP. LIII.

An AA for completing the Militia of Great Britain.

[27th May 1809.]

*TT7HEREAS by an AA patted in this Stflion of Parliament, 49G. 9. e. 4.	* VV intituled. An A3 to allow a certain Proportion of the Militia

4 of Great Britain to enlijl voluntarily into the Regular Forces, a certain

•	Proportion of the Militia ferving in Great Britain is allowed to enlift

•	into His Majefty’s Regular Forces, under certain Provifions and ' ReftriAions: And Whereas it is neceflary that fuch Increafc of the

•	Regular Forces ftiould not diminifli the Militia, but that the Militia

•	fhould be forthwith completed, and it is expedient for that Purpofe

•	that Men ttiould be allowed to be raifed for the Militia, by Beat of

4 Drum, fora limited Time, and that at the Expiration of that Time 4 the Remainder of the Men to be raifed and enrolled under this AA 4 fhould be raifed by Ballot	May it therefore	plcafe Your Majefty

that it may be ena A?d; and be	it enaAed bv the	King’s moft Excellent

Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afl'embled.

Number of and by the Authority of the fame, That on or before the Firft Militia equal to Day Gf 03oher One thoufand eight hundred and ten, there fhall be raifed and levied in Great Britain, in the feveral Counties of England ot^Militia in** aT5<^ Scotland refpeAively, a Number of Private Militia Men, tquai England and	to One Half of the original Quotas of Private	Men fpecified in Two

Scotland under	AAs of Parliament, patted in	the Forty-fecond	Year of the Reign of

45	G. 3. c. 90, His prefent Majefty, relating to the Militias of England and Scotland 9i«(h&l	refpeAively; and in another AA patted in the Thirty-feventh Year of

1*8 hT 1	*	the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An A3 for the letter raifing

and ordering the Militia Forces of thf Tower Hamlets, in the County of Middlefex, relating to the Militia of the Tower Hamlets.

Till 1 Juneisio,	II. And be it further enaAed, That from ar.d after the patting of

Volunteers may thj8 and untiJ the Day Gf June One thoufand eight hundred Militbb^°Beat an<* tcn* lt	^or	Majefty’s	Lieutenants	and	Deputy

♦fDrumJ Lieutenants, and the Coloneia and Commanding Officers of the

Regiment*



Google

A.D.1809.

49° GEO. III.

G-53*

t«r

Regiments of Regular and Local Militia of Great Britain, and the Commiffioned Officers and Non-commiffioned Officers of the Regiments of Regular and Local Militia, duly authorized by their refpeftve Commanding Officers for th$ Time being, by Beat of Drum, or otherwife, in their refpeftive Counties, or adjoining Counties, to raife Volunteers for the Regiments of Regular Militia of the Counties to which they refpeftively belong, for the completing the Number of Men required to be raifed and enrolled under this Aft, any Thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding ; and every Volunteer fo raifed as aforefaid, (hall take the Oath required to be taken by Subftitutes in the Militia, which Oath (hall and may be adminiftered by any Perfon refprftively authorized to adminifter Oaths to Pcrfons enrolled in the Militia, or by any Juftice of the Peace, or Deputy-Lieutenant for the County in which fuch Volunteers fhall have been raifed, or in which the Regiment for which he (hall have heen raifed, (hall be at the Time of his joining fuch Regiment.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enaft-d. That no fuch Provifions of Volunteer (bail have more than One Child born in Wedlock ; and all A&sasto the Provifions, Reftriftions, Regulations, Penalties and Claufes con-

tained in any Aft relating to the Militia as to Subftitutes in relation to exten^ed to fuch their Families, and alfo as to the Families of Subftitutes in the Militia, Volunteers, and as to the making Provilion for fuch Families, and a3 to any falfe Reprefentation or Declaration made in refpeft thereof, (hall extend and be applied as to fuch Volunteers as fully and efteftuaily as if the fame were repeated and re-enafted in and made Part of this Aft.

IV.	And be it further enafted. That the Colonels or Commanding Colonel* {hall Officers for the Time being, of the teveral Regiments of Militia for

which any Men (hall be fo raifed as aforefaid, (hall, at the Expiration Meetings CM of every Month from the Commencement of enlifting fuch Volunteers Monthly Cer-as aforefaid, tranfmit to the Clerks of General Meetings of iheir tificates, &c. refpeftive Counties, and where the Men of more Counties than One of Men raifed. are united to form any Regiment of Militia, then Duplicates to each (Schedule A.) of fuch Counties, Certificates of the Number of Men raifed for their refp ftive Regiments, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (A.) and a like Certificate within Seven Days after the faid Firit Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and ten, of the Men raifed fince the laft Certificate and the faid Firft Day of June.

V.	And be it further enafted, That a Sum not exceeding Twelve Bounty not Guineas (hall be allowed and paid in refpeft of every Man who (hail be exceeding 12 provided or raifed as a Volunteer by B^at of Drum or otherwife, under Guineas to

the Provifions of this Aft as aforefaid, and fuch Part of fuch Sum Re^uSaOoM

fhall be applied towards the Expences of procuring the Volunteers, asHisMajerty

and the remaining Part as a Bounty to the Volunteers, and fuch fhall diieft.

Bounty (hall be paid or applied to the Ufe of every fuch M^n at

fuch Times and Places, and in fu$h Proportions as to any Advance

of any Part thereof, and in fuch Manner, and under and fubjeft to

fuch Regulations and Reftriftions as His Majefty (hall by any Order

of His principal Secretary of State, by any Regulations from Time

to Tune made in that Behalf, be pleaftd to order .and direft; and

it fhall be lawful for the Lords Comnfiffioners of His Majefty’s

Treafury, or any Three or more of them, to order any Receiver-

General in England, or Colleftor of the Ccfs in Scotland, to advance

and pay any Sum or Sums of Money for or in reipeft of any fuch

H 3	Bounties,





Lieutenancy fhall fix by Ballot the Order in which "Vacancies ariftng by Bnliftment tinder 49 G.3. c. 4. fhall be filled up, and caufe Lifts to be jnade out of Men cnlifted, and of their Pari{hes: '3*Ten cnlifted for Militia fhall be placed to fuch Parifhes for Relief of Families. {Schedule B.)

lifter June T, 1810, railing "Volunteers by Beat of Drum ihaUceafr.

c.53.	490	geo. nr.	A.D.1809^

Bounties, or any Advances in refpeft thereof as may be neceflary, out of any Publick Monies in their Hands, or received or receivable by them out of any Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commiffioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and all Monies paid under any fuch Orders as aforefaid (hall be good and valid, and be allowed to all fuch Receivers-General or Colleftors of Cefs in their Accounts.

VI.	And be it further enafted, when and fo foon as the Return* of Men who fhall have enlifted into His Majefty’s .Regular Forces under the Provifions of the faid recited Aft of this Scffion of Parlia-roent, at the Expiration of the feveral Periods in the faid Aft fpecified for enlifting, where the Regiment of Militia has been from only one County, fhall have been refprftively made, the Lieutenant and Deputy-Lieutenants fhall afTemble from Time to Time in General Meetings which fhall be called and held for that Purpofe, in cafe no other General Meetings fhall be at fuch Times about to be held, for carrying into Execution the Afts relating to the Militia, and where a Regiment of Militia is compofed of Muitia Men ballotted from Two or more Counties in Scotland, the Cierks of Lieutenancy of the faid Counties fhall meet at the Place where the Michaelmas Head Court is held in that County, from which the greateft Number of Militia Men had been ballotted for the Regiment, on Notice given by the Lieutenant or Deputy-Lieutenants of the faid County, to the Clerk of Lieutenancy of the other County or Counties aforefaid. Fourteen Days at the lead previous to fuch Meeting of the Clerks of Lieutenancy, and the faid Lieutenant and Deputy-Lieutenants, or Clerks of Lieutenancy refpeftively, fhall at fuch Meeting, and they are hereby required to afeertain and 'fix by Ballot, the Order in which the Vacancies occafioned by Men enlifted into His Majefty’s Regular Forces fhall be filled up for the feveral Parifhes and Hundreds refpe&ively, and fhall caufe Lifts to be made out of the Men who fhall have volunteered into His Majefty's Regular Forces, and of the Parifhes to which they refpeftively belonged, and to be entered in the Order in which the Names fhall have been drawn by Ballot, and in the Form in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (B.); and all the Men enrolled for the Militia under this Aft fhall be from Time to Time entered and placed to the different Parifhes in the Order in which the Names of Men ftand on fuch Lifts in Succeffion according to the Dates of their refpeftive Enrolments; and all Men fo entered and placed to fuch Parifhes fhall thenceforth be deemed to belong to fuch ^Parifhes, a3 to any Relief of any Familits of fuch Men, or thereafter fupplying of any Vacancies, in like Manner as if fuch Men had been provided as Subftitutts or Volunteers for fuch Parifhes refpeftively.

VII.	And be it enafted. That after the Firft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and ten, it fhall not be lawful for any Colonel or Commanding Officer or other Officer, or Non-commiffioned Officer of Regular or Local Militia, to raife any Volunteers by Beat of Drum or otberwife under this Aft, unlefs the fame fhall be fpeciaily authorized by Hi3 Majeftv, by Order of one of his Principal Secretaries of State, but all Deficiencies then remaining fhall be railed by Bailor, or as Volunteers to be provided by the Churchwardens or Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifhes in England, and by any Heritor or Heritors of Parifhes in Scotland, in Manner allowed by this Aft ; and every Colonel, Commanding Officer, or other Officer or Non-

commilfioned

 v^ooQle

A-D. i8o<y*	49° GEQ. HI,	C.53.	!>oj_

commiflioned Officer of Regular or Local Militia, who (haU thereafter raife any Man in fuch Manner, (hall be fubjeft, in refpeft of all Men fo raifed, to all the Penalties contained in any Aft or Afts relating to the Militia for enlifting Men, as fully as if this Aft had not paffed.

VIII.	And be it further enafted. That in every County In which In cafe of on the Firil Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and ten any Deficiencies o* Deficiencies (hall remain to be fupplied, and alfo in cafe His Majtfty (hall deem it neceffary that a Ballot (hall commence for the completing or't*er *je ^ the Militia, the Lieutenant and Deputy-Lieutenant (hall, at General Ballot t® com-Meetings to be held for that Purpofe, determine whether any Ap- mence, Lieu-portionments or new ‘Lifts are neceffary for the proceeding to ballot tenants ihall either to fupply fuch Deficiencies or to complete the Militia in their APPor~ refpeftive Counties, and (hall, in cafe the fame fhall be neceffary, appoint Subdivifion Meetings, and fuch General and Subdivifion Meetings Ihall proceed to make fuch Apportionments, and to caufe new Lifts to be made out and returned, or old Lifts to be amended., and to do all other ,A&8> Matters, and Things, which may be neceffary for carrying the fame into execution under the Provifions of the feveral Afts in force in relation to the Militia: Provided always, that all fuch Apportionments (hail be made, according to the Proportion of the original Quota of Militia Men raifed in any County; and provided further, that for the Purpofe of making fuch Apportionments, where a Regiment of Militia Men (ball be compofed of Militia Men ballotted from Two or more Counties in Scotland* the Clerks of Lieutenancy • of the faid Counties (hall meet at the Place where the Mkhaelmai Head Court is held in that County from which the greateft Number of Militia Men had bee* ballotted for the Regiment, on Notice given by the Lieutenant or Deputy-Lieutenant of the faid Couoty, to the Clerk of the Lieutenancy of the other County or Counties aferefaid,

Fourteen Days at the leaft previous to fuch Meeting, and fuch Clerk3 of Lieutenancy fo affembled (hall apportion fuch Deficiencies among fudh Counties, according to the Proportion pf the original Quota of Militia Men ballotted in fuch Counties refpeftively, Regard being had to the Number of Men who may have been raifed under this Aft by any Heritor or Heritors of any Parifh in fuch Counties, and entered as raifed in Difcharge of fuch Pari(h from Ballot, as herein-before direfted, and fuch Deficiencies, fo-apportioned by fuch Clerks among fuch Counties, (hall thereupon be apportioned among the Parilhes thereof in the Manner direfted by this Aft in the Cafe of any County railing within itfelf a Regiment of Militia.

IX.	And be it further enafted. That before any Ballot under this Before any A& Ihall take place for the fuppiying of any Deficiencies which may Ballot, Licu^ re maul to be fupplied, the Lieutenants and Deputy-Lieutenants tenan(7 **11 affembled at any General and Subdivifion Meetings to beheld for .that *?SIOn nV Purpofe (hall refpeftively apportion the Number of Men aftually yeoro enrolled and fo entered as aforef^id, and the Deficiencies then remaining to be fupplied among the Subdivifions, Hundreds, and

Parifhes of the refpeftive Counties, and the Men then remaining deficient (hall be raifed by Ballot or otherwife according to the Provifions of this Aft, by fuch Subdivifions, Hundreds, and Parifhesj according to fuch Apportionment as.aforefaid,

X.	And be it further enafted, That the Clerks of General Meetings B&llot in (hall, within Seven Days after fuch Apportionments as aforefaid, tranfmit to the Clerk* of Subdivifion Meetings of their refpeftive ^*eeunSs*

H ^	CountieS|

 UooQle

C.53*	49*	GEO.	III.	A.D.1809#

Counties, Certificates of the Number of Men enrolled, and the Num-ber of Men deficient in the Militia, and which remain to be provided in the Hundreds or Parifhes in which fuch Deficiencies exift, and the Deputy-Lieutenants in their refptAivr Subdivifions (hall forthwith proceed to raife fuch Deficiencies by Ballot, under the Provifiong of the A As relating to the Militia ; any Thing in an A A pafled in, the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty to the contrary notwitb (landing.

XI.	And be it further enaAed, That Notice (hall be given by the Deputy-Lieutenant*?, cr C/erk of Subdivifion Meetings, by affixing the fame on the Duors of the Churches or Chapels, or on other confpicuous Places in the feveral Parifhes within their refpeAive Subdivifions, of the Days, Times, and Places appointed for Ballots under Mode of Ballot, this A A, in their refpeAive Subdivifions; and the Names of the Per-fons liable to be ballotted (hall publickly and in the Preftnce of any fuch Magiftrates, Churchwardens, and Ove-feers of the Poor as choofe to attend, be called over from the Lids, and put into the Boxes or Glafles for ballotting, and (hall in hke Manner be publickly drawn out, and the Names of the Pcrfons fo drawn (hall be publickly called for, and be entered in a Book by the Clerks of the Subdivifion, or Perfons appointed by them or the Deputy-Lieutenants, for that Purpofe; and fuch calling over of the Names, and ballotting for Perfons to be enrolled under this AA, (hall take place at the Days, * Times, and Places appointed, and (hall not commence before Ten of the Clock, nor continue longer than Six in the Evening; and if fuch ballotting (hall not be complete in One Morning, tbe Boxes (hall be fealed with the Seals of any Two or more of the Deputy-Lieutenants and the Clerk of the Meeting, and fuch Seals (hall be broken, and the ballotting be fimlhed in like publick Manner on the fucceeding Day or Days, or on any other Day to which fuch Ballot {hail be adjourned.

Appeal.	XII. And be it further ensAed, That the Deputy^Lieutenants

in all Cafes in which the fame (hall be neerffary, (hall appoint Days Notice of Ballot, and Places for holding Meetings for hearing Appeals ; and the Clerks of the Subdivifion Meetings at which fuch Ballots (hall have taken place, (hall within Three Days tranfmit to the Contfablcs, School-malters, or other Officers of the Parifh s within their Subdivifions, the frames of the Perfons ballotted therein refpeAively, and fuch x	Conftab'.e	or	Schoolma'ler (hall thereupon give Notice to every fuch

Pcrfon* by delivering the fame to him or his Wife, or fome Servant or Member of his Family, or leaving the fame at his ufual or lad Frefh Ballots for Place of Abode; and it (hall be lawfsl for the Deputy-Lieutenants, Deficiencies, &c. and they are hereby required in all Cafes in which Perfons fo ballotted (hall make Deraulc, or n' t find Subttitutes, or (hall defert, or (hall pay the Fine under this A A, to proceed to a fre(h Ballot, and adjourn fuch Meeting, and dire A like Notice to be given to the Perfons ballotted, and appoint other Meetings in cafe the fame fnal) be nectflary for making frefh Ballots, and until the full Number of Men required under rhis AA (hail be enrolled to ferve in the Mditia.

Penalty on Per- XIII. And be it further enaA d, That every Perfon chofen by fons balloted	Ballot under this A A to ferve in the Militia (not being one of the

(exceptQuakers) p<, pje Ca}\e(j Quakers) who (hall refufe or negleA to appear and not Serving or	Oath,	and	(erve	in	the	Militia, or to provide a Subllitu'e in

fiffir - Manner dircAed by the faid AAa relating to the Militia of Great

Britain%

bo 4

Notice of Ballots.

 CjOOQle

A.D. 1809.

49° GEO. ni.

C.53.	ioj

Britain, (hall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be levied and recovered in Manner in this A€t mentioned.

XTV. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That a Sum of Bounty to Per-Ten Guineas (hall be allowed to every Perfon ballotted and enrolled fons plotted between the faid Firft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and ten, and the Firft Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and 2 juneto ten, or if any Perfon ballotted within fuch Period (hall provide a 1 Sept. i«io. Subftitute, or (hall have a Subftitute provided for him, who (hall be enrolled, then to the Subftitute; and fuch Bounty (hall be paid in fuch Proportions and at fuch Times and Places, and in fuch Proportions as to finding any Neceffaries, and as to any Advance of any Part thereof, as (hall be fpecifted in any Regulations made in that Behalf as aforefaid.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That it (hall be Churchwardens, lawful for the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of any Parifh &<*• may raife in England, and for any Heritor or Heritors of any Parifties in Scotland, Volunteers till at any Time after the palling of this A&, and until the Firft Day of tho*ftmll have September One thoufand eight hundred and ten, to raife or provide any Bounty, fuch Men as Volunteers as aforefaid, who (hall be entitled to fuch

Bounty of Ten Guineas as aforefaid, to be paid and applied as afore-faid: Provided always, that all Men fo raifed (hall be entered as raifed for the Parifti for which they (hall have been provided, and in difeharge of fuch Pari(h from Ballot for fuch Men as (hall be fo raifed.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall not be lawful for No Bates or any Churchwarden or Overfeer of the Poor of any Parifti, or any other Subfcription Perfon or Perfon6, to make, raife, or levy any Rate or Rates, or any j^all Subfcription or Subfcription*, or Sum or Sums of Money, or to give, Voluntet^* advance, or promife any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpole of inducing any Perfon to enliil as a Volunteer as aforefaid; and every Churchwarden and Overfeer of the Poor, and other Perfon, who (hall

in any Manner pay or give, or advance to or to the Ufe of any fuch Volunteer, or the Family of fuch Volunteer, any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Bounty, Gift, or Reward, or who (hall promife any Sum or Sums of Money,.or any Bounty, Gift, or Reward, other than fuch Bounty as (hall be allowed and paid as aforefaid, (hall forfeit aod pay for every fuch Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be Penalty 20J. recovered, levied, paid, and applied as any like Penalty may be revered, levied, and applied under any A&or Adis relating to the Militia:

Provided alfo, that it (hail be lawful for any Overfeer of the Poor of Subfifrence

any Parifh, out of any Rate in his Hands for the Relief of the Poor in' Money to Men

England, and for any Colledfor of the Cefs out of any Money in his on their March.

Hands in Scotland, to advance for the Subliftence of any Men raifed

and provided for fuch Parifti, during the March to his Regiment, any

Sum not exceeding the Rate of Pay at Two Shillings per Day, of

fomany Days as would enable fuch Man to march from the Place •

where he was raifed to fuch Regiment, to be calculated at the Rate

of not lefs than Ten Miles per Day, with the ufual Number of halting

Days : Provided always, that all Sums of Money fo advanced in refptdfc

of any Men that (hail be approved and enrolled, (hall be repaid to fuch

Overfeer by the Officer appointed for receiving fuch Men, to be by

fuch Overfeers or Collt&ors of the Cefs carried to the Account of

the Rates of Money from which the fame (hail have been advanced

as aforefaid.

>	VTTTT

XVII.



Google

i ©6*

Perfons receiving B#«oiy not entitled to Allowance under 42G. 3. c. 90.

$ 122, &c„

Chare of Bounty to Subftitute fceiore joining.

Members of Volunteer Corps not exempt, nnlels having ferved the full W timber of Days under 44 G. 3. <?. 54.

Ferfons balloted *mder Training

Aa

46 G. 3. c. 90. not exempt; nor Officers upon Half Pay; unlefs ferving, or having offered to , ferve, in Militia,

C. $3.	49®	GEO.	Iir.	A.D.iSo^i

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no Perfon fo baliotted and receiving fuch Sum of Ten Guineas as aforefaid, (hail be entitled to, or have or receive the Allowance of One-half of the current Price of a Volunteer, or any other Allowance under any Aft of Parliament relating to the Militia, by reafon of his not being pof-fefTtd of any Eftate in Lands, Goods, or Money, of the clear Value of Five hundred Pounds ; any Thing in any Aft of Farlianpent relating to the Militia to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVI1L And be it further ensfted, That it (hall not be lawful for any Dtputy-Lieutenant to dirtft or permit any larger Sum of Money thbn (hall be allowed in anv Rules and Regulations made for the Application of fuch Sum or Bounty of Ten Guineas as aforefaid, to be paid to any Substitute at the Time of his Enrolment, nr before he (hall aftually join his Regiment; any Tiling in any Aft or A&8 of Parliament relating to the Militia notwithftanding.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That no Perfon (hall claim, or have or be entitled to any Exemption from being baliotted to ferve in the Militia under this Aft, by reafon of any fuch Perfon being enrolled and lerving in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, urilefs fuch Perfon (hail have cftudly attended the ufual Mufter and Exercife of fuch Corps for the Number of Days required by an Aft paff d in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Ad to confolidate and amend the Provifions of the federal A&s relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to make, further Regulations relating thereto; and if any Perfon who (hall not have fo attended according to the Provifions of the faid recited Aft, (hall neverthelefs claim any Exemption, fuch Perfon (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, notwithftanding any fuch Perfon may have a Certificate of being an tffift ve Member of his Corps; and from and after the puffing of this Aft, no Certificate of any Commanding Officer of any Volunteer Corps (hall be admitted by any Deputy-Lieutenant upon any fuch Claim of Exemption, unlefs fuch Certificate (hall certify the Number of Days on which the Perfoa producing the fame (hall have attended the Mufter or Exercife of bis Corps, or been abfent from any juftifiable Caufe under the faid recited Aft.

XX.	And be it further enafted. That no Perfon (hall be exempt from being baliotted to ferve io the Militia under this Aft, by reafon of any fuch Perfon having been baliotted or enrolled to be trained and 'exercifed under the Provifions of an Aft paffed in the Forty-fixth Year of the Rejgn of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Ad to enable His Majefy annually to train and exercife a Proportion of His Subjeds in England, under certain Regulations, and more effe dually to provide for the Defence of the Realmy and no Officer on the Half Pay of any of His Majeily’s Forces, and not aftually ferving in fome Regiment of Miiiti^ or Corps, of Volunteers, (hall, by reafon of holding any Commiflion from Hi8 Majefty on which he (hall receive Half Pay, be exempt frora being baliotted to ferve in the Militia under this Aft, unlefs fuch Perfon (hall have tendered his Service to the Lord Lieutenant or Vice-Lieutenant of the County in which he (hall refide, either to ferve as an Officer in the Militia or Local Militia, or in fome Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, or (hall be incapable of Service ; any Thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

'	XXIf



AJXiSop;	49°	GEO.	Ill,	C53.	iof

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the palling of If Perrons or-

this Aft, it fhail be lawful for the Deputy-Lieutenants in their re- d^rtel^1be<lraw^ fpeftive Subdivifions, and they are hereby required, at any Time during	^

the Period allowed for ballotting and enrolling Men under this Aft, within *io Days, in cafe any Perfon ordered to be drawn out and embodied (hall have Vacancy fhail bq made or fhail make Default by not appearing, or by Defertion or filled up. Abfence from Duty, and fhail not be taken within Ten Days from

the Time of fuch Default, Defertion, or Abfence, to declare a Vacancy, and forthwith to fill up the fame according to the Provifions of the faid Aft? and this Aft.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That the# Clerk6 of Subdivifion Return of

Meetings fhail within Fourteen Days after the Expiration of the Period Schedules of ^ allowed for enrolling of any Men in their refpeftive Counties, make Men enrolled m out and return Two Schedules in the Form to this Aft annexed, (S^edlile1^ marked (C.) Duplicates, of each other, of the Numbers and Names	J

of the Men enrolled in their Subdivifion, and alfo of the Bountiea

received and applied, and Fines paid by Perfons ballotted to ferve, and fhail tranfmit fuch Schedules to the Clerk of General Meetings, who fhail forthwith tranfmit one of fuch Schedules to one of His Majefty’s principal Secretaries of State.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft con- Saving foe .

tained fhail extend or be conftrued to extend to the City of London.	London.

• XXIV. And be it further enafted, That every County, Hundred, Fines for and Parifh, for which the full Number of Men required by this Aft Deficiencies an (hall not have been .enrolled before the faid Firft Day of OBobcr One thoufand eight hundred and ten, fhail be fubjeft to a Fine of Forty ' *** Pounds for every Man required to be ballotted and enrolled in fuch County, .Hundred, or Parifh remaining deficient.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That the refpeftive Colonels or In England, other Commandants of the Regiments of Militia in England fhail, at Colonels {hall the Expiration of the Period within which the Men required to be tranfmit to raifed under this Aft ought to have been enrolled within their

refpeftive Counties, tranfmit to the Jullices of the Peace or Magiftrates DefirienciL°an4

affembled at the feveral General Quarter Seflions of the Peace held for the Seffions*

the refpeftive Counties at the Quarter Seflions of the Peace next after lhall affefs 4oI«

fuch Period, Certificates of the Number of Men remaining deficient I*1 Man.

in their refpeftive Regiments under the Provifions of this Aft, and

the Juftices of the Peace or thkMagiftrates aflctnbled at fuch Seflions

(hall at fuch Seflions affefs the Penalty of Forty Pounds for each

Private Man fo certified to be deficient as aforefaid, and fuch Afleff-

ment fhail be forthwith returned by the Clerk of the Peace to His

Majefty’s Court of Exchequer in England

XXVI.	And be it further enafted. That the refpeftive Colonels or In Scotland, other Commanding Officers of Militia in Scotland fhail, immediately Colvnels fhal after the Expiration of the refpeftive Periods within which the Num-

bers of Men to be enrolled under this Aft in their refpeftive Counties, ciencies to die are required to be completed under the Provifions of this Aft, Clerk of Supply, tranfmit to the Clerk of Supply of the refpeftive Counties to the Militia and the Com-of which they belong, Certificates of the Deficienciesand Vacancies miffioners fhail that remain to be filled up in their refpeftive Regiments under this ^Tefs 4ol# P** Aft 5 and fuch Clerk of Supply fhail forthwith fummon a Meeting of the Commiffioners of Supply,, and the Commiffioners of Supply affembled at fuch Meeting fhail affefs the Sum of Forty Pounds for*

each

 LjOOQle

k>8

43 G. 3. e. 89. (But fee 4* G. 3. c. 90.)

Cou*t of

Exchftjner in England may fine Counties, &c. in 40l. yer Man for deficiencies.

lilce Tower to Codrt of Exchequer in Scotland*

When Men

railed, Ballot ■gain fufpended to 1 Jan. 1812. [But fee § 3C.J

C.53.	49*	GEO.	III.	A.D*i?09.a

each Private Man fo certified to be deficient as aforefaid, in the Manner direfted by an A ft, paffid in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An AB for providing Relief for the Wives and Families of Militia Men in Scotland, and fuch Affcffmcnt (hall forthwith be tranimitted by the Clerk of Supply to His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and all the Powers, ProviGons, Ciaufe?, Rules, and Directions, Pams, Penalties, and Forfeitures relating to the making and levying of the AfT Ament direfted by the faid laft recited Aft, and the (aid Aft patted in the Forty:fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty relating to the Militia of Scotland\ fhall be and are hereby declared to be in full Force for the making'and levying of fuch Attcffment for not completing the Number of M-n required to be baliotted and eurolled under this Aft, as fully as if the fame were herein re-eraftd.

XXVII.	And be it further en?ftrd, That in cafe the lull Number of Men required to be enrolled for any County, Hundred, or Parifti in England, (hall not have been fo enrolled, it (hall be lawful for the Court of Exchequer in England, on Application of His Majefty*a Attorney-General (if it (hail lee tit) to grant a Rule, calling upoa the Treafurtr of the County, the Chief Conftable of the Hundred, or Conftable or Overfeer of the Poor of any Pan(h in refptft of which fuch Application (hall be made, to (hew Caule why fuch County, Hundred, or Pari(h refptft.vely fhould not pay fuch Sum of Forty Pounds for every Mari lo deficient as aforefaid ; and if no fufficient Caufe be (hewn to the Court within fuch Time as (hall be fpecitied in fuch Rule, upon fuch Treafurer, Chief Conftable or Conftab es, or Overfeer of the Poor refp^ ftively, then to fine fuch County, Hundied, or Parifti, in reip ft of which fuch Application (hail be made, in fuch Sum of Forty Pounds per Man for every Man fo deficient, and to caufe fuch Fine to be levied by Dijlringas or ori er Procels applicable to the Nature of the Cafe, according to the Rules and Praftite of fuch Court, upon the Chief Conftable or Clerk of Subdiviftoo Meetings as to Hundreds, or upon the Overfecrs of the Poor of the Parifh as to the Parifhes.

XXVIII.	And be it enafted, That in cafe the full Number of Men required to be enrolled for any County in Scotland, (hall not have been

, fo enrolled, it (hail be lawful for the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, on the Application of His Majefty’a Advocate, to make an Order calling upon the Clerk of Supply of the County in refpeft of which fuch Application (hall be made, to (hew Caufe why fuch County, or the Parifti or Place therein, in refpeft ot which fuch Application fhall have been made, (hall not pay fuch Sum of Forty Pounds for every Man fo deficient as aforefaid ; and if no fufficient Caafe can be fhewn to the Court within fuch Time as fhall be fpecificd in fuch Order, then to fine fuch County, Parifh, or Place, in rcfptft qF which fuch Application (hall be made, in fuch Sum of Forty Pounds per Man for every Man fo deficient, and to caufe fuch Fine to be levied by fuch Procefs as may be applicable to the Nature of the Cafe, according to the Rules and Praftice of fuch Court.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted, That when and fo foon as all the Men required to be raffed for the Militia of any County under this Aft, (hall have been raifed and enrolled, or at the Expiratioo

'of the Periods allowed for raififig Men under this Aft, all further

Ballot

 CjOOQie

A. D. 1809.	490	GEO. III.	C.53.

Ballot and Enrolment of Men in fuch County (hall be fufpcnded, and (hall remain fo fufpepded until the Fir ft Day of January One . thoufand eight hundred and twelve.

XXX.	* And whereas by an Ad paffed in the Forty-fifth Year of

*	the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Ad to empower His

*	Majefty to retain upon full Pay and Allowances, Officers of the Militia

*	during the War, notwithftanding the Redudiony it is declared, that Hia

*	Majefty may din.d any Number of Officers and*Corporals, ferving in

*	the Militia at the Time of the Redudion of Privates to be retained,

*	although the Number may exceed the Proportion preferibed for

*	any Regiment, BattalioD, or Corps, and that fuch Officers (hall

*	fucceed to Vacancies in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps re-

*	fpedively, according to their refpedive Ranks: And whereas fuch 4 a Regulation was not meant to apply ro Regiments, Battalions, or

*	Corps where the Quotas of different Counties are united into one

*	Body, except in fo far as regards any Commiffion granted by the ‘ Lord Lieutenant of the County when the Vacancy has taken place Be it therefore enaded, That when any Vacancy has already taken or (hall hereafter take place in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps where the Quotas of different Counties are united into one Body, fuch Vacancy lhall not be filled up for the Militia of one County by a Commiffion from the Lord Lieutenant of another County j but that the Lord Lieutenant of the County where any Vacancy has already taken or (hall hereafter take place (hall have full Power to nominate a fit Perfon to fupply fuch Vacancy, any Thing in the laid Ad to the contrary notwithftanding : Provided always, that any Officer who has been* retained by His Majefty upon Full Pay and Allowances, in confequenee of the faid Ad, (hall continue to be fo retained and fuccecd to any Vacancy that may take place where the Commiffion has been granted by the Lord Lieutenant of the County from whom his Commiffion was derived.

XXXI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That in making all Apportionment* of Mlicia which (hall hereafter be made, either in relation to Hundreds or Pariffies, Regard ffiali be had to the Number of Perfons ferving in Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps and in the Local Militia in fuch Hundreds and Pariffie9 refpedively, and exerppt by reafon thereof from ferving in the Militia, and to all other Exemptions from ferving in the Miiiria, fo as that all fuch Apportionments (hall be made on the Numb.rs oi Perfons in fuch Hundreds and P^riffies rtfptd'vely, ?duaily liable to be bailotted and to ferve in the Militia.

XXXII.	Provided always, and be it further enad-d, That it (hall be lawful for llis Majefty to appoint Two feveral Periods of Three Days each refp d.ve.y, at any Time after the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and ten, (or emitting of Militia Men into His Majefty*s Regulars, in addition to the Time and Periods fpecified in the laid recited Ad of this Seffion of Parliament as to any Regiment in which the full Number of Men allowed by the faid Ad to enlift (hall not have enlifted under the Proviiions ®f the faid Ad into His Majefty’s Regular Forces; and all the Claufes, Powers, Pro-vifions* and Authoriks in the faid recited Ad contained (hall apply to fuch additional P.riods of Enlifting as fully as if the fame had been fpecified in the faid recited Ad.

XXXf II. ■* Whereas it may facilitate the Training of the Local 1 Militia to allow the Commanding Officers of the Regular Militia to 4	‘	difeharge.



4$ G. S. c. 9**

Vacant Com* millions in Regiments, when the Quota* cf different Counties are united, (hall not be filled up for the Militia of one County by a Lord Lieutenant of another, &e.

Apportionment* (hall be made cm PerflJns a&ually liable to Ballot,

Periods allowed for enlifting Militia Men int* the Line, under 49G.3.C.4. §9.



iitf

Colonels of the Regular Militfc

may difcharge Men to fupply L^eal iMilitia with Serjeants.

Imea of aoT. (fee § 13.) and of 40l.

(fee § 24.)

Jhall be paid over to Receiver General in England.

In Scotland, Fines {hall l>e paid to Collector , of Cefs, &c.

His Majefty may order Ballot at any Time before 1 June 1810, or alter l 0<ft. 1810, to complete Militia.

4£° GEO. lit.	A.D.iSofi

*	difcharge, if they (hall think fit, Men from their refpe&ive Regiments

*	to be employed as Serjeants in the Local Militia of their refpe&ive c Counties/ be it therefore enadted, That it (hall be lawful for the Colonels or Commanding Officers of the Regular Militia, at the Re-queft of any Colonels or Commanding Officers of the Local Militia of their rtfpeCtive Counties, to difcharge any Number of Serjeants, Corporals, or Private Men ferving in their Regiments, to be enrolled and employed as Serjeants in the Local Militia of their refpedlive Counties, fo that no greater Proportion fhall be fo difeharged for the Purpofe of being enrolled in any Regiment of Local Militia than One Serjeant to every Two hundred Men of which fuch Regiment of Local Militia fhall confift, and the Vacancies occafioned by all fuch Difcharges (hall be fupplied in like Manner as any Vacancies occafioned by transferring Men into His Majetty’s Regular Forces are allowed or required to be filled uo and fupplied.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be ft further ena&ed. That all Fines of Twenty Pounds which (hall be paid by any Perfon ballotted and making Default, >fhall be paid within Ten Days after the fame fhall be received, and alfo ail Fines of Forty Pounds for any Default under this Adi, (hall be paid within Ten Days after the fame fhall have been affelfed, to the Receiver-General of the County, to be by him paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer; and every Clerk of Subdivifion Meetings, or other Perfon, who fhall retain in his Hands any fuch Fine of Twenty Pounds as aforefaid, or any fuch Fine of Forty Pounds a9 aforefaid, for the Space of Seven Days after the Expiration of fuch Period of Ten Days as aforefaid, fhall forfeit double the Amount of the Money fo returned, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered under this Adt or any Adt relating to the Militia.

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That all Fines of Twenty Pounds which fhall be paid by any Perfons ballotted under this Adi in Scotland, and making Default, fhall within Ten Days after the fame fhall be received, and alfo all Fines of Forty Pounds for Deficiencies under this Adi, fhall within Ten Days after the fame fKull have been afTefl’cd, be paid refpedlively to the Colltdlor of the Cels of the County, to be by him accounted for to fuch Receiver-General of Scotland, in the fame Manners fuch Coiledlor of the Gefs accounts for the Land Tax; and every Perfon and all Perfons who fhall retain in his or their Hands any fuch Part or Proportion of any Fine of Twenty Pounds as aforefaid, or any fuch Fine of Focty Pounds as aforefaid, for the Space of Seven Days after the Expiration of fuch Period of Ten Days as aforefaid, fhall forfeit Double the Amount of the Money fo retained, to be recovered as any Penalty may* be recovered under this Adi, or any Adi relating to the Militia.

XXXVI.	Provided ado, and be it further enadfed, That it fhall be lawful for His Majefty, at any Time after the pafiing of this Adi, and before the faid Firft Day of June One thouiand eight hundred and ten, if it fhall appear to His Majefty to be neceflary, for the more fpeedily completing of the Militia, to order and dirt61 by any Order of •His Majefty in Council, that the Ballot for completing the Militia (hall commence at any Time to be named in any fuch Order in Council, any Thing in this Adi or the faid recited Adi of the Forty-feventh Year aforefaid to the contrary notwithftanding ; and that the railing and enrolling Men by Beat of Drum or otherwife fhall either ceaTe or

proceed.



Google

A.tf.186*	49°	GEO.	IIL	C.53.

proceed, together with fuch Ballot, as to His Majefty (hall feem fit, and fuch Sum or Bounty of Ten Guineas {hall in fuch Cafe be allowed and paid, and applied in refprft of Men ballotted, or Subftitutes, in Manner by this Aft direfted : Provided alfo, that it {hall be lawful for His Majelty in like Manner to order and dirt 61 that the Militia of any County, which at the Conclufion of the Period allowed by this Aft for completing the Militia remains or {hall become deficient, {hall be completed by Ballot; any Thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding ; and notwithftanding any Sufpenfion of Ballot which may have taken place or may hereafter take place.

XXXVII.	And be it further emfted, That where Deputy-Lieu- Juftices tenants are by this Aft direfted or empowered to do any Aft, Matter, an(1 or Thing, in or concerning the Execution thereof, the fame {hall be j good and valid if it be done by any One Deputy-Lieutenant, or in the Abfence of any Deputy-Lieutenant, bv One Juftice of the Peace, except as to all fuch Matters as are direftrd to be done by Deputy-Lieutenants afting in the Abfence of a Lieutenant, or. Vice-Lieutenant, or at any General Meeting, or at any Subdivifion Meeting :

Provided always, that where One Deputy-Lieutenant only {hall be able to attend any Subdivifion Meeting it (hall be lawful for any One Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate of the Divifion or Diftrift, to fit and aft with fuch Deputy-Lieutenant, with all fuch Powers and Authorities relating thereto as are in this Aft, or any Aft relating to the Militia, given to Deputy-Lieutenants.

u Provifions relating to Counties, &c. extended to Ridiners, &c. § 38.

** Powers of 42 G. 3. c. 90. and c, 91. and all other Militia Afts,

41 extended to this Aft. j 39.

XL. And be it further enafted, That from and after the pafling Penalty on of this Aft, if any High Conftable, or Chief or other Conftable, Conftables, &e. or any Clerk of General or Subdivifion Meetings, or Schoolmaftcr, infu™S ** or any Commiffioned Officer, Adjutant, Quartermafter, or Serjeant in the Militia or Local Militia, (hall enfure or take any Money for the * Infurance of, or be in any Way concerned in any Company, Society,

Partnerlhip, or Office for the Infurance of any Perlon or Pcrfons for the providing any Subftitute or Volunteer, or Subftitutes or Volunteers, or for the paying or returning any Money for the providing any Subftitute or Volunteer, or Subftitutes or Volunteers in the Militia, for any Perfon or Perfons who may be ballotted toferve in the Militia, every fuch High Cohftable, or Chief or other Conftable, or any Clerk of General or Subdivifion Meetings, or School-, matter,or Commiffioned Officer, Adjutant, Quartermafter, or Serjeant as aforefaid, (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence One hundred Pounds.

XLI. And be it further enafted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Recovery of Forfeitures, by this Aft impofed, which {hall exceed Twenty Pounds, Penalties {hall be recovered by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Piaint, or Information, seeding 20L at the Suit of His Majefty*8 Attorney-General for England, or Advocate for Scotland, or at the Suit of any Perfon appointed to fue for the fame* by any Lieutenant, or Deputy-Lieutenants, or Vice-Lieutenants afting for any Lieutenant, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at JVeJlminJlery or the Courts of Great Sefiion in the Principality of Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chejlery Lancajler, and Durham, (as the Cafe flidi require,) in England, and in tne Court of Exchequer in Scotland, wherein no Eff >ign,

a	Pnvilege,





Penalties, not exceeding 20l. may be recovered belore ()ne Jtiflice, &c.

Penalty on Witnefles not appearing, 5l.

Form of Couvidrioa.

C.53.	490	GEO.	IIL	A.D.	1809.

Privilege, Protc&ion, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance (hall be allowed.

XLII. And be it further ena^cd. That it (hall be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace, or Deputy-Lieutenant, rrfiding near the Plnce where any Offence (hall be committed again!! this Act, which fnbje&s the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to hear and determine fuch Offence at any Time within Six Months after the Offence committed, and fuch Juftice of the Peace or Deputy-Lieutenant (hall, upon any Information, Exhibit, or Complaint made in that Behalf, fummon the Party accuf d, and alfo the Witnefles on either Side, and (hail examine into the Matter of Fad, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confeffioa of the Party, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnef* or Witneffep, to give Judgment for the Penalty or Forfeiture, as by this Ad is dirt&*d, and to iffue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the levying anv pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures fo adjudged, on the Goods of the Offender, and to caufe Sale to b« made thereof in cafe they (hall hot be redeemed within Four Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any ; and where the Goods of the Offender cannot be found fufficient to anfwer the Penalty, to commit fuch Offender to Prifon, there to rema»n for any Time not exceeding Three Months, unlefs fuch* pecuniary Penalty (hall be fooner paid and fatis-fied 5 and if any Perfon or Perfons (nail find himfclf or themfelves aggrieved by the Judgment of fuch Juftice or Deputy-Lieutenant, then he or they (hall and may, upon giving Security to the Amount or Value of fuch Penalty and Forfeiture* together with fuch Colts as (hall be awarded in cafe fuch Judgment (hall be affirmed, appeal to the Juftices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Seffions for the County, Riding, or Place, who are hereby empowered to fummon and examine Witnefles upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame ; and in cafe the Judgment (hall be affirmed, it (hall be lawful for fuch Juftices to award the Perfon or Perfons to pav fuch Cods occafioned by fuch Appeal a9 to them (hall feem meet.

XLII I. And be it further enadled, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall be fummoned as a Witnefs or Witnefles to give Evidence before fuch Jufticc or Deputy-Lieutenant, touching any of the Matters relative to this A&, either on the Part of the Profecutor or Perfons accufed, and (hall negle& or refufe to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpofe appointed, without a reafonable Excufe for iuch hi9, her, or their NegleA or*Refufal, to be allowed of by fuch Juftice or Deputy-Lieutenant before whom the ProO.cution fhall he depending, that then every fuch Perfon (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pound®, to be levied and paid in fuch Manner and by fuch Means as is directed as to the other Penalties.

XLIV. And be it further enf&ed, That the Juftice or Deputy-Lieutenant before whom any Offender (hall be convi&ed as aforefaid, (hall caufe the faid Convi&ion to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effeft, muiaiis mutandis; that is to fay:

« JgE it remembered, That on the	Day	of

•	in the Year of Our Lord	in	the	County

•	of	ji. B. of	was	convicted

•	before me C• D. one of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace one

of

 ^ooQle

A.D.1809.

49° GEO. III.

C.53.	*13

« of the Deputy Lieutenants, as the Cafe may be'] for th- faid County,

*	rc tiding near the Place where the Offence was committed* for that the

‘ faid A. B. on the	Day	of

*	ttow laft pall* did, contrary to the Form of the Statute in that Cafe

*	made and provided ; [here Jlate the Offence agatnjl this A3] and I ‘ do declare and adjudge that the faid A. B. hath forfeited the Sum « of

jCLV. And be it further ena&ed, That no Order or Convi&ion Orders and made in England, in purfuancc of this A&, by any Lieutenant, De* Convi&ions fhall puty-Lieutenant, or Juftice of the Peace, fhall be removed by Cer-	^m0.veii

tiorari into any Court whatever, and that no Writ or Certiorari fhall * eiuoraru fuperfede Execution, or other Proceedings upon any fuch Order or Convi&ion, but that Execution and other Proceedings (hall be had thereupon, any fuch Writ or Writs notwithftanding ; and in like Manner no Sentence, Warrant, or Order of any Deputy-Lieutenants or Juftice or Juftices of the Peace in Scotlaridy fhall be removed into any Court whatfoever by Bill of Advocation or Sufpenfion, or Procefs of Redu&ion, or in any other Manner whatfoever,* and it fhall not be competent to (ift Execution or Procedure upon any fuch Sentence,

Warrant or Order $ and if any Perfon fhall attempt to do fo by Bill of Sufpenfion or otherwife, the fame fhall be difmified as incompetent* and fuch Perfon fhall befubje&ed in full Expences.

€i A€t may be altered ot repealed this Sefiion. § 46.

SCHEDULE (A.)

LIST of Perlons enlifted for Militia, between and	Day	of

Day of

Names of Men. When enrolled. When joined^

No Child—or, PlcxeofRefidence one Child. when enlifted.

49 Geo. Ill,

SCHEDULE



?T4	g*53»S4-	49®	GEO.	III.	A.D.1809.

SCHEDULE (B.)

LIST of Men volunteered into the Line, and of the Order in which the Vacancies fo made are to be fupplied, in the County of

No.	Names.	ran flies.	Hundreds.	No.	Names.	Parilhcs.	Hundreds. |
I.	A. B.	G.	L.	12.			
2.	C. D.	E.	P.	11-			
3-	E. F.	A.	M.	14.			
4-	G. H.	r.	N.	*5-			
J-				l6.			
6.				n-			
7-				18.			
8.				l9-			
9-				20.			
10.				21.			
n.							

SCHEDULE (C.)

SUBDIVISION of	County	of

Number of Men required to be ballotted

Parifhcs,  Sec.	Number required	Prin-  cipals.	SiiMti-  tuies.	Volun-  teers.	Date of Enrolment.	Bounties received. i	1 j -Pinespaid Sums paid to a°W 1 by Bal- Recciver-Ge-} lotted ncral Or Col-^ It( 'j Men. leclorol'Cefs.		
									

CAP. L1V.

An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

[27th May 1809.]

WHEREAS it may he convenient*in the picfrnt Condition of \SteCap. nb.of < VV the Prifons and Gaols in that Part of the United Kingdom

^t0 f Great Britain and Ireland, califd Ireland, that	of the Pri-

* a/ ’•*	1	foners who are now confined therein fhould be fet at Li:erty be it

•	therefore enact: d, &c.

The feveral Gaolers in Ireland (hall make cut Lifts of Prifoners ia their Cuftody, on id February 1S09, and deliver the lame to the firft or fecond Quarter Sefilon alter palling the A<3. § I. Oath of u Gaolers on Delivery of Lifts to be adminiftered in open Court. u Lifts (hall be kept by the Clerk of the Peace, and examined gratir. %i § 2. Copies of Lifts (hall be fixed up in Prifons, before Delivery li to the Scfiions. § 3. Prifoners in Cuftody on 1 ft February 1809, te for Non-payment of Debts not exceeding 1500/. may be diicharged u under thj.a Ad., § 4. Juftice of Peace, on Prifoners delivering

<l Schedules*.

 CjOOQle

AD. 1809.	490 GEO. III.	C+$4.

** Schedules, may ilTue Warrants to bring them to the Quarter Sef-

44 fions. § 5. Special Scffions may be held for executing this Aft. § 6. *4 Schedules (hail remain with Clerk of the Peace. § 7. Debtors in-44 tending to apply for Difcharge (hall give Three Notices in the 44 Dublin Gazette, &c. $ 8. Debtors (hall, previous to their firft Notice# “ deliver Schedules of their Efftft* to Gaolers. § 9. Form of Notice. 44 § IO. Debtors proving that Notices have been given, (hail in “ open Court deliver in Schedules of their Eihfts, and make Oath 44 to their Imprifonment, and to the truth of the Schedule. § I). ,c Schedule and Oath to be fubferibed by the Debtors. Seffiofls at 44 Requeft of the Creditor may examine Gaolers on Oath ; and if 44 Debtor’s Oath is not difprov^d, Seflioos may difeharge the Debtor. “ § 12. All Eltates and Effrfts of Debtor fo difeharged (hall be 44 veiled in the Cierk of the Peace, who (hall afii^n the fame to fuch 44 Creditors as the Court (hall direft, in trull to get in the EfFefts 44 and make Dividends thereof, &c. § 13. Notice of the making 44 Dividends to be given. Creditors for Annuities payable at any 44 future Time, may receive Dividends as under a Coramiflion of Bank* 44 ruptcy. § 14. All Ellates of Debtors whatever, though not inferted 44 in the Schedule, (hall be* veiled in the Clerk of the Peace. § 15. 4f Holders of Securities without Confideration ihall not be entitled to 44 any Dividend. § 16. Ellates ihall continue veiled in the Cierk of 44 the Peace for the Time being. § 17. Aflirnees ihall not bring Suita 44 in Law or Equity without Confent of Majority of Creditors. § 18. 44 Schedules (hall be produced by Clerks of Peace to Creditors. The 44 Debtor's Right alone (hall be affefted by this Aft. § 19. Mort-44 gages ihall take place of Claims of an inferior Nature. } 20. Power 44 of leafing Lands, &c. veiled in the AHIgnees. § 21. Oaths of 44 Gaolers as to Cuilody and Conduft of Debtors, if required by Cre-44 ditors. § 22, 23. If the Perfon delivering in Lfl was not Gaoler 14 on the hril Day of February he (bail take the following Oath. Pc-41 nalties on Gaoler and Printer of Gazette or Newfpaper not com-44 plying with the Regulations of this Adi, 10:/. § 24. Puniihing 44 Gaolers for Perjury, 500/. half to the Informer and half to the 44 Creditors. § 25. Penalty on Clerk of the Peace not giving Copie* 44 of Adjudication of Difcharges, &c. 20/. § 26. Debtors falfely 44 fwearing (hall fuffer as for wilful Perjury. § 27. Debtors dif-44 charged (hall not be liable to be imprifoned for any Debts due prior 44 to lit February 1809. §28. Prifoners ihall remain charged with 44 Debts become due after faid ill February 1809. § 29. Aft may 44 be pleaded to any Aftionof Efcape, See. $30. Aft may be pleaded 44 generally by Prifoners. Aft not to extend to Attoroiesor Servants# 44 Agents, &c. embexzling Money. § 31. Aft ihall not extend to 44 Perfon8 obtaining Money or Goods on falfe Pretences. § 32. Nor 44 to Prifoners remanded to Prifon under former Insolvent Afts for 44 fraudulently obtaining Money, &c. § 33. Nor to Perfons charged 41 in Execution for Damages recovered in any Aftion.for Criminal 44 Convcrfation, &c. or any malicious Injury. § 33, Nor to Perfon* 41 removing EfFefts of the Value of 20/. liable to be diftrained for Rent. 44 $ 34. Nor to Perfons felling or sfligning Effcfts to defraud Cre-44 ditors. j 35. Penalty or Gaolers not permitting Prifoners to be 44 fpoken with, or Entry in the Books of the Prifon to be feen#

11 § 3& Penalty on Gaoler for making falfe Entries, 59q/. § 37. 41 Debtors refuting to difeover the Creditor detaining them# or to ap«

I %	* peay



uS

A A fliall not to

Debtors of the Oown, or Oiftnders a^ai oll Revenue Laws.

C-54iS?*	40°	GEO.	in.	A.D.1809..

pear to afty Creditor, excluded the Benefit of this Aft. § 38.

€t Prifoners in Cuftody for Prifon Fees difeharged. § 39.

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted, That this Aft (hall not extend or be conftrued to extend to difeharge any Prifoner fecking the Benefit of this Aft, with refpeft to any Debt or Penalty with which he or (he fhall (land charged at the Suit of the Crown, or of any Perfon for any Offence committed againft any A6t or Afts of Parliament relative to His Majefty’s Revenues of Cuftoms, Excife, Stamps, or Salt Duties, or any of them, or any Branches of the Publick Revenue, or at the Suit of any Sheriff or other Pub-lick Officer, upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearance of any Perfon profecuted for any Offence committed againft any Aft or Afts of Parliament relative to His Majefty's faid Revenues of Cuftoms, Excife, Stamps, or Salt Duties, or any other Branches of Publick Revenue, unlels any Three of the Lord* Commiffioners of His Majefty's Treafury for the Time being fhall certify their Con-fent under their Hands to the faid Juftices at their faid Seffions or Adjournment thereof for the Difeharge of fuch Prifoner asafoiefaid. ff Determination of Juftices (hall be final, unlefs the Debtor gets rid “ of the Objeftions to his Difeharge. § 41. Eftates of which Fri-foners are feifed in Tail fhall be delivered up to their Creditors* €X without Fine, &c. $ 42. Affignees may apply to two Juftices of €t Peace for further Examination of Debtors, who on Refufal to ap«. “ pear may be committed. § 43. Fraudulent Difcharges declared cr void. § 44. Affignees, with Con fen t of the Majority in Value of *' Creditors, may compound Debts and fubmit Difputes to Arbi-“ tration. § 45. Penalty on Perfons concealing Debtor’s Eftates, ** 100/. and double Value for Benefit of the Creditors. § 46. If Affignees die, others may be chofen. $ 47. Courts on Complaint 41 may remove Affignees. § 48. Where mutual Credit has been given, “ Balance (hall be ftated. § 49. Perfons in Cuftody for Contempt in ie not paying Monies, Coftfi, &c. fhall be entitled to the Benefit of ** this Aft. § 50. And alfo Perfons imprifoned by Courts of Con-u fcience. § ji. No Perfons having taken the Benefit of an Infolvcnt 4i Aft within Five Years fhall be entitled to Relief under this Aft. €t § 52. Affirmation of Quakers may be taken. $ 53. Insolvent, tl on releafing his Intereft in the Refidue of his Eftate, (hall be a u good Witnefs. § 54.

C A P. LV.

An Act for reftifying Miftakes in the blames of the Com-miflioners appointed by an Aft of the laft Seflion of Parlia-‘ ment for appointing Commiffioners for carrying into Execution an Aft of this Seflion of Parliament for granting to His Majefty a Duty on Penfions and Offices in England^ and an Aft, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His prefent Majefty, for granting an Aid to His Majefty by a Land Tax to be raifed m Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, and for appointing other Commiffioners together with thofe named in the firft mentioned Aft, to put in Execution an Aft of this Seflion of

Parliament



Google

AD. 1809*	49°	GEO. III.	C55.	'lij

Parliament.for Continuing to His Majefty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar,'Tobacco, anti Snuff, in Great Britai/iy and on Perifions, Offices, and Perfonal Eftates in England, for the Service of the Year £)ne thoufand eight hundred and nine, alfp the faid A£t made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His prefent Majefty; and for indemnifying fuch Perfons as have acted as Commiflioners for executing the faid Ads.

[27th May 1809.]

*	TTTHEREAS it is expedient to redify Miftakes made in the 4 VV naming or deferibing of Perfons appointed Commiflioners by

*	an Ad made in the laft Seflion of Parliament, intituled, An Aft 4SG.3. c. 102. 4 for appointing Commijfwncrs for carrying into Execution an Aft of this

4 Sejfion of Parliament for granting to His Majejly a Duty on Perfons 4 and Offices in England, and an Aft made in the "Thirty•eighth Tear [J8 <7.3. c. 5.J 4 of His prefent Majejly for granting an Aid to His Majefy. by a Land 1 TaXy to be raifed in Great Britain for the Service of the Tear One 1 thoufandfeven hundred and ninety-eighty and there may be Occafion to

*	appoint other P rfons to put in Execution the faid Ad made in the

*	Thirty-eighth Ytar of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for grant-

* ine an Aid to His Majefty by a Land Tax, to be raifed in Great 4 Britain for the Service of the Year One thoufand feven hundred

*	and ninety-eight, and alfo an Ad of this Sefinn of Parliament,

1 intituled, An Act for continuing to His Majejly certain Duties on Malty 49 G.3. c. 1}

4 Sugary Tobacco and Snuffiy in Great Britain, and on Penfionsy Offices,

4 and Perfonal EJlates, in England, for the Service of the 2 ear One thou•

4 fand eight hundred and nine ; may it therefore pleafe Your Majefty,

*	that it may be cnadtd,’ and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the feverai and CommiflIonee| refpedive Perfons herein-after named, {hall and may and are hereby appointed, empowered and authorized to put in Execution the faid Ad?, and all

the Claufe9, Powers, Matters, and Things whatfoever therein contained, aa Commiflioner3 in and for the feverai and refpedive Counties and Places of Great Britain, herein-after feverally and refpedively mentioned and exprtfled, as if they had been named with the other Commiflioners in the faid Ad of the laft Seflion of Parliament, and properly deferibed therein; (that is to fay.)

[Then follows the Lift of Names for the feverai Places.]	r

And no Miftake in the Spelling of the Chriftian or Surname of any Miftakes in the Perfon, or of any Place, meptioned in the faid Ad of the laft Seflion Names {hall not of Parliament, or this Ad, {hall be co.nftrued to vitiate the Ap- vitiate the Appointment of fuch Perfon to he a Commiflioner, fo that the Perfon or P°intIBent,

Place mentioned be defignated therein to common Intent and Under-ftanding; or to fubjed any Perfon fo defignated to any Pains, Penalty, or Forfeiture, for his ading in the Execution of the Ads herein mentioned.

44 Perfons appointed by recited Ad or this Ad {hall have the Qua-44 lifications required by 38 G. 3. c. 5. and 38 G. 3. c. 48.—§ 2.

44 Qualified Perfons in Cities, &c. rated to the Duty on PenGons,

44 Sec. may ad as Commiflioners. §3. Perfons not properly named,

44 or whofe Names have been omitted, who may have aded a« Com-

I 3	44	mi^^ioncr81•



Google

General ifilitia Act for Ireland.

49 G.3.C.120.]

45 G. 3. c. 53. § 61.

“ miffioners, (hall be indemnified: and all Adi dene by them (hall be u valid. § 4.

CAP. LVI.

An Act for completing the Militia of Ireland. [3d June 1809.]

*' Recital of 49 G. 3. c. 5. Number equsl to Two-fifths of the r‘ Eftablifhment of the Militia in Ireland* (hall be raifed within Twelve “ Months. Eftabliffiment of augmented Regiments (hall remain as 44 under 44 G. 3. c. 33. and of the others as under General Militia Ad ;

44 ail above (hall be conGdcrcd as Supernumeraries. § 1. Men (hall 44 be raifed by volunteering. Lord Lieutenant (hall give Direftions to 44 the Calonels and the Treafury as under 44 G. 3. c. 33. and all the 44 Powers of that Aft (hall be applied in Execution of this Aft.

44 Bounty (hall not exceed SI. Sr. Oaths of Volunteers fo raifed (hall “ be the fame as that of Subllitutes. § 2. Further Sum of One Guinea 41 per Man may be advanced to the Colonel for Expenccs of procuring “ Men; but no Part thereof (hall be paid to the Volunteers. §3,4.

M Men may be required by Lord Lieutenant to be raifed by Ballot,

41 and in fuch Cate they (hall be raifed as under exiiling Afts relating 44 to Irijh Militia. § 5. General Meetings of the Governors, &c. in 41 each County, witmn Ten Days after Lord Lieutenant’s Order, (hall • 44 appoint the Number of Men for each Subdivifion, &c. $ 6. Bounty 44 to ballotted Men and Subllitutes (hall be paid under Regulations 44 of Lord Lieutenant. § 7. Colonels (hall fend Monthly to Lord 44 Lieutenant’s Chief Secretary, and to Clerk of Annual Meetings,

44 Lifts of Men enrolled. §8. Fine of 30/. on Counties for every 44 Man deficient at the End of Twelve Months after palling this Aft ;

44 on Certificate of Deficiency by Colonels to Trcafurers of Counties,

44 which (hall be laid before the Judges of Afiize ; and the Fine levied 44 by the Treafurer’s Order of the Court. §9. Treafurer (hall pay 44 Money levied toColhftbrs of Excife. § 10. Counties (hall not be 41 charged for any Men raifed under this Aft within Twelve Months 44 after the paffing of this Aft. All former Afts (hall remain in force,

41 except as exprcfsly altered by this Aft. § 11. After Augujl 1, 1810,

44 Two further Periods may be appointed tor eniitting ot Militia Men 44 into the Regulars. § 12. £See 49 G. 3. c. 5; § 3.) Aft may be 44 repealed or altered this StfTiaai. § 13.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for improving the Quality of Beer in Ireland, by further preventing the Ufe of unnralted Corn, or of any deleterious o*r unwholefome Ingredients therein, ami for the better fecuring the Colleftionof the Malt Duties in Ireland.

[3d June 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Aft made in the Forty-fifth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An A8 for the Collection 4 of the Malt Duties in Ireland and regulating the Trade of a Maltfter%

4 it is amongil other Things enafted, That in every Cafe where the 4 Stock of Malt in the Pufitffion of any Maltfter, or of any Faftor or 4 Dealer in Malt, or of any Brewer or Diftiller, (ball be lefs than the 4 Quantity of Malt which by the Stock Account kept by any Officer



Google

A.D.iSopS	49*-GEO. Ill*	C»S7*	V9

*	of Excife ought to be in the Poffeffion of fuch Malt ft er, Fa&or,

‘ Dealer, Brewer, or Diftiller, every fuch Perfon (hall for every fuch

*	Time fuch Decreafe (hall appear, forfeit the Sum of Fifteen Shil-f lings for every Barrel of Malt which (hall fo appear to be deficient ;*

Be it enaded by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confcnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority

of the fame, That every fuch Perfon (hall, for every Time fuch Dc- Penalty on

creafe (hall appear, forfeit the Sum of Thirty Shillings for every undup Decreafe

Barrel of Malt which (hall fo appear to be deficient, inftead of the of Malt 3o«. per

faid Sum of Fifteen Shillings in the faid Ad mentioned: Provided

always, that whereas by rcafon of the Quantiry of Malt being taken in

account of by the Officer according to the Gauge, and being fold or

ufed or confumed by fuch Maltfter, Fador, Dealer, Brewer or Diftiller,

in Buffiels or Barrels, according to the Weight thereof, Detic’encics

may anfe between fuch Stock Account and the aduai Quantity of

Malt in Store, no Malrfter, Fador, Dealer, Brewer, or Dilii ler,

/hall be liable to fuch Penalty of Thirty Shillings per Barrel in any Cafe where fuch Decreafe (hall not exceed the Proportion of one Barrel of Malt for every Twenty Barrels of the whole Quantity in which fuch Decreafe (hall appear, unlefs in Cafe3 where Fraud or Intention of Fraud (hail appear; any Thing in the faid recited Ad or this Ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enaded. That fo much of an Ad made in the 4 8 G. a. c. 79. Forty^eighth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An AS £ b. repealed in to amend the T<we A Els for the collecting of the Malt Duties in Ireland, Purl*

and regulating the Trade of a Maltjler, as enafts that no Place which (hall

have a Communication by internal Doors with, or (hall be adjoining to

that Part of any Diilillery or Brewery where any Keeve or other

Veffci for maffiing (hall be kept, (hall be regiftcred as a Store for

keeping of Malt, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed ; and that No Mafh Keeve

from and after the Day of paffing this Ad, no Mafh Keeve, nor fliallheregiltered

any Pait or Piace of any Diftillery or Brewery where ady M (h Keeve a Malt Store.

(hall be kept, (hall be entered or regiftered as a Store for keeping of

Malt by any Brewer or Diftiller in Ireland.

III.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the Expiration Penalty on

of Ten Days alter the Day of paffing of this Ad, if ar.y Worts which Worts not being fhall have been drawn off from the M-(h Keeve more than Twenty-	24

four Hours, (hall be found in the Poffeffion of ary Brewer, dr in the forfeiture and licenfed Brewery of fuch Brewer, or in the Stores thereto belonging, j0ol. not mixed with or in which there (hall not be infufed Hops in Quantity Efficient to make the fame into Beer, AU, or Porter, allTuch Worts (h:ll be forfeited and may be feized, and fuch Brewer (hail forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

IV.	And be it further enaded. That from and after the Expiration Penally on of Ten Days after the Day of paffing of this Ad, no Brewer or Brewers felling Brewers, or Perfon or Perfons lictnfed to brew Strong Beer, Porter, Walh 5001. &c. Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, (hall give, fell, or in any Manner dif-

pofe of any Worts, ,or Pot Ale, to any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever 5 and in cafe any (uch Brewer or Brewtrs, or Perfon or Perfons fo licenfed, (hall at any Time givi, fell, or in ar.y Manner difpofe of any Worts, or Pot Ale, to ary Prrfon or Perfons whatfoever, fuch Brewer or Brewers, or Perfon or Perfons fo giving, felling, or in any Manner difpofmg of the fame, (hall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred

14	Pounds;



*20

Malt {hall not be removed from Malt Stores into Mill or Ifrewery without Permit.

5	’	*v, For-

■ and 40l.

If Brewers* Licence (hall become forfeited, no freih Licence (hall be granted without increafed Security.

C.57.	490 GEO. III.	A.D. 1809*

Pounds; and any Licence granted to fuch Brewer or Perfon (ball thereupon be and become tpfo faBo void, and fuch Brewer (hall be confidered as unlicenfed, and )iab:etoali fuch Penalties and Forfeitures as Perfons brewing Strong Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, without having a Licenfe for that Purpofe in force, (hall be liable to by any A£f or A6\s in force iwr Ireland for that Purpofe.

V.	And be it further enabled, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the Day of paffing of this A61, n * Mait (hall at any Time be removed from or out ot the Stores, or ether Room or Place of any Brewer or Perfon licenftd to brew Strong Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, or (hall be brought or conveyed into the Mill, Brewery, or Mafh Kceve, of fuch Brewer o- Perfon without a Permit for the fame ; and that the Brewer or Perfon applying for fuch Permit, (hall in his or their Requeft Note for obtaining the fame, (fate the Day and Hour of the Day on which fuch Brewer or Perfon intends to begin to ma(h or brew the Malt fo to be removed 5 and in cafe any Quantity of Malt, ground or unground, whether in any Procef9 of brewing or not, (hall be found in the Mill, Brewery, or Mafh Keeve of fuch Brewer or Perfon fo licenfed, and a Pctmit for removing the fame into fuch Mill, Brewery, or Ma(h Keeve, (hall not on Demand of any Officer of Excife be produced, or Proof made to fuch Officer that fuch Permit had been granted for fuch Malt, and that fuch Permit was afterwards loft or miflaid, or if any fuch Malt (hall be found in Procefs of brewing or mafhing, or wetting before the Time fpecified in the Requeft Note for fuch Permit, in either of fuch Cafes all fuch Malt fhall be forfeited and may be leized, and fuch Brewer or Perfon (hall forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds, and every fuch Permit fhall from Time to Time be delivered by fuch Brewer or Perfon, or his Servant, to the Surveyor or other Officer of Excife in Charge of the Mait Stores of fuch Brewer or P rfon, within Twelve Hours after the Expiration of the Time for which fuch Permit (hall be in force, or at any Time within fuch Twelve Hours, on Demand thereof made by fuch Officer ; and if fuch Permit fhall not be delivered to fuch Officer accordingly, fuch Brewer or Perfon fhall forfeit for every Negied Twenty Pounds.

VI.	And be it further ehaCltd, That whenever it fhall happen that the Licer-fe of any Perfon licenfed to brew Strong Beer, Po.ter, Ale, or Small Beer for S«le, fhall become forfeited or void by reafon of any Offence againft this Ad, or any Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to fuch Brewers, or to the brewing or making of Strong Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, no future JLicenfe (hall be granted to fuch Perfon, nor to any other Perfon to brew in the fame Brewery, unlefs fuch Perfon fo to be licenfed ffcali have firft entered into a Bond to His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, in the Penalty ot One thoufand Pounds, (that is to fay), the Perfon licenfed in Five hundred Pounds, and Two Sur^tfrs in Two hundred and fifty Pounds each, fuch Sureties to be approved of by the Commiffioner^ of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or by fome Perfon to be by them authorized in that Behalf, and fuch Bond to be conditioned that fuch Perfon fo licenfed fhall in all Things well and truly conform to and obey the Laws in force in Ireland relating to Perfons licenfed to brew Strong Beer, Ale, or Porter for Sale, and fhall not in any Particular tranfgrcfs any A& or A6ts of Parliament with refpe& to Perfons fo lictnled, or with refpeA to the brewing or making of Strong Beer,

Porter,

 t^ooQle

A.D.i8o#	49° GEO. III. C.57.	W

Porter, Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, or any Claufe, Matter, or Thing whatever in any fuch A& or A6ts of Parliament, which are or (hall be in force at the Time of the granting or during the Continuance of any fuch Licenfe ; and in cafe it (hall happen, that any Perfons fo licenfed (hall a fecond Time offend, and fuch Licence (hall be a fecond Time forfeited, fuch Perfon (hall be incapable of receiving a Licence for the Space-of Three Years from the Twenty-ninth Day of September next enfuing the Time of the Forfeiture of fuch Licence, and no Licence (hall after fuch fecond Offence be granted to any Perfon whatever to brew in the Brewery of the Party fo offending, until the Expiration of Three Years from the Twenty-ninth Day of September next enfuing fuch fecond Forfeiture of fuch Licence, nor unlefs the r Perfon licenfed to brew in fuch Brewery (hall enter into a Bond in the Penalty of Two thoufand Pounds, (that is to fay), the Perfon licenfed in One thoufand Pounds, and Two Sureties in Five hundred Pounds each, to be approved of, and fuch Bond to be conditioned as immediately herein before direfted.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe the Commiffioners of Permits may be Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, on Application made to them for

that Purpofe by any Brewer, and on Affidavit made by fuch Brewer fold by Brewers, of the Circumftances under which be (hall be defirous to fell any Malt which he is not authorized by Law to fell, (hall think it fitting and expedient that fuch Brewer (bould be allowed to fell fuch Malt, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, or any Three or more of them, by an Order under their Hands, to direct that a Permit (hall be granted for the Removal of fuch Malt; and fuch Permit (hall be granted, and fuch Malt (hall and may be removed accordingly,- any Thing in any Aft or Acls to the contrary notwith-ftanding ; and fuch Brewer fhall not be liable to any Penalty, nor (hall fuch Malt be liable to Seizure or Forfeiture on account of fuch Sale.

VIII.	And, to prevent Brewers from ufing Brewing Coppers or For regillering Coppers in their Cooperages as Stills, be it enabled, That from and Coppers, Math after the Expiration of Ten Days after the Day of paffing this A&, £uns an<*

no Licence (hall be given or granted to any Perfon to brew Strong peeves, m

00	j	n	ftt’pweritti

Beer, Porter, A'e, or Small Beer for Sale, unlefs the Party applying for fuch Licence (hall have previoufly entered and regiftered in the Excife Office of the Diftrict, every Brewing Copper and every other Copper of any Sort whatever which fuch Perfon (hall have in his Brewery or Premifes, whether for brewing or for fealding or (teaming Calks or otherwife, and alfo every Maffi Tun and Keeve in any fuch Brewery or Premifes, deferibing in the faid Entry or Regifter the Contents of all and every fuch Copper or Coppers, and alfo deferibing for what Purpofe they arc or (hall be ufed, and whether the fame or any of them are Steam-tight or not, and in like Manner deferibing the Contents and Dimenfions of every fuch M^ffi Tun or Keeve ; and in cafe any Perfon fo licenfed (hall at any Time during the Continuance of fuch Licence, make any Alteration in any Copper,Ma(h Tun, or Keeve fo regiftered, or (hall ere& or fet up any new Copper* Maffi Tun, or Keeve, fuch Perfon fhali §nake a like Entry and Regiftry of fuch Alteration, or of fuch Copper, Maffi Tun, or Keeve fo newly erc-dted, in the laid Excife Office ; and in cafe any Perfon fo licenfed fhall ufe or have in his or her Brewery or Premifes, any Copper or Coppers, or Maffi Tun or Keeve not fo entered and regiftered, or other than fuch as fhall be entered and regiftered as aforefaid, every

fuch



Google

12*

P«»Tty ©* Brewers u/wg nwrr.altrd Corn. Firft Offence 3001.

SccomI OfipKe 50oL &e.

For r#gilterin£ Barley Stores in Bfewerita.

€.57,	49°	GEO, III,	A.D. 1809*

fuch Perfon (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and if any Copper in the Brewery or on the Premifes of any Perfon fo licenfed fhall be ufed for any Purpofc of Difttllation, every fu?h Copper, and all the Contents thereof, and all and every other VtlLl and Uunfil in the Brewery or Prerrifes cf fuch Ptrfon, /hall be forfeited and may be feized, and the Licence of fuch Perfon (hall be and become null 3nd void ; and if any Mafh Tun or Keeve, or other VeiTel not fo entered or regiftered, (hall be found in ufe for the Purpofc of making Malt, or containing any ground Malt, every fuch Mafh Tun, Keeve, or other Vtffel, and the Contents thereof, fhall be forfeited, and may be feized.

IX.	And be it further enafttd, That from and after Ten Days after the pafling of this Aft, no Brewer or other Ptrfon or Perfons in Ireland making or pro ft fling to make Betr, Ale, Porter, or Small Beer for Sale, (hall ufe any raw or unmalted Corn in the brewing or making of any Beer, Ale, Porter, or Small Beer for Sale, or in the making or preparing of any Liquor to imitate or to refemble, or to be mixed with, or to be ufed, fold, or difpofed of or delivered as or for Beer, Ale, Porter, or Small Beer, nor fhall any Brewer or other Per-fon or Perfons in Ireland fell, difpofe of, fend, or deliver, or caufe to be fold, difpofed of, fent, or delivered to any Perfon or Perfons whatever, as or for Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer, any Liquor made or prepared from raw or unmalted Corn, or in the making whereof any raw or unmalted Corn fhall have been ufed 5 and if any Brewer or other Perfon in Ireland, fhall at any Time ufe any raw or unmahed Corn in the brewing or making of any Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, or in the brewing, making, or preparing any Liquor which fhall be afterwards fold, difpofed of, or delivered as or for Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer, every fuch Brewer or other Perfon (hall for the firft Offence forfeit the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds ? and for the fecond and every fubfequent Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; one half of the faid Forfeitures to be paid to the Informer; and upon Conviftion for the third Offence therein, the Licence of fuch Perfon as a Brewer fhall be null and void ; and all Liquor fo made or prepared from raw or unraalted Corn in the Brewery or Stores of any fuch Brewer or other Perfon or Perfons in Ireland, brewing Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, or profefiing fo to do, together with every Copper, Cooler, Back, Tun, Vat, or other Veffel or Utenfil whatfoever in which any fuch Liquor Stall be contained, or which fhall have been made ufe of or employed for or in the Brewery, making or preparing fuch Beer, Porter, Alt, or Small Beer for Sale as aforefaid, fhall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife in Ireland,

X.	And be it further enafted. That from and after Ten Days after the paffing of this Aft, every Perfon or Perfons licenfed to brew Strong Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, who fhall have any Malthoufe adjoining to or connefted, or communicating with his Brewery, fhall enter and regifter at the Excife Office of the Diftrift, every Store Room and Place belonging to fuch Malthoufe, in which Barley, or Grain called Bere or Big fhall be depofited, and that no Store for Barley or Grain called Bere or Big fhall in any Cafe be adjoining to or connefted with, or be open by Means of any Door or Doorway immediately to the Place in fuch Brewery where any Malt fhall be wetted or mafhed, or any Worts fhall be boiled, cooled, or

hopped ;



GoogI

A.D.1809.	49® GEO. III. ,	0.57*	M3

hopped ; and all Barley or Grain called Bere or Big, which (hall be found in any Part of fuch Brewery or Malthoufe, other than in fuch Room or Place fo regiftered, and fo feparate and apart from fuch Brewery, (hall be forfeited and may be feezed, and the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Stores, Cuftody or Poffcffion fuch Barley or Grain called Bere or Big (hall be found, (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That frofh and after Ten Days For regiftering after the paffing of this Aft, every Perfon or Perfons licenfed to Oat Store* in brew as aforefaid, (hall in like Manner enter a d regifter in the Breweries. Excife Office of the Diflrift, every Store Room and Place in which

Oats fhall or may at any Time be depofited, and that no fuch Store Room or Piace fhall be adjoining to or connefted with, or be open by means of any Door or Doorway immediately to the Piace where any Malt fhall be wetted or mafhed, or any Worts fhall be boiled, cooled, or hopoed \ and any Oats which fhall be found in the Poffcffion of any fuch Perfon or Perfons, in any other Piace than a Store or Place fo regiftered, fhall be forfeited and may be feized; and fuch Perfon or Perfons in whofe Cullody, Store or Poffcffion, fuch Oats (hall be found, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That from and after Ten Days Raw Corn after the paffing of this Aft, no Brewer or other Perfon in Ireland .orH making or profeffing to make Ale, Beer, Porter, or Small Beer, fhall {biUbT*" have in his or her Brewery, or in any Part of the Premifes connefted forfeited, with his or her Brewery, any raw or unmalted Corn ground or

bruifed, and that all raw or unmalted Corn ground or bruifed, which (hall be found in fuch Brewery or Premifes, together with all Sacks,

VcffcU or Packages in which fuch raw Corn ground or bruifed (hall be contained, and all Carts, Drays, and other Carriages on which fuch raw Corn or unmalted C >rn belonging to fuch Brewer or Perfon, grouud or bruifed, fhall be found in the Courfe of Conveyance, and all Horfes attached to every fuch Cart, Dray or other Carriage, fhall be forfeited, and may be refpeftively feized by any Officer or Officers of the Excife.

XIII.	And be it further enafted. That from and after Ten Days penalty fog after the paffing of this Aft, no Brewer or other Perfon in Ireland ufing Drugs 5a (hall ufe any Sugar Water, Diftillers’ Spent-wafh, Sugar, Melaffcs, brewing, 100L Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Indicus, Grains of Paradife, Guinea Pepper, Opium, or any Ingredient whatfoever, wnich fhall poffefs any deleterious or unwholtfome Quality, in the making or brewing

of any Beer, Porter, Ale or Small Beer ; and if any Brewer or other Perfon fhall ufe any fuch Ingredients in the brewing or making of any Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer, every fuch Brewer or other Perfon (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and all JLiquor in the brewing of which any fuch Sugar Water,

Diftlllen^, Spent-wafh, Sugar, MclafTes, Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Indicue, Grains of Paradifc, Guinea Pepp r, Opium, or any Ingredient which fhall polfefs any deleterious or unwholefome Quality fhall have been ufed, and all fuch Sugar Water, Diftilkrs* Spent-wafh,

Sugar, MelafTes, Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Indicus, Grains of Para-dife, Guinea Pepper, Opium, or Ingredient, in the Brewery or Stores of every fuch Brewer or other Pcrlon, together with every Copper,

Cooler, Back/ Tun, Vat or other Vcffel in which any fuch Lquor,

Material

 i^ooQle

Colouring for porter.

Bounty to Retailers of Beer to he difrontiimed,

4“ G7a. c. 50.

§ r,..

46 G. 3. C. 64.

§ 8.

Powers of 4S G. 3. c. 53. applied to this Aa:

C.57-	#	49°	GEO.	IIL	A.D.1809^

Material, or other Ingredient (hall be contained, or which {hall have been made ufe of or employed for brewing fuch Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Bttr as aforefaid, fhail be forfeited, and may be feized or fpilied and deftrOyed : Provided always, that nothing herein contained {hall beconllrued to prevent any Porter Brewer from ufing any Article known by the Name of Criourin?, provided that the fame (had be made or pieparea from burnt S”gar only, ard reduced to a bitttr Liquid by the Infuliofi of Water ; and if any Brewer fliall ufe in the brewing of Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer, any Extra# from Sugar not of the alorefaid Defcription, or a^y Colouring pofftfling any deleterious or unwholefome Quality whatfoever, fuch Beer, Ale, Porter, or Small Bier, and fuch Extra# from Sugar and Colourings which {ball be found in the Brewery or Stores of fuch Brewer, {ball be forfeited, as?d fhail and may be feized or fp lled and dcdroved, and all Vcffels in which the fame {hall be contained (hall be forfeited and may be feized, and fuch Brewer fliall alfo for every fuch Offence forfeit the Suip of One hundred Pounds.

XIV.	And whereas the Allowances made by Law to Perfon* retailing Beer, Porter, or Ale, are not neceffary to be continued longer than until the Twenty-ninth Day of September, OneTboufand eight Hundred and nine, be it therefore enaded, That it (hall not be lawful for any Perfon liccnfed to fell Spirituous L;quora, Wine, Beer, A!e and Cyder by Retail, in the Cities of Dublin, Cork, Waterford or Limerick, to require, demand or receive any Certificate from the Commifiioners of Excife, for the Purpofe of claiming any Bounty in refped of any Quantity ot Strong Beer or Ale, that fuch Perfon may have fold by Rttail in the Year ending the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and nine, or within any fobfiqnent Year; and that it fhali not be lawful for the Commifiioners of Excife to give or grabt any fuch Certificate, cor for the Commifiioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland to pay any Bounties to any fuch Perfons in refped of any Quantity of Strong Beer or Alt fold by f«ich Perfon by Retail within the faid Year, or within any fubftquent Year, any Thing in an Ad made in the Forty-filth Year of His prefen t Maje fly’s Re'gn, intituled, An Ad for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder by Retail, and for difeouraging the immoderate Ufe of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, or in an Ad made in the Forty-fixth Year of His prefent Majefly’s Reign, intituled, An A3 to repeal the feveral Duties under the Care of the Commijfioners for managing the Duties upon Jlamped VHum, Parchment and Paper in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland, to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Ad fhail be recovered, levied, and applied in fuch Manner as is direded by the faid recited Ad of the Forty-fifth Year of his prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An A3 for the ColleSion of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltjler, with refped to Penalties and Forfeitures under the faid recited Ad, and that all the Powers, Claufes, Provifions, Rules and Regulations contained in the faid recited Ad, or in any Ad or Ads for amending the fame, fhail be applied in the Execution of this Ad, as fully and effeduaily to all Intents and Pnrpofes as if the faid Claufes, Provifions, Rules and Regulations were repeated and re-enadtd in this Ad, and that

 CjOOQle

A.D. 1809.	490 GEO. III.	C.57,58.	»2S

the faid recited A& and this A& (hall be conftrued together as one Ad, fo far as the fame are confident and compatible with each other, and as the faid recited Ad of the Forty fifth Year is altered and amended by this Ad, or by anv other Ad or Ads in Force at the Time of the palling of this Ad.

44 Ad may be altered this Sefiion. § 16.

CAP. LVIII.

An Ad to explain and render more effedual an Ad, parted in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies.	[3d	June	1809.3

*	TT7HEREAS by an Ad, made in the Parliament of Ireland 9 VV in the Thirty-fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign,

4 intituled, An A3 for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly So* hi fit A<ft,

*	cieties, reciting that feveral benevolent and charitable Initiations 36 G. 3. c.

4 and Societies had been formed in Ireland, for the Purpofe of re-

*	lievmg by voluntary Subfcriptions and Benefadions the Widows,

4 Orphans, and Families of the Clergy, both of the eltablifhed 4 Church and DifTenters, and others in diftrefTed Qircumftances; cer-4 tain Regulations were made for the Benefit of fuch of the faid 4 Charitable Inftitutions and Societies as fhould procure the Rules for f the Diftribution and Management of their Funds, to be prefented 4 to the Juftices of the Peace at any Quarter St fiions to be hoiden 4 within the Time limited in the faid Act: And whereas it is expe-4 dient to extend the Benefits of the faid Ad to fuch Charitable Iofti-4 tutions and Societies, for the Purpofes aforefaid, as may have omitted 4 to regifter their Rules for the Diftribution and Management of their 4 Funds, within the Time limited by the faid recited Ad; and alfo 4 to fuch Charitable Inftitutions and Societies for the Purpofes afore*

4 faid, as have been inftituted fince the faid recited Ad, or may here*

4 after be inftitiitcd \y Be it therefore enaded by the King's molt Excellent Majcfty, bv and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affcmbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and AH Friendly after the parting of this Ad, it fhall and may be lawful for the Mem- ?^ietlej ., bers of any Charitable Inftitution or Society, which, at any Time b

before the parting of the faid recited Ad or this Ad, (hall have been puffing the eftablifhed, or which at any Time after the parting of this Ad (hall recited Adt may and may be eftabli(hcd in that Part of the United Kingdom called frame Rules for Ireland for the Purpofes aforefaid, to frame good and wholtfofne Rules, lhe Management Orders, and Regulations, for the Management and Diftribution of ofthcir und,# their Funds, and fuch Rules, Orders, and Regulations, from Time to Time to amend and alter, and to make new Rules a3 occafion (hall require, and aS (hall appear neceflary to the Majority of the faid Societies refpedively at their regular Publick Meetings, or any Adjournment thereof, fo as fuch Rules, Orders, and Regulations (hall not be repugnant to the Laws i» force in Ireland, or to any of the exprefs Provifions’ or Regulations of the faid recited Adi.

II. Provided always, and be it enadled, That all fuch Rules, Or- Such Rules (M ders, and Regulations, (hall be exhibited in Writing under the S‘:gna> be fubmitted to ture of the Chairman, Prefident, Moderator, or Regifter of fuch So. lhe ^uarter .	cieties

 c^ooQle

12(5

Seffions, who may coufirm them*

Societies, whofe Rules {hall be fo confirmed, {hall be entitled to the Benefit Of xeciied A<ft.

funds of the Societies ihall be applied to the furpofcsof the Bofletfia only.

C.58.	^	49# GEO. III.	A.D.1809.

defies refpedively, with all convenient Soeed after the fame fliall have been made, altered, or amended, to thr Affiftant Barrifter and Juft cea of the Peace aflembled at the General Quarter Scffions of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, in and lor the County, County of a Cry, or Countv of a Town where fuch Charitable Inftitution or Society (hall be refpedively eftablifhed ; and fuch Rules, Orders, and Regulation* (hail be fubj-d to the Review of fuch A Aidant Barrifter and Juftices; and in cafe fuch Rules, Orders, ard Regulations fhaft be found upon Examination by the faid AfiHant Barrifter and Juftice*, either at the then or the then next iubttquenc S-fiion to c. n'aia nothing repugnant to the Laws of this Realm, or the expreft Pro-vifion of the faid recited Ad, fuch Afti l?nt Barrifter and Juftices [hall and may, and they are hereby autSoriz-d, empowered, and required to order the C’erk of the Peace to fi^n the fame, and to file a Duplicate of fuch Rules, Orders, and Regulatons, and to depofit the lame with the Rolls of faid S^fli ms, in like Manner as is required by the faid.recited Ad in other like Cafes ; And in cafe it (hall happen that any fuch Charitable Inftitution or Society (hall confift of Members refiding in more Counties than one, then and in fuch Cafe all fuch Rules, Orders, and Regulations may and (hall be confirmed and regiftered as aforefaid by the Afliftant Barrifter and Juftices in and for the County in which fuch Society (hall be eftablifhed, or in any other County feieded for that Purpole by fuch Society, and wherein any of the Members of fuch Society (hall refide.

, III. And be it further ensded. That all fuch Charitable Societies or Inftitutions for the Puroofes aforefaid, whofe Rules, Orders, and Regulations (hall at any Time after the paffing of this Ad be fo approved and filed as herein diredrd, (hall be entitled to the Benefit of the faid recited Ad of the Thirty-fixth Year aforefaid, and of all the Claufes and Provifmns in the faid Ad contained, in relation to the Appointment of a Treafurer or Treafurers, Truftee or Trullees, and to the taking Security from fuch Treafurer, and to the lending of any Part of the Capital Stock or Fund of fuch Societies or Inftitutions on Publick or Private Securities, and to the proteding, fecuring, transferring, or recovering the fame> and the faid recited Ad (hall extend and be ccnftrued to extend to all fuch Charitable Inftitutions and Societies witn relation to the feveral Matters before mentioned, as fully as if the fame were repeated and re-en?ded in this Ad.

IV. Provided always, and be it cnaded, That it (hall not be law. fulforany Treafurer or other Officer entrufted with Monies belonging to any fuch Charitable Society or Inftitution for the Purpofes aforefaid, to apply or appropriate any Part thereof under any Pretext what, ever, to any Ufes or Purpofes other than the Payment of the An. imitie9 to the Widows, Orphans, or Families of deceafed Members of fuch Chrritable Societies or Inftitutions entitled to the fame, excepting only fuch reafonable Salary for his Trouble and Expep.ce attending the Management of the Funds of any fuch Charitable Society or Inftitution refpedively, as (hall be allowed to fuch Treafurer or Officer in the regular Settlement of his Accounts, with the Members, Tnjftees, or Governors thereof; and that any Surplus remaining in the Hands of any Perfon being fuch Treafurer or other Officer, after paying the Annuities and deduding the Salary and Expences of Management as aforefaid, (hall be added to and accounted for as Part of the Capital Stock or Fund of the Charitable Society or Inftitution

refpedively,



Google

A.D. 1809.	49®	GEO.	III.	C.58,	59,60.

refpeft’vely, of which fuch Perfon (hall be Trcafurer or Officer re* fpeftively.

CAP. LIX.

An Act to permit the Trade between Great Britain and the United States of America to be carried on in Ships or Veffels belonging to the Inhabitants of the faid States.

*	'	[3d	7une	1809O

WHEREAS it is expedient to permit the Importation, into Great Britain, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the * Growth, Produ&ion, and Manufacture of the United States of * America, directly from thence in Snips or Veffels belonging to the * Subjects of thofe StatesBe it therefore ena&cd by the King's moft Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, Tha: it (hall be lawful for any Pcrfon or Pcrfons to import into Great Britain dire&ly from any*of the Territories of the United States of America, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, being of the Growth, Produce, and Manufa&are of any of the faid United States, which are not prohibited by Law to be imported from Foreign Countries, in Ships or Veffels built in the Countries belonging to the United States of America, or any of them, or in Ships or Veffels taken by any of the Ships or Veffels of War belonging to the Government or any of the Inhabitants of the faid United States having Commiffions or Letters of Marque and Reprifal from the Government of the faid United States, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty of the faid United States, of which Condemnation Proof (hall be given to the Commif-(ioners of H's Majefty's Cuftoms, or any Four or more of them, in England or Scotland refpe&ively, and owned by the Subjects of the faid United States, if any of them, and whereof the Mailer and Three-fourths of the Mariners at lead are Subjt&s of the faid United States ; and to enter and land fuch Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, on Payment of fuch Duties as are or may be payable on Articles of the like Defcription when imported into Great Britain in Ships or Vcffels^not bting Briti/h-built; any Thing contained in an Aft pafftd in the Twelfth Year of His Majcfty King Charles the Second, intituled, An A3 for the encouraging and increajing of Shipping and Navigation. or in any other Aft or A£h of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LX.

An Act for allowing the Importation from any Port in Europe or Africa, of Goods or Commodities the Growth or Produce of any Country, until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.	[3d	June	1809.]

*	\T 7 HE RE AS it is expedient, during the Continuance of Hofti-‘ VV litits, to allow the Importation of Goods or Commodities,

•	under certain Circumftances, from Parts of Africa or Europe, from ‘ whence they cannot mow be imported by Law •* Be it therefore

enafttd

4

127

American Goods may be imported into Great Britain in American Veffels, on like Duties as if imported in Ship not Britiih-built,

J2 Car. 2. e. Iff.

By Order of

Council, during Hoftilities, &c. Goods, the

Produce of any Country, may be



fa8

imported into the United Kingdom, from any Part of Europe or Africa, in Britifh •r Friendly Ships, however mvigated.

Importation* under former Orders of Council valid.

C.6o,6r.	49° GEO. III.	A.D.1809,

enaft^d by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by ind with the Advice

and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the paffing of this Aft, during the Continuance of Hoftilities, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, it (hall and may be Lawful, under any Order of Council already iflued or to be iflued, to import into the United Kingdom from anv Part of Europe or Africa in any Britjb Ship or Veffel, or in any Ship or V-fTel belonging to any Country in Amity with His Majefty, in any Manner navigated, any Goods or Commodities which may be lawfully imported, being the Growth or Produce of any Country, upon Payment of the fame Duties, and fubieft to the fame Rules, Regulations, and Reftriftions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the fame would be fubjtft to if imported dircftly from the Place of the Growth or Produce of iuch Goods or Commodities refpeftively, in the fame Ships or Veffcls refptftiveiy.

II.	And be it further enafted, That every Importation of Goods or Commodities from any Part of Europe or Afiica> under any Order of Council which has already iflued, and which would have "been warranted by this Aft, (hall be deemed and taken to be good in Law, in the fame Manner as if fuch Order had been iflued in purfuance of this Aft, any Aft or Afta now in force to the contrary notwith-flanding.

Sugar and Coffee of Martinique, &c. liable to Duty on Importation as Sugar and Coffee not of the Britifti Plantations.

CAP. LXI.

An Aft: for making Sugar and Coffee of Martinique and Mariew gnlantc liable to Duty on Importation as Sugar and Coffee not of the Britijh Plantations.	[3d June 1809.3

WHEREAS the Iflands of Martinique and Mariegalante in the Wejl Indies have been furrendered to His Majefty’s Arms, and 4 are now in His Majefty’s PoflVffion; in consequence whereof the 4 Trade of the faid Iflands is now by Law to be carried on in the fame 4 Manner as the Trade of the other Britijh Colonies and Plantations 4 in the Wejl Indies: And whereas it is expedient at prefent that 4 Sugar and Coffee, the Growth, Produftion, or Manufafture of the 4 faid Iflands, fhouid not be permitted to be imported into this 4 Kingdom upon the fame Terms as Sugar and Coffee of the Briti/h 4 Plantations 5’ Be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That Sugar and Coffee, the Growth, Produft on, or Manufafture of the Iflands of Martinique and Mariegalante^ imported into this Kingdom, (hall be fubjeft to the Payment of fuch Duties, and alfo to fuch Rules, Regulations, and Reftriftions, Penalties, and Forfeitures as are by Law impofed and provided, in the Cafe of Importations of Sugar and Coffee not of the Britijh Plantations; any Law, Cuftom, or Ufagc to the contrary now withftanding.	6

CAP*

 CjOOQle

A:D. t^dgl	49*	GEO.	Ill;	0*62.’	tzg

CAP. LXII.

An Act to amend feveral Afts for the Prevention of* Smug-' gling; for better feeuring the Duties on Coals, Culm, andj Cinders; and for permitting the Exportation of Salt, Pepper, [ and Wine, from Guernfey or Jerfey to Sark, in fmall Packages**

[3d June 1809.]

€ "TX/^EREAS the Officers of the Cuftoms and Excife, and'

*	\ V other Perfons authorized t;o make Seizures, are frequently'

4 prevented from feizing Goods fubjeft to Forfeiture, with which

*	Ships, Veffels, and Boats may have been laden, by reafoti of the 4. fame having been thrown overboard during the Chace; and if fucH

*	Ships are found light, or the Goods are not afterwards difeovereej 4 and feized, the Perfons qn board are not liable to be arrefled and^

4 ^detained under the Authority of an Aft paffed in the Forty-fifth

*	Year of His prefent Mtj^fty, intituled, An A3 for the more eJjeBuat 4jGr,3. c. XS|£

4 Prevention of Smuggling: And whereas it is expedient in certaiff

4 £afes tp make Provifion for the Arreft and Detention of Perfons oq^

4 board fuch Ships, Veffels, and Boats, and for rewarding the Officer*

4 by whom fuch Perfons are fo arrefted and detained;* Be it therefore cnafted by the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, by and with th<f . - . r Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, arfd Com* rnons, in thi9 prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That whenever any Sh*p, Vtffel, or Boat, belonging in th^ Ever* Perfon Whole or in Part to His Majefty’s Subjects, for which the Owdej; (not a Paffenger) or Owners thereof are required to have a Licence for navigating th$ on hoard Britifh fame from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Com- Veffels required milfioners of the Admiralty far the Time being, or other Perfon| tobehcerfedby duly authorized t6 grant the fame, (hall be found or discovered to have fo,md withiiuhe been within Four or Eight Leagues of fuch Part of the Coaftsof Limits herein Great Britain or Ireland refpeftively, as are in any Aft or Afts ojf mentioned, from Parliament in force on and immediately before the palling of this A$ which any Part deferibed and fpecified as to fuch refpeftive Didances of Four cy Eight Leagues, or found in any Part of the Britifh or Iri/h Channel^, overboard,^haH or elfewhere on the High Seas, within One hundred Leagues of any forfeit toil. *c. Part of the Coafts of Great Britain or Ireland, and any Perfon or Perfons on board fuch Ship, Veffcl, or Boat, (hall, at any Time during the Chace, or previous to fuch Ship, Vcffel, or. Boat being takep Poffcflion of, within any or either of fuch Limits or Diftance Yforefaicj* unfhip, or throw overboard the Cargo, or any Part of the Catfgo, un>-lefs through any unavoidable Nectffity or Diftrefs, or for the Security or Prefervation of the Ship, Veffcl,' or Boat from the Dangers of thp Seas, fuch Ship, Yeffei, or Boat being then laden with a legal Cargq, every Perfon or Perfons found on board being a Subjeft or Subjed\s ©f His Majefty, and who (hall not prove that he was only a Paffengqr on board iuch Ship, Veffcl, or Boat, (hall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered as any like Penalty may be recovered under any Aft or rtlating to the Revenue of Cuftoms or'ExciJe in the United Kingdom; and it fhall be lawful for the Officer qr And may bj dealt Officers of the Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Cuftoms or E$- "sG/S/c* isT* cife, by whom fuch Ship, Vcffel, or Boat fhall be feized, and lie |.fYand * 'and they is and are hereby authorized^ empowered, and required to; 47 G.a. ft.a. , flop, arrelt, and detain every fuch Perfon being a Suhjdft of His ••*§..§!*• Majefty, and‘Arch Ptrfon (ball be deah with as k»yJPerfon la'l&blc *•

: ^ 49 Geo. III. . K	14	"	'	;



i^Pj C.62.	490	GEO. III.,	A.IX18o$,

to be dealt with by virtue and in p\irfuance of the faid recited Aft paffed in the Forty-fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for having been taken on board any Ship, Veflel, or Boat liable to Forfeiture by that or any other Aft or Afts of Parliament, for being found or having been at Anchor, or hovering within any fuch Diftance of any of the Dominions of His Majefty, with fuch Goods on hoard as fob- . jeft fuch Ship, VcfTel, or Boat, or Goods to Forfeiture ; or every fuch Perfon, being a Seaman or Seafaring Man, may be dealt with as any Seaman or Seafaring Man maybe dealt with by virtue and in*pur-, fuance of an Aft paflcd in the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Ma-^ jefly's Reign, intituled. An AH to male more effectual Provifton fort the Prevention of Smuggling ; and every Officer ot the Army, Navy, or^ Marines, or of the Cuttoms or Excife, ffiall have the like Powers and Authorities, and be entitled to and receive the like Reward or Rewards for and on account of every Perfon arrtilcd and Retained under the Authority of this Aft, as 13 and are allowed and payable with re-*	*	fpeft	to	any	Perfon arrelled and detained under the Authority of either

of the faid recited Afts, as fully and effeftually to all Intents, Con-ftruftioDS, and Purpofes, as if each and every of the Claufes, Direftiona, Powers, and Authorities relative thereto were repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this prefent Aft.

47 G. 3. ft. a. II. « And Whereas by an Aft pafied in the Forty-feventh Year of C. 46. $ 20.	< His prefent Majcfty’s Reign, intituled, An AH to make more ejfcEtual

4 Provifion for the Prevention of Smuggling, it is amongtt other Things * provided in the Cafe of Seizures of Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff made 4 at Sea, or in any Port or Harbour, that if any Officer of the Cuftoms 4 or Excife, or other Perfons making fuch Seizure, (hall neither feize ,	4 and profecute, nor caufe to be feized and profecuted the Ship, Vef-

4 fel, or Boat, in or on board which fuch Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff 4 (hall be or (hall have been brought, found, or feized, or which (hall 4 be ufed or employed in removing or conveying the fame, nor (hall 4 ftop, arreft, and detain the Perfons, or fome or one of them, who 4 (hall be or (ball have been employed in navigating the Ship, Veflel, v	4	or Boat, in or on board which fuch Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff (hall

•	v	be or (hall have be^n brought, found, or feized, or in unlading, re-

*’ * ....... 4	moving, or carrying fuch Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, nor fhall not

4 convey or caufe every fuch Perfon fo arrefted or detained to be taken 4 or conveyed before One or more of His Majcfty’s Juftices of the 4 Peace to be dealt with according to Law, then and in every fuch <4 Cafe the Officer of the Cuttoms or Excife, or other Perfons making 4 fuch Seizure, ffiall be entitled to and fhall be paid only One-Fourth t Part of the Value at which fuch Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff ffiall be 4 or ffiall have b«en reipeftively ettimared or fixed according to the 4 DirVftions of the faid Aft: And whereas the pernicious Praft’ce 4 of Smuggling by Means of finking fmall Cafks of Spirits at Sea, and 4 within the Limits of the Ports of this Kingdom, and getting them up .4 as Opportunity offers, appears to have been much reforted to, and 4 it is therefore expedient to extend and inc.reafe the Rewards to j .	4 Officers of the Cuftom9 and Excife, and othdr Perfons legally au-

4 thorized to make Seizures, by whofe Exertion and Diligence fuch •Reward to	4 Praftice may be counterafted Be it therefore ena&ed, That in

Officers	all Cafes where any fuch Officers and Perfons as aforefaid ffiall feize,

within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or in any of One Moiety of the Britifh or Irijh Channels, or eifev here on the High Seasr within their Value. '	One



A.D.1809.	49°	GEO.	III.	C.62.

One hundred Leagues of any Part of the Coafts of Great Britain or Ireland. any Spirits which (hall have been funk or concealed under or in the Water within fuch Limits or Diftance, every fuch Officer and Ferfon fo feizing fuch Spirits {hall be, and he and they is and arc hereby allowed One Moiety of the Value at which fuch Spirits (hall fixed or eftimated as aforefaid ; anv Thing contained in the faid recited A A, or in any other A A or AAs of Parliament to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftandiog.

III.	4 And Whereas by the faid AA made in the Forty-fifth Year 45 G. 3.

• of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, it was enaAed, that every § 7*

• Perfon being a SubjeA of His Majefty who (hould be found or

*	taken on board, or difcovered to have been on board any Ship, Vef-

*	fel, or Boat liable to Forfeiture as therein mentioned, and who

*	fhould not prove that he was only a Paffenger on board fuch Ship,

4 Veffel, or Boat, and every Perfon found aiding or affifting in unfhip-4 ping to be laid on Land, or found carrying, conveying, concealing,

*	or affifting in the carrying away, conveying, or concealing any Fo-

*	reign Brandy* Rum, Geneva, or Spirits, in that AA mentioned,

*	(hould forfeit for every fuch Offence either Treble the Value of the

•	Goods that (hould be found or taken from fuch Perfon or Perfons,

4 or the Sum of One hundred Pounds, at the Option and fubjeA to

•	the EleAion therein mentioned ; and that it (hould be lawful for

*	any Officer or Officers of ihe Army, Navy, Marines, Cuftoms,

4'or Excife, and he and they was and were thereby authorized, em-

•	powered, and required fo flop, arreft, and detain every fuch Perfon

•	being a SubjeA of His Majefty, and to convey the faid Perfon before

*	One or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace redding near

•	to the Port or Place into which fuch Ship, Veffel, or Boat (hould be

•	taken or carried, or near to the Place where any fuch Perfon fhould

•	be fo taken or arrefttd, and it (hould be lawful for fuck Juftice or

*	Juftices of the Peace, and he and they was and were thereby required

*	upon Proof on Oath by One or more credible Witnefs or Witntffes,

1 that fuch Perfon was fo found or taken, or difcovered as aforefaid^

4 unlefs any fuch Perfon found or taken or having been on board of 4 any fuch Ship, Vcfffd, or Boat, (hould prove tb the Satisfaction of 4 fuch Juftice th&t he was oniy a Paffenger on board fuch Ship,

4 Veffel, or Boat, to hold fuch Perfon to bail with Two good: and 4 fufficient Sureties in the Sum of One hundred Pounds each £at 4 the Appearance of fuch Perfon to anfwer to any Indi&merit or Ini 4 formation that itiight be brought againft him in that Behalf^ *nd to 4 pay fuch Penalty and abide any Judgment for any fuch Offence, and 4 in default of any fuch Perfon finding fuch good and fufficient Bail 4 as aforefaid, or until the fame (hould be found, to commit fuch Per-4 fon to any Gaol or Prifon or Houfe of Correction to hnfwer as 4 aforefaid; and it is by the faid A A provided, that if any fuch Per-4 fon fo fobnd or difcovered and taken as aforefaid, fhould be capable 4 and defirous of entering and ferving as a Seaman or Marine in anyof 4 His Majefty’s Ships of War, it fhould be lawful' for the Officer or 4 Officers of the Army, Navy, or Marines, or of thfe Cuftoms of 9 Excife by whom fuch Perfon was taken, arfefted, and detained as

•	aforefaid, or for any Juftice of the Peate ot Magiftrate before whorft 4 any fuch Perfon might be carried, and fuck Officer or Officers was 4 and were thereby authorized, empowered, atid required inftesd of 4 taking fuch Perfon before any Juftice or Magtftrate, and tuck

K a ,	4 Juftice

 v^»ooQle

m

470. 3. ft. 2. €•66. § 15.

Persons liable to he detained under recited A efts, who ftudl be found unfit to ferve in the Navy, (hall forfeit 1001. &c. and may be held to Bail, or committed by a Juftiee of Peace.

Coals, &€• unfhipped without the

C.tfi*	49®	GEO. IIT.‘	A»D.i&09*

*	Juftiee or Magiftrate was thereby authorized inftead of bolding an^y

*	luch Perfon to bail, to carry and convey, or caufe to be carried or

*	conveyed fuch Perfon on board any of His Majefty’* Ships of War”

*	in order to his bemg entered and received as a Seaman or Marine s

*	And whereas by the faW Aft made in the Forty feventh Year of the 4 Reign of His prefent Majelly, it wa9 tnacied, that it (hall and may 4 be lawful for any Officer of the Army, Navy, or Marines, or of 4 the Cuftoms or Excife, to detain, or to take and carry any fuch 4 Perfon as is therein mentioned, and every Perfon liable to be arretted 4 and detained under that Aft or the (aid Aft made in the Forty-4 fifth Year of the Reign of His prrfent Mijefty, being a Seaman or 4 Seafaring Man, to any Ship or Vtffcl of War in His Maj tty’s Ser* 4 vice, or to the Cuftody of any Officer employed in His Majefty'o 4 imprett Service, and that any fuch Perfon being fuch Seaman or 4 Seafaring Man as aforeiaid, might thereupon, if fit and able to ferve 4, His Majtfty, be impreffed into His Majtfty’s Naval Service: And 4 whereas fome of the Ptrfons fo liable to be arretted may be not fit 4 or able to ferve His Majefty in his Naval Service, and it is therefore 4 expedient to make fuch Provifion as is herein-aftcr mentioned with 4 regard to fuch PerfonsBe it therefore enafted* That from and after the patting of this Aft, when any Perfon liable to be arretted or detained, and arretted or detained, under the faid la it-mentioned Afts or either of them, (hall be fouiwi not fit or able to ferve His Majefty in his Naval Service, and (hall be refufed by any proper Naval Officer to be received into any fucb Naval Service, every fuch Perfoi* (hall forfeit and lofc the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy, Marines, Cuftoms, or Excife, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to convey the faid Perfon beforo One or mone of His Majcfty’s Jultice or Juftices of the Peace, and it fiiall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juft ice or Juftices of the Peace* and he and they is and are hereby required upon Proof on Oath by One or more credible Witncfs or Witn.fles, that fuch Perfon was fa liable to be arrefted or detained, and has been fo refufed as being not fit or able to fo fervt His Majefty, to hold fuch Perfon to bail witb Two or more good and fufiicient Sureties in the Sum of One hundred Founds each, for the Appearance of fuch Perf.m to anfwer to any Information that may be brought or exhibited againft him in that Behalf, and to pfty fuch Penalty, and in default of any fuch Perfon finding fuch good and fufficient Bail as aforefaid, or until the fame (hall be found, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Juftiee or Juftices to commit fuch Perfon to any Gaol or Prifon or Houfe of Correftion, there,tor remain until he /hail pay the- faid Penalty, or be delivered by due Courfe of Law. .

*	IV. 4 And Whereas bv the Laws in force for the better levying 4 the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, brought or carried Coaft* 4 wife, the Meters, Weighers, or Meafurers, are required to deliver 4 a Certificate under their Hands of the Sorts, Quantities, and Num*

4	btrs of Chalders or Tuna of Coals, Culm, and Cinders, which (hall

5	be delivered by them from on board any Ship or Vcflei, and it ia

4 therefore expedient to prevent any Coals, Culm, or Cinders, being f unfliipped without their Prefence -or PermtfiionBe it therefore enafted, That, from aod after the patting of this Aft, in cafe any Coals, (cxqept Chatcpal made of Wood,} or aey Culm or Cinders* :	I	^	brought



Google

AD.i8c>9*	49^	GEO.	XII*	C. 6a, 63V'	t$j-

brought Coaftwife from any Port or Place in Great Britain into any1 Prefence of th« Port or Place in England or Wales, (hall be unihipped or delivered ‘ proper )fficer, from any Ship or Vcffcl, without the Prefence or Permiffion of the *hall be forfeit*. Meter or other proper Officer appointed to meafure or weigh the fame, ’ according to the Directions of an Ad oalfed in the Ninth and Tenth'

Year of the Reign of His late Majcfty King William the Third, intituled, An A3 for granting to His Mnjejly feveral Duties upon Coals 9 & 10 W. 8. and Culm, ad fuch Coals, Culm, and Cinders, (whether the Duties *8. fhall have been paid or not,) (ball be forfeited and loft, and the-fame (hall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms.

V.	And be it further ena&d, That all Coals, Culm, and Cinders, Recovery and

feized under the Authority of this Ad, fhall and may be profecuted, Application of recovered, and difpofed of in like Manner, and by fuch Ways, Means, fuch Forfeiture!. 4 and Method*, as any Forfeitures incurred for any OffVnce againft the	x

Daws of the Cuftoms may now be profecuted, recovered, and difpofpd

of, according to the Laws in force on and immediately before the paffing of this Ad.

VI.	4 And Whereas it is expedient to permit the Exportation of € Salt, Pepper, and Wine from the Iflards of Guernfey or Jerfey, for

4 the Supply of the I Hand of Sari, in fmalier Packages than are now	r

4 allowed by Law, under certain Regulations and Reftridions ;* Be it therefore en*>ded, That it fhall be lawful to export from either of Salt, Pepper, the lfl inds of Guernfey and Jerfty. at any One Time, any Quantity Wine, may of Salt not exceeding Ten Bulhcls, any Quantity of Pepper not ex-	or 10,11

ceeding Fifty Pounds Weight, or any Quantity of Wine not ex-	Jerfey	to Sark,

ceeding Ten Dozen reputed Q^art Bottles, for the Supply of the in certain fim.ll (aid Ifland of Sark, and the laid Articles may be fo exported in Quantities, In ' anv Boat not exceeding the Burthen of Ten Tons, fuch Boat having ■Koats !lotT a Licence from the Principal Officers of the Cuftoms at either of the ufenfed faid Iflands of Guernfey and Jerfey, for the Purpofe of being employed f0jdJe Purgtfc, in carrying Commodities for tne Suppiy of the fa'd Ifland of Sark% which Licence fuch Officer is hereby authorized and required to grant, without taking any Fee or Reward for the fame: Provided always, that every fuch Boat having on board at any One Time any greater Quantity of the refped.ve Articles than what ?s permitted by this Ad,1 fuch Articles, if in Packages of left* Sze or Content than preferibed ’ by the Laws in force, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by5	y

any Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy, or Marines, or of tho Cuftoms or Excife.	7

CAP. LXIII.

An Ad for repealing the Duties on the Materials ufed in making Spread Window Glafs and Crown Glafs, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Colle&ion of the faid Duties,	[3d	June	1809.]

4 "IT^HEREAS by certain Ads of Parliament in force at and See SUts+

4 V\ immediately before the paffing of this Ad, certain Duties of 43 G. 3. c. 69

• Excife are chargeable on the Materials, Metal, or other Preparations 45 G«c*	:

• made Ufe of in Great Britain in the making of Spread Window 46G*a» c«	b 4 Glafs, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glafs;

f and aifb on the Materials, Metal, or other Preparations made Ufe i of in Great Britain in the making of all other Window Glafs, not ? being Spread Glafs, whether flatbed ot otharwife manufadured, and i	4	commonly

 v^ooQle



Duties and Drawbacks on Window GUfs, See, fhall ceafe.

New Duties in lieu of former Duties*

Britiflj Spread GUfr.

£riti(h Creanp dais.

Iriih Spread Olais.

Iriih Crown Giafs.

Drawbacks

•Hawed.

0*63*	49°	GEO.	HI*	A.D.1S09.

4 commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glaft or

*	German Sheet Glaft, and certain Drawbacks are allowed on the Ex-

*	portation of fuch GUfs as Merchandize, and certain Countervailing

*	Duties are alfo chargeable on all fuch Glafs as aforefaid made in /re*

*	land and imported into Great Britain : And whereas it is expedient

*	to repeal the (aid Duties and Drawbacks, and to impofe other Duties

*	and grant other Drawbacks in lieu thereof Be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s rood Excellent Majdly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and nine, all and lingular the faid Duties and Drawbacks (hall ceafe and determine, and be no longer payable or paid, fave and except in all Ca(es relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any Arrears thereof refpe&ivcly, which may at any Time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, relating thereto rtfpedively, which (halt have been incurred at any Time before or on the faid Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and nine.

II. And be it further cna&ed, That from and after the faid Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and nine, in lieu and in-ftead of the Duties by this A£t repealed, there fhall be railed, levied, .collected, and paid unto His Majefty, His Heirs and Succef-fors, the feveral Rales and Duties of Excife herein-after mentioned ; that is to fay,

For every Hundred Weight of Spread Window Glafs, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glafs, which fhall be made in Great Britain, Fifteen Shillings, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity :

For every Hundred Weight of all other Window Glafs, not being Spread Glafs, whether flafhed or otherwife manufa&ured, and commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glafs, or German Sheet Glafs, which fhall be made in Great Britain, One Pound Sixteen Shillings and Nine-pence, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity:

For every Hundred Weight of Spread Window Glafs, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glafs, which fhall be made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, a Countervailing Duty of Fifteen Shillings, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity :

For every Hundred Weight of all other Window Glafs, not being Spread Glafs, whether flafhed or otherwife manufa&ured, and commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glafs, or German Sheet Glafs, which fhall be made in Ireland’, and imported from thence into Great Britain, a Countervailing Duty of One Pound Sixteen Shillings and Nine-pence, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity.

III. And be it further enaded. That the following Drawbacks fhall be allowed $ that is to fay,

For every Hundred Weight of Spread Window Glafs, commonly Called or known by the Name of Broad GUfs, made in Great Britain* and for which all the Duties impofed in refped thereof fhall have been paid, and which (hall be duly exported to Foreign Parts or to Ireland as Merchandize, a Drawback of Fifteen Shillings, and fo in proportion for any greatef pf lefs Quantity:

Foe

 v^ooQle

A.D. i809-	49°	GEO. III.	C.63.'	13^

For every Htwidwf Wright of all'other Window Glafa, not-being1 Spread Glafs, whether flafhed or otherwife manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glafs. or German Sheet Glafs, made in Great Britain, and for which all the Duties im-pofed in refpeft thereof (hall have been paid, and which (hall be duly exported to Foreign Parts or to Ireland as Merchandize, a Drawback of' One Pound Sixteen Shillings and Nine-pence, and fo in proportion for any greater onlcfs Quantity.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That fuch of the Duties by this Duties (hall be ACt impofed, as (hall arife in that Part of Great Britain called Eng- under Com-land (hall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of Excife

in England, for the Time being, and fuch thereof as (hall arife irt that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall he under the Management of the Commiffijners of Excife in Scotlandf for the Time •being.

V.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker or Directions for Makers of Spread Window Glafs, Or of Crown Glafs refpeftively, the Conftru&ion (hall, and he, (he, and they is, and are hereby required, to ercCt, ^^C0^Ove*1,n^ build, make, and cortftruft, evtrv Annealing Arch or Oven, by him, VC °r ea* her, or them intended to be made ufe of for the annealing of Spread

Window Glafs, or Crown Glafs refpeftively, in a reCtangular Form, with the Sides and Ends thereof perpendicular and parallel to each other refpedively, and rhe Bottom thereof level, and with only one Mouth or Entrance into the fame, and (hall number the fame pro* grtflively, with a durable Mark, and if any fuch Maker or Maker*

(hall ereft, build, make, or conltruft, any Annealing Arch or Oven,

contrary to the Diredions of this Ad, or (hall negled or refufe to

number or mark the fame according to the Diredions of this Aft,

or (hall make ufe of any Annealing Arch or Oven, not conftrufted

in the Manner before dirrfted, all and every fuch Maker and Makers	’

fo offending, (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum Penalty looU

of One hundred Pounds.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That all and every Maker or Iron Grating Makers of Spread Window Glafs, or of Crown Glafs, (hall at his, her, beaffixc<* and their own Expence, find, provide, and affix, a good and fufficient AnneaUn^rch Iron Grating to the Mouth or Entrance of every Annealing Arch and withF^enings/ Oven, by him, htr, or them intended to be made Ufe of, for the an- &c. Penalty on nealing of Spread Window Glaf3, or Crown Glafs refpeftively, fuch opening fame. Iron Grating to be approved of in Writing, by and under the Hand unlefe unlocked of the reipeftive Surveyors or Supervifors of Excife, of the Divifion kg^^***

or Diftrift, within which fuch Annealing Arch or Oven (hall be fituate, and proper Locks and Keys, and all other neceflary Fattening* for fecuring and feabng every fuch Annealing Arch and Oven, and the Mouth or Entrance, and Iron Grating thereof, (hall be provided by the refpeftive Surveyors and Supervifors of Excife, of loch Div vifion or Diftrift, at the Expence of fuch Maker or Makers, and when and fo Toon as any fuch Maker or Makers (hall have delivered or ought to have delivered, the Declaration of the Number of Tables put or depofited or contained in any fuch Annealing Arch or Oven, as by this Aft is dire ft ed and required, the proper Officer or Officers of Excife (hall immediately lock, fatten, and feal every fetch Annealing Arch or Oven, and the Mouth or Entrance, and Iron Grating thereof^ and (hall keep the fame locked, fealed, and fattened, from the Tima fuch pcclaration as afofefaid (hall fee or ought to have been given*

E 4	Wtil

 LjOOQle

l34

C.6j.

GEO. III.

AJ). iSogf.

until the Glafs contained in fuch Annealing Arch or Oven (hall be taken out in the Prefence of the proper Officer or Officers of Excife^ for the Purpofe of being weighed and charged, and if any fuch Maker or Makers (hall negled or rcfufe at his, her, and their own Expence, to find or provide fuch good and fufficient Iron Grating, or to affix the fame in the Manner herein directed* before fuch Annealing ^krch or Oven (hall be made Ufe of as aforefaid, or to pay for any Lock, Key, or other neceffiry Fattening, which (hall be provided by any Surveyor or Supervifor of Excife, according to the Dne&ioriS of this A£f, or if any Perfon or Perfons (ball obftruft or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excife, or any Perfon or Perfons by him or them employed in that Behalf, in the fixing or placing any fuch Fattening, in fuch Manner as fuch Officer or Officers (hall dire& or think expedient to anfwer the Purpofes by this A& in that Behalf intended, or in the locking, fealing. or fecunng any fuch Annealing Arch or Oven, or the Mouth or Entrance or Iron Grating thereof, or any fuch Fattening as aforefaid, or by any Means, Art, Device, or Contrivance whatfoever, (hall open any fuch Lock or Annealing Arch or Oven, or the Mouth, Entrance, or Iron Grating thereof, after the fame (hall nave been locked, fealed, fattened, or fccured as aforefaid, before the fame (hail have been unlocked and opened by the proper Officer of Excife, or (hall wilfully break or damage any fuch Lock, Seal, or Fattening, every fuch Maker or Makers, or other Perfon or Persons fo offending, (hall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit aud lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VII, And be it further ena&ed, That where anv Lock*, Keys, or jpattenings, (hall be provided in purfuance of this A&, all and every Maker and Makers of Spread Window Glafs or Crown Glafs rcfpec-♦tively, to whom fuch Locks, Keys, and Fattening* refpt&ively (hall then belong, (hall, at bis, her, or thtir own Exptnce, from Time to Time, and at all Times when required fo to do by the rdpt&ive Surveyors or Supervifors of Excife of the Divifion or Dittridt in which -	fuch his, her, or their Glafs Houfe fhall be fituaie, immediately fet

about altering, repairing, and amending ; and (hall alio, within a rea-fonable Time then next following, alter, repair, and amend the fame refpe&ively according to fuch Rquifition 3 and if any fuch Maker or Makers of Spread Window Giafo or Crown Glafs refpt&ively, to whom any fuch Locks, Keys, and Fattenings, or any or either of r.	them (hall belong, (hall negleft or refnfe immediately to fet about the

*. . '	altering, repairing, or amending the fame, or to repair, amend, or alter-

,f the fame when thereunto required, according to the Directions of this A&> he, (he, or they (hall, for each and every inch Negltft or Re-fufal, forfeit and lofe the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

Noticeofheating -VIII. And be it further eny&cd, That when any Maker or the Annealing Make™ of Spread Window Glafs or Crown Glafs refpe&ively (hall be defirous to prepare, light, or kindle any Fire, to heat his, htr, or their Annealing Arch or Oven, into which any Spread Window . Glafs or Crown Glafs is intended to be put or depofited, for the Pur* pofe of annealing the fame, fuch Maker or Makers (hall give to the Officer of Excife under wbofe Survey be, (he, or they fhall then be. Six Hours Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention) and if any fuch Maker or Makers fhall neglcft or rtfufe to prepare, light, and ‘ kindle fuch Fire within One Hour after the Time mentioned in fuch Jioiicc, fcheft fuch Notice fhall be void* and fuch, Maker or

1. V’	•	fhall

Locks and Faltenings (hall he altered and lrept in Repair when required.

Penalty 50i.

Arch (hall be give* to jLxcife Officer. Penalty 50l.





49* ©ED. Ill,

C.<|;



{kali give the like and a fre(h:Notise in Writing to fuch Officer before be, fh?, or they, (hall prepare, kindle, or light a Fire in any fuck Appealing ^rch or Oven; and if any fuch Maker or Makers dull light ,or ,kindle a Fire in any fuch Annealing Arch or Oven, without baying gftyen fuch previous Notice as aforefaid, he, (he, or thcylhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

IX. And be it further em&ed, That ail and every Maker and Makers of Spread Window Giais or Crown Glafs refpe&ivejy, (hall, when and fo foon as the fame lhail.be feverally and refpe&ively made or flafhed, remove all and‘lingular the Spread Window Glafs and Crown Glafs refpe&ivcly by him, her, or them fo made or flalhed, di-redlly into fuch Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, and fhail there place and depofit the fame in fuch Manner and Form as the Officer or Officers of Excife under whofe Survey fuch Maker or Makers (hall then be, fhail approve, and fo that the fame may, fofar as the Nature of the Cife will admit, be the moil eafily and fecureiy viewed, ir.fpc&cd, and examined, and the Numbers and Kinds thereof refpe&ively judged of in each and every fuch Annealing Arch or Oven; and no fuch Maker or Makers fhail at One and the fame Time put, place, have, or keep, in anv fuch Annealing Arch or Oven, any Spread Window Glafs and Crown GUIs; nor lhall any fuch Maker or Makers out, place, or keep, any other Sort or Species of Glafs or Gl?fs Wares whatever, in any fuch Annealing Arch or Oven entered or .made ufe of for the annealing of Spread Window Glafs or Crown Glafs refpr dtively ; and if any fuch Maker or Makers lhall negltdl or refufe to remove, when and fo foon as the fame (hall be made or flafhed, any fuch Spread Window Glafs or Crown Glafs by him. htr, or them made, dir<ft!y into fuch Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, or to place or depofit any fuch Spread Window Glafs or Crown Glafs in Manner and Form as aforefaid ; or if any fuch Maker or Makers (hill at One and the fame Time put, place, or keep, in any fuch Annealing Arch or Oven, any Spread Window Giafs and Crown Glafs, or fhail put, place, have, or keep, any other Sort or Species of Glafs or Glafs Wares whatever, in any Annealing Arch or Oven entered or made ufe of for the annealing of Spread Window Glafs or Crown Glafs, every fuch Maker or Makers fo offending fhail, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.	*

•X. And be it further enadbd, That before any fuch Maker or Makers of Spread Window Glafs or Crown Glafs lhall begin to clofe or Hop up any Annealing Arch or Oven, containing any Spread Window Glafs or Cfown Glafs, he, fhe, or they, lhall deliver to the .proper Officer of Excife a Declaration in Writing, fpecifying the true Number of Tables of Spread Glafs or Crown Glafs refptlively put, or depofited and contained in each and every fuch Annealing Arch re-fpeftively ; and if any fuch Maker or Makers lhall negledt or refufe to deliver fuch Declaration in Writing as iall aforefaid, every fuch Maker or Makers fo offending (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and lofe the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XI. And be it further enadted, That all and every Maker and . Makers of Spread Window Glafs or Crown Glafs refptdlively lhall, and . he, Ihe, 'and they is and ^re hereby required to keep fufficient and juft . Scales and Weights at the Place or Places where he, (he, or they, mail . make or manufacture Spread Window Glafs or Crown Glafs refpec-t _	‘	   .	tiveljr,

Regulations far putting the GUIs when flalhed hrt* Annealing Asdi,

Penalty 1«05,

Before clofing Annealing Arch, Declaration of Number of Tables lhall be delivered. Penalty <201,

Scales and Weights fhail he provided at the Glafc Hou£e*





C.63.

49* GEO. til.	A.D>	1	Sop*

timely, and (hall, at his, her, and their own Expetiee, find, provide, and affix, within fuch his, her. or their Glafs Houfe, and within View of‘the Annealing Arches or Ovens thereof, a fit and proper Hook of Staple in a proper Place to be approved of in Writing by and tinder the Hands of the refpe&ive Surveyor or Supervifors of Excife of the Di-vifion orDiftrid in which fuch his, htr, or their Glafs Houfe (hall be >	fituate,	and	ilfo permit and fuffer any Officer or Officers of Excife to

life the fame, for the Purpofe of weighing and taking an Account of ^ . the Spread Window and Crown Glafs refpe&ively which (hall at any Time be in the Poffeffion of fuch Maker and Makers of Spread Win-Penalty loot dow Glafs or Crown Glafs refpedively 5 and if any foch Maker or Makers (hall ncgled to keep loch Scales and Weights, or either of them, or (hall not, at his, her, or their own Expence, find, provide, and affix in Manner aforefaid, a fit and proper Hook or Staple, in a proper and convenient Place to be approved of in Writing by and under the Hands of the refpeftive Surveyors or Supervifors of Excife of the Divifion or Diftrift in which fuch his, her, or their Glafs Houfe (hall be fituate, or (hall not permit or fuffer any Officer or Officers of Excife to ufe the fame, fuch Maker or Makers (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds 5 and if any fuch Maker or Makers of Spread Window Glafs or Crown Glafs refpe&ively, (hall in the Weighing of any fuch Spread Window Glafs or Crown Glafs make ufe of, or caufe, or procure, or fuffer to be made ufe of any falfe, unjuft, or inefficient Scales or Weights, or (hall praftife any Art, Device, or Contrivance, by which any fuch Office* or Officers may be hindered or prevented from taking the juft and true Weight of any fuch Spread Window Glafs or Crown Glafs, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Maker or Makers (hall, for each and. every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, with all fuch falfe, unjuft, or infufficient Scales and Weights refpedively, and the fame (hall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife. Notice before ' XII. And be it further tna&ed. That all and every Maker and Glafs is drawn Makers of Spread Window Glafs or Crown Glafs refpe&ively, being AimealiiLr Arch defirous t0 draw or take any Spread Window Glafs or Crown Glafs ^	*	refpe&ively,	from or out of any Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven

or Ovens, to him, her, or them belonging, (hall by the Space of Twelve Hours next before the Beginning to draw or take any fuch Spread Window Glafs or Crown Glafs refpt&ively, from or out of any fuch Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, give to the Officer ,	of Excife under whofe Survey, he, (he, or they (hall then be, a Notice

in Writing of his, her, or their Intention, fpecitying each particular Arch or Oven, and the Number thereof from and out of which it is intended to take fuch Spread Window Glafs or Crown Glafs refpec-tively, and the particular Time and Hour at which it is fo intended to begin to draw or take the fame from or out of foch Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, and upon fuch Notice being given, fuch Officer (hall attend at the Time mentioned in fuch Notice, and (hall unlock and open fuch Annealing Arch or Arches, and Oven and Ovens, for the Purpofe aforefaid, and fuch Officer (hall alfo attend to fee the Whole and all and every Part of fuch Spread Window Glafs or Crown Glafs refpe&ively, drawn or taken from and out of fuch Annealing Arch or Arches, and Oven and Ovens, and fuch Maker or ' Makers (hall immediately on fuch Officer's Attendance begin to draw "and take, and (hall proceed and continue without any unneceffary

PeUy#

 C^ooQle

A.D.i86p\	49° GEO, III.	C.VJj.-

Delay or Interruption to draw and take from and out of fuck An* nealing Arch and Arches, or Oven or Ovens, the Whole and all and every Part of the Spread Window Glafs or Crown Glafs refpe&iyely, and fuch Maker or Makers (hall immediately on fuch Spread Window Glafs or Crown Glafs refpedtively being fo drawn or taken from or out of fuch Annealing Arch of Oven proceed to weigh and (hall weigh' the Whole and all and every Part thereof with fuch Scales and Weights as aforefaid, in the Prefence of fuch Officer, and fuch Maker or Makers refpe&ively (hall be charged with and (hall pay the Duty for and in refpe& of fuch Glafs refpe&ively according to fuch Weight: and if any fuch Maker or Makers of Spread Window Penalty ea Glafs or Cro* n Glafs refpe&ively, having given fuch Notice, and begun Negleft, &e. to draw, or take any fuch Spread Window Glafs or Crown Glafs re* 1Q0** fpe6tively, from , or out of his, her, or their Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, fhall not proceed and continue without any unneceffary Delay or Interruption to draw and take the Whole and all and every Part of fuch Spread Window Glafs and Crown Glafs re-fpe&ively, from and out of fuch Annealing Arch or Arches, and Oven and Ovens, and proceed and continue to weigh the fame as hereinbefore dirt&ed, every fuch Maker and Makers fo offending (hall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any fuch Maker or Makers of Spread Window Glafs or Crown Glafs refpe&ively laft aforefaid, fhall negleft or refufe to begin to draw or take fuch Spread Window Glafs or Crown Glafs re-fpe£fcively, from or out of his, her, or their Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, immediately after fuch Annealing Arch or Arches, or Oven or Ovens, and the Mouths or Entrances, and Iron Gratings thereof fhall be opened by fuch Officer, then fuch Notice fhall be void, and fuch Officer fhall again immediately lock up, fatten, and feal each and every fuch Annealing Arch or Oven, and the Mouth or Entrance, and Iron Grating thereof in Manner aforefaid, and fuch Maker and Makers fhall give the like, and a frefh Notice in Writing to fuch Officer before any fuch Annealing Arch or Oven, or the Mouth or Entrance, or Iron Grating thereof fhall be again open s Provided always, that no fuch Maker or Makers of Spread Window Glafs or Crown Glafs fhall be at Liberty to give any fuch Notice to draw or take any fuch Spread Window Glafs or Crown Glafs r'efpe&ively from or out of any of his, her, or their Annealing Archea or Ovens except in the Day-time, and that between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Six in the Afternoon, and that every Notice given for the drawing or taking any fuch Spread Window Glafs or Crown Glafs refpe&ively from or out of any Annealing Arch or Oven at any Hour or Time other than in the Day-time, and that between the Hours of Six in tht Morning and Six in the Afternoon, fhall and the fame is hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purpofe8 whatfoever,

XIII. Provided alfo, and be it further enfe&ed, That in the Weigh* inveighing,* ing as aforefaid of any fuch Spread Window Glafs or Crown Glafs re*- Turn of die fpc&ively, the Turn of the Scale (hall be given in favour of the Scale fhall be in Crown, and in lieu thereof there (hall be allowed to fuch Maker or J^avo«r ofthe Makers of fuch Spread Window Glafs or Crown Glafs refpeftively, Crown>&c* Ooe Pound Weight upon each and every One hundred Pounds of fuch Spread Window Glafs or Crown Glafs refpeftively fo weighed.

3	XIV. And

 LjOOQle

Relations fur weighing of Glafs, after it bn been dtpdited, &c.



Penalty on Makers for $*«gle£, lOOh

Maker* (hall

afhit Officers in weighing. Peoalty look

Tensity os

comeying Gla& from Annealing Arch before weighed, 1001.

Glaf^fbaHhe kept apart till weighed. Penalty look

C,€£)	.4pP	GECX	IIL	A.D.	i8o<£

XIV.	A*d be it farther ena&ed, That when and fo foon it a«fy Spread Window Giafs or Crown Glafifhali be weighed by the proper Officer or Officers of ExcHe, the fame (hall be forthwith placed or depbfited in a convenient Room or Place feparate and apart from all other Giafs or Giafs Wares whatfoever, and fuch Spread Window GUfsor. Crown Giafs (ball remain in fuch Room or Piace where fo placed or depoffted for the full Space of Six Hours after the fame (hall have been fo weighed as aforefaid, unlefs the fame fhall have been fooner weighed or re-weighed by the rtfpe&ive Surveyor® or Supervisors of Excife, to the end that the faid Surveyors or Supervifors respectively may have an Opportunity to weigh or re-weigh the fame, and the faid refpe&ive Surveyors or Supervifors are hereby authorized and empowered to weigh or re-weigh all fuch Spread Window Giafs and Crown Giafs accordingly, and if upon the re weighing ihtreof any additional Weight fhall be difenvertd or found, fuch additional Weight of Spread Wtndow Giafs and Oown Giafs refpe&ively fhall be chargeable and charged with the refptdivc Duties by Law payable for fuch Giafs refpe&tvely; and if any fuch Maker or Makers of Spread Window Giafs or Crown Giafs (hall refufe or ncglcdk to place and depofit fuch Spread Window Giafs or Crown Giafs in fuch convenient Room or Place as afore faid, feparate and apart from all other Giafs vr Giafs Wares whatfoever, or fhall remove or convey, or caufe, procure or fuffer to be removed or conveyed from or out of fuch Room or Place at aforefaid any Spread Window Giafs or Crown Giafs befoie the End or Expiratior of Six Hours next after the fame fhall have been fo weighed as aforefaid by the proper Officer of Excife, ualefs the fame (hall have been fooner weighed or. reweighed by the refpe&ive Surveyors or Supervifors of Excife, every fuch Maker or Makers of Spread Window Giafs or Crown Giafs (hall for each and every lucb Offence forfeit One huudred Pounds.

XV.	And be it further enadted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Spread Window Giafs or Crown Giafs (hall, when and fo often as he, (he, or they (hall be thereunto required by the Officer or Officers of Excife under whofe Survey he, (he, or they fhall then be, with a fufficient Number of his, her, or their Servants, aid and affill to the utmoft of his, her, or their Power, fuch Officer or Officers, or Surveyor or Supervifor in weighing and taking an Account, or in re-weighing and taking an Account of ail Spread Window Giafs or Crown Giafs refpe&ively of fuch Maker or Makers, on pain of for-ieiting for every Negle&or Refufai.the Sum of One hundred Pound?*

XVI.	And be it further cnafted, That if any Maker or Makers of Spread Window Giafs or Crown Giafs iliould convey away any Spread Window Giafs or Crown Giafs from any Annealing Arch or Oven before the proper Officer of Excife fhall have weighed the fame^s or fhall negle& or refufe to produce.any fuch Spread Window Giafs * or Crown Giafs to fuch Officer that he may weigh the fame according to the Dire&ions of this A6f, he, (he, or they (hall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and iofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XVII.	And be it further esadhed. That all and every Maker and

Makers of Spread Window Giafs or Crown Giafs* fhall from Time to Time and at all Times.keep all Spread Window Giafs or Crown. Giafs refpe&ively in.bis,.her> or their Cttftody or Poffcffipn, aad which (boll Hot have been weighed by the Officer of Excife according ~to the -	-.:	r	Dire&ion*

 LjOOQie

JkD.iffdp-	4V*	GEO;	HI*	C*$33	H%

Directions of thtrf Aft, fcparat* and apart frftnf all Spread Win^avfr Giafs and Crown Giafs refoeftively, which (hall have been weighed* and from all other Giafs Ware* whatsoever, upon Pain of forfeiting' for every fueh Offence the Sum of One-hundred. Pound*•	>

XVIII.	And be it further ena&eid* That if any Maker.or Maker*, penalty on uG«g of Spread Window or Crown Giafs, (hall for the annealing of .any- unentered Spread Window Giafs or Crown Giafs, wake ufe of any private 0*7 Annealing Arch, concealed Annealing Arch, Oven, Utenfil, or Place whatever, pt^cr Glafenot*15 than his* her, or their known Annealing Arch or Arches entered, weigjiC(i 1OT^ for that Purpofe, or if any fuch Maker or Makers (hall fraudulently,

remove or convey away any Spread Window Giafs or Crown Qlafs, before the fame (hall have been weighed by the proper Officer or Offi :ers of Excife, or (hall fraudulently hide or conceal any Spread.

Window Giafs, or Crown Giafs, each and every fuch Maker or Maker* offending, (hall for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and iofe. the	,	7

Sum of One hundred Pounds.	r	.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, that no Mtker or Makers of Penalty on

Spread Window Giafs or Crown GUfs refpeftively, /hall make or ma*,	*

oufafture within the fame Giafs Houfe or Building, by him, her, or fercnt jj^*^"of them erefted, or ufed for the making or manufacturing pf Spread Glafc in the Window Giafs, or in any Giafs Houfe or Buildmg adjoining thereto, feme l*l*ce# sob any other Sort or Species of Giafs or Giafs Wares whatever, nor (half

make or manufacture within the fame Giafs Houfe or Building, by him, her, or them entered or ufed for the making or mamitafturiag o£

Crown Glafe, or in any Houfe or Building adjoining thereto, any r\ *' ,r other Sort or Specie* of Giafs or Giafs Wares, fave and except Plat!*

Giafs; and if any fuch Maker or Makers pf Spread Giafs /hall make	;>

or manufacture within the fame Giafs Houfe or Building, by him,

her, 01 them entered or ufed for the making or manufacturing of

Spread Window Giafs, or in any Giafs Houfe or Building adjoining

thereto, any other Species of Giafs or Giafs Wares, or if any Makef

or Makers of Crown Giafs, (hall make or manufacture within the fame

Glal6 Houfe or Building, by him, her, or theip entered or ufed for

the making or manufacturing of Crown Giafs, or in any Giafs Houfe

or Building adjoining thereto, any other Sort or Species of Giafs or

Giafs Wares, fave aud except Plate Giafs as afore/aid* every fuch

M*ker or Makers refpeftively, (hall for each and every fuch Offence,

forfeit and lofe the Sum of Fifty .Pounds.

XX.	And be it further enafted, Thar if any Officer or ^Officers of KorrecocerUg Excife (hall have caufe to fufpeft that any Spread Window Giafs, or p^8 f»udu-Crown Giafs refpeftively, (hall have been fraudulently removed or |«“dy conveye* conveyed away before the fame (hall have been weighed by the proper **

Officer or Officers of Excife, according to the Directions of this Aft,-	7

/hall be depofittd, lodged, hid, or concealed in any Place or Places whatfoever, then and in fuch Cafe, if fuch Place or Places (hall be

within the Cities of London or IVe/ltfiirifier^ or within the Limits of th^	-	-

Chief Office of Excife in London, upon Oath made by fuch Officer or Officers before the Commifii ners of Excite in England ior the Time being, or any Two or more of them, or in cafe fuch Place (hall be in any other Part of Great Britain, upon Oath made by fuch Officer or Officers before one or more Juliice or Juitices of the Peace for the County,

Hiding, Divifion, or Place, where fuch Officer or Officers (hall fufpeft

the fame to be depofited, lodged, hid, or concealed,, which refpe&ive .	..	*

Paths they the faid Comraiflkmera of J£#cife, Qr an7 Two or more of

.	/	’	"	them*

 v^ooQle

Ct6j*	49* GEO. III.	A.D* 186$*

them, and juftice or Juftices of the Peace refpeftively, are hereby au* thorized and empowered to adminifter, fetting forth the Ground of his or their Sufpicion, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid Commiffioners of Excife, or any Two or more of them, or the Juftice or Juftices of the Peace refpeftively, as the Cafe may require, before whom fuch Oath (hall be made, if they or he (hall judge it reafonable, by Special Warrant or Warrants under hi9 and their refpeftive Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower fuch Officer or Officers by Day or by Night, but if in the Night Time in the Prefence of a Conftable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every fuch Place or Places where he or they (hall fo fufpeft fuch Spread Window Glaft or Crown Glafs refpeftively to be depofited, lodged, hid, or concealed) and to feize and carry away all fuch Spread Window Glafs and Crown Glafs refpeftively, which he or they (hall then and fcfk*0*	there find fo depofited, lodged, hid, or concealed, as forfeited; and if

* the	anY ^er^on or Per^on8 whatfoever (hall let, obftruft, or hinder any fuch

am tool.	Officer or Officers fo authorized and empowered, or any other Perfon

*	*	or Perfons afting in his or their Aid or Affiftance in the Execution of

fuch Warrant, From entering any fuch Place or Places where fuch Officer or Officers (hall fo fufpeft fuch Spread Window Glafs or Crown Glafs refpeftively to be fo depofited, lodged, hid, or concealed, or in feizing or carrying away the fame, or in the due Execution of any fuch Warrant, the Perfon or Perfons fo offending (hail for each and every fuch Offence federally forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfon* Officendpol.	°bftruft,	or	hinder any Officer or Officers of Excife in the Exe-

*	'	cution of any of the Powers or Authorities to him or them given, or

granted by this or any other Aft or Afts of Parliament relating to Glafs, the Perfon or Perfons fo offending therein, (hall for each and tpvery fuch Offence, other than for thdfe for which any Penalty is herein before fpCcially impofed or provided, feverally forfeit the Sum of Three hundred Pounds: Provided always, neverthelefs, that nothing in this Aft contained (hall extend or be conttrued to extend to make it unlawful to or for any Officer or Officers of Excife, from Time to Time, and at all Times to infpeft, examine, gauge, or otherwise to take an Account of the Metal and Materials mixed and prepared or founded, or founding for the making of Glafs in any fuch Glafs Houfe or Building as aforefaid, as well before fuch Metal or Materials fhall be put into any Pot or Pots, as after the fame (hall be put into any Pot or Pots, or to take a Sample or Samples not exceeding Four Ounces in the Whole, out of each fuch Pot or any other Vcffel or Utenfil containing fuch Preparation for making Glafs.

Penalties and XXII. And be it further enafted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures (ball Forfeitures by this Aft impofed, (hall be fued for, recovered, levied, lam,** or	by fuch Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine,

Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be fued for, recovered, levied, or ‘mitigated, by any Law dr Laws of Excife, or by Aftion of Debt, 3111, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Re* cord at IVeftmin/ler, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and that one Moiety of every fuch Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture (hail be to His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him, her* or them who (hall dilco ver, inform, or fue for the fame.

Powers of former XXIII. And be it further enafted, That all the Power?, Authorities, A&s extended to Methods, Rules, Directions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Pro-

Tifoes,

 LnOOQle

A.D.i8ep.	49°	GEO.	IIL	C.63.1	jgj

vifoee, Claufes, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to the Duties on Glafs, or. on the Materials or Metal, or other Preparation made ufe of in Great Britain, in the mak* ing of Glafs, or to the paying or allowing of any Drawback on the Exportation of Glafjs, in force immediately before the palling of thia Ad are contained, provided, fettled, or eftabliflied, for managing, aflelfing, railing, levying, collecting, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, and Securing the Said Duties, or for paying or allowing apy Drawback of the faid Duties, and for pre-venting, detedipg, an<i punifhing Frauds relating thereto, except where the fame are cxprefsly altered by this Ad,- (hall be and remain in full Force and Effed to all. Intents and Purpofes, and the faid Powers,

Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Regulations, Penalties, For-** fcitures,. Proviiions, .Claufes, Matters, and Things, (except as before excepted), (hall continue and be duly obferved, pradifed, applied, ufed, and put in Execution, throughout the whole Kingdom of Greett Britain, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes (except as before excepted) as if the faid Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provifions, Claufes, Matters, and Things, bad been exprefsly inferted and re enaCted in this prefent Ad.

XXIV,	And be it further enaded. That all Monies arifing by the Duties Hull be Duties by this ACt impofed (the neceffary Charges of railing and ac- carried to Coofo-counttng for the fame excepted) (hall from Time to Time be paid iBto

the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wefminfier, and (hall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain.

XXV.	. * And whereas by an Ad paffed in the Forty-fifth Year of 45 G, 3, e,3iu

‘ the Reign of His prefent Mijcffy, intituled,,	Aft for granting unto

4 His Majejly feveral additional Duties of Excife in Great Britain ; it is • provided. That the Gommiffioners of His Majelly’sTreafury, or any 4 Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treafurer for the Time 4 being, (hall for the Period of Ten Years from the Commencement 4 of the faid Ad, caufe a feparate and diftind Account of the addi-4 tional Duties by the faid Ad granted, to be prepared and annually 4 laid before Parliament, purfuant to an Ad paffed in the Forty-fccond ? Year of the Reign of Hia prefent Majefty, intituled, An Act for di• 45 G* 8* c*

4 refting certain Publiok Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament^

4 and for difeontinuing certain other Forms of Account now in Ufe; and 4 whereas One-third Part of the Duties by this Ad repealed, and in 4 lieu of which other Duties are by this Ad impofed, conftituted, and 4 made Part of the additional Duties granted by the faid Ad of the 4 Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majcfty, and it is 4 therefore expedient that Provifioh fjiould be made for afeertaiaing • the Produce of One-third Part of the l^uties by this Ad impofed f Be it therefore enaded, That from and after the faid Firft Day of In what Manner Augu/ly Onetboufand eight hundred and nine, the Whole of the Duties the Account of granted by this Ad (hall be entered together in One Account; but jj* Duties flail that the Lord High Treafurer for the Time being, or Lords Commif- “ kePt* fioncrsof His Majefty’s Treafury, or any Three or more of them for the Time being (hall, for and during the Remainder of the faid Period of Ten Years, to be computed from the Commencement of the faid Ad paffed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, caufe a feparate and diilind Account of One-third Part of the Duties by this Ad granted to be made out in fuch Manner and

Form

 t^ooQle

Commnraeimnt of Aa.

Continuance two Years.

C63,64.	49’	GEO.	IfT.	A.D. 1809.*-

Form at (hart appear tn the Lord High Treaforer for the Time being, or the Lords Commirttooers of His Msjefty's Treafury, or any Three • or more of them for the Time beine, betl adapted to afeertain the Amount of One-third Part of the fard Duties, wh*ch Account the faid Lord HighTreafurer for the Time being, or the Lords Cnmrmfliocefa of His Majefty’s Treafury, or any Three or more of them for the Time being, are hereby required to caufe to be laid before Parliament, together with the Publick Accounts directed to be laid before * Parliament, purfutnt to the Provifions of the faid Adi parted in the Forty-fecood Year of the Reign of His prefect Majefty.

XXVI.	And be it further enadled, That this Adi (hall 'com-' mence and take Effedl, as to all fuch Matters afid Things therein contained, in rcfpedl whereof no fpecial Commeocdmcr* is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the Fiftt Day of Altgift One thouland eight hundred and nine, and (hall remain and continue rt. force for the Space of Two Years, to be computed from that Day*.

49G. 3, C» 142. I 13.

A ’• ^

life Annuities under recited A& extended to dQOOl. Sec.

CAP. LXIV.

An A£t to amend an Adt parted in the laft Seffion of Farli^ ment, for enabling the Commirtioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities.

[3d June 1809.I

4 TT7HEREAS an Adi was parted in the laft S^flion of Parlia-4 VV ment, intituled, An Act for enabling the CommiJJioncrs for the 4 Reduftion of the National Debt to grant Ltfe Annuities, ^nd it was 4 thereby provided, that the total Amount of any Annuity or An-4 nuities to he granted upon the Continuance of the Life of any One 4 Nominee, (hould not in any Cafe, except as therein 19 cxcepted4 4 exceed the Annual Sum of One thoufand Pounds/and that the 4 total Amount of any Annuity or Annuities to be granted upon the 4 Continuance of the Lives of any Two Nominees, or of the Life of the 4 longer Liver of them, (hould not in any Cafe (except as aforefaid} • exceed the annual Sum of One thoufand five hundred Pounds; 4 And whereas it is expedient to enable the granting of Life An-4 nuities to a larger Amount than is limited by the faid recited Adt;* Be it therefore enadted, by the King's moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lor^s Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflcmbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the parting of this Adi, it (hall be lawful for the CommifEoners for the Redudlion of the National Debt, to grant under the Provifions of the faid recited Adi any Annuity or Annuities of any Annual Amount, upon the Continuance either of the Life of any One Nominee or of the Lives of any Two Nominees, and of the Life of the longer Liver of them, fo as the fame do not in any Cafe exceed the Annual Sum of Three thoufand Pounds, except in fuch Cafes wherein by the faid recited Adi an Annuity or Annuities to a larger Amount than is thereby limited, is or are, under the Rertridlions and Provifions therein contained, authorized to be granted, in which. Cafes it (hall alfo be lawful, under the like Reftridl ona and Provifions, to grant any Annuity to a larger Amount than by this Adi is provided, any Thing in the laid recited AA to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

II.	An*

 LjOOQle

A.D.i8op.	49*	GEO.	III.	C.64.	*4$

II.	* And whereas for enabling the Receipt of Half, yearly Pay-

c ments of Life Annuities granted under the Proviiions of the faid	’

*	recited Ad, certain Certificates ami Affidavits are thereby required to c be produced to the Officer appointed in purfuance thereof, in Proof

*	that the refpedive Nominees of fuch Annuities are living at the Time 4 of the refpedive Half-yearly Payments thereof becoming due, and

*	fuch OfiL-eris thereupon required, upon the Produdion of fuch Cer-

*	tificates 3nd Affidavits to grant a Certificate in the Form in the Sche*

*	dule to the faid Ad annexed, marked (F.) for authorizing fuch ‘ Half-yearly Payments at the Bank of England: And whereas it is

*	expedient to difpenfe with the Produ&ion of the, faid Certificates 4 and Affidavits in Cafes where the refpedive Nominee fhali appear

*	perfonally before the faid Officer, and fuch Officer (hall be fatisfied 4 of the Identity of fuch Nominees Bi it therefore further enaded,

That in cafe any Nominee on whofe Life any Annuity fhali depend, iu{^adofthe whether finely or jointly with any other Nominee, fhali appear per- Certificates, &c. fonally before the Officer appointed in purfuance' of. the faid recited required by Ad, on the Day on which a Half-yearly Payment of the faid An- 48 G. 3.c. 142. nuity (hall become due, or on any Day fubfequent thereto, it Fhali be $ l6—'18* f°r lawful for the faid Officer, in cafe he (hail be fati-fied of the Identity AmmUies° the of fuch Nominee to grant a Certificate in the Form fpecified in the Certificate’in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, although the Certificates and’Affi-* Schedule fhali davits required by the faid Ad fhali not be produced to him, which he ufed, where Certificate to be granted by the faid Officer in purfuance of this Ad, ^he Nominees being produced to and lodged with the Governor arid Company of the a*>1>ear‘

Bank of England, (hall be lufficient to authorize them, and they are hereby required to pay to the Perfon entitled to receive the faid Annuity, not only the Half-yearly Payment thereof which fhali have become due on the Day on which any fuch Nominee fhali be certified as living, but alfo all preceding Half-yearly Payments of fuch Annuity which (hall have become due, but which (hail not have been paid, any Thing in the faid recited Ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhali perfonatlug wilfully, falfely, and deceitfully, perfonate any true and real Nominee Nominees or or Nominees, or fhali wilfully, falfely, and deceitfully reprefent any forging Certlfi-other Perfon or Perfons than the true and real Nominee or Nominees cates> Falony. -to be fuch true or real Nominee or Nominees, or (hall forge, coun«

terfeit, or alter, or ad, or affift in forging, counterfeiting, or altering any Certificate or Certificates to be granted by the faid Officer in purfuance of this Ad, or fhali utter any fuch forged Certificate knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with Intent to defraud His Majcfty, His Heirs and SucccfTors, or any other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, then and in every fuch Cafe all and every fack Perfon or Perfons fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convided,

(hall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and fhali fuffer Death as in Cafe* of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.

FORM of CERTIFICATE to be granted, in order to enable the Receipt of the Annuity from Time to Time at the Bank of England*

*	j DO hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of

*	Englandi in purfuance of the Provifions of an Ad patted in the

*	Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His. prefentMajetty, iqtituied*

*	An Ad [here infert the Title of this Ad] that A. B. the Nominee

49 Geo. III.	JL	i

 v^-ooQle

*46	0.64*65*	49°	GEO. UP. ‘A.D.	1809.

*	[or in cafe of Two Nominees, One of kthe Two Nominees] de•

*	feribed ia the Certificate No.	of the

*	Day of	granted for the Purpofe of enabling the Trans-

*	fer of	Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated [or Re-

*	duced] Bank Annuities for the Furchafe of a Life Annuity on the

4 Life of the faid	[or	on	the Lives of the faid

4	and	and the Life of the

4 longer Liver of them] appeared perfonally before me. on the %	Day	of	Witnefs my Hand th»

*	Day of	18	•*

CAP. LXV.

An Act for giving Jurifdiftion' to Juftices of the Peace to hear and determine Profecutions for Penalties incurred by any Offence again ft the Laws relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms; and alfo requiring all Goods, cuftomable and not excifeable, feized by any Police or Peace Officer to be brought to the Cuftom-Houfe Warehoufe in Londcn% within a certain Period.	[3d	Jyne	1809.]

Jurifdiftion tO two Juftices for Recovery of Penalties incurred by Offences againft th* laws relating to tiie Cuftoms.

Diflrefs on Non-payment. Imprisonment ’»> dpfriult of JKftrefs.

♦	TT7HEREAS Doubts have arifen as to the Jurifdiftion of His 4 VV Majefty'a Juftices of the Peace in Cafes of Profecution for

*	Penalties incurred by certain Offences againft the Laws relating to

•	His Majefty’a Revenue of Cuftoms: And whereas it is expedient 4 that the faid Juftices fhould have Jurifdiftion in fuch Cafes ;* Be it therefore enafted by the King’s molt Excellent Majeftv, by and with the Advice and Confent of the I^ords Spiritual aod Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affemhled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the paffing of this Aft it fhall and may be lawful for any Two or more of His Majefty's Juftices of the Peace for anv County, Riding, Division, City, or Liberty whrrcin the Offence (hall arife, or wherein the Offender or Offenders fhall be fouad, to examine into, hear, and determine all Profecutions for Penalties incurred by any Offence againft this or any Aft or Afts now in force, or hereafter to be made relating to His Majefty’s faid Revenue of Cuftoms; and the faid Juftices are hereby authorized and required, upon Information exhibited before them for the Recovery of any fuch Penalty or Penalties, to fummon the Party accufed, and upon his, her, or their Appearance or Default, to proceed to the Examination of the Matter of Faft, and upon'* due Proof thereof, either upon the voluntary Confeffion of fuch Patty, or upon the Oath of Oflt or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes (which Oath the faid Juftices are hereby empowered to adminifter) to convift the Offender or Offenders in the faid Penalty or Penalties, and in cafe of the Nonpayment thereof the faid Juftices are hereby authorized and required to caufe the fame by Warrant of Diftrefs and Sale under their Hands and Seals, to be levied upon the Goods and Chattels of the faid Offender or Offenders, and in Default of (efficient Diftrefs, to commit the faid Offender or Offenders to any of His Majefty’s Gaols in the County wherein the Offence fhall have arifen, or wherein the Offender or Offenders fhall have been found, there to remain for the Space of Six Months, or until the faid Penalty or Penalties fhall be paid.

II- Pro-

Digitized

i by Google

*47

this AA (Hall extend to or be conftru£d to extend to empower the Penalties beyond faid Juftices to examine into, hear, or determine any Profecution for 50' fuch Penalties as aforefaid, in any Cafe wherein the fame fhall in the Whole exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, unlefs they (hall be fo empowered by any other ACt or A3« of Parirameiit now in force or hereafter to be made.

IIT. ' And Whereas Doubts Have arifen in Proceedings before

*	Juftices of the Peace for Penalties or Forfeitures inpurred by OF-

*	fences againft the Laws relating to His Majeffy’s Revenue of

*	Cuftoms, where fuch Juftices have iffued oitt Summons for the Ap-€ pearance of the Party againft whom fuch Proceedings have been

*	inftituted, which Summons hath been left at the Houfe or ufual 4 Place of Refidence of fuch Party, whether the fame (hotild be deem-

*	ed a good and fufficient Summons, and as legal and effectual a Notice

*	as if the fame had been perfonally ferved upon fuch Party ; for the

4 Removal of fudi Doubts/ Be it declared and enaCted, That in all Service of Proceedings before any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for any Fine, Summons at Penalty, or Forfeiture incurred under any ACt or ACts of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made relating to His NLjeftjfs faid Revenue of Ciiftoms, every fuch Summons fo left as aforefaid, and directed to fuch Party by his, her, or their right or affumed Name, ia and (hail be (except where particular Provifions are or (hall be made for fummoning Offenders, or for condemning Seizures made from Per-fons unknown) deemed to be as good and fufficient a Summons, and as legal and effectual a Notice as if the fame were perfonally ferved upon fuch Party, and as if the fame were directed to fuch Party, by his, her, or their proper Name or Names*

IV.	Provided always, and be it further cnaCked, That where any ju^c„

Party (hail or may be convicted before any Two or more of His Ma- mitigate jefty’s Juftices of the Peace, in any Penalty or Penalties incurred by Penalties to any Offence againft any ACt or ACts relating to His Majefty’s faid One-half. Revenue of Cuftoms, wherein no Power of Mitigation (hall be given

to the faid Juftices, or where it (hall be given not fpecifically by the fame ACt or ACts, but onlv by reference to fome other Law or Laws, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Juftices, in Cafes where upon Confederation of the Circurtiltances they (hall deem it expedient fo to do, to mitigate the Payment of the faid Penalty or Penalties, fo as the Sum to be paid by fuch Party be not lefs than One-half of the Amount of the Penalty or Penalties in which fuch Party (hall have been convi&ed.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That where any jmprifonment fuch Offender or Offenders (hall haVe been committed to any fuch expired fhall Gaol as aforefaid, for Default of fuch Diftrefs as aforefaid, and (hall dear from there remain until the Expiration of the Period for which he, (he, or *hies. they, (hall have been committed, he, (he, or they (hall be wholly difeharged from the Payment of fuch Penalty or Penalties, in refpcA

whereof fuch Warrant of Diftrefs hath been iffued to all Intents and Purpofts, as if the full Penalty or Penalties had been paid by the faid Offender or Offenders immediately upon his, her, or their Conviction therein.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That no In- Limitation of formation or Proceeding for any Fioe, Penalty, or Forfeiture incurred Time for by any Offence againft any ACt or ACt3 now in force or hereafter Informations,

La

to Six Months.



V

Google

14*

41 G. 3. c. 115. $ 1*

All C.uftomable find prohibited Goods feieed as (uUjcA to Forfeiture, (hall be conveyed to the ( uftom HouTe, within forty-ei^lit Hours.

Cuftomable aad inhibited Goods Teized as fdoni-c'ufly ftolen, (hall be deposited in thsTbaraes&r

C:6$.

49° GEO. HI.

A.D. 1809

to be made, relating to His Majefty’s faid Revenue of Cuftoms, (hall be exhibited or inftituted before any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace after the Expiratiou of Six Months from the Time of committing the Offence whereby fuch Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture hath been incurred.

VII.	4 And Whereas, by an Aft made in the Forty*third Year of 4 the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An A3 to explain and 4 amend Tnvo Ads made in the Second, and Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Tear 4 of the Reign of His prefent Majejly, for preventing the committing of 4 !Thefts and Frauds by Perfons navigating Bum Boats and other Boats f upon the River Thames, and for the more ejfcdual Prevention of Depre-

* dations thereon, fo far as relates to the Seizure of Excifeable Commodi-4 ties, it is amongtt other Things enafted, that all Goods, Wares* g or Merchandize, fubjtft or liable to a Duty of Excife, which (hall 4 be Hopped, detained, or taken by any Police or Peace Officer or 4 other Perfon or Perfons under and by virtue of the Afts of Par-4 liament therein recited, or under or by virtue of any other Authority 4 whatever, for or by reafon of the fame having been unfhipped, 4 fmugglcrd, or run on (hore, (hall, and the fame are thereby direfted 4 and required to be carried, conveyed, or taken to and depofited and

*	lodged in the Chief Office of Excife in London, in order that fuch 4 AVticles and the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Cuftody or Poffeffion the 4 fame were found, may be profecuted or proceeded againft, as the 4 Nature of the Cafe (hall or may require : And whereas it is expedient 4 that ail Goods, Warce, or Merchandize liable to the Payment of the 4 Duties of Cuftoms, and not to the Duties of Excife on Importation 4 thereof, or which (hall be prohibited to be imported, or prohibited 4 to be worn or ufed in this Country, or which (hall be fubjeft to 4 Forfeiture for being unfhipped without the Prefence of an Officer of 4 the Cuftoms, or for any other Caufe whatever under any Law re-4 lating to the Revenue of Cuftoms, which (hall be fo Hopped, de-4 tained, or taken, ffiould be depofited and lodged in His Majefty’s 4 Warchoufe at the Cufiom Houfe in London \9 Be it therefore further enafted. That all Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which by any Aft or Afts now in force or hereafter to be made, are or mzy be liable to the Payment of the Duties of Cufioms, and not to the Duties of Excife on Importation thereof, or which are or may be prohibited to be imported or to be worn or ufed in this Country, or which are or may be fubjeft.ro Forfeiture for being unfhipped without the Prefence of an Officer of the CuHoms, or for any other Caufe whatever under any Law relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms, and which (hall be fo (topped, detained, or taken, (hall, and they are hereby direfted and required to be carried, conveyed, or taken to and depofited and lodged in His Majefty’s Wareboufe at the Cuftom Houfe in London, within Forty-eight Hours after the fame (hall have been fa taken, (topped, or detained, in order that all fuch Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Cuftody or Poffeffion the fame were found, may be profecuted or proceeded againft, as the Nature of the Cafe (hall or may require ; any Thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, Thai in cafe any fuch Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which are or may be fo liable to the Payment of the Duties of Cuftoms and not to the Duties of Excife, or which ire or may be prohibited to be imported or to be worn or ufed in this

Country,

 CjOOQle

M9

A.D.i8c9»	49*	GEOf IU/	C.65.

Country, or which are or may be fo fubje& to Forfeiture for being unfhipped without the Prefence of an Officer of the Cuftoms, or for any other Cwfe whatever under any Law relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms, (hall be flouprd, detained, or taken by any Police or Peace Officer or other Perfort or Perfons, on Sufpicion of the fame having been felonioufly ftoleu, taken, or r-xtived, it fhail and may be lawful to and for fuch Police or Peace Officer or other Perfon cr Perfons fo flopping, detaining, or taking the fame, to lodge and depofit all fuch Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, as aforefaid, in the Office of the 'Thames Police, or the Police Office neareft to the Place where the fame fh*ll be fo flopped, detained, or taken as aforefaid, there to remain until and in order to be produced at the Trial of any Perfon or Perfons who {hall or may be charged with felonioufly Healing, taking, or receiving the fame aa aforefaid.

IX- Provided always, and be it further enabled, That every fuch Police Officer or Peace Officer or other Perfon or Pet-for.s who (hall fo Hop, detain, or take any fuch Goods* Wares, or Merchandize as aforefaid, on Sufpicion of the fame having been fo felonioufly flolen, taken, or received as aforefaid, fhall within Forty-eight Hours' after’ he or they fhall have flopped, detained, or taken the fame as aforefaid, give Notice, thereof in Writing ta the Commiffioners for managing His Majefly’s Cuftoms, together with the Particulars of fuch Goods, Wares, and Merchandize fo flopped, detained, or taken as aforefaid.

X.	And be it further enabled, That when and fo foon as the Perfon or Perfons fo charged with felonioufly Healing, taking, or receiving any fuch Goods, Wares, or Merchandize as aforefaid, fhall have been tried for the faid Felony, all fuch Goods, Wares, and Merchandize as aforefaid, fhall be immediately conveyed to, and depofited in His Majefty’s Warehoufe at the Cuftom Houfe in London, to be profecuted or proceeded againft for fuch Caufe of Forfeiture as the fame may be liable to, or be reftored upon Payment of fuch Duties as may be due in refpe& of the fame, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as may prove himfelf to be the legal Proprietor, or otberwife be dealt with in fuch Manner as the Cafe may require.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That in cafe any fuch Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which are or may be fo liable to the Payment of the Duties of Cuftotas, and not to the Duties of Excife, or which are or may be prohibited to be imported, or to be wotn ot ufed in this Country, or which are or may be fo fubje& to Forfeiture for being unfhipped without the Prefence of an Officer of the Cuftoms, or for any other Caufe whatever under any Law relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms, and which fhall be flopped, detained, or taken as aforefaid* (hall not be conveyed to and depofited and lodged in His Majefty’s Warehoufe at the Cuftom Houfe in Landofi, in the Manner aiid within the Time or Times refpe&ively by this A& dirc6led, all fuch Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, fhall and may be feized or re-feized by any Officer or Officers of His Majcfty’s Cuftoms, and the Party or Parties negle&ing or refufing fo to convey to and depofit and lodge the fame in His Majefty’s Warehoufe at the Cuftom Houfe as aforefaid, fhall forfeit and lofe the Sum of Twenty Pounds, Orte Moiety whereof fhall be to His Majefty, His Heirs and Suc-ceflors, and the other Moiety to him or them who (hall inform or fue for the fame.

L3	CAP.

other Police Office, to he produced on Trial of Offender.

Notice of fuch Detention fhall be given to the Cuftom Houfe.

Such Goods fhall be carried to the Cuftom Hoife after Trial.

Goods fo ferzed and not carried to Cuftom Houfe, may be feized or re-feized by Officers of Cuftoms; and the Party neglecting Audi forfeit 2QL

 L.ooQle

C.66)6‘j.

A.D.1809.

150

49® GEO. HI. CAP. LXVI.

An AfX for the Abolition of certain Holidays, and for altering and extending the Time for keeping open the Chief Office of Excife.	[3d	June	1809.]

S3 G. 2. c. 26.

| 12.

No Holidays at the Excite except Saadats, Chriftma* Day, GaoflFfidayj&c.

s

Office Homs from Eight to Three*

*	TT7HEREAS by an A& pafiVd in the Twenty.third Year of the 4 VV Reign of His Ute Majrtty King George the Second, amongft 4 other Things, for appointing the Time tor which the Exc»fe Office

*	{hall be kept open, it is provided that Inch Office (hall be kept open

*	from Eight of the Clock in the Morning, until Two of the Clock

*	in the Afternoon and no longer: And whereas certain Holidays

*	have been and arc now kept at the (aid Office, by which the Pub-

*	lick Bulinefs has ofteu been delayed, and Individuals put to Incon-f venience : And whereas it would be for the Benefit of the Revenue,

*	and contribute materially to the Accommodation of the Publick, to f abolifh many of the Holidays hitherto obftrved, and to extend the

*	Time for keeping open the Chief Office Be it therefore enacted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTcmbied, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the paffing of this Aft, no {iohdays whatever (hall be permitted or allowed to be kept at the Chief Office, or at any other Office of Excife, except Chr't/lmas Day and Good Friday in every Year, and any Days which mail be appointed by His Ma-jefty*s Proclamation for the Purpcfe of a General Fail or Thankf-giving, and alfo the Annivcrfaries of the Reftoration of His Majefty King Charles the Second, and of the Coronation of His Majefty, and the Birth Days of Their Majeft»es, and of His Royal Highntfs the Prince of Wales ; but that all Bufincfs at the (aid Offices relating to the Revenue of Excife (hall be carried on and performed on every Day throughout the Year, Sundays and the Days before mentioned only excepted, any Law, Cuftom, or Ufage, to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

II. And be it alfo enafted, That from and after the laid paffing of this Aft, the faid Chief Office (hail be kept open from Eight of the Clock in the Moraiug until Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to amend an Aft pafied in the Forty-fixth Year of ,	His prefent Majefty, for the Redemption and Sale of the

Land Tax, and to make further Provifipn for exonerating Small Livings and Charitable Inflitutions from the Land Tax,

[3d June 1809.]

46G. a. e. 133. * WHEREAS by an Aft pafled in the Forty fixth Year of the §2.	*	* VV Reign of H s prefent Majefty, intituled, An A3 to amend

i an A3 pojfed in the Forty fecovd Tear of His prefent Majefy, for 4 confolidatitig the feveral A Els paffed for the Redemption and Sa,e of the 4 Land Tax and to make further Prov'fion for exonerating fmall Livings 4 and charitable Jnjhtutwns from the Land Tax, after rearing that the 4 Profits anting to the Pub ick from the Redemption cf Land Tax by . • Bodies Politic and Corporate, and Companies and Feoffees and * TrulUes for Charitable and other Publick Purpofes, by Sales under

* the

 LjOOQle

A.D.1809.	49° GEO. IIE	*0.67.	1:5V

*	the Authority of the Commiffioners appointed by Letters Patent 4 tinder the Great Seal of Great Britain, for the Purpofe of regulating,

*	difefting, approving, and confirming fuch Sales, amounted to a very 4 large Sum, and was fkeiy to be confiderably iucreafed by further 4 Sales and Contrafts for Sale for the Redemption of Land Tax under,

*	the Authority of the faid Commiflioners, and that it might be ex-‘ pedient to augment the Income of Small Livings or other Eccle-4 fiaftical Benefices, and^of Charitable lnllitutions, by exonerating the,

*	fame from the Land Tax charged on the Mefluages, Lands, Tene-4 ments, or other Hereditaments belonging to fuch Livings or other 4 Ecclcliaftical Benefices or Charitable Irflitutions in the Manner 4 therein mentioned, it was enafted, that it fhouid and might be lawful

*	for the Commiffioners appointed or to be appointed by Letters

*	Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Purpofes afore*

4 faid, at any Time within the Space of Two Years after the pafling	f

*	of the faid Aft, to direft the Exoneration and Difcharge of the

*	Land Tax charged upon the Mefluages, Lands, Tenements,, and	•	«	.	*

*	other Hereditaments btlonging to any Livings or other Eccle-4 fiaftical Benefices or Charitable InHitutions in Cafes where the clear

*	Annual Income of fuch Livings or other Ecclefiaftical Benefices or

*	Charitable lnllitutions fhouid not exceed the Sum of One hundred r and fifty Pounds, without the Transfer or Payment of any Con-4 fideration tor the fame, in the Manner and under the Direftions

*	and Reftriftions in the faid Aft mentioned, provided that the

*	Annual Amount of Land Tax to be exonerated by virtue of the

‘ faid Aft, under the Direftion of the faid Comrxrffioners without the	;

4 Transfer or Payment of any Confideration fhouid not exceed the 4 Sum of Six thoufand Pounds: And whereas it appears from the 1263 Benefice*

4 Proceedings of the faid Commiffioners in the Execution of the a.ud 308 Cllar^

4 Powers and Authorities veiled in them by the faid Aft, of which 4 Proceedings a Statement has been laid before Parliament, purfuant from Land

*	to the Provifions for that Purpofe in the faid Aft contained, that Tax, amount-,

*	they have direfted the Exoneration and Difcharge of the Land i«»gto

4 Tax charged upon Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, and other Here*,	6s.	a|d.

4 ditaments belonging to One thoufand two hundred and fixty-three

*	Living%or other Ecclefiattical Benefices, and to Two hundred and

*	eight Cnaritable lnllitutions in Cafes where the clear Annual Amount 4 ot fuch Livings or other Ecclefiallical Benefices and Charitable In-'

*	ftitutions do not exceed the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds,

4 without the Transfer or Payment of any Confideration in the Manner

*	and under the Directions and Reftriftions in the faid Aft * meh-

*	tioned, and that the Annual Amount of Land Tax which has been '

4 fo exonerated is only Five thoufand fix hundred and feventy Pounds

* Six Shillings and Three-pence Three Farthings : And whereas the	3 J

*	Time limited by the faid Aft, for tranfmitting to the faid Coramif^

4 fioners the Memorials which were required by the faid Aft, in order 4 to entitle the Parties claiming fuch Exoneration to the Benefit thereof 4 is expired : And whereas the Profits arifing to the Publick from the

*	Redemption of Land Tax by Bodies Politic and Corporate and	*	^

4 Companies and Feoffees and Truftees for Charitable and other Pub- ’

4 lick Purpofes, have been confiderably increafed by further Sales and 4 Contrafts for Sale for the Redemption of Land Tax under the 4 Authority of the faid Commiffioners fince the Time of paifing the 4 faid recited Aft, and much Benefit to the Publick may be expefted

L4	«	if

 LjOOQIC

x5*

Com mi loners appointed under the Great Seal, may within 18 Month* exonerate from the Land Tax (not exceeding 800ol. per Annum) Meffuages belonging to Small livings and Charitable Inftitu-lions; asunder *6G,3.C.133.*

H EHx. e. a.

€.67*68*	490	GEO.	III.	A.D. 1809.

4 if fuch Redemption of Land Tax bv Bodies Politic and Corporate, 4 and Companies and Feoffees, and Truftecs for Charitable and other

•	Publick Purpofes, fhall continue to be made unebr the Provilions and

•	Authorities to that EfTeft, in the faid Act of the Forty-fecond Year

•	of His prefent Majefty’s Reign contained : And whereas it is ex-4 pedient further to extend the Benefits of the faid recited Act of

•	the Forty-fixth Year of HiR prefcnt M^jefty’s Reign to fuch other

•	Livings or other Ecclefiaftical Benefices or Charitable Inftitutions

•	in Cafes where the whole clear Annual Income thereof does not

•	exceed the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds as have not yet

•	had the Benefit of the faid recited Aft ;* Be it therefore enafted by the King’* motl Excellent Majefly by and with the Advice and Con* fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTcmblcd, and by the Authority of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful for the raid Comm (fi oners at any Tinpe within the Space of Eighteen C endar Mouths after the pailing of this Aft to direft the Exon^ation an(j Difcharge of the Land Tax charged upon fuch Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments in the Manner and under the Direftions and Reftric* tions, as in the faid recited Aft of the Forty-fixth Year of His prefent Majefty are. mentioned, provided that the Annual Amount of Land Tax to be exonerated by virtue of this Aft, (hall not, together with the before mentioned Annual Sum of Five thoufar.d fix hundred

. apd feventy Pounds Six Shillings and Three-pence Three Farthings exceed the Total Yearly Sum of Eight thoufand Pounds: Provided alfo, that Memorials, fuch a* were direfted by the faid Aft of the Forty-fixtb Year of His prefent M-jelly to be tnnfmitted to the laid Commiffioners, and which mud be verified in fuch Manner as they fhall require aud direft, and alfo the Certificates direfted thereby to be tranfmitted to the faid Commiffioners, figned by Two or more Commiffioners of Land Tax, which Certificate* fuch faid laft-men-tioned Commiffioners were by the faid Aft and arc hereby authorized and required to grant, and (hall be fo tranfmitted to the (aid Commif* fionera appointed under the Great Seal of Great Britain, within Twelve Months after the pafliug of this Aft.

44 Commiffioners may by Indorsement on the Certificate of Land * Tax, declare the Lands exonerated therefrom. § 3. Sufch Certi-4t ficates of Exoneration (hall be regiftered gratis. £ 4. Proceedings 44 of Commiffioners fhall be laid before Parliament before Clofe of the 4t Seffion 1811. §5. Deeds enrolled or regiftered at any Time before 44 the paffing of this Aft, or within twelve Months after, declared 11 valid. $ 6. Powers of recited Acb extended to this Aft. § 7.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act to explain and amend the Law of Baftardy* fo far

as relates to indemnifying Parifhes in refpeft thereof.

[3d	1809.]

4 TTTHEREAS the Provifio-'s of an Aft made in the Eighteenth 4 VV Yeer of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, concerning Baftards 4 begotten and born out of lawful Matrimony, are found to be in-4 adequate to the Purpofes of indemnifying Parifhes againft the 4 Charges and Expences incurred by the apprehending and freuring 4 the reputed Father, and alfo by the obtaining the Order of Filiation :

4 And

 v^ooQle

4.D.1809.	49° GEO. Ill,	C.68.

‘ And whereas it is expedient that fuch Charge! and Expences fhould

*	he borne and difcharged by the adjudged reputed Father of fuch

*	Baftard Child or Children, at the Discretion of the Juftices by whom 4 fuch Adjudication (hail be made, either in the Court of Quarter

*	Seffions or otherwise, not exceeding the Amount hercin-after men-

*	tioned Be it therefore enabled by the King’s mod Excellent M jefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords, Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflcmbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That every Perfon who (hall hereafter be adjudged to be the reputed Father of any Baftard Child or Children, (hall be chargeable with and liable to the Payment of all reafonabk Charges and Expences incident to the Birth of fuch Baftard Child or Children, and alfo to the Payment of the reafonable Cofts of apprehending and fecuring fuch reputed Father, and alfo to the Payment of the Cofts of the Order of Filiation, fuch Cofts of apprehending and fecuring the reputed Father, and of the Order of Filiation, not to exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds; and all fuch Charges, Expences, and Cofts, "fhali be duly and rcfpr&ively ascertained on Oath before the Juftices of the Peace or the Court of Quarter Seffions making fuch Order of Filiation, which Oath fuch Juftices or Court are hereby rcfpe&ively empowered to adminifter.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Single Woman (hall declare herfelf to be with Child, and that fuch Child is likely to be born a Baftard and to be chargeable to any Pariffi, Townfhip, or Extra-parochial P^ace, and (hail, in an Examination to be taken in Writing upon CLth before any Juftice of the Peace of any County, Riding, Divifion, City. Liberty or Town Corporate wherein fuch Pariffi, Townffi p, or Piace (hall lie, charge any Perfon with having gotten her with Cnild, it (hall be lawful to and for fuch Juftice, upon Application made to him by the Overfeer of the Poor of fuch Pariffi or Townffiip, or by any fubftantial Houfcholder of fuch Extra-parochial Piace, to out his Warrant for the immediate apprehending of fuch Perfon £0 charged as aforefaid, and for bringing him before fuch Juftice, or before any other Juftice of the Peace of fuch County, Ri-ing, Divifion, Liberty, or Town Corporate; and the Ji.ftice before whom fuch Perfon (hall be brought, having Authority id this Behalf, is hereby authorized and required to commit the Perfon fo charged as af >refaid to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Corrc&ion of fuch County, Riding, Divifion, Liberry or Town Corporate, unlefs he (hall give Securi y to indemnify fuch Pariffi or Piace, or (hall enter into a Recognizance with fufficient Surety or Sureties upon Condition to appear at the uext General Quarter Seffions or General Seffions of the Peace to be holden for fuch County, Riding, Divifion, City, Liberty, or Town Corporate, to abide and perform fuch Or<}er or Orders as ffiali then be made in purfuance of the fxid AS of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, unlefs One fuch Juftice as aforefaid, (hall have certified in Writing under his Hand to fuch General Quarter Seffions or General Seffions of the Peace, that it had been proved before him upon the Oath of One credible Witnefp, that fuch S»ngle Woman had not been then delivered, or had been delivered within One Month only previous to the Day on which fuch General Quarter Seffions or General Seffions of the Peace (hail be holden, or unlefs Two Juftices of the Peace of fuch County, Riding, Divifion, City, Liberty, or Town Corporate, (hall have certified

*53

Reputed Father of a Baftard fhail be chargeable with Expences incident to the Birth, and with Cofts of his own Apprelienfion and of the Order of Filiation.

Men charged on Oath by Women likely to be delivered of Baftards, maybe apprehended by Warrant of a Juftice and compiled to give Security to indemnify the Parifh, or to abide the Order of Seffions under 18 Eliz. c. 3.

 LjOOQle

49* GEO, IIL	A.D.1809.

lifted in Writing under their Hands to the next, or where fuch Woman (hall not have been delivered as aforefaid, then to the immediately fubfequent General Quarter Seffions or General Scffions of the Peace, that an Order of Filiation had been already made on the Perfon fo charged, or that fuch Order was rot then rtauifite to be made, on account of the Death of the Child bom a Baftard, or for other like fufficient Reafon; in each of which Cafes firftly before mentioned, it (hall be lawful for the Juftices aflrmbled at fuch General Quarter S.fiions or General Scffions of the Peace, to refpite fuch Recognizance to the then next General Quarter Scffions or General Scffions of the Peace to be holden for fuch County, Riding, Divifion, City, or Town Corporate, without requiring the Pcrfonal Attendance of the Putative Father fo bound, or of that of his Surety or Sureties, and in either of the faid Two laft mentioned Cafes it (hall be lawful for the Juftices aflemblcd as aforefaid wholly to difeharge fuch Recognizance.

III.	■ And Whereas Parifhes are often put to great Expence in 4 enforcing the Performance of Orders of Maintenance made on the 4 Filiation, of Baftard Children f Be it therefore further enafied. For Maintenance That if any reputed Father or any Mother of fuch Baftard Child or ol Baftard Children on whom any Order of Filiation or Maintenance of fucb Child Children. or Children fhall have been made by the Court of Quarter Scffions, or which (hall have been made by Two Jufticesof the Peace and confirmed Father or	by the Court of Quarter Stffions, or againft which no Appeal fhall

Mother negle&- have been made to the Court of Quarter Scffions, fhall negleft or refufe ingtopay for to pay any Sum or Sums of Monty which he or fhe fhall have been Muntenuiceof ordered to pay towards the Maintenance or other Suftentation for the ing to Order, * Relief of any fuch Baftard Child or Children by any fuch Order, it may be appre- fhall be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace of the County, Riding, hended and v r Divifion, City, Liberty or Town Corporate in which fuch reputed committed by * Father or fuch Mother fhall happen to be, and the faid Juftice is hereby One Juftice, for * rcqUjrc^[ Up0n Complaint made to him by any One of the Overfeers of Payment! 01	^oor anY Pariffi, Townfhip, or Place hable to the Maintenance

or Support of fuch Baftard Child or Children, or where iuch Baftard Child or Children fhall then be, and upon Proof on Oath of fuch Order for the Payment of fuch Sum or Sums of Money, and of fuch Sum or Sums of Money being unpaid, and of a Demand of fuch Payment having V been made, and a Refufal to pay the fame, or that fuch reputed Father or fuch Mother hath left his or her ufual Place of Abode, and hath avoided a Demand thereof being made by fuch Overfeer, to iflue his Warrant to apprehend fuch reputed Father or fuch Mother; and to bring him or her before fuch Juftice or any other Juftice of the Peace > of the fame County, Riding, Divifion, City, Libeity, or Town Corporate, to anfwer fucb Complaint; and if fuch reputed Father or fuch Mother (hall not pay fuch Sum or Sums of Money as (hall appear to the faid Juftice before whom fuch reputed Father or fuch Mother (hall be brought to be due and unpaid, or (hall not ftuw to fuch Juftice fome reafonable and fufficient Caufe for not fo doing, it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftice, and the faid Juftice is hereby required to commit fuch reputed Father or fucb Mother to the Publick Houfe of Corre&ion or Common Gaol of the faid County, to be there kept to hard Labour for the Space of Three Months, unlefs fuch reputed Father or fuch Mother (hall, before the Expiration of the faid Three Months, pay or caule to be paid to One of the Overfeers of the Poor of the PariftJ,

Townlhip,

154

G 68.



A,D.i8o9.	49°	GEO,	III.	C.<58.	*SS

Townflvp, or Place on whofe Behalf fuch Complaint as aforefaid was mad?, the (aid Sum or Sums of Money fo due andunpaid as aforefaid, and fo from Time to Time and as often as fuch reputed Father dr fuch Mother fhail in Manner aforefaid negleft or refufe to pay any other S'im or Sums of Money that (hall afterwards become due by virtue of and under fuch Order after the Expiration of or Difcharge from any fuch former Imprisonment as aforefaid.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That all fuch Expences and Charges, ExpenceF, and Cofts fhail be wholly fubjeft to the Difcretion Cofts fubje£ to of the Juftices or Court of Quarter Seflions who fhail make fuch thePifcretionof Order of filiation; and the Juitice$ or Court of Quarter Seflions arc gj^^and hereby authorized, if they fhail fee fit, to allow and order Payment recoverable as of the Whole or any Part thereof: Provided always, that the Cofts of under apprehending and fecuring the reputed Father, and of the Order of* *8Eliz. c.3. Filiation, fhail not in any Cafe exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds ; and

for ftculing the due Payment of the fame, after fuch Allowance and Order as aforefaid, all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provifions*

Claufes, Matters, and Things contained in the faid Aft pafled in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elt%abeth> concerning.Baftards begotten and born out of lawful Matrimony, fhail be rtfpefttvely obferyed, uftd, and praftifed in the Execution of this Aft, and fhail be conftrued, deemed, and taken to apply as fully and effeftually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the faid Powers, Authorities, Provilions,

Claufes; Matters and Things were fpeciaily recited and re-enafted in this Aft.

V.	Provided aifo, and be it further enafted, That any Perfon or Appeal to the Perfons who (hall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by Quarter Seflions, any Order made by fuch Juitices as aforefaid under the Provifions of on giving Notice this Aft, and not originating in the Quarur Seflions, may appeal to

the next General Quarter Seflions of the Peace to be holden for the County where fuch Order fhail be made, on giving Notice to fuch Juftices or to One of them, and aifo to the Churchwardens and Over-leers of the Pcor of the Parifh on whofe Behalf fuch Order fhail have been made, or to One of them, Ten clear Days before fuch General Quarter Seflions of the Peace at which fuch Appeal fhail be made, of his, her, or their Intention of bringing fuch Appeal, and of the.

Caufe and Matter thereof, and entering into a Recogn'zance within Three Days after fuch Notice before fome Juftice of the Peace for fuch County, with fufficient'Surety conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and abide the Judgment and Order of, and pay fuch Cofts as fhail be, awarded by the Juftices at fuch Quarter S ffions, which faid Juftices at their faid Scfii>ns, upon Proof of fucb Notice beii g given, and of entering into fuch Recognizance as aforefaid, fhail and they are hereby required to proceed in, hear, and determine the Caufes and Matters of-all fuch Appeals, and (hall give fuch Relief and Cofts to the Parties appealing or appealed againft as they in their Difcretion fhail judge proper; and fuch Judgments and Orders therein made fhail be final, binding, and conclufive to all Parties concerned, and to all Intents and P Tpofes whatfoever.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That fo much of an Aft pafled in So much of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the 6Geo.2. c.3i. Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Parifhes and other Places § 1, 2, as au-from fuch Charges as may artfe from Bajlard Children horn within the thari2es t!uftice3 fame, as authorizes the Juftice or juftices before whom the reputed ^^Fadieri

Father 1

 v^,ooQle

15$

before Birth of the Baftard, repealed.

No future Appeal without Notice.[*Ste§50

48 G. 3. c. 48.

C68—71.	490 GEO. III.	A.D.1809.

Father of a Ballard Child (hall be brought, in Cafes where the Woman has not been delivered, to commit fuch reputed Father to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Corrcdion, unlefs he (hall give Security to indemnify’ the Parifti or Place, or (hah enter into a Recognizance with fufficient Surety upon Condition to appear at the next General Quarter Stiltons or General Seffions of the Peace, (hall be and the fame i9 hereby repealed.

VII.	And be it further cnaded, That from and after the psffing of this Ad, no Appeal in any Cafe relating to Baftardy (hall be brought, received, or heard at the faid Quarter S (lions, unlefs fuch Notice (hall have been given, and fuch Recognizance (h*il have been entered into in Manuer aforefaid, according to the Provifions of this Ad!

fl Commencement of Ad, 20th July 1809. § 8.

CAP. LXIX.

An Ad to indemnify Perfons who have inadvertently printed, publiflied, or difperfed Papers or Books without a full Description of the Place of Abode of the Printers thereof, from Penalties incurred under an Ad of the Thirty-ninth Year of His Majefty’s Reign.	[3d	June	1809.3

** 39 G. 3. c. 79 /. 27. recited. Perfons having printed Papers or •* Books with the Name of the Street of their Abode, omitting the •f Name of the Town or City (qr vicevcrfa), indemnified againft “ Penalties under recited Ad. § i. Ad (hall not extend to Cou-11 vidions or Judgments had before the palling of the Ad. § 3.

C A P. LXX.

An Ad to amend an Ad pafled in the Forty-eighth Year of His prefent Majefty, to enable His Majefty’s Poftmafter General of Ireland to purchafe Premifes for the Enlargement of the General Poll Office in the City of Dublin.

[3d June 1809.3

u Poftmafter General of Ireland empowered to contrad for the Pre-•« mifes on which the Poft Office in Dublin Hands. $ I. Powers of •« former Ad extended to this Ad. § 2. Money neceffary for the “ Purpofes of this and former Ad (hall be paid out of the Duty on u Poftage. §3.

CAP. LXXI.

An Ad for railing the Sum of Fourteen Millions Six hundred thoufand Pounds by way of Annuities. [3d June 1809,3

fi Every Contributor of 100/. (hall be entitled from 5th April 1809 “ to a Principal of Sol. in the Four per Cents. 60/. in the Three u per Cents Reduced; and an Annuity of 8x. 10d. for 50 Years and “ 9 Months. § 1. Duties under 46 G. 3. c. 65. (hall not be charged V on the firft half Year’s Dividends. § 8. Treafury may remit to “ Ireland 3,000,000/. § 24. To be provided for in Ireland. § 12: u 600,000/. for the Service of the Prince Regent of Portugal raifed “ in the Three per Cents Reduced, creating a Capital of 895,522/.



Google

*57

A.D.1809.	490	GEO.	III.	C. 71,72,73 i

44 Js. 9d.	Intereft 26,865/. 13*. Sinking Fund 50,000/.

44 Charges of Management 304/. 9/. 6|J. All to be provided for 44 by the faid Prince. §§ 13. 16. 25. 800/. per Million may be retained 44 by the Bank as the whole Charges of Management. § 28. Forging 44 Receipts for Contributions, Felony without Clergy. $32. Bank “ lhall remain a Corporation till Annuities under this Aft (hall 4‘ ceafe. f 33.

CAP. LXXn.

An Act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, certain Afts of the Parliament of Ireland, for the Improvement of the City of jDublin) by making wide and convenient Paflages through the fame, and for regulating the Coal Trade thereof, and for other Purpofes.	[3d	June 1809.]

44 Irjjb Aft 21 & 22 G. 3. c. 17. (continued by 22 & 24 G- 3. r. 31 ;

44 30 G. 3. c. 19.) further continued to 25th March 1811. Provifions 44 in recited Aft rtfpefting the Freedom of the Coal Trade, declared 44 to be in force. § 2. Aft may be altered this Seflion. § 3.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act to grant to His Majefty Duties upon Spirits made or diftilled in Ireland, and upon Britijb Spirits imported into Ireland, and upon Licences to fell Spirituous Liquors in Ireland in Quantities not lefs than Two Gallons.

[10th June 1809.]

4 Moft Gracious Sovereign,

4 TTT E Your Majefty’* mod dutiful and loyal Subjefts the Commons • VV of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Par-4 liament aflcmbicd, towards railing the neeeflary Supplies, have freely 4 and voluntarily rtfolved to give and grant unto Your Majefty the 4 Duties herein-after mentioned, and do moft humbly bcfeech Your 4 Majefty that it may be enafted ;’ and be it enafted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Duty Duty on Spirits, of Excife charged and payable under and by virtue of any Aft or Afts mafle in Ireland, in force in Ireland immediately before the paffing of this Aft, for and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vitae, Strong Watets, or Spirits, made or Great Britaill diftilled in Ireland from Corn malted or uumalted or from Sugar, or for after Sept. 29, which any Diftiller in Ireland is chargeable by Law, and alfo the 1809, lhall be Duty on the Importation into Ireland from Great Britain on every charged Gallon of Spirits made or diftilled from Corn or Grain, or Sugar, in ^^rSuIncth Great Britain, (hall, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September eiT enStn* One thoufand eight hundred and nine, be charged and paid in Ireland on all fuch Spirits as (hall be of a Strength not exceeding the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof; and that for and upon every Gallon of all fuch Spirits of a greater Strength than One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, there (hall be paid the like Duty as is payable for Spirits not exceeding the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof 5 aod alfo a further Duty in proportion to the Duty payable for Spirits of the fame Denomination according to the Degree of

6	Strength



Google

C-73>74«	49° GEO- III.	A.D.T&09.

Strength in which fuch Spirits (hall exceed the (aid Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof.

II.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the Twenty-on Dcenc« to* nlnth Day of September One thou fa nd eififht hundred and nine, fo much fell Liquor* from an Aft made in the Forty-Eighth Year of His prefent Majefiy’s 2 to 50 Gallons, Reign, intituled, An Adi to repeal certain Duties of Excife in Ireland* repealed.	and to grant certain Stamp Duties in lieu thereof, and alfo certain othef

Stamp Duties, and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and of the Schedule thereto annexed, as impofes any Duties on Licences to fell Spirituous Liquors in Quantities not lefs than Two Gallons and not exceeding Fifty Gallons, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

like Duty on	III. And be it further enafted, That from and after the Twenty-

Spirtafrom2 to n'nt^ Day °f September One thoufand eight hundred and nine, there 50Gallons, as on (hall he paid unto His Majefty, His Heirs and SuccefTbrs, for and Retail Licences, upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which (hall be ingrofltd, written, or printed any Licence to any Perfon in Ireland to fell any Kind of Spirituous Liquors in any Place in Ireland in Quantities not lefs than Two Gallons, the like Stamp Duty as is payable under any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland on a Licence to fell Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in any fuch Place refpeftively.

u Duties placed under the Management of Commiffioners of Cuftoms* “ Excife, and Stamps refpeftively. § 4.

Regulations may V. And be it further enafted, That it (ball and may be lawful for be made by the Commiffioners of inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three C.ommiflionersof of them, to frame and make fuch Rules and Regulations, and to give Excife and fuch Orders and Direftions to the feveral Officers of Excife and afoerminin*' the Cuftoras in /1 eland, and to the feveral Diftillers and Perfon6 making Stren«nl> ol or diftilling of Spirits in Ireland for the afeertaming the Strength aC Spirits, &c. which any Spirits (hall be diftiiled in Ireland, and the Amount of the Duty payable thereon in proportion to fuch Strength; and in like Manner it (halite lawful for the Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, or any Three of them, to frame and make fuch Rules and Regulations, and to give fuch Orders and Direftions to the feveral Officers of Cuftoms in Ireland, and to all Perfons concerned in the Importation into Ireland of Spirits made and diftiiled in Great Britain, for the afeertaining the Strength of fuch Spirits, and the Amount of the Duty payable thereon, in proportion to fuch Strength as the faid Commtf-fioners refpeftively (hall from Time to Time think fitting and expedient f -r fuch Purpofes; and all fuch Rules, Regulations, Orders, and Direftions, (hail be obeyed and complied with by all Officers of the Excife andCuttoms, and by all Diftulers and other Perfons concerned in the diftilling or importing of any fuch Spirits refpeftively.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and ten, feveral Afts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares,, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland. *	[ioth	June	1809.]

6	M	Recital

*si

Duties under

 LjOoq Le

A.D.1S09.	49° GEO- III.	G.74,75.	Xg9

“ Recital of Stats. 45 G. 3, c> 185 46 G. 3.A 62 ; 47 G. 3.^. k c.31; u 47 G.3.j#. a. r. 165 47 G. 3 .JI. 2. c. 18 ; (lad continued and amended “ by 48 G. 3. c. 80.) Duties and Drawbacks under recited Afta " continued till 3th July 1810, except tie Drawbacks and Bounries u on Sugar, &c. provided by 47 G. 3. ft, 1. c. 195 (continued by V 49 G. 3.	30.) Regulations in all the recited A&3 alfo continued

“ to faid 3th July 1810. § 1. Duties {hall be carried to the Irijb	#

“ Confoiidated Fund. § 2. Afts may be altered this Seffion. § 3.

CAP. LXXV.

An A(X to provide for the better Colle&ion of the Duties and Taxes on Carriages, Servants, Horfes, and Dogs, in Ireland.

[10th June 1809.]

*	TXT HE REAS it is expedient to make further Regulations for

*	VV the Cohesion of the Rates and Duties in refpeft of Car-

*	riages, Servants, Horfes, and Dogs, in IrelandBe it therefore enafttd by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice -and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflcmbled, and by the Authority of the fame,

That fo much and fuch Parts of an Aft, made in the Forty-eighth Year 43 q. 3. c. 42. of his prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An Ad to grant to His § 5. as to general MajeJly certain Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in refped of Carriages, Notices by Dogs, Fire hearths* Horjes, Male Servants, and Windows, in former Duties and Taxes m refped of the like Articles, as enafts, That the Collector of the Taxes on Fire-hearths, or fome Officer appointed by the Commiffioners of Inland Excifc and Taxes, fhali yearly within Sixty-one Days after the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and nine, and in each and every fubfequent Year, caufe to be affixed on the Doon of the Church, Chapel, Market-Houfe, or publick School Houfe of every Parifti or Place, as in the faid Aft mentioned, a general Notice to the Perfons reliding in fuch Parifti or Place, to make out and deliver the Lifts and Accounts of Carriages,

Servants, Horfes, and Dogs, as in the faid Aft is mentioned, in Manlier as by the faid Aft is direfted, and as impofes any Penalty on any Perfon who (hall negkft or refufe to make out or deliver fuch Lift or Account in Manner in the faid Aft mentioned ; and alfo fo much and and § 7, as to fuch Part of the faid recited Aft as direfts that the Colltftors of the particular Taxes on Fire-hearths, or other Officer in the faid Aft mentioned, Notic^bythem. fhali yearly within Sixty-one Days after the Fifth Day of January re*** *

One thoufand eight hundred and nine, and in each and every fubfe-quent Year, leave particular Noticts with the Perfons in the faid Aft mentioned, to prepare and produce and deliver Lifts and Accounts in the faid Aft mentioned, fhali be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further cnafted, That the Supervifors of the Taxes Colle<ftors, &c. on Firc-hearihs, or the Coileftors thereof in their refpeftive Walks or fhali yearly poft Divifions, or any other Officer appointed for that Purpofe by the gene»l N<>tices Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, fhali, within Sixty-one x)oorsU&c for Days after the pafling 0f this Aft, and yearly within Sixty-one Days Returns under after the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and ten, 47 G. a. ft. 1. and in each and every Jiibfequent Year, and at fuch other Davs and c- 21-from Times as the faid Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes fhali from Time to Time order, direft, and appoint, caufe to be affixed on the * e utiles,

Door*



!<S»	C.7$.	49°	GEO. III.	A.D.I809.

Doors of the Church or Chapel, or Market-Houfe, or publick School Houfe, if any fuch there (hall be, of every Parifti or Place within the refpeftive Walks or Divifions of fuch Supervifor, ColLftor, or Officer, or in fuch of the faid Parifties and Places as (hall he preferibed and direfted by the faid Commiffioners (and if any Parifti or Place (hall not have a Church or Chapel, Market-Houfe, or publick School Houfe therein, then on the Doors of the Church or Chapel, or Market-Houfe or School Houfe of the neareft or adjoining Parifti), a general Notice in Writing figned by fuch Supervifor, Colleftor, or other Officer, in fuch Form as (hall be direfted by the faid Com million era, addreffed to all Pcrfons refiding in fuch Parifti or Place, who by an Aft made in the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled. An Ad to provide for regulating and fecuring the Colie Sion of certain Rates and Taxes in Ireland, in refpeS of Dwelling Houfes, Fire* hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horfes, Dogs, and Carriages, arc required to make out, and deliver Lilts or Accounts of Carriages, Servants, Horfes, and Dogs, requiring that fuch Perfons (hall make out the Lifts and Accounts required by the faid recited Aft, and (hall deliver the fame direfted to or for the faid Supervifor or Co ileft :>r of Taxes on Fire-hearths, or to or for the faid Officer appointed as afere-faid, at iome Houfe or Place within the faid Parifti or Place to be fpecified in fuch Notice, within Twenty-one Days after the Date of fuch Notice ; and fuch general Notice (hall from Time to Time, when the fame (hall be affixed, be deemed a Requifnion or Demand upon every Perfon within fuch Parifti or Place, to deliver fuch Lifts or Ac* counts within the faid Space of Twenty-one Days accordingly ; and if any Perfon within fuch Parifti or Place (hall negleft or refufe to make out and deliver fuch Lift or Account at the Houfe or Place mentioned in fuch Notice, direfted in Manner aforefaid, within the faid Space of Twenty-one Days, or (hall make or deliver any undue or falfe Lift or Account, every fuch Perfon (hall for every fuch Offence be fubjeft and liable to the like Penalties and Forfeitures and Payments as Perfons neglefting to deliver Lifts or Accounts of Carriages, Servants, Horfes, or Dogs, or delivering undue or falfe Lifts or Accounts of fuch Matters, are by the faid recited Aft of the Forty-feventh Year aforefaid fubjeft and liable ; and all Perfons (hall be liable to fuch Penalties, Forfeitures, and Payments, for not complying with fuch general Notices, whether any particular Notice requiring any fuch Lift fhail have been delivered or left to or for fuch Perfon or not; and if any fuch general Notice fo affixed (hall be removed or defaced at any Time during the faid Space of Twenty-one Days, the refpeftive Supervifor or Colleftor, or any Officer concerned in the Collcftion of Hearth Money, (hall, from Time to Time, caufe a fimilar Notice to be fo affixed, and fo from Time to Time as often as Occalion (hall require during the faid Space of Twenty-one Days ; and any Perfon who (hall wilfully tear, deface, or obliterate any fuch Notice fo affixed, (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor ltfs than Five Pounds.

Particular	III. Provided always, and be it enafted, That whether fuch general

Notices (hall alfo Notice (hall be peffted or not as aforefaid, the Colieftor of the Taxes 0^!"* ^ on Fire-hearth?, or any Officer appointed by or afting under the Corn-requiring	miffioners of Inland Excife ani Taxes in Ireland, to colhft or fuper-

Retum-sfrom	intend the Coiltftion of all or any of the Duties and Taxes under the

Peifous liable to Management of the faid Commiffioners, (hall and may, from Time to Duties.	Time,



A.D.1809.	4p°	GEO.	III.	0.7$.

Time, give or ferve, or caufe to be given or ferved, a particular Notice or Notices with any Perfon or Perfons in their relpt ftive Walks, Divisions, or Di'*r»£b, liable or fuppofed to be liable to the Duties on Carriages, Male Servants, Does, Horfcs, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, or any of them, requiring ail inch Perfons refpe6lively to deliver to fuch ColUft >r or	within	Ten	Day*	n<xt	after	fuch	Notice	given	or

ferved. the fevcral LilU and Accounts required to be delivered by the Lid recited Act of the Forty-feventh Year aforefaid, in Manner required by the (aid recited Aft 5 and that it fhall and may be lawful for fuch Supervifor or Collector of the Taxes on Fire-hearths, or other Officer as afortfaid, to caufe fuch Notice to be ferv.-d at the Houfe or Place of Abode of any fuch Perfon, by delivering the fame to the Owner or Occupier of fuch Houfe, or to the Wife, or to fome Cnild or Servant of any fuch Perfon above the Age of Sixteen Years ; and every Notice fo fci ved fh*!l be deemed to be duly given and ferved within the Intent and Meaning of this Aft. and of every Aft in force in Ireland refpefting the Duties on Fire-hearths, Windows, Carriages, Servants, Horfes, or Dogs; and in cafe any Perfon to or on whom, or at wiiofe Houfe or Place of Abode any fuch Notice fhall be fo given or ferved as afortfaid, fhall neghft or refufe to deliver any fnch Lilt or Account as fhall by the faid Notice be required, or fhall make or deliver any undue or falfe Lift or Account, everv fuch Perfon fhall for every fuch Offence be fubj.ft and liable to-the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Payments, as Perfons negh fting to deliver fuch Lifts or Accounts, or delivering undue or falfe Lifts or Accounts, are fubjeft and liable to by or under the f ii recited Aft of the Forty-feventh Year aforefaid ; and all fuch Perfons (lull be liable to the faid Penalties, Forfeitures, and Payments, for not complying with fuch particular Notices, whether any fuch general Notice as by this Aft is required fhall have been polled in Manner aforefaid or not.

IV,	And be it further enafted. That the Notices by this Aft required to be given by any Officer in refpeft of the Rates, Taxes, and Duties mentioned in this Aft, requiring fuch Lift or Account as therciu mentioned, and the frveral Lifts or Accounts to be delivered purfuant to fuch Notices by every Perfon fubjeft to the faid Rates, Taxes, and Duties, or any of them, fhall and may be in fuch Form and Forms, adapted to the particular Lifts or Accounts required, as the Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland may from Time to Time order, direft, and appoint.

V.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That in cafe any Perfon having or owning any Houfe fubjeft to any Tax in refpeft ot Fire** hearths or Windows, or keeping, ufing, retaining or employing any Carnage or any Male Servant or other Male Perfon, or any Dog,, or any Horfe, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, upon or in refpeft of which any Rate, Tax or Duty is or nftay be payable as aforefaid, fhall be abfent from the Place of his Abode at the Time of the Service of fuch Notice requiring fuch Lift or Account with refptft to fuch Taxc^ as aforefaid, thru a Lift or Account of any and every Carriage, or Male Servant or Male Perfon, or Dog or Horfe, Mare, Gelding or Mule, kept, ufed, retained, or employed by fuch Perfon, made • out and fubferibed by the Agent, Steward or Servant of fuch Perfon fo abfent and delivered as aforefaid, fhall be to ail Intents and Perpofcg of the fame Effeft as if fuch Lift or Account were made out and fubferibed and delivered by the Perfon owning and occupying fuch Houfe,

49 Geo. Ill#	M	or

t6t

Notices, See. may be in Form preferibed by

ComiaiifiouMs.

In abfence of Parties, Lifts may be delivered by their Servants.

 L^OOQle

162

CoadiVnakcis fttall keep Aef-ouni? of Second-hand ('arrid^cs fold hy ikeju.

Penalty for N#glt& 5 Oh

Books of Coach-makers, &c. fl.alV be kept in . Form directed l>y Ceuiuullioners.

Penalty 5 61,

C.75.	490 GEO. III.	A.D. 1809.

or keeping, ufing or emptying any fuch Carriage, M-le Srrvant or Male Perlon, Dog, Hotfe, M:*rr, Ge'ding. or Mule r* foedively, aa the Cale may he ; and in cafe Inch Li(l or Account (hall be an undue JLid or Account, the fame (hall fubjedt fuch Ovvn-r or Orcup*er. or Perfon nfmg or employing fu^h Carria/e, Male Servant or Male Pcrfm, Dog, H 'rfe, Mare, Gelding, or Mule rcfpedlivdy, to the like Payments, Penalties and Forfeitures, as if the fame had been made and fubferibed by himfelf or lie rfe, I refp dlively.

VI. And be it further enabled, That every Coachmak-r or Maker of Carriages in Ireland, who from aud after the palling o( this A 61 (hall part with, fell, or difp de of any Carriage at fecond hand on his or her own Account, whether the fame Ihall have been rrpaired or alter* d by fuch Coachmaker or not, (hall enter in a Book to be kept foleey fer that Purpofe an Account of the Number and Kind of each fuch Carriage fo parted with or fold or d»fp >fed of, diftirguifhirg the Number of Wheel* of each, and if with hfs than Four Wheels, whether con-ttrudfed to be drawn by Twfo Horfts abreaft or other wife ; and the Names and DefcriptHis and Places of Abode of the feveral Perfcns to whom every fuch Carriage wa« fold, parted with or difpofed of re-fpi&ivelv, and the particular Day when each fuch Carriage was delivered or ftnt out of the Shop or Concerns of fuch Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages refpt&ively ; and all fuch Books (hall be open to the Infpedtion cf the like Officers, and Copies of tne Entries therein (hall be delivered and verified upon Oath or Affirmation in like Manner as by the faid recited Adi made in the Forty feverth Yrar aforefaid, intituled. An Ad to provide for regulating and fecuring the Co (led ion of certain Rates and Taxes in I relard, in refped of Dwelling houfes, Fire-hearths, Windows, Male Servants, HorJ'es, Dogs, and Carriages, is required with refptdl to the Books in and by the faid recited A dt required to be kept by any fuch Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages; and if any fuch Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages (hall negh&to keep fuch Book, or to deliver fuch Copies of the Entries thcrei■» verified as aforefaid, or (hall wilfully omit any Dcfcription w»hich ought to be contained therein, or (hall refufe to admit anv fuch Col’«dT>r or other Officer into the Houfe, Manuf dlory, Workfhop, or other Buildings of fuch Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, at a reafonable Hour in the Day* time for the Purpofes aforefaid, fuch Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

VII. And be it further emdied. That the Books required to be kept by every Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages for the Purpofe of entering the Number and Kind of Carriages which (hall be built or conflrudled for Sale by fuch Coachmaker, purfuant to the Diredlions of the faid recited Adi of the Forty-feventh Year aforefaid, and alfo the Books by this prefent Adi required to be kept by every Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages tor entering the Particulars of Carriages fold at fecond-hand, and alfo the Books required by the faid laft-rccited Adt of the Forty-feventh Year to be kept by every Perfon felling Carriages by Audlion or on Commiffion, (hall be kept in fuch Form or Forms of Columns and Headings refpe&ively or otherwife as {hall from Time to Time be fumiffied or ordered, appointed or directed by the jCommiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes; and if any Coachmaker -or Maker of Carriages, or Perfon felling by Audlion or on Commiffiou, ihall uegUdt or refufe to keep fuch Books or any of them in fuch

3	Fom$

 v^oocle

163

A.T). 1809.	490 GEO. III.	C.75.

Forms as fl\all be fo furnifhed, ordered, appointed or dirrdled, fuch C oachmaktr or Maker of Carriages or other Ptrfon (Hall for every fuch Offence' forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

VIII.	And be it further enadled, That whenever any Carriage (hall be fold i'r diipofrd of by any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, fuch Coachm-tker or Mak* r of Carriages (hall, before fuch Carriage fhalibe fent out of cr from h*s or her Shop, Warehoufe or Concerns, apply to the proper Officer of Excife in the Diftridl for a Permit to convey fuch Carriage to the Perfon to whom the fame fhall have been parted with, fold, or difpofed of by fuch Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, and fuch Officer fhall forthwith without Delay grant fuch Permit accordingly without Fee or Reward, dating the Nature or Kind and Dcfiription of the Carriage, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Coacbmaktr or Maker of Carriages, and of the Perfon to whom the fame is to be conveyed ; and if any Carriage fo fold or difpofed of fhall be removed out of or from the Shop, Warehoufe or Concern of any fuch Coachnr.sker or Maker of Carriages without fuch Permit dulv obtained as aiorefaii, fuch Coachmaker fhall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

IX.	And be it further cnadled, That whenever any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages fhril part with, fell, or difpofe of any Carriage whatever, whether the fam^ fhall be new or fecond-hand, every fuch Coachmaker or Maker of Carnages fhall, within Twenty four Hours after fuch Carriage {hail be fent but of his or her Shop, Warehoufe, or Concerns, deliver at the Office of the Coliedor, or to feme Officer of Excife of the Diflrift in which fuch Shop or Warehoufe fhall be fituate, a full and true Copy of the Entry made by him according to the Directions of the faid recited Adi of the Forty-feventh Year or this Adi, with refpedl to the Sale and Difpofal of fuch Carriage, together with the Date of the Permit fent out with the fame ; and if any fuch Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages fhall negledl or refufe to deliver the Copy of fuch Entry at the Office of fuch Coiledlor, or to fuch Officer w’thin the Timt aforefaid, fuch Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages fhall for every fuch Negledl or Refufal forfeit the Sum of Twtnty Pounds.

X And be it further enadled, That from and after the paffingof this Adi no Aud'iioneer or Ptrfon feliing by Commiffion, (hall fell by Audtion any Carnage fubjedt or liable to any internal Tax or Duty in Ireland, unltfs fuch Audfior.eer or Ptrfon felling by Commiffion fhall have given Forty-eight Hour3 previous Notice of fuch intended Sale at the Excife Office of the Dliridl in which fuch Carriage fhall be intended to be fold ; and that every Perfon who fhall fell any fuch Carriage by AudHon or on Commiffion, fhall, within Twenty four .Hours after fuch Sale, deliver or caufe to be delivered at the Excife Office of the Diftridl, or to fome Officer of Excife in the Diltridt in which fuch Sale fhall take place, a Notice figned by fuch Audlioneer or Seller as aforefaid, containing the Name, Addition, and Place of Abode of the Perfon to whom fuch Carriage fhall be fold, and the Day of the Month and the Year when the fame wa3 fo fold ; and every fuch Audlioneer or Seller as aforefaid, who fhall negledl to deliver or caufe to be delivered fuch Notice, fhall for every Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XI. And be it further enadled, That whenever any Perfon who fhall be chargeable with any Duty in refpedt of any Carriage kept by

M2	fuch



Google

Carriages fold by C oach makers fhall not be removed without Permit^

Penalty 20b

On Sale of Carriage, whether new or fecond-band. Coach-maker fhall fend Copy of Entry of Sale to the Excife Office.

Penalty aoh

Sellers of Carriages by Auction, 8cc. fhall give Forty-eigha Hours Notice of Sale, and aft* r Sale give Notice of Purchafef.

Penalty lo|»

Private Perfons felling Carnage* fhall tend Mount

164

thorrof to the

Kxcife Office, or ih;ill continue chargeable.

JVrfnns having 1 arria<;es, oi the •Sale u hereof Notice ll-all not ha\<‘ been nivni, fha.ll I’t.y double Dtity.

Carriages imjxifttd into Ireland (hall not be removed without Permit from Officer of hxcife.

i’euaky 20l.

C-75-	490	GEO.	HI.	A.D.1809.

fuch Perfon, (hall part with, fell, or difpofe of any fnch Carriage to any other Perfon, the Perfon fo felting, parting with, or difpofing of fuch Carriage, (hall, within Twenty-four Hou«-s after the fame fh *11 be fo fold, parted with, or difpofed of, deliver or caufe to be delivered at the Excife Office of the DiftriA, or to f me Officer of Excife in the Diftri& in wh*ch fuch Perfon flnll rt fPe, a Notice figned with the Name of fuch Perfon, deicribing the Nature or Kind of fuch Carnage, and the Name?, Additions, and Place of Abode of the Perfon to whom fuch Can-tag.- {hall be fo parted with, fold, or difpofed of, and the Day of the Month and Year when the fame was parted with, fold or difpofed of; and if any Perfon who fha’l part with, fell, or difpofe of any fuch Carriage, (hall neglect to deliver or caufe to be delivered fuch Notice as aforefaid, tvtry fuch Perfon {hall conticue chargeable with the Duties in refptft of fnch Carriage as if the fame had remained in his Cuftody or Pofflflion until fuch Notice {hall be delivered in Manner aforefaid.

XII.	And be it further ena&cd, That from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the pafling of th’S A€t, if any Perfon in Ireland (had receive or have in his or her Cultody or Poffeflion any Carriage which fhall have been fold or difpofed of to fuch Perfon at any Time after the Expiration of fuch Calendar Month, and of the Sale and Difpofal whereof due Notice {hail not have been given according to the Dirr&ions of thif- Act, every fuch Perfon fhill be liable to and Ihdl be charged with and pay Double the Duty which fuch Perfon ought otherwife by Law to be charged with in rtfpedt of fuch Carriage for the Year, in any P rt of which fuch Carriage {hall have fo been in the Cuftody or Poffcfiion of fuch Perlon, without fuch Notice having been given as aforefaid.

XIII.	And be it further ena&cd, That whenever any Coach or other Carriage which by Law is liabie to any Duty under the M-magement of the Commiffioners of inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, fhall be imported into Ireland, the Entry which fhall be made of fuch Carriage at the Port of Importation, {hdl contain the Description of fuch Carriage, diftinguifting the Number of Wheels, and if with lefs than Four Wheels whether conttru&ed to be drawn by Two Horfe# abreail or otherwife, fp as to afeertain the Inland Dutits payable in rcfpefl of fuch Carriage by the Owner thereof, and alfo the Name, Addition, and Place of Abode of the Perfon on whofe Account fuch Carriage was imported, and a Copy of fuch Entry fhall forthwith without Delay be fent and delivered by the Officer of the Cuflpms making fuch Entry, to the proper Officer of Excife in fnch P.^rt of Entry; and fuch Officer of Excile {hdl forthwith and without Driay and upon Demand grant a Permit lor conveying the fame from the Cuftomhoufe or Place of Entry to the Refidence of the Owner thereof, or to fuch Place as fuch Owner or foroe Perfon in his Behalf Hull re-* quire and direft ; and if any fuch Carriage fo imported fhall be found without fuch Permit, after the fame fhall have been removed from the Cuftomhoufe or Place of Entry, and before it fhall have been placed in the Cuftody of the Owner thereof, or according to his Order or Direction fuch Carriage may be feized by any Officer of Excife, and fhall be forfeited unlefs the Sum of Twenty Pounds ffiall be paid for the fame.to the Colie&or of Excife for the DiftriA in which the fame fhill be fo feized as aforefaid, for the Ufe of His Majefty, His Heirs, and Succefiors.

XlV.



Google

A.D.1809.	49° GEO- III.	0,75,76.

XIV.	And be it farther enaded, That no Boy apprenticed to ferve for any Term not exceeding Seven Years by the Foundling Hofpitai, the Incorporated Society, the Hibernian School for Soldiers’ Children, the Hibernian Marine Society, or any Society or Charitable Inilitution in Ireland for the Care and Education of Children fupported in the Whole or in part by Pubhck Money or Aflcflment, (hill, during the Term of his Apprenticcih'p, be deemed a Male Servant within the Meaning of the laid Ad of the Forty-eighth Year of His prefent •Majelty’s Reign, for granting to His Majeliy Duties and Taxes in Ireland in refped of Carriages, Dogs, Fire-hearths, Horfes, Male Servants, and Windows, fo as to induce any Tax or Charge under the {aid Ad for or in refped of fuch Boy ferving any Pcrfon ; nor fha.il any Perfon whom fuch Boy Hull ferve be liable to any Tax or Charge during fuch Aoprenticefh p, for or in refped of fuch Perfons retaining or employing fuch Boy as a Male Servant; any Tning in the faid recited Ad or any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithtlandmg.

Powers of former Adf*, 47	3-	ft-	r. c. 21. and 48 G. 3, c. 42.

M qstended to this Ad. § 15.

CAP. LXXVI.

An A£l for yelling in the Lord Lieutenant of Inland, by Advice

of the Privy Council, the Power of prohibiting the Exportation

and carrying Coallwife of Gunpowder, Salt-petre,' Arms,

Ammunition, ancj Naval Stores.	[10th June 1809.]

*	^TTHEREAS it is expedient that the Powers veiled in His 1 W Majeltv, by an Ad palled in the Twelfth Year of the Reign € of King Charles the Second, intituled, A Subjtdy granted to the 4 King, of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable

*	upon Merchandise exported and imported; by another Act pdf. d in «. the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of H*s Majefty King George ‘ the Second, intituled. An Ad to empower His Majejly to prohibit the 4 Exportation of Salt pelre% and tb enforce the Caw for empowering His ‘ Majejly to prohibit the Exportation of Gunpowder, or any Sort of Arms 4 and Ammunition, and alfo to empower His Majejly to rejlrain the carrying 4 CoaJlwifC) of Salt petre% Gunpowder, or any Sort of Arms or Am -‘ munition ; and by another Ad palfzd in the Thirty-third Year of His ‘ prefent Majdty’s Reign, intituled, An Ad to enable His Majejly to 4 rejlrain the Exportation of Naval Stores, and more ejfedually to prevent 4 the Exportation of Salt-petrc, Arms, and Ammunition, when prohibited 4 by Proclamation or Order in Council, tor prohibiting the Exportation ‘ from Great Britain, and the carrying Coaftwife, of Gunpowder,

4 Salt-petre, Arms or Ammunition, and Naval Scores, fhould be veiled

*	in like Manner, as far as regards Ireland, in the Lord Lieutenant ‘ or other Chief Governor or Governors there for the Time being,

‘ with the Advice of His Majelty’s Pi ivy Council of IrelandBe it therefore enaded by the King's molt Excellent Majelly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it Hvill and may be lawful, during the Continuance of the faid Ads, for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by and with the Advice

M 3	of

165

Bovs apprentic ed by Charities IhaU not be rated aa , Servants.

Englifti Ad* v

12 Car. 2. c. 4. § 13.

s

Pritifh Ads,

29 G. 2. C. 16.

33 G. 3. C. 2,

Lord T.ieutmant and Council of Ireland may, by Proclamation or

 v^ooQle

166

Order, prohibit the Exportation or carrying Coaftwife of Gunpowder, Arms, Ammunition, &c.

^Regulations fn recited A6t» extendi d to Proclamations and Orders uuder A6t.

47 G.S. ft.l. C. 18.

47 G. 3. ft.l* €.38. §2.	'

j^.14#

G. 75,77.	490	GEO. III.	A.D.1809.

of His Majefty’s Privy Council of Ireland, by Proclamation or Order of Council, when he and they (hall fee caufe, and for fuch Time as (hall be therein exprtfTed, to prohibit the exporting out of Ireland or the carrying Coaftwife, and the attempting fuch Exportation or carrying Coaftwife of Gunpowder, Salt-petre. Arms or Ammunition, Pitr Iron, Bar Inn, Hemp, Pitch, Tar, Rofin, Turpentine, Anchors, Cables, Cordage, Malta, Yards, Bowfprits, Oars. Oakum, Oker, Sheet Cop. per, and o:her Naval Stort9, in the Manner authorized and provided in the faid Ads refpedively.	•

II. And be it further enaded, That the Ike Exceptions and Provides, Rules, Regulations, and Rcttridions, Penalties and Forfeitures, which are fpecificd and impofed in the fifid Ads refpcdiv'-ly, in the Cafe of any Proclamation or Order of Council for fuch Prohibition to export from Great Britain or carry Coaftwife. or for attempting fuch Exportation or carrying Coaftwife as deferibed in the faid A&s> (hall be, and (hall be deemed and taken to be in force, in the Cafe of any fuch Proclamation or Order of Council iffufd as aforefaid by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice of His M-<jcfty’s Privy Council in Ireland.

CAP. LXXVIT.

An Act to amend the fevcral Afts for fecuring the Duties on Paper made in Ireland.	[10th June 1809.]

•	TTTHEREAS by an Ad made in the Firty-frventh Year of

•	W His prefent Majrfty’s Reign, intituled, An Att to grant to 4 Bis Majejly certain Inland Duties of Excife and Taxes in Ireland,

4 and to allow certain Drawbacks in refpeti thereof, in lieu of former 4 Duties of Excife, Taxes, and Drawbacks, a certain Duty of Excife of 4 One Penny for every Pound Weight is impofed on Brown Paper 4 made of old Ropes or Cordage only, without any Mixture of other

•	Materials therewith ; and by another Ad, made in the fame Stffion 4 of Parliament, for amending feveral Ads for regulating and fecuring 4 the Colledion of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, it is among ft

•	other Things enaded, that Brown Paper made of old Ropes dr 4 Cordage only, and without any Mixture of other Materials there-4 with, (hall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be Paper of the 4 Second Clafb; and it is alfo, by the faid laft recited Ad, among 4 other Things enaded, that if in any Engine of which Notice (hall 4 be given by any Paper Maker as employed in the making of Paper, 4 chargeable with a Duty not exceeding One Penny for every Pound 4 Weight thereof, any Materials (hall be at any Time found other than

.4 old Ropes ard Cordage, then and in every fuch Cafe, fuch Paper

•	Maker (hall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds: And whereas 4 it fometimes happens that certain refufe Materials fit only for making 4 Brown Paper, and not fit for or capable of making Paper chargeable 4 under the faid Ads, with any Duty exceeding One Penny per Pound

•	Weight, is occalionally mixed with fuch old Ropes or Cordage, 4 for the making of fuch Brown Paper ;* Be it therefore enaded by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all Brown Paper made of old Ropes or Cordage only, without any

• • • .	Mixture



A.D. t8o9-	49°	GEO. III.	C.	77,78,79.	^	167

"Mixture of other Materials therewith, in Mannerin the faid Aft men- I’3!**1, tioced, or made of fuch old Ropes or Cordage mixed with fuch refufe ^r^alse> Materials only, as are not fit for makine any Paper chargeable with fit oniy for a Duty exceeding One Penny per Pound Weight, (hail be liable to the inferior Paper, faid Duty of One Ptnov per Pound Weight, and (hall be denominated {hall be liable to Paper of the Second Cat's under the faid rtcited Afts; and that fo the Duty of id. much of the faid laft recited Aft as dirtfts, that if in any Engine of shroud any Paper Maker of which Notice (hall be given as aforefaid, any Q»fsC &c. U Materials (hall be found other than old Ropes or Cordage, fuch Paper *

Maker (hall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enzfted, That tf in any Engine of any Paper Penalty, if in Maker, of which Notice (halj be given under the faid laft recited Engine em-Aft as employed in the making of P^-per chargeable with a Duty not ployed for low-exceeding One Penny for every Pound Weight thereof, any Materials

fit for making a higher priced Paper than fuch Paper as old Ropes or Materials fit for Cordage will make, or any Materials fit for making or which can making higher b»employed in making any Paper chargeable with a Duty excetding priced Paper, One Penny for every Pound Weight thereof, (hall be at any Time 100I. found, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Paper Maker (hall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied in like Manner as any other Penalty of like* Amount may be recovered and applied under or by virtue of \he faid ^ail recited Aft.

III. And be it declared and ensfted, That every Paper Maker in H w Paper Ireland (hall be charged and chargeable with, and (hall pay for and in Makers {hall pay refpeft of every Vat or Wet Prefs which-ever {hall be mod in Number, for Vais or Wet which (hall at any Time be kept or ufed by fuch Paper Maker, the	keiH feveral and refpeftive Sums which by the faid recited Aft of the r$™'47 q 3 porty-feventh Year aforefaid, for amending the Aft3 for regulating ^ 1. c.38. § 4.] ?nd fecuring the Colltftton gf the Duties on Paper made in Ireland,

are charged and m ide payable for or in refpeft of any Vat or Wet Prefs of luch Paper Maker, whether fuch Sum is charged and made payable for any Vat or Wei Prefs kept or ufed, or for any Vat or Wet Prefs k-pt and ufed by any fuch Paper Maker, at fuch Time and in fuch Proportions as in the laid lift recited Aft is mentioned, fpecifted, and contained.

“ Powers of recited Afts, 47	c. 18. and c 38. extended

to this Aft. § 4.

C A P, LXXVIII.

An Aft: for raifing the Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thoufand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Treafury Bills for the Service of Ireland.	[10th June	1809,]

" Contributors for every ioo/. (Irijh Cu rency,) (hall be entitled “ to 120/. in the Irijh per Cents, from 25 December 1808; and	•»

“ to 9/. is. 6d. in Treaiury Bills payable in Four Years from 25 March 1899, and bearing Intereft at 5 per Cent, per Annum. § I. Forging “ Receipt or Debentures Felony wiihout Clergy. § 19,

CAP. I.XXIX.

An Act for raifing the Sum of Five hundred thoufand Pounds by Treafury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thQufand eight hundred and nine.	[loth	June	1809.]

M 4	C	A	P.



j 68

A.D. 1809.

10 C. i. c. 10.

§ ai, &.«.

Dealers 5n Coffee may roaft their own Coffee on making Entry at the next Office of Excite.

Penalty for not making Entry 50l.

Dealers receiving unroafted Coffee in lefs Quantity than 56lbs. (hall not be permitted to roaft Coffee.

Penalty 50l.

C.80.	490 GEO. in.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for allowing Dealers to roaft their own Coffee on certain Conditions.	[10th	June 1809.J

*	TT^ HE REAS by in Aft made In the Tenth Year of the Reign

*	Vf of King George the Firft, among other Things for repealing ? certain Duties therein mentioned, payable upon Coffee imported, and ‘ for granting certain Inland Duties in lien thereof, the C .mir.ifliontrs

*	for the faid Inland Duties for the Time btirg, or the major Part of ? them, are authorifed abd empowered to provde Houfes for the

*	roafting of Coffee, and to appoint Officers for attending the fime, 4 and One or more Perfon or Perfon* well (killed in the roafting of

*	Coffee, to attend at each fuch Roafting Houfe for that Purpofe;

*	and it was by the faid Aft directed, that from and after the pro-

*	viding of fuch Roafting Houfes, and during the Continuance of

*	the lame for the Purpofes afortfaid, no Coffee Berries (hould be

*	roafted, burnt, or dried in Great Britain, in order to make the fame 4 fit for Sale, but in fome or One of thofe Houfes, under the Penalties

*	in the faid Aft mentioned, and certain other Provifions were by the

*	faid Aft made with refpeft to fuch Roafting Houfes: And whereas

*	it is expedient to allow ail Sellers of and Dealers in Coffee to roaft 4 their own Coffee, under, fubjeft, and according to the Rules and

*	Regulations herein after mentioned Be it therefore enafted by the King’s moll Excellent Majelly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefept Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the paffing of this Aft ail Sellers of and Dealers in Coffee (hall be at liberty to roaft his, her, or their own Coffee, under, fubjeft, and according to the Rules and Regulations hcrein-atter mentioned ; that is to fay, Every fuch Seller of and Dealer in Coffee, being defirous to roaft Coffee, (hall, before he, (he, or they, (hail prtfume to roaft any Coffee, make true and particular Entry in Writing at the next Office of Lxcife, of One or more Room or Rooms for that Purpofe, which Room and Rooms rtfpeftivcly (hall either be adjoining or as near as poffible to the Rooms or Places by him, her, or them entered and made ufe of, for keep ng Raw Coffee; and if any Seller of or Dealer in Coffee (hall prefume to ro^lt any Coffee m any Room or Place whereof he, (he, or they (hall not have made fuch Entry as aforefaid, the Perfon or Perfons fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of Fifty Pound?, togtther with all the Coffee which (haU at any Time be found in any fuch Room or Place whereof no fuch Entry (hall be made: Provided always never-thelefs, that no Seller of or Dealer in Coffee, who (hall at any Time receive into his, her, or their Cuftody or Poffdfion, any unroafted Coffee, lefs in Quantity than Fifty-fix rounds, fave and except Coffee returned to him, her, or them, by any Cuftomer for being difliked, (hall be at liberty to roaft, or put in Operation of roafting, or (hall prefume to roaft, or put in operation of roafting, any Coffee ; and if any Seller of or Dealer in Coffee (hall contrary to the Directions of this Aft, prefume to roaft, or put in operation of roafting, any Coffee, he, (he, or they (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and lofe the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with all fuch Coffee by him, her, or them fo roalted or put in operation of roafting.

II. Aud

0



Google

,A.D.i8o9*	49°	GEO,	HI.	C.$o.

II.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of Excife, or any or either of them, from Time to Time and at all Times by Day and by Night upon his or their Requeft (bnt if in the Night in the Prefence of a Conflablr, or other lawful Officer of the Peace), to enter into all and every Room and Rooms entered or made ufe of by any fuch Importer, Seller, or Dealer in Coffee, for the Purpofe of roaftiag or burning Coffee, and to in-fpeft, examine, weigh, or take Account of all the Coffee, either raw, roafting, or roafted, which (hall at any Time be in any fuch Room or Rooms, and to remain and continue in any fuch Room or Rooms during the Time that any Coffee (hall be in the Operation of roafting.

III.	And he it further enafted, That it (hall and ipay be lawful to and for the Officers of Excife, or any or either of then*, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to take at any Time and Times a Sample or Samples of any Coffee, cither raw, roafting, ,or roafted* which fuch Officer or Officers ffiall at any Time find in any fuch Room or Rooms pay mg for every fuch Sample the ufual Price thei^of; and in cafe any Seller or Sellers, or Dealer or Dealers in Coffee* or any Workman Qr Servant to him, her, or them belonging, fhali refufe to permit fuch Officer or Officers to take fuch Sample or Samples as aforefaid, upon his or their offering to pay for the fame after the Rate aforefaid, or (hall any wife obttruft or hinder him or them in taking fuch Sample or Samples, fuch Seller or Sellers, or Dealer or Dealers in Coffee fo offending, (hall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

** Commiffioners may permit the Dfe of the prefent roafting Houfes 44 tiil 08. jo, *809. $4.

V.	And be it further enafted, That if any PerCon whatsoever fhali affaijlt, oppofe, moled, obftruft, or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excife in due Execution of this Aft, or of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby granted other than in any Cafe for which a Penalty is hcrein-btfore fpecifically impofed, all and every fuch Perfon or Per-fpns fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence feverally forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pound?.

VI.	‘ And whereas the Officers who before and at the Time of * paffing thin Aft were employed in the roafting of Coffee may, by 4 reafon of the Liberty given by this Aft, be without fuch Employ-4 ment, and may thereby lofe their Salaries, and it is therefore ex-4 pedient that fome Coinpenfation fhould be made to fuch Officers 4 for the Lofs of fuch their Salaries j* Be it therefore enafted, That it fhali and may be lawful to and for His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, by Warrant under his or their Sign Manual, to direft during Pleafure the Commiffioners of Excife to pay to fuch Officers out nt the Revenue of Excife fuch Yearly Allowances as His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffjrs, (hall judge fit, fo as no Allowance to any fuch Officer (hall exceed Three-fourths of the Yearly Amount of the Salary of which he or they is, are, or fhali be deprived in confequence of fuch Liberty as aforefaid being given by this Aft.

VII.	And bt it further enafted, That ail Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures impofed by this Aft fhali and may be iued for, levied, recovered, and mitigated by fuch Ways, Means, and Methods as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Aftioo of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information

I6j>

Officers of Excise may efiter the Premifes of Pcalers,

and may taka Samples of Coffee*

Penalty for refilling Samples* 10Ql.

Penalty on obftnnSting Officers, 100I.

Compenfation to Officers for Lola of Salary for roafting Coffee.

Penalties fhali be levied and recovered as under former Laws of Excife.



170

C.8o,3i.

49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

tion in any of His Majeftv’s Courts oflRecord at IVcJlminJler. or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and that one Moiety of every fuch Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture (hall be to His Majefty, His Heirs^and Succeff rs, and the other Moiety to him or them who fhall ditcover, inform, or Cue for the fame.

47 G. 3. ft. St.

c. 30. § 13. .repealing 34 G.3.C. 20.

19.

lnftead of Penalty of 5001. under 34 G. 3. <*. 20. Perfons counterfeiting Marks on Paper, or having Paper in their Poffeffion with fuch counterfeited Marks, &c. lhall be guilty of Felony, and tranfported for feven years.

CAP. LXXXI.

An A£l to amend feveral Law’s of Excife relating to Paper, Silks, and Salt, and for authorizing the Seizure of Utenfils in Cafes where Veflcls ufed in Excife Manutodlories are fubjedl to Forfeiture,	[10th June 1809.3

4 TTjTHEREAS by a Claufe in an Adi, made in the Forty-4 VV ftventh Year of the Rtign of His prelent Mdjtfty, among 4 other Things to amend feveral Laws of Excife in Great Britain, 4 fo much of an Adi, made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Rtign 4 of His prefent Majefty, as i3 recited in the faid Ciaufe is repealed, 4 fave and except as is therein excepted, and it is by the faid Ciapfe 4 enabled, that if any Perfon or Perfons whatever fhall counterfeit or

*	forge,' or caufe to be counterfeited or forged, any Scamp, Device, 4 or Label provided or diredLd to br uftd in purfuance of ?he faid 4 Adi made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His faid 4 M'jefty, every Perfon fo offending, and being thereof duly con-

*	vidted, (hail be adjudged a Felon, and fhall for fuch his, her, or 4 thtir Offeree, be tranfported as a Felon or Felons for the Space 4 of Seven Years : And whereas by the faid Adi of the Thiity-fourth 4 Year of the Reign of His laid Majefty, it was alfo enadled, That 4 if ary Perfon or Perfons fhuuld counterfeit, forge, or refcmble 4 the Mark or IrrprcfTion of any fuch Stamp or Device in Manner 4 therein mentioned, or fhould have in his, her, or their Cuftody 4 or PofTcflion, or fhould utter, vend, or lell any Paper with fuch 4 a counterfeit or forged Mark or Imprdhon as is therein mentioned, 4 knowing the lame to be counterfeited or forged, cr fhould upon any 4 Ream, Bundle, or Quantity of Paper as is therein mentioned, know, 4 ingiy put or place any Cover, or Wrapper having thereon fuch 4 counterfeit or forged Mark or Impreifion as is therein mentioned* ‘ or any fuch counterfeit Label, every fuch Perfon fo offending 4 therein fhould, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five 4 hundred Pounds: And whereas in lieu of the faid pecuniary 4 Penalty of Five hundred Pounds by the faid Adi impofed. it is 4 expedient to extend the Provifions of the faid Adi of the Forty-4 feventh Year of the Reign of His faid Mrjcfty to Pet funs guilty ef 4 any of the faid Offences laftly hereinbefore recited Be it therefore

. enadled, by the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confcnt of the Lords Spiri’ual and Temporal, ?nd Commons, in this prefent Parliament a fie m bled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this Adi, if any Perfon or Perfons whatever lhall upon any Cover or Wrapper of or belonging to or uftd with or upon any Label affixtd to any Ream or Quantity of Paper, or upon any Pafteboard, Millboard, Scaltboard, or glazed Paper, counterfeit, forge, or refemble the Mark or Imprefiion, or any Stamp or Device provided or diredied to be ufed in purfuance of the faid Adi. of the Thirty-fourth Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign,

or

 kjOOQle

A.D. i809*	49°	GEG-	IB.	C.8i*	*71

or (hall have in his, her, or tluir Cuftody. or Poffeffiort, any fuch counterfeit Stamp or Device, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, or (hall have in his, her, or their Cultody or Poffcffion, or (hall utter, vend, or fell any Paper with a counterfeit or forged Mark or Impref-fion of any fach Stamp or Device on the Cover or Wrapper of fuch Paper, or on any Label affixed thereto, or any Pafteboard, Millboard,

Scaleboatrd, or glazed Paper, with a counterfeit or forged Mark or lmpreffion of any fuch Stamp or Device hpon fuch Pafteboard, Mill-board, Scaleboard, or glazed Paper, or upon any Label affixed thereto, knowing the fame to be fo counterfeited or forged, or (hall upon any Ream or Quantity of Paper which has not been duly entered with the proper Officer or Officers, and charged with the Duty -of Excife impofed for or in refpeft of fuch Paper, knowingly put or place any Cover or Wrapper having thereon fuch counterfeit or forged Mark or lmpreffion, or any fuch counterfeit Label, every Perfon, fo in either of the faid Cafes offending, and being thereof duly ccnvi&ed,

(hall, in lieu and ir.ftead of the (aid Penalty of Fjve hundred Pounds, be adjudged a Felon, and ffiall for fuch his, her, or their Offence be tranfported as a Felon or Felons for the Space of Seven Years.

II.	‘And whereas, by an Aft, made in the Forty third Year of ‘ the Reign of His prefent M?jdly, intituled, An AS to repeal the 43G.3.C. 69,

4 Duties of Excife payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties

*	in lieu thereof \ the Duties on Licences impofed by an Aft made 4 in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty,

« intituled. An AS for laying certain Duties upon Licences to be taken 24 G, 3. c. 41,

‘ out by the Makers of and Dealers in excifeable Commodities therein 4 mentioned, were repealed, and other Duties 011 Licences are by the ‘ Lid firft mentioned Aft impofed in lieu of the faid Duties on Li-

*	cences fo repealed, and among the Duties fo repealed was a Doty

*	of Ten Pounds on every Licence to be taken out by every Calico

*	Printer, and by every Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Silks, Linens,

4 Cottons or Stuffs: And whereas by the faid Aft of the Forty-third 4 Year of the Reign aforefaid a Duty of Ten Pounds is impofed on

* every Licence to be taken out by every Calico Printer, and by

* every Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Linens, Cottons or Stuffs* v * but by Miilake no Licence Duty is by the faid Aft of the Forty-

*	third Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign impoLd on any Printer,

*	Painter or Stainer of Silks, and it is therefore expedient to reftify

4 the faid Mitlake Beit therefore enafted, That from and after the Printers, &c.ot

paffing of this Aft, every Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Silks, ffiall Silks, lhall take

take out fuch Licence, and pay for the fame fuch Sum of Money as

he, ffie, or they would have been fubjeft and liable to if the faid Aft 24q ^ c. 41.

of the Forty-third Year of the Reign aforefaid had not been made*

and ffiall alfo be fubjeft and liable to the like Penalties for every

Ncgleft to take out or renew any fuch Licence as fuch Perfon or

Perions would have been fubjeft or liable to if the faid laft mentioned

Aft had not been made.

III. 4 And whereas by the faid Aft, made in the Forty-third Year 43 fc. 3# c§ 6g 4 of the Reign of His prefent Majelty, a Duty is impofed on Salted [Schedule A*

4 Beef, Pork or Bacon, brought by Land from Scotland to England, Salt.']

4 to be paid by the Perfon bringing the fame upon Entry thereof at 4 the neareft Office of Excife in England, on Pain of the Forfeiture 4 of fuch Beef* Pork* or Bacon, or the Value thereof; Aud whereas

4 it



172

Salted Beef, &c. brought by Land from Scotland to England, if not entered at the neareft Excife Office, fliall be forfeited.

38 G. 3. C. 89. §67.

§ 105.

Penalty for Deficiencies of Salt in thePofleflion of the Proprietors of Export Ware-houfes and of Filh-curers, inftead of l*2s. per Bufhel under recited A&, rhall be 17s. per Bufhel,

C.8i.	49°	GEO. III.	A.D.1809.

4 it is expedient to make fuch Provifion as is herein-after mentioned

*	for the Forfeiture of fuch Salted Beef, Pork, or Bacon ;* Be it therefore enafted, That the P-rfon or Perfons bringing- any Salted Beef, Pork, or Bacon, by Land, from Scotland to England, (hall immediately on the Arrival thereof ir^ England make Entry thereof at the neareft Office of Excife in England, and in Default of making fuch Entry, all fuch Salted Beef, Pork, or Bacon, or the Value thereof, (hall be forfeited.

IV.	‘ And whereas by an Aft made in the Thirty-eighth Year

*	of His prefent Majefty^ Reign, intitnhd yin Ail for transferring the 1 Management of the Salt Duties to the Contmifioners of Excife, and for 4 repealing the Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks, Allowances, and 4 Bounties paid thereout, and for granting other Duties. Drawbacks, 4 Allowances, and Bounties thereon, the Proprietor or Proprietors of 4 any export Warehouie, provided and entered for the Purpofe of 4 laying, ftorin^, and keeping Salt (or Exportation at the Port of 4 Liverpool or Brijlol\ is and are for any Deficiency found upon the 4 proper Officer of Excife weighing and taking the Account in 4 the Month of "June therein direfted of the Stock of Salt re-4 maining in any inch Export Warehoufe, fubjeft and liable to forfeit 4 and lofe at and after the Rate of Twelve Shillings for every Bufhel 4 of Salt fo deficient, One Sixth Part of which is by the faid Aft 4 direfted to be to the Officer or Officers who (hall difeover fuch Dt-4 ficiency, and the other Five Parts to and for the Ufe of His Majefty:

4 And whereas the Fi(h curer or Fi(h-curer9, whofe Stock of Salt 4 appears to be deficient on weighing and taking Account of and 4 balancing the fame in the Month oLMay, is by the faid Aft fubjeft 4 and liable to forfeit and lofe at and after the Rate of Twelve bhil-4 ing3 for every Bufhel of Salt fo deficient, Five-Sixth Parts whereof 4 is by the faid Aft direfted to be applied to the Ufe of His Majeity,

4 His Heirs and SuccefTors, and the remaining Sixth Part thereof 4 to the Ule of the Officer or Officers of Excife who (hall difeover 4 fuch Deficiency : And whereas the faid Sums of Twelve Shillings 4 per Bufhel refpeftively were Two Shillings per Bufhel above the 4 Rate of Duty to which Salt for Home Trade was liable at the

* Time of paffing the faid Aft, but by the Laws now in force the 4 faid Duty ha6 bcenraifed to the Rate of Fifteen Shillings per Bufhel,

4 and it is therefore expedient to raife the faid refptftivc Sums of 4 Twelve Shillings in Manner herein-afteT mentioned ;* Be it therefore enacted. That from and after the paffing of this Aft, the Pro-: prietor or Proprietors of any fuch Export Warehouie fhall in Lieu and inftead of the faid Sum of Twelve Shillings for every Bufhel of Salt deficient in Manner in the faid Aft in that Behalf mentioned, forfeit and lofe at and after the Rate of Seventeen Shillings for every Bufhel of fuch Salt which fhall be fo deficient, and that the Fifh-curer or Fifh-curers whofe Stock of Salt fhall appear to be deficient in Manner in the faid Aft in that Behalf mentioned fhall, in liru and inftead of the faid Sum of Twelve Shillings for every Bufhel of Salt deficient, in Manner in the faid Aft in that Behalf mentioned, forfeit and lofe at and after the Rate of Seventeen Shillings for every Bufhel of fuch Salt which (hail be fo deficient: which faid Sums of Money fhall be paid and applied by the Commiffioners of Excife in Manner hereinafter mentioned, that is to fay, Fifteen-Seventeenth Parts

thereof



Google

*73

A.D. 1809.	49°	GEO.	III.	C.8r.

thereof to the Ufe of His M?«jefty, His Heirs and Succeflbrs, and the remaining Two Seventeenths to the Ufe of the Officer or Officers of Excife who fhall'difeover fuch Deficiency.

V.	4 And whereas by the faid Aft made in the Thirty eighth 38 G. 3. c. 89.

4 Year of the Reign of His prefent Mqefty, it is enafted, That in	§ 115*

4 cafe any Sdt, or Rock Salt, Tor which the Duties by tha* Aft im-	N°Relief fliall

4 poled ffiili have been paid, of which {hail have been delivered upon a 4 Bond, free of thofe Duties, {hall be lolt or dtll royed through Strefa of Excife in 4 of Weather, or Storms at Sea, or by the accidental or unavoidable London for Salt 4 ending away, finking, or branding of any Fiat, Boat, Barge, or loft by Capture 1 Veiled, in or on board of which any fuch Salt or Rock Salt fhall on the Coaft of 4 be removing or tranfporting from one Piace to another, it (hould ,CntaUj %

4 and might be lawful for the Owner, Proprietor, or Shipper of fuch	gwCt	6

4 Sait or Rock Salt to make application in Writing for Relief to His 4 M jrtty’s Judiccs of the Peace of the County, Riding, Divilion,

4 or S lire neared: to which any fuch Accident Ihould happen at the 4 Qu irttr Stffions of the Peace, or to the Commiffioners of the Excife 4 at the Chief Office of Excife in London, or any Three of the faid 4 Coimmfll >ners, and thereupon it (hou'd and might be lawful to and 4 for fuch Juftices of the Peace at the Quarter Seffions or Com-4 miffioners of Excife, or any Turee of fuen Commiffioners refpec-4 tively, to receive and admit fuch Application, and to examine all 4 Parties touching the Matter contained therein, and upon due Proof 4 of the Faft by Two or more Credible Witntffis, one of whom 4. Ihould be the Mailer or Mate of fuch Fiat, Boat, Barge, or 4 VcfTcl, if fuch Miller or Mate be living at the Time fuch Jullice 4 or Commiffioners rcfpeftivdv are thereby authorized and required 4 to grant their Warrant in Manner in the faid Aft direft^d : And 39G.3.C. 65. 4 whereas by another Aft made in the Thirty-ninth Year of His pre- * 12‘

4 fent Majelly’s R.ign, among other Things for amending an Aft,

4 made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent 4 Majefty for transferrin z the Management of the Salt Duties to the 4 Comnvffioners of Excife, the faid Commiffioners of Excife at the 4 Chief Office of Excife in London, or any Three of them, are*

*	authorized to grant Relief in Manner therein mentioned with refpeft 4 to Salt or Rock Sale loll by Capture of Enemies : And whereas it 4 is expedient to rdlrift the Jurifdiftion of the faid C mmiffioners 4 of Excife at the Chief Office of Excife in London to fuch Salt 4 only as (hall be lolt or ddlroytd on the Coaltsof that Part of Great

*	Britain called England and in Rivers or Inland Navigation thereof Be it therefore enaftcJ, That from and after the paffing of this Aft it {hall not be lawful to or for the Commiffioners of Excife or any of them, to receive or admit any fuch Application, or to grant any Relief for or in refpeft of any Salt loft by Capture of Enemies on the Coall of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or loft or ddlroyed through Strefs of Weather or Storms at Sea, or by th$ accidental or unavoidable calling away, linking, or llranding of any Fiat, Bi'at, Barge or Vcffil, on the faid laft mentioned Coaft, or in any Rivitr or Inland Negation in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; iny Thing in the faid laft mentioned Acls, or either of them, to the contrary in anywife iyutwithltandittg.

VI.	4 And whereas by an Aft, made in the Forty-fifth Year of 45 g. 3. e. 14. 4 the Reign of His prefent Majeliy, intituled, An Act for gratiiing § 3. Hpefting t additidnal Duties on Salt in Great Britain, it is enafted, That in all I>rawback$ ou

4 Cafes Salt repealed.



Google

Salt feized and put up to Sale which will not produce the X)uty Oiall he defbroyed, and the Conimiifion-«ts fhall reward the Seizer.

Utenhls ufed with Vcflels liable tp Forfeiture, fhall alfo be forfeited.

Penalties (hall be levied as under Ejdfe Laws.

C.8r.	49°	GEO. Ilf.	A.D.1809.

•	Cafes where Duties are granted and Drawbacks allowed by that

•	Ad on any fpecific Quantity of S ilt, the lame fr.ouid in everv Cafe 4 be uitderttond and deemed and taken to apply in the fame Propor-

•	tion and after the fame Rate to any greater or lefs Quantity than

•	fuch fpecific Quantity : Ai:d whereas it is exDfdiciit to repeal fo

•	much of the laid lecifed Chute, as relates to the faid Drawbacks;' Be it therefore enadrd, That fo much of faid recited Claufe, as relates to the faid Drawbacks, fhall be and the fame »s hrrtby repealed.

VII.	4 And whereas Sait feized by the Officers rf Excife is fre-

•	quenly fo faul and dirty that it will not fell b r#a Sum equal to the 4 Amount of the Duties, and the Sale thereof at a lefs Piice would

•	he injurious to the Revenue, and it is therefore expedient to make

•	fuch Provifion as is herem-afttr mentioned Be it therefore enaded, That if upon the putting up or offering to puhl'ck Sale ary Salt which now is or hereafter (hail be ftr’Zcd by any Officer or Officers of Excife, and condemned under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads of Parliament now in force, or which (hail hereafter be made, no Pcrfon or Perfons fhall offer or bid for the fame fuch Sum or Sums of Money as (hall be equal to or exceed the Duties bv Law impofed for or in refped of Salt made at any Salt Wotk in England or Scotland refptdively, it lhal! and may be lawful to and for the Ccmmif-Goners of Excife in England and Scotland refpedively, or any Three or more of them reipeetivtny, tocauie fuch Salt to be ddlroyed, and to give the Officer or Officers by whom the fame was feized fuch pecuniary Reward a3 they the faid Comm,(Tinners refptdively fhall think proper, fuch Reward r or exceeding Five Shillings per Bufhel for each and every Bufhel of fuch Salt fo deilroyed.

VIII.	‘ And where as by ftveral Laws of Excife the Vcffels made 4 Ufe of in private Manufactories of the Exciieable Commodities

•	therein mentioned are forfeited, hut the Forfeiture does not extend 4 to the Utenfils made ufe of in fuch Manufactories and it is there-4 fore expedient to make fuch Provifion as is hertin-after mentioned \ Be it tnerefore enacted, Thai where any Vcffels would if found be

^liable to Forfeiture for want of E' try having been made or Notice given thereof, or for being private or concealed, all the Uttnfiis ufed or employed, or fit or proper to be ufed or employed, in the Manufacture of any excifablc Commodity in any private or unentered Room or Place where any fuch Vtffel ihall be found or have been made Ufe of (hall be forfeited, sod all fuch Utcnfils (hall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, impofed by this or any other Ad or Ads of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to the Duties of Excife, fhali and may be fued for, levied, recovered, and mitigated, by fuch Way?, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife (not otherwifc fpeciallv direded by this or any fuch other Ad or Ads of Parliament), or by any Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majetty’s Courts of Record at Weft mlnfler, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and tnat one Moiity of every fuch Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, (hail be to HisMajefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him or them who (ball diicover, inform, or fue for the fame.

C A P.



A.D. 1809,

C.8z;

490 GEO. III.

*75

C A P. JJXXXII.

An Act to nmend feveral Afts pnfied in the la (I and prefent Seffions of Parliament, relating to the Local Militia.

[ 1 uth June 1809.]

*	'V¥7r^EREAS an Aft, paff d in the laft Sfffion of P,»r!isment, 4$ G,3*.c. ill.

*	VV intituled, An Act for enabling His Majefiy to efiabiifh a per-

*	tnanent Local Militia Force, under certain Reflrihions, for the Defence

*	of the Realm :	And wnereas an Aft,	paffed in the prrfent Srfiion

*	of Parliament,	in'ituled, An A3 to	amend and render more effectual	49G.3.C.	40.

*	on A'3, pojfed in the lajl Sejfwr. of Parliament, for enabling His Majejly to cjlabiijh a permanent Local Militia Force, under certain Rejlriflions,

*	for the Defence of the Realm: And	whereas an Aft, paffid in the

*	lad Seffion ot	Pailiament, intituled.	An A3 for enabling His Ma-	48 G. 3.c.	150.

4 jefy to 'Jlabiifh a permanent Local Militia Force in Scotland, under

*	Certain Rcjlriflicns, for the Defence of the Realm : And whereas an

*	Aft, polled in the prtfmt S--ffi >n of Parliament, intituled, An A3 49G.3.C.48,

*	to amend and render more effectual an A3 pajfed in the lajl Seffion of 4 Pari ament, for enabling His Majejly to cjtoblifh a permanent Local

* Militia Forte in Scotland, under certain Rejlrittions, for the Defence of the Realm : And whereas it is expedient that the laid Two recited

4 Afts, pafledin the pnfent S-ffion of Parliament, (hon'd be amended 4 and that further Provifions (houid be made in relation to the Local 4 Militia eilahhffied by the fa d Two recited Afts paffed in the lalfc 4 Seffion of Parliament Be it therefore enafted by the King’s mod Excellent Mijelly, by and with the Advice and C nfent of the Lords Spiritua1 and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament alfcmbled and by the Authority of the fame. That no Serjeant No Serjeants, or Non-commifiuned Officer, or Drummer, or Muficitn in the Local &c. notonPer-Miittia of Great Britain* not being on Permanent Pay as inch, (hall nmnentPay, be required or compedabie to f-rvein the Local Militia for any longer fcryelonger Period of Time than is in the faid Afts of the lait Seffion of Parlia- 1 ian nvales* ment refpeftivciv fueci.itd and required as to Private Men ballotted and enrolled to frrve in the Local Mditi.a, notwithftandmg any Oith or Engagement into which any fuch Serjeant ? Non commiflioned Officer, or Drummer, or Mufician (hall have taken or entered into at the Time ot hi* becoming a Serjeant. Non-commiflioned Officer, or Drumnur, or Mulican, in the fa»d Local Militia.

II.	And be it further enacted, That it lhall not be lawful for any Adjutants, &c. Adjutants, Quarter Mailers, nr Se*jeants, or Non-commiffioned (hall not train Officers ot theLocal Militia of Great Britain, to receive or command. Men for Regular or train or exercife any Men enrolled tor the Regular Militia of

their rtfpeft:ve Counties or Stewartries as diredLd by the faid recited Lieutenancy. Afts of the prefent Stffi in, utilefs th*y ihall be ordered and direfted [,sVe 49 0.3. fo to do by the Lieutenants, or Vice-Lieutenants, or Deputy-Lieu- c. 40. § 24.} tenants afting for any Lieuttnant of any fuch County or Stewartry, who are hertby refpeftively autftorizeed and empowered to make or give any fuch Orders and Dircftions to fuch Adjutants, Quarter-Matters, and Non-commifiioned Officers, as they (hall fee fit in that J3ehah.

III.	And be it further enafted and declared. That the Provifion in 49 G. 3. c. 40. the fai^ recited Afts of the prefent Stffion of Parliament contained, ^ 26. as toQua-as to making Ettates of the Value required by the Laws relating !\fi‘atlon*

to the Militia, good and valid Qualifications for any Officer of

Militia, XVXilitia only.

Digitized

I by Google



Indemnity to Warden of Stannaries refpe&ing Enrolment of Local Militia. [Sec 48 G. 3. c. ill. §7 *-3

Privy Council empowered to fix toe Quota of Local Militia for the Cinque Ports, &c.

[See 48 G. 3.

C, 111. § 68.]

C.&2,83.	49° GEO. Hi.	A.D.1809.

Militia, although the fame (hall not be fitnate' in the County or Stewartry to which the Officers having fuch E Hates, rcfpc&ively (hall belong, (hall be deemed and conftrued to extend to the Local Militia only, and not to the Regular Militia.

IV.	4 And whereas Doubts have arifen as to the Enrolment of 1 the Local Militia of the Stannaries by the Warden of the S^nnanes;' for Remedy whereof, be it declared and enafted. That the Enrolment of the Local Militia of the Stannaries by the Warden of the Stannaries, and the adminifUring the Oath to the Pcrfons enrolled in the Local Militia of the Stannaries, (hall be and be deemed to be as good, valid, and rffc&ual, to all Intents and Pnrpofes, as if the fame had been done by any fpecial Deputy-Wardens at any Meeting, and the faid Warden of the Stannaries lhall be ar.d is hereby indemnified for and on accounc of the fame, and releafed and dif-charged from all A&ione, Suits, Penalties, and Forfeitures whatever incurred by him for any Thirg done in relation to fuch Enrolment of the Local Militia of the Stannaries as aforefaid.

V.	* And whereas the Quota of Local Miltia efiablifhed for the

*	Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns, and their Members, by the

*	faid recited Aft of the Forty.eighth Year aforefaid, bave been

*	found, bv rcafon of the Number of Seafaring Men reOding within

*	the faid Cinque Ports, ancient Towns, and Members, to exceed the

*	due Proportion of Ellabiilhment of Local Militia according to the 4 Number of Men liable to ferveBe it therefore ena&ed. That it (hall be lawful for Hia Majetfy's Privy Council, and they are hereby empowered, to afeertain, fettle, and fix the Quota of Local Militia for the fa;d Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns, and their Members, and for that Purpofe to require and have all fuch Returns of the Number of Men liable to ferve apd exempt therein, as (hall be ne-ceflary to enable the faid Privy Council to regulate and fix a proper Quota for fuch Local Militia y any Thing in the faid recited Aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP, LXXXIII.

An Act for the Amendment of the Laws now in force in

Ireland^ relative to Perfons entering into Recognizances in Criminal Cafes, in Cuftody under any Fine, or under fuch Recognizance.	[loth	June	1809.]

4 XT 7H ERE AS great Neglc&9 have been committed in the ifluing 4 VV of the Procefs for levying the Sums due for forfeited Recog-4 mzances in Ireland, and for Fines impofed at Affixes, Commiffions 4 of Over and Terminer, and General Gaol Delivery and Seffions of

*	the Peace in Ireland, and in confeqntnce thereof many Recogni-

*	zances, which have been forfeited by Perfons bound for the Appear-4 ance or Profccution of Pfrfons charged with Crimes, or for keeping 4 the Peace, have remained for a great Length of Time in Arrcar 4 and unpaid, and many Fines impofed at Affizes, Commiffions of 4 Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol Delivery and Seffions of the 4 Peace, have remained unpaid and uncollefted : And whereas it 4 would not be expedient to iffue and enforce the Proccfs for levying 4 the Arrears thereof which have been fuffered fo long to remain due$* Be it therefore enaftrd by the King's moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Tern-

 LjOOQle

A.D. 1809.	490	Geo. III.	C.83.

poral, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That all Recognizances which have been forfeited by Perfons who have become bound therein for the Appearance or Prcfecution of Pcrfons charged with any Crimes or Offences, High or Petit Treafon and Murder onlv excepted, or for keeping the Peace, and all Fines impofed at Affizes, Commiffions of Oyer and Terminer 01 General Gaol Delivery and Stflions of ihe Peace, before the firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eight, and which now are and Hand unfatisfied and unpaid refpt&ivejy, fhall be henceforth for ever difeharged and vacated to all Intents and Purpofcs whatfoever ; and from henceforth no Proctfs or Execution fhall iffue or be exteured thereon from His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer, nor fhall the Officer or Officers of the laid Court of Exchequer, by whom the Procefs ought to have been iffiied for the f-ime, be in any Sort anfwerab!e for their Conduct or Neglect with iefpt& to the fame.

II. r And whereas und-.r and by virtue of feveral A&s paffed in

*	the Parliament of Ireland\ Pcrfons about to enter into Recogni-

*	zanccs in Ireland, as Sureties for others in Criminal Cafes, are re-‘ quired to make certain Oaths in order to qualify themfelves to enter 4 into fuch Recognizances ; and, in order to obviate all Doubts, it is

*	expedient that a Form of Oath be provided to be fo taken, and

*	that the Cafts in which the fame fhall be taken be clearly defined Be it therefore em&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That no Court or Judge, or Juftice of the Peace, or other Officer or Perfon what-fotver in Ireland, (hall receive any Ptrfon to become a Surety, or be bound for the Appearance of any other Perfon or Perfons charged with any Offence \yhatfoever, or that ary other Perfon or Pcrfons fhould keep the Peace, or be of good Behaviour, unlefs fuch Perfon fo offering to become Surety, or be bound, (hail have firft made Oath before fuch Court, Judge, Juftice, or other Officer or Perfon in One of the Form3 here following, or in fome other Form of Word* of the like Import and Effe& refp; lively, that is to fay, if fuch Perfon fhall rtfide in a County at large, in this Form ; (to wit),

‘ J	do fwear. That I am a Houfeholder,

*	and have a Houfe wherein I ufuaily refide at

*	in the Parifh of	Barony	or	Half	Barony

*	of	and	County of	and

*	that I fupport and maintain myfclf by	and	that

*	I am worth the Sum of [here infert double the Sum in 'which he or

*	Jhe is to be boundJ over and above my jull Debts.

* So help me GOD.' And if fuch Perfon (hall refide in a County, County of a City or Town, the Words “rtfide at” and from tiicnce to “County of” fhall be omitted, and inftead thereof thefe Words fhall be inferred; (to wit) “ rtfide in [naming the Street, Square, Lane, or Place] in the Parifh of	*	and	County	of	the	City	“	or	Town

of	and	every fuch Oath (hall be annexed to or

written on the fame Piece of Paper or Parchment with the Recog-ifzance, and fhall be figned by the Perfon making the fame, and at-telted by the proper Jurat *of the Court, Judge, Juftice or other Perfon taking the fame as aforefaid. and fhall be fuflkient in lieu of 49 Geo. Ill,	N	all

177

Recognizance* which have been forfeited and Fines impofed at any Affizes, &c. in Ireland,before July 1, 1808, fhall he dif-cl larged and vacated, and no Procefs or Execution to be had thereon.

Perfons entering into Recognizances in Ireland as Sureties for others In Criminal Cafes take the following

Oath.

Irifh A<R,

38 G. 3. c. 50.

Frrfons in Cuf-tody (hall not be relieved from Payment of Fines on Recognizances, unlefs <m Payment of fo much as they can pay.

On Petitions for Relief, Court (hall inquire into the Circum-ftanct s under which the Recognizances were forfeited.

C 83.	490	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1809.

all and every Oath? snd Oath required by any Law in force in Ireland to be taken by any fuch Surety.

III.	• And whereas by an All made in the Parliament of Ireland

*	in the Thirty-eighth War of His prefent Majetty’s Reign, intituled,

*	An Ail for the better Cdkdion of Sums arif.ng from forfeited Recogni-

*	zanies, and from Fines impofed at AJfrzes, Commiffwns of Oyer and 1 'Terminer and General Gaol Delivery and Sejftcns of the Peace, and

*	for the future Application of the fame, it is among It other Things 1 enact'd, that it fhoi:ld be lav. hi! tor the Court c f Exchequer, or

*	the Judges of Affze, on the Petition of any Perfon or Perlons in

* Cuftody of any Sheriff or She?ids. for Non-o?ymer.t of any Sum

* or Sums due on any Fre or Fu es, or Recognizance or Recogni-

*	zances enten d into in any of the Cafes aforefaid, by either a ‘ Surety or a Principal, to examine into the Fafts of fuch Petition

*	in a fumm2ry Minns.r. ard if they (hould he fufficient Reafons to ‘ grant an Order or Warrant (as the Cafe may be) under their ‘ Hands to difeharge any Perfon fo in Cuftody : And whereas it is

* expedient that the faid Provifion fhnuld be modified, and the

*	Powers of the fa’d Court and Judges extended in Manner here 1 following d Be it therefore enaded, That »f the Petition in any fuch Cafe dull ail edge the Inability of the Petitioner to pay the Amount of the Sum or Sums for which he or (he dial i be fo in Cuftody, the Court or Judge in examining into fuch Petition dial! inquire whether fuch Petitioner may not be of Ability, cr h?.ve the Power to pay and difeharge fome and what Part or Proportion of the Sum or Sums for which he or (he (hall be fo confined, and (hall not on the faid Ground of Poverty or Inability order fuch Petitioner to be fo difeharged but on the Payment of fuch Part or Proportion of fuch Sum or Sums as he or (he may fo have the Power to pay and difeharge.

IV.	And be it further enabled. That in any Cafe in which fuch Petitioner fhall have been fined, or (hah have betn the Principal in any Recognizance on which he or (he fhall be fo in Cuftody, fuch Court or Judge (hall alfo inquire into the Nature of the Offence for which fuch Fme (hall have been impofed, or of the Charge in confequence 'of wlrch fuch Recognizance (hall have been entered into, and under what Circumtiances the fame was forfeited ; and in cafe fuch Petitioner fha.l be fo in Cuftody under any Recognizance to anfwer or appear to any Charge, and (hall, after the Forfeiture of fuch Recognizance, have been tried and acquitted of fuch Charge, fuch Court or Judge (hall inquire whether cn fuch Trial all the Witntffes for the Profecution attended and were examined, and if not, then, whether by the Forfeiture of fuch Recogn zirce, the Attendance of any fuch Witnefs was in any Relpcdt prevented ; and if fuch P. titioner (hall be a Surety, then fuch Court or Judge (hall inquire whether fuch Surety ufed due Diligence to make the Principal amenable to the Law; and in all and every of fuch Cafes, the faid Court or Judges or Judge of Afiize, fhall have full Power and Authority, if they or he (hall think proper, to order the Difeharge of fuch Petitioner, either generally or after fuch Length of Time as fuch Court or Judges or Judge, in his or their Difcretion, (hall think fit, having Refpedt to the Circumflances of the Cafe, and to the Length of Time that fuch Petitioner fhall have been fo in Cuftody as aforefaid previous to the making of fuch Order, and to the Object and Purpofcs of this and

 CjOOQle

i79

A.D. 1809.	49°	GEO.	III.	C.	83,84.

the other Ads relating thereto ; and fuch Order in fuch Form (hall be good and valid to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

u Powers of Irijh Ads 38 Geo. 3. c .jo ; 39 GVo. 3. c. 67 ; and %* 40 Geo. 3. c. 30. extended to this Ad. § 5.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act for amending the Iri/h Road Ads. [ 1 oth June 1809.3

*	TTTHEREAS the providing for the Exnence of repairing of ‘ VV Poft Roads in Ireland, by Barony PreRntmerits, may in

* certain Cafes prove unequal and oppreffive;* Be it therefore enaded by the King’s moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembird, and by the Authority of the fame, That „ f

it (hall be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, County of a faynclofing* City, or County of a Town in Ireland, at any Affizes or Presenting fencing, and Term to be held after the paffi g of this Ad, to prefent all fuch improving Poft Sum and Sums of Money as may be necefTary for widening, fencing, Poads, mayb« levelling, repairing, and otherwife improving any Road nomade,	0r^r

upon which His Majefty’s Mails are or ihall be carried in Four-wheel Barony. Carriages, leading from the City of Dublin dirtdly to any Poll Town in Ireland\ or leading diredly to any Poit Town from any Port in Ireland, to which His MajeftyN Packet Boats with Mails from Great Britain regularly fail, to be raifed either off the County at large, or off any Barony or Half Barony, County of a City, or County of a Town, in which fuch Road or any Part thereof is or {hall be fituate.

II.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That all and every fuch Subje& to like S im and Sums of Money fo to be prefented ihall be prefented, and all Affidavits, &c. Payments on account of fuch Prcfentments (hall be made on the like as required by Affidavits, and fubjed to like Regulations and Conditions as are 8#i G. 3. (I.) preferibed and required with refped to the prefentin? and paying c*55*

Money for the like Purpofes, by an Ad made in the Parliament of

Ireland, in the Thirty-iixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An Ad for the Amendment of Pnblich Roads, for direding the Power of Grand Juries refpeding Preferments, and for repealing feveral Laws heretofore made for fuch Purpofes, except fo far as the fame may require to be altered in order to make them conformable to the Provifions of tbi3 Ad.

III.	* And for the more fpeedily reoairing fudden Breaches in the

*	faid Roadj, and the Bridges and Gullets thereori,* Be it further enaded, That it fliull and may he lawful for the Grand Jury of any Grand Juries County, County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, at any empowered to Affixes to nominate and appoint fuch and fo many Perfons poffifled appoint Super-of a Freehold or Leafehold Ellate of not lefs than Five hundred Pounds viforsof Ro*ls yearly Value, who may be willing to ad without any Salary or Allow- wllhout SaW* ance, to be Supervifors of fuch Roads in the faid County, County of

a City, or Town, or of fuch Part thereof as fhaU be fpecified by fuch Grand Jury, not exceeding Eight Miles in Length, for the Parpofe of fuperintending the fame, and of preventing all Nuifances and Injuries thereto, and from Time to Time to remove any fuch Supervifor, and to appoint another in his Stead; and it ftiall and may be lawful Supervifor may for every fuch Supervifor to expend and lay out in each and every Year any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding One Shilling by the petPerd^

N 2	Perch	’V

 L,ooQle

i So

Supervifor may appoint a Deputy with a Salary; and with Powers of C'onftr\ators under 36 G. 3. (I.) C. 5*.

Grand Jury may prefent for reimburfing the Supcrvifor; and for Payment of Deputy ; upon Affidavit.

Grand Juries (hall prefent, in the firft Inftance, for levelling and forming new Roads from Market '1 owns.

term of Affidavit iW prefentiug.

C. 84.	49® GEO. III.	A.D. 1809.

Perch for each Perch within the Diffrift of fuch Supervisor, in repairing, cleanfi ng, and otherwife improving fuch Roads or Part of them, and the Bridges and Pipes thereon, and in removing all fuch Nuifenees as may occur thereon ; and it fhall and may be lawful for every fuch Supcrvifor to appoint One or more Deouty or Deputies, with a Salary by the Year not exceeding for the Whole of fuch Deputy or Deputies a Sum to be calculated after the Rate of Two-pence for each Perch of the Road, to the C^re of which fuch Supervisor fha.l be fo appointed; and fuch Supervifor and his Deputy or Deputies (hall have all fuch Powers and Authorities with relped to fuch Roads or Parts thereof as aforefaid, as are given to Ovcrfeers and Confer-vators of Roads under and by virtue of the faid recited Adi of the Thirty-fixth Year aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further enadied. That it (hall and may be lawful for' the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, where fuch Supervifors (hall be nominated and appointed as aforefaid, and fuch Grand Jury (hall and they are hereby required at any Ailizes to prefent fuch Sum and Sums of Money as (hall be ce-ceffary to re-imburfe and defray all Sums fo advanced and laid out by any fuch Supervifor, and for the Payment of any fuch Deputy or Deputies, to be levied either off the County at large, or off any Barony or Half Barony wherein fuch Road is fituate: Provided always, that an Affidavit made and figned before fome Juftice of the Peace by fuch Supervifor (hall be laid before fuch Graud Jury, flat’ng that the Work has been properly executed, together with an Affidavit made and figned in like Manner by the Deputy employed in fuch Work, dating that the Money has been fairly and honeltly expended, and is a reafonable Charge to the bed of his Knowledge and Belief, with the Particulars of the Expenditure.

V.	And be it further enabled, That whenever any Grand Jury of any County, County of a City, or County of a Town in Ireland, (hall at any Affizes or Prefenting Term have prefented any new Road to be laid out and made between any Two Market Towns, or from any Market Town to the Sea, purfuant to the Dre&ions of the faid recited Adtof the Thirty-fixth Year, and (hall deem it expedient to make a Prefentment for forming, levelling, and draining the fame diltindl from the Prefentment for gravelling or making it with fmail Stones, it (hall be lawful for fuch Grand Jury to prefent all fuch Sum and Sums of Money as (hall be neceffary for levelling and forming, or draining the fame, to be raifed off the Barony or Half Barony, or County of a City, or County of a Town, in which fuch Road (hall be fituate: Provided always, that an Affidavit fworn by Two credible Witnvffes who can read and write, before a Juftice of the Peace for fuch County, in Form following, (hall have been firlt laid before fuch Grand Jury ; (that is to fay),

*	BOUNTY of	of

*	and	of

*	do fwear, that the Sum of	will	be neceffary

*	to form, level, and to drain [as the Cafe may be\

*	Perches of the new intended Road from	to

*	between	and	all in the Barony or Half

*	Barony of	in this County,	Feet	wide in the

‘ clear of all Ditches, Banks, Drains, and Fences, being at the Rate

* of



Google

^.D.i8op«	49* GEO. III.	0*84*

*	of	by	the	Perch, and that the faid Sum is a reafon-

*	able Charge to the beft of their Judgment and B.l:ef/

VI.	And be it further enafted, That no Money fhali be paid by the Treafurer of any County on account of any fuch Prefcntm?nt, until an Affidavit of One of the Overfeers appointed by the Grand Jury, fworn before a Juftice of Peace for fuch County, in the Form following, be firft allowed by the Grand Jury and the Court;

*	(JAUNTY of	Whereas	the Sum of

*	was prefented at	Affizes,	in the Year

*	to be expended in forming, levelling, or draining [as the Cafe may

4 heJ	Perches of the new intended Road from

1 to	between	and	all in the

4 Barony or Half Barony of	in	this County,

4 Feet wide in the clear of all Ditches, Banks, or Fences: Now 4 I	do	fwear,	that	1	have faithfully and honeftly

*	expended the Sum of	in forming, levelling, or

4 draining [as the Cafe may be~\	Perches	of	the faid

4 Road, and that every Part of the faid	Perches is

*	Feet in the Ciear between the Ditches, Banks, or

*	Fences, and is level throughout the Whole of the faid Width ; and

*	that there is not adjoining to either Side of the Road fo formed, ‘ levelled, and drained, any Grip, Trench, or Drain, without a Wall

*	or other fufficient Fence between it and the Side of the Road, and 4 that the annexed Account is true in every Part, and contains the ‘ Whole of the Expenditure of the faid Sum of

1 and that every Part of the faid Work was finilhed on the 4 Pay of	/

VII.	And be it further enafted, That it fhali and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County in which fuch Road (hall have been fo for formed and laid out, at any Affizes which (hall be holden for fuch County, to prefent any fuch Sum or Sums as may be necefiary for making and finilhing of fuch Road with Gravel or fmall Stones; ?nd all fuch Sum and Sums of Money fhali be prefented and paid upon the like Affidavits, and fubjeft to the like Regulations and Conditions as are preferibed and required for prefenting and paying Jdoney for making new Roads by the faid recited Aft of the Thirty-fixth Year aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That in lieu of the Sums allowed and required by the faid recited Aft of the Thirty-fixth Year aforefaid, for the making apd repairing of any Foot-path on any Road, it fhali and may be lawfql for the Grand Jury at any Affizes or Prefent-iug Term after the paffing of this Act, to prefent any Sum not exceeding Three Shillings by the Perch for making, and One Shilling and Sixpence by the Perch for repairing Foot-paths; and the faid rtfpeftive Sums fhali be prefented and paid under the Provifions, Regulations, and Affidavits preferibed by the aforefaid Aft, with refpeft to Money prefented for Footpaths under the faid recited Aft.

IX.	And be it further enafted, that in lieu of the Sum allowed and required by the faid recite^ Aft of the Thirty-fi^th Year aforefaid, to be prefented by Grand Juries for Cour^houfe peepers, it (hall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury at any A®xc8 or Presenting Term after the paffing of this Aft, tq prefent any Sum, not exceeding Eight Pounds in each Year, io\ $$ Courtrhoufc Kecpey

N 3	of

181

Overfeers* Affi-davit for Account before Payment of Money by Treafurer.

Grand Jury fhat prefent for finifhing fuch Road, upon Affidavits preferibed by 36 G. 3. c. »£.

Grand Juries empowered to raife Sums for repairing Footpaths inftead of the Sums ftated in 36 G.3.c.ajr.

Increased Preferment for Court-Houfe Keepers, inftead of that under 36 G.8. c, 55,



Repairs of Battlements of Bri Iges.

G.and Juries m vy prefent for the paving of a Roul by the fq;litre Yard in'lead of the Perch, &c.

3

Presentments for Pipes.

Prefentments for Mile Stone?, &c. by 36G.3. c.55. increafed.

Affidavit of Eftimate.

Truftres of Turnpike Roads fhall ere£t Mile Stones and Finger Polls.

C. £4*	49’	GEO. III.	A.D.	1809*

of any County, Gounty of a City, or Town, fubjed to the lik»* Affidavit and Regulations prefcnbtd by the aforcfaid A cl of the Thirty-fixth of His prefent M.-.jelly.

X.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury, in Cafes where the Battlements of Bridges (hall have been lately bpilt or repaired by Prcfentment, to contrad for keeping the fame in Repair for any Term not ltfs than Seven Years; provided that no larger Sum than One Shilling fhall be paid annually for every Perch in Length of fuch Battlement; and provided that no Money fhall be pa'd, uaL-ls it (hah appear to the Grand J uy, by the Affidavit of the Contractor, and the Certificate of the Confervator the Road in the B-irony in wh ch the Bridge i* fr.uate, or of a Magif-trate, that the faid Battleme nts are and have been kept in good and fuffieient Repair fince the Affix: s preceding.

XI.	And be it further enacted, Tnat it fl)all and may be lawful for any Grand Jury of a C unity. County of a City, or County of a To am, in fuch Cafes where thev may deem it advifccble to prefent for the paving of a Road or Street bv the fquare Yard, inllead of making or repairing the fame by the Perch, with Gravel or fmall Stones: Provided always, that all and every Sum and Sums of Money fo to be prefented lhall be fo pref-nud, and all Payments on account of fuch Prefentments fhall be made on the like Affidavits, and fub-jd to like Regulations and Conditions as are preferibed and required with refped to the prefenting and paying Money for the like Purpofes by the aforefaid Adi of the Thirty lixth of His prefent Majelty, except fo far as the fame may require to be altered in order to make them conformable to the Provifions of faid Ad.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That every Affidavit upon which any Prefentment for any Pipe, Gullet, or Sewer, fhall be granted, lhall fpecify the Dimenfions of fuch Pioe, Gullet, or Sewer.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That from and afrer the palling of this Ad, in lieu of the Sum which Grand Juries are allowed to prefent for Mile S ones and Finder Polls by the faid recited Ad of the Thirty-lixth Year aforcfaid, it lhall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury to prefent, to be raifed off the County at large for each and every Diredion Poll, Mile Stone, or Mile Poll, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty Shillings for each Mile Stone or Mile Poll, and not exceeding Thirty Shillings for each Finger Poll; Provided always, that an Ellimate upon Oath be previoufly laid before fuch Grand Jury, dating the Expence of procuring and ereding fuch Mile Stones or Mde Polls or Finger Polts, Hating the Dimensions thereof, and the Size of the Letters and Figures to be inferibed thereon refpedmdy.

XIV.	And be it further enadtd, That the Truflees, Overfeers, Commiflioners, or Diredors for the Time being of the feveral Turnpike Roads in Ireland, lhall and they are hereby required to ertd or caufe to be ereded upon and throughout the Lines of the refpedive Roads under the Care and Management of fuch Truftees refpec-tively, within Two Years after the palling of this Ad, proper and fuffieient Mile Stones or Mile Polls at exad and due Diftances from each other, on each of which fhall be legibly inferibed the Number of Miles fuch Mile Stone or Mile Poll is dillant from the City of Dublin, if the Road leads to or from Dublin dired, and a!fo the Number of Miles the fame is dillant from fuch Town, on each Side

thereof.

 i^ooQle

A.D. 1809.	490	GEO.	III.	C.	84.	183

thereof, on the Line of fuch Road, as they (hall think proper; and

alfo to ere6l or caufe to be ere&ed at all Publick Crofs Roads which

occur in the Line of any fuch Road, prop-r and Efficient Finger

Pods, on each Side of which fhall be legibly inferibed the Number of

Miles fuch Finger Pod is diftant from any Town or Village to which

fuch Finger Pod (hall point or dire&; and in cafe the Trudees, Indefaultof

Cornmifiioners, or Dire&ors of any Turnpike Road (hall negleft to Trufiees, Grand

e.-e£t proper and fufheient Mile Stones and Finger Pods in and Juries fhall

throughout the refpe&'.ve Lines of their Roads within the Term cf pwfenu

Two Years aforefaid, then and in fuch CTe it (hall be lawful for

the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City, or County of a

Town wherein any fuch Negle£t (hall take place, at any Affizes or

Prefenting Term after the Expiration of the faid Two Years, to pre-

fent fuch Sum or Sums as mav be neceflary for procuring and ere&ing

fuch Miie Stones or Mile Pods and Finger Pods, not exceeding

Twenty Shillings for each Mile Stone or Miie Pod, and Thirty

Shillings for each Finger Pod ; and it (hall and rifay be lawful for

the Treafurer of fuch County, County of a City, or County of a

Town in which the Grand Jury (hall have cauftd Mile Stones or

Mile Pods and Finger Pods to be procured and ere&ed as aforefaid,

to fue the Trudees of the Turnpike Road on which the fame (hail

have been ereSed, by One or more Civil Bill or Bills (in which Suit

either the Treafurer or Secretary to the Trudees of fuch Roads (hall

be made the Defendants) and to recover from them the full Amount Amount (ball

of the Sum fo expended by order of the faid Grand Jury in erecting be recovered

Mile Stones and Finger Pods as aforefaid, together with the Coda of byTrutteesby

Suits, and alfo a Sum of Two Shillings in the Pound upon the ^Svil Bill.

Amount recovered, as a Reward for his Trouble.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That on every Prefentment for No Presentment the railing of any Publick Money whatfoever, which (hall be made fhall be allowed by any Grand Jury appointed by the Court at any Affizes or Pre- *n future which fenting Term, for any County, County of a City, or Town in o^belpace^f Ireland, the Title of the particular A& of Parliament under, which -lt the Uw from fuch Prefentment (hall be made and dated, (hall be dated on the which Grand Face of fuch Prefentment j and that every fuch Prefentment (hall Juries derive be entered in the County Book, and Quere Book, with a Marginal llluuf Authority. Nate of fuch A&, fpecifying the Year of the King’s R-ign, and the

Chapter and Se&ion of fuch A& as printed by the King’s Printer;

and that all Preferments not m^de according to the Directions fore-	\

going (hall be null and void.	1

XVI.	Provided nevcrthelefs, and be it further enaAed, That the jvotto extend foregoing Regulation (hall not extend or be conftrued to extend to to Roads,

any Prefentment for forming, levelling, fencing, draining, widening, Bridges, Seflum making, repairing, or otherwife improving any Road, or to the build- Houfes, See. ing, repairing, or otherwife improving any Bridge, Stflions Houfe,

Gaol, or other Mafon Work. -

XVII.	* And whereas Doubts have arifen whether the Words

*	contained in Affidavits accounting for the Repairs of Roads, dating

*	that Part of the Width of fuch Roads is made with Gravel or fmall

*	Stories, do not imply that in every Perch to be repaired the whole f Width has been Honed or gravelled anewBe it further ena&ed,

That the Repairs of Roads may be eftimated, prefented, and ac- Affidavits as to CQijnted for, without fpecifying any particular Breadth in each Perch gravelling Roads,

N4	.to

 CjOOq Le

184	C.	84.	49®	GEO.	III.	A.D.1809.

to be newly ftoned and gravelled 5 any Thing in any fueb Affidavit fo required to be made as aforifaid notwithllanding.

Affidavit for	XVIII. And be it further enabled, that fiom and after the End

accounting for 0f tfoe ftVeral Lent Affixes which ffiall be held in Ireland in the Year ftan^Ute^tliaT ' One tkoufand eight hundred and ten, no Affidavit for the accounting Backs of Ditches ^or *he Repairs of any Road fhall be allowed by the Grand Jury, or are turned to	by the Court at any Affizes or Prefer'ting Term in or for any County,

the Road.	or County of a City or Town in Ireland, unit fa it fhall be fptcially

ftated in fuch Affidavit that there is not on eithtr Side of anv Part

Grand Juries may prelent for filling up Grips, on Affidavit.

Grand Juries may prefect for Damage done by taking Gravel, &c. to be levied off die Barony, &c.

Accounting Affidavit when Repairs of Road are contra&ed for.

Accounting Affidavit for puhlick Work fhall Rate that the Work was fmiihed Six 1 ays before ^Jftzes, See.

of the Road fpecitied in fuch Affidavit, any Grip, Trench, or Drain, without a Wall or othrr fufficicnt Fence between fuch Grip, Trench, or Drain, and the Side of fuch Road.

XIX.	And be it further enafttd, That it fhall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury of a County, Com ty of a City, or County of a Town, at any Affixes or Preferring Term, to prefent any Sum that may be necefiary.for filling up Grips on the Sides of Road, provided an Affidavit be firft laid before them, (hting the Length, Breadth, and Depth of fuch Grips propcf.d to be filled up, and that the Sum is a reafonable Charge ; and providc-d alfo, tint no Money on account of fuch Prtfentment ffiall be paid until an Affidavit is firft hid before the Grand Jury, dating that the Money has been fairly and honcftly expended according to fuch Prtfentment, with the Particulars of the Expenditure.

XX.	And be it further enabled, That whenever and as often as any Sum, by way of Compenfation for Damage, is awarded (under the Provifions of the faid recited Aft) to any Owner or Occupier of Land from whence any Gravel, Stones, Sand, or other Materials have been taken by any Overfee r for filling up Grips, as lveil as tor the other Purpofes therein fpecitied, it fhall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury to prefent the fame, to be levied off the Birony or Half Barony, County of a City, or County of a Town in which the Materials have been expended, provided it (hall appear to them that the Appraifers have viewed the Land both before and after the Damage has been committed, and that all the Stipulations contained in the faid Aft for the like Purpofes have been duly complied with and performed.

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That no Words in any account* ing Affidavit, required by the faid recited Aft of the Thirty-fixth Year, or this Aft, importirg that the Account annexed to fuch Affidavit is true in every Part, fhall extend or beconftrued to extend to prevent the paffing of the Accounts for any Road which (hall have been or (hall be repaired by Contraft : Provided always, that the Time of fuch Contraft (hall be fpecified in fuch Account, and that it fhall be ftated in fuch Affidavit that the faid Contraft was fairly made and entered into, upon the bell and mod advantageous Terms that could be procured, without Favour or Partiality to the Con-traftor, and that fuch Contraftor has given Security to the Overfeer for keeping the Road in repair for One Year from the Date thereof.

XXIL And be it further enafted, That ro Affidavit for the accounting for the Expenditure cf any publick Money for any Road, or for any publick Work, fhall be allowed by the Grand Jury, or by the Court at any Affixes or Frefenting Term or OSober Stffion, in any County, County of a City or Town in Ireland, unh-fs it fhall be ftated in fuch Affidavit that the Road or Work therein mentioned ft as completed on fome Da y* being not lefs than Six clear



A.D. i8c>9*	49®	GEO.	Ill,	C.84.

Days previous to the Commiffion Day of fuch Affizes or Prt Tenting Term, or Six clear Days previous to the Firft Day of fuch Oftobcr Seffion?, as the Cafe may be; nor unlefs fuch accounting Affidavit fhaH be lodged with the Secretary of the Grand Jury, previous to the Commiffion Day of fuch Affizes, or the Firft Day of fuch Otiober SeffionF, of which Lodgment fo made the faid Secretary (hall make Oath in open Court.

XXIII. * And wherea3 in the aforefaid Ad of the Thirty fixth of

*	His prefent Majefty, it is enaded, That in every Warrant to be

*	iflued by the Treafurer of the County to the feveral Perfons who,

4 under the Provifions of the faid Ad, are to be the Colledors for 4 levying or colleding the Sums of Money to be raifed off each 4 Barony or Half Barony, there fhall be inferted the Names of the 4 feveral Manors, Parifhes, or Denominations contained in that Por-4 tion of the County which fuch Perfon is to colled from, as the fame 4 is contained in the County Book, and alfo the whole Sum to be 4 colleded, and the Portion thereof which each Manor, Panto, or 4 Denomination is to pay, according to its Contents in the County 4 Book, or as it has been ufually rated at: And whereas there are 4 fome Counties which either have no County Book, or in which 4 Book no Manors, Paritoes, or Denominations are inferted, or in 4 which the Contents of all or fome of the Manors, Paritoes, or De-4 nominations are not fpeciSed, and no ufual or regular Rate has pre-4 vailed, fo as to give official Knowledge to the Treafurer, and 4 enable him to infert, agreeable thereto, the Portion which each 4 Manor, Panto, or Denomination is to pay ;* Be it therefore enaded,

That in all or any of fuch Counties, it toal) be lawful for the Grand jur*CT

Jury, at the next Affizes after the paffing of this Ad, or at any fhall form Tahiti

fubfequent Affizes, to f mm a Table of the Names of the feveral of the Names

Paritoes, Manors, and Denominations, and the Contents of each in of fuch Faritlies,

any Barony or Half Barony, the Manors, Paritoes, and Denomination and toe

whereof, with their Contents, are not contained in the County Book.

and the Treafurer of fuch County toall caufe puhlick Notice to be contained in the

given thereof throughout fuch Barony or Half Barony, by ordering County Boole.

the Collector, High Conftable, or Sub-Conftable, to poft a Copy of

fuch Table on the Door of each Church within fuch Barony or Half

Barony, and on the Door of every Market Hopfe therein, Thirty

Days at the leaft previous to the then next enfuing Affizes, requiring

all Perfons who may think themfelves aggrieved by fuch Table to

appear before the Grand Jury at fuch then next enfuing Affizes, and

fuch Grand Jury at fuch Affizes toall proceed, if they toall think

proper, to examine fuch Perfons as toall fo appear upon Oath, (which

Oath fuch Grand Jury is hereby empowered to adminitter,) refpeding

fuch Table, and any Objedions thereto, and it toall be lawful for

fuch Grand Jury, at fuch laft mentioned Affizes, to amend fuch Table

as they toall think fit, and to prefent fuch Table, either as originally

formed or amended as aforefaid, to be the Table by which the feveral

Manors, Paritoes, and Denominations in fuch Barouy or Half Barony,

toall in future be proportionably rated for the Purpofe of levying all

Money to be raifed thereon under Prefentment of Grand Juries, and

the Names of fuch Manors, Paritoes, and Denominations, with the

Contents of each, fhall be inferted in every Warrant to be iffued

thereafter by every Treafurer of any fuch County to any Colledor

as aforefaid, in like Manner as if the fame had been contained in

the

 LjOOQle



Colle&ors of Frefentmenta ihall «ive Security before the Grand Jury.

Affidavit of

Collectors before Prefentment for their Poundage.

Before Frefentmenta for Salary to Treafurer, Certificates of their Seeuritiet ihall be produced.

Affidavits for

Prefentments ihall be lodged 15 Days before the Commiffion Day of each Affize, &c.

Bxpenee of printing Schedules of Affidavits fhall be prefented.

C. 84.	490 GEO. III.	A.D.18C9.

the County Book or otberwife, according to the Provifions of the laid recited Ad.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, That no High C ndable or Coliedor (ha.I be authorized to colled any Prefentment, Cels or pub-lick Money, unlefs the Security required bv the faid recited Ad of the Thirty-fixth Year, to be given by him, fhall be duly entered into before the Grand Jury by whom fuch High Conllablc cr Coliedor ihall have been appointed, by Bond and Warrant of Attorney, without Stamp, conditioned as in the faid recited Ad is fpeciiied and fet forth ; any Thing in the faid recited Ad to the contrary uotwith-(landing-.

XXV.	And be it further enaded, That no Prefentment for Poundage (hail be made for colleding any publick Money by any Grand Jurv, or Bated by the Court, under the Provifions of the faid recited Ad of the Thirty-lixth Year aforefaid, unlefs the Treafurer’s Warrant under which fuch Coliedor has proceeded to levy the Cefs be annexed to fuch Prefentment, nor unlefs fuch Coliedor and his Deputies (hall make Affidavit before the faid Grand Jury that fuch has been fairly and impartially levied, and that no more than the Sum authorized by the Treafurer’s Warrant, with the cuftomary Colledor’s Fees, ha* been colleded, to the bell of his and their Knowledge and Belief.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded, That no Preftntment. for any Salary, Poundage or Allowance, to any Treafurer of any County, County of a City or Town in It dandy (hall be made by any Grand Jury or Bated by any Cburt or Judge, unlefs there fhall be previoufly produced to fuch Judge by the ading Clerk of the Crown at the Affizes or Prefenting Term in which fuch Prefentment fhall be required to be made, a Certificate figned by the proper Officer, dating* what Securities for the due Performance of his Office fuch Treafurer has given and entered into, and that fuch Securities have been duly recorded in the proper Office, and fuch Certificate fhall date the Dates when fuch Securities were entered into, the Names of the refpedive Sureties, and the Sums for which fuch Sureties were feverally bound.

XXVII.	And beit further enaded, That all Affidavits for Pre* fentmento tor terming, levelling, fencing, draining, widening, making, repairing, or otherwife improving any Road, and for the building, repairing, or otberwife improving, any Bridge, Srffion Houfe, Gaol, or other Mafon Work, (hail be lodged Fifteen Days at the lead before .the Commiffion Day of each Affizes, with the ading Secretary of the Grand Jury, who is hereby required to keep an Office open for the Purpofe, in the Manner prtfcribed by the aforefaid Ad of the Thirty-lixth of His prefent Majelty, and fuch Secretary fhall forthwith after the Receipt thereof, (provided he (hall be ordered by the Grand Jury at the previous Affizes fo to do) caufe Copies of the Schedules of fuch Affidavits to be printed rni ready for Delivery at his Office, Three clear Days before each Affizts, to fuch Magidrates and Over-feers of Roads, cr other publick Works, as may apply for the fame, provided tiiat the Number fo to be pnuted (hall not exceed Twenty-five for each Barony or Half Barony, and Twenty-five for each County of a C'ty, or County of a Town.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded, That the Grand Juries ©f Counties, Counties* of Cities, or Counties of Towns, (hall at each Affizes or Prelentmg Term, prefent fuch Sum as (hall be nectflary for defraying the printing of the Schedt^les of the Affidavits as aforefaid :



Google

A.D. 1809.	490	GEO. III.	C.84*	>87

laid : Provided always, that an Affidavit of the Printer dating his Charge to be ufual and reafonable, be firft laid before the Grand Juries, and that no fuch Prefentment for the printing of fuch Copies fhall be made, unlefs they are ready for Delivery at the Secretary’s Office Three dear Days before eaeh Affizes a3 aforefaid.

XXIX.	And be it further ensued, That the Clerk of the Crown Prefentmenta for every County, County of a City, and County of a Town in Ire- and QuereBool® land, fhall within Twenty-one Days after every Affize9 or Prefenting each™^ Term, deliver to the Treafnrer of fuch County, County of a City, or

County of a Town (in addition to the Copies of the Prefentmenta which he is by the faid recited A& of the Thirty-fixth Year aforefaid required to deliver) an accurate Copy, figned by himfelf, of the Queries which remained unaccounted for at fuch Affixes ; and l'uch Treafurer or Grand Jury Secretary, or Chief Clerk, as the Grand Jury fhall think fir, fhall forthwith after the Receipt thereof, caufe a Number of Copies of fuch Piefentments and fuch Quere Book to be printed and diftributed to the Magiftrates and principal Overfeers, not exceeding Twenty-five for each Barony or Half Birony, and not exceeding Twenty-five for each County of a City or County of a Town ; and the Grand Juries of fuch Counties, Counties of Cities, and Counties of Towns, fhall at the Affizes or Prefenting Term next following, pre-fent to be levied off the County, County of a City, or County of a Town, fuch Sum as fhall be neceffary tor defraying the Expence of priming and distributing fuch Copies:	Provided always, that an

Affidavit of the Printer, llating his Charge to be ufual and reafonable, be firft laid before fuch Grand Jury ; and that no fuch Prefentment for the printing and didributing of fuch Copies as aforefaid fhall be made unlef3 the printed Copies of fuch preceding Prefentments and Queries fhall have been printed and didributed within Six Weeks after inch preceding Affizes or Prefcnting Term.

XXX.	4 And, for the Safety and Convtnience of Paffengers and

•	Travellers upon the Pubiick and other Roads, and in the Streets

•	of Towns m IrelandBe it enafted, That from and after the Firft Drivers,

Day of January in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and ten, Paffengers and all Drivers of Waggons, Carts, Cars, Coaches, Chariots, Curricles, p^l^tTons Gig3, Chairs, and of every Kind and Species of Carriages, and all {^11 take the Perfons riding on Horfeback, or driving any Animals, either with or Left-hand Side without Burdens, on any Road, or in the Street of any City or of the Road, in Town in Ireland, fhall be obliged and they are hereby required to keep all Oifes as herein iheir Left Hand Side of the Road or Street in going and coming or fPecified* travelling thereon, and fhall leave the other Side free to all other Drivers

of fuch Carriages or Animals, or fuch Travellers; and all Drivers of

Carriages or Animals, and Travellers of every Defcription, who fhall

have Occaiion to pafs by the Drivers of other Carriages or Animals,

or Travellers of any Defcription, going in the fame Dirt&ion, fhall in

all Cafes where it is pr2&icable, take and go on the Right Hand of

the Driver or Traveller by whom they fhall fo have Occafion to pafs ;

and if any Perfon fhall wilfully refufe or negledt to drive and pafs in Offender may be

Manner and according to the Regulat ions aforefaid, it fhall and may apprehended and

be lawful for any Magiftrate, Conftable, Confervator, or Turnpike- fhall forfeit ios.

keeper to flop and detain fuch Offender, and the Carriage and Horfe &c*

or Horfes or other Beaft on or with which fuch Offender fhall be, and

forthwith to carry or convey fuch Offender before any Juitfce of the

Peace for the County, County of a City, or County of a Town where

fuch



m

Half *© the Iftibrraei and Halt'to Parochial Charity.

Copies of all Fiefeutments Jhall hi yearly forwarded by Treafurer to the Chief Secretary ©f Lord lieutenant, to be laid before Parliament.

A61 fhall not extend to Dublin County, except §§ 14^31.

ProriUona of leeited A 6k &6 G. 3. c. 5A. extended to thia

A£t. § 2d.

C.84.	49°	GEO. III.	A-D.	1&09.

fuch Offence (hall be committed, or for any Perfon whatsoever to lodge an Information againft fuch Offender before fuch Magiftrate, and upon his being convi£f?d thereof upon the Oath of One credible Witnefs, every fuch Perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Offender, or by Diftrefs and Sale of the Carriage or Horfe or Horfes or other Beads, and the Goods therein or thereon wherewith fuch Offender (hall have been travelling at the Time of fuch Offence, fuch Diftrefs to be made by Warrant under the Hand and S.-al of fuch Juftice, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting the faid Fine and the Expences of fuch Diftrefs and Sale to the Owners or Owner on Demand 5 One Half of the Amount of the Penalties fo levied to be paid to the Informer, and the remaining Half to the Minitler or Curate of the Parifh in which fuch Offence fhall be committed for the Ufe of ti e Poor of fuch Pari(h 5 and if Diftrefs fufficient for fuch Penalty or Penalties (hall not have been feized or found, it ftv»il and may be lawful for fuch Juftice, and he is hereby empQwered and required to commit fuch Offender fo convicted to the Common Gaol, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, unlefs fuch Offender (hall fooner pay and fatisfy the faid Penalty or Penalties; and every Perfon offending as aforefaid (hall likewife be liable to pay and fatisfy all Damages whi.b {hall happen in confluence of any fuch Neg!c& or Default as aforefaid.

XXXI.	‘ And, for the procuring Returns to be made annually to • Parliament of all Preferments made by Grand juries in Ireland* Be it enabled, That the Treafurer of every County, County of a City, and County of a Town or Place in Ireland, (hall on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of December in each and every Year, caufe a true Copy, (igned by himfelf, of alt Preferments which (hall have been made by the Grand Jury, and fiated by the Court at any Afiizes cy Prefenting Term in luch Year on the County, County of a City or Town or Place whereof he is Treafurer, to be forwarded to the proper Officer in His Majefty’s Caftle of Dublin % to be from thence tranfmttted fo loon as may be to be laid before Parliament; and in cafe any Treafurer of anv County, County of a City, or a Town or Place in Ireland, lhall neglt& to make fuch Return as aforefaid, he (hall forfeit his Office, and be for ever after incapable of acting as Treafurer of any Ccur.ty, County of a City, or County of a Town or Place in Ireland,

XXXII.	And be it further ena&ed, That nothing in this A£l (hail extend or be conftrued to extend to the County of Dublin j except fo far as relates to the obliging of Trulters, Ovtrfeers, Commifiioners op Din&ors of Turnpike Roads to ere& Mile Stones, Mile Pofts and Finger Poll?, and except fo far as relates to the Treafurer making Returns to Parliament anuually of all Prefentments made and fiated by the Court; any Thing in the faid A£t contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

XXXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That all the Powers, Provisions. Ruits and Regulations of the faid recited A& of the Thirty-fixth Year aforefaid, (hall be extended to this prefent A6f \ and that this A& and the faid recited A 61, fo far as the laid recited A£l is not repealed or altered by this A&, or by any other A& or A£ts in force in Ireland, lhall be conftrued together as one A$, to all Intents and Purpofcs.

XXXIV,

 LjOOQle

A.D. 1809.	490	GEO. lit.	0.84,85,86.

XXXIV. And be it further enadied, That this Adi (hall take Effedi from and after the Firft Day of January in the Year One thoufaod eight hundred and ten, and not at any earlier Period ; any Thing m the faid A& contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. LXXXV.

An A£ for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland 5 for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time fuch Militia (hall not be embodied *, and for making Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers of the faid Militia during Peace.	[10th	June	1809.]

[See 43 G. 3. c. 88. to which this Ad isjfimilar, mutatis mutandis. J

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Adi to make Provifion, in certain Cafes, for the Wives and Families of ballotted Men, Subflitutes, and Volunteers, ferv-ing in the Militia of Ireland.	[10th June	1809.]

*	TTTHEREAS it 19 expedient to make fome Provifion for the ‘ YV Families of Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, and Private*

*	ferving in the Militia of Ireland, when called out into adiual Service ;

*	and the Laws at prefent in force are inefficient for the Purpofe;* Be it therefore enadied by the King's moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Commencement of this prefent Adi, an A61 made in the Forty-third Year of His prefent Majefty's Reign, intituled, An A8 to make Provifion in certain Cafes for the Wives and Families of Militia Men, Subflitutes, and Volunteers, ferving in the Militia of Ireland ; and alfo an Adi made in the Forty-fourth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, to amend the faid recited Adi of the Forty-third Year, (hall be and the fame are hereby repealed, fave fo far as the fame or either of them repeal or repeals any former Adi of Parliament, or any Charge, Matter, or Thing therein ; and alfo fave as to the Payment and Allowance on account of any Sum or Sums of Monty which (hall have become due before the faid Time under or by virtue of the faid Adis or either of them, and the obtaining the proper and neceffary Voucher for receiving or vouching any fuch Paymeot ; and alfo fave as to any Offence which (hall or may before that Time have been committed againft the faid Adis or either of them, and any Proceeding to be taken for the Punifhment of the Offender or Offenders, or the recovering or levying any Penalty for or by reafon of any fuch Offence ; and alfo fave as to any Allowance to any Father, Mother, Brothers, or Sifters of any Militia Man who (hall be ferving in the faid Militia at the Time of the palling of this Adi, and which Allowance (hall continue to be paid under the Provifions of the faid recited Adb ; and alfo fave as hercin-after mentioned.

II.	And be it further enadied, That whenever the Militia of any County, City, or Place in Ireland\ (hall be embodied and called ont

*	into

189

Commencement of the

43	G. 3. e. 14S.

44	G. 3. c. 34. repealed, except as to A&s done under them.

Allowances to the Families of



190

Militia Men inarched out of their C-ountica, on Certificate of Commanding Officer.

Allowance payable only for* Wife and Two Children, or 4s. in the Whole.

Families of Subftitutes marrying without Confent of Officers not entitled to Kelief.

Two Juftices, on Production of Certificate, may order Allowance tO“be jiaid.

C* 86.	49°	GEO.	III.	A.Dii8o9.

into a£tual Service, and any Man ferving or enrolled therein as a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, or as a baliottcd Man, Subllitute, or Volunteer, (hall have left a Family lefs able in conf<q’Cnce of his Abfence to fupport themfclves, and the Colonel or other Commanding Officer (hall give a Certificate in Writing in the Manner and Form lierein-aiter contained and fet forth, which (hail be counterfigned by the Adjutant of fuch Regiment or Battalion, then and in fuch Cafe every fuch Militia Man's Family, the Requifices here in-after mentioned being firlt duly performed, (hall be entitled to and (hall receive during his Abfence on a&ual Service the Weekly Allowance following, (that is to fay), after the Rate of One Shilling for every Child born in Wedlock, and under the Age of Ten Years, not exceeding the Numbers her:in-after mentioned refpeftively ; and of Two Shillings for the Wife of fuch Man, it he (hall be a ballo ted Man ; and of One Shilling for the Wife of any fuch Man who fhall not be a ballotted Man ; the faid Allow nee to the Wife io either of the faid Cafes to be paid whether fuch Man (hall or (hall not have any Child or Children, provided (he does not follow the Regiment; and the Form of the aforefaid Certificate (hall be as follows :

*	J	Colonel	[or	Commanding Officer, as the

*	Cafe may he] of the	M’litia, do hereby	ccr-

*	tify, That A.B. a Serjeant [Corporal, Drummer, or Private, bal-

*	lotted Man, Sobftitute, or Volunteer, as the Cafe may be“\ in the

*	faid Militia, was calitd out into a&ual Service, and did, on the

*	Day	of	march	from

‘ and is now abfent on Service from the faid County [Town, City,

*	or Place, as the Cafe may bc~\ and that he hath declared to me that

*	his Family refides at	and	confifts	of

*	and that by his Abfence they are rendered lefs able to fiiDport them-‘ felves; and I do certify that the faid A.B. never deftrted from the 4 faid Militia.’

III.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That the Wife of any Militia Man fo ordered on a&ual Service (hall not be entitled to the aforefaid Weekly Allowance of One Shilling for each Child, for more than Two Children ; and in cafe there (hall be no Wife of fuch Mil'tia Man living, the Weekly Allowance to the Children of fuch Militia Man (hall not exceed the Sum of Four Shillings in the Whole.

IV.	Provided aifo, and be it further ena&ed, That no Allowance under this A£t (hall be given or ordered to be given to the Family of any Subflitute or Volunteer who fhall have married after the Time of his being called out into a£ual Service, unlefs fuch Marriage (hall have taken place with the Confent of the Colonel or Commanding Offker of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which fuch Man (hall belong, and that fuch Confent (hall have been certified under the Hand of fuch Colonel or other Commanding Officer, and no fuch Certificate as aforefaid (hall be granted to any fuch Subflitute or Volunteer who (hall have fo married while on actual Service without fuch Confent firft had and obtained as aforefaid.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for any Two Juflices of the Peace acting in and for the Barony or Half Barony, Town, City, or Piace in which the faid Family (hall refide, on the Production of any fuch Certificate, to inquire into the Circum-ftances of the Family of the Militia Man to whom fuch Certificate (hall

l	'	have

 c^ooQle

A.D.1809.	49° GEO. III.	C.86	lpr

have been granted, whether they refide in the Parifh or Place mentioned in the' Declaration of fuck Militia Man ; and if on fuch Inquiry they fhall find that fuch Family do fo refide, and if fuch Juftices (hall be of Opinion that fuch Family is lefs able to fupport itfeltin confluence of the Abfence of fuch Militia Man, they fhall then indorfe fuch their Opinion in Writing under their Hands, on the Back of the faid Certificate, with the Date of the Month and Year, and fhall fubjoin thereto an Order, requiring that the feveral Allowances herein mentioned, after the Rate aforefaid, fhall be paid to fuch Family, fpecifying in fuch Order the Names and Ages of each Perfon of the faid Family entitled to receive the fame; and fuch Certificates, with the Opinions and Orders, of fuch Juftices thereon, fhall be forthwith depofited by the Perfon or Perfons (ecking Benefit thereby, or fome of them, ot fome Perfon orPerfonson their, his, or her Behalf, with the Colltdlpr of the publick Cef, in fuch Barony or Half Barony, or the Trcafurer of fuch City or Town,

VI.	And be it further enabled, That at the Expiration of Three Such Orders of Calendar Months next after the Date of any fuch Order of fuch Juf- Juftices {hall b« tices, Application (hall be made by fuch Baronial Colle&or or Trea- renewed every furer to the Juftices who fhall have made fuch Order, or te any ^lrceMonths, other Two Juftices of the Peace a&ing in and for fuch Barony or

Half Barony; and on Produ&ion of the original Certificate aforefaid, and of the Order fo firft made thereon, it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftices to make a frefh Inquiry into the C'rcumftar.ces of fuch Family ; and if fuch Circumftances are not altered, fuch Juftices fhall on the Back of fuch original Certificate, and at the Foot of fuch Firft Order, fign their Names in Affirmance and Renewal of the fame, with the Date of the Month and Year; or if it {bail be made appear to fuch Juftices that the Circumftances of fuch Family are any Way altered, fuch Juftices fhall make a new Order for fuch Allowance as aforefaid, fpecifying the Names and Ages of each Perfon of fuch Family entitled to the fame at the Time of fuch Order; and fo after the Expiration of every Three Calendar Months a like Inquiry and Order fhall, fr ‘m Time to Time, be made and renewed or altered by Two Juftices of fuch Barony or Half Barony, fo long as any fuch Allowance fhall be made on Behalf bf fuch Family.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That every fuch Baronial Coilec- Baronial Cof-

tor or Tre2furer fhall, from Time to Time, within Three Days after le&or, &c. flnll any fuch Order or Orders fhall be made by fuch Juftices, prepare and fend Order and fign an Abftr^dl of every fuch Order, and fhall forthwith deliver or Abftra<ft thereof fend fuch Abftradt duly dated by him to the Colle&orof His Msjefty’s	,,

Excife for the Diftriii in which fuch Barony, Half Barony, Town, or comuerfio-i^the City fhall be fituate, together with every luch Certificate and Order Order, and file thereupon ; and fuch Collector of Excife having compared fuch Ab- the Abftracft. ftradt with fuch Order fhali, if the fame fhall agree therewith, counter-

fign every fuch Order, and forthwith reftore the fame to fuch Baronial Colle&or or Treafurcr, or to the Perfon by whom the fame was fent, and fhall then counterfign and file fuch Abftratft, and (hall keep the fame as a Voucher for his future Payments in Manner hercin-after mentioned.

VIII.	And be it ena^ed, That every fuch Baronial Colle&or or Baronial Col-Treafnrer, on obtaining any fuch Order fo counterfigned by fuch Col- le&or {hall pay lc&or of Excife, fhnll from Time to Time pay the feveral Allowances Allowances ac-mentioned ia fuch Order to fuch Family, fave as herein-after mentioned, cordingly.

until

 i^ooQle

Allowance* frail

W paid Weekly.

Allowances frail fee repaid Quarterly by Col lectors of Excife.

If Baronial Collector, 8cc. has not Money in Hand, he frail certify fame to Collector of Ex-«ife, who flia.11 thereupon pay Allowances.

Abftraft of all Orders frail be tranfmitted by Coiled or to the Clerk of tlve Peace, and Orders may be cancelled or varied by the Seffions.

C. 86«	49*	GEO*	III*	A.D. 1809.

until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after the Dat of fuch Ordtr, except in the Cafes herein-aftcr mentioned.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That the Allowances under and by virtue of this A ft (hall be claimed and paid weekly; and that no Wife of any fuch Militia Man, nor any other Perfon on Behalf of fuch Wife, or of the Family of any fuch Militia Mao, fhall be entitled to receive at aoy one Time more thati Two Weeks Arrears of any Allowance to fuch Wife and Family under or by virtue of this Aft.

X.	And be it further enafted, That every fuch Weekly Allowance to be paid under this A& by fuch Baronial Colleaor or Treafurer refpeftmly to the Family of any Militia Man, (hall be repaid Quarterly to fuch Baronial ColUftor and Treafurer refpeftively by the Colleftor of His Mr.jefty’s Excife for the Diftrift in which fuch Barony, Town, or City fhall be fituate out of any publick Money in his Hands ; and the Sums fo paid by fuch Collector of Excife fhall be allowed to him in his Accounts, on fuch Colleftor of Excife producing the Receipts of fuch Baronial Colicftor or Treafurer rtfptftively for the fame, and alfo producing the feveral other Documents by this A ft required to be kept by him.

XI.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That if fuch Baronial Colleftor or Treafurer fhall not at the Time when any Application fhall be made to him to pay any Allowances under this Aft, have in his Hands fufiicient Money for Payment of the fame, fuch Colleftor or Treafurer fhall and may and is hereby required, from Time to Time as Occalion fhall require, to certify the fame to the Colleftor. of the Excife for the Diftrift, and it fhall thereupon be lawful for the faid Colleftor of the Excife, and he is hereby authorized and required to remit or pay out of fuch pufchck Monies as may be in his Hands, to the faid Baronial Colleftor or Treafurer refpeftively, at lead Once in every Month, a Sum fufiicient to fatisfy and pay the Monthly Amount of the Sums which fhall then be payable under and by virtue of the feveral Abdrafts which fhall then be in his Pofleffion under the Pro-vifions of this Aft.

XII.	And be it further enafted.. That every fuch Baronial Colleftor fhall tranfmit to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Town, or City within which the Barony for which he is Colleftor fhall be fituate, and the Treafurer of any Town or City fhall tranfmit to the Clerk of the Peace there, ThreeDays previous to each Quarter Sefiions, an Abllraft of all Orders which he fhall have received as aforefaid fince the lad preceding Quarter Seffions, to be by the faid Clerk of the Peace laid before the Juftices at fuch Sefiions, and it fhall be lawful for the Judices there to fet afide or alter any fuch Order of any fuch Judices, which upon due Inquiry in open Court upon Oith* fhall appear to have been fraudulently obtained, or not to be warranted by this Aft ; and in any fuch Cafe, fuch Judices at fuch Seffions fhall make an Order that fuch Baronial Colleftor or Treafurer fhall bring in or caufe to be brought in the Order of fuch Judices, and deliver the fame to the Clerk of the Peace for fuch County, City, Town, or Place 3 and fuch Colleftor or Treafuier fhall within Seven Days after the Service of fuch Order on him, bring in and deliver, or caufe to be brought in and delivered, the faid Order of fuch Juftices accordingly, to fuch Clerk of the Peace, who fhall then cancel the faid Order, if the fame fhall be wholly fet afide, or if the fame fhall be altered, he

 C.ooQle

ftull write under the fame a Copy* of the Order for altering the fame, and fhali in that Cafe reftore the fame to fuch Baronial Colle&or or Treafurer, who (hall proceed thereupon, and the fame (hall be counter-finned in the fame Manner in all Refpe&s as is herein-before dire&ed with refpe& to any fuch Order.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it eaa&ed. That if fuch Baronial Collector or Treafurer refpe&ively (hall have Reafon to believe or (hall receive Notice from the Co.le&or of Excife of the Diftrid, that he has Reafon to believe that by the Death of any of the Family of any Militia Man, or by any other Circumftance, the Allowance to fuch Family ought to be (topped or leflened in Amount, then and in either of fuch Cafes it (hall be lawful for fuch Baronial Colle&or or Treafurer, and he is hereby required to ftop or leflen fuch Allowance accordingly, until Two Julticea of the Peace (hall direct him otherwife by Writing under theij* Hands and Seals.

XIV.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That no Allowance (hall be ordered or paid under this A6t to the Wife or Family of any Perfon ferving in the Militia for any longer Period than fuch Perfon fhali continue to ferve and remain embodied in a&ual Service 5 nor in any Cafe in which the Wife, in refpect of or by whom any fuch Relief is demanded, (hall follow the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps in which her Hufband (hall ferve.

XV.	4 And, in order to prevent Frauds in anv of the Matters afore-faid,* be it ena&ed, That the Adjutant of every Regiment or Battalion of Militia (hall keep a Regifter of all Certificates whxh (hall from Time to Time be granted by the Colonel or other Commanding Officer as aforefaid.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That every Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, and Private, to whom fuch Certificate (hall have been given, fhali on fome Day between the Seventeenth and Twenty-fourth Day of every Month, deliver or caufe to be delivered to the Adjutant of bis Regimeftt, or to the Perfon a&ing as fuch, a Return in Writing fubferibed by bimfelf either With his Name or Mark, and ftating whether, fince the obtaining fdeb Certificate or fince his laft Return, any, and if any, then how many, and which of his Faroi’y, and of what Ages refpedtively* have or hath died, or have or hath received or become entitled to any and what Maintenance, Provifion, or Property, and to what Amount, and whether his Wife, if he be married, follows the Regiment; and every Change that (hail take place in any of the faid Refpe&s in the Family of any fuch Militia Man (hall be noted by fuch Adjutant in his Regiftcr aforefaid, according to fuch Return, or according to the Truth, if the fame (hall have come to his Knowledge by any other Means.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Adjutant of every Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of the faid Militia, (hall within Seven Days after the Twenty-fourth Day of every Month during the Time the Militia to which he (hall belong (hall remain embodied or in a&ual Service, make a Return to each and every Colle&or of Excife within whofe Diftri& the Family of any Militia Man in his Regiment entitled to any of the faid Allowances (hall refide, and (hall in every fuch Return fet forth a particular Lilt of fuch Promotions and Vacancies, and of fuch Deaths, Defertions, and other Cafualties, if any, as may have occurred among fuch of the Militia Men of the faid Regiment as (hall

49 Gee. III.	O	have

Baronial Collector lhall ftop Allowance in cafe of Death, &c.

Allowance (hall continue only during the Service of Militia Man.

Adjutant (hall regifter Certi-fic|tes.

Militia Men ihali make Monthly Returns to Adjutants as to the Slate of thur Families.

Adjutant (hall make Monthly Returns to Collector of Excife, of Promotions, Vacancies, 8tc.

 LjOOQle

*94

Colleger of Ex-ciic (hall acknowledge and note the Adjutant'* Returns, and tranfrait them to the Baronial Colle&or, &c.

In Default of receiving Monthly Returns and Quarterly Order* of Juft ices, the Allowances Audi be flopped.

Allowance (hall be tpid according to Returns.

Certificates and Orders under former A<fts, Hull be proceeded on as if made under thi* Act.

49® GEO. III.	A.D.iSc#.

have declared their Families to be refident within the Diftrid of the Coiledor to whom fuch Return is fo made, and of ah fuch Alterations as may have taken place in the Family of any of them in Manner herein-before mentioned ; and if no fuch Promotion, Vacancy, Death, Defertion, Cafualty, or Alteration (hall have happened, then fuch Adjutant (hall by fuch Return certify to that Effect.

XVIII.	And be it enaded, That every fuch Coiledor of Excife (hall immediately on the Receipt of any fuch Return, tranfmit to every fuch Adjutant a written Acknowledgment of the Receipt thereof, fpecifying the Date thereof, and (hill forthwith enter at the Foot of each Abftrad fo filed by him as aforefaid, all new Matters refpedively which (hall be noted in fuch Return as aforefaid, and (hall thertupnn fign the faid Return, and fend or deliver the fame to the proper Baronial Coiledor or Treafurer as aforefaid, who (hall alfo enter the faid Matters at the Foot of the Orders made by Jullices of Peace fo kept by him refpedively, and (hall then fign the faid Return, and return the fame to the faid Coiledor of Excife, who (hall £le the fame together with the Abftrad* aforefaid.

XIX.	And be it enaded, That from and after the Firft Day of every Month no Payment (hall be made by any fuch Baronial Collector or Treafurer to the Family of any Militia Man until fuch Return as aforefaid for the preceding Month (hall have been fo received from the Adjutant of the Regiment to which fuch Militia Man (hall belong, or the Perfon ading as fuch, and fo fent or delivered to fuch Baronial Collector or Treafurer as aforefaid ; and that from and after the End of every Three Calendar Months from the Date of any Order of Two Juftices as aforefaid, no Payment (hall be made by any fuch Baronial Coiledor or Treafurer to the Family of any Militia Man until a new Order of Two Juftices of the Peace (hall have been received by fuch Baronial Collector or Treafurer in Manner aforefaid.

XX.	And be it further enaded, That when any fuch Entry (hall be duly made at the Foot of any fuch Order or Abftrad, or any Alteration (hall be made in any fuch Order, then and from thenceforth fuch weekly Sum, and no other, (hall be paid and payable to the Family therein mentioned, as would have been payable to the faid Family by the Provifions of this Ad if an Order for Payment had been made and given by Two Juftices, according to the Circumftadces of fuch Family at the Time of making fuch Entry or Alteration.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That all Certificates granted under the faid recited Ads of the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of His Majelty’s Reign, and all Orders made by any Juftices thereon in Manner provided by the faid Ads or either of them, fhali ftand and be good, valid, and effedaal as if made under this Ad > and that the fevcral Baronial Colledors and Treafurers with whom the faid Certificates and Orders (hall have been depofited, or who now have the Cuftody thereof refpedively, (hall immediately after the Commencement of this Ad fend the fame, together with Abftrads thereof, to the Collcdors of Excife of their refpedive Did rids in Manner hercia-before mentioned, and as if the fame had been granted and made under this Ad; and all further and fubfequent Proceedings fhall be taken thereon, and all Sums which (hall afterwards become due thereunder (hail be paid in the fame Manner in all Refpeds and iubjed to all the fame Reftridions, Conditions, Rules, Regulations,

aad

 i^.ooQle

*91

A.D. 1869.*	49°	GEO.	III.	C.8<J.

and Provifions as are herein contained, in the fame Manner in all Re-fpefts as if the fame had been granted and made refpeftivcly under this Aft and not otherwife.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That in order to recompenfe the faid Baronial Colleftors, Treafurers of Counties or Cities, for the Trouble and Expence which they may feverally incur by virtue of this Aft, it (hall be lawful for the Grandjury of each County, Town, or City, at each Affizes, and for the Grand Juries of the County of Dublin, and County of the City of Dublin, at each Prefenting Term, to prefent any Sums they fhall think reasonable to be raifed off the County at large, to be applied and paid as fuch Grand Juries (hall direft, to the faid refpeftive Collectors and Treafurers, ever and above all Sums or Allowances to which they or ary of them are or may be (Entitled by virtue of any other Law or Laws then in force, as a Reward for their Trouble and Ex pence in carrying the Provifions of this Aft into Execution : Provided always, that fuch Grand Jury fhall be fatisfied by the Oaths of fuch ColleftorS and Treafurers refpeftively, br otherwife, that fuch Collectors and Treafurers have duly paid the fcveral Allowances to the Families of Militia Men, in Manner direfted by this Aft.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted. That if any Colleftor of a Baronial Cefs, Treafurer, Clerk of the Peace, Officer of the Peace, or Colleftor of Excife, fhall wilfully negleft or refufe to carry the Provifions of this Aft or any of them into Execution, and ihall be thereof convifted by Presentment or Indiftment at the Affixes, or, if in the County or City of t)ub!tn, in the Court of King’s Bench, every fuch Perfon fo offending fhall be fined, at the Difcretion of the Court, any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted, That if any Colleftor of the Batonial Cefs, or Treafurer of a County or C ty, fhdl on Demand duly made, refufe or negleft to pay and fatisfy any Sum or Sums of Money then payable to the Family of any Militia Man by virtue of this Aft, every fuch Colleftor or Treafurer fo refufmg or neglefting to make fuch Payment, fhall for every fuch Negleft forfeit the Sum bf Five Pounds, to be recovered upon Conviftion of the faid Offender before any Juftice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, where the Offence fhaii be committed; which faid Juftice i9 hereby authorized and required, upon Information exhibited, or Complaint made by the Party aggrieved in that Behalf, to fummon the Party accufed, and to examine into the Matter of Faft, and upon Proof thereof, on the Oath of one Witnefs, not being the Party entitled to receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, to give Judgment for fuch Penalty, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, in cafe the fame fhall not be forthwith paid, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Juftice, caufing the Overplus (if any), after dedpfting the Charges ot fuch Diftrefs and Sale, to be rendered to the Parry, and the Penalty fo adjudged fhall be paid to the Ufe of the Party fo aggrieved as aforefaid.

XXV.	And be it enafted* That every fuch Conviftion fhall be in the Form here following, or in fomc other Form of Words ot t}ic fame Import; (that is to fay ) ;

:be* remembered, That A. B. Colleftor of Cefs in the Barony 4 of	iii the County of	[or	Treafurer

1 of the County of the Town of	or	County	of	the	City

O 2	*	of

Grand Juries fhall make Pre-

fen tments for

Colleftor**

Trouble.

Penalty on

Officers for Negleft, 50lj

Penalty on Baronial Colleftor, &c. not paying Allowances, Si.

Form of Conviftion for fuch Offence.



I gS

i

Secretary at War fhall ilTue the Sum necelTary for the Pay of

the Regular and Local Militia, aeircrcling to the Rates herein jacutioned.

C.86,87.	490	GEO.	III.	A.D.1809.

*	of	as	the Cafe may IS] is convi&ed before me C. D.

4 one of the Jnftices of the Peace tor the laid County, of not having

*	paid the Weekiv Allowance due on the	Day	of

*	laft paft, to th" Family of	a	Snjeant,	[C	>rpora!,

4 Drummer, or Private, as the Cafe may he] a&ually ferving in the

*	Regiment of Mihtia, although the fame was duly demanded of him

4 on the	Day	of	laft	paft.	Witnefs my Hand

4 and Seal this	Day	of	in the Year	•

And every fuch Convi&ion on the faid or any other Form of the fame Import (hall be good and fufficitnt in Law.

44 Ad may be altered this Seflion. § 26. Commencement of Ad 44 One Month after pafling. § 27.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Ad for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia and Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nine. [10th June 1809.]

4 ^TTHEREAS it is neerflary that Provifion fhould be made for 4 VV defraying the Charge of the Pay and Ciothing of thr Regular 4 Militia (when difembodud) and Local Militia in Great Britain, for 4 One Year from the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thoufand 4 eight hundred and eight Be it therefore enaded by the King's moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, .in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That in every County, Riding, or Place in England, and in every County, Stewartiy, City, or Place in Scotland, where the Regular Militia or Local Militia is or (hall be railed, the Secretary at War for the Time being is hereby authorized and empowered, and required to caufe to be ifTued ana paid the whole Sum required for the Regular Militia (when difembodicd) and Local Militia refpc&ivelv, in the Manner and for the feveral Ufis herein-after mentioned ; (that is to fay), for the Pay of the faid Regular Militia or Local Militia at the Rate of Eight Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed; and at the Rate of Five Shillings a Day for each Quarter-Mailer, where a Q^arter-Mafter is appointed ; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Sixpence a Day for each Serjeant refident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, with the Addition of Two Shillings and Sixpence a Week for each Serjeant Major, where a Serjeant-Major is appointed ; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Two-pence a Day for each Corporal fo refident as aforefaid ; and at the Rate of One Shilling a Day for each Drummer fo refident as aforefaid, with the Addition of Sixpence a Day for each Drum-M?jor, where a Drum-Major is apoointed; and alfo at the Rate of Four-pence per Man for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps; and alfo for the Clothing of the Regular Militia (when difembodied) or Local Militia for fuch County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, at the Rate of Four Pounds Ten Shillings for each Serjeant-Major, Two Pounds for each Corporal, Four Pounds One Shilling and Nine-pence for each Drum-Major, Three Pounds One Shilling and Nine-pence for each Drummer, and One Pound Nineteen Shillings and Sixpence for each Private Man; and that



Google

A.D.x8o^

49° GEO. IIL

C.87.

fuch Serjeant-Majors, Drum-Majors, Corporals, and Drummers who may be retained on conftant Pay, and refident at Head-Quarters, fhall be clothed Once in Two Years: Provided always, that when any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer fhall be abfent on Furlough or Licence, fuch Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer fhall, during fuch Abfence, receive Pay at the following Rates inftead of thofe above-mentioned ; (that is to fay), every Serjeant the Sum of One Shilling a Day, every Corporal the Sum of Eight-pence per Day, and every Drummer the Sum of Sixpence per Day refpedtively, and no more; and it fhall be lawful for the Secretary at War to caufe any fuch Pay to be from Time to Time iffued in Advance, for any Period not exceeding Four Months from the Time for which fuch Advances fhall be made.

II.	And bt it further ena&ed, That there fhall be granted to the Surgeon of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Regular Militia when difembodied, and Local Militia, a Sum of Money in addition to his Pay, after the Rate of One Guinea for every One hundred Men of each fuch Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, for the Expence of neeefTary Medicines for the fick, Non-commiffioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men of fuch Regiment, Battalion, or Corps during the Period or Periods of AfTembly tor annual Exercife or Training; and Sixpence per Month for each of the Non-commiffioned Officers and Drummers of any fuch Regiment, Battalion, or Corps on conftar.t Pay at Head-Quarters, for the Expence of neeefTary Medicines and Attendance given to the Non-commiffioned Officers and Drummers on conftant Pay at Head-Quarters, while fuch Regiment, Battalion, or Corps is not called out for annual Training and Exercife.

III.	And be it further enabled, That the Quarter-Mafter or Battalion-Clerk to each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, or Local Militia, fhall have the Charge and Care of the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, Neceffaries, and other Stores, under the Superinteridance of the Colonel or Commandant; and fhall, out of the Money hereby dire&ed to be iffued and paid for defraying the contingent Expences of fuch Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, from Time to Time iffue out and pay fuch Sums of Money as may be neeefTary for the Repair of Arms, upon an Order in Writing figned by the Colonel or other Commandant, and after Payment of fuch Sums as fhall be drawn upon him by the Colonel or ochei Commandant as aforefaid, he fhall Three Times in the Year make up Accounts of all fuch Money, and the Expenditure thereof, and the Balance remaining in his Hands $ which faid Balance fhall form a Stock Purfe for the Ufe of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, and tranfmit the fame to the Colonel or other Commandant of fuch Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, to be by him examined, allowed, and figned ; and the faid Accounts, fo allowed and figned, fhall be and are hereby dire&ed to be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of fuch Quarter-Mafter or Battalion Clerk, for the Application and Difpofal ot fuch Money.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That the Officers and Non-commiffioned Officers and private Men of the Regular Militia and Local Militia, when not drawn out and embodied, fhall be entitled to the fame Pay and Allowance as the Regular Militia when drawn out and embpdied: Provided always, that the faid Pay and Allowances fhall only extend to fuch Period or Periods for which the faid Regular Mmtia or Local Militia fhall be called out for the Purpofe of annual Exercife or Training, or whei\ called out for fuppreQing Riots or

Q 3	Tumults,

197

Rates of Pay to Sejjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, when abfent 00 Fur lew‘•h.

Allowance to Surgeons.

Quarter-Mafter or Battalion-Clerk fhall hay© the Charge of Arms, Clothing), &c. and account-Three Times a Year for contingent Money ! ilfued to him.

Balance (hall form & Stock > Purfe for the Regiment*

Pay to Militia (when not embodied) fhall he only during ^ the Period-when called oufe for annual Kxcrcife or Training, &C.

 L^ooQie

ij>8

C.87.

49’ GEO. HI.

A-D>1809.

All Money {hall be iflucd under Dire&ious of the Secretary at War.

*9 G. 3. c. 37.

%2 G. 3. c. 90*

Tumults, exelufivieof the Days of.trrivingtt and t)eparture from, and marching to rnd from the Place appointed for Exercife 5 any Thing in any A& or Act: of Parliament to the contrary not with ttanding.

V.	And he ;t further ena&ed, That all Suips of Money granted

for the Pay, Clothing, and contingent Expellees for the Regular Militia	tldembodied), and Local Militia as aforefaid, (hail be

iflucd and pa d under the Diredion of the Secretary at War, who is hereby empowered to ifTue fuch Regulations as ht may deem it expedient to ad pt, from Time to Time, in that Behalf.

VI.	* And Whereas in purfuance of an Ad pafled in the prefent

*	Scfiion of Parliament, intituled, An A:l for incrcofing the Rates of 4 Subfjlence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers,

*	certain increafed Rates are allowed for the Payment of Innholders

*	and others on whom Non-commiflioned Officers and private Soldiers 4 may, by virtue of an Ad pafled aifo in the prefert Scffion of Parlia-

*	meat, for punifhing Mutiny and Dcfertiop, and for the better Pay-

*	ment of the Army and their Quarters, be quartered in that Part of 4 the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, 4 the Dominion of Wales* and the Town of Berwick upon-Tweed 4 And whereas by an Ad pafled in the Forty-fecond Year of the 4 Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An A8 for amending the 4 Laws relating to the Militia in England, andfor augmenting the Muitia ; 4 the Officers, Non commiflioned Officers, Drummers, and private 4 Men of the faid Militia, when called out to annual Exercife, are 4 required to be quartered and billet ted in Inns, Livery Stables, 4 Alchoufes, Vidualling Houfes, and all Houfes of Perfons felling 4 Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder, Wine, or Metheglin by Retail;* Be it enaded. That the Innholders and others on whom the faid Non-commiffioned Officers, Drummers, and private Men of the Regular Militia (when difembodied), or Local Militia (hall be fo quartered and billetted, fhall be entitled to and receive the fame Rates of Allowance for each Serjeant-Major, Drum-Major, Serjeant, Corpora), Drummer, and private Man fo quartered and billetted upon them, during the Time of their remaining aflcmbled for Exercife as aforefaid, and under the fame Rules and Regulations as fuch Innboiders or others may now, by the above-mentioned Ad for the Relief of Innkeepers, demand and receive for the Non-commifficned Officers, Drummers, and private Soldiers of the Regular lwfantry, in the refpedive Cafes of their furnifhing them with Diet and Small Beer, or fupplying them in lieu thereof with the Articles fpecified in the faid Ad for punifhing Mutiny and Defertion ; and the Secretary at War is hereby authorized and required to fupply the neceffary Funds to defray the Charge of the Allowances fo to be made to the faid Innholders and others : Provided always, that each of the Non-fjofrmiffioncd Officers, Drummers, and private Men who fhall be furmfhed with Diet and Small Beer as aforefaid, fhall contribute towards the Expence thereof, the like Proportion of his Pay and Beer Money as is or fhall be contributed in.the like Cafe by the Non-commiffioned Officers, Drummers, and Soldiers of the Regular Infantry.

Perfons on Half- VII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That aBy Perfon being on Naval or Military Half-pay, or being entitled to any Al-mavreceivedie l°wance as	fervtd in any of His Majefty’s Forces, or Navy

Pa/allowed	^ Marines, and Jerving in the Local Militia, fhall and may, and he

by this A&.	is hereby empowered, to receive and take the Subfiftencc Money by

this

Same Rates fhall be paid to Innkeepers for hllletting the Militia as are allowed for the Regulars.

Punds fhall be provided by Secretary at

Hv.

 UooQle

A»D.i8o<?*	49°	GEO.	III.	C.	87-	$99

this A&direfted to be paid to Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants,

Enfigns, Adjutants, Quarter-Matters, Surgeons; and the receiving and taking any fuch Subfittence-Money by any fuch Field Officer,

Captain, Lieutenant, Enfign, Quarter Matter, Surgeon, (hall not be deemed receiving or taking of Pay fo as in any Manner to prevent fuch Perfon on Half-pay, or being entitled to any fuch Allowance, from receiving his Half^pay or fuch Allowance; and fuch Perfon fhall lake the following Oath before forae Juiiice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered to adminitter the fame:

1 T A* B. do fwear, that I had not between the	and

*	the	any	Place or Employment of Profit, Civil

4 or Military, under His Majefty, befides my Allowance of Half-pay

*	as a Reduced	in His M-jetty's Navy, [or, in the

4 Marines], [or, in	late Regiment of	],

*	or, Allowance as	in	late	Troop of Horfe

4 Guards], [or,	Regiment of Horfe	Reduced], fave

4 and except my Subfiftence [as a Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant,

4 Enfign, Adjutant, or Quarter-Mailer, Surgeon, as the Cafe may £*],

4 for ferving in the Local Militia of the County of	.*

And the taking the faid Oath fhall be fufficient to entitle fuch Perfon to receive his Half-pay or the faid Allowance, without taking any other Oath; any Law, TJfage, or Cuttom to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if any But when Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Regular Militia, or Local Militia, embodied the (hall be drawn out and embodied, then and during fuch Time only Half-pay fhafl/ as fuch Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Enfign, Adjutant, ceafe# Quarter-Matter, Surgeon, entitled to any fuch Half-pay or Allowance as aforefatd, (hall receive the full annual Pay of their refpr&ive Commi(lions or Situations in the Regular Militia or Local Militia, fuch Half pay and Allowances as aforefaid (hah ceafe and determine.

IX* Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That no Non. Militia Men commifltoned Officer or private Man in the Regular Militia or Local may continue to Militia entitled to receive any Chelfea Penlions or Allowance, (hall receive Cheifea forfeit or lofe his Right to the fame by reafon of hts ferving and re- *en“ou^ ceiving Pay in the Regular Militia or Local Militia.

X.	f And whereas Perfons appointed to a& as Adjutants in the « Regular Militia may by Age or Infirmity be rendered incapable of 4 doing the Duty thereof; and it is expedient that fome Provifion 4 (hould be made for them in confideration of their former Services Be it ena&td, That if any Adjutant of Regular Militia, who (hall have Allowance t6 ferved faithfully either in His Majefly's Regu ar Forces or in the Adjutants in Regular Militia, for the full Term of Thirty Years in the Whole, the Regular Fifteen of which he fhall have ftrved as an Adjutant of Regular Militia, MHuia after 30 fhall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, he (i^hereofin (hall, on producing to the Receiver-General of the Land Tax for the the Militia), County, Riding, or Place to which fuch Regular Militia fhall belong 6s. per Day. if in England, or to the Receiver-General for Scotland if in Scotland% a Certificate of fuch Service of Thirty Years as aforelaid, from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he fhall have belonged* be entitled to receive, and the Receivers General aforefaid refpe&ively (hall be, and they are hereby authorized and required, to fay to fgQh Puffin producing fuch Certificate *8 aforefaid, an Allow-

0 4	ancc

 v^»ooQle

ICO

C.87.

GEO. in.

A.D.i8o$£

Allowance to Adjutants of reduced Regiment* Us. per Pay.

Allowance to Surgeons after tfO Years Service, as. per Pay.

Receivers-G'eneral of the Land Tax (hall pay the Allowances to the Clerks of the General and Sub-divifion Meetings.

•nee at the Rate of Six Shillings per Day: Provided always, that rto Perfon (hall be entitled to receive fuch Allovrar.ee as aforefaid, who (hall have ferved for a lefa Term than Fifteen Years as an Adjutant of Regular Militia, or who (hall hold any Office or Employment

of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majefty, except as Regimental or Battalion Clerk of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Regular Militia.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company (hall have already ceafed and determined, or been reduced in its Eftabliffimcnt, or (hall ceafe and determine, or be reduced in its Effablithment, during the Continuance of this Ad, the Sum of Three Shillings per Diem (hall be paid to fuch Perfon as has adually ferved as Adjutant to fuch Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independant Company, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufimd eight hundred and nine, or from the Time fuch Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independant Company fhall ceafe and determine, or be reduced in its Eflaolifhment, as the Cafe .may be, to the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten.

XII.	1 And whereas Perfons appointed to ad as Surgeons in the

*	Regular Miiilia may by Age or Infirmity be rendered incapable of

*	doing the Duty thereof, and it is expedient that fome Provifion

*	fhould be made for them in confideration of their former Services Be it ena&ed, That if any Surgeon of Regular Militia, having faithfully ferved in the Militia for the full Term of Thirty Years, (hail by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, he (hall, on producing to the Receiver-General of the L*nd Tax for the County, Riding, or Place to which fuch Regular'Militia (hall belong if in England, or to the Receiver-General for Scotland if in Scotland, a Certificate of fuch Service of Thirty Years as aforefaid, from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he (hall have belonged, be entitled to receive, and the Receiverg-General aforefaid refpe&ively (hail be, and they are hereby authorized and required, to pay to fuch Perfon producing fuch Certificate as aforefaid, an Advance at the Rate of Three Shillings a Day: Provided always, That no Perfon (hall be entitled to receive fuch Allowance as aforefaid, who (hall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majefty.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That in every County, Riding, or Place in England, where the Regular Militia or Local Militia is or (hall be railed, the Receiver or Receivere-General of the Land Tax for fuch County, Riding, or Place refpe&ivdy, and in every County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Scotland, where the Regular Militia or Local Militia is or (hall be railed, the Receiver-General for Scotland fhall iffue and pay the whole Sums required for the refpe&ive Allowances to the Clerks of the General Meetings, and Clerks of the feveral Sub'divifion Meetings in England, at the Rates following; that is to fay, to the Clerk of the General Meetings, at the Rate of Five Pounds Five Shillings for each Meeting; and to the feveral Clerks of the Subdivifion Meetings, at the Rate of One Pound One Shilling for each Meeting ; and fuch further Allowance (hall be made to fuch refpe&ive General and Sub divifion Clerks, for their Expences and Trouble in amending the Returns of Perfons returned liable to ferve iu the Regular Militia or Local Militia, by taking out the Names pf

a&

 C^ooQle

A.D.iScp*	496	GEO.	lit	€.67;	£01

all Perfons who may appeal, and whofe Appeals or Claims of Exemption have been allowed, and inferring the Names of any Perfons that (hall have been omitted to be inferted; and in numbering the Returns and making out the Tickets for the Ballot, after the Rate of One Pound Fifteen Shillings for every One thoufand Names of Perfons returned'liable to ferve ; and aifo for the adual Expences incurred by fuch refpedive Clerks, and for Printing and Stationary ufed for the Purpofe of this Ad, as to the Lord Lieutenants or Deputy-Lieutenants of the refpedive Counties, Ridings, Cities, or Places, fhall appear reafonable and proper; and in cafe the Orders made by the Lord Lieutenants or Deputy-Lieutenants for the Payment of fuch further Allowances as afortfaid, fhall be confirmed at a General Meeting confiding of not lefs than Five Deputy Lieutenants, but not otherwife.

XIV.	And be it enaded, That the Receivers-General in England Clerks fliaH fhall pay to the Clerk of the General Meetings his Allowance, at PJ^UC* d» the Rate of Five Pounds and Five Shillings for each Meeting, or fuch

further Allowance as may be made as herein-before directed, upon his producing an Order or Orders for that Purpofe from His Majefty’s Lieutenant, or from Three Deputy-Lieutenants aflembled at fome General Meeting or Meetings; and fhall alfo pay to each and every of the Clerks of the Sub-divifion Meetings, their feveral Allowances at the Rate of Orte Pound and One Shilling for each Meeting, or fuch further Allowance as may be made as herein before direded, upon h*S or their producing an Order or Orders from One or more Deputy-Lieutenant or Deputy-Lieutenants, affembied in the feveral Sub-divifion Meetings; which faid Order or Orders, fpecifying the Day or Days of Meeting, at what Place or Places and for what Purpofe or Purpofes the faid General and Sub-divifion Meeting or Meetings have been affembied and held, together with the Clerk's Receipt or Receipts for the Sums fo claimed, fhall be to the Receivers-General in England refpedively, a fufficient Difcharge for the Payment of fuch Allowances, and be allowed in their Accounts; and that the feveral Allowances to Clerks of General and Sub-divifion Meetings, for their Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Ad in Scotland, fhall be paid and defrayed in the fame Manner in which Schoolmaters9 Condablfs, and other Perfons employed in the Execution of an Ad, palTed in the Forty-fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An A3 to ratfe and ejlablifb a Militia Force in Scotland, are 42 G .8. c. 91. direded to be paid for their Trouble and Expences.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That it fhall be Sump Dnty lawful for the Agent-General of Volunteers and Local Militia, and he ?*

is hereby required to re-pay any Sum of Money which may have been MilitTafKall be paid for the Stamp Duty, on any Commiffion of any Officer in the ‘repaid.

Local Militia, under fuch Regulations, and in fuch Manner, as the Secretary at War fhall appoint.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That all Bills, Drafts, and Orders Bills,&c.forPay. drawn for the Payor Allowance of the Regular Militia (when dif- exempt from embodied), or Local Militia under this Ad, may or fhall be drawn

upon undamped Paper; and no fuch Bill, Draft, or Order fhall be void, by reafon of being fo drawn or written on unllamped Paper.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That no Fee or No Fees for Gratuity whatsoever fhall be given or paid for or upon account of any Warrants. Warrant or Sum of Money which fhall be iffued iot relation to or

in purfuance of this Ad.

XVII I*

 C^ooQle

20*

Recomy of

fprices, 6ce,

43 G. 3. c. 89. recited and repealed : Except i '22. refpeAing the Qualification and Appointment of Deputy-Lietiteoants for Bute and Sutherland, and § 21. as to Suhftitutes not having more than two Children.

C.87—*90.	490 GEO. IIL A.D. 1809,

XVIII.	Provided always, tod be it enafted, Tbit all Penalties and Cods and Charges of Suit, and all Sums of Money for which any Per-fon or Perfons is or arc by this A A made anfwrrable, may and (bail be recovered in any of His Majetty*s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler, or in His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer in Scotland, according as the Cafe may require, by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Effoign, Wager of Daw, or Protection, or more than One Imparlance (hall be allowed.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act for making Allowances in certain Cafes tc Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while difembodied.

[10*£ Juu* 1809.] if Continuance of Aft 25th of March 1810. § 10.

[In all RefpeSs the fame as 48 G. 3. c. 51. J

CAP. LXXXIX.

An AGt to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One Thoufand eight hundred and ten, and amend fo much of an Aft, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His prefent Majefty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant-Majors of the Militia of J£ngland% difembodied under an Adi of the fame Seffion of Parliament.

[10ih June 1809,]

42 Geo. 3. c. 64. to which tins A3 is Jimilar9 mutatis mutandis.]

CAP. XC.

An Aft: for providing Relief for the Wives and Families of the Militia Men in Scotland, when called into aftual Service,

[10th June 1809,]

•	TT7HEREAS an Aft palled in the Forty-third Year of the

•	VV Reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An A3 for providing

•	Relief for the Families of Militia Men in Scotland, when called into « aQual Service: And whereas the faid Aft requiring to be amended,

•	it is expedient to repeal the fame, in order that the whole Pro-

•	vifions for fuch Relief may be confolidatrd in one Aft; may it « therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted f And be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That after the Expiration of Two Calendar Months after the palling hereof, the faid Aft (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed (excepting in fo far as the fame relates to the Qualification and Appointment of Deputy-Lieutenants for the Counties of Bute and Sutherland; and alfo excepting in fo far as it prevents a Subftitute from being received for any ballotted Man in the Militia of Scotland% which Subflitute (ball have more than Two lawful Children at the Time he (hall be produced to be enrolled); and from and after the Expiration ofr fuch Two Months, wherever the faid recited Aft (hall have been referred to in any Aft or A&s of Parliament, this Aft (hall



Google

A.D.i8op«	49°	GEO.	III.	C.9<$

be deemed and taken to be the Aft fo referred to, id the fame Manner as if this Aft had been therein referred to.

II.	And be it enacted, That if any Perfon ferving or enrolled in the families of Militia of Scotland as a Non-commiffioned Officer or Drummer, or as Militia Men

a ballotted Man or Subftitute, hired Man or Volunteer refptftively, Scotland called (hall, when embodied and called out intoaftual Service, leave a Family g^yj^ unable to fupport themfelves', the Family of every fuck Non-commif-	week!*

(ioned Officer, Drummer, ballotted Man, Subftitute, hired Man, or Allowance. * Volunteer refpeftively, (hall receive in the Manner herein-after directed a weekly Allowance, by the following Rule ; that is to fay, a Sum	5

not exceeding the ufuai and ordinary Price of one Day’s Labour in Hulbandry within the County, Stewartry, Divifion, Diftrift,

Parilh, or Place where fuch Family {hall dwell, nor lefs than One Shilling for each and every Child born in Wedlock, and under the Acre of Ten Years; and for the Wife of fuch Non-commiffioned Officer, Drummer, ballotted Man, Subftitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, whether he (hall or (hall not have any Child or Children, a Sum not exceeding the Price of one Day’s fuch Labour, nor lefs than One Shilling.

III.	And be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful for the Ratfctf Allows Juftices of the Peace of any County or Stewartry, in Scotland, raifmg tmcefhallbe any Militia, affembled in Quarter Seffions, either upon the Day op

which the Micbaelmat Head Court is held, or on the Day on which the Commiffioners of Supply meet to affefs the Land Tax, and they are hereby direded to fettle, afeertain, and regulate the Rate of Allowance to be paid under this Aft to the Families of Militia Men relident within fuch County, Stewartry, Divifion, or Place, and every inch Rate of Allowance fo fettled, afeertained, and regulated •a aforefaid, (hall be binding upon all Justices of the Peace making any Order for the Payment of Allowances under this Aft ih fuch County, Stewartry, Divifion, or Place, until another or new Rate of Allowance (hall be fettled by them as aforefaid.

Former Rate of Allowance continued till new Rate made. § 4.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no Allowance (hall be,ordered or paid under this Aft to the Wife or Children of any Perfon ferving in the Militia, until fuch Perfon (hall have joined the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which he belongs, or for any longer Period than fuch Perfon (hail continue to ferve and remain embodied in aftual Service 5 nor in any Cafe in which the Wife in refpeft of or by whom any fuch Relief is demanded (hall be in the fame Parilh or Place wherein the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps in which her Hufband (hall ferve (hall be for the Time, or (hall leave her Child or Children (if any) or depart from her Home or Place of Re-fidence fpecified in the Declaration herein-after mentioned, unlefs under Certificate of any neighbouring Juftice of the Peace, or the Minifter and One or more Members of the Kirk Seffion of the Parilh in which fuch Relief (hall be given, authorizing fuch Departure for a Time fpecified therein, not exceeding Ten Weeks, for the Purpofea of Harveft, or obtaining by Work a better Support for her Family.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That from and after the palling of this Aft, no Allowance under chid Aft (hall be given or ordered to be given to the Family of any Subftitute, hired “Ian or Volunteer! who (hall marry after and during the Time of Iris

being

Allowance (hall not be made until Militia Man ihall have joined his Corps.

Nor to Family of any Subiiitute, &c. marrying without Confent of Commanding Officer.

 CjCk e

fo£	C-9<^	r49e	GEO. TIL	A.B.1809,

being called out into a&ual Service, unlefs fuch Marriage (hall have taken place with the Confenc of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which fuch Militia Man (hall belong, and fuch Confent (hall have been certified under the Hand of fuch Colonel or other Commanding Officer previous to fuch Marriage. Commanding VII. And be it ena&ed, That previous to the granting of auy Officers lhall rc- fuch Certificate, fuch Commanding Officer fhail fatisfy himfelf that gHler Certificates every fuch Subftitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, was not previoufly oKuch Confent, marrje(i. an(j every Commanding Officer granting fuch Certificate fhail keep or caufe to be kept, a Regifter thereof, and of the Marriage, in the Manner appearing from Schedule (F.) hereunto annexed. Ko Family to be VIII. Provided always, and be it further cna&ed. That no Wife, entitled to Allow- Child or Children of any Militia Man (hall be entitled to any Al-ance unlefs Huf- iowance under this Ad, unlefs fuch Militia Man (hall make and fign >an ma es a a Declaration before the Commanding Officer of the Regiment to which he belongs according to the Schedule (A.) hereunto annexed, and unlefs fuch Commanding Officer (hall certify that fuch a Declaration has been made before him according to the Form appearing from Schedule (B.) hereunto annexed, and unltfs fuch Commanding Officer (hall tranfmit fuch Declaration and Certificate to the Clerk of Supply of the County or Stewartry wherein fuch Wife or Children retide, which he is hereby required to do.

IX.	And be it cna&ed. That any fuch Declaration and Certificate fhail remain in force for Six Months, and no longer.

^ ,	.	X.	And	be	it further enaded, That upon fuch Declaration and

CmificatHhall Certificate being tranfmitted to the Clerk of Supply of the County l>e tranfxmued to or Stewartry where fuch Wife or Children refide, be fhail enter the tlerk of Supply, fame in a Regifter to be kept of fuch Declarations and Certificates, ia the Manner appearing from Schedule (G.) hereunto annexed, and fuch Clerk of Supply (hall tranfmit every fuch Declaration and Certificate within Six Days after he fhail have received the fame to the Minifter of the Parifh wherein fuch Wife or Children refide ; and any Clerk of Supply receiving any fuch Declaration and Certificate, and failing or negleding to regifter and tranfmit the fame in the Manner herein dire&ed, fhail forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Default, to be recovered with Expences or Cofts of Suit, by a fummary Complaint to be made to the Sheriff or Stewart-Depute of the County or Stewartry by any Perfon or Perfons, One Half of which Penalty to be applied to the Ufe of His Majefty, His Heirs and Succefibrs, and the other Half to be paid to the Perfon or Perfona fuing for the fame.

Minifter and XI. And be it further ena&ed, That the Minifter upon receiving Kirk Seffion fhail fuch Declaration and Certificate, fhail lay the fame before the Kirk Sw^of The Fa- Seffion, and the faid Minifter and Kirk Seffion fhail inquire into the roily, and there- Situation of the Family, and if upon fuch Inquiry it fhail appear that upon grant Cer- they are unable to maintain themfelves, fuch Minifter and Kirk Seffion tificate.	fhail thereupon fign a Certificate in the Terms appearing from the

Schedule (C.) hereunto annexed, and fhail tranfmit the fame to fome Commiffioner cf Supply refiding within the Parifh, or in the Event of no Commiffioner of Supply refiding within the Parifh, to fome Heritor poffifled of Land within the Parifh to the Amount of at leaft Fifty Pounds of valued Rent, or fome Perfon occupying Land within the Parifh, and paying Rent of not lefsthan Fifty Pounds Sterling per Annum j and in Cities or Towns Corporate, to om* of

the

To reVnain in force only Six Months.

 C^ooQle

A^D.i8op.	49*	GEO.	III.	C90*

the Mdgiftratea thereof; and if fuch Comm;fltoner or Heritor, or Perfon or Magiftrate refo*Aively, (hall be fatisfied of fuch Inability, they,’ as well as fuch Minifter and Kirk Sefiion, (hall fign fuch Certificate.

XII.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That if upon fuch Smaller Allow -Inquiry it (hall appear that fuch Wife or Children may be enabled a»ce imy be paid to maintain themfelves with a fmaller Allowance than the Rate hereby in certuiu dire&ed to .be paid to fuch Wife or Children, fuch Minifter and Kirk.

Sefiion are hereby authorized to afcertain and fpecify the Amount of fuch fmaller Allowance to be paid to fuch Wife or C jildren in fuch Certificate as aforefaid, and every fmaller Allowance, fo afcertained and fpecified, (hall be paid in the fame M inner as if the full Allowance authorized by this Act were to be paid to fuch Wife or Children.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That fuch Certificate (hall remain

in force for Three Months and no longer; and if at the Expiration	renevve(j

of fuch Period the Wife or Children (hall Hill be unable to fupport Three Months.

themfclves, they fhail again apoly to the M nifter, who (hall ag?in lay

their Application before the Kirk Sefiion, and fuch Minifter and Kirk

Sefiion fhali again inquire into fuch Inability, and if fuch Inability

(hall appear to continue, another Certificate fiiall be granted according*

to the Form and in the Manner before directed, and fo at the End

of every Tnrec Months as often as any fuch Application (hall be

made ; provided that a Return fhail not have been made in the Manner

herein-after directed, of the Death, Defertion, Removal, or otherwife

from the Regiment of any Militia Man, in Behalf of whofc Wife

or Children any fuch Application fhail have been made.

XIV.	And be it further enafled, That upon the Produ&ion of On Profusion of.

fuch Certificate to a Juftice of the Peace of the County or Stewartry Certificate, Juf-where fuch Family refides, fuch Juftice fhail, if he be fatisfied there-	foi^

with, make an Order in the Form appearing from Schedule (D.) iowauCg# ul * hereunto annexed, for the Payment of a weekly Allowance, according

to the Rate which fhail have been fettled by the Juftices of the County or Stewartry as aforefaid, for each and every Child and the Wife named in fuch Certificate, or where a fmaller Allowance fhail appear to have been afcertained, and fhail be fpecified in fuch Certificate, then for the Payment of fuch fmaller Allowance.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed. That every fuch Order fhail remain To be in force far

in force for Three Months, and no longer.	Three Month*.

XVI.	And be it further enacted. That every fuch Certificate upon Order (hall ho which any fuch Order fhail have been made fhail forthwith be tranf- tranfmitted by mitted by the Juftice of the Peace making the fame to the Cierk of Juftice to Clerk Supply of the Coins'y, Stewartry, City or Place in which fuch Families ^ ®uPPty .vv,.1° fhail dwell, who fhail record the fame, and fhail forthwith tranfmit t^CoUcaorof Copies of fo many of fuch Certificates as relate to Allowances to qc{u Families of Militia Men ferving for any other County, Stewartry, City,

or Place, to the Cierk of Supply of fuch other County, Stewartry,

City, or Place, and fhail alfo tranfmit the Originate of all Certificates tranfmitted to him by a Juftice of the Peace as aforefaid, to the Col-ie&or of the Ccfs for his County or Stewartry, City or Place ; and any Clerk of Supply failing or negle&ing for the Space of Six Days after the Receipt of any inch Certificates, to record and tranfmit Copies and the Originals thereof in the Manner herein dire&ed, fhail forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Negleft, to be recovered with Expences or Cofts of Suit, in the fame Manner

Z	that





CoTte&or of Cefa Jball remit for Allowances to Kiik Treafurer.

Treafurer of Kirk Seflion (hall pay upon an Order from the Juf-tice, and tranl-mit Account to Clerk of Supply.

C9&	-	49®	GEO. III.'	A.D.i8o<}'

that any Penalty agamd Clerks of Supply it herein direded to be recovered. One Half of which Penalty to be applied to the Ufe of His Majefty, Hia Heirs and Succcflbrs, and the other Half to be paid td the rerfon cr Perfons fuing for the fame.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for fuch

Colledor of the Cefs, and he is hereby authorized and required to remit or pay out of fuch publick Monies as may be in his Hands, f6 the Treafurer of the Kirk Stflion of each Parifh, and where there fhall be no fuch Treafurer, then to the Minister and Kirk Seflion of fuch Parifh, at lead once in every Month, a Sum fuflicient to fatisfy and pay the Amount of the Allowances fpecificd in fuch Certificates fd tranfmilted to fuch Colledor; and any Colledor failing or negleding to remit fuch Sum in the Manner herein direded, fhall forfeit and pay a Sum equal to twice the Amount thereof, to be recovered with jExpences or Cods of Suit, by a fummary Complaint to be made to the Sheriff or Stewart-Depute of the County or Stewartry, by any Perfon or Perfoii6, One Half of which Penalty fhall be paid to the Kirk Treafurer, or to the Minifter and Kirk Seflion where there is nd Kirk Treafurer, to make good the Sum which ought to have been remitted to him or them by fuch Col it dor, and the other Half to be paid to the Perfon or Perfons fuing for the fame.	*

XVIII.	And be it further tnaded. That the Treafurer of the Kitk Seflion or Mmifter and Kirk Seflion, (as the Cafe may be,) 10 whom fuch Sum fhall be remitted, fhall give a Receipt for the fame; and fuch weekly Allowances fhall be paid by the Kirk Treafurer, or the M nifter and Kirk Seflion, up n Prr.dudion of the Order mad^ byajudice of the Peace as aforefaid, to the Perfons entitled tore-ceive the fame, provided fuch Perfons are adually redding in the Par-fli where fuch Allowances are demanded at the Time, but not otherwife* unlefs upon Permiflion for a limited Time, and upon a Certificate thereof in the Manner herein-before direded, and Receipts fhall be taken from the Perfons to whom fuch Allowances fhall be paid ; and the faid Kirk Treafurer, or Mioifter and Kirk Seflion, fhall tranf-roit an Account orce in every Month to the Clerk of the Commifiioners of Supply, to be by him preferved and kept, (hewing the Monies received and paid purfuant to this Ad, in which the Perfons to whom the fame fhall be paid (hall be tpccially deferibed by Name, Age, Refidtnce, and as the Wife or Children of the Militia Man, declared and certified in the Manner herein direded ; and any Treafurer of the Kirk Seflion, or Minifter and Kirk Stflion, to whom Money fhall have been remitted or paid as aforefaid, (as the Cafe may be,) who (hall refufe or delay to pay fuch weekly Allowances in the Manner herein direded, fhall forfeit and pay a Sum equal to twice the Amount of each Sum fo refufed or delayed to be paid, or who fhall fail or negled to tranfmit an Account in the Manner hereby direded, fhall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Negled, to be recovered in a fummary Manner, with Expences or Cofts of Suit, upon Complaint made to any Juftice of the Peace of the County or Stewartry in which fuch Treafurer, Minifter, and Kirk Seflion refidej by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame otight to have been paid, or by the Clerk of Supply, to whom the fame ought to have been tranfmitud, One Half of which Penalty to be applied to the Ufe of His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Half to be paid to the Perfon or Perfons fuing for the fame*

XIX.



A.D.tSd^«	49°	GEO.	lit*	C.pb.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Clerk of Supply receiving ffuch Account, (hall within Ten Days after tbe Receipt thereof fend a Copy of every fuch Account, certified by him to be a true Copy, to the Colle&or of the Cefs of his County, Stewartry, City, or Place, and where any of the Allowances appearing to have been .paid by fuch Account (hall have been made to the Family of any Militia Man ferving fer any other County, Stewartry, City or Place* a Copy of fo much of fuch Account, certified as aforefcid, fhall within Ten Days after the Receipt thereof be tranfmitted by the Clerk of Supply, who (hail have received the fame, to the Clerk of Supply of every County, Stewartry, City, or Place, for which any fuch Militia Man (hall be ferving, who fhall record the fame; and any Clerk of Supply failing or negle&ing to tranfmit Accounts in the Manner hereby dfc.&ed, fhall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Default, to be recovered by any Perfon fuing for the fame, with Expences or Coifs of Suit, in the Manner in which any other Penalty ib dire&ed to be recovered by this Ad.

XX.	And be it ena&ed, that in the Month of January in evrry Year, Accounts fhall be ftated by and between the Colle&or of every County or Stewartry, with ea«h K:rk Treafurer, or Minifter, and K rk S^flion, within his County or Stewartry, (hewing the Amount of all Monies remitted or paid by fuch Coilr&or to fuch Kirk Trea* furers, or Miniftera and Kirk Scfiions reipe&ively, in the Year preceding the Firit Day of the faid Month of January in which fuch Account is dated, and alfo fhewing the Allowances paid by fuch Kirk Treafurers or Minifter* and Kirk S^ffions for the Year preceding fuch Firft Day of January, and fuch Accounts fhall be fettled by fuch Colle&or with fuch Kirk Treafurers or M’nifters and Kirk Seffiona refpe&ively, who fhall thereupon deliver up to fuch Co*ltdor the Receipts taken for the Payment of fuch Allowances ; and any Colle&or of the Cefs failing or negle&ing to fettle or to get fettled fuch Accounts in the Month of January in every Year as aforefaid, fhall not be allowed to take Credit in his Accounts with the Receiver Central for Scotland for any Monies remitted or paid fyy him under this Ad.

XXL And be it tna&td. That every fuch Account (hail on or before the Fifteenth Day of February in every Year, be examined and compared with the Vouchers thereof by the Clerk of Supply of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, in which the fame fhall be made up, and fhall thereupon be doequetted and figned by him.

XXII.	And be it ena&ed, That fuen Clerk of Supply fhall make up from fuch Account, Accounts fhewing the Allowances paid in his County, Stewartry, City, or Place, to Families refidjng therein of M litia Men ferving for other Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places refpe&ively, and fhall on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of February in every Year tranfmit fuch Accounts, figntd by him, to the Clerks of Supplv of fuch Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places refpe&ively ; and any Clerk of Supply failing or neglecting to make up and tranfmit fuch Accounts to the Clerks of Supply of fuch Counties, Stewart-rics, Cities or Places, fhall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Offence, to'be recovered and applied in the fame Manner as any other Penalty may be recovered and applied under this Ad.

XXIII.

ttoy

Certified Copies of Accounts IkJ! be tranfmitted W Cdletfior of tbe Cdj,

Annual Accounts fhall be ftated by tbe Colle&or*

Accounts (hall be examined by Clerk ef Supply.

Accounts of Allowances paid for other Counties fhall be tmnf-'rtaitted to them.

 C^ooQLe

Accounts (hall be Rated by Clerk «f Supply Yearly.

ACTcfTment (hall be made there-upon.

Houfes not rated to Houfe Tax exempted.

No Perfon (hall be aflefled for both Houfes and Land*

One Half of Affeffment (hall be paid by Tenants.

Account of Rate (hall be made up.

XXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That trt the Month of March in every Year, an Account (hall be made up br the Clerk of SupDly of every County, Stcwartry, City, or Place9 Rating the Allowances paid previous to the Firft Day of January preceding, to the Families of any Militia Men fcrving for fuch County, Stcwartry, City, or Place, whether refiding in Tuch County, Stewartry, City, or Place, or in any other County, Stcwartry, City, or Place.

XXIV.	And be it enacted, That fuch Account may be examined by a Committee of the Commiffioners of Supply, from Time to Time to be appointed by them for that Purpofe, and (hall be laid before the laid Commiflioners of Supply at the next Annual Meeting at which they aflVmble to affefs the Land Tax, and at fuch Meeting the faid Commiflioners of Supply (hall make an AflVflment equal to the Amount of the Allowancesappearing from fuch Account to have been paid to the Families of Militia Men ferving for fuch County, Stcwartry, City, or Place, in the following Manner; that is to fay, upon L»nd according to the valued Rent of the fame, and upon Houfes according to the Rent or Yearly Value fet on fuch Houfes by the lateft AflVflment of the Houfe Tax, aud in the following Proportions ; videlicet, for every fuch AflVflment to the Amount of One Shilling Sterling upon One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, an AflVflment (hall be laid upon the Rent or Yearly Value of Houfes fo afeertained, at the Rate of One Penny Sterling in the Pound of fuch Rent or Yearly Value, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Sum.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That no fuch Afleff-ment (hall be laid upon any Houfe which (hall not be rated for the Houfe Tax.

XXVI.	Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed. That no Perfon or Per* fons (hall be aflefled in refpeA of his, her, or their Houfe or Houfes, and alfo in refpedfc of his, her, or their Lands in the fame County or Stewartry, but it (hall be in the Po wer of the faid Commiflioners to lay fuch AlTefTment upon fuch Perfon or Perfons, either in rcloecl of fuch Houfe or Houfes, or of fuch Lands, as to fuch Commiflioners (hall feem calculated to produce the higheft AflVflment.

XXVII.	Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed, That for all Sums fo aflefled upon Land, the Proprietor (hail have Relief again!! the Tenant or Occupier thereof for One Half of fuch AflVflment, and every fuch AflVflment upon Houfes (hall be paid by the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, who (hail be entitled to dedu& from his, her, or their Rent One Half of every fuch AflVflment fo paid by fuch Occupier or Occupiers.

XXVIII.	And be it further rnaded, That at the Time every fuch AflVflment is made, an Account in the Form in the Schedule (E.) hereunto annexed, (hall be Itated, (hewing the grofs Amount of the Sums for which it is made ; and alfo the Rate at which it is to be levied upon the valued Rent of Land and upon the Rents of Houfes, in the Manner dire&ed by this Aft, which Account (hall be figned by the Clerk of Supply, and by the Praefes of the Meeting of the Com-milfloners of Supply at which fuch AflVflment is made, and the fame (hall be tranfmitted to the Collector of the Cefs as his Authority for levying fuch AflVflment; and fuch Account fo authenticated, (hail, if required, be (hewn by fuch Coilc&or to every Perfon paying his Proportion of fuch AflVflment.

XXIX.

 v^ooQle

A.D.1B09.	4$°	GEO.	IH.	C.90.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Comtftiflionm of Supply (hall omit, negltft, or refufe to make any fuel Aft-Ament, according to the Direftions of this Aft, then the Clerk of Supply of fuch County, Stewartry, City, or Place (ball and ht' is hereby required, within Fourteen Days after the Meeting at which fuch Afleffment ought to have been made, to certify to His Majcfty’s Attorney in Exchequer in Scotland, fuch Negleft, Omiffion, or Refusal of fuch Commiflioners, and the Names of fuch Commiflioners, who (hall be prefent at fuch Meeting ; and His Majeftv's Attorney in Exchequer is hereby required, on Receipt of fuch Certificate, forthwith to proceed by all fuch legal Means as {hall be moft effeftual and expeditious to compel fuch Commiflioners to pay due Obedience to this Aft, and to caufe fuch Afleffment to be made, and the Money raifed, colleftcd, and paid.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That in the Cities of Edinburgh and Gla/gow, the Magiftrates thereof fhail and they are hereby authorized to levy from the Heritors, Burgcfts, and Inhabitants of fuch City, their Proportion of the Afleffment to be made purfuant to this Aft, to raife the Sum neceflary to afford the Relief hereby provided to the Families of the Militia ferving for the faid Cities, in fuch Maimer and in the fame Proportions a9 the Cef9 Stent and other publick Burders and Contributions are in Ufe by Lafr to be aft fled and levied iu the faid Cities.

XXXI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That in the Two Cities aforefaid, all Certificates of Inability fhail be tranfmitted from the Parities within the fame to the Town Cl£rk of the faid Cities refpeftivdy, who fhail and he is hereby required to do all Matter^ and Tniogs direfttd by this Aft to be done by the Clerk ti the Corhmif-fioners of Supply in any County or Stewartry.

XXXII.	And be it further enafted, That the Adjutant of cver^r Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, or where there (hall be no Adjutant the Serjeant-Major thereof, {hall within Seven Days after thfe Twenty-fourth Day of every Month during the Time that the Militia to which he (hall belong {hall remain embodied and in aftual Service, return to the refpeftive Clerks of Supply of the County, Stewartry or Plgce to which fuch Regiment, Battalion*, or Corps {hail belong, a particular Lift of all Promotions and Vacancies, and all Deaths, Defertions, and other Caufes of Vacancy, that {hall have occurred among the private Militia Men frrving for the fcveral and refpeftive Subdivifions ot the County, Stewartry, or Place to which fuch Regiment, Battalion, or Corps {hall bJong, in the Calendar Month preceding each fuch Twenty-Lurth Day as aforefaid, ani {hall fpecify the Chriftian and Surname of each Man fo returned, and whether ballotted Man, Subftitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, and the Parifti ot Place for which he was ferving; and fuch refpeftive Clerks of the Commiflioners of Supply (hall within Six Days after the Receipi of fuch Return, tranfmit proper Extrafts of fo much thereof as relates to Militia M-n whole Families refide within their own County, Stewartry, City, or Place, to the Kirk Trcafurers, or the Minifter* and Kirk Seflions of the refpeftive Parifltes or Places therein, and proper Extra&s of the Remainder of fuch Returns to the Clerks of Supply of the other Counties or Stewartries in which the Families of any fuch Militia Men receiving an Allowance under this Aft, (hall be then reading, and fuoh Clerks of Supply of fuch other Counties or

49 Geo. III.	P	Stewartries

On Failure of Afleffment Application ihaH be made to the Exchequer to compel fame.

How Afleffment* (hall be levied in Edinburgh and Glafgow.

In thofe Cities, Certificates, &c. {hall be tranfmitted to Town Qerks.

Adjutants fhail make Monthly Returns of Vacancies.

 CaOOQle

C.go.

49° GEO. III.

A.D.1809.

Allowance for Trouble to Kirk Tieai'urer.

Allowances to

Collectors and Clerks of Supply.

No Collector (hall take Credit for Sums remitted, without Vouchers.

Account of Money remitted and levied {hall be tianl'mitted by Co!Ie<5tor to JEx-chccjuer.

Stewartries (ball, within Six Days after the Receipt of the fame, tranfmit proper Extrads thereof to the Kirk Treafurers, or the Mini ft era and Kirk Stiltons of the refpedive Parifhes within their Counties or Stewartries, in which the Families of any fuch Militia Men receiving an Allowance under this Ad (hall be then refiding.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hail and may be lawful for the Commifikners of Supply of aay County or Stewartry, affembled at the annual Meeting at which they meet to a(Tef9 the Land Tax, and they are hereby empowered to grant fuch Allowance to fuch Treafurer of the Kirk Seffion as they (hall think fufficient for his Trouble in paying and keeping the Accounts of fuch D fburfe-ments, and fuch Commiffioners of Supply (hall be and they are hereby further empowered to allow a Sum tqual to what (hall appear to them to be the neceflary Expences incurred by fuch Treafurer of the Kirk Sefiion, or by the Minifter and Kirk Seffion, in difeharging the Duties hereby required of him or them, which Allowances (hall be paid hy the Collector of the County or Stewartry upon the Order of fuch Commiffioners, who (ball include the Sum fpcci6ed therein in the Amount of the AfTeffment direded to be made purfuant to this Ad :

. Provided always, that no fuch Allowance (hall be granted to aBy fuch Treafurer, or Minittec, or Kirk Scffioa, who (hall fail or omit tp fettle •their Accounts in the Manner direded by this Ad.

XXXIV.	And be it further enadted, That it (hall and may he lawful for the Commiffioners of Supply of any Couoty or Stewartry a (Te mb led at fuch annual Meeting as aforefaid, and they are hereby empowered to graot an Allowance to the Coliedor of the Cefs and to the Clerk of Supply of their County or Stewartry for their Trouble in doing and performing the various Matters and Things required by this Ad to be done and performed by fuch Coliedor of the Cefs and Clerk of Supplv, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds par Annum to any Coliedor of the Cefs, and Thirty Pounds per Annum to any Cierk of Supply; and every fuch Allowance (hall be fatisfied and paid upon the Order of fuch Ccmnnffioners by being included in the firft AfTeffment made under this Ad after fuch Order (hall have been made; and the Coliedor of the Cefs levying fuch AfTeffment (hall account for and pay fuch Allowance to the Cierk of Supply as he (hall be entitled to by fuch Order.

XXXV.	And be it further enaded, That no Sums paid or remitted by any Coliedor purfuant to this Ad, (hall be allowed in bis Accounts with the Receiver-General of Scotland\ unlefs he (hall produce, as the Vouchers thereof, the original Certificates of Inability, direded by this Ad to be transmitted to him by the Clerk of Supply, of his County, Stewartry, City, or Place, and the Receipts tranfmttted or delivered to him by the Kirk Treafurers or Mioiiters and Kirk Scffions, purfuant to this Ad, and alf > the Accounts, annual'y fettled in Manner herein dirc&td, with the Vouchers thereof.

XXXVI.	And be it enaded, That each Colltdor of the Land Tax, remitting and paving Monty as direded bv this Ad, (hall on or before the Fifteenth Day of April in every Yea-, tranfmit to the Lord Chief Baron and other Barons of His Majcfty*s Exchequer in Scotland, an Account, with the Vouchers, of all the Money To remitted and paid by him previous to the Firft Day of January preceding, and of all the Money levied by him purfuant to any Affeffmeot made in Terms of this Ad, or otherwise received purfuant to this Ad, previous

•	ta

 v^ooQle

to the Date of fuch Account; and any Colleftor of the Land Tax failing or negle&ing to tranfmit fuch Accouot in the Manner herein directed, (hall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds Sterling, to be recovered upon the Application of His M<*jefty’s Advocate to the faid Lord Chief Baron and Barons aforefaid, befidei being otherwise refponlible for fuch Default as accords of Law.

XXXVII. Ana be ft eqafted, That the Clerk of Supply of every County, Stewartry, City, or Place, IhaU and is hereby required, within Fourteen Days after the annual Meeting of the Commifiioners of Supply, at which they afTemble to affefs the Land Tax, to tranfmit to His Majefty’s Attorney in Exchequer a Copy of the Account made up by him in the Mouth of March preceding, as dire&ed by this A and (hall at the fame Time certify to His Majefty's (aid Attorney in Exchequer, whether an Affcflment has been made thereof purfuant to this A«, aud (hail further certify to fuch Attorney in Exchequer the grofs Amount of ail the Allowances made to the Families of Militia Men redding within his County, Stewartry, City, or Place, purfuant to this Act, previous to the Firft Dav of January preceding ; and any Clerk of Supply failing or neglecting to rranlmit fuch Account, or to certify to His Majefty’s Attorney in Exchequer in the Manner hereby dirt died, (hail forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered in the fame Manner as any Penalty againft any Colle&or of the Ccfs may be recovered.

XXXVI1.I. And'be it further cna&ed, That fuch Accounts and Vouchers fo transmitted by the Collectors of the Cef3 and Clerks of Supply to the* Court of Exchequer (hall, as foon as conveniently may be after the Rtceipt thereof, be examined by His Majefty’s Remembrancer in Exchequer, who (hall report to the Lord Chief Baron ind other Barons of the Exchequer, whether the DireCt on8 of this ACt have been complied with, aud whether it appears that the Aficff-ments have been made and levied which ought to have been made and levied in Terms of this ACt, and whether fuch Collectors have rendered due Accounts, with proper Vouchers, thereof, and have accounted for every Sum of M >ncy which pught to have come to their Hands purfuant to thisJ ACt; and the Lord Cnief Baron and other Baroul aforefaid (hall make fuch Order, and give fuch Din Ct»ons as (hall appear to them neccflary and proper to be made and given thereupon.

XXXlX.	And be it enaCted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord Chief Baron and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and they are hereby empower'd, if they (hall think.proper, to order and direCh the refptCfive Coilt&ors of the Cefs of the Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Places in which Allowances IhaU appear to have been paid (or Families reliding therein of Militia Men fcTving for other Counties. Sttwartimes, Cities, or Places, to recover from the refpt&ve Colh£t>rs of the Ccfs of fuch other Counties, St t war tries, Ctiea, or Places, fuch &ume of Money as /hall appear to have been paid for Families of Militia Men ferving for fuch other Counties, Stewanrics, Cities, or Places a3 afortfaid.

11 Accounts under former A& (hall be tranfmitted before the Firft “ of January 1810. f 40. Orders and Certificates fliall accompany “ inch Accounts. §. 41. General Account? under recited A& (hall “ be made up before 15th February j8jo, $ 42. Afkflment (hail “. be madcaccordingly, it neccflary.. £43. Any Exccfs of Afleffmen t

P 2	**	upon

an

Accounts (hall be iranfmitted by Cferk of Supply to exchequer.

Accounts tranfmitted to Exchequer (hall be examined there.

Barons of Exchequer may dire<ft Collegers of Cefs to re~ cover from each other.

 v^ooQle



String of § 21.

and 22. of 43 G. 3. c. 89.

No Allowance to Subflitutea having more than Two Children, See.

C.pOf	490 GEO. in.	A.D. iSop^

“ upon fneb Account, (hall be deducted from the firi Affeffinrat “ under this Ad. § 44.

XLV, And be it enadrd, That fo much of the faid recked Ad as relates to the Qualification and Appointment of Deputy-Lieutenants W the Counties of Bute and Sutherland\ and alfo fo much of the faid Ad as prevent* a Sabftitute from being received for any ballotted Man in the Militia of Scotland\ which Sub dilute (halt have more than Two lawful Children at the Time he (hall be produced to be enrolled, flsaU not be repealed, but fuch Ad, fo far at regards the fame, (hall remain in force in the fame Manner as if this Ad had not been made; Provided always, tbit no Allowance under this Ad (hall be ordered to.be paid to the Family of any Substitute, hired Mao, or Volunteer to be enrolled after the patting of this Ad, who (hall at the Time of his Enrolment have more than Two lawful Children, or who (hall have fraudulently reprefented and declared that he bad no Wife at the Time of his Enrolment, or who (hall have fraudulently and falfely reprefented and declared at the Time of fuch Enrolment, that he had not more than Two lawful Children.

u Ad may be altered this Stflion. § 46.

SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

DECLARATION to be made and finned by a Militia Man, having a Wife or Family in a State of Indigence.

I.	Where the Wife is living.

J A. B. a Militia Man ferving in [focify the Corps] do declare, * That C. D. is my lawful Wife, and has been fo fince the Day of	, and that I have by the faid C. D. [One,

Twq, or more Children, as the Cafe may be] under the Age of Ten Years [Specifying the Name and Age of each Child] and that the faid C. V refides (with fuch Child or Children) in the Parifti of [Name of Par\Jh'\ and is unable to fupport berftlf [and fuch Child or Cnildren] by reafon that [Jlate the Reafon\ ; and if a Subftitute, that I had not more than Two lawful Children bom in Wedlock at the Time I was produced to be enrolled: And thefe Things I the laid A. B. do folcmnly aver and declare to be true.

Dated this	Day of	A.	B*

2.	Where the Wife is dead leaving a Child or Children.

T A. &. a Militia Man ferving in [Specify the Corps] do declare, Tnat C. D. deceafed, lately ufiding [fpecijy where] was my lawful Wife, and that we were married Ptrfons mice the Day of .

Jnd that I have bv the faid C. D. [One, Two, or more Children under the Age of Ten Years Specifying the Name and Age of each Child] and that fuch Child or Children refide with [fpecify with whom they refide] at [Specify the Place] and that fuch Child or Children are unable to fupport themfeives by reafon that [Jlate xhe Reafon]1; and if a Subftitute, that I had not more than Two lawful Children bom in Wedlock at the Time I was produced to be enrolled: And thefe Things I the had A. B. do fodemnly aver and declare to be true. Dated ihia	Day of	,	A	M*



Google

A.D.i8o$.

49* CEO. ftfc	C90*

SCHEDULE (B.)

CERTIFICATE by Commanding Offictr.

1.	Where the Militia Man is not a Subftitute, hired Man, or Volun-

teer, or being a Subftitutc, hired Man, or Volunteer, was married previous to the ''Time at which he was called out to a&ual Service,

J E. F. commanding the [fyec'fy the Regiment] do certify. That upon the	Day	of	A. B. a Militia Man

ferving in the laid Regiment for the Parifh of	in	the	‘

County or Stewartry of	\Jpectfy	whether	a	batlotted

Man, or a Subftirute, hired Man, and if a Subftitute, for whom ferving, and for what Parifh ir Place] came before me, and made th£ Declaration hereunto annexed. Witnefs my Hand this Day of	£•	FV

2.	Where the Militia Man, being a Subftitute, hired Man, or Volun-

teer, was married fubfequent to the Time at which he was called1 out into adual Service.

J E. F. commanding' the [frctfy the Regiment] do certify, That upon the	Day	of	A.	B.	a	Subftitute,

hired Man, or Volunteer [as the Cafe may he] ferving in the faid Regiment for the Parifh of	in	the	County	[‘sr,

Stewartry] of	was married upon the

Day of	with the Confent of [JPcctfy Name] then

commanding Officer of the faid Regiment (certified under the Hthd of the faid Clommandieg Officer previous to the Marriage) to [ficcify the Name of the Wife, and the Parifh or Place where fhe now reiides] 1 And I further certify, That the faid A. B. came before me, tod* made the Declaration hereunto annexed. Witnefs my Hand th»

Day of	E. F.

SCHEDtTLE (C.)

CERTIFICATE by the MirfKfter, Kirk Seffion, Commiffioners of Supply, or other Perfon.

TOTE A. B. Minifter of the Parifh of	and	C.	D.

E.	F. and G. H. Members of the Kirk Seffion thereof, do * hereby certify. That in confcquence of a Declaration and Certificate tranfmitted to the faid Minifter, purfuant to an Ad palled in the „ Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majfetty, intituled? [Here infert the Title of this A3] We did inquire into the Situation of [mention Wife or Children] and found her [[or, them], to be unable to maintain herfelf [or themieives] by reatbn [fate the Reafon] and we alfo inquired whether the Wife had departed from her Home or Place of Relidenae fpecifkd in the faid Declaration, and found tbnt fhe had not done for (or that (he had done fo with the Pcrmiffion and upon a Certificate thereof, in the Manner provided by the faid Ad) and we reported tbefe Things to [mention Name of Jufticd,* Heritor, Perfon or Magiftr^te] of which he alio fatufied himfelf. In Witnels whereof theiaid £Juft ice, Heritor, Perfon, or, Magiftrate] has with 11a fet hit Hand hereto -this	Day	of

Where the Wife or Children (hall be enabled to maintain them* fdves with a fmaller Allowance than the full Rate, then after P3	the



49* GEO. III.	A.D.1809C

the Reafon of Inability, thefe Words will follow14 But we found that upon receiving an Allowance of	per

Week, fnch Wife or Children will be able to maintain themftlvcs.'*

SCHEDULE (D.)

ORDER to be made by a Jtiftice of the Peace for Payment of Allowances.

J A\ B. One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County [or, Stewartry] of	in	conftquence	of	a

Certificate produced to me, of which a Cooy is annexed, do hereby order [mention Name of Kirk Treafurer or Minifter, and Kirk Seffion] of the Parifh of [mention Parilh] to pay to the therein named [mention Name of Wife or C sildrm] a Weekly Allowance of to the (aid (Wife) and	for each of the faid (Children.)

For which this Order (hall be a fufficicnt Authority. Witnefs my Hand at	this	Day of	E. F»

SCHEDULE (E.)

An ACCOUNT (hewing the Amount and Rate of Affeffments made this	Day	of	purfuant	to Ad Forty-ninth

George III. Cap.

X.	For the Amount of Allowances paid to Families redding £. /. el. in this County or Stewartry of Militia Men ferving for this County or Stewartry -

2.	For the Amount of Allowances paid in other Counties

or Stewartries [vi^fpceify the Counties} to Families therein redding of Militia Men ferving for this County or Stewartry -

3.	For the Amount of Allowances for Trouble and Charges

in Termsof the Ad -

1.	To Officers, fpecifying to*whom

2.	Charges incurred by them -

£.

1.	Amount of valued Rent within the County [or

Stewartry}	£

2. Amount of Rents of Houty	£

£• /• d•

Rate of Affcffment:

on each £100. of valued Rent in the Pound of Rent or Yearly Vahie of Houfcs, according to the lateft Affeflraent for the Houfe Tax -	-*



Google

SCHEDULE (F.)

REGISTER of Subftitut<=8, hired Men, and Volunteers, belonging to the Regiment of \defcr\bt the Regiment] married with the Coufent of the Colonel or Commanding Officer.

Name of Su!>ftitute,&c.	For what Parifh ferving.	Name of Woman.	Where then refiding.	Date of Certificate.	Commanding Olficer by whom granted.	Date of Marriage.
		a				

SCHEDULE (G.)

REGISTER of Declarations made by Militia Men ferving in the Regiment [defcribe the Regiment] and of Certificates granted by the Commanding Officer, to enable their Wives and Families to receive the Allowances granted by Ad 49 Geo. III. Cap.

Name of Declarant.	P&rHh  for which ferving.	Name of Wife.	Name of their Child or Children under Ten Years.	Where  reading.	Date of Certificate.	To whom tranfioitted.	When  tranfmitted.
							

CAP. XCI.

An Ad to empower the Judges to try Civil Caufes in their own Counties in England.	[loth June 1809.]

*	Y X T HERE AS by a Statute made in the Eighth Year of the 4 W Reign of King Richard the Second, it is among other

*	Things enaded, That no Man of Law (hall from thenceforth be

4 Jufticc of Affizes in his own Country: And whereas by an Ad •

*	made in the Thirty-third Year of King Henry the Eighth, intituled,

4 An AS that none Jhall be Juftice of AJJtxe in hit own Country, it is 83 Hen. 8. c. 24. 4 enaded, That no Jultice nor other Man learned in the Laws of [SteStat.

4 this Realm (hall ufe nor excrcife the Office of Juftice of Affize 4 within any County where the laid Juftice was born or doth inhabit:

4 And whereas a Compliance with the aforefaid Provisions has been T&miner.]

4 attended with very great Inconveniences; for Remedy whereof/ be it enaded by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with

P 4	the



Google

Any Juftice of cither Bench or Baron of the Exchequer, or other Teifon* appointed, may be Jullices of Affizo in any County although they i ere l>om Or do nhabit theieiu

^G.D. c.«5.

w G. 3. c. 81.

iC G. 3. C. 39.

the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful from Time to Time and at all Timet hereafter, to and for the Chief Juftice and Juftices of either Bench, and to and for the Chief Baron and other Barons of thfc Court of Exchequer, and to and for any other Pcrfon or Perfons learned in the Law, who (hall be appointed Juftice or Juftices of Affize in any County or Counties within that Part of Great Britain called England, to ute and txcrcife the Office or Offices of Juftice or Juftices ot Aflize, and to aft under »n\*Commiffion of Niff Puns in any fnch County or Counties, notwithftandmg they or any of them fbail have been born or do inhabit within any fuch County or Counties; and that they (hall not be liable for fo doing to any Forfeiture or Penalty whatfoever, any Thing in the faid recited Laws, or either of them, or any other Law, Cuftom, or Ufage to the contrary in afiywife notvyithllanding.

CAP. XCII.

An Act for charging the Sum of Eleven millions, raifed for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nine, and the Sum of Seven millions nine hundred and thirty-two thoufand one hundred Pounds in J&qJiequer Bills, funded purfuant to an Aft of this Seffiou ,of Parliament upon the Duties granted to His Majefty during die Continuance of the prefent War, and for certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.	[loth	June	1809.]

*	TlfHEREAS it inexpedient that a Part of the Loan or Loans

*	VV raifed for thie Service of Great Britain for the prefent Year,

*	and alfo the Sum of Seven millions nine hundred and thirty-two ‘ thoufand one hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills, funded purfuant r to an Aft of this Seffion qf Parliament, ffioukl be charged upon c the feverpl Duties granted to His Majefty durirtg the Continuance

*	of the prefent War, and until certain Periods afttr the Ratification -‘ of a Definitive TreU^of Peace* except the Duties granted by aa

*	Aft of the Forty-fixth Year of Hi* Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An 4 A3 for granting to H'u Majejly during the prefent War. and until the 4 Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty 4 of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain on the 4 Rates and Duties on Profits arifingfrom Property. ProfeJJions. Trades,

*	and Offices; and for repealing an Aft paffed in the Forty-fifth Tear of

*	His prefent flfnjfly* for repealing certain Parts of an Aft made in the

* Forty-third Tear of H'is prefent Mayfly, for granting a Contribution 4 on the Prfits arifing from Property, Profejfiuns, Trades, and OJfices% 4 and to cotfolidate and render more rffeftual the Provfions for collefttng 4 the faid Ditties : And Whereas the feveral Duties of Excife granted

* to His Majtliy by an Aft paffVd in tbe Forty third Year of Hi*

, * prefent Majefty\s Reign, intituled. An Act for granting to His

4 Majejly, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive 4 Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excife in Great Britaiu;

4 and by another Aft patted in the Forty-fixth Year of His prefent

* Majefty, intituled. An Act for granting to His Majejly, until Twelve

4 Months



Google

A.n.tSo?.	494	GEO. HI*	C.pa.	a'17

*	Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty Peace, additional 4 Duties of Exeife on Tobacco and Snujf 5 were-, by an Aft palled in 4 the Forty-feveoth Year of His pretent Majefty’s Reign, intituled,

*	An Act for charging the Sum of Twelve millions. Part of the Doan of 47	*•

4 Twelve millions two hundred thoufand Pounds raifed fir the Service c*

4 of Great Britain for the Tear One thoufand eight hundred and feven,

*	upon the Duties of Cujloms and Exeife granted to His Majejly during 4 toe Continuance of the prefent IVdr, and fir certain Periods after the

*	Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace; and for providing a 4 Sinking Fund for the Redemption of the Stocks or Funds thereby created,

1 farther granted and continued for fuch further Terra or Terms, and 4 in fuch Proportion?, after the Expiration of the faid Peiiod, as is 4 direfted in the faid laft recited Aft : And for making an effeftual 4 Fund for defraying the Charge occafioned by fuch Part or Parts of

*	the faid Loan or Loans, and by fuch Sura of Seven millions nine ‘ hundred- and thirty-two thoufand one hundred Pounds, as is or are 4 or (hall be charged thereon, it is expedient that the faid laft-mentioned 4 Duties (hould be further granted and continued for fuch a further 4 limited Term, and in fuch Proportions and Manner as in this Aft 4 is direfted ;* Be it therefore enafted by the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflcmbled,

and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid feveral Duties of Dotfesof Eatfe Exeife (hall be, and the fame are hereby further granted and con- granted by tinued, and (hall be payable to and for the Ufe of His Majefty, His 43^0-3-c.su Heirs and Succdfors, for fuch further Term or Terms, and in fuch *”39 6fur^. Proportions, after the Expiration of the faid Periods, and in fuch ^edaeanL Manner as herein-after is direfted concerning the fame.

II.	And be it further enafted. That in order to defray the Charge Todefray the occafioned by the Sum of Eleven millions fix hundred thoufand Chargeocca-Pounds, Part of the Loan of Fourteen millions fix hundred thoufand fioaedbf Pounds, contracted to be raffed for the Service of the prefent Year, except the Charge of Eight hundred and ninety-two thoufand five 49 g. 3. c. 71-hundred and twenty-two Pounds Seven Shillings and Nine-pence, and the funtfing capital Stock ia reduced Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds of 7,932,ux>l. per Centum lh refpeft of Six hundred thoufand Pounds raifed for the Exchequer Bill* Service of His Royal Highnefs the P.iice Regent of Portugal; and *u2^ ^erefliall alfo to defray the Charge occafioned by the Sum of Seven millions i/e appropriated nine hundred and thirty-two thoufand one hundred Pounds in Ex- out of the chequer Bills, funded purfuant to an Aft of this Sefiion of Parliament, Produce of the there (hall, during the Continuance of the prefent War, and until Duties gnwtel Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, be ptthe fet apart at the Receipt of the Exchequer in England, and appropriated J)ut^ graced to the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, quarterly, or otherwife, by 46 G. 3.

•as the faid Charge may from Time to Time be incurred or become c. 6s.) the

-due out of the Produce of any of the Duties granted to His Majefty *nnual Sum of

during the Continuance of the prefent War, and until certain Periods *#040#0001-

after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, which may

from Time to Time be remaining in the Exchequer, except the Duties

granted by an Aft paffed in the Forty-fixth Year of His prefent Ma-

jefty’s Reign, intituled, An AS for granting to His Majejly during the

prtjint War9 and until the Sixth Day of Aoril next after the Ratification

of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in

Great Britain on the Rates and Duties on Profits ctrifingfrom Property,

Profejfians#

 ooQle



IT no other IWiiion be made after the War Duties fhaU ceafe, the faid Duties of Excife ftall be further continued for defraying the faid amiiial Charge of 1,040,0001. until further Pnovifion fhaH he made.

Powers of recited A&s in relation 'to the Excife Duties extended to this Aft.

C.92;	49°	GEO. Iff.	A.D. 1809.

ProfrJftonSy Trade*, and Office* ; and for ref eating ah AH paffed in the Forty fifth Tear of His prefent Maijejly, for repealing certain Parts of an Att made in the Forty third Tear of His prefent Mayfly for granting a Contribution on the Profits arifing from Property, Profeffions, Trades, and Offices, and to confolidate and render more ejfeQual the Provifonx for cal-letting the faid Duties ; not with handing any other Appropriation of the faid Duties by virtue of any Aft or Afts of Parliament now in force, but fubjeft to the Charge created thereon by the faid recited Aft paffed in the Forty*feventh Year of His prefent Majcfty, the clear annual Sum of One million and forty thoufand Pounds, which annual Sum (hall be deemed an Addition made to the Consolidated Fond of Great Britain, for the Purpofe of defraying the increafcd Charge oca cafioned by any Aft or Afts paffed or to be paffed in the prefent Seflion of Parliament, in refpeft ot the faid Sums of Eleven millions fix hundred thoufand Pounds, except the Charge in refpeft of Six hundred thoufand Pounds raifed for the Service of the Prince Regent of Portugal. Part of the faid Loan of Fourteen millions fix hundred thouiaod Pounds j and alfo for the Purpofe of defraying the annual Charge occafioned by Seven millions nine hundred and thirty-two thoufand one hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills, funded purfuant to an Aft of this Seflion of Parliament.

III.	And be it further cnafted, That if no other Provifion (hall have been made by Parliament for defraying the annual Charge occafioned by the faid Sum of Eleven millions fix hundred thoufand Pounds, except the Charge in reipeft of Six hundred thoufand Pounds raifed for the Service of the Prince Regent of Portugal, and alfo for defraying the annual Charge occafioned by Seven millions nine hundred and thirty-two thoufand one hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills funded as aforefaid, from and after the Ex Diration of the laid Period of Six Months from and after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Duties of Excife granted or continued to His Majeiiy by the above recited Afts, or fo much and fuch Part or Parts or Proportions thereof refpeftively as (hall not previoufly hare been repealed or difeonturned by any Aft or Afts of Parliament, (hall thenceforth be further continued, and be payable to and for the Ufe of His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflors; and fo much thereof as (hall amount to the Sum of One million and forty thoufand Pounds (hall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpofe of defraying the increafed Charge occafioned by the faid Sums of Eleven millions fix hundred thoufand Pounds, except the Charge in refpeft of fix hundred thoufand Pounds raifed for the Service of the Prince Regent aforefaid ; and alfo for the Purpofe of defraying the Charge occafioned by Seven millions nine hundred and thirty-two thoufand one hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills fu ded as aforefaid, until fome other Provifion (hall be made by Parliament for defraying the faid Charges; and in cafe there (hail be any Remainder of the Monica arifing by the faid Duties, after defraying the faid Charges, fuch Remainder or Surplus (hall, until the fame (hall be difeon tin ued or fperially appropriated by Parliament, be applicable and may be applied to fuch Ufcs af,d Purpofes as the Monies fcompofing the Confolidated Fund may by Law be applied.

IV.	And be it further tnafted, That the feveral Claufes, Powers, Provifions, Diieftions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in any Aft or Afts of Parliament contained, in relation to the faid feveral

, Duties

 LjOoq le

AJ>. i8o9*	49* GEO, IIL	^91,93,94*

Duties of Excite thereby refpe&iveiy granted, find the Drawbacks or Bounties of Excife allowed thereon refpe&iveiy, fbali remain and continue in force, and be refpe&iveiy applied, pra&ifed, and put in Execution in"refpe& of the faid feveral Duties, Drawbacks, and Bounties refpe&iveiy, or fucb Parts or Proportions thereof refpe&ively, as (hall from Time to Time be continued by virtue of this A&, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatfoever, as if the faid Ciaufes, Powers* Provifions, Directions, Fines, Pains,

Penalties, and Forfeitures were refpe&ively repeated and re-ena&ed in this A&.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, Thtt if any Perfon or Perfons (hall Forging o* forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged or counterfeited, ut^in6^T^ or {hall wilfully aid or affift in the forging or counterfeiting any Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders, made forth by virtue of	0f

this A&, or alter any Number, Figure* or Word therein, or prefent Clergy* for Payment, utter, vend, barter, or difpofe of any fiich forged* counterfeited, or altered Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders,

(knowing the fame to be forged* counterfeited* or altered,) then and in every fuch Cafe all and every fuch Perfon and Perfons being thereof convi&ed in due Form of Law, (hall be adjudged a Felon, and (hall lufFer Death as in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

CAP. XCIIL An Act to enable the Commiflioners of His Majefty’sTreafury, to iflue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of fuch Aids or Supplies as have been or (hall be granted by Parliament for _ the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nine.	[10th June 1809.]

u Treafury may iflue Exchequer Bills, in Manner preferibed by*

M 48 G. 3. c. 1. chargeable on Supplies of 1809, and payable at any " Time on Fourteen Days Notice. § 1, 2. But not to iflue Ex-“ chequer Bills on the Credit of 49 G* 3. c. 1. in any other Manner 4i than they are authorized by that A&, &c. § 3. Intereft on fuch u Exchequer Bills not exceeding 3\d. per Centum per Diem. $4.

“ Such Exchequer Bills may, at the Expiration of Four Months after M Date, be taken in Payment of the Revenue. $ 5. Bank of England u authorized to advance 6,000,000/. on Credit of this A&. § 6.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act for granting to His Majefty a Sum of Money to be raifed by Lotteries.	[loth	June	1809.]	"—

<c Number of Tickets 60,000. § 1. Amount of Prizes at a Rate not “ esceeding 10/. per Ticket. §4.

XI.	And be it enaft-d, That the faid Managers and Dire&ors i/,ft0ftiie (hall on each Day of Drawing, as foon as conveniently may be after Tickets of each the (aid Drawing is . oyer, caufe to be printed and publifhed complete Day's Drawing numerical Lifts of all the Tickets, as well Fortunate as Blank, which to be printed, (hall be drawn on each Day 5 and if any Contention or.Difpute (hall arife in the adjufting the Property of the faid Fortunate Tickets, it Onager*? 1 6 (hall be wholly in the Judgment of the major Part of the faid Managers and Dire&ors to determine to whom it doth or ought to belong: And

319

i*

 LjOOQle

ato

Penalty on forging Tickets, &c. Felony ‘Without Ocrgy.

Perfoiw (haring Tickets, &c. contrary to Licence (hall forfeit 1001.

Lottery Office* to be open from Eight till Eight. Penalty SOL

Lottery to be drawn in One Pay, to prerent lnfurances.

C.94.	496	GEO.	Itf.	AJJ.iSejK

if any Perfon or Perfons (hall forge or coouurfdt) 6f ctufe or predurfc to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly a€t or af&ft in the forging or counterfeiting, any Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders, made forth by virtue of this prefect A&, or alter any Number, Figure, Word, or Letter therein, or knowingly utter, vend, barter, or difpofe of, any fuch fslfe, altered, forged, or counterfeited Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders, or (ball bring any fuch forged or counterfeited Ticket, Certificate, or Order, or sny fuch Ticket, Certificate, or Order, the Number whereof, or any Figure, Word, or Letter therein, (hall have been altered, (knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited, or altered.) to the laid Managers and Diredfow, or any of them, or to the Cafhier or Cafhiers, or Accountant General ot the Bank of .England for the Time being, or to any other Perfon or Perfona wnatfoever, with a fraudulent Intention ; or (hall willingly aid, abet, aififi, hire, or command, any Perfon or Perfons to commit any fuch Offeoce or Offences as aforefaid, then, and in every fuch Cafe, all and every fuch Perfon or Perfons being thereof convi&ed in due Form of Law, (hall be adjudged a Felon, and (hall fuffer Death as m Cafes of Felony without Benefit of Clergy: Aod the faid Managers and Di-redtors, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized, required, and empowered, to caufe any Perfon or Perfons bringing or uttering fuch forged or counterfeited Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, Order of Orders, as aforefaid, or aiding, abetting, adfifting,. hiring, or commanding, any Perfon or Perfons therein, to be apprehended, and to commit him, her, or them, to His Majefty’s Gaol of Newgate* or to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where fuch Perfon or. Perfons (hall be fo apprehended, to be proceeded agUinft for the faid Felony according to Law.

44 Perfona licenfed to (hare Tickets (hall depofit 150 Tickets, or " more, as the Commiflioners (hall diredt. § 22. 28.

XXIX. And be k further ena&ed, That all and every Perfon aad Perfons who (hall divide Tickets into Shares, or iffoe Chances without the Authority of fuch Licence as aforefaid, or in any other Houfe or Place befides that named in the Licence, or in any other Manner contrary to fuch Licence, or to the Intent and Meaning of this Adt, (hah forfeit, for every fuch Offence, the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXII. And be it farther enadted, That no Inch Office for Lottery Tickets licenfed as aforefaid, (hall be open for the Tranfa&ion of any Bufinefa under fuch Licence before the Hour of Eight of the Clock in the Morning, nor after the Hour of Eight of the Clock in the Evening, except on the Evening preceding the Drawing of any Lottery; and if any fuch Office or Place fhali be wilfully lypfe open in point of Time contrary to this Adt, the Perfon or Perfons licenfe-d to keep fuch Office (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit Fifty Pounds.

XL. * And Whereas it is expedient for the more effe&ual Pre-• vention of Inforances and1 other illegal Pradliecs in Lotteries, that 4 each Lottery (hould be drawn in One Day Be it therefore further enadfed, That it (hall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commifliooers of His Majefty’s Trcafufy (or the Time being, to order and direft that each or any of the faid

^ottcrict

 ^.ooQle

«JLD'i8o9*	49*	GEO. Ill*	C>p4>9$#

Lotteries (hall be drawn in One Day, and to make fuch Regulations as to the preparing of any Books, and the Mode of numbering and marking of any Tickets, and alfo as to the Number of Tickets in any fuch Lottery, and the Forms and Numbers of Chances of Tickets in any fuch Lottery, and as to the Proportion of fuch Tickets to be drawn for the Purpofe of ascertaining the Fortunate Tickets, and the Mode of drawing the fame, and as to all other Matters and Things neceflary for drawing each or any-of fuch Lottery in One Day, as (hall appear to them to be expedient and proper for carrying into execution the furpofes aforefaid, and all fuch Rules, Regulations, Matters, and Things fo made, and which dudl be published in the Gazette Two Months at leaft before the drawing of any fuch Lottery, (hall be at good, valid, and effc&ual, as if the fame were enaded in this Ad.

XL I. And be it further enaded, That if any Pcrfon or Per fans CounterfeUiag (hail forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged or cqub» terfeited, or (hall willingly ad or afllft in the forging or counterfeiting,	wltho,lT

any Share or Shares, Chance or Chances, or any Agreement or Agree?- *** meats, for any Share or Shares, Chance or Chances <rcfpedively, of any Ticket or Tickets in any Lottery to be drawn in purfuancc of this Ad ; or alter any Number, Figure, Word, Letter, or Stamp, therein or thereon ; or (hall knowingly utter, vend, barter, or difpofe of any fuch forged, counterfeited, or altered Share or Shares, Chance or Chaaces, or Agreement or Agreements for any Share or Shares,

Chance or Chances of any Ticket or Tickets, with Intent to defraud any Perfon or Perfons, then, and in every luch Cafe, all and every Perfon and Perfons fo offending, and being thereof duly convided,

(hall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and fuffer as a Felon.

u Laft Lottery under 48 G. 3. c. 139. may be drawn in One Day ** under Dire&ion of the Treasury. § 6r.

\In all other Particulars this A8 is frecifelyJimilar to 47 <?. 3.^. 2. c. 9. mutatis mutandu.]

C A P. XCV.

An Ad: for further regulating the Conftitution of the Board of Commiflioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, a	[loth June 1809.}

WHEREAS by an Ad pafled in the Forty-fixtb Year of

His prefent Majefty, intituled. An A8 for making more 46 G. 3. c. 141* • effedual Provifion for the moreffetdy and. regular Examination and Audit ‘ of the Publick Accounts of this Kingdom, His Majefty was empowered § 2.

* to nominate and appoint fuch Number of Perfooa (including therein 'the Perfons who (hould at that Time hold the Situation of Com*

1 urnfiioners for auditing the Publick Accounts) as (hould make the * Number of fuch Commiftiooers amount to Ten in the whole, who * (hould thenceforth be the Commiflioners for auditing the Publick * Accounts of this Kingdom5 and the Commiflioners of the Treafury § j#

< were empowered to fubdivide the General Board of the faid Ten 1 Commiflioners into fuch and fo many Boards as te them (hould feem * expedient; and it was enaded,. that any Thing direded to be done $7.

‘ by the Commlflioner8 for auditing the Publick Accounts, or by	*

* any of the Boards into which the faid Commiflioners might be 1 divided, may be dyne by the Majority of the (aid Commiifipiicrs, or

‘by



an	'C.95>9<J.	49°	GEO.	III.	A.t). 1809.

*	by the Majority of any of the faid Boards rcfpeftively: And whereat

*	in purfuance of the faid recited Aft Ten Commiflioners were duly

*	appointed, but Doubts hare anfm what Number of Commiflioners

*	(hall be reqnifite to conftitute a General Board.of Commiflioners, 4 and alfo whether the Majority required by the faid recited Aft for 4 doing any Tning direfttd to be done by the faid Commiflioners muffc 4 be a Majority ot Co-nmiflioners aftually prefent at a Grne-al Board,

*	or the Majority of the whole Number of Ten Commiflioners ;* Be it therefore enafted and declared by the King’d moft Excellent Ma-jetty, by and with the Advice and Confcnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled,

F.re Com- *nd tyr the Authority of the fame. That any Five of the faid Com* miflionws Ml mifiioners (hall conftitute a General Board, and (hall have Power to do conftWte a any Aft, Matter, or Thing, which may be done by the Commiflioners General Board, by virtue of the faid recited Aft.

Majority of	II. And be it further enafted. That any Thing which is, under

General Board the Authority of the faid recited Aft, or the Afts therein referred prefent may aft. direfted to be done by the faid Commiflioners, may be done by the Majority of the Commiflioners aftually prefent at any fuch General Board, at which got left than Five Members (had be prefent as afore faid.

CAP. XCVI.

Aft: to provide for a durable Allowance of Superannuation to the Officers of Excife, under certain Rellriftions.

[loth June 1809]

4 'XTTHEREAS no ProviGon whatever is made by the Laws now 4 VV in force for fuperannuated aqd worn-out Officers, and other 4 Perfoos employed in the Revenue of Excife, to the great Dif-• couragement of fuch Officers and other Perfons, and the maniftft 4 Injury of the Revenue ; for Remedy thereof,* be it enafted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty,, by and with the Advice and Confcnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Treafury	Parliament aflembled,' and by the Authority of the fame. That from

empowered to and after the paffing of thi9 Aft, it (hall and may be lawful to and for grant Annuities the Lords Commiflioners of His Majefty*8 Treafury, or any Three^or out of the Excife more of them for the Time being, by Warrant under their Hands, Officers fa “ to £rant and allow out of the Revenue of Excife of England\ to any innuated/ ~ Officer or other Perfon who (hall have been employed in the faid Revenue fer and during the Space of Ten Years at the leaft, and who (hall by Age or Infirmity have become incapable of properly executing or performing the Duties of his Office, a Penfion, Annuity, or yearly Payment not exceeding Three-fourth Parts of the Average annual Amount of the Salary which (hall have been received by fuch Officer or other Perfon during the wholfc Period of Seven Years preceding the Refignation of fuch Officer or other Perfon.

And alfo	II.	Provided	always,	and be it further enafted, That it (hall and

Penfions to may be lawful to and for the Lords Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Officers faffenng Treafury, or any Three or more of them for the Time being, to grant jrTlTxecution^ *°d aH°w out °f faid Revenue of Excife to any fuch Officer or mieir Duty. other Perfon as aforefaid, who, by Accident met with in the Exccu* tion of his Duty, (hall be rendered totally incapable of performing the fame, noumhftanding fuch Officer or other Perfon may not have

been



A.D.i8op.	49®	GEO.	III.	C.$d.	S23

been employed in the Revenue of Excife the full Time before meti* tioned, a Penfion, Annuity, or yearly Payment not exceeding Three-fourth Parts of the annual Amount of the yearly" Salary a&ually received by or payable to fuch Officer or other Perfon, at the Time when fuch Officer or other Perfon {hall have met with the Accident by which he fhall have been fo rendered incapable of executing or performing his Duty : Provided alfor that nothing herein contained fhall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend to authorize or empower the Lords Commiffioners of His Majedy’s Treafury to grant or allow any Penfion, Annuity, or yearly Payment out of the Revenue of Excife, to any Officer or other Perfon whatever, except fuch Officer or other Perfon only who (hall at the Time of his Refigna-tion have been in the fair and bond fide Receipt, payable out of the faid Revenue of Excife, of at lead One hundred and eighty Pounds per Annum, nor in the Cafe of any Perfon under the Rank of a Com-miflioner, until it (hall have been certified to the faid Lords Com? miflioners, under the Hands of the Commiffioners of Excife, or the major Part of them for the Time being, that fuch Officer or other Perfon claiming or foliciting any fuch Penfion, Annuity, or yearly Payment as aforefaid, is from Age or Infirmity become incapable of properly executing or performing the Duty of fuch his Office or Station, and that he has been employed in the Service of the faid Revenue at lead Seven Years, arid what yearly Salary fuch Officer or other Perfon fhall have received for and during the preceding Seven Years, and that fuch Officer or other Perfon had, during his Employment, fupported the Charader of having faithfully difenarged the Duties of his Office or Station, or; in cafe of Accident as aforefaid, that fuch Officer or other Perfon has been by fuch Accident rendered totally unable to execute or perform the Duty of fucb bis O0icc or Station 5 any Thing in this A& to the contrary notwithflanding.

III. * And Whereas, for the Relief and Support of the inferior ‘ Officers of Excife when fuperannuated or worn-out, certain De-

*	du&ions have been for many Years lad pad, and are now made under ‘ the Dire&ions and Authority of Warrants of the Lords Commif-i fionersof His Majedy’s Treafury, out of the Salaries of Officers and 1 other Perfons employed in the Revenue of Excife: And whereas

*	the Commiffioners of Excife^ to whom the Money arifing by fuch

*	Dedu&ions is entruded, are prevented from making the greateft

*	Advantage thereof, for want of a Power to ved in fome of the joint i Stocks of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England; fuch Pact ' thereof as may not be immediately required to be expended Be it* therefore ena&ed, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Forlmprove-Commiflioners of Excife, or the major Part of them for the Time raent of Super-being, to ved in the Purchafe of any Share or Shares of any of the

joint Stocks of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England. any blifhed Coin-Sum or Sums of Money which fhall have been or fhall be colie&ed, mifliot.ers of granted, or appropriated for the Relief and Support of fuch fuper- Kxcifc may gnnuated or worn-out inferior Officers of Excife as aforefaid, and that inveft Money in all and every the Share and Shares of any of the joint Stocks of Jy n^s* TcTe Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, which fhall from Time m en * c* to Time be fo bought and purebafed by the faid Commiffioners of Excife, or the major Part of them for the Time being as aforefaid, fhall be transferred to the Account and kept in the Books of the Governor and Company pf the .Bank of England\ as the Share and

Shares



22^	^'9^97*9^'	49^	GEO* III*	A*D* i

Shares of and in foch joint Slocks refpcftively, of u the Truftees of the Fund, for the Relief and Support of fuperannuated or worn-out inferior Officers of Excifeand that the Two Commiffioners of Excife for the Time being who (hall be appointed by Warrant under His Majefky’s Sign Manual to prefide at all Meetings of the Board of Excife, and the Secretary to the (aid Board for the Time being, fhall have the foie Management, Difpofal, Sale, and Transfer of all the faid Share and Shares of the faid joint Stocks of Annuities fo entered and kept in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England as aforefaid, and any One or either of them (hall from Time to Time receive and give Receipts for all Dividends arifing therefrom: Provided always, that previous to any fuch Two Commiffioners and Secretary 6rft a&ing in fuch Management, Difpofal, Sale, or Transfer, or in the Receipt of fuch Dividends, and alfo upon every new Appointment in confequence of the Death* Rcfignatioo, or Removal of all or any of them* a Warrant (hall for tbst Purpofe be granted to fuch Two Commiffioners and Secretary for the Time being by the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for the Time being, or any Three of them, and produced to and depohted with the proper Officers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as the Authority for fuch Management, Difpofal, Sale, or Transfer, or the Receipt of fuch Dividends.

C A P. XCVII.

An Act for empowering the BoaiM of Ordnance to exchange Lands at Pyrfoet, in the? County of EJJ[ex% for other Lands in the faid Parift.	fioth	June	i&op.]

** His Majefty empowered (in confequence of any Agreement by “ the Matter-General of the Ordnance) to exchange any Piece of •f Land now vetted in him at Purjleet for any other Piece of Land ** there. § i. Money necettary to be paid for equalising iuch Ex-M change may be paid by Order of faid Matter-General, out of any u Monies applicable to the Ordnance Service. § 4, 5.

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act for repealing the feveral Duties of Cuftoms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.	[10th	June	1809.3	,

*	TT7HEREAS by an Aft patted in the Forty-third Year of the S3 6,8. s.68. * VV Reign of His prefen t Majefty, intituled. An Act to repeal the

4 Duties of Cujloms payable in Great Britan, and to grant other Duties 4 in lieu thereof 5 the Duties of Cuftoms were IQmplitied and confoii-

*	dated : And whereas many new and additional Duties of Cuftoms 4 have been from Time to Time granted fince the patting of the faid 4 Aft, and which for the better afeertaining the annual Produce and 4 Appropriation thereof have been kept diftinft and carried to feparate 4 Accounts, both in the Receipt thereof and in His Majefty’s Ex*

4 chequer, and the Computation of the Duties of Cuftoms has thereby 4 again become complicated and intricate : And Whereas it is expedient 4 for the affording Facility and Accommodation to mercantile Tranf-4 aftions, that the feveral Duties of Cuftoms now payable, (except

*	as is hereia-after provided,} ffiould be again confdidated: And

4 whereas



AJDy 18^9.

49° Geo. III.

C.98.	*2$

4 whereas it is neceffarv for carrying into Execution the Purposes 4 aforefaid, that all fuch Duties (except as in this Aft mentioned)

4 (hall ctafe and determine, and that other Duties of Cuftoms (hould 4 be granted in lieu thereof: And Whereas it will greatly Amplify the 4 keeping the publick Accounts of the Revenue of Cuftcra9, if the 4 Duties were received and accounted for annually in Two Sums only,

4 the one being the Produce and Amount of the Revenue of Cuftoms 4 granted to His M-»jefty as permanent Additions to the Revenue, and 4 made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain ; and the other 4 being the Produce and Amount of tht Duties of Cuftoms and Ton-4 nage granted to His Majefty, during the Continuance of the prefent 4 War, and until certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive 4 Treaty of Peace, and to be fo carried to account in the Exchequer 4 (except as hcrein-after is provided) j and that feparate Accounts for 4 Ten Years from the refpeftive Periods at which any of the faid 4 Duties were granted, (hould no longer be kept, but that in lieu .

4 thereof, Accounts (hould be laid before Parliament for fuch refpeftive * Periods as aforefaid, of the Produce of fuch Duties as far as the fame 4 can be afeertained: May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it 4 may be enacted and be it enabled by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice^and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the Fifth From 5 July Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nine, all and lingular l809*	,

the Subfidies, Cuftoms, Impofitions, or Duties whatever, (refpefting the Revenue of Cuftoms) payable to His Majefty, His Heirs and Sue- Drawback* ceffors, by virtue of any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force, on or taUceafr* immediately before the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nine, upon the Importation or Exportation refpeftively, # of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, into or from Great Britain, or upon any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, being brought or carried coaftwife, from one Port or Place in Great Britain to any other Port or Place within the fame, (except as in thi3 Aft mentioned,) or upon any Ship or Vtffel according to the Tcnnage thereof, entering or clearing OuUvards or Inwards at any Port within Great Britain, and the feveral and refpeftive Drawbacks allowed upon the Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize from Great Britain; and alfo all the additional Impods or Duties charged upon the Produft and Amount of the faid feveral Duties of Cuftoms, (hall ceafe and determine; fave and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering, allowing Except as to' or paying any Arrears thereof refpeftively, which may on the faid Fifth Arrau*, &e. Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nine, remain unpaid, or to any Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures relating thereto refpeftively, which (hall have been incurred at any Time before the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nine : Provided always, that Duties of nothing in this Aft contained (hall extend or be cohftrued to extend to repeal or anywile alter the Duties of Package, Scavage, Baillage, London or Portage, or any other Duties payable to the Mayor and Commonalty continued* and Citizens of the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor of the {aid City for the Time being, or to any other City or Town Corporate within Great Britain, or any other fpecial Privilege or Exemption, to which any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, is or are now enuded by Law, but the fame (haU be continued as heretofore.

49 Geo. III.

Q-

II. • An4

ed by :>ogle



zi6



49« GEO. HI.

A.D.1809.

From July 5, 1SJ9, Duties and Drawbacks in annexed Schedule and Tsil;lea fhall be levied, and allowed in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks.

Duties payable by Weight, &c. (hall be paid in proportion.

Tonnage Duties on Veffela to or from Foreign Farts fnall be paid each Voyage, according to their Regifter under

26 G. 3. c. 60.

All A&s relative to the Revenue of Cuftoms fhall be applied in Execution of Shis Aft,

II.	* And Whereaa it is neceffary that other Duties of Cuftoms

4 /hould be granted to Your Majefty in lieu of the Duties repealed by 4 this Ad; we Your Majefty*8 moft dutiful and loyal Subjefts the 4 Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in 4 Parliament affembled, hare therefore given and granted to Your 4 Majefty the feveral Duties of Cuftoms htrein-mfter mentioned, and do ‘ humbly befeech Your Majefty that it may be enafted \9 and be it therefore enafted, That from and after the faid Fifth Day of jluly One thoufand eight hundred and nine, in lieu and (lead of the Subfidits and Duties of Cuftoms hereby made to ceafe and determine, there lhall be raife-i, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majefty, Hia Heirs and Succeffors, in ready Money (except as herein-after is provided) without any Difcount whatever, upon Goods, Ware?, or Merchandize imported and brought into Great Britain from Parts beyond the Sea?, and upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize exported from Gredt Britain, and upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize brought or carried Coattwife from One Pott or Place in Great Britain to any othet Port or Place within the fame, and upon Ships or VefltD, according to the Tonnage thereof, entering Outwards or Inwards at any Port within Great Britain, the feveral Duties of Cuftoms as the fame are refpeftively inferted, defcribcd, and fet forth in Figures in the Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked A. B. C. ard D. ; and that there fhall alfo be paid or allowed the feveral Drawbacks of the faid Duties of Cuftoms, as the fame are alfo refpeftively inferted, described, and fet forth in Figures in the faid Schedule and Tables marked A. and B.; any Law, Cuftom, or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.	'

III.	And be it further enafted, That the Duties granted and impofc d •by this Aft, and made payable according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, Meafure, or Value of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize charged with fuch Duties, fhall b.* charged and payable upon any greater or lefa Weight, Number, Quantity, or Value thereof than the Weight, Number, Quantity, or Value particularly inferted, deferibed, and fet forth in the Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed marked A. B. and C. in proportion to the aftual Weight, Number, Quantity, or Value of fuch Goods, Wares, or Merchandize.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That the feveral Duties of Ton-, nage hereby impofed on Ships and Veffels entering Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign Parts, fhali be paid to the proper Officer appointed to receive the fame on the Entry Outwards, and within

- Fourteen Days after the Report Inwards, each and every Voyage any fuch Ship or Vcffe! fhall fo enter Outwards or report Inwards at any Port within Great Britain, and th^t the Tonnage of every fuch Ship or Vcffcl, being Briiifb*built or Briti/b-owntd, fhall be computed and taken according to the Regifter thereof, under the Proviflons of an Aft paffed in the Twenty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An AQ for the further Increafe and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, and that the Tonnage of every other Ship or Vcffcl, in cafe ot any Doubt or Difpute relative thereto, fhall be afeertained by Admeasurement, in the Mode and Manner preferibed and direfted by the faid Aft.

V.	And be it further enafted. That every Aft of Parliament in force on and immediately before the Fifth Day-of 7uly One thoufand eight hundred and nine, by which any Rules, Regulations Conditions,

6 -	or



Google



A.D. 1869.	490 GEO. IH.	C.98.

or Reftriftions were made, eftablifhed, or direfted, for the afcertaining the Value of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or for the remitting or allowing of any Deduftion of any Duties on account of Damage, or for the better lecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms, or for the regular ImpQrtation into or Exportation from Great Britain, or the bringing or carrying Coaft wife, or from Port to Port within Great Britain, or tne entering, landing, or (hipping of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever, except where any Alteration is exprefsly made by, this Aft, and all Provifions, Claufes, Matters, and Things relating thereto, (hall, and are hereby declared to be ard remain in full Force, and Effeft, and (hall be applied to the Subjeft of this Aft, and for carrying the fame into Execution as fully and tfftftually as if they had been repeated and re enafted in this prefent Aft.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That the Duties of Cuftoms by, Continuance of this Aft impofed on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on Ships Temporary or and Veffels according to the Tonnage thereof, and which are parti- War Dunes Six cularly deferibed and fet forth in Figures in the Schedule and Tables R^fication^fa hereunto annexed, marked A. B. C* and D. under the Title and De- Treaty of Peace, feription of Temporary or War Duties, (hall continue in Force during'

the Continuance of the prefent War, and fot'Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That the Duties impofed by this Continuance of Aft upon the Importation of Sugar, and inferted, deferibed, and fet Duties on Sugar forth in the Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked A. B. 25,f*18i^ and C. (hall continue and be in Force until the Twenty-fifth Day of ^umler*6 ^' March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, and no longer; and 49G. c. 1. (hall be appropriated, applied, and accounted for, according to~ the

Provifions of an Aft paffed in the prefent Srfiion of Parliament, intituled, An A8 for continuing to His MfjeJly certain Duties on Malt,

Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain,• and on PenJionsy Offices, and Perfonal Efates in ¥Lng\&n6,for the Service of the Tear One thoufani eight hundred and nine, and that a feparate Account of fuch Duties (hall be kept at the Cuftom Houfe diftinft and apart from all other Duties of Cuftoms, and the fame (hali be paid into the Exchequer pur-fuant to the Provifions of the faid recited Aft, as to the Duties by the faid Aft granted on Sugar.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That whenever it (hall appear by -When Average

Notice in the London Gazette, in Manner direfted by an Aft paffed in Trice of Brow* the Forty-fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Maiefty, intituled, °r Mufcovado An A8 for granting to His Majtfly during the prefent War, and for Six- 49^*433. ^47*. Months after the Expiration thereof by the Ratification of a Definitive pcrCwt. is. 2s. Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on certain Goods, Wares, and Mer • or 3s. of the War chandize, imported into and exported from, or brought or carried Coaf<wife' Buty may be within Great Britain, .that the Average Price ot Brown or Mufcovado	G®8*

Sugar, taken in Manner direfted by the faid recited Aft for Four $10.32£*3* Months preceding the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of Mayy c, 43* there and the Fifth Day of September rdpeftively in every Year, (hall be referred to; anti below Forty-nine Shillings the Hundred Weight, then and in fuch Cafe alf° 49	3*

it (hall be lawful for the Lord High Trcafurer, or the Lo$ds Comraif-. Ct 43*1 fioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or any Three or more of them, for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized to fufpend, until a,, new Average according to the faid recited Aft (hall be published, the Sum of One Shilling in the Hundred Weight, Part of the Temporary or War Duty on Sugar by this Aft granted \ And if fuch Average

Qja	Price



Google

ia8	C.98.	49*	GEO.	IH.	A.D.i8»9^

Saving for

the lVovifion* of U rtion aa», &c. between I heat Britain and Ireland, refpcfling Duties on Goods imported or e»pcned.

Price (hall be below Forty.eight Shillings, then Two Shillings of the faid Duty ; and if fuch Average Price (hall be below Forty-feven Shillings, then Three Shillings nf fuch Duty ; and to continue froni Time to Time, if the Cafe (hall fo require, according to the Averages publifhed as afortfard.

IX.	Prwid'd a ways, and be it further enatted, That nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to repeal or alter rn.y of the Provifions contained in Two Ads for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland\ the one made in the Parliament, of Great Britain in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His prefen t Majefty’s Reign, and the other made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His prefect Majefty's Reign, or any other Ad or Ads in Force on or immediately before the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nine, by which'any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported from Ireland into Great Britain, or any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from Great Britain to Ireland, are refpedively made to remain liable to, or are charged with or exempted from any Duties of Coftoms, whether countervailing or others, or by which any Drawbacks or Bounties are allowed or given in refped of any fuch Goods, Wares, or Merchandize.

“ Ad (hall not repeal or affed Tonnage Duties under the London Port “ Ad, 39 G. 3. c. lxix.: or the Quarantine Ad 45 G. 3. c. ro.—§ 10.

{hail net XI. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That nothing in this afTra Duties Ad contained (hall extend or be con ft rued to extend to or in any way uudef	to affed, alter, vary, or repeal any of the Duties granted by or any of

48 0.3. t. 26.	Provifions contained in an Ad paffed in the laft Seffion of Parlia-

ment, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majejly, until the End of the next SeJJion of Parliament, Duties of Cujloms on the Goodst Wares., or Merchandize, therein enumerated, in Furtherance of the Provifions of jeer* tain Orders in Council; or in an Ad paffed in the fame Sefficto of Par-48 6.3. c.35. liaraent, intituled, An A3 for impofing. until the End of the next SeJJion of Parliament, a Duty on Cotton Wool, the Growth of the Britifti Colonies, exported from Great Britain 5 or the Provifions contained in 48 G.a. e.37. another Ad paffed in the fame Seffion of Parliament, intituled. An A3 for making valid certain Orders in Council, and Warrants of the Commif-Jioners of the Treafury. for the Entry and Warehoufing of certain Goods imported in Neutral Vejfels. and for indemnifying all Perfons concerned therein ; for the remitting of Forfeitures in certain Cafes 5 and for cncdfijng His Majejly to allow, during the Continuance of Hojlilides, and until Twq Months after the Commencement of the \iext SeJJion of Parliament, the Importation of Goods from Countries from which the Britifti Flag is ex- * eluded, in any Vejfels whatever, or in an Ad paffed in the fame Seffion $sG. 3. c. 71- of Parliament, intituled, An A3 to amend Jo much of Two Ads of this SeJJion of Pari'ament, for carry ing into Execution certain Orders in Council, as relates to the Duties on Goods exported from the Warehoufes in which they have been fecured on Importation, and on certain Prize Goods imported into Great Britain or Ireland.

M Ad (hall not affed Duties under 45 G. 3. e. 10. $ 12. See § 10.

XIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That Fi(h of every Kind or Sort whatever of Britijh taking and curing, caught. Or taken in any Part of the Ocean by the Crews of any Ships or Vcffels built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Iffandg of Jcrfey% Gncmfey% or Man,

r.fli of iwtifli fftkingand curing may he imported In BritHW Ships Duty free.

 i^ooQle

A.D.1809.	49° GEO. lit.	C.y8.	ity

or in any of the Colonies, Plantations, Iflands, or Territories which

now belong, or at the Time of building fuch Ships or Veflels did

belong, or which m^y hereafter belong to or be in the Poffeffion of

His Majefty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, and wholly belonging to and

owned by His Majcfty's Subjeds, and navigated and r<-giftered ac*

cording to Law, (hall and may be imported into Qreat Britain in Ships

built, owned, navigated, and regiftered as aforefaid, without payment

of any Duty of Cuftoms whatever; any Thing in this Ad or any

other Ad or Ads to the contrary thereof in anywife notwiih-

ftanding : Provided always, that before fuch Fi(h (hail be adnvtted to Oath onEutr^.

Entry, the Mafter or other Perfon having the Command of the Ship

or VtjTel in which fuch Fifh fhall be imported, {hall make Oath before

the Colledor or other Chief Officer of the Cuftoms, at the Port of

Importation (who is hereby authorized and required to adminifttr i

fuch Oath) That fuch Fifh was aftually caught, taken, and cured	...

wholly by His Majeft^s Subjeds.

XIV.	Provided alfo, and be'it further enaded, That nothing in this l&eroptions

Ad contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend, to charge with J[oni Ao"ntSc the Duty of Tonnage by this Ad impofcd, any Ship or VtfTcl VeffeU^Veflys employed in the Fifheries on the Coaft of Great Britain, and not iR &c.* entering outwards for Foreign Parts, or to charge the faid Tonnage	*

puty on any Briti/b built Ship or Veffel owned by Britijh Subjtds,

which is not required to be regiftered by any Ad or AQs ot Parliament

in Force, on or immediately before the faid Fifth Day of July One

tboufaod eight hundred and nine, or on any Ship or VefTei whatsoever.

which (hall enter Outwards or Inwards in Ballad only: Provided Saving for Draw J

always, that nothing in this Ad contained jfhall extend or be conftrued backs allowed to

to extend, to repeal or-difeontinue anv Drawback of the Dupks 6f

Cuftoms on any Sort of Wine intended for the Ufe of Admirals,

Captains, and other Commiffioned Officers ferving in any of His the Ufe 0$ Majefty^ Ships of War by any Ad or Ads of Parliament in Force on Seamen., or immediately before the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nine, or to prevent Tobacco for the Ufe and Cbnfump-tion of the Crew of any Ship of War in adual Service, being removed for that Purpofe from the Warehouse in which it may have been de-pofited without Payment of any Doty of Cuftoms, in Cafes wherein Tobacco might have been fo removed .by virtue of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in Force on or before the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight .hundred and nine: Provided always, that all the Conditions. Regulations, and Rcftridions contained in any Ad or Ads of Parliament in Force immediately before the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nine, relating refpcdivelr to any fuch Drawbacks of the Duties of Cuftoms, or to any fuch Tobacco rcfpedively, fhall be duly obferved and enforced in relation thereto.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That nothing in this Ad contained Daties ftnJl aet (hall extend or be conftrued to extend, to compel the Proprietor or be payable on Proprietors of Goods, Warts, or Merchandize, to pay the Duties

upon the Importation or Landing thereof, in Cafes in which (uch J^wbe**1* Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, might on or immediately before the warehouW* faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nine, have been at the R-quell of the Importer or Proprietor thereof, lodged and fecurcd in Warehouses, or in any Places approved of for that Pur* pole, by the Lord High Treafurcr or the Commiffioncrs of His ■	QjJ	Majefty’s



Google



t)utie» under this A& fhall be paid on taking out Goods allowed to be delivered for Home Confump-tion; having been warehoufed before 5 July .aao9.

* 1

t;. fWj. :o

Goodslmpotted By tbe Edt1 ! India Gorrt party and warehoufed under 39 G. 3. c. 39. and Prize Goods warehoufed under 43 G. 3. c. J34. fraudulently removed, ihall be forfeited.

C.98.	4p°	GEO.	III.	AJD.1809.

M^fty’s Treafury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them,

pr by the Commiffioners of tne Cultoms in England\ or any Four or koore of them,,or the Commiffioners of the Cultoms in Scotland\ or any Three or more of them, under the Provilions of any Aet or A 6b of Parliament in force, on and immediately before the laid Fifth Day pf July One thoufand eight hundred and nine, during the Continuance of any fuch A6t or A6ts refpe&ivtly : Provided alfo, that in cafe the Imp orter or Proprietor of any Goods, Warts, and Merchandize which fhall have been lodged in Warthoufes or otherwife fecurcd, by virtue of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force, on or immediately before {he faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nine, ancl on which the Duties due on the Importation thereof (hail not have been paid,* (lull be defirous of taking any fuch Goods out of fuch Warehoufe, or from any P ace wherein fectired for the Purpofe of being ufed or confumed in Great Britain* then and in fuch Cafe, the Duties impofed by this Ad (hall be payable thereon, except as hereinafter is provided, notwithftanding fuch Goods may have been imported into Great Britain, and warehoufed before the faid Fifth Day of July Dne thoufand eight hi^dred, and nine: Provided aifo, that nothing fcerein contained, Ihail extend or be cqnftrucd to extend, to permit any Goods to be delivered from fucji Warehoufe or Place, for the Purpofe of being ufed or confumed in Great Britain unlefs fuch Goods could have fieen {awfully fo delivered, {0 be ufed or confumed before the faid Fifth D*y of Jply One thoufand eight hundred and nine.

** Duty under 43 G* 3. c. 70; made payable by 43 G. 3. c. 132. §22. 4i on Warehoufed Goods, fhall not be paid on iuch Goods, though ** watrehoufed before 5th July 1809. § 16.

XVII. be it further ena&ed, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imported into this Kingdom by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, warehoufed or otherwife fecured under the Authority of an A& paffed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His prefent Majefty’a Reign, intituled, An A3 for permitting certain Goods imported from the Eaft Indies, to be ware* houfedt and for repealing the Duties now payable thereony and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, or of any Goods, Warts, or Merchandize £ajgen and condemned as Prize, and warehoufed or other wile fecuied tinker the Authority of an Ad paired in the Forty-third Year of His prefent Majtfty’s Reign, intituled. An A3 for the Relief of the Captors of Prixes with refpe3 to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in preat Britain during Hojlilities, (hall be embezzled or fraudulently or clandeftinely hid or concealed in, or fraudulently or clandtftinely removed from or out of any Warehoufe pr Place wherein the fame (hall faave been fo lodged or fecurcd, all fuch Goods, Wares, or Merchandize fo embezzled or fraudulently or clandeftinely hid or concealed or removed, together with the Packages containing the fame, fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms or of Excife in Cafes where that Revenue is concerned, and the Perfon or Perfons fo embezzling, hiding, concealing, or removing the fame, or aiding or affilting therein, or to whofe finds the fame fhall knowingly come, ihall be ftibje& and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as if fuch Goods, Wares, and Merchandize had been fraudulently uafhipped or landed without Payment of Duty.

'	XVIII.



Google

A.D. rtop.	490	GEO.	ill.	C.pfc.	331

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That where by tHe T\able Value of Eaft hereunto annexed, marked (B.), the Duties of Cuftoms hereby irrt- I»^»a Goods pofed upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported by the United ^0^0v flail* Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies afe u-afeeruinrd by charged not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Meafure, but the grols Price at according to the Value thereof, fuch Value (hall be ascertained by the dfeirSalos. [&e Grofy Price at which fuch Goods, Wares, or Merchandize (hall be fold at'the Publick Sales of the faid Company, and the laid Duties	1

(hall be paid thereon accordingly as the fame are inserted, deferibed,

. and fet forth in Figures in the faid Table marked (B.).

4' Duties under this Aft (hall be payable on Goods imported by the *• Eafl India Company remaining in Warehoufe unfold aftcr^th Ju(y .

(i 1809, though imported before. § 19. No Pepper fold at the India	*	*

“ Company’s Sales after June 1, 1804, (hall be taken out of Ware- ' lt houfe till the Duty under this Aft be'paid. §20.*	J

“ XXL 4 And whereas by this Aft Duties of Cuftoms are payable ' on certain Articles according to the true and real Value thereof, to ‘ be ascertained by the Grofs Price at which fuch Goods (hall hare

*	been publickly fold at the Sales of the United Company of Mef-1 chants of England trading to the Eafl Indus : And whereas raiieh

4 Inconvenience and Delay hath arifen in the Payment of the Duties..............

■4 and Delivery of Articles brought from the Eafl Indies, cither as ‘ Presents or for private Ufe, particularly Specimens of Natural 4 Hiftoay, Models, Drawings, and other Articles tending to iliuftrate 4 or improve the Arts or Sciences, arifing from the Ncceffity of fuch 4 Articles being expofed to Publick Sale by the Eajl India Company,

*	in order to ascertain the Value^accord»ng to which the Duties 4 payable by Law are to be levied and collefted, and inch Articles ‘ -are alfo thereby frequently expofed to great Injury and Damage :

4 And whereas it is expedient in order to remedy fuch Inconvenience

*	and "Delay, that the Duties of Cuftoms payable on fuch Gdods 4 (hobId be afeertained without the fame being in future expofed to

4 Poblick Sale ;* Be it therefore enafted. That tromVnd after the Fifth Perfons bringing Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nine, it (hall and may Gopd», from the be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons who (hall import, or bring into h^us of the Eaft Gfeat Britain from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charters Tra^e.	3

granted to the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to Prefenta, or for the Eajl Indies any of the Articles before-mentiohed, or any Articles private Ufe, may whatever (not being prohibited to be uf*d or cOnfumed in Great enter Britain), on which the Duties of Cuftoms are now chargeable according ^cVaJuafballbo to the Value thereof, either as Ptefents or for private Ufev and not by De^ratioa aMa way of Merchandize, to enter the fame with the proper Officers of His cafe of Good* no Majetty’s Cuftoms, fuch Good* having been firft lodged andhoufed in imported by the Warehoufts according to Law, and that the Value of fuch Goods Company, according to whifti the Duties of Cuftoms are due and payable, (hall be afeertained according to the Declaration of the Value thereof, to be made'by the Owner or Proprietor, or bis known Agent, in the like Manner and Form, and under all the Rules, Regulations, and Reftridions, and fubjtft and liable to fuch and the like Forfeitures and'

Penalties a* are prdcribed, direfted, and impofed, with refpeft to Goods not imported by the Eafl India Company, and on which the Duties Of Cuftoms rte payable according to the Value thereof.

Qjf	44 Goods

 LaOOQle



After the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, Eall India Company may fell for HomeConfump-tion or Exportation India Silk Handkerchiefs iubjeft to Duties |»der this Ad*

Limitation of the Quantity for Three Years.

Like Bounty fhall be allowed on Exportation of Sugar, if refined from Sugar imported by the Eaft India Company as if • from Britifh Plantation fiugar.

Where Goods are chargeable according to the Value, it frail be eonfidered on Importation as at the Port of importation, which frail be

C.98.	49#	GEO. III.	A.D.1809.

u Goods for private Ufe. &c. on which Duties have not been paid, “ may be entered, and Value afcertaitied, although imported before €t July 5, 18095 Proof being given that they were for private

V Ufe. § 22.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the Termination of the War by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, it (hall and may.be lawful for the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies, to expofc to Sale either for the Purpose of being worn or ufed in Great Britain, or for Exportation, any Silk Handkerchiefs of the Manufadurc of Perjia, China, or the Eajl Indies, that fhall have been or may thereafter be fecured in the Warehoufcs of the faid United Company, fubjed neverthelefs to the Duties by this Ad impofed, or which may hereafter be impofed thereon ; and all fuch S lk Handkerchiefs on which fuch Duties (hall have been duly paid, (hall and may be worn or ufed in Great Britain, or fold or expofed to Sale therein, and (hall not be fubjed to Seizure or Forfeiture, nor (hall the Pcrfon or Perfons who (hall wear or ufe the fame, or who (hall fell or expofe to Sale the fame, or have the fame in his, her, or their Cuftody or Pofiefiion, be liable to any Penalty or Penalties, or Fine or Fmes whatever on account thereof dny Law, Cuftom, or Ufage, to the contrary notwithdanding.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That for the Space of Tnree Years from and after the faid Ratification, the faid United Company (hall not, in any One Year, fell or expofe to Sale a

freater Quantity of fuch Silk Handkerchiefs than Fifty thoufand ‘icces, awT that fuch Fifty thoufand Pieces (hall be of the ufuai Length, and of the Sorts that (hall have been ufually expofed to Sale.

XXV.	4 And Whereas certain Bounties are allowed on the Ex-* portation of Refined Sugar, produced from Raw Sugar imported * from the Britijb Plantations in America: And Whereas it is ex-4 pedient that the like Bounties (hould be allowed on the Exportation 4 of Refined Sugar produced from Sugar imported by the United 4 Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies Be it therefore enaded, That from and after the faid Filth Day of July Oit thoufand eight hundred and nine, there (hall he paid and allowed on the Exportation of Refined Sugar produced from Sugar imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies, t e like Bounty as is now or hereafter may be allowed by Law on the Exportation of the hke Sort or Defcription of Refined Sugar, produced from Raw Sugar imported from the Briti/b Plantations in America, fubjtd in every Refp d to the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Rcilrid'ons, Penalties, and Forfeitures, now by Law pradifed and applied with refptd to the Bounty allowed on the Exp< nation of Refined Sugar.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded, That in all Cafes where by the Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed the Duties of Cuftoms by this Ad impofed upon the Importation of Goods, Wares, and .Merchandize into Great Britain, arc charged, not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Meafure, hut according to. the Value thereof, luck Value (hall be taken and confidered as the fame (hall he at the Port of Importation, without any Abatement or Dedudion whatever, except of io much as the Duties payable ou the Importation .thereof .by t&s



Google

AJ). 1809.	49c GEO. IH.	C.98.

Ad (hall amount to* and that fuch Value (hall be afcertaincd (except as in this Ad is provided) by the Declaration of the Importer or Proprietor of fuch Goods, Wares, or Merchandize fo imported, or of his known Agent or Fa&or, in the Manner and Form, and under all the Rules and Regulations, and fubjrd to the Rules and Regulations, and fubjed to the fame Forfeitures and Penalties, as are preferibed, direded, and imDofed for afccrtaining and collecting Duties to be paid according to the Value thereof, by an Ad pafled in the Twenty-feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent M«*j?fty, intituled, An Act for repealing the fevetul Duties of Cuftoms and Excife, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the /aid Duties, together with the other Duties com* pofing the Publick Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods % IVares, and Merchandise, the Produce or Manufafture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom: and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives to the Reduftwn of the National Debt, and in cafe fuch Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, (hall not be valued according to the true and real Value thereof, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, then it (ball be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms to caufe the fame to be detained, and the faid Goodsy Wares, or Merchandize, (hail be dealt with, and the proper Officers of the Cuftoms (hall proceed in every Refpvd in the Manner preferibed in fuch Cafe by the faid recited Ad;

XXV1J. And be it further eoad *d. That in all Cafes where, by the Schedule annexed marked A. the Duties ©f Cuftoms by this Ad infc-pofed upon the Exportatiori of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize from Great Britain, and charged, not' According to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Meafbre, but according to the Value thereof, fuch Value (hall be taken and confidered as the fame (hall be at the Port of Exportation. without any Dcdudion or Abatement whatever, except of fo much as the Duties of Cuftoms paid or payable thereon at the Time of the Entry of fuch Goods, Wares, and Merchandize (hall amount to, and that fuch Value (hall be afeertain d (except as in this Ad is provided) by the Decoration of the ^Exporter or Proprietor of fuch Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, or ot his known Agent or Fador, in the; Manner and Form, and under ail the Rules, Regulations, and Reftridions, and fubjrdto theriame Forfeitures and Penalties as are prtforibed, dirtded, and jmpofed far'afeertaimng and colleding the Duties to be paid according to thd Value thereof, by the faid recited Ad paffed irr the Twenty-leventh Year of the Reign of His prefent 'May? fly; and in cafe any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize (hall not be valued according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, then it (had be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms to caufe the fame to be detained, and the faid Good?, Wares, or Merchandize lha!l be dealt with, and tfie proper Officers of the Cuftoms (hall proceed in every Rcfped except as herein after ia provided, in the. Manner preferibed in iuch Cafe by the faid recited Ad.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enadtd, That in cafe an) Goods, Wares, or Merchandize^ Tabjed to Duty on Exportation by this Ad, according to the Value thereof, (hall on Examination by the proper Officer's of the Cufftoms, be found to be under-valued, and (hall on that Accoucf? be detained,* the Exporter or Proprietor (hall in fitch Cafe be paid the Value of fuch Goods, Wares, and Merchandize,

*33

afeertained according to 27 G.O.c. 13*

§ 17, 18. and if not truly rained they maybe detained; [See $ 18. 21,22.08 to Eaji India Good*.]

On Exportation the Value ihall be confidered as at the Port of Exportation, &c» asunder 27 o. 3. c. 13.

§ 19.

In cafe Goods be undervalued the Exporter ihall be paid according to the Declaration made on Entry, and the Goods detained.

.C.9&

49* GEO. III.

A.D; 1^09.

3f on making Entry of Britifli Goods for Exportation the real Value cannot he afcertainetl,

Oatliof thcFaA, and Bond being given for the Duties, &c.

chandize, according to the Declaration made the *Entry thereof for Exportation, together with the Amount 4f the Ctrfloros paid thereoo,at the Time of the Entry thereof, without any further Allow* ance whatever; any Thing in the faid recited Adi pafied in the Twenty ftventb Year of His prefcnt Majtfty, or in any o‘her Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary thereof not with landing.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted, That if at the Time of making the Entry for the.Exportation of any Goods, Warts, or Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Man u fa ft ore of Great Britain, on which the Duties of Cuftoms by this Aft granted, are charged in the Schedule

_____________ hereunto	annexed	marked	(A.),	according to the Value thereof, the

Importation may Exporter or Proprietor of fuch Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, be jK-rmittcd on fG entered for Exportation, his known A^ent or Faftor (hall not be able to afeertain the true and real Value thereof, it fhall be lawful for the Colleftor and Comptroller of the Cuftoms at the Port of Exportation, to permit fuch Exporter or Proprietor, Agent or Faftor, to (h»p or export fuch Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, upon making Oath that fuch real Value cannot be ascertained, and upon Bond being given cither by the Exporter or Proprietor of fuch Goods, Warrs, or Merchandize, or by the known Agent or Faftor of fuch Exporter or Proprietor, to His Majtfty, His Heirs and £ncc» fibre, with one fttf-ftcieot Surety in Treble the Amount of the fuppofed or eftimated»Duty on the Value of fuch Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, conditioned for the Payment of the Duties hereby impofed, withio Three MoKths, Jtnd according to the true and real Value thereof, and for producing the Invoice and Bills of Parcels, or fuch other Documents as fhzil rbe required by the Colleftor and Comptroller of the Cuftoms at the Port of Exportation, in cafe the Produftion thereof fhhll be thought neceffary by fuch Officers of the Cuftoms, for the Purpofc of 4afcer-taining the true and real Value of fuch Goods, Wares, or Mercband z«, fo exported as aforefaid.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it further enaft-d, That upon wthe Exportation of all Goods, Wares, and Merchahdize, of which .the real Value cannot be afeertained, and in Cafes where the Duties are allowed to be fecored by Bond as aforefaid, the Name of the aftual and real Exporter, whether fuch Exporter (hail be the Proprietor or the Agent or Faft re of the Proprietor, (hall be declared in the Entry, together with the Name of the Agent or Faftor making the Entry, and giving futh. Bond, and the Decoration of the Value of fuch Goods, Wares, and > Merchandize, according to which the Duties fhall be afeertained and paid, and the Bond cancelled, (hall in all fuck Cafes be figned by fuch aftual and real Exporter, and not by any Clerk, Agent, or Broker, of fuch Exporter.

XXXI.	And bt it further cnafted. That if any Exporter of any Value for making fuch Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, entered for Exportation, fhall a fklfe Dedara- knowingly and fraudulently make any falfc Declaration of the Value

of any luch Goods, Wares, or .Merchandize, after the fame (hall have been allowed to be (hipped for Exportation, every fuch Exporter fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit a-Sum equal to the true and real Value of all fuch Goods, Wares, or Merchandize.

XXXII.	And be it further enaft-d, That m cafe any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize upon which Doties of Cuftoms are hereby

, . ,	impofed, (hall be detained by any Officer of .th? Cuftoms on account

valued,"to ^' tbe fame not being valued according to tht true and real Value

thereof.

The Entry (hall ftate whether the Exporter is Proprietor or Ageut, &c.

Penalty of tree

turn.

Commlffionears of the Cuftoms may dire<ft Goods



Google

49® GEO, III.	C.98.	235

thereof, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, be delivered, 81c. it, {hall and may be lawful for the Gommiffioners of His Majefty’s on Proof that Cuftoms in England, for the Time being, or any Four or more of th$m* !10 w“ and the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms in Scotland for the lnteu e *

Time being, or any Three or more or them, upon Proof being made

to their Satisbdion that no Fraud was intended, to dirtdthe Goods

to be. delivered, and the Entry to be amended, upon fuch Terms and

Conditions aa under, the Circumftances of the Cafe fhall appear to the

faid Gommiflioners of the Cuftoro3 in England and Scotland refpedively

to be reafonable* and as they (hall think tit to dirid; Provided Proprietor fhafl

always, that if the, Importer, Exporter, or Proprietor of fuch Goods, not have

Wares, or Merchandize, (hall accept the Terms or Conditions prey Swages.

fcribtd by the faid .Comraiflioners of the Cuftoms refpedively, fuch

Importer, ..JExporter, . or Prpprietor fhall jiot have or be entitled

to anv .Recompence or Damage, on account of the Detention of

fuch Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or have or maintain any Adion

whatever for the fame.; any Law, Cuftom, or Ufage to the contrary

notwithstanding.

Recital of 45 G. 3. c, 156 for enabling the Treafury to purchafe “ the Prifagc and Butlerage cf Wines; and 46 G. 3. c. 79. confirming *f an Agreement for purchase thereof in' certain Ports from the ** Duke of Grafton. * AU Monies on account of Prifage and Butlerage *' of Wine received fince July 5, 1806, fhall be paid over to the

Colicdor of the! Cuftoms . ^ 33. Produce of Compofition for

Prifage received fince 3 July 1806, (hail be paid in like Man- ~

“ ner. § 34*

XXXV. And be it further enad?d, That from and after the Fifth After 5 July thy of July One thoufand eight hundred and nine, no Wine of any 5 809, no Wtoe Sptt fhall be admitted to Entry for Prifage cither in the Port of (ball be admitted London pr either of thofe Ports in England where the Right of Prifage jjss been fo purchafed as aforefaid, but that Wine imported into Prifage; but London* or either of the faid Ports, fhall from and after the fyid Fifth {hall pay Duties Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nine, be fubjed and of regular liable to the.Duties of Cuftoms, and no other, as in Cafes ot regular toportatio*. Importation, as tlyr fame are deferibed and fet forth in Figures iu the Schedule to ttys Ad annexed, marked (A).-

, XXXV,I. And {>e it further enaded, That from and after the Fifth After 5 .tuly Day of JufyOne thoufand eight hundred and nine, the Duty called 18°9> Butlerage .Butlerage, ,«snd the Money formerly received by any or either of the	cea*e*

Deputies the faid Duke of Grafton* or any other Pcrfon for him or them under the Denomination of Compofition, fhall ceafe, determine, and he no longer due §od payable.

XXXVII. And;be it further cnadrd, That before any Blubber, Or Entry of Train Oil, or Spermaceti Oil* or Head Matter, or Whale Fins, im- Blubberand Oil, ported into Gnat Britain, as being the Produce of Filh, or Creatures &e. as imported living in the Sea, taken and. caught by the Crew of a Britijh-built in Britifli Ship* Ship or VtfTcI wholly owned by His Majefty’s Subjeds, ufually refiding in Crept Britain* Ireland, or the Iflands of Gdernfey, Jerfey, Oath fhaU be * Alderney, Sark, ox Man* regiftered and navigated according to L*w, made of the Hull he admitted .to Entry on Payment of the Duty by this Ad Fa&s, &c. impofed on fuch Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil,-Head Matter, or Whale Fins refmdively when imported in fuch Shipping, th*

Mailer or other Perkm having or taking the Charge or Command of

the



536

C.p8.

490 GEO. III.

A.D.1809.

Ofr Entry of Hhtbber and Oil, &c. as of the Britlfh^Fifhery of Newfoundland, &c. the Mafter Dial I produce a Certificate from the Officer of CuttOins, See. at the Port in the Colony, and • make Oath of the Facte, Sccr

the Ship or Veflei in or on board of which the faid Articles fhall be imported, fhall make Oath before the Colleftor or Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Cuftoms at the Port in Great Britain into which the fame fhall be imported, who ia hereby authorised and required to adminifter the fame, that the fame was or were bona Jide the Produce of F»fh or Creatures living in the Sea, aftually taken and caught by the Crew of any fuch Ship or Veflei 5 and the Importer, or Proprietor, or Confignee of fuch Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, or Head Matter, or Whale pms, (hall alfo make Oath before the Collt&or or Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Cuftoms, (who are hereby authorized and required to adminifter fuch Oath,) at the Time of the Entry, that to the beft of his or their Knowledge and Belief the Articles f> imported were bondjfofrthe Produce of Fdb, or Creatures living in the Sea, aftually taken and caught by the Crew of a Briti/I>b\x\\l Ship or Veflei, wholly owned by Hi9 Majetty's Subjects niually refiding in Great Britain, Ireland> or the Iflands of Guemfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, regiftered and navigated according to Law5 on Failure whereof the faid Articles (hall be deemed and taken to be of Foreign Fdhing, and charged with the Duty im-pofed by this Aft on fuch Articles of Foreign Fifhery.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That before any Blubber, Train Oil, or Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter, or Whale Fms, imported into Great Britain as being taken and caught on the Banka and Shore* of Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majefty’s Subj«£k* carrying on fuch Fifhery from that Ifland, and refiding therein, or as being aftually taken and caught wholly by His Majetty’s Subject* ufually refiding in any Britijb Colony cr Plantation in North AmcricOt or ufually refiding in any other-Briti/b Colony, Plantation, Territory, or Settlement, fliall be admitted to Entry on Payment of the Duty by this Aft impofed on fuch Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter, or Whale Fms refpeftivcly, when imported in a Britijbm built Ship or Veflei, regiitered and navigated according to Law, the Mafter or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or VcfTel in which the fame fhall be imported, fh«*!l produce and deliver to the Colleger or other Chief Officer of the Cultoms of the Port of Importation, a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Cuftoms of the Port or Place in the Colony, Plantation, Territory, or Settlement where the Articles fhall have been taken on board; or if no fuch Officer fhall be refiding there, then a Certificate fhall be produced under the Hand and Seal of the Governor, or in his Abfence under the Hand and Seal of the Deputy-Governor, of fuch Colony, Plantation, Territory, or Settlement, teflifying that Oath had been made before him (who is hereby authorized and required in fuch Cafe to adminifter the l3me, and to grant fuch Certificate) by the Mafter of the Ship from which the Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter, or Whale Fms mentioned in fuch Certificate, had been landed in fuch Colony, Plantation, Territory, or Settlement 5 that the fame was or were really and bond fde the Produce of Fifh or Creatures living in the Sr a, a ft 11 ally caught and taken wholly by His Majefty's Subjcfts carrying on fuch Fifhery, and ufually refiding in fuch Colony, Plantation* Territory, or Settlement; and the Mafter or other Perfon having ' or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Veflei in which the Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter, or Whale Fine

ihall

 LjOOQie

337

A.D.1809.	490	GEO.	IIL	C/98/

(hall be fd imported into Great Britain, (hall make Oath before fuch Colleftor or other Chief Officer at the Port of Importation (who is hereby authorized and required to adminifter the fame) that the Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter, or Whale Fins fo imported are the fame as mentioned and referred to in the faid Certificate, and the Importer or Importers, Confignee or Confignees of Inch Articles refpe&ively, (hall alfo make Oath before the Collector of Comptroller, or other proper Officer of the Cuftoms (who are hereby authorized and required to adminifter fuch Oath) at the Time of the Entry* that to the beft of his or their Knowledge and Belief the Articles fo imported were a%6tually caught and taken by Britijb Subjc&n ufually refiding in fuch Colony, Plantation, Territory, or Settlement, as the Cafe may be, and on Failure of fuch Certificate being produced, and Proof on Oath as aforefaid being made, the Articles fhall be deemed and taken to be of Foreign Fifhing, and charged with the Duty by this Ad.impofed on fuch Articles of Foreign Fifhing.

XXXIX. ‘ And Whereas Doubts have arifen whether Foreign 4 Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which have been regularly irn-4 ported into Great Britain, and afterwards exported from thence 4 to Parts beyond the Seas, are upon Re-importation fubjtdl to the 4 Duties of Cuftoms ;* Be it therefore declared and ena&ed, That all fuch Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, fo returned into Great Britain, (hall be fubjed and liable to all fuch Duties of Cuftoms as are by this Aft granted upon Importation of fuch Goods, Wares, and Merchandize.

XL. 4 And Whereas by an Aft pa fled in the Twenty-fourth Year 4 of His late Majefty King George the Second, intituled, An A8 for

*	the encouraging the making of Pot AJhes and Pearl AJhes in the Britifh

*	Plantations in America, certain Certificates and Oath9 were required 4 to be produced and made on the Entry of any Pot and Pearl Afhes 4 of the Produ£t and Manufacture of any of the Britijb Colonies in 4 America : And whereas the Production of fuch Certificates, and the 4 requiring fuch Oaths, are no longer neceflary Be it therefore enaded, That the faid recited Ad (hall be, from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nine, repealed.

XLI. 4 And Whereas it is expedient to encourage the Importation 4 of Raw .Linen Yarn into Great BritainBe it therefore enaded. That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nine, and during the Continuance of Hoftilities, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, it (hall and may be lawful for any Pcrfon or Perfons to import into Great Britain any Sort Sf Raw Linen Yarn, in any Ship or Veflcl belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majefty, His Heirs or Succtffors, fubjed to fuch and the like Duties only as would have been due and payable for fuch Raw Linen Yarn if the fame had been imported in a Briti/b-built Ship or Veflel, owned, navigated, and regiftered according to Law.

aLII. And be it further en&ded, That fuch of the Duties of Cuftoms by this Ad impofed as (hall arife in that Part of Great Btitain called England, (hall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms in England for the Time being; and fuch thereof as (hall arife in that Part of Greqt Britain called Scotland, (hall be under

the

Foreign Goods exported and reimported, {hall be fubjed to Duty,

24 G. 2. c.51. requiring Certificate on Entry of Hritifh Colonial Pot and Pearl Alhes, repealed.

Daring the War, Raw Linen Yam may be imported in Veffels of any Country in Amity, under Duties as in Britiih Ships.

Duties (hall be under the Management of the Ojinmiflionen of Cuftoms.

 LjOOQle

*3®

Duties and Drawbacks under this Ad (hall be levied, &i\ as under the A&s relating to former Duties, unltfs hereby altered.

c.98.

490 GtO. III.

A.D.r8o$>»

tile Management of the Commiffioners of the Cuftoms In Scotland fot the Time being.

XLII1. And be it further cnaded, That the feveral Sum* of Money refpedively inferted, deferibed, and fet forth, in Figures in the faid Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed marked A. B. C. and D. as r the Duties of Cuftoms, and the Drawbacks of the Duties of Cuftotns upon, for, or in refped of the feveral Goods, Ware.j, or Merchandize fpecificd therein, or as the Duties of Cuftoms on Ships or Veflel* according to the Tonnage thereof, may and (hall refpedively be managed, ascertained, railed, levied, colleded, anfvrered, paid, recovered, and allowed, except where any Alteration is exprefsly made bv this Ad, in fuch and the like Manner, and by the fame Mean®, Ways, or Methods, as former Duties of Cuftoms and Drawbacks of Duties of Cuftoms upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in general, and alfo by any fuch fpecial Means, Ways, or Methods refpedively, as former Dutie3 of Cuftoms and Drawbacks of Duties of Cuftoms upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the fame Sort3 or Kinds, or Duties on Shifft or VefTels according to the Tonnage thereof refptdively, were or might be managed, afeertained, raifed, levied, collected, anfwered, paid, recovered, and allowed, and the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whereon Duties of Cuftcms are by this Ad charged, and Drawbacks of Duties of Cuftoms allowed as the fame afc relpedively inferted, deferibed, and fet forth in the faid Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked A. B. C. and 33. upon the Importation thereof into, cr Exportation thereof from Great Britainf or on any other Account whatever, and all Ship3 and VefTela whereon any Duties are charged or payable according to the Tonnage thereof, (hall be and th$ fame are hereby made fubjrd and liable to a‘l and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Reftridicns, Seizures, and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Ware9, or Merchandize in general, and alfo all and every the fpecial Condition®, Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, Seizures, Sales, and Forfeitures refpedively, to which the like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or Ships or Vt fiVls whereon any Duties are chargeable or payable according to the Tonnage thereof refpelively, were fubject and liable by any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on and immediately before’the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nine, rcfptding the Revenue of Cuftoms, or fuch Tonnage Duties as afortfaid, except where any Alteration is exprefsly made by this Ad, and all Pains, Penalties, Fines, and Forfeitures of whatever Nature or Kind the fame may be, as well Pains of D^ath as others for any Offence whatever committed' again ft or in breach of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on and immediately before the faid Fifth Da^of July One thoufand eight hundred and nine, made for fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms, or fuch Tonnage Duties as aforefaid, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the feveral Claufes, .Powers, Provifions, and Declarations contained in any fuch Ad or Ads, (hall (unlefs where exprefsly altered by this Ad), and are hereby direded and declared to extend to, and (hall be refpedively applied, pradifed, and put in Execution for and in refped of the feveral Duties of Cuftoms and Drawbacks of Duties of Cuftoms hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample Manner to all Intents and Purpofes whatever, as if all and every the laid Ads, Claufes, Provifions, Powds, Diredions, Fines, Pains,

Penalties,



Google

A.DrlSop/-

4P° GEO, III-

C.gS/

Penalties, or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enafted in' the Body of this Aft and made Part thereof.

XLIV. Aod be it further enafted, That it (hall he lawful for the Cotmnilfioners Commiffioner9 of His Majefty’s Cuftoms in England for the Time ofCuttoms brine, or any Four or more of thtm, and the Commiffioners of His empowered Majetty’s Cuftoms in Scotland for the Time being, or any Three or Accounts of nrre of them, finally to fettle and clofe the Accounts of any Col* CoUe&or* leftors or Receivers of any Part of the Revenue of Cuftoms, or othef Dutiea under their Management, notwithftanding any erroneous Ap* plication of any Duties of Cuftoms received by them 5 and the faid Convwiflioners are hereby refpeftively empowered to correft fuch . Application, in order to prevent the Accounts of any fuch Collectors or Receivers from being kept open, unfettled, and unliquidated; and aft fuch Com ft ions (hall and are hereby direfted to be allowed by the Commiffioners for better examining and auditing the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, in the palling the general Account of Cuftoms*

Subfidies, or Impolition*.

v Duties of Cuftoms received after 5 July 1809, dlough the Amount “ may have become due and been computed, or fecured by Bond •* before that Time, fhall be applied in like Manner as the Duties u by this Aft granted, except otherwife provided. And Drawbacks 44 paid in like Marner. § 45.

XLVI. And be it further enacted. That all the Monies arifing byJ Permanent the Duties of Cuftoms impofed by thin Aft, deferibed in the Schedule Duties (hall b« . and Tables hereunto annexed, marked A. B. C. and D. under the Head of Permanent Duties (the neceilary Charges of railing and	M

accounting for the fame excepted) (hah from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, and be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain, except as by this Aft is fpecially provided, and (hall be appropriated in like Manner and to the fame Services as the Permanent Duties hereby repealed would have been if this Aft had not been palled.

XLVII. 4 And Whereas by divers Afts for granting feverat of ‘ the Duties hereby repraled, it is provided, that during the Space of 4 Ten Years then next enfuing, there Ihould be provided and kept in 4 the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, a Book*

4 or Books in which all the Monies arifing from the faid rtfpeftive 1 Duties Ihould, together with fuch other Dut*es as were refpeftively

*	granted for the Purpofe of making permanent Additions to the*

4 Publick Revenue, and of defraying any Charges occafioned by 4 certain Loans made, and Stocks created by the Authority of 4 Parliament, be entered, feparate a*-d apart from all other Monies € paid or payable to His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors, upon any

*	Account whatever: And whereas it is expedient, that the Per-

4 manent Duties by this Aft granted and deferibed as Permanent Account of 4 Duties, except where fpecial Provifion is otherwife made by this ^en?an?*t1,.

4 Aft, Ihould be entered in one Account, but that Provifion Ihould* r neverthelefs be hereby made for afeertaining the Produce of fuch acc0niing to * f feveral Grants of Duties for the Remainder of fuch refpeftive Direaionsoftlit 4 Peiiods ;* Be-it therefore enafted, That from and after the faid Treafury, and Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nine, the Duties pW before of Cuftoms and Tonnage granted by this Aft as Permanent Duties, Ac^uour except as by this Aft is otherwife fpecially provided, (had be entered required by

together 4au.u. c.70-

loi.ooot. efti-Mated Increafe •f Permanent Duties deemed an Addition to tlie Revenue, applicable to Services of1809*

Treafury fhall caufe an Account to be kept of what the Hereditary Revenue of the Crown would have produced if not blended with other Duties, and to be laid before Parliament with the Accounts required by 42 G.0.c.?o.

C:£8.	45^	GEd.	III.	A.D.igfl^

together in one Account, and that from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nine, the Lord High Trea-furer, or Lords Comrailfioners of His Majefty’s Trcafury, or dny Three or more of them for the Time being, (hall, for and during the Remainder of the refpeftive Periods of Ten Years to be computed from the Time of granting fuch of the faid Duties aaaforefatd; as were fo directed to be entered feparately as aforefaid, caufe feparate and diftinft Accounts of what fuch Duties would have amounted to, in cafe the fame had not been and were not refpeftively hereby confolidated and colleftcd with other Duties of Cuftoras and Tonnage, to be made out m fuch Manner and Form as (hail aopearto the Load High Trea-furer, or the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for the Time being, beft adapted to afeertain fuch Amounts refpeftively, which Accounts the faid Lord High Trcafurcr, or Lords CommiL fioners for the Time being, are hereby required to caufe to be laid before Parliament, together with the Pubiick Accounts directed to be laid before Parliament; purfuant to the Provifionsof the faid recited Aft pattrd in the Forty-iecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty aforefaid, intituled. An A8 for direSing certain Pubiick Accounti to be laid annually before Parliament, and for difeontinuing Certain other Forms of Account How in Ufe.

XLVIll. 4 And Whereas in the Confolidation of the Duties of 4 Cuftoms on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, under this Aft, fuch

*	Duties are in various Inftances increafed,’ be it therefore enafted. That of the Monies arifing or to arife out of fuch Increafe of the Duties hereby granted, and which Duties are denominated and de-feribed in the Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked A. B. C. and D. under the Title of Permanent Duties, the Sum of One hundred and five thoufand Pounds, being the cflimated Produce of fuch Increafe, (hall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpofe of defraying the increafed Charge occafioned bv any Loan made or to be made bv virtue of any Aft or A6U patted or to be patted in this Scffion of Parliament.

XLIX. 4 And Whereas by the Confolidation of the different 4 Branches of the Pubiick Revenue, and of the feveral Duties payable 4 on the Importation and Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Mer-4 chandize, and the Appropriation thereof, as direfted by the faid

*	recited Aft of the Twenty-fcventh Year of His prefent Majefty’a 4 Reign and fubfequent Afts, the Hereditary and Temporary Re-4 venues of the Crown of Subfidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and 4 of other Duties upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, are not now 4 kept diftinft and feparate at the feveral Offices, but have become ' blended with other Duties of Cuftoms and Tonnage, both in the ‘ Colleftion and Appropriation thereof: And whereas it is expedient € that Provilion (hould be made for afeertaioing the annual Amount 4 of what fuch Hereditary Revenues would have produced in cafe the

*	fame had not been fo confolidated, and that an Account (hould 4 hereafter be kept of fuch annual AmountBe it therefore enafted* That from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nine, the Lord High Trtafurer or Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, (hall caufe to be prepaied and kept, aa Account of what fuch Hereditary Revenue would have amounted to in cafe the fame had not been and was not hereby confolidated and coUefted with othef

Duties

 LjOOQle

A.D. u8 09.

490 GEO. III.

C.9&.

241

Duties oECuftoma and Tonnage in the Colleftion and Appropriation thereof, in fucb Manner and Form as (hall aopear to the Lord High Treafurer, or-the Lords Commifiioners of His Majefty's Treafury for the Time being, beft adapted to afeertain fuch Amount, which Account the Lord High Treafurer or Lords Commifiioners for the Time being are hereby required to make out, or caufe to be made out and laid before Parliament, together with the Publick Accounts direfttd to be laid before Parliament purfuant to the Provifions of aa Aft pafTcd in the Fortv-fccoud Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefly, intituled. An Ad for direding certain Publick Accounts to be laid annually before parliament, and for difcontinuing certain other Forms of Account now in Ufe.	•

L. Provided alio, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to affeft or alter the Hereditary Revenue of His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflors iu Scotland, or other Revenues there granted to His late Majclty King George the Second during His Life, and referved to His prefent Majefty during H;a Life by an Aft made in the Firft Year of His Majefty's Reign; bqt the fame and the Civil Eftablilhment payable out of the fame (hall continue to be paid in like Manner as heretofore ; any Thing in this Aft contained to the contrary no* withftanding.

LI. 4 Apd Whereas by an Aft pafTed in the Forty-feventh Year

•	of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Ad for charging 1 the Sum of Twelve Millions, Part of the Loan of Twelve millions 4 two hundred thoufand Pounds, rafed for the Service of Great Britain

•	for the Tear One thoujand eight hundred and feven% upon the Duties of 4 Cujlonu and Excife granted to His MajeJly during the Continuance of the 4 prefent War, and for certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive 4 Treaty of Peace; and for providing a Sinking Fund for the Redemption 4 of the Stocks or Funds thereby created, in order to defray the Charge 4 of Twelve millions Part ot the Loan for the Service of the then 4 Year, it was direfted that the annual Sum of One million two hundred 4 thoufand Pounds fhould be during the Continuance of the prefent 4 War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive

•	Treaty of Peace fet apart, and appropriated to the Confolidated 4 Fund out of the Produce of the Duties of Cuftoms and Excife 4 granted to His Majefty during the Continuance of the War, and 4 until certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty 4 of Peace Be it therefore enafted, That the Duties of Cuftoms deferibed in the Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked A. B. C. and D. under the Head of “ Temporary or War Duties/' fhall be chargeable with the fame annual Sum of One million two hundred thoufand Pounds in like Manner, in the fame Proportion, and for the like Period, and under the fame Regulations and Provifions in all Rtfpefts, as the Duties of Cuftoms in the faid laft recited Aft mentioned, which are hereby repealed, and all the Provifions contained in the faid laft recited Aft with refpeft to the Duties of Cuftoms hereby repealed (hail be in force, and applied to the Duties of Cuftoms deferibed as laft aforefaid, under the Head 44 Temporary or War Duties."

Ltl. And be it further enafted, That the Monies arifing by the Duties of Cuftoms deferibed in the Schedule and Tables hereunto Mncxed, marked A. B. C. and D+ under the Head of 44 Temporary 4S> Geo. III.	%	or

Hereditary Revenue in Scotland (hall not b« altered. [See 1 G.3. c.l. §8.]

47 G.O. ft.l.

c. 55.

Temporary or War Duties chargeable with the annual Sum ©f 1,200,0001. under recited Aft. [Sec alfo 49 G. 0. c. 92.]

Account of Temporary or War Duties (hall be kept feparate, and applied ia



aid of the Services for 3 809, and fub-fequent Years.

limitation of Actions,

Three Months.

Defendant may plead General Ifiue.

Treble Cofl*.

or War Duties,” (the neceflary Charges of ratling* and accounting for the fame excepted.) (hall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer diftieftiy and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenues, and that there fhall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the faid Receipt of the Exchequer, a Book or Books in which all the Monies ac'ifing* from the faid refpeftive Duties, and paid into the faid Receipt as aforefaid, (hall be entered feparate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflors, upon any Account whatever, and the fa'd Monies fo paid into the faid Receipt (fubjeft to the Appropriation direfted by the faid laft recited Aft of the Forty-feventh Year aforefaid, with refpeft to the Duties therein mentioned and hereby repealed, as is herein*brfore mentioned) fhall, from Time to Time, as the fame (hall be paid into the faid Receipt, be iflwed and applitd to fuch Services as (hall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this prefent Sefiion of Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nine, or (hall be voted for the Service of any fubfeqnent Year, and the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized to iffire and apply" the fame accordingly.

LIII. And be it further enaft. d, That if any Aftion or Suit (hall be brought or commenced againft any Perfon or Ptrfons for any Thing done in purfuance of this Aft, fuch Aftion or Suit (hall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Faft committed, and not afterwards, and fhall be laid in the County or Place where the Caufe of Complaint did arife, and not elfewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch Aftion or Siiit may plead the General I(Tue% and give this Aft and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and if the Jury (hall find for the Defendant or Defendants in ar.y fuch Aftion or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall be r.onfnitcd, or diicontinue his, her, or their Aftion or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants (hall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer Judgment fhall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants fhall have Treble Cofts, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant had in other Cafes to recover Cofts by Law.

“ Aft may be altered or repealed this Sefiion. § 54.

SCHEDULE

* -



Google

A.D. 1809.

490 GEO. III.

*43

C98.

SCHEDULE and TABLES to which this A ft refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

A SCHEDULE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on the Importation into Great Britain of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or defcribed, and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain j

ALSO,

Of the Duties of Cuftoms payable on the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize from Great Britain;

LIKEWISE,

Of the Duties of Cuftoms payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandfee brought or carried Coastwise or from one Port or Place to any other Port or Place within Great Britain, and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain;

AND ALSO,

Of the Tonnage Duties of Cuftoms payable on Ships or Veflels entering Inwards or Outwards in Great Britain, from or to Foreign Parts.

INWARDS.	Permanent.		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
A.	d£ X.	£ *. d.	& s. d.
Aeacia, the lb. -Aceto fella Sal, See Sal.	013	0 0 10	0 0 5
Acorus, the lb.	0 0 4	003	0 9 i§
Adianthum, the lb.  Agaric, the cwt.  Agates, viz,  	polhhed or othervvife manufa&ured,  for every js&iqo of the Value  — -	rough or unmanufactured, for every  gg 100 of the Value Alderney, Iflandof, See Guernfey.  Ale, See Beer.  Alkali, not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, for every f^ioo of the	0 0 4 140  37 10 0	003	00 i£ 080  12 id 0
	20 0 0	13 6 8	613
Value -	20 0 0	13 6 8	6 15 4
Alk#net Root, the lb.	006	004	O O 1
Alkekengi Baccae, the lb.  Alkermes, viz,  		— Confe&io, the oz.  •	Syrup, the lb*  Alirii)n4)fafte, for every *g*oo>of the Value  &2	0 p 6  010 * 0 1 6 io 0	004  0 d 8 of 1 0	0 O *  0 0 4 0 0 6 12 19 9



49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809,

C.p8*

SCHEDULE (A.) -INWARDS.	Permanent.		remponuy
	Duty. I	Drawback. 1	or  War Duty.
Almonds, viz.	£ S. d.	£ s. d.	£ s. d.
	Bitter, the cwt.  		Jordan, the cwt.	X OO  3 0 °	0 13 4 200	068 I 0 0
•	of any other Sort, the cwt.	1 10 0	i 0 0	0 10 Q
For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which Almonds ' of all Sorts may be fecured in Ware-houfes without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3 cap. 132. 45 Geo- 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.  		 Oil of, See Oil.  Aloes, viz.  — — ■ Socotorina, imported dire&ly from the Place of their Growth, the lb.	016	010	0 0 6
- - not imported aireftly from the Place of their Growth, the lb. -	0 3 °	020	OIO
—		of any other Sort, the lb.  Alum, the cwt. - - -	009 0 11 0	00 6  074	OO3 0 3*
	Plume, the lb.  ■■ 1 Roch, the cwt.  Amber, viz.  -— Beads, See Beads.  	Oil of, See Oil.  	Rough, the lb.  — — not otherwise enumerated or de-feribed, for every 100L of the Value -	003  070  010  37 0	002  048  0 G 8  25 0 0	OOI 0 2 4  © O 4  12 10 •
Ambergris, the oz.	030	020	O I O
Ambra Liquida, the lb.	036	024	0 12
Ammi Seed, See Seed.  Ammoniacum, viz.  —■ ■ 		 Gum, See Gum Ammoniacus.  ■ - Sal, See Sal Ammoniacus. Anacardium, the lb.	0 1 3	0 0 10	0 0 5
Anchor Stocks, See Wood, Anchovies, the lb.	0 0 4J	003	OOI^
For the Condition?, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which Anchovies may be fecured in Warehoufes without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87^ 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.  Angelica^, the lb.	0 0 6	0  0  4*	® « <
Angufturae Cortex, See Cortex.  Animi Gum, See Gum.  Anifeed, See Seed.  		 Oil of, See Oil.  Annotto, thfi cwt; • « •	1 5 0		0 S 4

"

Google

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Antimonium, viz.

---------- Crudum,	the	c\vt.	.	/ -

— — ■ Preparatum or Stibium, the lb. -Apples, the Bufhel	-

-------dried, the Bufhel

Aquafortis, the cwt.

Arabic Gum, See Gum. *

Arangoes, imported from Europe under Licence for Exportation to Africa, for every iool. of the Value For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftridlions under which Arangoes may be fo imported, See 5 Geo. 3. cap. 30. *

Archelia, See Orchelia.

Argol, the cwt.	-

Ariftolochio, the lb.	-	-

ArmoniacB°le} Bole Arfnoniac-Arquebufade, See Spirits.

Arrow Root, or Powder, the lb.

---------the Produce of any of the Britifh

Plantations in America, and imported dire&ly from thence, the lb.

Arfcmc, the cwt. '

Afafcetida, imported dire&ly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

, not imported dire&ly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. -Alarum Root, the lb.

Afhes,	viz.

-------Fechia, the cwt.

■— Pearl and Pot, imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the.cwt.

-	- not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the cwt.

-	- of the Britifh Plantations in America, and imported dire&Iy from thence, the cwt.

Soap, Weed, and Wood, the cwt. -

-------not otherwife enumerated	or	de-

fcribed, for every	iool.	of	the

Value	-	-

Afphaltus, the lb.

AfTes, each	-

Aurentiorum Cortex, See Limonum in Cortex.

Auripigmentum, See Orpiment.

* [See alfo 43 G, 3. c. 68. § 41.]

R3

Permanent.

Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
£ x. eL	£ x. d.	£. x. d.
076	—	026
003	0 0 2'	0 0 t
020	—	0 8
0 4 3	—	0 I 5
090		030
200	—	0 13 4

030

006

003

o

o

o

o

o

o il

9 o

1

o

4

3

4

o 1 o s

o

4*

6

6

o

*000

006

220

004

004

008

003

13	6	8

o 0	4

Temporary

010

002

001

o o o|

030

0 0 2

OO4 O O 1

Ol6

0 12

O I 4

o 0	4

004

6 13

o o

O I



Google

I3H

	Permanent.		Temporary
SCHEDULE (A.)“"INWARDS«	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
B-  Baccae Alkckengi, See Alkekengi Baccse.	&> 1. d.	s€ x. d	sS x. d.
Bacon or Hams, the cwt.  See the Note under the Head of Provifions. Badger Skins, See Skins.  Balks, See Wood.	2 17 6		0 19 %
Balls, viz Walking Balls, the lb.	0 1 0	—	004
Balm of Gilead, the lb. - -Bajfam, viz-	030	020	0 l 0
	.Artificial, the lb.  	Canada,’ the lb.  —	Copaiva or Capivi, the lb.  For the Conditions, Regulations, and Rellri&ions under which Balfam Capivi may be fecured in Ware-houfes without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo .3. cap. 126.  —?	Natural, the lb.  ■	• not otherwife enumerated or de-  feribed, for every iool. of the	030 009 0 1 3  026	020 006 0 0 10  018	010  003  005  0 0 13
Value	37 10 0	25 0 0	12 10 0
Ealuftia, the lb.	006	0 0 4	0 0 2
Baodftring Twift, the dozen knots Barbadoes Tar, See Tar.  Barilla, imported in a Britifh built Ship,	030	020	OIO
the cwt. -		* not imported in a Britifii-iuilt Ship,	0 8 6 \	c 5 8	O 2 10
the cwt. -For the Conditions, Regulations, and Rettri&ions under which Barilla may be fecured in Warehoufes without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3, cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. T26.  Bark, viz.  -	Jefuits, See Cortex Peruvianus.	090	0 5 8	0 3 0
Oak, the cwt.  For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftrictions under which Oak Bark may be imported on Payment of this Duty, See 12 Geo. 3. cap. 50. continued by fubfequent Ads and by 44- Geo. 3. cap. 85. further continued for .‘'even Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.	0 0 4!		° °



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARD^.

Bark, continued.	•

—	Black Oak, or Quercitron, for the

Purpote of dying, imported from any Country, not in Europe, in Cafks containing not lefs than ijjclbs. net, the cwt.	-	-

- - otherwife imported, for every 1 ool. of the Value	-

— Red Mangrove imported in Cafks containing not lefs than i^olbs. net, the cwt.	-

------«. - otherwife imported, for every

1001. of the Value

------not otherwife enumerated or de-

feribed, for every iool. of the Value Barley* See Com.

------ Hulled, See Pearl Barley.

Barras, Dutch, See Canvas in Linen.

Balket Rods, the Bundle, not exceeding Three Feet in Circumference at the Band Bafkets, viz.

—*----Hand Bafkets, the Dozen

—	-not otherwife enumerated or de-

feribed, for every iool. of the Value

Bafons of Marble, See Stones.

Balt Ropes, the cwt.	-	-

Baft or Straw Hats or Bonnets, See Hats.

—	........ Platting	or	other Manufacture

of Balt or Straw for making plats or Bonnets, See Platting.

Batten Ends, 7 c „r A Battens, j Wood.

Battery, the cwt.	-

Bay Berries, See Berries.

Bay, Oil of, See Oil.

Bay, or Myrtle Wax, See Wax.

Bay Yarn, See Woollen Yarn in Yarn. Bdellium, imported direCtly from the Flace ©f its Growth, the lb.

---------not imported direCtly from the

Place of its Growth, the lb. -

Beads, viz,

------Amber Beads, the lb:	-	■*

—	Coral Beads, the lb.

------ Cryftal Beads, the 1000 -

------Jet Beads, the lb.

—■■	not otherwife enumerated or de-

1	R	4

Permanent.

Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
s. d.	<5£ s. d	x x. d.
006	—	0 0 2
2000	►1  00  Os  CO	6*3 4
0  0	—	*-*  O  0
20 O O	13 6 8	6 i3 4
37 10 $	Kt  Cr,  O  O	12 10 O
020	—	0 0 8
016	—	0 0 6
u>  O  O	—	12 IO O
0 3 9		O 13
300	2 0 0	IOO
0 0 6	9 0 4	0 0 2
OIO	008	O O 4
076	0 3 °	02 6
OIO O	068	0 3 4
O 18 O	0120	0 6 m

o 2 o

Temporary

o 1 4009

 VjOOQLC

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Beads, continued.

fcr?bed, for every 1001. of the Value	-	-

Beans, See Com.

■	Kidney or French Beans, the Bufhel See the Note under the Head of Pro-

vifions.

Bear Skins,	]	SctSkhs.

Beaver oleins^ i

----- Wool, See Wool.

Bed Feathers, See Feathers for Beds, in Feathers.

Beds, See Feather Beds.

Beech Boards, 1 —— Plank, > See Wood.

------Quarters, J

Beef, viz.

—	from the Ille of Man See Man, I fie of. —■ whether falted or otherwise, See the

Note under the Head of Pro-vifions.

Beer or Bigg, See Com.

Beer, viz

----- Mum, the Earrel containing 3a

Gallons	-	-

-----Spru e Beer, the Barrel containing

32 Gallons	-

—— or Ale, of all other Sorts, the Barrel, containing 32 Gallons Mum, Beer, and Ale, are fuhjedl alfo to a Duty of Excife.

Bees Wax, See Wax.

Bell Metal, See Metal.

Belvedere Railins, See Raifins.

Benjamin, the lb.	-

Bergamot, Effence of, See EfTcnce.

Berries, viz.

■	— — Bay, the cwt.

■■■ ■ Juniper, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftridtions under which Juniper Berries may be fecured in Ware-houfes without Fayment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3 cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. js6.

•------; Myrtle, the lb.

—	--Yellow, for Dyers Ufe, the cwt. -

■n-—for Dyers Ufe, not otherwife enumerated or deferibed, the cwt, -

Permanent.		Temporary
Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
£ /. d.	£ s.	je t. d.
37 0	O  O  »-o	ia 10 0
006		0 0 3
•		
0 14 0	O94	048
0170	on 4	OO  O
0  CO  VO	0510	0 2 11
OIO	008	0 0 4
0 0  O O	00  l *  0	O 0
^ O  0 00 O 0	003	OO \\ 0 6 0
015 0	—	OjO



SCHEDULE (A).—INWARDS'.

Berries, continued.

—	■■ not for Dyers Ufe, not otherwife

enumerated or defcribed, for every 1001. of the Value Beftials, See Man, Ifle of.

Bezoar Stones, the oz.

Bigg or Beer, See Com.

Birds, rim. Singing Birds the Dozen Bifcuit, See Bread.

Bitumen Judiacum, the lb.

Blacking, the cwt.	-

Bladders, the Dozen	-	-

Blubber, See Train Oil in Oil.

Beards, See Wood.

Bole Armoniac or Armenian Bole, the cwt.	-	-

Bones of Cattle, for every iool. of the Value Bonnets, See Hats.

Books, viz.

-------bound, the cwt.

-------unbound, the cwt.

Borax, viz.

-------refined, the lb.

-------unrefined or Tincal, the lb.

Botargo, the lb.	-

Bottles, viz.

-------of Earth or Stone, the Dozen

-------of Glafs covered with Wicker,	the

Dozen Quarts -

-------of Green or common Glafs, full	or

empty, not of lefs Content than One Pint, and not being Phials, the Dozen Quarts

•------of Glafs, not otherwife enumerated

or deferibed, for every iool. of the Value	-	-

Note.—Flafks in which Wine or Oil is imported are not fubjedl to Duty.

Bowls or Buckets of Wood, the dozen Bowfprits, See Mails in Wood.

Boxes, viz.

—	Drefting Boxes, for every iool. of the

Value	-

—	Neft Boxes, the Grofs, containing 12

dozen Neils, each Neft containing 8 Boxes	-	-

—	Pill Boxes, the Grofs, containing 12

dozen Nefts, each Neft containing 4 Boyes	-	-	-

Permanent.

Duty.

£ /. d.

37 10 o 1

0 5

o o

2 5

4

3

o

o

o

050

20 O O

2

I

I

O

O

o

6

o

4*

74

0 2 0 o 13	9

O $ o 72 o o

o i 3

37 10 0 0176 030

Drawback.

£ s. d.

23 o o o 10

004

002

0 3 4 13 6 8

0118

020

249

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ V d.

12 19 e 006 o 1	8

002

0	15 o

001

0	1	8

6 13 4

1	7 A 10 6

004 o o 1

002

008

0 *4 7

0x8 24 o o

005

12 10 e o 5 10 010





SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Boxes, continued.

—— Sand Boxes, the Grofs, containing 12 dozen Boxes «— ■ ■ Snuff Boxes, for every idol* of the Value	-

•*— not otherwife enumerated or deferibed, for every iool. of the Value Box Wood, See Wood.

.Bracelets or Necklaces of Glafs, the Grofs, containing 12 Bundles or Deckers, each Bundle or Decker containing 10 Necklaces Brandy, See Spirits.

Brafs, viz.

— Manufa&ures of, not othenvife enumerated or deferibed, for every icol. of the Value -—— Old, See ShrufF.

..— Powder of, for Japanning, See Powder.

----- Wire, jfcrWire.

Brazil.

-------Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the

Growth, Irodme, and Manufacture of Brazil, or any other Territories or Poffefiions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, which are not prohibited by Law from being imported from Foreign 4 Countries, may be entered and landed on Payment of fuch Duties of Cuftoms and Excife, and no higher, as are payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the like Denomination or Defcription, upon their Importation into Great Britain, from any other foreign Country; and in Cafes where different Duties are impofed upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the like Denomination or Defcription imported from different foreign Countries, then upon Payment of the loweft Duties, which by Law are required to be paid on the Importation into Great Britain, of any fuch Goods, Wares, or Merchandize frem any other foreign Country ; and w'here any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize are imported from Brazil,

Permanent.

Duty. Drawback.

/. d. 056 57 to o 37 10 o

060

37 1° o

*e 1. d

038

Temporary

or

War Duty.

*£ /. d. o 1 10 12 10 0 12 10 0

0 2 0

12 0



Google

♦ SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Brazil, continued.	■

or any of the faid Territories or Pofieffions, in a Ship or Vefiel not being Britilh-built, owned, navigated, and regiftered according to Law, luch Goods, Wares and Merchandize fhall be fubjeft and liable to the Duties due and payable on fimilar Articles when imported in fuch Ship from any other foreign Country.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which fuch Goods may be fo imported and entered and landed. See 48 Geo. 3. cap. 11. and cap. 109.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftridtions under which any of the Articles enumerated or defcribed in the Table marked A. annexed to the A£t of the 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. being of the Growth or Produce of Brazil, or any other Territories or Pofleffions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, and imported directly from thence, may be fecured in Warehoufes without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. S7. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. 48 Geo. 3. cap. 109. and 48 Geo. 3. cap 126.

Brazil Wood, 1 c	,

Brazilletto Wood, J See Wood'

Bread or Bifcuit, the cwt.

See the Note under the Head of Corn. Bricks, the 1000	-

Brimftone, or Sulphur Vivnm, ti’z.

■■	— - rough, imported in a Britifh-

built Ship, the cwt.

-	- - - not imported in a Bri-tifh-built Ship, the cwt.

■ ■ .... ■■ in Rolls, imported in a Britifh-

built Ship, the cwt.

-	- - - not imported in a Bri-tifh-built Ship, the cwt.

—--------- in Flowers, imported in a Bri-

.	tilh-built Ship, the cwt.

-	- — - - not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the cwt. -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and

Permanent.		Temporary  or  War Duty.
Duty.	(Drawback.	
£ s.	sS s	f€ d»
		
0 2 6	_	0 0 10
O 14 O	0 9 4	048
O96	O64	032
O IO O	O64	0 3 4
0 12 6	084	042
0 13 0	084	044
0  M  0	O IO O	050
015 9	0 10 0	° 5 3



SCHEDULE (A).—INWARDS.

#Bnmftone, or Sulphur Vivum, continued.

Rcftridions under which 15 rim (lone may be fecured in approved Places, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Bridles, viz.

—	.., drefled, imported in a Britifh-built

Ship, the Dozen lbs.

-	- not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Dozen lbs.

—	--rough or undrefled, imported in a

Britifh-built Ship, the Dozen lbs.

-	- not imported in a Br/.iih-built Ship, the Dozen lbs.

Tor the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftridions under which Briftles undrefled may be fecured, in approved Places, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Broken Glafs, See Glafs.

Bronze Figures, for every 100I. of the Value

—	- ■ ■ ■ ■ Powder, See Powder.

Brooms, viz. Flag or Whiflc Brooms, the Dozen

Bruges Thread, See Thread.

Buck or Deer Skins, See Skins.

Buckets of Wood, See Bowls.

Buffalo Hides, See Hides.

---— Horns, See Horns.

Bugle, viz.

■—	great, the lb.

--- ---lmall or Seed, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftridions under which Bugles may be warehoufed, on Importation, See 5 Geo. 3. cap. 30.

---.— great, to be warehouied, the Dozen

•lbs.

—-	• fmall or Seed, to be warehoufed,

the Dozen lbs.

When taken out of fuch Warehoufe to be ufed in Great Britain,

------- great, the lb.

--------(mall,	or Sefed, the lb.

Bullion and Foreign Coin of Gold or Silver Duty free.

Permanent.		Temporary or a War Duty.
Duty.	Drawback.	
e£ s. d.	£ /. d	d& if. d%
07 6	#  050	026
0  00  0	050	0 2 8
q a 3	016	009
026	016	9 0 tP
37 10 0	-	12 fO t
006	—	902
		
020	014	008
030	020	O J 0
010		004
020	—	008
020	-	0 ( 0 8
0  0		0 * 1 0

 CjOOQle

A.D.1809. 49* GEO. III.		c.98.	253
SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Perma	inent.	Temporary  or
	Duty.	Drawback.	War Duty.
Bull Ruflies, the Load, containing 63	£ x. d.	& s. d.	£ x. dL
Bundles -Bulls, See Cattle.  See alfo the Note under the Head of Provifions.  	Hides, See Hides.  		Tails, See Tails.  Burgundy Pitch, See Pitch.  Burrachas, See India Rubbers.  Burrs for Mill Stones, See Stones.  See alfo the Note under the Head of Guemfey.  Buds or Figures of Marble or Stones, See Stones.  		 - - - - not otherwife enumerated  or defcribed ior every idol, of the	076	O  Oi  O	0 a 6  )
Value -	37 10 0	—	12 10 0
Bntter, the cwt. -  Se.3 the Note under the Head of Provifions.  c.  Cables tarred or nntarred, whether in ufe or	©S3		Oil
otherwife, the ewt.  Cable Yarn, See Yarn.  Cajaputa, Oil of. See Oil.  Cake Lac, See Lac in Gum.  Cakes made of Linfecd, See Linfecd Cakes. —— - Rape Seed, See Rape Cakes. Calabar Skins, See Squirrel Skins in Skin*. Caliminaris Lapis, See Lapis.	0 13 6		0 4 6
Calamus Aroraaticus, the lb.	006	O  O	002
Callivances, the Burtiel  See the Note uuder the Head of Provisoes.  Gallicoes printed, painted, Rained, or dyed, imported from Europe under Licence for Exportation to Africa,	006		0 0 a
for every 1 ool. of the Value For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftrictions under which fuch Cal-licoes may be fo imported, See j G. 3. cap. 30.  Calve Skins, See Skins.  Calves, See Cattle.  See alfo the Note under the Head of Provifions.	2 to 0		0 16 8
Calves Yelves, the cwt. - * -Cambogium, See Gamboge,  C&mbricks, See Linen.	9 7 3	0 4 10	o* a 5

 ^.ooQle

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Camel Hair, See Hair.

Camel or Mohair Yarn, See Yarn.

Camomile Flowers, the lb.

Carr.phire, viz.

—	■ ■ ■	— refined, imported dire&ly from

the Place of its Growth, the lb.

•	- not imported dire&ly from the Place of its Growth, the lb

»------1-unrefined, imported diredlly from

the Place of its Growth, the lb.

•	- not imported dire&ly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Cam Wood, See Wood.

Canada Balfam, See Balfam.

Canary Seed, See Seed.

Cancrorum Oculi, the lb.	-

Candles, viz,,

—«— Spermaceti, the lb.

—	---Tallow, the cwt.

-------Wax, the lb.

Candlewick, the cwt.

Cane Hats or Bonnets, See Hats.

---Platting or other Manufacture of

Cane to make Hats or Bonnets, See Platting.

Canella Alba, the lb.

Canes, viz,

-------Rattans, the icoo

-------Peed Canes, the iooo

-------Walking, the iooo

Cans of Wood, the Dozen Gantharides, the lb.	-

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reflri&ions under which Cantharides may be fecured in Warehoufes without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap.. 132.	45	Geo.	3.	cap	87.

46	Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Canvafs, See Linen.

Capers, the, lb.	-	•

Capita Papavenim, the loop Caps, viz,

—	Cottoin, for every iool. of the Value

---Worfted, for every iool. of the Value

Carraway Seeds, See Seed.

Cardamoms* the lb.	-	-

Cards, viz Playing Cards the Dozen Packs Cariophyllorum Cortex, See Cortex Cario-

phylloides.

Permanent.		Temporary
Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
£ d.	£ s. d.	£ s. d.
003	002	0 m 1
0 1 3 026	—	005-0 0 10
009	006	003
016	010	00 6
009  016 200 016 2 16 0	006	Q O 3  006  OI3 4 006 0188
006	004	0 0 2
1 1 6	0 14 4	O72
0169	0 11 2	0 5 7
2. 10 0 0 1 3	J '3 4	016 8 0 -c 5
020	014	008
0 0 4v	003	0 0 if
023  54 0 0 37 10 0	016	009  18 O or 12 IO 9
01 3	0 0 10	0 0 5
-2 10 0	<.' .	0 16 8  } v •

 i^ooQle

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Cariophyllorum, continued.

-----------------Oleum,	See	Oil of Cloved*

Carmenia Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair. Carmine, the oz.	-

Carpets, viz,

—	------ of Turkey, under Four Yards

fquare the Carpet

-	- Four Yards fquare and not ex-

ceeding Six Yards fquare the Carpet	-

-	- exceeding Six Yards fquare

the. Carpet	-

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions, under which Turkey Carpets may be fecured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 43 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

—	------ not	otherwife enumerated or de-

fcribed, for every 100I. of the Value	-

Canabe, See Succinum.

Carriages of all Sorts, for every iool. of the Value	-

Carrot Seed, loo 1 Carthamus Seed. J ee ee Carui Oleum, See Oil of Carraway*

Cafhevv Gum, See Gum.

-------Nuts, See Nuts.

Calks, .empty, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons	-	-

Caflia Buds, the lb.

------Fiftula, the lb.

—— Lignea, the lb. -	•

------ Oil of. See Oil.

Caftor, the lb.	-	•

------Oil of, See Oil.

Catlings or Luteftrings, the Grofs, containing Twelve Dozen Knots Cat Skins, See Skins.

Cattle from the Ifle of Man, See Man, I He of.

See alfo the Note under the Head of Provifions.

Caviare, thei cwt. -Cayenne Pepper, See Pepper.

Chalk, for ejvery iooi. of the Value Chart*, See Maps*

Cheefe, thecwc.	«

Permanent.

Duty.

£ s. d.

026

O 15 O

30°

500

37 10 0

37 10 0

0

040

076 20 o © 0	2	9

Drawback.

£ s. d.

25 o o

o

o

o

2 8

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ s, eU

o o 10

0	s

1	o o I ij 4

12 VO o

12 10 O

s •

o 4

O 2

o 6 z o

0x4

026

6 13 4

O Q IT



4p° GEO. in,

A.D.1809.

25 6	C.98.

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Cheefe, continued.

See the Note under the Head of Proviso ns.

Chemical Oil, See Oil. .

Cherries, the cwt.	...

--------- dried,	the lb.

Chefbuts, See Nuts.

Chimney Pieces of Marble or Stone, fculp-tured. See Stones.

China Root, imported diredlly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

---- ------  not	imported	diredlly from the

Place of its Growth, the lb. China Ware, or Porcelaine, not otherwife enumerated or deferibed, for every iocl. of the Value Chip Hats or Bonnets, See Hats.

Chip, Manufactures of, to make Hats or Bonnets, See Platting.

Cider the Tun, containing 252 Gallons Subjedl alfo to a Duty of Excife. Cinders the Chalder, containing 36 Bufliels Winchdter Mcafure Cinnabar, See Vermilion.

Cinnabaria Native, the lb.

Cinnamon, viz.

■----------The	Produce	of and imported

from any Britifti Colony or Plantation in Ameiica, the lb.

—	.......imported	under	Licence, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftridtions under which Cinnamon may be fo imported from any Place, See 3 tk 4 Ann. cap. 4. 8 Ann. cap. 7* 6 Geo. t. cap. 21. See alfo,

8 Geo. 1. cap. 18.' continued by fe-veral Statutes, and by 43 Geo. 3. cap. 29. further continued to the 29th September 1809, and from thence to the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament. *

Cinnamoni Oleum, See Oil of Cinnamon. Citron preferved with Salt, for every 100I. of the Value

—	----- — - - with Sugar, See Guccades.

Citron Water, See Spirits.

Civet, the oz. .

Clap Boards, See Boards in Wood.

Clocks, for every icol. of the Value Cloths, Woollen, See Woollen Cloths.

1 [§21.] a [Made perpetual, 49 G. 3. c.

Permanent.

Duty.	Drawback.
£ /• d.	£ s. d.
086	
**to»  rr  O  O	
0 0 9	00 6
Ol6	010
50 O O	—
O  O  ►M	500
013 p	—
M  0	0 0 10
01 6	
056	038
3719 0	25 0 0
030	0 2 •
3710 0	—

•2©. § 4.]

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ S. 7

O 2 10

o o

003

006

16 13 4

2 10 O

0 4 7 00 5

006 O I 10

12 10 0

O I 9 £2 10 0



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Clover Seed, See Seed.

Cloves, viz.

------- the Produce of and imported from

any Britifh Colony or Plantation in America, the lb.

------imported under Licence, the lb. -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftridtions under which Cloves may be fo imported from any Place, See 3 & 4 Ann. cap. 4. 8 Ann. cap. 7. 6 Geo. 1. cap. 21. deealfo 8 Geo. I. cap. 18. continued by feveral statutes, and by 43 Geo. 3. cap. 29. further continued to the 29th September 1809, and from thence to the End of the then next Sefllon of Par^ liament. *

Coals, the Chalder, containing 36 Bufhels Winchefter Meafuret Cobalt, for every iool. of the Value Cochineal, the lb. -

for the Conditions, Regulations, and Reilridtions under which Cochineal may be fecured in Warehoufes without Payment of Duty, See 4$ Geo. 3. cap. 132.	45	Geo.	3.	cap.	87.

46 Geo. 3. cap. 137 and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

---------Duft, the lb.

Cocoa Nuts, the lb. -

Subjedt alfo to a Duty of Excife.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftridtiona under whichCocoa Nuts may be fecured in Warehouse* without Payment of Duty, See 4$ Geo. 3. cap. 132. 43 Geo, 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. 48 Geo. 3. cap. 120. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. Coculus lndicua, imported direAly from the Place of its Growth, *	the	lb.

...... ■ ■—— not’imported d'redlly from

the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Codilla of Flax, fubjedl to Duty as Flax, for which. See Flax.

------of Hemp, fubjedf to Du*y as

Hemp, for which, See Hemp. Coffee, the lb.	-	-

Subjedt alfo to a Duty of Excife.

Permanent.		Temporary  or  War Duty.
Duty.	Drawback.	
£ /. d.	£ /. d	£ /. d
01 6		006
036	024	a 13
180		094
20 0 0	J3 6 8	6 *3 4
016		006
003		OOI
003		001
016		006
0  0	—	0 I©
O  O	■ —	0 © I

* [Perpetual, fee Cinnamon.]	+ [See 43 £. 3. c. $8. § 24.]

49 Geo. III.	S



A.D. 1&09.

_2j8	0.98.	490	GEO.	TIT.

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Permanent.		Temp ora iy
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Coffee, continued.  For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reflri&ions under which Coffee may be fecured in Warehoufes without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 13a. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. 48 Geo. 3. cap. 120. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.  Coin, m.  — of Copper, See Copper.  	Foreign, of Gold or Silver, See Bullion.  Cole Seed, See Seed.  Colocynth, See Coloquintida.  Colophonia, See Rofin.  Coloquintida, or Colocynth, imported di-redlly from the Place of its	£ u d.	£ s. d.	£ s. </.
Growth, the lb.  —— not imported dire&ly from the Place of its Growth,	0 i 0	008	004
the lb. -  Colours for Painters, See Painters Colours.	020	0 1 4	008
Columbo Root, the lb.	0 i 0	0 0 8	004
Comfits, the lb. -Coney Skins, See Skins.  - — Wool, See Wool.  Confeftio Alkermes, See Alkermes. Contrayervae Lapis, See Lapis.  Copaiba, or Capivi Balfam, See Balfam. Copal Gum, See Gum.  Copper, viz.	01 6	*	0 © i
	Ore, the cwt.  		 Old, fit only to be re-manufa&ured,	006		0 02
the cwt. ...  	inPlatesand Copper Coin, thecwt.  	unwrought, viz. Copper in Bricks  * or Pigs, Rofe Copper, and all Caft	059  096	—	0 in 031
, Copper, thecwt.  — ——Part wrought, viz. Bars, Rods, or Ingots, hammered or railed.	0 5 9		0 in •
the cwt. ... 	Wire, See Wire.  wife enumerated or defcribed, and Copper Plates engraved, for every	0 19 3		06 j
1001. of the Value An additional Duty ie payable until - the 5th of April 1811, and from thence to the End of the then next	37 10 0		12 13 •



Google

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Copper, continued.

Sefiion of Parliament, on Copper of the following Descriptions, viz.

.... Copper in Bri ks or Pigs, Rofe

Copper, Caft Copper, Copper in Plates, Copper Coin, and Copper . in Bars, Rods, or Ingots, hammered or raifed, the cwt.

Note.—This additional Duty is not payable for any Copper imported in any Ship for which a Licence (hall have been granted by His Majefty previous to the 23d April 1808, or which (hall have been imported into any free Port in a Britifh Ifland or Settlement in the Weft Indies, previous to the ift Auguft 1808.

Copperas, viz.

---- ■ Blue, the cwt

■—.......Green, the cwt.

—	White, the cwt.

Coral, viz•

----- Beads, See Beads.

•— in Fragments, the lb.

---- whole polilhed, the lb.

- - - unpoliftied, the lb.

Cordage tarred or untarred, whether in Ufe or otherwife, (Handing or running Rigging in Ufe excepted) the cwt.	-	-

Cordial Waters, See Spirits.

Coriander Seed, See Seed.

Cork, imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the cwt.	-

«—— not imported in a Britifc-built Ship, the cwt.	-

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which Cork may * be fecured in approved Places with -out Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132.	45	Geo.	3. cap. 87.

, 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Corks, ready made, the lb.

Corn.

Table No. i.

The following Duties are payable on the Importation of Wheat, Wheat meal, or Flour, Rye, Barley, Beer, or Bigg, Oats, Oatmeal, Peafe,

S	2

Permanent.		Temporary
Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
£ /. d.	£ t. d.	£ 1. d:
1 5 0	1 5 0	—
03 0		010
030.	—.	010
076		026
0 0 74	005	S O 2|
076	050	0 2 6
036	024	0 12
O 13 6	—	O46
050	©34	Ol8
056	0 3 4	T0 I 10
023	' —	OO9
-		

 LjOOQle

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Permanent.		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Corn, continued.  Beans, Indian Com, or Maife, except from the Province of Quebec and the other Britirti Colonies or Plantations in North America, viz.  Price at the Port of Importation is  - - under 63s. per Quarter, high	£ 1. d	£ d.	£ s. d.
Duty, the Quarter - - at or above 63 s. but under ' 668. per Quarter, firft low	1 5 0		084
Duty, the Quarter - - at or above 66 s per Quarter,	026	*—•	0010
fecond low Duty, the Quarter  	Rye, Peafe, Beans, if the aggre-  gate Average Price at the Port of Importation is  - - under 42 s. per Quarter, high	006		002
Duty, the Quarter • - at or above 42 s. but under 44 s. per Quarter, firft low	126		0 7 €
Duty, the Quarter • - at or above 44 s. per Quarter,	016	'	006
fecond low Duty, the Quarter * '■ '"i Barley, Beer, or Bigg, if the aggie*?  gate Average Price at the Port of Importation is  - - under 31s. 6d. per Quarter,	003		0 • r
high Duty, the Quarter • - at or above 3 is. 6d. but under 338. per Quarter, firft low	126		076
Duty, the Quarter - - at or above 33s. per Quarter,	0 J 3	r n	005
fecond low Duty, the Quarter ■■■■— Oat'*, if the aggregate Average Price at the Port of Importation is  - - under 2is. per Quarter, high	003		001
Duty, the Quarter • - at or above 21s. but under 228. per Quarter, firft low Duty, the	069		023
Quarter  - - at.or above 22s. per Quarter,	010	"	004
fecond low Duty; the Quarter ——- Wheatmeal or Flour, if the aggre-gate Average Price of Wheat at the Port of Importation is - - under 63 s. per Quarter, high	003		• 0 1
Duty, the cwt.	069	—	023



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Corn,—Wheatmeal or Flour, &c. continued.

-	: at or above 638. but under 66s.

per Quarter, firft low Duty, the cwt.	-

-	- at or above 66s. per Quarter, fecond low Duty, the cwt.

........Indian Corn or Maize, if the aggregate Average Price of Barley at the Port of Importation is

-	- under 31s, 6d. per Quarter high Duty, the Quarter

-	at or above 3 is. 6d. but under 33s. per Quarter, firft low Duty, the Quarter

-	- at or above 33s. per Quarter, feCond low Duty the Quarter

--------Oatmeal, if the aggregate Average

Price at the Port of Importation is

-	- under 30s. per Boll, of 140 lbs. Avoirdupois, or 128 lbs Scotch Troy, high Duty, the Boll

-	- at or above 20s. but under 21 s. per Boll, firft low Duty, the Boll

-	- at or above 218 per Boll, fecond low Duty* the Boll

Table No. 2.

The following Duties are payable on the Importation of Wheat, Wheat-meal or Flour, Rye, Barley, Beer or Big, Oat8, Oatmeal, Feafe, Beans, Indian Corn, or Maize from the Province of Quebec, and the other Britifti Colonies or Plantations in North America, viz,

——- Wheat, if the aggregate Average Pnce at the Port of Importation is

-	- under 53s. pfer Quarter, high Duty, the Quarter

-	- at or above 53s. but under y6a. pe!r Quarter, fit ft low Duty, the Qiiarter ...

-	- at or above 36s. per Quarter, fecond low Duty, the Quarter -

1—*— Rye, Peafe, beans, if the aggregate Average Price at the Port of Importation is • - under 35s. jier Quarter, high Duty, the Quarter -	-

S3

Permanent.		Temporary
Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
£ ». d.	. j£ s* d.	dS u d.
016	—	0 06
q 1 0	—	004
126	—	• 7 6
• i 3	—	005
003	—	• • 1
083		029
OIO	—	004
0.0 6		• P *
150		0 & 4
Or * 6	-	0 0 10
0 0 6	—	002
1 2 0	-u	Or 7 6



	Permanent.		Temporary
uLHEDULE (A.)—INWA RDS.	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Corn,—Rye, Peafe, Beans, &c. continued,  - - at or above 35s. but under 37s. per Quarter, firft low Duty, the	£ s. d.	£ s. d.	£• 1, el.
Quarter -- - at or above 37s. per Quarter,	016	—	006
facond low Duty, the Quarter -— Barley, Beer, or Bigg, if the aggregate Average Price at the Port of Importation is - - under 26s. per Quarter, high	003		0 0 I
Duty, the Quarter • - at or above 26s. but under 28s, v per Quarter, firft low Duty, the	126		076
Quarter -• - at or above 28s. per Quarter,	0 1 3	1	005
fecond low Duty, the Quarter ■■■ —— Oats, if the aggregate Average Price at the Port of Importation is  ; - - pnder 17 s. per Quarter, high	003		001
Duty, the Quarter - - at or above 17s. but under i8s. per Quarter, firft low Duty, the	069		023
Quarter • - -- - at or above 18 s. per Quarter,	0 1 0	"	004
fecond low Duty, the Quarter -  		 Wheat meal or Flour, if the aggre-  gate Average Price of Wheat at the Port of Importation is * - under 53s. per Quarter, high	003-		0 © 1
Duty, the cwt.  - - at or above 53s. but under 56s. per Quarter, firft low Duty, the	069		023
jCWt -  - - at or above 56s. per Quarter,	016	“	006
fecond low Duty, the cwt.  — ■ -— Indian Com ©r Maize, if the aggregate Average Price of Barky at the Port of importation is - - under 26s. per. Quarter, high	003		• 0 I
Duty, the Quarter • - at or above 26s. but under 28s. per Quarter, firft low Duty, the	1.2 6		076
Quarter - -- - at or above 28s per Quarter,	b 1 3	Wmmm	0 0 s
fecond low Duty, the Quarter -  —	Oatmeal, if the aggregate Average  Price at the Port of Importation is  - - under 16s. fid. per Boll of 14^	003		0 0 1

a



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Corn,—Oatmeal, See. continued.

lbs. - Avoirdupois, or 128 lbs. Scotch Troy, high Duty, the Boll

..... ■ - Oatmeal, if the aggregate Average

Price at the Port of Importation is at or above 16s 6d. but under 17s. 4d. per Boll, firft low Duty, the Boll	-	.	-

---------- at or above 17s. 4d. per Boll,

fecond low Duty, the Boll

------  Wheat,	Wheatmeal	or	Flour, Rye,

Barley, Beer or Bigg, Oats, Oatmeal, Peafe, Beans, Indian Corn, or Maize,

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Re ft rid ions according to which the aggregate Average Price of luch Corn lhall be afeertained, and under which fuch Corn may be fecured in Warehoufes without Payment of Duty, See 31 Geo. 3. cap. 30. 33 Geo. 3. cap. 65. 44 Geo. 3. cap. 109. and 43 Geo. 3. cap 86. Having been fecured in Warehoufes, when taken out to*be ufed or con-fumed in Great Britain, and not firft to be jl arried coaftwiie to lome other Port of Great Britain where Foreign Corn of the fame Sort may be imported on the low Duies, fuch Duties fhall be paid, as fhall at the Time of taking out be due and payable for the like Sort of Corn, Meal, or Flom* imported into the fame Port from any foreign Country; and alfo in addition to iuch Duties the feveral and refpe&ive Duties fpe-cified in the Table marked No. 1, under the Name of the firft low Duties.

------His Majefty in Council may, when

the aggregate average Price of any Sort of Corn, or of Oatmeal *	in England of Scotland respect-

ively fhall appear to be at or above the Prices at which Foreign Corn, Meal, or Flour of the fame Sort is allowed by Law to be imported, at the firft low Duty, fpecified in the Table marked

S4

Permanent.

Duty. Drawback.

sS

8 3

j. d.

263

Temporary

or

War Duty.

iTd>

029

004

001

 v^ooQle

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Permanent.		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Corn, continued.	£ d.	£ s. d.	£ t. i.
No. 1, permit generally the Importation into England or Scotland refpc&ively, or the taking out of Warehoufe for Home Con-fumption of any fuch Sort of Foreign Corn, Meal or Flour, on Payment of the fecond low Duty only, as fpecified in the faid Table No. 1, and no other 5 and fuch Permifiion fhall continue in force for the Space of Fix Months at leaft from the Date of the Order in Council made for that Purpofe, See 31 G. 1. cap. 30. 33 Geo. 3. cap. 65. and 45 Geo. 3. cap. H6,  —■ ■ ■ His Majefty in Council is authorized, whatever may be the general Average Prhe of any Sort of Corn or Grain, or of Oatmeal in England and Scotland refpedtively, from l ime to Time when and as often as the fame fhall be judged expedient, to permit ge>rily the Importation into Great Britain of any Foreign Wheat, Rye, Barley, Beer, or Bigg, Peate, Beans, Oats, or any Meal or Flour, or Bread, Bifcuit, or Malt made thereof, or any Indian Corn or Maize, or M al or Flour made thereof, in any Britifh VefTel, or in any other Veffel belonging to Perfons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majefty, navigated in any Manner whatever; and alfo the taking out of Warehoufe for Home Confumption of any fuch Foreign Corn or other Article as aforefaid, without Payment of any Duty whatfoever. His Majefty is likewife authorized in like Manner to recall fuch Permiflion, either in Part or in the Whole, if Cir-cumftances (hall, appear fo to require cee 39 Geo. 3. cap. 87. continued by feveral A&s, and by 49 Geo. 3 cap. 23. further con tinued to the 25 th March 1810.	■■	■	

 v^,ooQle

Permanent.

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Duty.

Corn, continued.

Note.—All Foreign Com when delivered out of any Ship ©r Veflel in the Port of London, is fubjedfc alfo to a Duty of Twv;-pence per Laft, or Ten Quarters, to be paid to the Infpe&or of Corn Returns.

Corn, Powder, See Gunpowder.

Cornu Cervi Calcinatum, the lb.	-

Cortex, rrs.'

----— Angufturae, the lb-

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which Cortex Angufturae may befecured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo, 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. c. 87. 46 G. 3. c. 137. and48 G.3. c. 126.

---Cariophylloides, the lb.

--	—■	Eleutheriae, the cwt*

------Guaiaci, the cwt.

-. Limonuwi or Aurentiorum,	the lb.

———•	Peruvianus or Jefuits	Bark,	the

j.

o o

O I

o o

O 12

o 17 o o

Drawback.

d

*e u d.

4 ° ° 3

3 ' o o 10

6

6

6

3

o 0	4

084 0118 002

lb. -	-	-

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftridlious under which Jefuits Bark may be fecured in Warehoufes without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap 132. 45 Geo,3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

------Simarouba, the lb.

—-----Winteranus, the lb.

■	— not otherwile enumerated or de-

fcribed. for every 1001. of the Value -	'	-

Coftus, the lb.

Cotton Cloth of the Manufacture of the Ifle of Man, See Man, Ifle of.

—■ ■ — Manufa&ures, nut otherwife enumerated or defcribed, for every 1001. of the Value

Cotton Thread, See Thread.

------Wool, See Wool.

------*Yarn, See Yam.

Cow or Ox Hair, See Hair.

----Hides, See Hides.

—— Tails, See Tails.

Cowage or Cowitch, the lb.

Cowries, imported from Europe under Li-

007^ o o 4I

37

° 0

54 o o

o o 10

005

003

25 o o

005

006

Temporary

or

War Duty.

s. J.

o o i| o o 3

o o » 042 o 5 10 002

o o 5

0	o 1

001

12 10 o o O 2f

18 o m

Q O 3





SCHEDULE (A.)-INWARDS.	Permanent.	
	Duty. j	Drawback.
Cowries, continued*  cence for Exportation to Africa, for every loo 1. of the Value Tor the Conditions, Regulation*, and Reftriftions under which Cowries may be fo imported. See 5 Geo. 3. Cap. 30. *  Cows, See Cattle.  See alfo the Note under the Head of Provifions.  Cranberries, the Gallon -Crapes, See Silk Wrought.	£ x. (I. 200  009	&  1 1 •-
Crayons, for every 1001. of the Value Cream of Tartar, thee wt.  Crout, viz. Sour Ciout, for every 100I. of the Value - -See the Note under the Head of Pro-vifiona.  Oyftalj viz-  	— Beads, See Beads.  -■■■' rough, for every 100 1. of the Value ■ - cut, or in any Way manufadiured.	37 10 0 0100  2Q O O 20 O O	25 0 0 13 6 8
for every 100 1. of the Value	37 10 0	25, 0 0
Cubebs, the lb.  Cucumbers, viz.  		pickled, the Gallon  		— preferved in Salt and Water,  for every 1001. of the Value Culm, the Chalder containing 36 Bufhels Winchefter Meafure Cummin Seed, See Seed.  Currents, tiz.  		imported in a Britifh-built Ship,	Q 0 6 016  37 10 0 106	004
the cwt. -	1 8 0	0188
Ship, the cwt For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reilri&ions under which Currants maybe fecured in Warehoules without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 4$ Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo.3. cap. 126.	1 10 0	0 18 8
Cuttle Bones, the 1000	079	052
Cyperus, the cwt. - -D.  Pamalk Tabling or Napkining, See Linen.	0 10 0	068
Dates, the cwt.  Deal Ends, See Wood.  * [-See alfo 43 G. 3. c. 63. § 41.]	2 170	1 18 0

A.D. 1809*

Temporary

or

War Duty. £ x. d. ° r3 4

005

12 10 c 0	5	4

613 4

6	*3	4

12 10 a 002

q o 6

12 10 o

o 6 10

094 Q IO Q

0 2 7 0	3	4

o 19 O

 LjOOQle

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Deals, See Wood Deer Skins, See Skins.

Denia Raifins, See Railins.

Derelict, Goods derelidt, See Droits of Admiralty.

Diagrydium, See Scammoiy.

Diamonds, .Duty free.

Diaper Tabling or Napkining, See Linen. Dice, the Pair

Dittany, the lb.	•

Dog Stones, See Stones.

Down, imported in a Britilh-built Ship, the to.	-	.	.

--------not imported in a Britilh-built Ship,

the lb.	-

Drawings, coloured, each

----*------ plain, each

Dreffing Boxes, See Boxes.

Drillings, See Linen.

Droits of Admiralty, coming within the Denomination of derelidt Flotfam, Jetfam, or Lagan, are not fubjedt to Duty. Drugs, on which fpecific Duties are payable according to the Quantity, See the feveral Articles in alphabetical Courfe.

....- not particularly enumerated or de-

fcribed,or otherwise charged with Dutv# for every tool, of the Value Duck, See Sail Cloth in Linen.

Duft, perfumed. See Perfumed Duft. .

E.

Earthenware, not otherwife enumerated or deferibed, for every iool. of the Value -	■-

Eaft India Goods, for the Duties and Drawbacks on Goods imported by the Eaft India Company, See Table B.

Ebony, See Wood.

Eels, the Ship’s Lading Eggs, the Hundred, containing Six Score See the Note under the Head of Pro-vilions.

Elaftic Bottles, or Burrachas, See India Rubbers.

Elbing Canvas, See Canvas in Linen,

	C.98.	267
Peraianent.		Temporary
Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
£ s. d	£ x. d.	£ X. £
*		
0 16 6 0 0 7*	005	056  O O
009	006	OOJ
OOO  M  O H, OOO	006	0 0 3i  008  004
37 10 0	*5 0 0	•  12 10 9
O  O  O	—	16 13 4
85O 0 0 6	—	2 13 0 00a



Google

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Eleborus, See Helebore.

Elemy Gum, See Gum Elephants Teeth, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which Elephants Teeth may be fecured m Ware houfes, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Eleutheriae Cortex, See Cortex.

Elk Hair, See Hair.

.-----Skins, See Skins.

Emeralds, Rubies, and all other precious Stones and Jewels (except Diamonds) for every iool. of the Value*	-	-	-

Emery Stones, See Stones.

Enamel, the lb.

Ermine Skins, See Skins.

Eflence, viz.

------of Bergamqt, the ib.	-

------of Lemon, the lb.

*— of Spruce, for every iool. of the Value,	-

- - of the Produce of, and imported from any Britilh Colony, Plantation, or Settlement in America, for every iool. of the Value ■— — not otherwife	enumerated	or	described,	for	every	tool,	of	the

Value	-	-

Eftrich Feathers, See Oftrich Feathers, in Feathers.

------Wool, See Oftrich Wool, in Wool.

Euphorbium, the 11>.	-

F.

Fan. Mounts, of Leather, for every iool.

of the Value	-	-

Faro Raifins, See Raifms.

Feather Beds, See Feathers for Beds.

Note.—The Duty on Feather Beds is payable according to the Quantity of Feathers contained therein. Feathers, viz.

— — for Beds, imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the cwt.

« [1See 43 G. 3. tr. 68. $3j

Permanent.		Temporary  or  War Duty.
Duty.	Drawback.	
£ s. d	£ s. d	£. u i.
2100	1 13 4	0 16 8
O  O  O		368
0 4 6	030	016
029	0 1 10	O Q 11
029	O I IQ	0 Q
20 0 0	13 6 8	<5 13 4
10 0 0 '	6 13 4	3 6 8
$7 10 0	45 0 ©	12 ia 0
Hw  rh  O  O	003	0 0
90 O O	*-	30 Q 0
2 l6 O	1 *7 4	0 18 9



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Feathers for Be is, continued*

-----------  -	-	not	imported in a Britifli-

built Ship, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Relink ions under which Feathers for Beds may be fecured in Ware-houfes, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3, cap. 126.

■	Oilrich	or Eftrich, d refled, the lb.

-------- - — undrefled, the lb.

-----------Vulture,	for every iool. of the

Value

----------not otherwife enumerated or <Je-

fcribed, for every iool. of the Value

Fechia Aflies, See Afhes.

Fennel Seed, 1 r> o j

Fenugreek Seed, j ee ee

Fiddles for Children, See Toys.

Figs, imported in a Britifh built Ship, the cwt	-	-

----- not imported in a Britilh-built Ship,

the cwt.	-

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftridlions under which Figs may 4>e fecured in Warehoufes, without Payment of Duly, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132.	45 Geo. 3. cap. 87.

46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Filtering Stones, See Stones.

Fir Quarters,!

—	Timber, > See Wood.

Fire Wood, J

Fifh, viz.

—	Frefh Fifh, Britifh, taken and im-

ported in Britifh-built Ships or Vef-ftls, Duty free.

—	— Britifji, taking and curing, Duty free.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reflridfions under which any fuch Fifh may be imported into Great Britain Duty free. See the Adi to which this Schedule is annexed.

Fifhers Skins. See Skins.

Fifhing Nets, old, See Rags.

Fifh Oil, See'Train Oil, in Oil.

Fitches Skim. See Skins.

Permanent.

Duty. Drawback.

£ S. d

300

0136 o 14	6

£	/.	d.

1 17 4

I	*5	0	I	3	4	0	11	s
0	IO	0	0	6	8	0	3	4
37	10	0		0	0	12	10	•
37	10	0	25	•	0	12	10	O

090

090

Temportury

or

War Duty.

£ /. 4. 1 o m

046

o 4 10



Google

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Flag Brooms, Brooms.

Flannel, the Yard .	-

Flafks, See Bottles.

Flax, m.

—	dreffed, imported in a Britifh-built

Ship, the cwt.	...

—	— - - not imported in a Britifh-built

Ship, the cwt.	r

—	rough or undreflcd. imported in a

Britifh-built Ship, the cwt.

- - not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the cwt.	-

Flax Seed, See Seed.

Flint Stones for Potters, See Stones, Flocks, the cwt.	-	-

Flotfam, Goods Flofam, See Droits of Admiralty.

Flower Roots, Trees, or Plants, for every 100I. of the Value Flowers, Artificial, not made of Silk, for every idol, of the Value Forefl Seed, See Seed.

Foffilfc,	not otherwife	enumerated	or	de-

feribed, for	every iool.	of	the

Value	-	-

Fowls, See the Note under the Head of Provifio»>8.

-- Tails? }5*Ski"S-

Frames for Pi&ures, Prints or Drawings.

for every 10. I, of th>e Value Frankincence, the cwt.

French Beans, See Beans.

See alfo the Note under the Head of Provifions.

Fruit, artificial, for every iool. of the Value Furriers* Walle, for every iool. of the Value Furs, See Skins.

Furze Seed, See Seed.

Fuftic, See Wood.

G.

Galanga, imported diredUy from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

------*---not imported diredlly from the

Place of its Growth, the lb. -Galbanum, imported diredlly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

— ■ not imported dirrdtly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. -

Permanent.		Temporary . or War Duty.
Duty.	Drawback.	
e£ s. d.	£	£ s. J-
010		0 0 4
615 6	—	2 5 *
7 1 0	—	270
003	—	001
He*  O  0	—	0 0 i|
0 12 0	i 0 8 0	040
20 O O	13 6 8	6 13 4
O  O  r>.  cn	—	12 JO 0
20 O 0	Cjo  ON  CO	6 13 4
37 JO O		12 IO O
0140	O94	048
37 10 0		12 IO 0
37 10 0		12 iO 0
0  0  u	0 0 2	OO I
006	004	0 0 2
009	00 6	0 0 3
016	010	0 0 6

	?le

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Permanent.		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Galley Tiles, See Tiles.	£ 1. d.	£ s. di	£ j. d.
Galls, the ewt -	070	— '	0 2 4
Gamboge, the lb.  Game, See the Note under the Head of Provifions.  Garden Seed, See ^«;d.  Garnets, viz.  	 cut, the lb. - -  •	 rough, the lb.  Gauze ofThread. for every iool. of the Value Geldings, See Horfes.  Gem Sal, See Sal.  Geneva, See Spirits.	010  0176 060 46 0 0	008  011 8 040	004  0 f 10  020 13 6 8
Gentian, the lb.  Gibraltar.  For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftridlions under which Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth or Produdfcion of the Dominions of the Emperor of Morocco may be imported from Gibraltar, on Payment of fuch Duties only as are or fhall be payable on the like Goods, when imported dire£Hy from Africa, See ty Geo. 3. cap. 19.  Ginger, viz..  	the Produce of the Britifh Planta-  tions, Colonies, or Settlements in	003	C 9 2	0 0 r
Africa or America, the cwt.  -	not the Produce of the Britifh	0146	098	0410
Plantations, the cwt.  For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which Ginger imported from the Weft Indies may be fecured in Warehoufes, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.  	preferved, the lh.	1 *3 0  020	1 2 4	on 2  008
Ginfeng, the lb.  For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which Ginfeng may be fecured in Warehoufes, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 8y. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.  Glafs, viz.  -	Bottles, See Bottles,	0 0 •	Q O 7	003^



SCHEDULE (A.)-INWARDS.

Glafs, continued.

----- broken, fit only to be reman ufac-

.tured, the cwt.	-

—— rough Plate Glafs, and ground or poliftied Plate or Crown Glafs, for every iocl. of the Value

-	- and befides for every Foot fuper-ficial Meafure

—-■■■ ' German Sheet Glafs, for every iool. of the Value	-

-	- and befides for every Foot fuper-ficial Meafure

Glafs Manufa&ures, not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, for every iool. of the Value Glafs is alfo fubjefl to a Duty of Excife. Glovers Clippings, fit only to make Glue, the cwt.	-

Glue, the cwt.	-

Goat Hair, See Hair.

----Skins, See Skins.

—— Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair.

Gold Coin, See Bullion.

---- Plate, See Pi ate.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, viz,.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which any Goods or Commodities (except Tobacco, Snuff, and Rice), being the Produce of any Territory, PofTeflion, or Country* not under the Dominion of His Majefty on the Continent of America or in the Weft Indies, may, under His Majefty’s Order in Council be imported into Great Britain from any fuch Territory, Poffefiion, or Country* and be fecured in Ware-houfes without Payment of Duty, for the Purpofe of being exported to Foreign Parts, and for no other Purjiofe whatever: See 42 Geo. 3. cap 80. revived and continued by 44 Geo. 3. cap. 30. until Eight Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

For the Conditions, Regulations, an<P Reftri&ions under which His Majefty may, during the prefent War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty

Duty.

Drawback.

£ s.	d.

oao

£ s. d.

72 o o 026 72	0	0

010

72 o o

030

076

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ /. d

008

24 o o 24 o «

24 O ft

010

0^6

• V

 v^ooQle

49° GEO. Ill,

273

'A.D.i8o9.

C« 98*

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Goods?—Wtres and Merchandize, continued. of Peace, grant Licence to Britifh Subjects to import from any Country in America belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or btae, any Goods or Commodities of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any fuch Country in any Ship or VefTel belonging to any .Sti te in Amity with His Majefty, fuKeft to the fame Duties as if imported in a Britifh built Ship \ See 45 Geo. 3. cap. 34.

Goofe Quill*, See Quills.

Grain, See Corn.

Grains, viz.

------ Guinea Grains, the lb.

*------of Paradife, the lb.

Granilla, the lb.	-	-

Grapes, for every tool, of the Value

------ Rape of, See Rape of Grapes.

Grave Stones, See Stones.

Greafe, thecwt.	-

Greaves for Dogs, the cwt.

Grogram Yarn, See Yarn.

Guaiacum Cortex, See Cortex.

-----------Gum,	See Gum.

Guernfey, lfland of,

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reltr.&ions under which Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produrlion, and Manufacture of the Iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Sark, or A’d^rney, (Salt excepted. See 38 Geo. 3 cap. 89. and -Slate and Stones not being Burr Stones, or Stones ufed for the Pur-pofe of paving or making or mending Roads, See 34. Geo. 3. c^p. 5 I. and 42 Geo. 3. cap. 95.) may be im ported from thofe Iflands by the Inhabitants thereof, without Payment of any Duty, except fuch Excife or o.her Duty as lhali be payable for the like Goods of the Growth, Production, and Manufacture of Great Britain, See 3 Geo. 1. cap. 4. But Foreign Goods having been lawfully imported into the faid Iflands, and Foreign Goods and 49 Geo. III.	.	T

Permanent.

Duty. Drawback. £ s. d £ s. d.

006 013 006 37 io o

004 o o 10

G 1 O OI3

O O 19

Temporary

or

War Duty.

/. d.

0 0 2

005 0	0	a

12 10 o

004

005

 QjOOQle

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Permanent.		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Guemfey, continued.  Commodities in Fart or fully nianu-fadlured in either of their, and which may be legally imported from thence in’o Great Britain, are fubject to fuch Duties as are payable for the like Goods when imported from any Foreign Country of which they are the Growth, ProduA, or Manufacture, See 3 Geo. i. cap. 4.  Guinea Grains, See Grains.  	Pepper, See Pepper.  —	Wood, See Red Wood in Wood.  Gum, viz.  		Ammoniacus, imported diredtly from	£ s. d	£ s. d	£ s. d.
the Place of its Giowth, the lb. -- - - r.ot imported diredlly from the	009	00 6	003
place of its Growth, the ib.  —1 ■ Animi, the lb.  •		Arabic, the cwt.  For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftridlions under which Gutn Arabic may be fccured in Ware-houfes without Payment of Duty, &V43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap.'137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 1 26.  •		Cake lac. See Lac in Gum.  	Cafhew, the cwt.  ——Copal, the lb. - -	016  O06  076  046  0 1 0	010  004  008	006’  002  0	2 €  01	6 004
	- Elemi, the lb. - - I  			 Guaiacum, the lb. - - j  	Juniper,- See Gum Sandrake  “ Lac, viz.	004^ 0 1 i£	003  009	0 0 i| 0 0 45
	Cake-lac, the lb.	003	0 0 3	001
-	- - Shellack or Seed-lac, the lb. -  -	- - Stick-lac, the cwt.  	Opopanax, imported diredlly from	0 0 05 0	.003	00 li 018
the Place of its Growth, the lb. -- - - not imported diredlly from the	02 3	Ol6	009,
Place of its Growth, the lb.  — ■■ Sagapenum, imported diredlly from	046	0 3 0	01 6
the Place of its Growth, the lb. -- - - not imported diredlly from the	0 0 6	OO4	0 0 3
Plfcce of its Growth, the lb.  		 Sandrake or Juniper, the cwt. - :  		Sarcocolla, imported diredlly from	010  012 0	OOS  080	^ 0  0 ''+■ 0 0
the Place of its Growth, the lb. -• - - not imported diredlly from the	006	OO4	0 0 3
Place of its Growth, liie lb.	0 .1 0	0 0 8	0 0 4

 v^ooQle

SCHEDULE (A).—INWARDS.

Gum, continued.

------Seed-lac, See Lac in Gum.

*	----Senega, the cwt.

---imported from Europe in a

Britifh-built Ship, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which Gum Senega may be fo imported, See 25 G. 2. cap. 32.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Rellri&ions under’which Gum Senega may be fecured in Warehoufes, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3, cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

------Tacamahaca, the lb.

—	------ Tragacanth, imported dire&ly from

the Place of its Growth, the lb. -- - - not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

*	----not particularly enumerated or de-

feribed, or otherwife charged with Duty, for every tool, of the Value	-

Gunpowder, viz Corn Powder, the cwrt. -

—	--------Serpentine Powder, the cwt. -

Gutting Canva3, See Canvas in Linen. Gypfum, the ton, containing 20 cwt.

------— the Produce of and imported from

any Britilh Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America^ the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

H.

Hair, viz.

—	- Camel, the lb.	-

—	Cow, Ox, or Bull, the cwt.

—	- Elk, the cwt.

-—; Goat or Turkey Goats Wool, the lb

---- Hats made of, See Hats.

---- Horfe, for every iocl. of the Value -

---- Human, the lb.

not ot herwife enumerated or deferibed, for every iool. of the Value Hair Powder, the cwt.

■—> ■■■■■ ■	..	~ perfumed, or perfumed Dull,

the cwt,	-	«■

T 2

Permanent.		Temporary  or  War Duty.
Duty.	Drawback.	
sS x. d.	s£ s. d.	£ '•
® 7 6	—	026
110		0  V|  0
0 1 3	0 0 10	0  0
0  0  I3H	005	0 O
0 i 3	O O IO	O  0
37 10 6	25 0 0	12 10 O
260	i 10 8	0 15 4
190	0 19 4	098
1 0 0	• —	0 6 $
OS  0  0	—	003
oxo	%	004
011 6	—	0 3 10
0116	—	0 3 10
003	—*	0 0 1
20 0 0		6 13 4
030		OIO
20 0 0	—	6 13 4
6 3.0		a 1 e
8 12 0		a 17 4

 L^ooQLe

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Permanent.		T emporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Hams, See Bacon. \	s. cl., s£ 1. d.		e£ S. d.
See alfo the Note under the Head of Provifions.  Handfcoops, the Dozen	O  M  Oa		O O $
Handfpikes, See Wood.  Hard Wax, See Wax.  Hare Skins, See Skins.  —*— Wool, See Wool.  Harp Strings, the Grofs, containing 12 Dozen Knots	O4O	028	° 1 4.
Hart Homo, See Horns.  Hats, viz.  — Ball, Chip, Cane or Horfe Hair Hats or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet, not exceeding 22 Inches in Diameter, the Dozen - -	069		0 2 3
- - each Hat or Bonnet exceeding 22 Inches in Diameter, the Dozen	0 jj 6		O46
« Straw Hats or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet not exceeding 22 Inches in Diameter, the Dozen	230		O 14 4
- - each Hat or Bonnet, exceeding 22 Inches in Diameter, the Dozen	460		18 8
For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reflri&ions under which Chip or Straw Hats may be fecured iu Ware-houfes without Payment of Luty, See43 Geo.3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. J37. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.  	made of or mixed with Felt Hair,  Wool or Beaver, the Hat	1 1 6		0 7 2
Hay, the Load, containing 36 Truflcs, each Trufs being jMbs.	0 14 6		0410
Head Matter, See Train Oil in Oil. Heath, for Brufhes, the cwt.	0 5 9		0 in
Relebore or Eleborus, the lb.	003	002	0 0 1
Hemp, viz.  drefled, imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the cwt.	300		100
• - not imported in a Britilh-built Ship, the cwt.	3 3 0		1 1 0
vegetable Subftance of the Nature and Quality of undreffed Hemp and applicable to the fame Pur-pofes imported in a Britilh-built Ship, the cwt.	0 3 9	0 3 10	0 1 11
■ - not imported in a Britilh-built Shi§* the cwt.	066	0 3 10	022



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Hemp, rough or unditiled,'Continued.

------------ the Produce of the Britifh

Plantations in America, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reitridtions under wliich Hemp un-dreflbd may be fecured in approved Places without Payment of Duty, &M3 Geo 3. c.'132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137, and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

■ ■ —■ Seed, tee Seed.

•------Seed Oil, tee Oil.

Hermodadtyl, the lb.

Jieflens Canvas, tee Canvas in Linen.

Hides, viz*

—	---- Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox, in the

Hair not tanned, tawed, curried, or in any way d\effed.

-	- - imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Hide

-	- - not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Plide

-	- - Tanned, and not otherwife dreffed, the lb.

-	- - Tails, tee Tails.

r-------- Elk, tee Skins.

--------Horfe,	Mare,	or Gelding, in the

Hair, not tanned, tawed, curried, or in any way dreffed.

-	- - imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Hide

-	- - not impoited in a Britifh-built Ship, the Hide

r - - Tanned, and not otherwife dreffed, the lb.	-

—	---- Lofli, the lb. -

-- ■ "■ - Mufcovy, or Ruflia tanned or coloured, the lb.

—	--or Pieces of Hides, raw or un-

dreffed, not particularly enumerated or deferibed or otherwife charged with Duty, imported from any Britifh Colony or Plantation in America, for every tool, of the Value	-

-■ or Pieces of Hides, raw or un-drefled, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwife

i

T3

Permanent.		Temporary  or  War Duty.
Duty.	Drawback.	
x. d>	£ s. d.	/6 x. d.
0  0	‘	0 X t
006	O  O	0  0
006	_	«•  0  0
016	—	006
In  O  O		H*  «  O  O
O06		*  O  O
O  M  Cv	—	0 0 6
O 0 7$	■ —	O © 2\
OIO	“-"r	OO4
0 2 0		Mr ,  0  0
3 IV ©	—	* 4 8

 CjOoqL e

SCHEDULE (A).—INWARDS.

Hides, continued.

charged wkh Duty, for every “ iool. of the Value ~ ■—- or Pieces of Hides, tanned, tawed, curried, or in any way dreffed, not particularly enumerated or de-' fcribed, or otherwife charged with Duty, for every iool. of the Value	-	-

Note—His Majefly is authorized to permit, by Order in Council, any Hides or Pieces of Hides, dreffed or undreffed, to be imported into Great Britain in any foreign Ship or Veffel, on Payment of fuch Duties as are due and payable thereon when imported in a Britiih-built Ship, See 44 Geo. 3. cap. 29. revived and continued by 45 Geo. 3. cap. 80. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 29. and by 48 Geo. 3. c. 24. further continued until Three Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which Hides may be fecuved in approved Places, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132.	45 Geo. 3. cap. 87.

46 Gep.3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo.3. cap. 126.

H«g*, See the Note under the Head qf Pro-vifions.

Hogs Lard, See Lard.

Hones,	the Hundred,	containing Five

Score	-

Honey,	the cwt.	•	-

Hoofs of Cattle, for every iool. of the Value	-

HoOpS,. 172J.

•	-----of Iron, the cwt.

•	-----of Wood, the 1000	-	•

Hops, the cwt. *	-	*	-

Horns,

-	-----Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox, the

Hundred, containing Five Score

-------Hart or Stag, the Hundred, containing Five Score

-	.....not otherwife enumerated or de-

Permanent.

Duty. Drawback.

dS /. d.

20 O O

90 o o

o 14 6

096

20 o o

o 15 o 090 580

O 13 6

o 13	6

£	/.	d

9 8

0 2 4 0 9 0

*	45	G,	0.	c.	99.	|	12.	as	to	Hops	to	and	from	the'	JJle	qf	Man.]

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ s. d.

6 13 4

30 o o

o 4 10 032

6 *3 4

0	<	o

030

1	16 o

0 12



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Horn*; continued.

fcribed, for every iool. of the Value	-	-

Note—His Majefty is authorized to , permit, by Order in Council, any Horns or Pieces of Horns to be imported into Grcat Britain in any foreign Ship or Vefffel, on Payment of fuch Duties as are due and payable thereon when imported in a Britifh-built Ship, £>*44 Geo. 3. cap. 29. revived and continued by ,	45 Geo. 3. cap 80. 46 Geo. 3.

cap. 29 and by 48 Geo. 3. cap. 24. further continued until Three Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

Horn Tips, the Hundred, containing 5 Score

Horfe Hair, See Hair.

--------------Hats	or	Bonnets, See Hats.

------Hides, See Hides.

Horfes, Mares or Geldings, each

Human Hair, Hair.

Hungary Water, See Spirits.

Hulks or Knubs of Silk, See Silk Knubs in Silk.

Hufie Skins, See Skins.

I.

Jalap, the lb.

f or the Conditions, Regulations and Reilri&ions under which Jalap may be fecured in Warehoufes, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Ueo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap ii6.

Jamaica Wood, See Brazilletto Wood in Wood.

Japonica Terra, See Terra.

Jerfey, Ifland of. See Guernfey.

Jefiamine Oil, See Oil.

Jefuit Bark, See Cortex Peruvianus.

Jet, the lb.	-	-

----Beads, See Beads.

Jctfanj, Goods Jetfam, See Droits of Ad miralty.

Jewels, See Emeralds.

lncle, viz.

—— unwrought, the lb. 1	-	-

T 4

Permanent.		r< mporary
Duty.	Drawback.	War Duty.
£ s. d.	£ /. d	£ *. <L
20 0 0	13 6 8	6 ij 4
0 1 3	0 0 10	VI  O  O
4 4 0	—	i 8 •
0 1 if	o\  0  0	0 0 4|
013	0010	v*  O  6
006		0 • •

 (^.ooQle

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Incle, continued.

—•-— wrought, the lb.	-

India Rubbers, or Burrachas, the lb.

Indian Corn, or Maize, SeeQoxxi,

Indigo, the lb.	-

For the Conditions, Regulations and Rellridtions under which Indigo may be fecured in Warehoufes, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 133.	45	Geo.	3.	cap.	87.

46 Geo.3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Ink for Printers, the cwt.

Ipecacoanhec Radix, See Radix.

Ireland. The Duties and Drawbacks of Cuftoms on Articles the Growth, Produce or Manufa&ure of Ireland, imported dire&ly from thence, are not in any way altered, varied or repealed by any Thing herein contained, See the A& to which this Schedule is annexed.

Iris Root, See Orrice Root.

Iron, viz.

—	--- in	Bars	or unwrought,

-	the Produce of any Britifh Colony or Plantation in America, and imported from thence, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

-	- the Produce ot any other Coun*-

try,

-	- imported in a Bntifh-built Ship,

the T on, containing 20 cwt.

*	- not imported in a Britiih-built

Ship, the Ton, containing 2q cwt. For t ie Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which Iron in Bars may be fecured in approved Places, without Payment of Duiy, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

—	flit or hammered into Rods and Iron

drawn or hammered, lefs than ^ of an Inch Square

-	— imported in a Britifh-built

Ship, the cwt.

•	- - not imported in a Britifli-built

Ship, the cwt.

—	Call, for every 1001. of the Value -

—Hoops, See Hoops.

Permanent.		Temporary  or  War Duty.
Duty.	Drawback.	
£ s. d.	£ s. d	£ x. d.
0 3 3	—	Oil
003	002	0 0 I
0  0  CO		001
0 13 0	00  CO  0	044
O 14 0		048
420	—	1 7 4
O  0	*	1 13 4
0 12 6		042.
0 13 6	—	046
20 O O		6 13 +



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Iron, continued.

—	old broken and old call Iron, the Ton

containing 20 cwt.	-	*	-

' — Ore, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

—•— Pig Iron, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

• - the Produce of and imported from the Britiih Plantations in America, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

—	Wire, feWire. lfmglafs, the cwt.

-------the Produce of, and imported from

the Britifh Plantations ii America, the cwt.

Ifle of Man, See Man, Ifle of. juice of Lemons, Limes, or Oranges, the Gallon -Juniper Berries, See Berries.

----— Gum, See Gum S&ndrake.

-------Oil, See Oil.

Junk old, See Rags old.

Ivory”, the lb.

K.

Kelp, imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the cwt*	-	-

—— not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the cwt.	-

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which Kelp may be fecured in approved Places, without Payment of Duty, See43 Geo. 3. cap. 132.	45 Geo. 3. cap. 87.

46 Geo. 3. cip. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Kidney Beans, See Beans.

See alfo the N ote under the .Head of Provifions.

Kid Skins, See Skins.

Kits of Wood, See Pails.

Knees of Oak, See Wood.

Knubs of Silk, See Silk Knubs in Silk.

•

L.

Lac, See Lac in Gum.

Lace, viz.

•---Silk Lace, for every ipol. of the

Value*	-	-

——* Thread Lace, viz.

- - - under cs. the Yard in Value, the Yard .	•	’

* [See 43 G. a. c. 68. § 32—35.]

Permanent.		Temporary*  or  War Duty.
Duty.	Drawback.	
£ *.	£ s. d.	£ s. J.
oil 0	—	038
• 5 6	—	O I 10
0 IX 0		038
050	—	0X8
I 10 0	—	0 10 •
O 10 0	—	0 3 4
009	O O $	0 0 3
O 33	—	0 1 t
0  00  On	O58	0 2 to
090	O58	030
O  O  'O		8 6 8
0 i 6	—	0 0 .6

 v^ooQle

49° GEO. III.

A.D. i8opu

C.9S*

SCHEDULE <A.) —INWARDS.

LacC—Thread Lace, continued*

-- - of «;s. and under i©8. the Yard in Value, the Yard * • - of 1 os. and under 15 s. the Yard in Value, the Yard

-	- - of 15s. and under 20s. the Yard in Value, the Yard

- of 20s. and under 25a. the Yard in Value, the Yard

-	- - of 25s. the Yard or upwards, for every 1 ool. of the Value

Lagan, Goods Lagan, Sec Droits of Admiralty.

Lamb, whether Saited orotherwife.

See the Note under the Head of Pro-vifions.

Lamb Skins. ) c G1 .

------Slink. \	S“ Skln3>

Lambs, See the Note under the Head of Provifions.

—•	Wool, See Sheeps Wool in WeoL

Lamp Blacky the cwt. -Lapis, viz.

------Calaminaris, the cwt.

—	■■ ■ Contrayervx, the oz.

—■— Lazuli, the lb.

—	Tutiae, the lb. -	-

Lard, the cwt. -	•

Lathwood, See Wood.

Latten, m.

—	.Black, the cwt.

—— ■ Shaven, the cwt.	-	-	-

—	-Wire, See Wire.

Lavender Flowers, the lb.	*

—	-Water. See Spirits.

Lawns, See Linen.

Lazuli Lapis, See Lapis.

Lead, viz.

—	Black, the cwt.	-	-

------Ore, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

•-----Pig, for every iool. of the Value

—	—Red, t)ie cwt.	-	-

------White, the cwt.	-

Leaf Metal, See Metal.

Leather, any Article made cf Leather, or any Manufadure whereof Leather is the mod: valuable Part, not ©therwifeenumerated or deferibed, for every iool. of the Value Leaves of Gold, the 100 Leaves »

Permanent.		Temporary  or  War Duty.
Duty.	Drawback.	
£ t.	£ c. d.	£ *. d.
026	—	0 0 10
O  O	—	010
O43	—	0 I 5
Q 5 3	—	019
35 0 0		8 6 8
220	180	0 14 9
050		0 1 3
013	0 0 10	005
020	0 1 4	008
0 0 4£	003	001%
050	" 1	018
© 17 6	on 8	0 $ 10
1 11 6	1 1 0	0 10 6
006	© 0 4	002  <■
026	018	0 0 10
126	0 15 0	076
20 0 0	—	6 13 4
0 5 3	036	0 1 9,
066	044	022
90 0 0		30 0 0
019	© 1 2	007



Google

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Leaves of Rofes or Violets, the lb.

Lemons, imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the 1000	-

■------not imported in a Britifh-built

Ship, the 1000

-------Juice of. See Juice.

—— Pickled, the Tun, containing Gallons	-	-

Lentiles, the Bu'fhel	-	-

See the Note under the Head of Pro-v ikons.

Leopard Skins, See Skins.

Lexia Raifins, See Raifins.

Lignum, viz.

-------Quaffia, the cwt.

—------Rhodium, See Rofe Wood in

Wood.

—— - Vitae, See Wood.

Lime Stones, See Stones.

Limes, Juice of. See Juice.

Limonum Cortex, See Cortex.

---------Sal,	See Sal.

Linen, plain, viz*

-------Cambricks and Lawns, commonly

called French.Lawns,* plain, the Piece not exceeding Eight Yards in Length, and not exceeding Seven Eighths of a Yard in Breadth -

•	- - exceeding Eight Yards in

Length, or exceeding Seven Eighths of a Yard in Breadth the Piece ; and in that Proportion for a greater or lefs Quantity —— Canvas, viz.

- - - He (Ten Canvafs or Dutch Bar-ras, imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the 120 Ells

-	- not imported in a Britifh-

built Ship, the 120 Ells -

•	- - Packing Canvafs, Guttings,

Spruce, Elbing, or Queenf-borough Canvafs

-	- imported in a Britifh-built

Ship, the 120 Ells .. - - not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the 120 Ells «-

* [Sec 40 G. 3. c. 68. §31.]

Permanent.		Temporary  or  War Duty.
Duty.	Drawback.	
dB s. d.	sB s. d.	dB s. d+
006	004	O 0 %
0 12 3	082	041
0 13 0	082	044
260 *0* 0 6	1 10 8	0 15 4 002
5120	—	f 17 4
060	040	02a
076	050	026
1 13 6	1 2 4	0 11 2
1 13 0	1 2 4	• 11 8
126	0 15 0	07 6
I 36	0 if-. e	0 7 10



CPUTTTMTT 17 /A \ TXTTT7 A Of\P	Permanent.		Temporary
^vlli^UUJLlj (A»J“LrlVVAKJJo*	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Linen, continued.	& s. d.	*£ s. d. l	£. s. d.
—Dawnafk Tabling of the Manufacture of Holland, viz. f* - not exceeding I EU 7 in Breadth, the Yard -	063	0 4 2	021
• - exceeding 1 Ell i and under 2 Ells in Breadth, the Yard	0 7 3	0 4 IP	025
- - of the Breadth of 2 Ells and under 3 Ells in Breadth, the Yard - -	1  0 8 3	0 5 6	029
• - of the Breadth of 3 Ells or upwards, the Yard	0120	080	040
■ — Damafk Tabling of the Manufacture v of Silefia or of any other Place not otherwife enumerated or deferibed, the fquare Yard	0x6	0 t 0	006
—■ Damalk Towelling and Napkiningof the Manufacture of Holland, the Yard -	026	0x8	O O IQ
— Damafk Towelling and Napkining of the Manufacture of Silefia or of any other Place not otherwife enumerated or deferibed, the Yard	009	006	0 0 3
—- - Diaper Tabling of the Manufacture of Holland, viz.  - - not exceeding 1 Ell i in Breadth, the Yard -	0 3 3	022	Oil
• - exceeding r Ell 7 and under 2 Ells in Breadth, the Yard	0 3 9	026	9 13
• - of the Breadth of 2 Ells and under 3 Ells in Breadth, the Yard	040	028	O I 4
- - of the Breadth of 3 Ells or upwards, the Yard	o 5 9	0 3 to	0 1 II
*	Diaper Tabling of the Manufacture  ci Silefia or of any other Place not otherwife enumerated or deferibed, the Yard -	01 9	0x2	007
—' mi. - Diaper Towelling and Napkining of the Manufacture of Holland, the Yard - - -	013	0  HI  O  O	0  0
—		- Diaper Towelling and Napkining of  the Manufacture of Silefia, or of any other Place not otherwife enumerated or deferibed, the Yard	009	0 0 6	0  0
		Drillings and Packduck, viz.  - - imported in a Britilh-buik Ship, the 120 Ells	2 17 6	I l8 4	‘ 0 19 2
* - not imported in a Britifh-built $hip, the 120 Ehs - . -	300	I 18 4	10 9



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Permanent.		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Linen, continued.	£ s. d.	£ s. d.	£ 1, d+
«■ ■ - Flanders Linen, and Linen of the Manufa&ure of Holland, plain, not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, viz,  - - not exceeding 1 Ell f in Breadth, the Ell ...	019	012	007
— exceeding 1 Ell * in Breadth,and under 2 Ells in Breadth, the Eli	• 2 0	014	oof
- - of the Breadth of 2 Ells and under 3 E1U in Breadth, the Ell	023	016	909
— of the Breadth of 3 Ells or upwards, the Eil	0 3 3	022	0 1 a
—■ - German, Switzerland, Fall Country (except Rufiia) and Silefia Cloth, plain, •viz.  - - not exceeding 31^ laches in Breadth,  - - imported in a Britifh-built -Ship, the 120 Ells	I 16 9	146	on j
- - not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the 120 Ells -	1 i3 0	146	0 12 8
— exceeding 3i£ Inches,and not exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth,  - - imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the i2o Elis	3 17	2 IX 8	1 S «•
- - not imported in a Bsatifh-built Shb, the 120 Ells -	400	2118	1 6 8
- - exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, - - imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the 120 Ells	5 *9 3	3 19 6	1 19 9
- - not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the 120 Ells -	630	*  3 19 6	2 « •
■- Hinderlands, Brown, under 22^ Inches in Breadth,  - - imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the 120 Ells	*  1 1 0	0 14 0	0 7 0
- - not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the 120 Ells	120	0 14 0	0 r 4
——* - Lawns, viz.  • - Silefia and all other Lawns, plain, (except Cambrlcks and French Lawns) not bleached in Holland, the Piece not exceeding 8 Yards in Length	*  0  0	o s 8	014
- - Silefia and all other Lawns, plain fexcept Cambricks and French Lawns) bleached in Holland, the Piece not exceeding 8 Yards fc in Length -	0  Cn  O	|034	.oxS



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Permanent.		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
JLine«, continued.  —-— Pack Duck, See Drillings in Linen. - Ruffia Linen, plain, viz.  •	- Towelling and Napkining of the  Manufacture of Ruflia,  •	- not exceeding 22$ Inches in  Breadth,  * - imported m a Britifh-built	£ s. d.	j £ j. d.	£ j. (L
Ship the 120 Ells • - not imported in a Britifh-	0 19 9	0 13 2	0 6 7
built Ship, the 3 20 Ells -- ■ ■■- Ruflia Linen, not otherwife enumerated or described,  - - not exceeding 22^ Inches in Breadth,  — imported in a Britifh-built	i 1 6	0 13 2	072
Ship, the 120 Elk - - not imported in a Britifh-	103	0 13 6	0 6 9
built bhip, the 120 E1U -• - exceeding 22£ Inches and not exceeding 315 Inches in Breadth,  - - imported in a Britifh-built	1 1 3	0 13 6	071
Ship, the 120 Ells - - not imported in a Britifh-	I 12 3	1 1 6	0 10 9
built Ship, the 120 Ells -- - exceeding 31^ Inches and not exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth,  - . imported in a Britifh-built	1 13 6	1 1 6	0 11 2
Ship, the 120 Ells - - not imported in a Britifh-	a 8 0	I 12 0	0 16 0
built Ship, the 120 Ells -* r exceeding 36 Inches and not ex ceeding 45 Inches in Breadth, - - imported in a Britifh built	a 10 0	1 12 0	0 16 s
Ship, the 120 Ells - - not imported in a Britifh-	469	2 j 7 10	1 8 11
built Ship, the 120 Ells -- - exceeding 45 Inches in Breadth, - - imported in a Britifh buiit	486	2 17 10	196
Ship, the 120 Ells - - not imported in a Britifh-	6 @ 0	400	200
built Ship, the 120 Ells -■■■ » ■ Sail Cloth, or Sail JDuck, viz.  - - not exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth,  - - imported in a Britifh-built	6 46	400	216
Ship, the 120 Ells v -. Pot imported in a Britifh-	2 16 0	—	0 18 8
built Ship, the 120 Elk -	2 19 0	—	0 19 8

 boo;

A.D.1809. 490 GEO. III.		C.98.	a? 7
SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Perm;  Duty.	inent.  Drawback.	Temporary  or  War Duty.
Linen,—Sail Cloth, Sec. continued.  - - exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, - - imported in a Britifh-built	£ s.	£ s. d.	£ s. d.
Ship, the 120 Ells - ~ not imported in a Britifh-	4 13 6	—	XIIX
built Ship, the 120 Ells -	4176	_	1 12 6
	Sail?, for every iool. of the Value -  		not being chequered or ftriped, or  not being printed, painted, ftained or dyed, after the manufacture, or in the Thread or Yarn before the manufacture, and not being other-wife enumerated or deferibed, for	54 10 0		18 3 4
every fool, of the Value  	chequered or ftriped, or printed,  painted, (tained or dyed after the manufacture, or in the Thread or Yarn before the manufacture, not being prohibited to be imported into or worn or ufed in Great Britain, and not being otherwife enumerated or deferibed, for every	40 0 0	26 13 4	13 $ *
loci, of the Va'ue — German and Rufiia Linen, chequered or ftriped, the Thread or Yarn of which the fame is made being coloured, ftained or dyed before the manufaCt ure, exported to any Ifland under the Dominion of Hi* iVIajefty in the Weft indie9, in which De-feription the Bahama Iflands and the Bermuda or Somers Ifiands are included, for every tool, of the	90 0 0		30 0 •
Value  - - and alfo of the Temporary or War Duty, for every icol. of		87 10 0	
the Value - - -For the Conditions, Regulations and ReftriCtions under which Linen, plain, of all Sorts (except Sail Cloth), may be fecured in Ware-Jhoufes, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3* cap. 126.  Linen Yarn, Set Yarn.  JL.inn Boards, See Boards in Wood.  Linfeed, See Seed.  ——	 Cakes, the cwt.  4	QIC	30 0 0	0 0 4

 v^ooQle

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS,

Lion Skins, See Skins,

Lipari Raifins, See Raifins.

Liquorice Juice, See Succus Liquoritiz. ---------Powder, the cwt.

—	■	Root, the cwt.

Litharge, v.;«.

----------of Gold, the cwt.

—	-------of Silver, the cwt.

Litmus, the cwt.

Lobfters, Dutyfree.

Logwood, See Wood.

Long Pepper, See Pepper.

Lofh Hides, See Hides.

Lucerne Seed, See Seed.

Lupines, the cwt.

Luteftrings, ^Catlings.

Permanent.

Duty.

Drawback.

d. £

3 * ° 200

o 1	3

O I o

026

260 i 6	8

Temporary

or

VV ar Duty.

£ x. d.

1	3 o

0I3 4

o 10 o S

o o o o

O © IQ

5

4

030

020

1 o

M.

Mace, viz.

— - the Produce of, and imported from any Britifli Colony or Plantation in America, the lb. imported under Licence, the lb.

* For the Conditions, Regulations, and Redactions under which Mace may be fo imported from any Place, See 3 and 4 Ann. cap. 4. 8 Ann. cap. 7. 6 Geo. 1. cap. 21. See alfo 8 Geo. 1. cap. 18. continued by feve-ral Statutes, and by 43 Geo. 3. cap. 29. further continued to the 29th September 1809, and from thence to the End of the then next Sefiion of Parliament. *

----- Oil of, See Oil.

Madder, viz.

----.... Mull, the cwt. •	-

---------Root,	the	cwt.

-----— of any other Sort, the cwt.

Mahogany, See Wood.

Maize, See Corn.

Man, Ifle of.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which Cotton Yarn and Cotton Cloth of the Manufacture of the Ifle of Man, and BeAials and other Goods, Wfcres, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the faid Ifland (with Exceptions as to * [Perpetual, fee Cinnamon.]	»

046 0 5 9

o ©	6

030 0.3 o

o 3 10

016 o 1 11

002

O I o OIO

 v^ooQle

A.d. 1809.

49* GEO. III.

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Man, Ifle of, continued,

feme Articles) may be imported direCtly from thence without Payment of any Duties of Culloms, See 5 Geo. 3. cap. 43. and alfo ao Geo. 3. cap. 4a. 34 Geo. 3. cap. 51. and 45 Geo. 3. cap. 99.

Mangrove Bark, &*Bark.

Manna, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, mid ReftriCtions under which Manna may be fecured in Warehoufes, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 13a.	45 Geo. 3.

cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 40 Geo. 3. cap. ia6.

Maps and Charts, the Piece

Marble, See Stones.

Marbles for Children, See Toys.

Mares, See Horfes.

------ Hides> See Hides.

Marjoram, Ifle of. See Oil.

Marmalade, the lb.	-	-

—	Tdl, Skin». '

Maftich, viz.

-------—Red, imported dire&ly from the

Place of its Growth, the lb. -

-	* - not imported direCtly from

the Place of its Growth, the lb.

—-— of any other Sort, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

-	* not imported direflly from

the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Mails, See Wood.

Matts, viz.

—	of Ruflia, imported in a Britilh-built

Ship, the Hundred, containing Five Score	-	-

• - not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Hundred, containing Five Score

—- not otherwife enumerated or de* fcribed, for every 1001. of the Value

Matting, viz.

—	of Barbary or Portugal, the Yard

49 Geo. III.	U

C.98.	289

Permanent.		Temporary
Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
£ x. d.	£ u d.	£ t. £  m
009	0 e 6	® O 3
009	-	0 0 3
• 09	—	003
0 o ‘6	004	0 0 a
010	008	004
009	0 -o 6	003
oz'6	010	0 06
0 15 0	0 10 0	050
0 15 9	0 10 0	® 5 3
37 10 0	25 0 0	12 to 0
009	006	00 %



C.9&	49°	GEO.	HI.	A.D.	18op.

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Permanent.		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
flatting, continued.	£ s. d	a£ s. d.	£• j. d.
	of Holland, the Yard  ■ ■■ ■ not othenvife enumerated or de-fcribed, for every 100I. of the	006	004	002
Value - - -	37 10 0	0  0  <s	12 10 0
Mattreffes, for every iool. of the Value -Maw Seed, See Seed.	37 10 0	—	12 10 0
Mead, the Gallon -'Sub'jeft alfo to a Duty of Excife. Meal, See Corn.	003		001
Medals, for every iool. of the Value	37 10 0	—	12 to 0
Medlars, the Bufhel - -	030	—	010
Melafles, the cwt. -  the Britifh Plantations in Ame-	0 15 0	0 10 0	050
rica, the cwt.  For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which Melafles imported from the Weft Indies may be f^cured in Warehoufes without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.  Melting Poti for Goldfmiths, See Pots.  Mercury, vit.	049  1	032	0 17
		■ ■ Precipitate, the lb.  —	Sublimate, the lb.  Metals, vivt.  * ■ Bell Metal, the cwt.  —-—~ Leaf Metal (except of Leaf Gold)	1 0 1 3 j 0 i 3  f 0 12 6	0010 0 0 10  084	O O £  005  O42
the Packet containing 230 Leaves 		 prepared for Battery, the cwt.	■ 0 0 4i 220	003  180	O O 1^  O 14 O
Metheglin, the Gallon -  Subjeft alfo to a Duty of Excife.	! 0 03  i	——	0 0 2
Mill boards, the cwt. - -Millet Seed, Sec Seed.  See alfo the Note under the Head of Provifions.	3. 3 0		O 14 4
Millium Solis, the lb. -Mill Stones, See Stones.  Mineral Water, See Water.  Minerals, not otherwise enumerated or de-feribed, for every iool. of the	-t-  O  O	003	**  O  O
Value -Mink Skins, See Skins.  Mohair Yarn, Sec Camel Yarn in Yarn. A!ole Skins, See Skins. ^	20 0 0	13 6 8	6 13 4
Morels, the lb. - /, Morocco, See Gibraltar,!	0 I p	012	007



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Permanent.		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Mofs, vfa5.  		Rock for Dyers ufe, the Ton containing 20 cwt.  — » not otherwife enumerated or described,	£ x. d 1 2 0	£ x, d.	£ x. d. 0 7 4
for every 100I. of the Value	20 0 0	13 6 8	6 13 4
Mother of Pearl Shells, rough, the lb. Mules, each - -Mum, See Beer.  Muftcal Inflruments, for every 1001. of the Value - -	006  3 3 0  37 10 0	004  •mim	0 0 2 I I O  12 IO O
Mufk, the oz. -Mufqualh Skins, See Skins.  Mu Hard Seed, See Seed.  Mutton, whether falted or otherwife.  See the Note under the Head of Pro-vifions.  Myrobalanes, the cwt. ... Myrrh, imported dire&ly from the Place of	030  070	0 2 0	O I O 0 2 4
its Growth, the lb.  -— not imported dire&ly from the Place	0  0	00  O  O	O 0 ) +
of its Growth, the lb. Myrtle Berries, See Bernes.  	Wax, See Bay Wax in Wax.  N.  Napkining, See Linen.	020	0 1 4	0 0 9
Nardus Celtica, the cwt.	0 12 6	084	O42
Natron, for every 1001. of the Value  Necklaces of Glafs, See Bracelets.  Nell Boxes, See Boxes.  Nets, vix. Old Filhing Nets fit only for making Paper or Pafteboard, See Rags.  Nicaragua Wood, See Wood.  Nutmegs, viz*  	— the Produce of and imported from  any Britilh Colony or Plantation in America, the lb.	20 0 0 023	13 6 8	$ IS 4 009
" imported under Licence, the lb. -For the Conditions, Regulations, and Rellri&ions under which Nutmegs may be fo imported from any Place, See 3 & 4 Anne, cap. 4. 8 Anne, cap. 7. 6 Geo. 1. cap. 21. See alfo 8 Geo. 1. cap. 18. continued by feve-ral Statutes, and by 43 Geo. 3. cap. 29. further continued to the 29th September 1809, and from thence to the End of the then next Scflion df Parliament. *	036	o*4	* i »

* [Perpetual) fee Cinnamon."]

U 2



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Nutmegs, continued.

— candied, the lb.	•	-	*

-------Oil of. See Oil.

Nuts, viz.

—	Caftiew Nuts, for every tool, of the

Value	-

----Chefnuts, the Bufhel

—	 Piftachia Nuts imported direflly from

the Place of their Growth, the lb. -- - not imported dire&ly from the Place of their Growth, the lb. —— fmall Nuts, the Bufhel -----Walnuts, the Bufhel

—	not otherwife enumerated or defcribed,

for every iool. of the Value Nux Vomica, the lb.

O.

Oak Back, See Bark.

—	 Boards, See Boards.

----■ Knees, See Knees of Oak in Wood.

Oakum, the cwt.	-

Oars, See Wood.

Oatmeal, \	~

Oats, } ** Corn*

Oculi Cancrorum, See Cancrorum Oculi. Oil, viz.

—	of Almonds, the lb.

—	of Amber, or Succinum, the lb.

—	of Annifeed, the lb.	-

—	of Bay, the cwt.

—	of Cajaputa, the oz.

— of Carraway, the lb.	-

—	of Cafia, the oz. -

—	of Caflor, the lb.

■*— Chemical Oil, not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, the lb.

—	of Cinnamon, the oz.

-— of Clove6, tfie oz.	-

—	Fifh Oil, See Train Oil in Oil.

~ of Hemp Seed, the tun, CQntaining 252 Gallons -	-

—	of JefTamine, the lb.

—	of Juniper, the lb.	-

—	of Lavender, the lb.

~ of Linfeed, the tun, containing 252 Gallons	•

—	of Mace, the oz. -	-

*	1

Permanent.		Temporary
Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
£ s. d.	£ s.	£ *. d.
050	<»3 4	0  H  cc
20 O O	13 6 8	6 13 4
0 2 6	018	O O IO
0 0 6	*  O  O	0 0 2
O 1 O	00  0  0	OO4
OI9	0 12	0 0 7
OI9	0 12	0 0 7
37 10 0	25 O O	12 IO O
009	0 0 6	0 0 3
0  *0  O	O  \  O	O X •
006	0 0 4	0 0 2
036	O24	0 2 2
026	Ol8	0 O IO
0160	0 10 8	0 5 4
016	010	OOO
016	010	0 0 6
0 i (\	0 10	0 0 6
009	00 6	0 0 3
023	016	0 0 9
030	02 0	OIO
0 1 0	0 0 8	0 0 4
2100  026	01 8	7 9 0 O O 20
009	006	0 0 3
023	016	OO9
21 O O			7 0 Q
OI3	0 0 10	0«5



Google

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Permanent.		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Oil, continued.	£ d.	£ s. d	£ S• dm
— of Marjoram, the lb.	010	012	007
— of Nutmegs, the oz.	01 3	0 0 10	Q © 5
ef Oranges, the lb.  — Ordinary Oil of Olives imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the tun, containing	023	016	© 0 9
252 Gallons -•. - not imported in a Britifh-built Ship,	9 *7 • 6	6 11 8	3 5 10
the tun, containing 252 Gallons ^	10 10 0	6 11 8	3 JO 0
—	of Palm, the cwt. - -  For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions. under which Oil of Olives or Palm Oil may be fecured in Waiehoufes without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap, 126.  —	perfumed Oil, not otherwife enumerated	040  /	028	014
or defcribed, the lb.	0 2 3	016	0 09
—	of Pine, for every 100I. of the Value -  —	of Rape Seed, the tun, containing 252	37 10 0	25 0 0	12 10 0
Gallons	21 00	_	7 0 0
Rock Oil, the lb. - -	006	604	0 a 2
— of Rofemary, the lb.  «— of Rofes, See Otto of Rofes	0 J 3	0 0 10	0 9 5
— of Rofe Wood, the lb.  Salad Oil, imported in a Britifh-built	0 15 0	0 10 0'	050
Ship, the Gallon -- • not imported in a Britifh-built Ship,	0  0	0 2 0	010
the Gallon -For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which Salad Oil may be fecured in Warehoufes, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132, 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3.cap. 137. and48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.	0  09  Os	020	012  ■>
—	of Safiafras, the lb. - -  —	Seal Oil, See Train Oil, in Oil.  —- Seed Oil, not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, the tun, containing 252	0 i 6	0 i 0	006
Gallons -	21 00	—	700
of Spike, the lb.  — of Succinum, See Oil of Amber.	009	006	003
—	of Thyme, the lb. - -  —	Train Oil and Blubber, viz.  - - Blubber, the Produce of Fifh or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught by the Grew of a Brjtifh Ship or Vefiel, wholly	0 19	012	O  0

 LjOOQ Le

A«13t 1809.

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Permanent.		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Oil,—Train Oil and Blubber, continued.  owned by His Majefty’s Subjeds ufually refiding in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Iflands of Guern-fey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, regiftered and navigated according to Law, and imported in any luch Shipping, the Tun	t£ s. d.	£ s. i.	£
containing 252 Gallons * • Blubber, the Produce of Fifh or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of the Ifland of Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Maiefty’s Subjeds carrying on fuch Fifhery from that Ifland and refiding therein, and imported diredly from thence in a Britifh-built Ship or Veflel, regiftered and navigated according to Law, the Tun containing 252	036		0 1 a
Gallons ...  * ♦ Blubber, the Produce of Fifh or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught wholly by His Majefty’s Subjeds ufually refiding in any of the Bahama or Bermudas Iflands, or in any Britifh Colony or Plantation in North America, find imported in a Britifh-built Ship or Veflel, regiftered and navigated according to Law, the	0 10 6		036
Tun, containing 252 Gallons » • Blubber, the Produce of Fifh or	180	—	094
Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught wholly by His Majefty’s Subjeds ufually refiding in any other Britifh Colony, Plantation, Territory, or Settlement, and imported in a Britifh-built Ship or Veflel, regiftered and navigated according to Law, the			
Tun containing 252 Gallons - • Blubber, the Produce of Fifh or Creatures living in the Sea, of Foreign Fifhjng, the Tun pon-	0  0  M		1 3 4
taining252 Gallons - -- Train Oil, the Produce of Fifh or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught by the Crew of a	14 0 0		4 13 4



Google

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Oil,—Train Oil, continued.

Britifti-built Ship or Vefiel wholly owned by His Majefty's Snbje&s ufually refiding in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Iflands of Guem-fey, Jerfev, Alderney, Sari* or Man, regiltcred and navigated ac* cording to Law and imported in any fuch Shipping, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

-	- Train Oil, the Produce of Fifh or

Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of the Ifla'nd of Newfound-land and Parts adjacent, who ly by His Majefty’s Subjects carrying orf fuch Fifhery from that Ifland and refitting therein, and imported dire&lv from thence in a Brkifti-built Ship or Vcffel, re-giftered and navigated according ^ to Law^the Tup,4 containing .252 Gallons -	-

-	- Train Oil, the Produce of Fifh or

Creatures living in the Sea, taken ant} caught wholly by Hts Ma-jefly’s Subje£fo ufually refiding in anjj of the Bahama or Bermudas lfl^nds, or in any Britilh Colony, or Plantation in North America, and imported in a Britifh-built Ship or Veffcl regillered and navigated according to Law, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -	-

•	- Traip Oil, the Produce of Fifb or

Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught whplly by His Ma-jefliy’s Subje£t9 ufually refiding in any other Britiffe Colony, Plantation, Territory or Settlement, and imported in a British-built §hip or Vefiel regiftered and navigate^ Recording to La\y, the Tun, containing 254? Gallons ;	-	*	-

-	• Train Oil, the Produce of Fifli or.

Creatures living in the Sea ojf foreign Filhing, *he Tun, containing 252 Gallon* •- i

•	• Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter,

ta)ten and caught by the Crf w of

U4

Permanent.		Temporary  or  War Duty.
Duty.	Drawback.	
£ *. d.	£ s. J.	~~£~ 7~~j:
0 S3	•	0 i 9  ; 7
* ‘ - < ’ , V		:-r  ’ ■ K  ,• 0,; $ 3 ?
2 2 0	—	0 14 0
5 5 0	— .	I 15 0
21 0 0	—	; © •
A , ]		

 v^ooQle

		""T		  SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Permanent.		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Oil,—Spermaceti Oil, tee. continued.  a Britifh-built Ship or Veffel, wholly owned by His Majefty’s Subje&s ufually redding iu Great Britain, Ireland, or the Iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark or Man,* rcgiflercd and navigated according to Law, and imported in any luch Shipping, the Ton	£ d.	sS St d.	£ t, <k
Containing 252 Gallons £ - Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter, taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of the Ifland of Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majefty’s Subje&s carrying on fuch Fifhery from that Ifland, and redding therein, and imported dire&ly from thence in a jBritifh-built Ship or Veffel, i*e-gitiered and navigated according to Law, the Tun, containing 252	053		0 i 9
Gallons  ? - Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter, taken and caught wholly by His Majefty’s Subjects ufually redding in any of the Bahama or Bermudas Iflands, or in any Britifh Colony or Plantation in North America, and imported in a Britifh-built Ship or Veffel regiflercd and navigated according to Law, the Tub,	• >5 9		0 5 i
containing 252 Gallons - T. - Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter, taken and caught wholly by His Majefty’s Subje&s ufually redding in any other Britifli Colony, Plantation, Territory, or Settlement, and imported in a Britifh-built Ship or Veffel, regiflercd and navigated according to Law, the	330		1 1 0
Tun, containing 252 Gallons - • Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter, of Foreign Fifhing, the Tun, con-	15 15 0		5 5 ©
taining 232 Gallons - ‘ -For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftr:£tions under which Blubber, Tjrain Oil, Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter maybe admitted*to Entry as Brit fh taken and' caught, on Payment of the abotc Duty, (af the	22 I O		770



SCHEDULE (A.)—tINWAEDS.	Permanent.		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty,
Oil,-r—Spermaceti Oil, &C. continued,.  Cafe may be), .See the Ad to which this Schedule is annexed. *  Jor the Conditions, Regulations and Reftridions under which Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter, Train Oil and all other Fifti Oil and Blubber of Britifli Fifhing may be fecured in approved Places, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132, 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. — of Turpentine, the lb.  For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftridions under which Oil of Turpentine may be fecured in Ware-houfes, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap*87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.	£  * O 4a	£ d.	£ .. 4.  0 0 i|
of Vitriol, the lb. - -	003	—	0 0 a
-r Walnut Oil, the Gallon — Whale Oil, See Train Oil. rr not particularly enumerated or deferibed or otherwife charged with Duty, for	0 2 6	018	° 0 ip
every iool. of the Value	37 10 0	25 0 0	12 16 w
Pker, the cwt. - -piibanum, imported diredly from the Place	0 4 3	0 2 10	0 1 S
of its Growth, the cwt.	1 10 0	190	0 10 #
Place of its Growth,.the cwt. -Olive Oil, See ordinary Oil of Olives in Oil.  	Woed, See Wood.  Olives, the Gallon ... Onion Seed, See Seed.  Onions, the Buihel -Open Tapes, See Tapes.  Opium imported diredly from the Place of	3 O Q  0 i 6  009	a 0 0  L	CO M  00 0 Oy 0
its Growth, the lb.  —— not imported diredly from the Place	056	038	0 1 10
of its Growth, the lb.  For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftridions under which Opium may be fecured in Warehoufes, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.  Opoponax Gum, See Gum.	0 11 0	074	038
Orange Flower Ointment, the lb. -  ♦[§ 37, 38.]	009	v®  0  0	003

 LjOOQle

29®	C-9?.	499	GEO.	III.	A.D.1809.

	Permanent;		Temporary
dLiihDULL (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
	£ *. d	£ s. d.	je s. J.
Orange Water, the Gallo#  Oranges imported in a Britifli-built Ship,	020	0 1 4	008
the 1000 ... 		not imported in a Britifh-built Ship,	0123	082	041
the 1000 -— ■■ Oil of, See Oil.	0 13 0 .	082	044
Orchal, the cwt. -	056	_	0 1 10
Orchelia or Archelia, the cwt.  Ordinary Oil of Olives, See Oil.  Ore, viz.  -	— Copper, See Copper.  ——Gold, See Bull:on.  ■	Iron, See Iron.  —— Lead, See Lead.  —— Silver, See Bullion.  —	not otherwife enumerated or deferibed,	0 10 6		036
for every iool. of the Value	1 20 0 0	13 6 S	613 4
Origanum, the lb. -	019	0 12	007
Orpiment or Auripigmentrum, the cwt.	0 18 0	O 13 O	060
Grric* or Iris Root, the cwt.	0180	0 12 0	0 6 0
Orfedew, the lb. . -Oftrich Feathers, See Feathers. Otter Skins, See Skins.	009	00 6	003
Otto of Rofes or Oil of Rofes, the oz. Ounce Skins, See Skins.  Outnal Thread, See Thread.  Ox Hair, See Brill, Cow, or Ox Hair in ; Hair.  —	Hides, See Bull, Cow, or Ox Hides in  Hides.  —	Horns, See Horn*.  —	Tails, See Tails.  Oxen, See Cattle.  See alfo the Note under the Head of ProYifions.	7 6	050	0 26
Oyfters, the Bufhel -P.  Pack Luck, Fee Drillings in Linen. Packing Canvafs, See Canvafs in Linen. Pack Thread, See Thread.	009		0  0
Pails or Kits of Wood, the Dozen Painted Paper, See Paper.  Painter’s Colours nototherwife enumerated	02 6	‘	0 0 10
, or deferibed, the lb.  Paintings on Glafs, for ever}- iool. of the	006	004	002
Value -Subje& alfo to a Duty of Excife. Pailing Boards, See Boards in Wood.	37 10 0		12 10 0



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Permanent.

Duty.

Drawback.

Temporary or

War Duty.

Palm Oil, See Oil.

Panthers Skins, See Skins.

Pantiles, See Tiles.

Paper, viz.

—	Brown Paper made of old Rope

or Cordage only, without feparat-ing or extra&ing the Pitch or Tar therefrom, and without any Mixture of other Materials therewith, the lb.

—	...printed, painted, or ftained Paper or

Paper Hangings, the Yard Square —— Wafte Paper or Paper of any other Sort not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or otherwise charged with Duty, the lb.

Parchment, the Dozen Sheets Pafteboards, the cwt*	-	■

Paving Stonds, See Stones.

-------Tiles, See Tiles.

Pearl Allies, See Allies.

Pearl Barley, the cwt.	-

Pearls, for every iool. of the Value *

Pearl Sheila, See Mother of Pearl Shells. Pears, the Bofhel -

----- dried, the Bufhel	-

Peafe, See Corn.

Pebble Stones, See Stones.

Pellitory, the lb. -Pelts, See Skins.

Pencil, for every iool. of the Value Pens, for every iool. of the Value Pepper, viz.

-------Cayenne Pepper, the lb.

---------Guinea	Pepper, the lb.

—	- —- Long Pepper, the lb.

Perfumed Duft, See Hair Powder. ----------Oil,	See Oil.

Perry, the Tun, containing 251 Gallons -Subje& alfo to a Duty of Excife. Peruvian us Cortex, See Cortex.

Pewter, old, the cwt.	-

Pickles of all Sorts, not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, the Gallon Pi&ure Frames, See Frames.

Pi&ures, viz.

—	-----under Two Feet Square,	the Pic-

ture	-	-

r——- — .of Two Feet Square, and under Four Feet Square, the Pi&ure -* [-See 43 G* 3. e. 68. §3.]

£ s. d

£ /. d.

£

0	0	6		—		0	0	2
0	0	9		—		0	0	3
0	1	0	-			0	0	4
0	6	3				0	2	1
2	3	0	-			9	H	4
0	11	0	0	7	4	0	3	8
10	0	0		—		3	6	8
O	3	0		_		0	1	0
O	4	0		MM		0	1	4
O	0	3	0	9	2	0	0	1
37	10	0		O	0	12	10	0
37	10	0	25	O	0	12	10	•©
0	3	0	0	2	0	0	1	0
0	1	0	0	O	8	0	0	4
0	0	6	0	O	4	0	0	2
10	15	3	7	3	6	3	11	9
0	18	0	0	12	0	0	6	0
0	3	0		—		0	1	0
2	3	0				0	r4	' 4
4	6	0		—		1	8	8



SCHEDULE 'A.)—INWARDS.

Pictures, Jt;.' 'nui\i

r------of Four Feet Square, or upwards,

the i&ure	-

Pig Iron, ee Iron.

----Lead, See Lead.

pill Boxes, See Boxes.

Pimento, viq

-------of the Britifh Plantations, the lb.

.......- not of the Britifh Plantations,

the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftriftions under which Pimento, I imported from the Weft Indies, may be fecured in Warehoufes without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and48 Gep. 3. cap. 126.

Pine Oil, Sea Oil.

Pink Root, the lb.	-	-

Piony or i’eoni Seed, Set Seed.

Pipe Boards, See Boards in Wood.

Rftachia Nuts, See Nuts.

Pitch, viz.

—— ■«! imported in a BritHh-built Ship, the Laft containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31^ Gallons

—......not imported in a Britifh-built Ship,

the Laft containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31^ Gallons	-	-

—— ■■ the Produce of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of Great Britain, the Laft containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31 \ Gallons .

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftriftions under which Pitch piay be fecured in approved Places without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

1—— ■ Burgundy Pitch, the cwt.

Plaifter of Paris, the cwt.

Plate, viz.

-------battered, fit only to be re-manufactured, See Bullion.

■■ of Gold, the oz. Troy — of Silver Gilt, the oz. Troy

Permanent.		Temporary
Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
£ *. d.	£ s. d.	£. e. d.
690	—	2 3 •
006	004	00a
O Q 9  P	006	003
© 0 6	004	0 © a
0 18 0	—	06®
0 19 0	—	0 6 4
0 16 0	—	054
090	060	0 3 •
016	0 1 0	0 06
286		0 16 %
040	—	014



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Plate, continued.

—- of Silver, Part Gilt, the oz. Troy -—— - - - - ungilt, the oz. Troy Plate Glafs, See Glafs.

Platters of Wood, the Dozen Platting, or other Manufactures, viz.

-------- of Baft, Chip, Cane, or Horfe

Hair, to be ufed in, or proper for making Hats or Bonnets, the lb.

-------- of Straw, to be ufed in, or proper

for making Hats or Bonnets, the lb.

Plume Alum, See Alum.

Plumbs, dried, the lb.	-

Policing Rufhes, for every iool. of the Value	-	-

-------- Stones, See Stones.

Polypodhim, the lb. -	-

Pomatum, for every iool. of the Value Pomegranates, the 1000

--------------Peels of, the cwt.

Pomice*Stones, See S'tones.

Porcelane, See China Ware.

Pork, whether falted or otherwife.

See the Note under the Head of Pro-viiions.

Portugal, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of the Territories or Poflelfions of the Crown of Portugal, in South America, See Brazil.

Pot A flies, See Allies.

Potatoes, the cwt.	-

See the Note under the Head of Provisions.

Pots, viz.

-----Melting Pots for Goldfmiths, the

Hundred, containing Five Score ——•of Stone, for every iool. of the Value Poultry, See the Note under the Head of Provifions.

Powder, viz,

------- of Brafs for japanning, the lb.

...— of Bronze, for every iool. of the

Value -	-

1— Gun Powder, See in G.

------- Hair Powder, See in H.

—■ ■■■■ Sago Powder, See in S.

7

Permanent.

Duty. Drawback.

4 « d 0 3 9 029

039

o 10 9

009

20 9 o

003 37 10 o 0186 096

013

o 2 0 37 10 o

036

37 10 ©

13 6 8

002 25 o o

014

25 o o

024

23 o o

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ /. d.

o 1 $

O Oil

OOf

* 3

o 3

o o

6 13

o o 12 10 o 6 o 3

7

$

4

1 o

2

z

005

008

12 IO 9

0 2 2 12 10	9

 L,ooQle

SCHEDULE (A.) —INWARDS.

Precious Stones, See Emeralds. Prints, m.

Duty.

£ s. d.

Drawback.

£	/.	d.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ x. d.

— ■ ■ ■ ■ Paper Prints, plain, the Piece

- - - coloured, for every iool. of the Value Printers* Ink, See Ink for Printers.

Prize Goods, See Table C.

- Provifions.

Note^-His Majefty is authorized to permit, for a limited Time, by Order m Council, the Importation into Great Britain, from any Port or Place whatever, in any Britifti Ship or Veffel, or in any other Ship or Veflel belonging to Perfons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majefty, and navigated in any Manner whatever, of any Beans called Kidney or French Beans, Tares, Lentiles, Callivances and all other Sorts of Pulfe; and alfo Bulls, Cows, Oxen, Calves, Sheep, Lambs and Swine, Beef, Pork, Mutton, Veal and Lamb, whether falted or otherwife, Bacon, Hams, Tongues, Butter, Cheefe, Potatoes, Rice, Sago, Sago Powder, Tapioca, Vermicelli, Millet Seed, Poultry, Fowls, Eggs, Game and Sour Crout, Duty free, provided due Entry be made. His Majefty is likewife authorized in like Manner to recall fuch Per-mifiion either in part or in the whole, if Circumftances (hall feem fo to require, See 39 Geo. 3. cap. 87. continued by fubl'equent A£ts and by 49 Geo. 3. cap. 23. revived and further continued until the 25th March 1S10.

Prunella Sal, See Sal.

Prunelloes, the lb.	-

Prunes, imported in a Britifti-built Ship, the cwt.	-

—■1	not imported in a Britifti-built

Ship, the cwt.

For the. Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which Prunes may be fecured in Warehoufes, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3.

o 1

37 10

o o o 17 o 18

o

o

9

3

o

004

12 IO Q

o 11 6 o xi 6

003

•59

069



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Permanent.

Duty.

Drawback.

Prunes, continued.

cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Pfyllium, the lb.

Puddings, See Saufages.

Pulfe, See the Note under the Head of Pro-vifions. v

Pyrmont Water, See Mineral Water in Water.

/. d.

003

£ /. d.

002

Q-

Quaflia Wood, See Lignum Quaflia.

Quebec.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which Goods and Commodities of the Growth or Produ&ion of any of the Countries bordering upon the Province of Quebec and legally brought by Land or Inland Navigation into that Province, may be imported from thence into Great Britain and charged "with Duty, or be exempt therofiom in like Manner as if fuch Goods and Commodities were of the Growth or ProduAion of Quebec, and imported xlire&ly from thence. See 30 Geo. 3. cap. 29.

Quercitron, or Black Oak Bark, See Bark.

Quern Stones, See Stones.

Quicfcfilver, thefb.	-

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which Quickfilver may be fecured in Warehoufes without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132.	4£	Geo. 3. cap. 87.

46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Quills, viz.

• ■ ■■■" Goofe Quills, the 1000

■ - ■ ■ - Swan Quills, the 1000

Quinces, the Hundred, containing 5 Score

Q I ©

Ol6 07 6 026

008

010

050

R.

Raccoon Skins, See Skins.

Radix, viz.

—------Contrayervae, the	lb.

-------Enuhe Campanae,	the	cwt.

*■;	Eringii, the lb.

o 1 o 086 003

008

058

002

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ V. i

o o x

004

o o 4

026 o o 10

004 O 2 10 O O X

 v^ooQie

3°4

49* GEO; nr.

C.98.

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Radix, continued.

—	------Ipecacoanhae, the lb.	•

—	•	■ ■ Senekae, the lb.	-	-

—■	Serpentariae or Shake Ro6t, the lb,

for the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftriftiona under which Radix Ser-pentariae or Snake Root may be iecured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 13a. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Gee.3. cap. 137, and 48Geo. 3. cap. ix6.

Rag Stones, See Stones.

Rags, old, old Ropes or Junk or old Fifhing Nets, fit only for making Paper or Pafteboard, or for the Purpofe of Manure, the Ton containing ao cwt.

------imported in a Britifh-built Ship

------not imported in a Britifh-built Ship -

Raifins, •viz.

—	■■ Belvedere Raifins, imported in a

Britiili-built Ship, the cwt.

-	- not imported in a Britifh-built

Ship, the cwt.

■ ■■ Denia Raifins, imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the cwt.

-	- not imported in a Britifh-built

Ship, the cwt.

■ Faro Raifins, imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the cwt.

-	- not imported in a Britifh-built

Ship, the cwt.

—- ■■■ - Lexia Raifins, imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the cwt.

-	not imported in a Britifh-built

Ship, the cwt.

------— Lipari Raifins, imported in a Britifh-

built Ship, the cwt.

-	- not imported in a Britifh-built

Ship, the cwt.

—	-----Smyrna Raifins, imported in a Bri-

tifh-built Ship, the cwt.

-	not imported in a Britifh-built

Ship, the cwt.

—- ■ of the Sun, imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the cwt.

• - not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the cwt.

Permanent.

Duty. Drawback.

£

o

J. d.

a 3 o o 4|

o 16 3 o 17	3

O 13	6

o 14 3 o 12 3 o 13 o

013	6 o H 3 o 14 o

014	9 o 13 6 o 14 3

015	9

0	16 6 169

1	7. 6

£	/.	d.

016

003

009

090 090 082 082 090 090 094 094 09 o o 9 ° o 10 6 o 10	6

o 17 10 o 17 10

AjD.i&op.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£	/.	di

009 o o if o o 4I

° 5 3

°59

O46 0 4 9 0 4 1 O44 O46

p 4 9

048

O 4 XX 046

049

053

056 o 8 11 092



A.D. 1869. 490 GfiO. III.		c.98.	3°5
SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Permanent.		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Raifins, ^continued.  —*	not otherwife enumerated or de-  fcribed,  — imported in a Britifh-built Ship,	dZ s. d.	jg d.	dZ 4. d.
the cwt. -- - not imported in a Britifh-built	0123	082	041
Ship, the cwt.  For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftrittions under which Raifins of all Sorts may be fecured in Ware-houfes without Payment of Duty, See43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.	0 13 0	082	044
Rape Cakes, the cwt. ‘  	Seed, See Seed.  	Seed Oil, See Oil.  Rape of Grapes, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -Ratafia, See Cordial Water in Spirits. Rattans, SeeCanes.  Raw Linen Yarn, &vYarn.  	Silk, See Silk.  RedWood, See Wood.  		Wool, See Wool.  Reed Canes, See Canes.	010		0  0
	0  0  t".	4 *3 4	2 6 8  *
Ren nett, the Gallon	0 0 3	002	0 0 1
Refina Jalappae, the lb.	0 4 3	0210	0 1 5
Rhinehurft, the cwt. -  Rhodium Lignum, See Rofe Wood in Wood.	090	060	030
Rhubarb, the lb. ...  For the, Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which Rhubarb may be fecimd in Warehouses without Payment of- Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.	026	0  00	0 0 10
Rice, the cwt. -  For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which Rice may be fecured in Warthoufea without Payment of Duty, Su 43 Geo 3. cap. r32. 45 Geo. 3. rap. S7. 46 Gc«. 3. cap. 137. and 4^ Geo. 3, cap. 126 See aiio the Note under the Head of Pi ovifions.  Roch Alum, See Alum.  Rock Mofs, See Mofs.  —Oil, See Oil.	049	0 3 2	o x 7

49 Geo. III.	X

 v^ooQle

306 0.9ft. . 49	0 GEO. Ill	*	A.D.iSop.
SCHEDULE (A).—INWARDS.	Pern-	»anent.	Temporary  or
	Duty.	Drawback.	War Duty.
Roraanum Vitriolum, See Vitnolum Ko-manum.  Ropes of Baft, See Baft Ropes.  — new, See Cordage.  		 old, See Ra^s.  Rofe Copper, See Copper.  Rofe Leaves, See Leaves.  Rofemary, Oil of, J oi]  Role-wood, Uil ot, J  Rofes, Oil of, See Otto of Rofes.  Rofin or Colophonia, viz.  		— imported in a Britifh-built Ship,	£ /. A.	£ /• d	£ ' /. V.
the cwt. •>	0  CO  0		010
the cwt. -  nions or Plantations belonging to	036		0 1 2
the Crown of Great Britai n ,t he cwt.  For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reflations under which Rolin may be fecured in, approved Place?, . without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.  Round Wood, See Wood.  Rubies, See Emeralds.  Rum, See Spirits,  Rye, See Corn.  S.  Sable Skins, See Skins.	0 2 0	1	0 0 #  i  1  i  1
Sacchatum Saturni, the lb.	0 0 6	• O 4	002
Safflower, the fcwt. -	O56	—	O I 10
Saffron, the lb.  For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftridion8 under which Saffron may be fecured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.  Sagapenum Gum, See Gum.	046	030	0 1 6  I  0 0  A 1
Sago, the lb. -  Set the Note under the Head of Pro-vifions.	O  0	003	
	Powder, for every iool. of the Value  See the Note under the Head of Pro-vifions.  Sail Cloth or Sail Duck, See Sail Cloth in Linen.	-vi  M  O ’ O	O O	12 10 O  1



 (^.ooQle

A>.1). i Sep

49° GEO. IIL

3P7

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Sails, Sa? Linen.

Sal,

—	Ammoniacus, the lb.

----Gem, the cwt. . -	-

----Limonum or Acetofella, the lb*

—	Prunelle, the lb.

---- Succini, the lb.	*•

Salep or Salop imported ditedUyfrom the Place of its Growth, the lb.

1	------ not imported diredUy from

the Place of iis Growth, the lb.	-

Selad Oil, See Oil.

Salt imported in a FritifVbuilt Ship, the Wey containing 40 Bufhcls, each Bufhel containing 56 lbs.

----not imported in a Briliih-huilt Ship,

the Wey containing 40 Bufhels, each Bufhel containing 56 lbs.

Far the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftridtions under which the Importer or Proprietor of any foreign Salt may give Bond for the Payment of the Duties of Cuftoms within Twelve Calendar Months, and which Bond may be cancelled on the Exportation of fuch Salt within that Period, See 26 Geo. 3. cap. 26. in cafe the full Duties of Cuftoms on fuch Salt lhall have been paid at or before the Expiration of the faid Twelve Calendar Months, and fuch Salt (hall be afterwards exported, the whole of the faid Duties (hall be drawn back, See 26 Geo. 3. cap. 26.

Salt is alfo fubjedfc to a Duty of Excife, Salt Petre, the cwt.	-	-

Sand Boxes, See Boxes. ,

Sandrake Gum, See Gum.

Sanguis Draconis, imported dire&ly from the •	Place of its Growth,

the lb

-M- ——	■	-	-	not imported diredlly from

the Place of its Grpwth, the lb.	-

Saphora, for every 100I. o^the Value Sarcocolla Gum, See Gum.

Sark, Ifland of. See Guemfey.

Sarfaparilla, the lb.	-	'

X2

C .98#

Permanent.		Temporary  or  War Duty.
Duty.	Drawback.	
£ s. d.	& s. d	4 4.
003			0 © 1
050	—	018
030	020	010
003	002	001
0 20.	0 1 4	008
0  0  VO	,006	003
0x6	010	Q 0 6
PS 3	036	0 1 9
060	P 3 6	02^
«o  0  • O		9 O K
P I O	p 0 8	9 6 4
Q 2 C		90 8
29 O 9	*3 0 8	6 13 4
O 9 9 \	906	? ® 3

 v^oogle

SCHEDULE (A.) -INWARDS.	Permanent.		T emporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Sarfaparilla, continued.  For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which Sarfaparilla may be fecured in Warehoufes without Payment of Duty* See 4.3 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.	£ /. d	£ j. d.	£ *. 1
Saffafras, the cwt. -  	Oil of, See OIL  Saunders, viz.  - - - Red, the cwt. -  	White or Yellow, the lb.  Saufages or Puddings, the lb.  Scaleboards, the cwt. -Scammony, imported direftly from the Place	040  026 006 0 0 '9 230	0 0  1 10 1  GO	014  0 0 10 00s 003 0 14 4
of its Growth, the lb — — not imported dirc&ly from the	0 4 0	0 2 8  I	0 1 4
Piece of its Growth, the lb. Scoops of Wood, the Dozen Scratch Bruihes, for every iool. of the	080 c 1 6	O54  I	0 2 8 006
Value  Sculptured Marble, See Stones.  Sea Cow, Sea Horfe, or Sea Morfe Teeth,	37 lo 0	O  O	12 10 o'
the lb.  Sealing Wax, See Wax.  Seal Oil, See Train Oil in Oil.  	Skins, See Skins.  Seed, viz	p 1 0  1  *	O08  [  1	004
- Ammi Seed, the lb. -	003	0 0 2	0 0 *
		Annifeed, the cwt.  For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which Annifeed may be fecured in Warehoufes without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo 3. cap 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.	1 8 6	O 19 O  i	096
— Canary Seed, the cwt.	1 1 6	O 14 2	072
—■ Carraway Seed, the cwt.	070	048	024
■■ — Carrot Seed, the lb.	0 0 4-: |	0 0 3	0 0 it
—— Carthamus Seed, the lb.	002	0 0 2	•0 0 1
»- ■ Clover Seed, the cwt.  For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which Clover Seed may be fecured in Warehoufes without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. j116. -	060  * ;  )  >	O4O	020

 L.ooQle

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Seed, continued.

----Cole Seed, the Quarter containing

Eight Bufhels	-

----Coriander Seed, the cwt.

----Cummin Seed, the cwt.

—— Fennel Seed, the lb.

----Fenugreek Seed, the cwt.

----Flax Seed, the Bufhel

----Foreft Seed, for every Tool, of the

Value	-

■---Furze Seed, the cwt.

—*— Garden Seed, not particulariy enumerated or deferibed, or otherwife charged with Duty, the lb.

—— Hemp Seed, the Quarter containing Eight Bufhels	-	-

-----the Produce of and imported

from the Britifh Colonies or Plantations m America, the Quarter containing Eight Bufhels

----Linfeed, the Bufhel

—- Lucerne Seed, the cwt.

----Maw Seed, the cwt.

—	■ Millet Seed, the cwt.

Set the Note under the Head of Pro-vifions.

----Muflard Seed, the cwt.

----Onion Seed, the cwt.

-	■ - Piony or Peohi Seed, the lb.

----Rape Seed, the Quarter containing

8 Bufhels	-

•---Rape Seed, Cole Seed, or Hemp

Seed, and all other Seeds not other-wife charged with Duty commonly made ufe of for the Purpofe of ex-. trailing ,Oil therefrom (whenever the Pi ice of middling Britifh Rape-Seed fhall be at or above 17I 1 os. per laft) fuch Seed being of the Growth of any of the Colonies, Plantations or Provinces belonging to His Majefty in North America, and imported from thence, the Laft containing 10 Quarters, each Quarter containing eight Bufhels For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which fuch Seed may be fo imported on Payment of the laft-mentioned Duty, Set

x3

Permanent.		1 Temporary or  j War Duty.
Duty.	Drawback.	
£ s.	& / d.	dd *• dm
0 17 3	0 11 6	0 5 9
060	040	0 2 0
O  O  0	068	° 3 4
003	002	00 1
049	03 2	01 7
003		001
20 O O	13 6 $	<5 13 4
O  O  4^		0 0 1*
O  O	003	0 0
Oil 0	—	038
0 0 6		0 02
0 0 3	—	001
063	042	021
£ O O	0 13 4	0 6,8
0 5 9	0 3 10	0 in
0 3 3	022	Oil
1 j 3	0176	089
003	0 0 2	001
0 16 6	-	0 5 6
0 26	—	0 0 10



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Permanent.

Dutv

Seed—Rape Sped, &c. continued.

15 Geo. 3. cap. 34. and 30 Geo. 3. cap. 41.

■ Rape Seed, Cole Seed or Hemp Seed, and all other Seed not ot.herwife charged with Duty, commonly made ufe of for the Purpofe of extra&ing the Oil therefrom (when ever the Price of middling Briiifh Rape Seed (hall be at or above 2 oh , per Laft) imported in a British Ship from any Country whatever, the Laft containing 10 Quarters, each . Quarter < ontaining eight Buftie s -Fpr the Conditions, Regulations and . Reftri&ions under which fnch Seed may be fo imported, on Payment ©f the laft-mentioned Duty, See 15 GeO. 3. cap. 34.	30	Geo.	3.

cap. 41. jSeralfo.35 Geo. 3. cap. 117. continued by feveral Statutes, by 44 Geo. 3. cap. 2$. further continued until 24th June i8cg» and by 49 Geo. 3. cap. 20. made per-* petual.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri<£tions under which Rape Seed -may be fecured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, See 30 Geo. 3. cap. 41. See alfo 35 Geo. 3. cap. 117. continued by v feveral Statutes, by 44 Geo. 3. cap. 3J>. further continued until the 24th June 1809, and by 49 Geo. 3. cap. 20. made perpetual.

—— Worm Seed, imported dire&ly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. >-- - not imported dite&ly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. * Seed, not particularly enumerated or de-fcribed, or otherwife charged witb Duty, for every 160I. of the Value Seed Lac, Set Lac in Gum.

Seed Oil, Sei Oil.

Sena, imported dire&ly from the Place of c, c it© Girowthj the lb. - ?•-	-

v not imported dire&ly from the Plade of it$ Growth, thp lb. -	*

For the Conditions, Regulations arid Reftriftions under which Sena rhay

£

Drawback.

Temporary or

War Duty.

£ 1. J,

o o 10

o o 9

37 TO 6

009 o i 6

23 o o

o o 6

12 IO ©

003

006



Google

A.D.1809.	49q	GEO.	III.	•	C.98.

SCHEDULE (A).—INWARDS.

Sena, continued,

be fecured in Warehopfes, without Payrtient of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132.	45 Geo. 3. cap. 87.

46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. J26.

Senega Gum See Gum.

Senekae Radix, 1 o o j-Serpentarias Radix, J ,C 3 1X#

Serpentine Powder, See Gunpowder,

Sharen Latten, See Lattcn.

Shaving for Hats, See Platting.

Slveep, See the Note under the Head of-Provifiont.

-----Skins, See Skins.

—	---  Wool,	See	Wool.

Shellac, See Lac in Gum.

Shells, Mother of Pearl, See in M.

Ships, with their Tackle, Apparel, and

Furniture, (except Sails) * for every iool. of the Value ------Prize, See Table (C.)

-	-Tonnage Duty thereon, See Table

(D.)

Shovels of Wood unihod, the Dozen Shruff or old Brafs, fit only tp be re-manu-fadtured, the cwt.

Shumach or Surpach, the cwt.

Silk, viz,

-----Knubs or Hulks of Silk, the lb.

-----Raw Silk, the lb.	-	•*

*----Thrown Silk, dyed, tl»e lb.	r

▼ - not dyed, the lb.

-----Waite Silk, npt otherwife enumerated

or deferibed, the lb.	-	‘	-

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Rellridtions under which Raw Silk, Thrown Silk, and Waite Silk may be fecured in Warehonfes without PayT ment of Duty, See 45 Geo. 3. cap. 132.	45	Geo.	3. cap. 87.

46 Geo. 3. cap, 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

—-— Wrought Silk, V'Z,

— Crapes or I iffanies of the Manufacture of Italy imported dnedtly from thence, the lb.	-

Silk-worm Gut, for every tool, of the Value	-

Silver Com, See Bullion.

X 4

Permanent,

Duty.	Drawback.
£ t	£ • </,
20 0 p	
Q 3 6	—
0 17 9	0 li 10
OIO	—
9 2 6	0 1 8
Q 4	029
189	0 19 *
© 9 3	0 6 z
026	0 ; 8
1 19 0	>
<37 if*9	. s 1; .

311

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ /. d.

6 13 4

012

o 5 11

004

o o 10 O I 4i 097

° 3 1 0 o jo

o 13 o U 10 jo



312 C.98. 49*	GEO. HI.		A.B. 1809,
SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Perma  Duty.	ment.  Drawback*	Temporary  or  War Duty.
Silver Plate, See Plate.	s€ s. d.	£ t. d.	£ s. i.
Simarouba Cortex, See Cortex.  Singing Birds, See Birds.  Sifters Thread, Thread.  Skates for sliding, for every iool. of the Value -	37 10 0		12 IQ O
Skeets for Whitfters, the Skeet	0 0 4^			O O If
Skins and Furs, *>/».  	Badger Skins, undrefled, the Skin -	0 0 io~	0 0 7	O 0 3 j
«—- ■■ Bear Skins, undrefled, the Skin	079	O ? £	O27
— imported from any Britifh Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America, the Skin	o53	j  0 5 3	OI9
— Beaver Skins, undrefled, the Skin	0 i 0		OO4
- - imported from any Britifh Colony, * Plantation, <?r Settlement in America, the Skin	003		0 0 t
— Buck or Deer Skins, See Deer bkins.  			 Calabar, See Squirrel bkins.  Calves Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, curried, or in any way dreffed, ,  - - imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Dozen Skins	0 1 3		00 5
» - not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Dozen Skins	34.6		Ol6
» - tanned and not otberwife dreffed, the lb.	006		0 0 2
Note.—His Majofty is authorized to permit by order in Council any Calve Skins or Pieces of Calve Skins, dreffed or undrefled, to be imported into Great Britain in any Foreign Ship or Veflel, on Payment of fuch Duties as are due and payable thereon when imported in a Britifh-built Ship, See 44 Geo. 3. cap. 29. revived and continued by 45 Geo. 3. cap. 80. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 29. and by 48 G. 3. cap. 24. t further continued until Three Months after the Ratification of a definitive Treaty of Peace.  »—— Cat Skins, undrefled, the Skin	006	004	0 0 2 .
- - imported from any Britifh Colony, Plantation, or Settlement in America, the Sfcin	0 0 6*	0 0 6	0 0 2
-— Coney Skins, undrefled, the Dozen Skins - -	006	0  0	O 0 2 . (
■ Deer Skins, undrefled, the Skin	-1**  0  0		0 0



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Skins,—Deer Skins, undreffed, continued.

-	imported from any Britifh Colony,

Plantation, or Settlement m . America, the Skin

-	- Indian, half drefied or fhaved, the

Skin -	-

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftridtions under which Indian Deer bkins half drafted or fhaved may be fecpred in approved Places without Payment ot Duty, Sec 43 Geo. 3. cap. 1^2. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

—— Dog Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way drafted,

•	- imported in a Britifh-built Ship,

the Dozen Skins

-	- not imported in a Britifh-built

Ship, the Dozen Skins * -

—	Dog Fifh Skins, undreffed, the Dozen

Skins	-

------Elk Skins in the Hair, not tanned,

tawed, curried, or in any way drefied,

-	- imported in a Britifh-built Ship,

the skin

-	- not imported in a Britifh-built

Ship, the Skin —'— Ermine Skins, undreffed, the Skin —■— Fifher Skins, undreffed, the Skin.

-	- imported from any Britifh Colony,

Plantation, or Settlement in America, the Skin —— Fitches Skins, undreffed, the Dozen Skins	-	-

—■— Eox 5 kins, undreffed, the Skin

-	imported from any Biitifh Colony,

Plantation, ot Settlement in. America, the Skin

-	- Tails, for every xool. of the Value

—	Goat Skins, •viz.

•	- raw or undreffed, imported in a

Britifh-built Ship, the Dozen Skins	-

- - not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Dozen Skins

-	- tanned, the Dozen Skins

Note.—His Majefly is authorized to permit by Order in Council any

Permanent.		Temporary  or  War Duty.
Duty.	Drawback.	
£ s. d.	£ 4. d.	£ 4. «/•,
0 0	—	0 0 oj
0 0 4-;	1	0 0 i£
006		002
036	—	O 12
0 3 3	022	O X I
O  0	—	O O 2j
013	—	0 0 y-
0 0 4!	003	0 0 i|
Ol6	010	006
O  O  VO	0 09	003
0 2 0	014	008
0 0 6	0 04	00 %'
0 0 6	006	002
37 JO 0	25 0 0	12 10 0
01 9	—	007
080	—	028
2 $ °		0 14 4



Google

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Permanent,		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty,
SkiaSf-^Goat Skins, continued.  Goat Skins, dreffed or undreffed, to be imported into Great Britain, in any foreign Ship orVeffel, on Payment of lucli Duties as are due and payable thereon when imported in a Britifh-built ohip, Sec 44 Geo. 3. cap. 29. revived and continued by 45 Geo. 3. cap. 80. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 29. and by 48 Geo. 3. <ap. 24. further continued untiTThree Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.	£ s. d.  \  i	£ s. d	£ s. d\
		Hair t kins undreffed, the 100 Skins -	0 3 6	024	0 i 2
	Huffe ' kins, undreffed, the Skin  	Kid Skins in the Hair, the ice Skins -	003  010	002	0 0 1 o o 4
- - dreffed, the 100 Skins —Lamb Skins undreffed, in the Wool*	1 11 9	I 1 2	0 10 7
the 100 Skins -- - dreffed in Alum, Salt, or Meal,	060	0  *•  0	O 2 Q
thei 00 Skins	0 19 9	0 13 2	067
* - drefTed in Oil. the io*> Skins - - Slink undreffed in the Wool, the	2123	I 14 19	0 *7 5
100 Skins -	020	a 1 4	008
	Leopard Skins, undreffed, the Skin -	060	040	Q 2 O
'	Lion Skins, undreffed, the Skin	0 3 9	026	0 13
——* Martin Skins, undreffed, the Skin  - - imported from any Britifh Colony, Plantation, or Settlement in	016	0 t 0	0 0 6
America, the Skin	009	009	0 0 3
- - Tails undreffed, the 100 Tails -	0 10 3	0 6 io	O 3 5
——r Mink Skins, undreffed, the Skin  - - imported from any Britifh Colony, plantation, or Settlement in	006	004	0 q 2 •
America, the Skin	006	006	0 0 3
* - dreffed, the Skin	0 1 3	0010	0 0 3
■ Mole Skins, undreffed, the Dozen Skins 	Mufquafh Skins, undreffed, the ico	003	0  0	O O I
Skins -	018 c	0120	0 6 0
-**— Otter Skins, undicffed. the Skin  • - imported from any Britifh Colony, Plantation, or Settlement in	020	0 1 4	0 0 8
America, the Skin	020	020	0 0 8
■	Ounce Skins, undreffed, the ckin	049	032	O 17
— Panther Skins, undreffed, the Skin -	Pfelts of Goats, undreffed, tke Dozen	060	040	0 2 0
' Pelts -	0 1 9	012	007
-	- dreffed, the Dozen Pelts  -	- of all other Sorts, undreffed, the	0 3 9	026	0 13
too Pelts - -	0 10 9	0 '7 2	037

 LjOOQle

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Skins, continued,

— Raccoon Skin*, undrefled, the 100 Skins	-	-

-	- imported from any Britifh Colony,

Plantation, or Settlement in America, the 100 Skins -----Sable Skins, undrefled, the Skin

-	-- Tails or Tips of Sable, undrefled,

the Piece	-

--— Seal Skins, in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in anyw y drefied,

-	imported in a Bhtifh-built Ship,

the Skin	-	-

not imported In a Britifh-built Ship, th^ Skin

-	- cuied with Foreign Salt, and im-

ported in a Biitifh-built ^hip, the Skin	-	-

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reitri&ions under which fuch Skius fliay be fo imported upon Payment of the faid Duty, See 31 Geo. 3. cap. 26. continued by fubfequent Ads, by 44 Geo. 3. cap. 35. further continued until 24th June 1809, and by 49 Geo. 3. cap. 20. made perpetual.

^— Sheep Skins, undrefled, in the Wool, the Dozen Skins

-	drefled in Oil, or otherwjfe, or

tanned or tawed, the Dozen Skins	-

1—— Squirrel or Calabar Skins, undrefled, the 10c Skins	-	-

-	- tawed, the 100 Skins -

-	- Tails, for every 100L of the

Value	-

----Swan Skins, undrefled, the Skin

—— Tyger Skins, undrefled, the Skin —r- Weafel Skins, undrefled, the 100 Skins	-	-

----Wolf Skins, undrefled, the Skin

-	- imported from any Britifh Colony

or Plantation or Settlement in • America, the Skin

-	- tawed, the Skin

—■ WolVeritigs, undrefled, the Skin

-	* imported ffOmany Britifh Colony,

Plantation, or Settlement in America, the Skin

Permanent.		Temporary
Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty*
£ s. d.	dS s. d.	{£ s. d.
» 5 5	0 17 0	0 8 6
090	090	030
0 5 3	036	019
009  0 0 i§ 009  0 0	006	0 0 3  0 0 o£ 003  0 0 o|
0 1 4i	0 Oil	**1H  0  0
0 5 9	0 3. 10	0 III
0 7 3	0 4 IO	025
Oil 0	O 7 4	038
<1  0  0	*5 00	12 IO O
0 1 44	0 0 11	0 0 5§
060	040	0 2 0
030	c 2 0	O . I O
0 7 9	052	0 2 7
026	026	0 0 10
0 11 0	074	038
O49	032	017
016	016	* 0 0 6



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Skins and Furs or Pieces of Skins and Furs, raw or undreffcd, not particularly enumerated or dcfcribed, or other-wife charged with Duty, for every iool. of the Value For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftridtions under which Skins and Furs not tanned, tawed, or in any Way dreffed, may be fecured in approved Places without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132.

45	Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Skins and Furs or Pieces of Skins and Furs tanned, tawed, curried, or in any Way dreffed, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwife charged with Duty, for every iool. of the Value	-	-

Slate, See Stones.

Slate Pencils, for every iool. of the Value -

-----Tables of

Slates in Frames

Slick Stones

Smalts, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reltri&ions under which Smalts may be fecured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132.	45 Geo. 3. cap. 87.

46	Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Smyrna Raifins, See llaifins.

Snake Root, See Radix Serpentariae.

Snuff, thelb. -	-

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftridrions under which Snuff may be fecured in Warekoufes without Payment of Duty,	until delivered

out of fuch Warehouse for Home Trade or Confumption in Great Britain, See 29 Geo. 3. cap. 68.

Snuff is alfo fwbjedt to a Duty of Excife.

Snuff Boxes, See Boxes.

Soap, yi*.

—*0- Afhes, S.e Allies.

----- Hard, the cwt.	-

----- Soft, the cwt.

Soaper’s Wafle, the Ton containing 20 cwt. Socotoruut Aloes, See Aloes.

Permanent.		Temporary  or  War Duty.
Dnty.	Drawback.	
£ /. d	di s. d.	£ s. d.
37 10 0	25 0 0	12 VO G
90 0 0		30 0 c
37 10 0	O  0  c*	12 IO 0
006	O  O	0 0 2
0 1 0	—	■4-  O  O
		it
2 12 6	—	0 17 6
2 5 °	—	q 15 0
020		0 0' 8

Stones.



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Soar Crout, See Crout.

Spa Ware, for every iool. of the Value

-----Water, See Mineral Water in Water.

Spanifh Wool, See Wool.

Speckled Wood, } See Wood'

Spelter, the cwt.	-

Spermaceti, vt%.

-------------Candles,	See	Candles.

--------— fine, the lb.

------------Oil, Train Oil, in Oil.

Spike, Oil of, See Oil.

Spikenard, the lb.

Spirits, viz.

-------- Arquebufade, the Gallon

—- Brandy, imported in a Britilh-built Ship, the Gallon

-	- not imported in a Britifh-built

Ship, the Gallon

—----— Citron Water, the Gallon

-------- Cordial Water, or Strong Water,

not otherwife enumerated or de-fcribed, the Gallon

-------- Geneva,%im ported in a Britifh-built

Ship, the Gallon

-	- not imported m a Britifii-built

Ship, the Gallon - ' -

-------- Hungary Water, the Gallon

-------- Lavender Water, the Gallon

■ ■ Rum, the Produce of any Britifh Colony or Plantation in America, the Gallon For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftridtions under which Rum imported from the Weft Indies may be fecured in Warehoufes, without* Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132.	45	Geo. 3. cap. 87.

46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

■	—	- - of any other Sort, the Gallon

--------- Ufquebaugh, the Gallon

■— -----the Produce of the Settlement of

the Cape of Good Hope, its Territories or Dependencies, the Gallon -Spirits not particularly enumerated or de-feribed or otherwife charged with Duty, the Gallon Spirit* are fubjedt aifo to a Duty of Excife.

Permanent.

Duty.	Drawback.
€ x. d.	£ x. d.
17 10 0	O  O
0180	0 12 0
0  0  0	—
c 1 9	0 12
036	O24
0 I	OO9
0 I 3	OO9
069	O46
0 3 6	O24
0 1 1 ^	OO9
0 1 3	O09
0 3 d	O24
036  1	O24  1  j
!  0 o 9  i	0 0 6  1
0 0 loi	OO 7
036	O24
0  0  vo	0 0 6
036	0 2 4

31*

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ x. d. 1210 o

060 0 0 ii

OO7 0 12

6 O 4I

o o 5 023

O 12

o o 4t

005 0-12 O I 2

0 0 3

O O 3i 0 12

O OL.-# 0 12

 C^ooQte

4pe G£(X Iir.

A.D.1809,

318	C.98.

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

' Spirits, continued.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which Brandy, Geneva, and other Spirits may be fecured in Warehoufes, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132.	45	Geo. 3. cap. 87.

46 Geo. 3. cap. j37. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Spokes for Wheels, See Wood.

Sponge, imported dire&ly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

— not imported diredly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. Spouts of Wood, for every 100I, of the Value Spruce Beer, See Beer.

------- EfTence	of,	See	EfTence.

•----— Canvas, See Canvas in Linen.

Squills, the cwt.	-

Squinanthum, imported dire&ly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

not imported dire&ly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Squirrel Skins, See Skins.

Stag Homs, See Horns.

Stained Paper, See Paper.

Starch, the cwt.	-	-

Statuary, See Sculptured Marble in Stones. Statues of Marble or Stone, fculptured, See Sculptured Marble in Stones,

■	—	of	any other Sort, for every 1091.

of the Value -	-

Stavefacre, the cwt.	-	-

Staves, See Wood.

Steel, not otherwife enumerated or de-feribed, for every iool of the Value	-	-

Stibium, See Antimonium preparatum.

Stick Lac, Se■* Lac in Gum

Sticks, ii%. Walking sticks, for every iool.

of the Value -Stock Fifh, the 120	-

dockings, viz.

S.-------of Cotton, for every iool. of the

Value

»■ ■ .. of Thread or Worfted, fpr every

iool. of the Value

Permanent.		Temporary’  or  War Duty.
Duty.	Drawback.	
s. d.	/. d.	je *. 2
0 1 3	O 0 JO	0 0 5
026	018	0010
37 10 0	—	12 10 0.
0 3 3	022	0 I I
006	004	002
0 10	0 0,8	004
600	—	200
37 10 0	25 0 0	12 10 0
0176	on 8	0 5 10
37 10 0	—	22 10 0
37 *0 0	_	12 IO 0
029		O O 11
- 54 0 0	—	l8 O O
37 «> 0	—	I* to •



K.l

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Permanent.

Duty.

Drawback.

£ s. d	£ s. d	£ /. d.
280	1 12 0	0 16 0
3 18 0	2120	l 6 Q
013	0 O iO	005
37 10 0  0 1 6	25 0 0	12 10 0 006
016	010	006
00 6	004	0 0 2
003 20 0 0	002	001  <5 13 4

Temporary

or

War Duty.

Stone, viz.

------Burrs for Mill Stones, the 100 containing j Score See the Note under the Head of Guemfey.

- —Dog Stone% not exceeding 4 Feet in Diameter, above 6 and under 12 Inches in Thicknefs, the Pair.	-

------Emery Stones, the cwt.

■----- Filtering Stones, for every 1001. of

the Value	-	-

------Flint Stones for Potters, the Ton

containing 20 cwt.

—— Grave Stones of garble, poliflied, the Foot fquare, fuperficial Meafure	-

-	- unpoliflied, the Foot fquare,

fuperficial Meafure

-	- not of Marble, poliflied or un-

poliflied, the Foot fquare, fuperficial Meafure

------Lime Stone, for every 1001. of the

Value

------Marble Bafons, Tables, Mortars, and

other polifhed Marble, (except Grave Stones and Paving Stones, poliflied) the Foot fquare, fuperficial Meafure	-

------Marble Blocks, the folid Foot

------Marble Bulls, See Sculptured Marble.

-	- Chimney Pieces, feulptured, See

Sculptured Marble.

-	- Statues, S*e Sculptured Marble. ------Marble Paving Stones, poliflied, the

Foot fquare, fuperficial Meafure -

-	- rough, the Foot fquare, fuper-

ficial Meafure.

------ Mill Stones above 4 Feet in Diameter,

or if 1 2 Inches in Thicknefs or upwards, the Pair ■ Paving Stones, not of Marble, the 100 Feet fquare, fuperficial Mca-fure	-

S:e the Note under the Head of Guernfey.

----Pebble Stoues, the Ton containing

20 cwt.	...

------Polilhing Stones, for every 1001. of

the Value -

3

020

040

006 003

7	4 o 07 6

086

2© O O

© I 4 0 2$

OO4 0 0 2

416 Q

0 5 0

o 5 8 1368

o o S 014

002,

001

% So'

026

O 2 I©

6 13 4



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Stone, continued.

— — Pomice Stones, the Ton containing 20 cwt.	-	-	-

-----Quern Stones under 3 Feet in Diameter and not exceeding 6 Inches in Thicknefs, the Pair

-	- Three Feet in Diameter and not

above 4 Feet in Diameter and not exceeding 6 Inches in Thicknefs, the Pair -—- Rag Stones, for every icol. of the Value	-	-	-

------ Sculptured Marble and Statuary, the

cwt.	-

Note.—By 41 Geo. 3. cap. 89. if any Statue, Group of Figures, or other Stone or Marble Ornament carved out of the fame Block fhall exceed One Ton Weight, the Duty to be charged thereon fhall be elfimated at the Rate payable for One Ton Weight, and no more.

-----Slate, the Produce of the Iflands of

Guernfey, Jerfey, Sark, Alderney, or Man, and imported from thole Iflands refpe&ively, for every 1001. of the Value

—	of any other Country, not other-

wife enumerated or deferibed, for every 100L of the Value -

-----Slates in Frames, the Dozen

—— Slick Stones, the 100.	-	-

—— Statuary, See Sculptured Marble.

*— ■ 7 Stone, the Produce of the Iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Sark, Alderney or Man, and imported from thole Iflands refpe&ively, for every iool. of the Value For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftriftions under which Burr Stones and Stones ufed for the Purpofe of paving or amending Roads, being the Produce of Guernfey, Jerfey, Sark, Alderney or Man may be imported, Duty free, See 42 Geo- 3. cap. 95.

------ Stone, fcuJptured, See Sculptured

Marble.

—*	Whetflones, the Hundred containing

Five Score -

Permanent.		Temporary  or  War Duty.
Duty.	Drawback.	
£ s. d.	£ s. d.	<s£ X. //.
1 I 0	0 14 c	070
° 5 6	038	0 I 10
0 11 0	074	0 38
20 0 0	13 6 8	6 13 4
0 r 9		007
26 8 0		8 16 0
0  0  N		14 0 0
0 j 9	—	007
05.0		018
26 8 a		8 16 0
056		c x



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Stone,’ not particularly enumerated or de-fcribed, or otherwife charged with Duty, for every iool. of the Value Stone Bottles, See Bottles.

Storax, or Styrax, viz. *

■ ....Calamita or Liquida, imported di-

reftly from the Place of itfe Growth, the lb.	-

-	- not imported direftly from the

Place of its Growth, the lb. >— in the Tear or Gum, imported di-re&ly from the1 Place of its Growth, the lb.

-	- not imported dire&ly from the

Place of its Growth, the lb. Straw Hats or Bonnets, See Hats.

------ Platting, See Platting.

Stuffs of all Sorts made of or mixed with Wool, the Yard Sturgeon, the Keg not exceeding Five Gallons -	-

Styrax, See Storax.

Succades, the lb.	...

Succini Sal, See Sal.

Succinum, the lb.	-

—-------- Oil of. See Oil of Amber in Oil.

Succus Liquoritiae, or Liquorice Juice, the cwt.	-	-

Sugar, viz.

-------not	of the Britifh Plantations, viz.

• - White or clayed Sugar, the cwt.' -

-	- Brown or Mufcovado Sugar,

the cwt.	-	*

......- of the BritHh Plantations, viz.

-	- White or clayed Sugar, the cwt.

-	- Brown or Mufcovado Sugar,

the cwt.	-

For the Rules, Regulations and Conditions under which the Lords Com-miflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury are authorifed to fufpend, according to the average Price of Sugar as publifhed in the London Gazette, either is. in the Hundred Weight, 2s. in the Hundred Weight, or 3^. in the Hundred Weight, being Part of the Temporary or War Duty on Sugar, See the A& to which this Schedule is annexed.

49 Geo. III.	Y

Permanent.		Temporary  or  War Duty.
Duty.	Drawback.	
£ s.	'£ ,j. d.	£ /. d.
O  O	“	14 0 0
0 0 9	0 0 6	003
0x6	O I O	006
0 5 3	O 36	019
0 10 6	0 7 0	036
076	—	026
046	—	ox 6
020	—	>008
010	OOS	00 4
1 17 6	—	0 22 6
Co  6  O	—	1 6 8
2 $ 0	T-	0 18 0
i 3 11	♦ —	0 XX X
206	• —  f	096



fC^PULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Sugar, continued.

♦Drawback.

——— If the average Price of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar, publifhed in tjie London Gazette, fhaH not exceed 40s the cwt. -	.	-

——— it fhall exceed 408. and not exceed 45*. the cwt.

-	- 45s. £nd not exceed 50s. Do.

-	-#5bs. and not exceed j$s. Do.

-	-	58s.	and	not	exceed	60s	Do.

-	-	6qs.	fmd	not	exceed	62s.	Do.

-	-	62s.	and	not	exceed	64s.	Do.

-	-	64s.	^nd	not	exceed	66b.	Do.

-	- 608. and~not exceed 68s. Do.

-	- 68s. and not exceed 70s. Do. — ■■■■ — if it fhall exceed 708. the cwt. no

Drawback to be flowed.

All the above Prices are to be taken exclufive of the Duties of Culitoms paid /or payable on the Importation 0/ fuph Sugar.

Note.—rOn the Exportation of Sugar o^ tl^e Brifi/h Plantations a Drawback ofthe Whole of the Temporary or War Duty impofed and paid on fuch Sugar is to he flowed$ bpt in eafe the average rrice of Sug^r as publifhed in tne London Gazette, fhall be fuch as to authorize the Lordp Commiflioqers of His Ma-jelly’p Treafury to fufpend the pay-ir^nt of any Part of the Temporary or Vfar Duty on Sugar, then the f Drawback to be allowed on the Expqrtation of Sqgar of the Britifh , Plantations^ fh^Jl bp reduced in proportion, viz. Oqe Shilling, Two Shillings, or Thrpe Shillings, the Hundred Weight, as the Cafe may be, on the Exportation of any fuch Sugay from Great Britain in any other than a Britifh Ship or Veffel ownejl, Navigated, and regiftered ac-cordipg to Law, there (hall be paid or allpwed One Shilling lefs Drawback for every Hundred Weight therepf, than if the fame had been exported in a Britifh Ship or VcfFel fo owned, navigated, and regiftered.-^

Permanent.		Temporary  or  War Duty.
Duty.	Drawback.	
£ si d	£ s. d	£ u d.
	120	—
		1 1 0	—
—	100	—
—	I Q O	—
—	O l8 0	—
—	0 16 0	—
—	0 14 0	—
—	O 12 O	—
—	0 10 O	—
	O 8 O -	
		

 CjOOQ Le

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Sughr, continued.

For the Rules, 'Regulations, and Re-ftriftions under which the Drawback bn Britifh Plantation Sugar is to be allowed, See 49 Geo. 3. cap, 11. whiph Aft is to, continue in force for the Fort of London, until the i jth Day of March 1810, and for the other Parts of Great Britain until the 23th Day of March 1810.

—Refined Sugar, the cwt. - (

Note.—The Duties on Sugar imported into Great Britain are to continue in force until the 23th Day of March 1810.

See the Aft to which this Schedule is annexed. [§7.]

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftriftions under which Sugar may be fecured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 G60, 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap^ 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Ge®. 3. cap. 126.

Sugar Candy, v’z.

----Brown, the cwt. -

----White, the cwt. -	-

Sulphur, Imprefiions, for every iool. of the Value -	-

-----— Vivum, See Briraftone.

Sun, Raifins of the. See Raifins.

Swan Quills, See Quills.

— Skihs, See Skins.

Sweep-Walhers Dirt, containing Bullion, See Bullion.

Sweet Wood, See Wood.	,

Swine, See the Note under the Head of Provifions.

Syrup of Alkermes, See Alkermes.

Tables of Marble, polifhed, See Marble in Stones.'

—-7— of Slate, See Stones*

Tacamahaca Gum, See Gum.

Tails, viz.

—— Buffalo^ Bfill, Cotv, or Ox Tails, the Hundred containing Five Score -

•---MwSrliils,} Skin'-

Permanent.		Temporary  or  War Duty.
Duty.	Drawback.	
£ d.	sS d.	£ u
5 15 ©	—	2 13 4
, 12 6		14®
5 >5 0		Ut 4
37 10 6		12 i* «
0 3 §	6 * 6	« * 3



Google

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Tails, continued.

■ — Sable Tails,	\	c Q, .

-------Squirrel or Calabar Tails, / bk,n8‘

Talc, the lb.	-	-	-

Tallow, imported	in	a	Britifh-built	Ship,

the cwt.	-

—— not imported	in a Britifh-built	Ship,

the owt.	-

His Majefty is authorized to permit, by Order in Council, Tallow to be imported into Great Britain in any Foreign Ship or VcfTel, on Payment of fucn Duties as are due and payable thereon when imported in a Britifh-built Ship, See 44 Geo. 3. cap. 29. revived and continued by

45	Geo. 3, cap. 80. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 29. and by 48 Geo. 3. cap. 24. further continued untilThree Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which Tallow may be fecured in approved Places without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87.

46	Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Tallow Candles, See Candles.

Tamarinds, the lb.	-

Tanners Wafte, for every iool. of the Value

Tapes, viz.

-------open, for every tool, of the Value

—■ —...worfted, for every j ool. of the Value

Tapeftry, not of Silk, for every iool of ;he Value -Tapioca, the lb.

See the Note under the Plead of Pro-vifibn8.

Tar, viz.

— imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Laft, containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31- Gallons -——not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Lafl, containing T2 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31 £ Gallons	-	-

r— ■ The Produce of any of the Dominions > or Plantations of the Crown of Great Britain, the Laft, containing

Permanent.		Temporary  or  War Duty.
Duty.	Drawback.	
£ x. d.	£ t. d.	sS x. d.
0 0 +'	003	00 i|
,0 * 0	—	008
0 2$		0  M  O  O
0 0 4*	003	O O l|
20 0 0	—	^ 13. 4
37 10 0	— _	12 10 0
37 0	—	12 10 0
0		
37 10	—	12 10 0
0.0 3		OOI
0 13 6	090	04 6
0 14,6	0  V*  0	O 4 19



1  SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	. Permanent.		Temporary  or  War Duty.
	Duty.	Drawback.	
Tar, continued.  12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceed-	£ s. d.	aS s. •	£ *. d.
ing 31^ Gallons For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftridtions under which Tar may be fecured in approved Places, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. 1	0 12 -3	G$2	0 41
	Barbadoes Tar, the lb.	003	O O .2	0 01
Tares, for every 10 A. of the Value  See the Note under the Head of Pro-vifions.	20 0 0		6 13 4
Tarras, the Bufhel -Tartar, Cream of, See Cream of Tartar. Tea imported from Europe under Licence, for every 100I. of the Value For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which Tea may be fo imported. See 18 Geo. 2 cap. 26. 6 Geo. 3. cap. 13. and 16 Geo. 3. cap. 51.  Subject alfo to a Duty of Excife.	0  0 0  O NO	0 0 6 6 0 0	0 0 3
Teafles, the xopo -	O I 0	__	004
Telefcopes, for every icol. of the Value -Terra, viz.  	Japonica, the lb.  -	-—— Sienna, the cwt. ...  -		Umbra, the cwt.  	Ve-r^e, the cwt. - -  Thread, viz.  	Bruges Thread, the Dozen lbs. -  	Cotton Thread, for every iool. of	37 10 0  0	0 6  1	0 0 076 0100  0 19 3	004	12 10 0  002 068 026 0 3 4  065
the Value - -  	Outnal Thread, the Dozen lbs.  	Pack Thread, the cwt.  		Sitters Thread, the lb.  —		Whited Brown Thread, the Dozen	54 0 0 130  0 IQ 3  0 5 3	.—	18 0 0 078 0 6 5 019
lbs. -—— not otherwife enumerated or de-fcribed, for every tool, of the	1 3 0		078
Value - -Thrown Silk, See Silk.  Thyme, Oil of. See Oil;	oi  vr  O  0	'	12 10 0
Ticking, for every iool. of the Value	37 >° 0	—	12 10 0
Ticks, for every iool. of the Value Tiffanies, See Silk wrought in Hlk. Tiles, viz.	37 *° 0		12 10 9
Flanders Tiles, the icoo  Y 3	0 18 3	0.12 2	of 1

 30Qie

	Permanent.		Temporary  or  War Duty.
S€Ii]E(DU1j£< )"*INWARDS»	Duty.	Drawback.	
Tiles, continued.	£ i. d.	£ s. d.	£ s. d.
——■ Galley Tiles, the Foot fquare	0 "o 4$	003	0 0 ii
•—^ Pan Tiles, the 1000 —-— Paying Tiles not exceeding 10 Inches	380	2 5 4	1 2 a
fquare, the 1000 - - exceeding 10 Inches fquare, the	270	111 4	0 15 8
1060 -—- ■ ■ Plain Tiles or any Tiles not other-wife enumerated or defcribed, for	3 0	2 10 8	1 5 4
every iool. of the Value Timber, Sec Wood.	50 0 0	33 <5 8	16 13 4
Tin, the cwt. '  Tincal, Sec Borax unrefined.	3 9		* 3 •
Tin Foil, for every iool. of the Value	37 10 0	—	1210 9
Tobacco, the 100 lbs. ...  Warehouse for Home Trade, Confumption, or Manufa&ure in Great Britain, and afterwards manufa&ured according to Law, into Short-cut Tobacco, Shag Tobkcco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco, and exported, the	2 11 3 *		0 12 6
100 lbs. - - ■ tFor the Conditions, Regulations, and. Reftp&ions under which Tobacco may Be fecured in Warehouses without Payment of Ejuty until delivered. out for Home Trade, Confumption, or Manufacture in Great Britain, See 29 Geo. 3. cap. 68. 31 Geo. 3. cap. 47. 33 Geo. 3. cap. 57. 43 Geo. 3. cap. 68.* 43 Geo. £. cap/ 132. 48 Geo. 3. cap. 85. 48 G^o. 3. cap. 109. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.  Tobacco is fubjed alfo to a Duty of Excife.		2 10 O	•
Tobacco Pipes, for every iool. of the Value Tongues, viz. 1  ——- Neats Tongues, the Dozen —-Rein Deer Tongues, for every	50 O ®	— .	1613 4
	0 13	1	1 0 0 5
iool. of the Value - !-See the Note under the Head of Pro-vifions. k  Tonnage, Duty on Ships or Vefiels entering inwards (except in Ballafl) in any Port of Great Britain from foreign Parts, See Table D.	O  O  O		c 13 4
Tooth Powder, for every iool. of the Value  ? [1 9, 29, 30.]	37 19 0.		12 10 9

 ooQle

A<B;i8o£.	49?	GEO.	Ill,	C-9$.	3^7

SCHEDULER A,)—INWARDS.	< Permanent.		Temporary „ air War Duty.
	I)uty.	Drawback.	
	£ s. d.	£ s. (k	£ s: *
Tornfal or Turnfole, the cwt.	0 6 3	. —	or 2 I
Tortoife Shelly the lb. - -	0 2 6	018	O 0 10
Touch Stones* for every Tool, of the Value	20 0 0	—	) 6 '13 :
Tow, imported in a Britifb-built Ship, the			
cwt.  ——■— not imported in a BritiHi-built Ship,	060	0 4 0	r a' O'
the cwt. -	0 6 6	Q 4‘ Ov	. «r 2** a7
For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which Tow niay			
be fecOred in approved Places without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132- 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 GeO. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126. *			>  1 . *  j
Toys, for eveiy tool, of the Value Tragacanth Gum, See Gum.  Train Oil, Set Oil.	37 lo 0		\ t a ia- e-  /
Trays of Wood, the Dozeti	] 0 1 0	mmm	o\ o*- 4
Treacle of Venice, the lb. Tree-nails, See Trunnels.	023	01 6	0*' 0 9  j
Trenchers of Wood, the Grofs containing			
12 Dozen - -	0 1 3	—	v 0*
Truffles, the lb.	036	—	> «r 1* ar
Trunnels or Tree-nails, the 1000 Tubes for -fmoaking*. for every tool, of the	0 4 9*	r	
Value - , -	37 10 0	——	*12 l0'f 0*
Tubs of Wood, for every tool, of the Value Turbith, imported directly , from the Placq;  of its Growth, the lb. -	not imported dire&ly, from the	37 Jo 0  i	\	It1 IO(r o»v
	016	O I 0	o,r 0 6  t
Place of its Growth, the lb.‘ -Turbots, Duty free.	030	0 a o'	7 oy 1* .
Turmarick, the lb. - -Turnery, not otherwife enumerated:or de-fcnbed, for every xool. of the	HCi  O  O	0 • 01 3 >  >	em  0  0
Value ... Turnfole, See Tornfal.  Turpentine, v'z.	37 10 0  »	-JU	)
	common, the cwt.	0 2? 9.	O- MO'	* or o~i r ~
——- of Venice, S&o, or Cyprus,			
the lb.	O' 0 6-	OO4	00a
—* 	- of Germany or any other Place  not otherwife enumerated or			
defcribed, the cwt.  For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftrhftious under which Turpentine	0 16 6	O II' o'	.1 o »- 5 ;  1 '
may be fecured in -approved Places without Payment of Duty, See			
43 Geb. 3. cap. 132. 45; Geo.1 3.	. , ;		, /O' ‘ '
y4			



Google

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Turpeqtine, continued.

' cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Turpentine, Oil of, See 03.

Tutiae Lapis, See Lapis.

Twine, the cwt.	-

Twiftfor Band Strings,	Band String Twill

Tyger Skins, See Skins,

V.

Valonia, the cwt.	-

Vamifh, the cwt.	-

Vafes, m.

of Stone or Marble, fculptured, See Sculptured Marble in Stones.

»■ ■■■■■ of any other Sort, for every iool. of the Value -	-	-

Veal, whether felted or otherwife.

See the Note under the Head of Pro-vifions.

Vellum, the Skin	-

Velves, See Calves Velves.

Verdegris, viz.

»	1	— Common, the lb.

——— cryftallized or otherwife manufactured, the lb.

Veijuice, See Vinegar.

Ve/micelli, the lb. -	■	-

See the Note under the Head of Pro-vifions.

Vermillion or Cinnabar, the lb.

Ufers,. See Wood.

Vinegar or Veijuice, the Tun containing 252 Gallons Vinelloes, the lb.

Violet Leaves, See Leaves.

Vitriol, Oil of. See Oil. ^

Vitriolum Romanum, imported direCtly from he Place of its Growth, the lb.

—-----------------;	not	imported	dire&ly

from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Umber, the cwt.

Vomica Nux, See Nux Vomica. Ufquebaugh, See Spirits.

Vulture Feathers, See Feathers.

W.

Wafers, the lb.

AVainfcot Boards, See Boards in Wood.

Permanent.

Duty.



o 19 6

016

o 11 o

37 10 0 q 46

o p 6 026

9	1	3

38 15 o 0 10	6

4: i

OO9

076

OO9

Drawback.

d.

074

O O 10

003

• O' 6

Temporary

or

War Duty.

<e s. I

066

006 03 a

12 10 Q

e i 6

002 o o 10

o o i\

005

12 18 4

036

0 0 ij

003

•	2 6

•	03



SCHEDULE (A.)—-INWARDS.

Wainfcot Logs, See Wood.

Walking Canes, See Canes.

------Sticks, See Sticks,

Walnut Oil, See Oil.

Walnuts, See Nuts.

Wafhing Balls, See Balls.

Wafte Silk, See Silk.

Watch Glaffes, for every iool. of the Value Subject alfo to a Duty of Excife. Watches of Gold, Silver, or other Metal, for every iool. of the Value Water, viz.

*-----Arquebufade, *)

—	---Citron,	I

.—----Cordial,	^ See Spirits.

—	--Hungary,	j

------Lavender,	J

------Mineral or Natural Water, the

Dozes Bottles or Flaikt, each Bottle or Flalk not exceeding Three Pints -

------Strong Water, See Cordial Water

in Spirits.

Wax, viz.

—	Bay or Myrtle Wax, the lb.

Beea Wax, unmanufaftured, the cwt. — White or manufa&ured, the cwt. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which Bees Wax may be fecnrtd in Ware-houfes without Payment of Duty, See43 Geo.3. cap. 132. 45 Geo.3. cap 87. 46Geo.3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

----Hard Wax, the lb.	-	{ -

■ ■ »- Sealing Wax, for every iopl. of fhe Value	-	*	-

—	Candles, See Candles.

Weafcl Skins, See 9kins.

Weed Allies, See Aihes.

Weld, the cwt.	-

Whale Fins, viz.

..........—	taken	and	caught	by	the	Crew

of a Britilh-built Ship or Veffel wholly owned by His Majefty’s Subjefts ufuaUv reading in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Jflands of Guem-fey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, regiftered and navi-

Permanent.		Temporaiy  or  War Duty.
Duty.	Drawback.	
£ s. d.	£ x. d.	£ e. «F.
72 0 0	—	24 0 »
O  O  to	—	1% 10 0
		
026	—	0 0 so
0 0	005	0 0 2*
2 2 0	1 8 0	O 14 0
3 18 0	2 12 O	l6o
016	OIO	O  O  O
37 10 0		12 IO O
019	0 12	O07

 L,ooQle

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Permanent.		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Whale Fins, continued.	£ *. i	s£ /. d.	£ *.
gated according to Law, and imported in any fuch Shipping, the Ton containing			
20 cwt. -  and Shores qf the I (land of Newfoundland and Parts ad-	1 10 0		0 to .
jacent wholly by Hii Ma-			
jefty's Subjects carrying on. fuch Fifhery from that Ifland .and refiding therein, and imported directly from thence an a Britiflu-built Ship or Veffel, regiftered and navigated according to Law, the			i
Ton containing 20 cwt.  His Majefty’s Subje6ts, ufu-*lly refiding | in any of the Bahama or Bermudas I (lands, pr in any B<iti{h Colony or	2 0 0	-	, 0 *3. 4  j
Plantation in North America, and imported in a Britift-^ built Ship or Veffel, regif-tered and navigated according to Law, the,rl\>n containing		t	i
20 cwt. -  His Majefty’s Subjects ufu-ally refiding! in any other Britifh Colony, Plantation, Territory, or Settlement, and imported in; a Britifh-built Ship or Veffel, regiftered and navigated according to Law,	3 •' •		100  [
the Ton, containing 20 cwt. ■ — of Foreign Filhrag, the Ton	G  0	—	1 <5 8
containing 20 cwt.  For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which Whale Fins of Brkifh Fifhing may be fe-cured in approved Places, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46Geo.3. cap. 137* and 48 Geo, 3" cap. 126.  N For the Conditions, Regulations ind Reftri&ions under which Whale Fins may be admitted to Entry as	0  0  0		20 0 * 0



Google

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Whalef ins, continued.

of Britjfh Fifhing, See the Aft to, which this Schedule 4s annexed. Whale Oil, See Oil.

Wheat, See Com.

-------Flour, See Com.

Whetftones, See Stones,

Whipcord, the lb. *	■	m -

Whifk Brooms, See Brooms.

White Boards For Shoemakers, See Boards in Wood.

Wicker Ware, for every ioqI, of the Value Wick Yam, $pYarn.

Wine, viz.

----French Wine imported in a Britifh-

built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -

-	- not imported in a Britifh-built

Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -	r

-	- exported to any Britifh Colony

or Plantation in America, to any Britilh Settlement in the Eaft Indies, to China, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Pofleflions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun containing 252 Gallons	-	*

-	- exported to any other Place, the

Tun containing 252 Gallons -

-= HZgj Wtoi,} *»***>

— >Madeira Wine, imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons	-

r - not imported in a Brkifh-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons	-

* - exported to any Britifh Colqny or Plantation in America, to Brazil^ or any other of the Territories or Pofleflions. of the Crown of Portugal in South Apierica, or to any of the Territories of the United States of Apierica, the Tun containing 25,2 Gallons

Permanent.		Temporary  or  War Duty.
Duty.	Drawback.	
£ d.	£ 4. d.	£ .vi
0.6		O C s
3?,o 0	-	12 IO •
6$ 13 6	—	—
0  0  0  In		
	59 i? 0	1
■MM	54 1* 0	. -
44: 3 0	. —	—
47 6 6	—	
	.39. i& 0	



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Permanent.		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Wine,.—Madeira Wine, continued.  - - exported to any other Place, the Tun containing 15a Gallons -—~ Portugal Wine, imported in a BritiQi-burlt Ship, the Tun containing 252	£ s.	£ s. d. 36 15 0	£ t. i.
Gallons -• - not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Tun containing 252	43 1 •		
Gallons ... - - exported to any Britifh Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil or any other of the Territories or Pofleflionn of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun containing 252 Gallons • • exported to any other Place, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -— Rhenifh, German, and Hungary Wine,  7 - - imported in a Britifli-built Ship,	46 6 0	39 18 0 3<S »5 0	—
the Tun containing 252 Gallons  •	- not imported in a Britiih-built  Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -  *	- exported to any Britifh Colony or  Plantation in America, to Brazil or any other of the Territories or Poflefiions of the Crown of Portugal in South . America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun containing 252 Gallons  -	- exported to any other Place, the  Tun containing 252 Gallons -— Spanifli Wine, vi%.  -	- Spanifh Red Wine, imported in a  Britifh-built Ship, the Tun,	65 13 6		"
	O  1 1  O	59 <5 6  54 1 6	—
containing 2 52 Gallons - - not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Tun, containing	55 1 0		
252 Gallons • - exported to any Britifh Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories ot Pof-feffions of the Crown of	58 6 0		

 v^ooQle

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Permanent.

Temporary-

Duty. Drawback.

or

War Duty.

Wine,—Spanifh Red Wine, continued.

Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, containing 252 Gails.

-	- exported to any other Place,

the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

-	- Spanifh White Wine, imported in

a Britiili-built ^hip, the Tun, containing 252 Gallo* s r - not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

-	- exported to any Britifh Co-

lony pr Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or I’of-feflions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Ter-rif ories of the United States of America, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons „„	- - exported to any other Place,

the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

Wine not otherwife enumerated or de-fcribed,

-	- imported in a Britifh-built Ship,

the Tun, containing 2j2 Galls.

-	- not imported in a Britifh-built

Ship, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

-	- exported to any Britifh Colony or

Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or PofTeffions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

-	- exported to any other Place, the

TTin containing 252 Gallons ' -—— Wine entered for Prifage in any of thofe Out-ports in England and Wales, where the Right of Prifage has not . been purchased by the

£ x. d.

43 1 o

46 6 o

£ x. d\

51 18 o 48 15 o

£ X. d.

39 *8 ©

36 15 o

43	1	o

46 6 o

39 18 o

36 15 0



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Permanent.		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Wine etttertd for Prifage, &c. continued.  Crown under the Authority of the A$s of the 43 Geo. 3. cap. 156. and 46 Geo. 3, cap. 79. wz,  — • French Wine imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Tun, con-	£	£ t.	£. t. d.
taming 252 Gallons • not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Tun, con-	59 6 0		
taining 252 Gallons ± - exported to any Britifh Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Pof-feffions of the CroWn of Portugal in South America, to any Britifh Settlement in the Eaft Indies, to China, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, oontaining 252 Gal-	62 3 0		
lons -± - exported to any other Place, the Tun, containing 232		S3 9 10	
Gallons  • - German Wine* J See Rhenifh • Hungaty Wine, J Wine.  -r Madeira Winfe, imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Tun, containing 2$ 2 Gallons ^ - not imported ih a Britifh-built SHip, the Tun, con-		49 *3 7	
	39 18 0		*
taining 252 Gallons • - exported to any Britifh Colony or Plantation in Atoife-rica, td Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Pofleflidns of the Crown of Port dgal in South Arne -rica, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America,, the	42 3 0	•	
Tun > cdntainmg 252 tails. -i - exported to any other Plade, the Tun, containing 25 2	mmm	35 13 * •	*r-
Gallons - -• - Portugal Wide, imported id a Britifh-built Ship, the Tuii,		33 * 5	
containing 2^2 Gallons »	38 16 2	—	—



Google

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Wine entered for Prifage, &c. continued,

# Portugal Wine, continued,

-	- not imported in a Britilh-

built Ship, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons • - exported to any Britifti Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Pof-fdlioits of the Crown of Portugal in South Ame-' rica, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun, containing 352 Gallons

-	- exported to any other Place,

the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

* - Rhcnifti, German and Hungary Wine, imported in a Britilh-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

-	- not imported in a Britifh-

built Ship, the Tun containing 232 Gallons

-	- exported to any Britilh Co*

lony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Pof-feffions of the Crovrn of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

-	- exported to any other Place,

the Tuai containing 252 Gallons - - Spanilh Wine, viz,

-	- Spanilh Red Wine, imported

in a Briti(h-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Galls.

-	- not imported in a Bri-

tflh-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

-	- exported to any Britifh

Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or Any other of the

Duty.

sS <r. d*

41 t 6

5 6 6 o 59 6 o

50 16 2 S3 1 $

Drawback.

£ I

Temporary dr

War Dnty.

s. d.

35 13 2 33 * 5

50 1 3 46 7 6



Google

3i«

49* GEO. lit

A.D. i Bog*

C.98.

SCHEDULE (A.) —INWARDS.

Wine entered for Prifage, See. continued.

Spanish Red Wine, continued

'Territories or Poflef-fions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun containing 25s Gallons

-	- exported to any other

Place, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -• - Spanifh White Wine, imported in a Britiftvbuilt Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons - ' -_	-	- not imported in a Britifli-

built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons • - exported to any Britifh Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or PofTef-fions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, dr to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

-	- exported to any other

Place, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -— Wine fo entered lor Prifage, not otherwife enumerated or deferibed, -	-	-	imported	in	a Britifh-built Ship,

the Tun containing 252 Gad-Ions	-	-

- - not imported in a Britifh-built

a, the Tun containing 252 ons

- - exported to any Britifh Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or Poffeflions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of

Permanent		Temporary  or  War Duty.
- Duty.	Drawback.	
£ /. ,d.	£ t.	£ t. d.
	47 *3 »	
—	+5 » 5	—
38 16 2	—	—
41 i 6		
	35 *3 a	
—	33 * 5	—
36 14 0	—	—
38 9 6		

 UooQle

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS. ^

'Wine entered for Prifage, &c. continued.

America, the Tun containing 252 Gallons %	-	x-

—	exported to	any	other	Place,

the Tun containing 232 Gallons	-

Wine is fubjedt	alfo	to	a	Duty	of

Excife.

tor the Conditions, Regulations, and: Reflri&ions under which Wine may be fecured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132.	45	Geo. 3. cap. 87.

46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Qeo. 3. cap 126.

wine Lees, fubje& to the fame Duty as Wine, but no Drawback is allowed on Lees of Wine exported. Winteranus Cortex, See Cortex.

Wire, viz.

----Brafs or Copper not otherwife enumerated or deferibed, the cwt.

----Gilt or Plated, for every 100I. of the

Value	-	-

—— Iron, not otherwife enumerated or deferibed, the cwt.

----Latten, the cwt.

»	Silver, for every	iool.	of the

Value —— Steel, the lb.

----Virginal Wire of Brafs, Copper, or

Iron, the lb.

Woad, viz.

.. ■■■ Green Woad, the	cwt.

—— Thouloufe Woad, the cwt.

Wolf Skins, 1 c ct .

Wolverings, j Skins.

Wood, viz.

*•*»—— Anchor Stocks, viz.

-	- imported in a Britilh-built Ship,

the Piece

-	^ not imported in a Britifh-built

Ship, the Piece

-	- of the Growth and Produ&ion

of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported dire&ly from thence, the Piece

49 Geo* III*	2

Permanent.		Temporary  or  War Duty.
Duty,	Drawback.	
sd s.	sd t. d.	<d s.
—	33 10 10	— '
	31 6 1	
3 ia 0		1 4 •
37 Jo 0	—	12 10 •
3 15 0	—	1 5 0
3 90		130
37 Jo 0		12 10 0
0 1 i|	— '	0 0
0 1 7£		0 0 6|
0 2 9	O I IO	0 0 11
0 $ 6	© 3 8	0 it©
® 5 3	036	019
056	036	Oil©
006	—	© © 2

 v^ooQle

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Permanent.		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Wood, continued\  —	Balks, •viz.  - - under 5 Inches fquare and under 24 Feet in Length,  — imported in a Britifh-built	t£ 1. d.	, £ s. d	£ s. d.
Ship, the 120 — not imported in a Britifh-	* 17, 3	1182	0 19 r
built Ship, the 120 - - 5 Inches fquare and under 8 Inches fquare, or if 24 Feet in Length or upwards,  - - imported in a Britifh-built	2 18	182	0 19 5
Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a Britifh-	7 13 9	526	2 II 3
built Ship, the 120 - - of all Sorts, under 8 Inches fquare, of the Growth and Produ&ion of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported di-	7 16 6	526	2 12 2
redily from thence, the 120 -—— ■ — Battens, viz.  - - 8 Feet in Length and not exceeding 20 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 2f Inches in Thicknefs,  - - imported in a Britifh-built	0 10 3		0 3 5
Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a Britifh-	3 6 9	246	12 3
built Ship, the 120 - - exceeding 20 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, or if exceeding 2J Inches in Thicknefs,  - - imported in a Britifh-built	3*3	246	I29
Ship, the 120 - ( - - not imported in a Britifh-	6 13 6	490	246
built Ship, the 120  —			Batten Ends, viz.  - - under 8 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding Inches in Thicknefs,*  • - imported in a Britifh-built	6 16 6	490	256
Ship, the 120 - • not imported in a Britifh-	126	0  V)  M  O	076
built Ship, the 120	1 3 3	0 15 0	0 7 9



SCHEDULE (A).—INWARDS.	Permanent.		Temporary  or  War Duty.
	Duty.	Drawback.	
Wood—Batten Ends, continued.  - - under 8 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and exceeding 2f Inches in Thicknefs,  - - imported in a. Britiih-built	£ /.	£ /. d.	£ *• d»
Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a Britilh-	*59	1 10* 6	0 15 3
built Ship, the 120  *-J		fcattens and Batten Ends of all  Sorts, of the Growth and Pro-du6tiori of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported diredtly from thence* the	270	1 i& 6	00  O
120 - -» - Beech Plank, v!%*  - - 2 Inches in thicknefs or upwards, imported in a BritHh* built Ship, the Load, con-	*53		019
taining 50 Cubic Feet * * not imported in a Briti/h* built Ship* the Load, ^ combining 50 Cubic	1 16 9	s 6 6	• i® 3
Feet *  * - of all Sorts of the Growth and Production of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported di-	1 n 6	10-6	9 TO 6
re6tly from thence, the 120 *•  • - under $ Inches fquare, and under 24 Feet in Length,  *» - imported in a Britifh-built	® 5 3		0 x 9
Ship, the 1*0 - * not imported in a British*	» i7 3	2 18 2	0 19 1
built Ship* the 120 * - 5 Inches fquate and under 8 Inches fquare, or if 24 Feet in Length or upwards,  •• * imported in a Britifh-bu3t	a 18 3	1 r8 2	0 19 5
Ship, the 1*0 * - not imported in a Brittfh*	7 *3 9	S t 6	2 it 3
built Ship, the 1201 » - of all Sorts under 3 Inches fquare, of the Growth ancf* Production of the British > Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported di-re6tly from thence, " the	1 j 16 6  !	526	a 12 a  © 3 i
120 *  Zi	• ¥> 3 I		

 v^.ooQle

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Permanent.		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Wood, continued.  ■» - Beech Boards, viz.  • - under a Inches in Thick-nefs, and under 15 Feet in Length,  - - imported in a Britifh-	£ x. d.		£ s. d.
built Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a Bri-tifh-built Ship, the	216 6	1 17 8	0 18 10
120  - • under 2 Inches in Thick-nefs, and if 15 Feet in Length or upwards,  - - imported in a Britifti-	2 19 0	1 17 8	0 19 S
built Ship, the 120 - - not imported in aBri-ti(h-built Ship, the	5 13 0	3 15 4	1 17 8
120  ; • - Clap Boards, viz.  - - not exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and under 8 Inches fquare,  - imported in a Britifh-	5 18 0	3 *5 4	1 19 4
built Ship, the 120 , - - not imported in a Bri-tifh-built Ship, the	1 18 6  i	158	0 12 i#
120  r - - of the Growth and Pro-du&ion of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported dire&ly from	1 19 6	'.1 5 8	0 13 2
: . thence, the 120  ' - ^ Linn Boards, or White Boards for Shoemakers, viz.  - - under 4 Feet in Length, and under 6 Inches in Thick riefs,  - - imported in a Britifli-	® 7’- 9		02;
r 1 built Shij), the 1.20 - - not imported in a Bri-w tilh-built Ship, the	4 $ 3	217 6	189
120  • - 4 Feet in Length, or 6 Inches in Thicknefs, or upwards,  - - imported in a Bri-tiih-built Ship, the	490	2 17 6	.198
120 . 1	8126	5.15 0	t 1; f

 CjOOQle

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Permanent.		i emporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or ^ War Duty.
Wood—Boards, Linn Boards, continued.  - - not imported in a Bri-tifh-built Ship, the	£ * d.	tS x.r	£ /. d.
120  - Mill Boards, See in M.  • - Oak Boards, viz,  • - under 2 Inches in Thick nefs, and under 15 Feet in Length,  - - imported in a Eritifh-	8180	5 iS 0	2 19 4
built Ship, the 1*0 * - not imported in a Bri-tifh-built Ship, the	5 14 0	3 16 0	1 18 0
120  - - under 2 Inches in Thickr nefs, and if 15 Feet in Length, or up-yards,  ' - • imported in a Britifh-	5180	3 16 0	I 19 4
built Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a Bri* tifh-built Ship, the	1180	^1  M  N  O	3 16 •
120  • - Paling Boards, viz.  - - hewed on one Side, and not exceeding 7 Feet in Length,  - - imported in a Britifh-	11 16 0	7 12 O	3 18 8
built Ship, the * 20 - - not imported in a Bri-tifh-built Ship, the	0 11 9	0 7 10	0 3 11
120  - - hewed on one Side, and exceeding 7 Feet in [ Length,  — imported in a Britifh-	O 12 3	0 7 10	© 4 *
built Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a Bri-tifh-built Ship, the	-I 6	0 15 8	0 7 10
120  -	- Pafle Board, See in P.  -	- Pipe Boards, viz.  - - above 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length and not exceeding 8 Feet in Length,and under 3 Inches Square, - - imported in a Britifh-	14 6	0 15 8	082
built Ship, the 120 • - not fmported in a Bri-tifh-built Ship, the	2 17 9	1 18 6	0 19 3
12 0 ’ -	2 18 6	1 18 6	19 6

 L.ooQle

34*	^49°	dO#	HI*	A.DliIo^

CPUrnTTT c* y A \ • f%fw A 9 -TVf	Permanent.		Temporary
bLliLDuliL ▼* <ARDS.	Duty.	Drawback	or  War Duty,
Wo od~ Boards, Pipe Boards, continued.  • - exceeding 8 Feet in Length, and under 8 Inches fquare,  - - imported in a Bntifh-	4 t. d.	£ 1. el.	£ e.
built Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a Bri-tifh-built Ship, the	5 ?5 *	3 ?7 P	I iS 4
120  - - of all Sorts, exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inchetin Length, and under 8 Inches fquare, of the Growth and Production of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported diredly from	0	3 17 0	1 19 0
thence, the 120 * >. * Scale Boards, See in S.  - - Wainfcot Boards, viz.  - - the Foot containing 12 Feet ta Length and f Inch in Thicknefs, and fo in Proportion for any greater or leffer Length or Thicknefs,  -	- imported in a Britifh*  built JShip  -	- not imported in a Bn-	O 12 3		0 4 1
	0.1 9	0 1 2	° 0 7
tifh-built Ship pi Boards x»f all Sorts, not otherwife enumerated or deferibed, of the Growth and Produ&ioq of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported direftly	O  O	012	008
from thence, the wo - -—— Bowfprits, See Mails.  		Boxwood, of the Growth and Pro-  a idu&ion of the Britifh Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported dire&ly from thence refpe&iyely.	0 5 3		019
the Ton containing 20 cwt.  * - - of the Growth and Production of any other Country or Plac$, or if otherwife imported, the Ton containing	I I O		0  O
20 cwt. -—■' Brazil Wood, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, orothemife	O  O  lr»	3 <5 8	1 ?3 4

 t^ooQle

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Permanent.		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Wood—Brazil Wood, continued.  charged with Duty, the Ton	& *. d.	£ t. i.	& /. d.
containing 20 cwt.	300	—	100
Ton containing 20 cwt.  		Cam Wood, the Ton containing	0 10 6	—	036
20 cwt. -—— — Deals, viz.  - - above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length, and not above 10 Feet in Length, and not exceeding Inches in Thicknefs,  - - imported in a Britifh-built	1 4 0		080
Ship, the 120 » - not imported in a Bii-tifh-built Ship, the	3 5 0	a 3 4	
120  - - above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length, and not above 20 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 3^ Inches in Thicknefs, (except Deals not above 10 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 1 ~ Inch in Thicknefs,)  » - imported ir. a Briti(h-bmlt	369	a 3 4	
Ship, the 120 r - not imported in a Britifh-	6 n 3	4 7 6	2 3 9
built Ship, the 120 m - above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length, and not above 20 Feet in Length, and exceeding 3J Inches in Thicknefs,  - - imported in a Britilh-built	6 16 0	4 7 6	2 5 4
Ship, the 120 * - not imported in a Bri-tifh-built Ship, the	13 a 6.	8 15 0	476
120  •• - above 7 Inches in Width, exceeding 20 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 4 Inches in Thicknefs,  - - imported in a Britifh-fcmilt	13 12 0	8 15 0	4 10 8
Ship, the 120 - • npt imported in a Brfttfh-	16 50	10 16 8	5 8 4
built phip, the 120 * - above 7 Inches in Width, exceeding 2t Feet in Lengthf  Z 4	1 6 13 6	10 16 8	5 11 a

 t^ooQle

344

49° GEO, III

A,D. iflep-

C*9?t

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Wood—Deals, continued.

and exceeding 4 Inches in Thicknefs, r - imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the 12Q r - not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the 120

—....... Deal	Ends,	viz.

- - above 7 Inches in Width, being under 8 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 3J Inches in Thicknefs,

► - imported in a Britifh-built bhip, the 120 - - not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the 120 * - above 7 Inches in Width, being under 8 Feet in Length and exceeding	Inches	in

Thicknefs,

-imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the 120 • - not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the 120 -r «—■	■ Deals and Deal Ends of all Sorts,

of the Growth and Produ6tion of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported dire&ly from thence, the 120	-

m* ■ ■ Ebony, of the Growth and Production of the Britifh Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly fiom thence refpediively, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

-	- of the Growth and Produdtion

of any other Country or Place, or if- otherwife imported, the Ton containing 2QTxwt.

-' Firewood, viz.

-	- the Fathom 6 Feet wide and 6

Feet high,

~ - imported in a Britifh-built Ship -	,	-	A

- - not imported in a Britifh-built Ship

-	- of the Growth and Produ&ion

of the Britifh Colonies or plantation^ in America, and

Permanent.		Temporary  or  War Duly.
Duty.	Drawback.	
aS t. d.	£ /. d.	£ /. 4
31 13 6	2124	10 11 2
3Z 3 6	2124	1014 6
* 4 9	1 9 10	0 14 it
266	I 9 10	0 ij 6
469	2 17 IO	1 8 it
4 10 0	r 2 17 IO	1 10 0
0 5 3	-	0 1 9
0 13 0	—	0 4 4
15 12 0	•  10 8 0	540
O  Os  O	0 4 0	020
063	040	021

 LjOOQle

A.D.1809, 49° GEO. III.		C.98.	345
SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Permanent.		Temporary
	\  Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Wood—Firewood, continued.  imported diredtly from thence, the Fathom 6 Feet	£ s. d.	£ s. d.	£ t.
wide and 6 Feet high  		 Fir Quarters, viz.  - - under 5 Inches fquare and Under 24 Feet in Length,  - imported in a Britifh-built	00 6		9 9 *
Ship, the 420 - - not imported in a Britifh-	s 17 3	1 18 2	01 g t
built Ship, the 120 «? - - j Inches fquare and under 8 Inches fquare, or if 24 Feet in Length or upwards,  - - imported in a Britifh-built	? 18 3	1 18 2	0 19 5
Ship, the 120 - r not imported in a Britifh-	7 *3 9	j a 6	2 ii $
built Ship, the 120 ♦ - of all Sorts, under 8 Inches fquare, of the Growth and Produ&ion of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported di-	716 6	526	3 12 3
re&ly from thence, the 12®  		Fir Timber, See Timber.  —s		 Fuftick, the Ton containing 20 dwt.  r	Guinea Wood, Sec Red Wood.  v	Handfpikes, viz^  - - under 7 Feet in Length,  - - imported in a Britifh-built	p 10 3 0 15 6	—	« 3 S  0 5 *
Ship, the 120 • - not imported in a Britifh-	0 15 0	0 10 0	050
built Ship, the 120 ▼ - 7 Feet in Length or upwards, - - imported in a Britifh-built	0 15 6	0 10 0	o5z
Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a Britifh-	1 10 0	1 00	0 10 e
built Ship, the 120 r - of the Growth and Produ&ion of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations ip America, and imported dire&lyfrom thence, - - under 7 Feet in Length,	1 11 0	100	0 10 4
the 190  - - 7 Feet in Length or up-	0 1 4|	— '	0 0 Si
wards, the 120 y... — Knees of Oak, viz.  ? - under 5 Inches fquare,  * - imported in a Britifh-built	029		0	O II  1
Ship, the 120	07 6	j 01	|‘ O 2 6



Google

49* GEO. 1U,

A.D.iXop,

34$	C.98.

SCHKHULE /A 1	TIOTAUDS	Permanent.		Temporary
uvilLI/ U * i»< (A, "ii4 W AIVL/O.	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Wood—Knee* of Oak, continued.  - - not imported in a Britifh-	£ /, d.	£ s. d.	£ /. 1
built Ship, the 120 - - 5 Inches fquare and under 8 Inches fquare,  - - imported in a Britifh-built	080	650	028
Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a Britifh-	3 * 6	2 10	10 6
built Ship, the 120 • - 8 Inches fquare or upwards,  - • imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Load con-	3 4 3	2 10	1 * 5
taining 50 Cubic Feet -- - not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic	0 19 6	0 13 0	066
Feet  • - of the Growth and Produ&ion of the Brkifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported dire&ly from thence, * - under 8 Inches fquare, the	1 1 0	O 13 O	070
120  • * 8 Inches Square or upwards, the Load con-	0 5 3	mmm	019
taining 50 Cubic Feet -  —	— Lathwood, viz,  - - in Pieces under 5 Feet in Length, the Fathom, 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high,  - * imported in a Britilh-built	0 36		0 12
Ship  - - not imported iq a Britifh-	1 10 9	x 0 6	0 10 3
built Ship - - in Pieces 5 Feet in Length or upwards, the Fathom, 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high,  - - imported in a Britifh-built	1 12 0	106	0 10 8
Ship  - - not imported in a Britifh-	2 j 9	1 10 6	0 15 3
built Ship » - of the Growth and Produftiou , of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America and imported dire&ly from thence, in Pieces of all Sorts, the Fathom, 6 Feet wide	269	1 10 6	0 15 7
and 6 Feet high — -■■ ■- Lignum Vitae, of the Growth and Production of the Britifh Co-	0 3 9		0 1 3



Google

SCHEDULE { A.)—INWARDS.	Permanent.		Temporary*
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty*
Wood — JJgnum Vitae, continued*  lonies, Plantations, or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported diredtly from thence re-ipo&i'vely, the Ton contirining 20 cwt. -r - of the Growth and Produftion of any other Co untry or Plsce, or if otherwife imported, the	£ s. d. 070	£ 4- d.	£ 4. d.  024
Ton containing 20 cwt.  *--r—r- Logwood, the Ton containing 20 • cwt.  mudas or of any of the Bahama Iflands, and imported directly from thence refpedti^ely, the	a 18 <5 0 5 9	1 19 0	0 19 6 0 1 11
Ton containing vo cwt.  • p flf the Growth of the Brkiih Limits within the Province of Yucatan, in the Bay of Honduras, and imported di-reftly from the faid Bay, the	a 8 0	I 12 ©	Of 60
Ton containing 20 cwtf - * e * wot imported dire&ly from 1 Bermudas ©r from any of the Bahama Iflands, or not imported directly from the Bay of Honduras; or any Mahogany being of the Growth of ;any other Country or Place, the Ton con- 1	a 8 0	I 12 0	0 16 0
taining 2Q cwt.  	— Mails, Yawls, or Bowfprits, viz. 1  - - 6 Inches in Diameter, and under 8 Inches,  - - imported in a Britiih-built	5100	1 12 O	1 16 8
-Ship, each - - not imported in a Britiih- *	030	.020	0 10
built Ship, each - - 8 Inches in Diameter, and funder 12 Inches,  - - imported in a Britifti-buiit '	0 3 6	O 2 0	012
Ship, each  -	- not imported in a Britiih-  built Ship, each - ‘ • - 12 Inches in Diameter, or upwards, r  -	- imported in a Britiih-buHt  Ship, the Load contain-	08 3 •	056	029
	O89	0 5 6	0211
ing 50‘Cubic Feet	I06	x> 13 t	0 6 jo





	Permanent.		Temporary
SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Wood:—fyjafts, Yards, Sec. continued,  — - not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic	£ s. d.	r. d\	s£ «*. d.
Feet  * - of the Growth and Produftion of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported direftly from thence, r - 6 {nches in Diameter, and	1 i 6	0 13 8	072
under 8 Inches, each -- - 8 Inches in Diameter, and	020	014	0 O S •
under 12 Inches, each -• - iz Inches in Diameter, or upwards, the Load cor	*53	0 3 6	0 1 9
taining 50 Cubic Feet -F^r the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which Mafts, Yards, and Bowfprits of the Growth or Produce of any Britifh Colony or Plantation in North America, may be imported from thence Duty free. Sec 46 Qeo. 3. ^ap. iijf. continued by 48 Geo. 3. cap. 19. to the 25 th March 1810.  ■	;— Nicaragua Wood, the Ton contain-  ing 20 cwt. - -■■■■ Oak Plank, vi%.  - - 2 Inches in Thicknefs, or up^ wards,  - - imported in a Britifh built, Ship, the Load con-	0 19 3 0 16 6	0 12 10	• 65 <? 5 6
taining 50 Cubic Feet -- • not imported in a Britifh -built Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic	1 \6 9	* 4 6  >	3
Feet  - • of all Sorts, of the Growth and Produ&ion of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported di-	1 18 0.	146	0 12 8
re&ly from thence, the 120-  —*		 Oak Timber, See Timber.  ■■ ■ ■ 1 - Oars, m.  » * imported in a Britifh^built Ship,	• 5 3		019
the 120  - - ne t imported in a Britifh-built	4 *4 <5	3 j o	, i 11 6
Ship, the 120 - -» - of the Growth and Produftion of the Britifh Colonies or	417 6	V  Oo  P	. 1 12 6



A.D, 1809.

49° GEO. in.

C.9&	349

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Permanent.		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Wood—Oars, continued.  Plantations in America, and imported dire&ly from	£ x. d.	£ x. d.	£ t. d.
thence, the 120  	. Olive Wood, of the Growth and  Produ&ion of the Britifh Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported dire&ly from thence re-fpe&ively, the Ton containing	0 12 3		0 4 1
20 cwt. - -- - of the Growth and Produ&ion of any other Country or Place, or if otherwife imported, the Ton, containing	0 7 9		P 2 7
20 cwt. -■ Red or Guinea Wodd, the Ton,	5 7 0	3 n 4	1 1 s *
containing ao cwt.  			 Rofe Wood, the cwt.  —	 Round Wood, viz.  — in Pieces under 8 Inches fquare and under 6 Feet in Length,  — imported in a Britifh-built	140  1 8 9	0 19 2	080  097
Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a Britifh-	1 8 3	0 iS 10	0 9 5
built Ship, the 120 • - in Pieces under 8 Inc hes fquare, and if 6 Feet in Length or upwards,  - - imported in a Britifh-built	1 9 3	0 18 10	099
Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a Britifh-	216 6	1 17 8	0 18 10
built Ship, the 120 - - of the Growth and Pro-du&ion of the Britiih Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported dire&ly from thence in Pieces of all Sorts, under 8 Inches	2 18 6	1 17 8	0 19 6
fquare, the 120  *—■ ■■ Spars, viz.  • - under 22 Feet in Length, and under 4 Inches in Diameter, exclufive of the Bark,  - • imported in a Britifh-built	020		008
Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a Britifh-	• 17 9	0 11 10	0 5 11
built Ship, the 120 -	0189	0 11 xo	0 $ 3



Google

SCHEDULE (A.) -INWARDS.

Wood—Spars, continued.

-	- 22 Feet in Length or up-

wards, and under 4 Inches in Diameter, exclufive of the Bark,

•	- imported in a Britifh-built

Ship, the 120

•	- not imported in a BritHh-

built Ship, the 120

•	- 4 Inches in Diameter, and un-

der 6 Inches excluiive of the Bark,

-	- imported in a Britifh-built

Ship, the 120

•	- not imported in a Britifh-

built Ship, the 120

•	of the Growth and Produ&ion

of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported dire&ly from thence, of all Sorts under 6 Inches in Diameter, exclufive of the Bark, the 120

-......  Speckled	Wood,	of	the Growth

and Produ&ion of thp Britifh Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements m Africa or America, and imported dire&ly from thence refpe lively, the Ton containing 20 cwr.	-

-	• of the Growth and Produ&ion

of any other Country or Place, or if otherwife imported, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

■ - - —- Spokes for Wheels, viz.

-	- not exceeding 2 Feet in

Length*

•	- imported in a Britifh-built

Ship, the 000 *- - not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the 1000 -

-	- exceeding 2 Feet in Length,

-	- imported in a Britifh-built

Ship, the toco

-	- not imported in a Britifh-

built Ship, the 1000	-

-	- of all Sort 8, of the G owth and

Produ&ion of th£ Britifh Colonies or Plantations in

Permanent.		Temporary  or  War Duty.
Duty. t	Drawback*	
£ *. d.	£ jv d»	£ *di
1 10 9	1 06	0 10 3
1 12 0	106	0108
369	246	123
3 9 3	246	1 3 1
0 10 3	—	0 3 5
0 10 3	—	0 3 5
5 10 0	3 *3 4	1 16 8
226	184	0 14 z
a 4 3	184	0 14 9
4 5 0	2 16 8	1 8 4
4 8 6	2 16 8	1 9 0



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARD8.	Permanent.		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Wood—Spokes for Wheels, continued.  America, and imported di-	£ X. d.	£ x. d.	£ x. d.
redtly from thence, the 1000 - — Staves, viz,.  - - not exceeding 36 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thicknefs, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, - - imported in a Britifh-built	O40		0 * 4
Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a Britifh-	083	Q $ 6	0 % 9
built Ship, the 120 - - above 36 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 50 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thicknefs, and not exceeding 7 Inches in breadth,  • - imported in a Britifh-built	O  00	056	O 2 IQ
Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a Britifh-	0 15 6	0 10 4	O £ 2
built Ship, the 120 - - above 50 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 60 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thicknefs, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,  - - imported in a Britifh-built	0 i£ 0	0 19 4	0 5 4
Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a Britifh-	x 0 6	0 13 8	0 6 10
built Ship, the 120 -• • above 60 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 72 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thicknef, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,  - - imported in a Britifh-built	1 1 .3	0 13 8	07 X
Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a Britifh-	1 10 3	102	0 10 i
built Ship, the 120 - - above 72 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thicknefs, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,  ' * - imported in a Britifh-built	in 0  a	102	0 10 4
Ship, the 120 * - not imported in a Britifh-	1 24 3	1 2 10	0 11 5
built Ship, the 120	1 16 0	1 2 to	. 0 12 0

3

 ^ ooQle

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Wood—Staves, continued

-------Staves, being the Growth and Pro*

duCtion of any of the United States of America, or of the -Growth and Production of Ea(t or Weft Florida, and imported direCtly from thence refpeCtively, not exceeding Inch in I hick-nefs, (hall be charged with One Third Part only of the Duties herein before impofed on Staves.

* - above 3 Inches in Thicknef, or above 7 Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Leng h, lhall be deemed Clap Boards and pay Duty accordingly.

- above 3 Inches in Thicknefs, or above 7 Inches in Breadth, and exceeding 5 Feet 3 *	Inches	jn	Length,	lhall	be

deemed* Pipe Boards, and pay Duty accordingly.

-	• of the Growth and Production

of the Britilh Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported direCtly • f om thence, of all Sorts not ex-ceedingjjo Inches in Length, the 120

* - of all Sorts, exceeding 50 Inches in. Length, the 120

-----— Sweet wood, of the Growth and

Production of the BritiOi Colonies, Plantations or Settlements in Africa or America, and imported diredly from thence re-fpeCtively, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.	-

-	- of the Growth and Production

of any other Country or Place, or if otherwise imported, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

- ■ Timber, viz.

-	- Fir Timber, of the Growth

of Norway, and imported direCtly from thence, 8 Inches

Permanent.		Temporary  or  War Duty.
Duty.	Drawback.	
*£ /. d.	£ s. di	£ u £
009		003
c 1 6	—	•  0 0 6
0 10 3	■ —	0 3 5
6 14 6	498	2 4 10

 LjOOQle

SCHEDULE (A^INWARDS.

Wood—Fir Timber, fcc. continued.

fquare, and not exceeding 10 Inches fquare,

- - in a Britifh-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet

•	• not in a Britifh-built Ship,

the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet

•	- exceeding 10 Inches

fquare, in a Britifh-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet,

•	. not in a Britifh-built Ship,

the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet

•	• not otherwife charged! with

Duty, 8 Inches fquare or upwards, imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Load!, containing 50 Cubic Feet

•	• not imported in a Britifh-

built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet

» • of the Growth and Pro-du&ion of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and im-x ported dire&ly from thence, 8 Inches fquare or upwards, the Load, containing jo Cubic Feet

.....—- Oak Timber, viz.

•	- 8 Inches fquare or upwards,

•	» imported in a Britifh-built

Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet •

•	- not imported in a Britifh-

built Ship, the Load, containingjoCubic Feet

*	• <0f the Growth and Production

of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported dire&ly from thence, 8 Inches fquare or upwards, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet 49 Geo. III.	A	a

Permanent. j Temporary

Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
£ /.	£ t	£ t.
093	062	—
096	062	—
106	0 13 8	0 6 to
1 t 6	0 13 8	0 ;j a
to 6	0 is	0 6 10
t 1 6	0 ?$ 8	078  i
0 t 6	—	006
0 tg	91; 0	0 6 €
to 6	0 r s0	0 6 it
0 3 6		I 0 1 a



Google

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Permanent.		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Wood—Oak Timber, continued.  - - of all Sorts not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or other wife charged with Duty, being 8 Inches fquare or up-, wards,  - - imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Load, con-	£	£ s. d.	£• t. d.
taining 50 Cubic Feet -- not imported in a Britifh-built Ship, the Load, containing 50 Cubic	106	© 13 8	061©
Feet - .  - - of all Sorts not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or , otherwife charged with Duty, of the Growth and Production of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported dire&ly from thence, being 8 Inches , fquare or upwards, tjie Load,	1 1 6	0 13 8	073
containing 50 Cubic Feet -For the Conditions, Regulations and ReftriCtions, under which Timber, fit for naval Purpofes, of the Growth or Produce of any Britifh Colony or Plantation in North America may be imported from thence Duty free. See 46 Geo. 3. cap. 117. continued by 48 Geo. 3. cap. 19. until 25th March 1810.  — — Ufer8, viz.  • - under 5 Inches fquare and under 24 Feet in Length,  - - imported in a Britifh-built	0 1 6		906
Ship, the 120 -- - not imported in a Britifh-	2 J7 J	1 18 2	0 19 1
built Ship, the 120 - - 5 Inches fquare and under 8 Inches fquare, or if 24 Feet in Length or upwards,  • - imported in a Britifh-built	* 18 )	1 18 2	0 19 s
Ship, the 120 - - not imported in a Britifh-	7 13 9	52 6	xiiS
built Ship, the 120 *• • of the Growth and Produ&ion "of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence,	7 16 6	S * *	2 12 2



Google

A.D. 1809.

490 GEO. III.

0.98.

355

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Wood—Ufers, continued.

of all Sorts under 8 Inches fquare, the 120 -—	Wainfcot Logs, viz.

-	- being 8 Inches fquare or up-

wards,

-	- imported in a Bri:ifh-built

Ship, the Load con-0	taining	50 Cubic Feet -

-	- not imported in a Britifh-

built Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

-	- of the Growth and Produ&ion

of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported dife6Uy from thence, being 8 Inches fquare or upwards, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet

--------Yards,	See	Mafts.

Wood, unmanufa&ured, of the Growth and Produ&ion of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, not particularly* enumerated or de-fcribed, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every 1001, of the Value	-	-

Wood, unmanufa&ured, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or other-wife charged with Duty, for every iool. of the Value

-	- imported in a Britifh-built Ship

-	not imported in a Britifh-built

Ship ... For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which Mahogany, Staves, Timber, and other Wood, may be fecured in approved Places, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 13a. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.

Wood Afhes, See Afhes.

Wood Scoops, See Scoops.

Wooden Clocks, Clocks.

Wool, viz.

■■ Beaver Wool, the lb.

- - cut and combed (except combed in Kuffia, and imported from Aa %

Permanent.

Duty.

£ t. a o 10	3

1 8

1 9 3

036

i'J 9

20	o o

21	00

010

Drawback.

£ 2, d

o 18 10

o 18 10

Temporary or

War Duty.

£ 7. 7

035

095

099

• I *

13 6 8

13	6	8

1 4 1

6	13 4

7	© •

004

 v^ooQle

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Permanent.		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Wool—Beaver Wool, continued.  thence in a Britifb-built Ship)	£ /. d	£ t. d.	e£ s. ed.
the lb.  — — Carmenia Wool, Set Goat Hair in Hair.	1 I 6		0 7 a
			 Coney Wool, the lb.  -■ — Cotton Wool, viz.  - - imported in a Britifh-built Ship,	003		0 0 X
the 100 lbs. -- - not imported in a Britifh-built	087		0 8 4
Ship, the 100 lbs.  For the Conditions, Regulations, and 9 Reftri&ions under which Cotton Wool may be fecured in Warehoufes withorut Payment: of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. c. 137. and 48 Geo 3. cap. 126^  —-— Goats. Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair.	0172		084
—? Hares Wool, the cwt.  	Lamb!s Wool, 5m Sheep’s Wool.  	Oftricji or Eftrich Wool,  - • imported in a Britifh-built Ship,	0 13 9		0 4 7
the cwt-  - - not imported in a Britifh-built	050	—	018
Ship, the cwt.	0 10 0	—	0 3 4
■—— Polonia Wool, the cwt.	. O 5 Q	_	1 0 1 8
— ■ Red Wool, the cwt.  	Sheep* s Wool or Lamb’s Wool, the	050		 .	018
cwt. - -	O^O		018
	— Spanifh Wool, the cwt.  	Turkey Goat’s Wool, See Goat Hair  in Hair.  Note.—His Majefty is authorized to permit, by Qrd$r in Council, Wool (except Cotton Wool) to be imported into Great Biitain in any toreigp Ship or VefFel, on Payment of fuch Duties as are due and payable thereon when imported in a Britifh-built Ship, See 44 Geo. 3* cap. 29. revived and continued by 45 Geo. 3, cap. 80. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 29. and by 4R Geo. 3. cap. 24. further continued until Three Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.	050	r	0 1 8
Woollen Cloths, all Manner of, tho Yard. -Woollen Stuffs, See Stuffs.  ■	Yam, See Yarn.	1 t 6	m+m	*



SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Permanent.		Temporary  Af
	Duty.	Drawback.	fir  War Duty.
Worm Seed, See Seed. Worfted Tapes, See Tapes.* » — ■ — Yarn, See Yarn.  Y.  Yards, See Mafts, in Wood. Yarn, viz.	s6i /. d.	£ /. d.	£ /. d.
•	Cable Yam, the cwt.	0 13 6		046
	Camel or Mohair Yam, the lb. -	010	OOB	004
— Cotton Yam, the lb.  For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which Cotton Yam and Mohair Yarn may be fe-cured in Warehouses witliout Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 13a. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87. 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. and48 Geo. 3. cap. 126.  —- Cotton Yam, of the Manufa&ure of the Ifle of Man, See Man, Iile of.	006		002
— — Grograii Yam, the lb.  			 Raw Linen Yam, made of Flax,  - - imported in a Britifh-built Ship,	010	0 08	004
the cwt. - -- - not imported in a Britifh-built	00 6	—	0 0 2
Ship, the cwt. p ■ ■ ■ Raw Linen Yam, not made of Flax,  - - imported in a Britifh-built Ship,	0 13 0	-	0 4 4
the cwt.  • - not imported in a Britifh-built	0 2 6		O  O  M  •
Ship, the cwt.  Note.—Raw Linen Yam may be imported in Ships not Britifh-built, during the War and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, on Payment of the fame Duty, as if imported in Britifh-built Ships, See the Adi to which this Schedule is annexed.	0 15 0		0 $ •
«— Wick Yam, the cwt.;	2 16 0	...	0 18 f
■	Woollen or Bay Yar$, the cwt.  — Worfted Yarn, being of Two or more Threads, twitted or thrown.	0 19 0		064  %
the IB. - -— of ahy other Sort, nbt particularly enumerated or def<£ribed> or other-v wife charged with Duty, for every iool. of tnfe Value Y^loW Blrtries, Be^riei.  Aa 3	010		004
	37 10 0		is 19 •



Google

35&	C98.' 490 GEO. in. A,D.	1809.

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Permanent.		T emporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
z	£ s. d.	£ s. d	S, dim
Zaffre, for every icol. of the Value Ztdoaria, imported dire&ly from the Place	20 0 o’	13 6 8	<5 13 4
of its Growth, ti e lb.  —■ not imported dire&ly from the	0 0 9	0.0 6	003
Place of its Growth, the lb. -Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not otherwife enumerated or deferibed, prohibited to be worn or ufed in Great Britain, imported from Europe under Licence for Exportation to Africa, for every jool. of	016	010	0 0 6
the Value -For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which fuch Goods may be fo imported. See 5 Geo. 3. cap. 30.  Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being either in part or wholly manufactured, ana not being enumerated or deferibed, or otherwife charged with Duty, and not prohibited to be imported into or ufed in Great Britain, for every 100I. of the Value  G^ds, Wares, and Merchandize, not being either in part or wholly manufactured, and not being enumerated or def.ribed, or otherwife charged with Duty, and not prohibited to be imported into or ufed in Great Britain, for every iool. of the	2-10-0		O l6 8  J
	37 *° ©		12I© O .
Value	2n 0 0	13 6 8	6 '3 4

SCHEDULE (A.) OUTWARDS.

OUTWARDS.	Permanent  Duty.	Temporary  er  War Duty.
FOREIGN.	£ s. d.	£ s. d.
Agaritf, vh.  —	rough or untrimmed, the lb. - -	0 0 i-i	0 0 oi
	 trimmed or pared, the lb. - -  Ammoniacum Sal, See Sal Ammoniacus.  Annotto, the lb. - - - \	0/0 0 0	00 li 0 0 oi
Antimonium crudum, the cwt. - • -	0 0 4^	© 0
Aquaefortis, the Gallon - - -  >	1 0 Mi	0 0



SCHEDULE (A.)—OUTWARDS.

Foreign, continued.

Arabic Gum, Sec Gum.

Argol, the cwt.	-	-	-

Arlenic, the cwt.

Bay Berries, the cwt. -	-

Beaver Skin*, the Skin or Piece of Skin

--------Wool, See Wool.

Brazil Wood,	)	c w »

Brazilletto or Jamaica Wood, J ee 0	*

Calaminaris Lapis, See Lapis Calaminaris.

Cochineal, the lb.	-	-	*

Cream of Tartar, the cwt.

Faitic, See Wood.

Galls, the cwt.	-

Gem Sal, Sal.

Guinea Wood, See Red Wood in Wood.

Gum, viz,

-------Arabic, the cwt.

—	Senega, the cwt.

------ Stic Lac, the cwt.

Jamaica Wood, See Brazilletto Wood in Wood.

Indigo, Eaft India, See,Table (B).

IGnglak, the cwt.	-	-	■

Lapis Caliminaris, for every 100I. of the Value

' Litmus, the cwt.	•	-	-

Logwood, See Wood.

Madder, the cwt.	-	-

—	---- Root, the cwt.	-	-

Nicaragua .Wood, &*Wood.

Orehal, the cwt.	-	•

Orchelia, the cwt.	-	-

Pomegranate Peels, the cwt.

Red or Guinea Wood, See Wood.

Safflower, the lb.	-	-

Sal, viz.

—	Ammoniacus, the cwt.	-	•	.

— Gem, the cwt.	• •	.

Sapan Wood, See Wood.

Saunders, red, the cwt.

Senega Gum, See Qura.

Shumac Or Sumach, the cwt.

Stick Lac, See Gum.

Tonnage Duty on Ships or Veffels entering outwards

(except in £allaft)in any Port of Great Britain fpr Foreign Parts, See Table (D).

Tornfal orTurnfole, the cwt.

Vaionia, the cwt.	-

Verdegris, the lb.	1	.	.

Wood, viz.	■	*

■■■ Brazil Wood, the cwt. -	-	■	*

A a 4

Permanent

Duty.

£

d.

009

049

003

009

o o 4i o * d

I 16 9 066 049

01^

600

009

1

4

2 o o

OOI^

049

049

o o xo£

o 06

049 046 00	1^

# 1 3

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ s. d

003

0	1	7	.

o	o	I

0	0	9

0 0,1

00$

o ia 3 o z a o 1	7

o

2

O

O

o

o

o

o

O o

o

o

o

o

4

d

4 7

5 3 %

°i

7

7

3!

%

o 1 7 o 1 6 O O o£

0	0	t

 v^ooQle

49® GEO. m,

A.D. 1809

C.98.

SCHEDULE (A.)-outwards.	Permanent.  Duty.	Temporary  or  War Duty.
Foreign, continued.	d£ /. d	s£ S. dm
Wood, continued  		Brazilletto or Jamaica Wood, the cwt* *	009	0 0 3
* 	 Fuftick, the cwt. ...	003	0 0 x
■ Logwood, the cwt. • -  For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ioog under which Logwood may be exported in Britifh-built hips, Duty free, See 7 Geo. 3. cap. 47.  —		Nicaragua Wood, the Ton, containing ao cwt.  -		Red, or Guinea Wood, the cwt. -	013  050  010	0 0 i  0 1 & 004
- - £>apan Wood, the cwt. •	006	002
Wool. viz.  ■ ■■ Beaver Wool, the lb. -	0  Ia  O	* < ft
BRITISH.  ATum, the cwt. -  Badger Skins, See Skins.  Bulfs &*4Hair.  Calaminaris Lapi, See Lapis Calaminaris.  Calve Skins, Sec Skins.  Cards, viz.  —	new Wool Cards, the Dozen •  —- old Wool Cards, the Dozen  Cat Skins, See Skins.  Coals ufually fold by Meafure, viz.  —	exported to the Ifle of Man, the Chalder, Win-  chefter Meafure - - •	O 1 s  009  006  0x6	T  O O x
• - to any Britifh Colony or Plantation in America, the Chalder, Winchefter Meafure	o*6	® • J  * 1 5
—exported to any of the Territories of the United States of America,  • - in a Britifh-built Ship, the Chalder, Newcaftle Meafure -	0 xy 0	
• - not in a Britifh-built Ship, the Chalder, Newcaftle Meafure •	1 10 3	0 % 6
- - to any other Place,  - - in a Britifh-built Ship, the Chalder, New caftle Meafure - -	1 * 0	0 1 10
• - not in a Britifh-built Ship, the Chalder, Newcaftle Meafure	I K 1	0 $ 0
—111,111 exported in certain Quantities from the Ports of Newcaftle and Swanfea to the Iflands of Guern-fey, Jerfey, and Alderney, the Chalder, Newcaftle Meafure -	one	e i •
For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which Coals may be fo exported. See 6 Geo. $. cap. 40.  Coals ,pfually fold by Weight, viz.  — exported to the llle of Man, the Ton, Containing ZQ cwt. » » - „	• 0 0 i	0 * 1



SCHEDULE (A.)—OUTWARDS.

British, continued.

Coals ufually fold by Weight, continued,

«—» exported to any Bntift Colony or Plantation in America, ttie Ton, containing 20 cwt. t - to any of the Territories of the United States qf America# f - in a Britiflh-built Ship, the Ton, con* taining 20 cwt.

•	• not in a Britifh-built Ship, the Ton, con*

taining 2$ cwt. v * to any other Place,

- - in a Britilh-built Ship, the Ton, containing ao cwt.	-

•	- not m a Brkifli-built Ship the Ton, con*

taining 20 cwt.	•	•

Coney Skins, See Skins.

Copperas, for every tool, of the Value	+	*

Cow Hair, See Ox Hair in Hair.

Culm,

r---- exported to the Ifle of Man, the Chalder, Winchester Meafure	-

- - to any Britiih Colony or Plantation in America* the Chalder, Winchefter Meafure

•	• to any of the Territories of the United States

of America,

•	- in a Britsih-bmlt Ship, the Chalder, New.

caftle Meafure •> * net in a Britifli-huilt Ship, the Chalder Newcaftlt Meafure

•	- to any other Place,

•	* in a Britifh-built Ship, the Chalder, New

caftle Meafure	*	*

•	- not in a Brittth-bailt Ship, the Chalder

NewcalUe Meafure

( S.SK-

Geldings, See Horfes.

Glue, the cwt.	-	-	'	•

Hair, vi*.

—— Bull, Cow, or Ox, the cwt.

-----Hart, the cwt.	-

Horfe, the cwt.	«-	•

*— not particularly enumerated or described and not prohibited to be exported, for every tool, of the Value	-	-	*	*

Hart Hair, ) n t t •

Horfe Hair, }&fHalr-

Horfes, Marts, or Geldings^ each *	•

Kid Skins, See Skins. j ’	i

Lamb Skins, See Sheep Skins in Skins;

Permanent  Duty.	Temporary  or  War Duty.
£ *. d.	£ *
	r
0 1 S	• 0 4
059	o 0 6
0 to 0	0 0 IS
079	opS
0 zx 0	0 10
6 00	—
006	—
ozo	—
04 6	
0 8 0	—
060	—
0 10 0	•—
0 t 0	—
t> tt *6	•>
020	
0 7 4	—fc
6 0 0	-
220	
	-



SCHEDULE (A.)—OUTWARDS.

British, continued.

Lapis Calaminaris, for every 100I. of the Value Lead, caft oruncaft, the Tort containing 20 cwt.

>■■■»■■ Oret for every 100L of the Value Leather, of all Sorts, tanned, tawed, or drefied, the cwt. Litharge of Lead, the cwt.	-	-

Mares, See Horfes.

Otter Skins, See Skins.

Ox Hair, See Hair.

SheepSkins, See Skins.

Skins, *vhc.

' - ■ Badger Skins, the Skin -	-

—— Calve Skins, tanned, tawed, or drefied, the cwt. —Cat Skins, the 100 Skins —- Coney Skins, drefied or tawed, the 120 Skins ■ ■■■ Dog Skins, the Dozen Skins —— Fox Skins, the Skin -—-  Kid Skins in the Hair, the 100 Skins

-	- drefTed, the 100 Skins —— Otter Skins, raw, the Skin

-	- tawed or drefied, the Skin

— - » Sheep and Lamb Skins, tawed or drefied without Wool, the 120 Skins	-

- - tanned, the cwt.	-

» — Squirrel Skins, the ioqo Skins	-

----- Swan Skins, the Skin	-

Skins or Pieces of Skins, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, and not prohibited to be exported, for every iool. of the Value

Tin, unwrought, the cwt.	-

For the Conditions, Regulations, end Reftri&ions _ under which Tin unwrought may be exported to Countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope with-out Payment of this Duty, See 30 Geo. 3. cap. 4. Tonnage Duty on Ships or Vefiels entering, outwards _ (except in Ballaft) in any Port of Great Britain for Foreign Parts, See Table (D.)

Wool Cards, See Cards.

The following Duties are alfo to be paid on Goods of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, exported from thence, viz.

Goods* Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain (except as herein-after mentioned) exported to any Part of Eijppe, or to any Port or Place within the Streights of Gibraltar, for every iool. of the true and real Value thereof	-	~

Permanent

Duty.

£	d.
6	0 0
3	10 0
6	O/ 0
0	1 4
0	0 4

0	0	1
0	1	4
0	1	8
0	1	4
0	0	2
0	0	1
0	0	8
0	0	10
0	0	1
0	0	2
0	3	0
0	1	4
0	3	0
0	0	2
6	0	0

038

0 10 o

T emporary or

War Duty. £ s. d

I 0	€>



SCHEDULE (A.) —OUTWARDS.

British9 continued Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain (except as herein-after mentioned) exported to any Port or Place whatever, not being in Europe, or within the Streights of Gibraltar, or within the Limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, for every iool. of the true and real Value thereof Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of Great Britain (except as herein-after mentioned) exported to any Port or Place whatever, being within the Limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, for every iool. pf the true and real Value thereof

For the Conditions, Rules, and Regulations under which thefe Duties may be fecured by Bond, See the A& to which this Schedule is annexed.

Permanent

Duty.

j£ 4. *

100

Temporary or

War Duty,

£ s. J.

3 © *>

40©

Except,

Bullion.

Cotton Yarn, or other Cotton Manufactures, being of the Manufacture of Great Britain.

Linen of the Manufacture of any Part of the United Kingdom.

Melafles.

Sugar refined of all Sorts, and Sugar called Candy.

Goods, Wares and Merchandize, exported from Great Britain to the Ifle of Man, by virtue of and under the Authority of any Licence which the Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms in Eng-and, or Scotland, or any Three or more of them, are or may be authorized and empowered to grant.

Any Sort of Craft, Food, Victuals, Cloathing, or Implements or VI aterials neceflary for the Britifh Fifheries eftabliflied in the Maud of Newfoundland, or in any of His Majefty’s Colonies, Iflands, or Plantations in North America, on due Entry thereof, and exported from Great Britain to the faid Colonies, [(lands, or Plantations.

Woollen Goods, of the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charters of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to.the •	Eaft	Indies.

Military Stores exported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies.



Google

A.D. 1809,

SCHEDULE (A.)

COASTWISE.

COASTWISE.	Permane.nt.		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Cinders made of Pit Coal brought Coaftwifc from any R>rt or Place in Great Britain, into any other Port or Place in England or Wales, the Chalder, Winchefter Mea-	£ s. J.	£ s. d.	*£ s. d,
fart -* *.  For the Duties on Cinders brought by the Grand Junction and Paddington Canals to London, See Coals To brought.  Coals (except Charcoal made of Wood) brought Coaftwife frotn any Port or Place in Great Britain into the Port of London, viz.  «*— in cafe they are fuch as are moll ufually fold by Weight, the Ton	060		O a »
containing 20 cwt. in cafe they are filth as are mod ufually fold by Meafure, the Chal-	0 76	040	026
der, Winchefter Meafure For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which a Quantity of Coals, Culm, and Cinders, not exceeding 50,000 Ton® in the Whole, may b* brought, within One Year, by the Grand Jun&ion and Padding* ton Canals to London, on Payment of the following Duty, See 45 Geo. 3. cap. i|8. continued by 46 Geo. 3. cap. 104. 47 Geo. 3, Seff. I. cap. 134. and by 48 Geo. 3. cap. 95. further continued to the ift Auguft i8u,viz.  —1fFor evety Ton of Coals, Culm, and	094	© $ 10	032
Cinders fo brought A further Duty of is. 3d. per Ton on Coals, Culm and Cinders fo brought is alfo payable to the proper Officer of the Cuftoms, and at the End of every Quarter is to be paid to the Corporation of London ia Heu of the Duty tailed Orphans’ Duty, and of all other Ratos, Dues and Duties payable to that Corporation upon Coals, Cuim, or Cinders imported into the Port of Loudon, Set 45 Geo. 3. cap. 12®. continued by	® 7 6  !	1	c a 6  •  1



SCHEDULE (A.)—COASTWISE.

Coal&c. continued.

46 Geo. 3. cap. 104. 47 Geo. 3. Seff. i. cap. 134. and by 48 Geo. 3. cap. 95. further continued to the lit Auguft 1811.

Coals, (except Charcoal made of Wood) brought Coaftwife from any Part or Place in Great Britain iuto any other Port or Place in England or Wales, (except the Port of London,) viz.

—— in cafe they are fucli as are molt ufually fold by Weight, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

-----in cafe they are fuch as are molt

ufually fold by Meafure, the Chal-der, Winchefter Meafure Coals fent Coaftwife from the Port of Newcaftle-upon-Tync to any other Port or Place in Great Britain, the Chalder, Newcaftle Meafure —	■ brought Coaftwife into the Port of

London for the Ufe of the Royal Hofpital at Chelfea, not exceeding 100 Chalders in any One Year, the Chalder, Winchefter Meafure For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which the Duties on Coals brought Coaftwife, or from any Port or Place to any other Port or Place within Great britain, may be fecured by Bond, Set 27 Geo. 3. cap. 32.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which Coals may be carried from Ellenfoot to Baals End in the County of Cumberland, or from any Creels or Place to any other Creek or Place between Ellenfoot and Bankend, without Payment of any Duty of Cuftoms, See 8 Geo. 1. cap. 14.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which all the Duties on Coals ufed for melting Copper and Tin Ores within the Counties of Cornwall and Devon (hall be repaid, Sa 9 Ann. cap. 6. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which all the Duties on Coals Which (hall be. ufed

Duty. Drawback.

sS 4. ei

040

060

010

060

£ s. d.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

^ a. dL

03$

o f 6

o	» +

0*0

.04

a	t o



Google

SCHEDULE (A.)- COASTWISE.

Cods font Coaftwife, &c. continued.

in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Tin and Copper within the County of Cornwall (ball be repaid. See 14 Geo. 2. cap. 41.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which all the Duties on Coals ufed in calcining or fmelting Copper and Lead Ores, within the Ifle of Anglefey, or which (hall be ufed in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Copper and Lead within the faid Me (hall be repaid, See 26 Geo. 3. cap. 104. and 43 Geo. 3. cap. 68. [§24.]*

For the Conditions, Regulations,'and Reftri&ions under which all the Duties on Coals ufed for any Purpofe relating to the carrying on the . Works forthemanufa&uring of Tin Plates, and for other Purpofes at Penoygored in the County of Pembroke, called the Penny gored W orks, (hall be repaid, provided the Amount thereof (haH not exceed 1000L in any One Year, See 35 Geo. cap. 39.

Culm, brought Coaftwife from any Port or Place m Great Britain into the Port of London, the Chalder, Winchefter Measure	-	-

—■ ■ For tl*e Duties on Culm brought by the Grand Junction and Paddington Canals to London, See Coals fo brought.

■---- To be ufed for the burning of Lime

carried in any Veffel or Boat, not exceeding 30 Tons Burthen, from any Place within the Limits of the Port of Milford in the County of Pembroke to any other Place ^rithin the Counties of Pembroke, Carmarthen, Cardigan, or Merioneth, the Chalder, Winchefter ^ Meafure

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which Culm may be fo carried, See 33 Geo. 2. cap. ij.

brought Coaftwife from any Port or Place in Great Britain into any •	G.	S.c.81.]

Permanent.		Temporary  or  War Duty.
Duty.	Drawback.	
sS /. d.	£ t. d.	£ d.
050	0 1 5	0 1 8
© 1 3	—	005

 LjOOQle

49° GEO. ilL

C.98.

A.D;i8o9.

3^7

SCHEDULE (A )—COASTWISE.

Culm, continued.

other Port or Place in England or Wales (except the Port of London and except Culm carried from Milford as before-mentioned) the Chalder, Winchefter Meafure Cinders, Coals, and Culm, carried from any Part of the Lancafter Canal or any of the Branches thereof, or from any Part or Place within the Hundred of Lonfdale in the County of Lancafter into the Ul-verftone Canal acrofs or along the Bay or Eftuary feparating the Two Canals, are not liable to any Duty of CtCftoms Cinders, Coals, and Culm, (hipped Coaft-wife at any Port in Great Britain, and delivered in any Part beyond the Seas before the Duties due on the Exportation thereof (hall have been paid, the Matter of the Veflel (hall not be permitted again to enter or clear out at any Port in Great Britain until he (hall have paid not only the Duties due on the Exportation of fuch Cinders, Coals, and Cuhn, but in Addition thereto for every Chalder thereof fo entered Coaft wife, Winchefter Meafure For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which the faid Duty of Three Shillings the Chalder (hall be repaid. See 25 Geo: 5. cap. 54.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Rettri&ions under which Coals and Culm may be carried on the Mon-mouth (hire Canal, and afterwards * carried or conveyed from any Port or Place to the Eaftward of the Klands called the Holmes, to any other Port or Place in or upon the River Severn, alfo to the Eattward of the faid Klands without patting to the Weft ward thereof, without Payment of Duty, See 3 7 Geo. 3. cap. 100.; and for the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which Coals and Culm may be carried or conveyed on the Monmouthttiire Canal, or on any of the Railways or Tramroads conne&ed therewith, and afterwards to the Port of Bridgewater only by a Paflage to

Duty.

£ S.

Drawback.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

d:

£

s•

d.

£

1.

d

o I 3

a x 2

005

030



Google

SCHEDULE (A.)—COASTWISE.

Duty. Drawback*

Cinders, Co A, and Culm, &c. continued.

the Weftward of the I (lands called the Holmes, notwithftanding the ReftriCtions before-mentioned, without Payment of Duty, See 43 Geo. y. cap. 1 ec. of the Public Local and Perfenal Ads.

Slate, of the Production of Great Britain, brought Coaftwife frem any Port or Place within Great Britain to any other Port or Place therein (except as hereinafter mentioned), for every iool. of the Value -	-

For the Conditions, Regulations, and ReftriCtions under which any fuch Slate brought into any Port of Great Britain for the foie Purpofe of being exported from thence to Parts beyond the Seas may be entered without Payment of Duty, See 34 G. 3. cap. 51.

Stone, of the Production of Great Britain, brought Coaftwife from any Port or Place within Great Britain to any other Port or Place therein (except as Hereinafter mentioned).' for every loot of the Value	-

For the Conditions, Regulations, and ReftriCtions under which any Marble, Lime Stone, or Iron Stone whatever 5 any Stone cut or manufactured iuto Mill Stones, Grind Stones, or Whet Stones, or either of them; any* Stone manufactured or converted into Pofts and Caps fcr Corn Stacks or Mowfteads, Troughs, Gate Pofts, or othel Articles ufed for the Purpofe* of Hufbandry 5 any Growan Stone or Stone commonly called or known by the Name of Growan Stone, or Stone commonly called or known by the Name of China Stone, or any other Stone to be ufed in the Manufacture of Pbrcelain or off Pottery; or any Stones whatever cut or manufactured into Burr Stones ; and any Stones ufed for the Purpofe of Paving, or for the Purpofe of making or mending Roads, may bfe entered without Payment of Duty; See 34 Geo. cap. 51. and 39 & 40 Geo.3. cap.	.

£ t. d.

£ /. d

26 & &

26 $ o

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ /. d.

S 16 m

9 16 o

 L,ooq le

A.D.1809.	49° GEO. III.	C.98.	369

TABLE (B.)

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS * payable on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or deferibed, imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, and fecured in Warehoufes:

ALSO,

Of the Duties of Cuftoms on fuch Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, when ’ taken out of fqch Warehoufes to be ufed or con fumed in Great Britain ; together with the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation of certain of thofe Goods, Wares, and Merchandize from Great Britain.

	Permanent.		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, and fecured in Warehoufes under the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions directed and required by 39 Geo. 3. cap. t59. viz,  —	 Mullins, plain, Nanquin Cloths,  Mullins or White Callicoes flowered or Hitched, for every 1 ool.	£ /.	£ *. d.	£ t. J.
of the Value -— Plain White Callicoes, plain White Dimity, and all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, prohibited to be worn or ufed in Great Britain,	O  O  IN		a 10 a
for every tool. of the Value Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, for every	s 10 0		0 16 8
I col. of the Value	2 IO O	Mi	0 16 8
—- Sugar, for every tool, of the Value 		All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize (except Bullion, Cotton Wool, Saltpetre, and Tea) for	100		
every iool of the Value Which feveral Values (hall be ascertained according to the grofs Price at which fuch Goods refpe&ively (hall have been fold at the Public Sales of the faid Company, without any Dedu&ion or Abatement whatever.  Tor the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which the faid Duties may be fecured by Bond, ^39 Geo.3. cap. 59. . ' 1	O  O		• 13 4

# [£ee §	A6t^\

49 Geo. III.	B	b

 CjOOQle

37d	C.98.	49*	GEO.	III.	A.D.1809.

TABLE (B.)	Permanent.		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Goods, 'Wares, and Merchandize, continued.  — - — Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, fo imported and warehoufed (not being prohibited to be worn or ufed in Great Britain) may be delivered from fuch Warehouses , for the Purpofe of being ufed or confumed in Great Britain, on Payment of the following Duties of Cuftoms, exclufive of the Duties before mentioned, paid or fecured by the faid Company on warehoufing any of the faid Goods; and alfo on Payment of fuch Excife or other Duties as fhali be due or payable thereon at the Time of fuch Delivery, viz.  Almonds, viz.	£ s. d.	£ /. d.	£ t. d.
	Bitter, the cwt,  	of any other Sort, the cwt.  Aloes, viz.	loo  3 0 0	-=	0 6 S 100
~— Socotprina, the lb.	O 16		006
	- of any other Sort, fhe lb.	009	—	0 03
Alum, the cwt. -	on 0		038
	 Roch Alum, the cwt.  Amber, viz.  -		— Beads, See Beads.  —		rough, the lb. - -  fcribed, for every icol. of the	070 0 1 p	-	*  i C* O 0 0
Vaiue - - -	Sv 5 °	—-	17 i 8
Ambergris, the oz. - -Anunpniacuin Gum, See Gum Ammoni*cus.  —	— ■+ Sal, See Sal Ammoniac us.  Animi Gum, See Gum.  Anifeed, See Seed.	030	■	010
Annotto, the cwt. - -	7 50	1	084
Aquafortis, the cwt.  Arabic Gum, See Gum.  Arangoes or Arangoe Beads, for every iocl.	090		0 3 , 0
of the Value * - * Arrack, Spirits.	S3*6 3'	M •	17 18 9
Arfenic, the cwt.	O9O	—	0 3 0
Afafcetida, tfie lb. Anripigmentum, See Orpiment. Balfara, viz.	0 0 6		002
——— Artificial, the lb.	0 3 0	—	0 1 0
	Natural, the lb.  Bamboo Canes, See Cane*	0 2 6		0 0 10
Barilla, thectot. -  • [See 43 G. 3. c. 68. §41.]	086	***	O % 19



Google

TABLE (B.)

Duty. Drawback.

Temporary

or

War Duty*

Bark, viz.

—	---Jefnits Bark, See Cortex Peruvianus.

—	not ottarwife enumerated or deferred

for every 101I. of the Value Bdellium, the lb.

Beads, viz^

------ Amber Beads, the lb.

------ Arangoe Beads, See Arangoes.,

------ Coral Beads, the lb.

•-----Cry Hal Beads, the 1000

---— not otherwife enumerated or de

feribed, for every 100I. of th Value Bees Wax, See Wax.

Benjamin, the lb.

Bczoar Stones, the oz.

Books, viz.

--------bound, the cwt.

--------unbound, the cwt,.

Borax, viz,

--------refined, the lb.

-----— unrefined or Tincal, the lb.

Bottles of Green or Common Glafs full or empty, not of lefs content than one Pint, and not being Phials, the Doze* Quants	*

Brandy, See Spirits.

Bullion and foreign Coin of Gold or Silver, Duty free.

Cajaputa, Oil of, See Oil.

Cake-lac, Sv Lae in Gum.

Calaminaris jLapis, See Lapis.

Calicoes, viz,

—	Plain White Calicoes for every

100L of the Value Drawback to be allowed on Exportation of fuch of the faid Goods which Jhall have been printed, ilained, painted, or dyed, in Great iJritaifl, for every Jool. of the Value

-----White flowered or Pitched, See

Mullins.

Calve Skins, See Skins.

Canibognim, See Gamboge.

Camel Hair, See Hair.

Camphire, viz.

----- Defined, the lb,.

unrefined, the lb.

Candles of Wax, the lb.

37

o

JO

o

fo

18

5* 5

O I

O I

4

3

° 5

£ b 2

51 5

d

£ t. d

7 6

o

6

o

6

o

4*

S X. i.

12 10 O 0 0 2

0 2 6

0 3 4

0 6 0

17 1 &

004

00 6

* J 4

166

004 O O I j

o i 9

17 I 8

50 o e

O X o o 9 I

0 0 .5

v*o O- 5 o o i





TABLE (B.)

^ancs, viz.

-	— Bamboo, the 1000

-	----Rattans, (not ground Rattans,)

the 1000	-	-

------R$ed Canes, the 1000

■	'	— Walking Canes or Sticks mounted,

painted, inlaid, or otherwife ornamented or manufa&ured, for every iool. of the Value Wanghees Jumboo, Ground Rattans, Dragons Blood, and other Walking Canes or Sticks, the .	1000	-	-

Cantharides, the lb.	-	-

Caps of Cotton, for every tool, of the Value Cardamoms, the lb,	-

Carmenia Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair. Carmine, the oz.	-

Carpets, ws.

-	of Perfia, the Yard fquare

. ...of Turkey, under 4 Yards fquare,

the Carpet

-	- 4 Yards fquare and not ex-

ceeding 6 Yards fquare, the Carpet	-	-

-	- exceeding 6 Yards fquare, the

Carpet	-

Cafhew Gum, See Gum.

Caflia Buds, the lb.	-	-

•----Fiftuh, the lb.

-----Lisnea, the lb.

Caftor, ^)il°of,} S“ 0il'

Cayenne Pepper, See Pepper.

Chemical Oil, See Oil.

China Root, the lb.

China Ware, for every iool. of the Value Cinnabar, See Vermillion.

Cinnabaris Nativa, the lb.

Cinnamon, the lb.

■	. ■ — Oil of> See Oik

Cloves, the lb.	-	-

------Oil of, See Oil.

Cochineal, the lb. * •	-

---------Dull,	the	lb.

Cocoa Nuts* the lb.	•	-

Subie& alfo to a Duty of Exdfe. Coculus Indus, the lb.	•

Coffee, the lb.

Subject alfo tQ a Dmty of Exttfe.

6

Permanent.

Duty.

£ x. J.

xi 6

1	1	6

0169

5x 5 o

2 10 o 0 2 0 54 o o

0	1	3

026

1	xo 9

o 15 o

300 500 O x O

006

016

009

82 o o

O i 3

O I €

3 6

006 00 0 O 3:

o; f 6

Drawback.

£ x. d.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ /. & 9	7	*

o 7 ^ * o 5 7

17	1	»

o iM

00#

18	o o

005

o O 19

0	xo 3 050

1	o •

I 13 4

004

00*

006

003 27 6 S

005

006

o 1 %

00 * o o o| o o i>

O 6	&

O Q 1



TABLE (B.)	Permanent.		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Coin, Foreign, of Gold or Silver, See Bullion.	£ x. d.	£ s. d.	e£ x. d.
Colocynth, See Coloquintida. Coloquintida or Colocynth, the lb.	019		004
Colours for Painters, See Painters Colours. Col umbo Root, the lb.	OIO		0 0 4
Con tray ervae Lapis, See Lapis.  		Radix, Sec Radix.  Copal Gum, See Gum.  Copper, viz.  —*	Ore, the cwt.	006'		• 0 2
	old, fit only to be re-manufa&ured,  the cwt. - -	059		0 1 11
- - Copper in Bricks or Pigs, Rofe Copper, and all call Copper, the cwt.	059		0 I if
- - Copper in Plates and Copper Coin, the cwt.	096		03a
—	 part wrought, viz, Bars; Rods, or  Ingots, hammered or raifed, the cwt. -	0 19 I		0 65
wife enumerated or defcribed. Copper enamelled, and Copper Plates engraved, for every 100L of the Value	31 * $ 0		I? I •
Coral, viz.  	Beads, See Beads.  - '■ in Fragments, the lb.  —r	 whole polifhed, the lb.  - - unpolifhed, the lb.	0 0 7$ 076 Q 3 6	—	0 0 a} 026 0 1 a
Coriander Seed, See Seed.  Cprtex Peruvian us or Jefuits Bark, the lb. -	013	_	*6 0 5
Coftos, the lb. -	• 0 7i	—	0 0 2^
Cotton, viz.  — Manufa&ures of, not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, for every iool. of the Value	54 0 0		18 0 •
- —— Thread, See Thread.  	Wool, Wool.  	Yarn, See Yarn.  Cowries, for every iool. of the Value*	53 16 3		17 x8 9
Cryftal Beads, See Beads. Cubebs, tlie lb. -	o • 6		0 0 2
Cummin Seed, See Seed.  Dyagrydium, See Scammony.  Diamonds, Duty free.  Dimity, viz.  —»j■ ■ Plain White Dimity, for every iool. of the Value	ji 5 c		17 x 8

* [Sc# 43 G. 3. c. 69. I v J

Bb 3



Google

	Permanent.		Temporary
TABLE (B.)	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Dimity, continued	M s. d.	£ /. d.	s. d.
Drawback to be allowed on the Importation of fuch of the faid Goods which (hall have been printed,, ftainled, painted, or ayed in Great Britain, for every look of the Value Dog Skins, See Skins.  Drawings coloured, each	020	V»  O  1 0 0	© 0 % 8
—■ ■ plain, each -Drugs, on which fpecific Duiies are payable' according to the Quantity, See the fcveral Articles in Alphabetical Courfe.  ——■ maniifa&ured, not particularly enu-merated or defcribed or otherwife charged with Duty, for every iool. of the Value	0 i 0  51 5 0		004  17 x %
		 unmUnufa&ured, not particularly  enumerated or defcribed or other-wife charged with Duty, for every ioal, of the Value -	31 10 0		**  1-*  Q  Q
Earthen ware, See China.  Ebony, See Wood.  ElemiGum. See Gum.  Elephants €'eeth, the cwt. -	2 *o 0		0 16 8
Elk Skin£, See Skins.  Emeralds, Rubies, and all other Precious Stones and Jewels (except Dia-monds)‘for every 1O0I; of the Value	IO €> O		368
Feathers, uzt  * ■■ —- Oftrich Feather^ dreffed, the lb. - * undrefied, the lb.	I 15 O 6 IO O		0 ir 8 0 3 4
6f the Value	37 10 0		12 10 ©
Flax, rough 6r undrefled, the cwt.	603	—	001
Foreft Seed, See Seed. Furs,* See Skin6. Galanga, the lb.	0 0 3		001
Galbanum, the lb.	009	—	003
Galls, the cwt. - -	070	•—	024
Gamboge, the lb. • *	© I O	—	0 0 ’ 4 *
Garden Seed, See Seed.  Garnet, •viz.  —— ■■ - cut, the lb. -  			 rough, the lb. -  Gem Sal, Set Sal.  Geneva, See Spirits.  Ginger, theOwt. - • •	0176 0 60  0 14 6	—	0 5 10 020  0 4 10
— ■ preferred, the lb. ■	0 2 0	—	008



Google

TABLE (B.)

Ginfeng, the lb.	•

Glafs, viz.

•----- Bottles, See Bottles.

-----broken, fit only to be remanufactured, the cwt,

—	rough Plate Glafs, and giound or

polifhed Plate or Crown Glafs, for every lool. of the Value and befides for every Foot fuperficial Meafure	-

- Manufactures of, not otherwife enumerated or deferibed, for every iool. of the Value —Paintings on Glafs, for every iool. of the Value Glafs is fubjeCt alfo to a Duty of Excife.

Goat Hair, See Hair.

Gold Coin, See Bullion.

----Plate, See Plate.

Gramlla, the lb. -Gum, viz.

------Ammoniacus, the lb.

—	— Animi, the lb.

-----Arabic, the cwt.

—■ «■ Caftiew, the cwt.

—	■ ■ ■- Copal, the lb. -	-

------Elenai, the lb.

—— Juniper, See Gum Sandrake.

-----Lac, viz.

-	- Cake Lac, the lb. -

-	- Shellac, or Seed Lac, the lb. *

-	- Stick Lac, the cwt*

—	— Opoponax, the lb.

—	- * ■ Sagapenum* the lb.

—	---Sandrake or Juniper, the cwt.

—	- Sarcocolla, the lb.

-—— Senega, the cwt.

—	" Tragacantb, the lb.

——— not otherwife enumerated or deferibed, for every iool. of the Value Hair, viz.

——— Camel, the lb.

—Goat or Carmenia Wool, the lb. -—— Human, the lb.

Handkerchiefs, of Silk printed, ftained, painted, or dyed, for every iool. of the Value

Bb 4

Permanent.				Temporary  or  War Duty.		
Duty,			Drawback.			
£	s.	d.	£ s. d.	£	s.	d.
0	0	io|		0	0	3i
0	2	0	—	0	0	8
7*		0		*3	18	4
0	2	6			—	
7*	*5	0	—	23	18	4
5*	5	0	1	l?	X	8
* 0	0	3		0	0	1
0	0	9	• —	0	0	3
0	0	6		0	0	2
0	7	6		0	2	6
0	4	6	—	0	X	6
0	1	0	—	0	O	4
0	0	4*		0	O	ii
0	0	3	....	0	O	X
0	0	4i	—	0	0	*£
0	5	0		0	I	8
0	2	3	—	0	0	9
0	0	6	—	0	0	2
0	12	0	—	0	4	•
0	0	6	—*	0	0	2
0	7	6	—	0	2	6
0	0	It		0	0	*£
37	10	0	—	12	10	0
0	1	0	MM	0	0	4
0	0	3	—	0	b	1
6	3	0		0	1	0
*5	12	6	mim	8	10	<•



TABLE (B.)	Permanent.	
	Duty.	Drawback.
Handkerchiefs, &c. continued.  For the Conditions, Regulations, and ReftriCtions under which Silk Handkerchiefs may be admitted to Entry for Home Confumption, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. <58.  Hemp, rough or undrefTed, or any other Vegetable Subftance of the Nature and Quality of undrefTed Hemp, and applicable to the fame Pur-	£ /. d.  1	£ /. rf.
pofes, the Ton containing 20 cwt. Hides, <viz.  ~ Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in	O  vn  0	
any Way drefTed, the Hide - - tanned and not otherwife drefledi	006	—
the lb.*  	 		—» Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, in the  Hair, not tanned or in any Way	•r>.  O  O	
drefTed, the Hide - - tanned, and not otherwife drefTed,	0 a 6	—
the lb.  ■ ■■■—— or Pieces of Hides, ra,w or undrefTed, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwife charged with Duty, for every iool. of the	0 0 7$	
Value -* —— or Pieces 6f Hides, tanned, tawed, or in airy Way drefTed, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwife charged with Duty,	U»  O  O  O	
for every iool. of the Value Homs, viz.  ~	Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox, the 100  - manufactured, for every iool. of the	90 O O O36	M *
Value  * ■ « unmanufactured, not otherwife enumerated or deferibed, for every	Sl 5 0	111
iool. of the Value •	20 0 0	—
Horfes, Mares, or Geldings, each Human Hair, See Hair.  HufTe Skins, See Skins.	440	
Japanned Ware, for every iool. of the Value Jefuits Bark, See Bark.  Jewels, See Emeralds.	5* 5 °*	“
Indigo, the 100 lbs. - -  This Duty on Indigo is payable when taken out of the Warehoufe either for Exportation or to be ufed in Great Britain.	010 9	

Temporary

or

War Duty. £ s. d.

018

o ©	%

0 0 2 •

0 0 2 O O 2$

fo o o

30 o o

0	I 2

17	18

<513 *

1	*	.

17 1	8

o 3 1

 ^ooQle



TABLE (B.)	Permanent.		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Iris Root, See Orrice.	£ s. d.	£ /. d.	£ 4. J.
Juniper Gum, See Gum Sandrake.  Knubs of Silk, Set Silk.  Lac, See Gum.  Lacquered Ware, for every 100L of the Value -	51 5 °		17 1 S
Lamb’s Wool, See Sheep’s Wool in Wool. Lapis, viz.  	Calaminaris, the cwt. -	050		0x8
-*	Contrayervar, the oz.  	Lazuli, the lb.	013  020	—	00c  008
	Tutiae, the lb.	0 0 42		0 0 if
Lazuli Lapis, See Lapis.  Lead, w.  —— White Lead, the cwt. -	0 6 6		0 2%
Leopard Skins, See Skins. Linfced, Oil of, See Oil.  Long Pepper, See Pepper. Mace, the lb. - -	059		O I XI
	Oil of, See Oil.*  Madder Root, the cwt.	0 3 0		0X0
Mangoes, the Gallon - -	030	_	OIO
Manna, the lb.	0 0^ 9		003
Maps, the Piece -	0 0 9 „	_	OOJ
Martin Skins, See Skin6. Maftich, m.  — Red, the lb.	006		0 0 2
		 of any other Sort, the lb.	009	__	O O 3
MelaiTes, the cwt. -	0 4 9		O I 7 0 0 2
Mother of Pearl Shells, rough, the lb.	0 0 6		
Mulk, the oz.	030		0 I 0
Mubins, plain, Nanquin Cloths, Mullins or White Callicoes flowered or ftitched, for every iool. of the Value	ao 10 0		6 16 8
Diawback to be allowed on the Exportation of fuch of the faid Goods Which {hall have been printed, ftained, painted or dyed in Great Britain, for every iool, of the Value	•	20 O O	
Myrobalanes, viz.  *			Candied, the lb.	006		002
- ■ ■ - —dryed, the cwt.	070	1	024
Myrrh, the lb. ...	010		00 4
Nanquin Cloths, See Muflins. Nutmegs, the lb. - m	0 3 (5	____ •	012
* — Oil of. See Oil. v Nux Vomica, the lb.	009		• 0 3
Oil, viz,  y—■« of Cajaputa, the oz. ♦	of 6		1 vo O O



Google

TABLE (B.)

Oil, continued.

—	of Caffia, the oz.

•— of Caftor, the lb.

-----Chemical Oil, not otherwife enumerated or described, for every JoolL of the Value —— ■ df Cinnamon, the oz.

—— of Cloves, the oz. -—— of Linfeed, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -	-

—*1 of Made, the oz.

of Nutmegs, the oz.

-----of Turpentine, the lb.

—	not otherwife enumerated or de-

scribed, for every iool. of the Value

Oker, the cwt.	-

Olibanum, the cwt. -	-

Opium, the lb.

Opopanax Gum, • See Gum.

Orange Flower Water, the Gallon Ore,

-*•— Copper, See Copper. *

Gold or Silver, See Bullion.

Orpiment or Auripigmentum, the cwt. Orrice or Iris Root, the cwt.

Oftrieh Feathers, See Feathers.

Painters* Colohrs, not otherwife enumerated or described, the lb.

Paintings on Glafs, See Glafs.

Paper, viz.

—	-- Brown	Paper	made of old Rope or

Cordage only, without feparating or extrading the Pitch or Tar therefrom, and without any Mixture of other Materials therewith, the lb.	-	-

■ .	— Printed, painted, or ftained Paper or

Paper Hangings, the Yard fquare .	—- of any other Sort not particularly

enumerated or deferibed, or other-wife charged with Duty, the lb. -Pearb, for every iool. of the Value Pepper, the lb.	-	-

-------Cayenne, the lb.

—— Long Pepper, the lb.

Pickles of all Sorts, not otherwife enumerated or deferibed, the Gallon -Pi&ures, viz.

~—-—- under 2 Feet fquare the Pidlure •

Permanent.		Temporary  or  War Duty.
Duty.	Drawback.	
t£ j. d.	£. /. d.	s• d.
p 1 6	—	0 0 6
009		003
5i 5 0		17 i 8
030	—	01 0
010	—	004
21 0 0	—	70a
0 1 3	—	005
0 1 3	—	005
0 0	11	001*
51 5 0	- -	17 1 8
043	—	0 1 5
1 10 0	—	0 10 0
056	—	0 1 10
0  0	—	008
0180		0 6 «
0 18 0	—	0 6 m
006	—	*  0  0
0 0 6		n  0  0
009	—	0  0  Ofi
010	I, -	004
lo 0 0	■		368
0 i 3	—	005
030	—	010
00 6	—	0 0 %
0  C«"J  0		0 16
* a 0	—	O *4 ♦

 c^ooQle

TABLE (B.)

Pidlures, continued.

—-----— of two Feet fquare and under

4 Feet fquare the Pidlure

—	■ —- of 4 Feet fquare or upwards, the

Picture

Plate, viz.

----- battered, fit only to be re-manufactured, «SV* Bullion.

—	of Gold, the oz. Troy

-----of Silver gilt, the oz. Troy

-	- part gilt, the oz. Troy

-	- ungi.t, the oz. Troy

Precious Stones, See Emeralds.

Prints, viz,

-------Paper Prints plain, the Piece

- - coloured, for every jool. of the Value

Provifions.

Note—His Majefty is authorized to permit, for a limited Time, by Order in Council, the Importation into Great Britain from any Port or Place what ever, in any Britifh Ship or Veflel, or in any oilier Ship or Vefiel be- * longing to Perfons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majefty, and navigated in any Manner whatever, of any Beans called Kidney or French Beans, Tares, Lentiles, Cal-livances and all other Sorts of Ptflfe ; and alfo Bulls, Cows, Oxen, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, and Swine, Beef, Pork, Mutton, Veal and Lamb, whether falted or otherwife ; Bacon, Hams, Tongues, Butter, Cheefe, Potatoes, Rice, Sago, Sago Powder, Tapioca, Vermicelli, Millet Seed, Poultry, Fowls, Eggs, Game and Sour Crout, Duty free, provided due Entry be made. His Majefty is likewife authorized in like Manner to recal fuch Permiffion, either in Part or in the Whole, if Circualliances fliall feem fo to require. See 39 Geo. 3. cap. 87. continued by fubfequent Adis, aud by 49 Geo. 3. cap. *3. revived and farther continued until the 25th March 1810. Quickfilver, the lb?	-

Radix Contrfryervae, the lb.

Permanent.

Duty.

£

d.

9 0

8 6

4 o

3 9

2 9

5

Drawback.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ s, d.

£ s.	d.

z	8	3

2	3	•

016 t 014 013

o o XI

004

17 1 8

004 004



380

49® GEO. m.

A.D. 1809.

C98.

TABLE (B.)	Permanent.				Temporary		
				Drawback.		or	
	Duty.				War Duty,		
Rattans, See Canes.	£	/.	d.	£ d.	£		d.
lied Wood, See Wood. Reed Canes, See Canes. Rhubarb, the lb. -	0	1	3		0	0	5
Rice, the cwt. ...	0	4	9	—-	0	1	7
See the Note tinder the Head pf Pro-							
vifions.							
Koch Alum, SeeAlum.							
Rjofe Wood, See Wood. Rubies, See Emeralds.	.						
Rum, See Spirits.  Safflower* the cwt* -	0	5	6	.	0	1	
Saffron, the lb. - . -	0	4	6	—	a	1	6
Sagapenum Gum, See Gum. . Sago* the lb. - -	0	0	4a	•	0	0	
See the Note under the Head of Pro-							
vifions.							
Sago Powder, for every tool of the Value	5*	5	0	• —		1	8
See the Note under the Head of Pro-							
vifions.							
Sal, viz.  	Ammbmacus, the lb. *	0	0	3	mm	0	0	1
	Gem, the cwt. -	0	5	0	—	0	1	8
Salep or Salop, the lb.	0	0	9	—	0	0	3
Saltpetre, the cwt. -	0	0	3	—-	0	0	1
Sandrake Gum, See Gum.	•						•
3anguis Draconis, the lb. Sarcocolla Gum, See Gum. oaunders, viz*	0	1	0		0	0	4
		Red, the cwt.	0	2	6		0	0	10
		White or Yellow, the lb.	0	6	6	—	0	0	2
icammony, the lb. -  ksl Cow, Sea Horfe, or Sea Morfe Teeth,	0	4	0		0	1	4
the lb.	0	1	0	—	0	0	4
*»eal Skins, See Skins. Seed, viz.  ■■ ■■■ Anifeed, the cwt.	1	8	6		0	9	6
—— Coriander Seed, the cwt.	0	6	0	—	0	2	0
■ — Cummin Seed, the cwt.	0	10	0	—	0	3	4
	Foreft Seed, for every iool. of the							
Value	' 20	0	0		6	*3	4
——- Garden Seed, not particularly enu-							
merated or defcribed, the lb.	0	0	4i	—	0	0	
— Worm Seed, the lb.	0	0	9	—i	0	0	3
— not particularly enumerated or de-							
fcribed, or otherwife charged with Duty, fdr every iool. of the Value -	37	10	0	- -	12	10	0
Seed Lac, See Lac in Gum.							
Sena, the lb. - -Senega Gum, See Gum.	0	0	9		0	0	3

\



Google

	Permanent.		Temporary
TABLE (B.)	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Sheep's Wool, See Wool.	£ s. d.	£ *. d.	£ t. d
Shellac, See Lac in Gum.  Silk, viz.  ■ — Handkerchiefs, See Handkerchiefs. 	Knubs or Hulks of Silk, the lb.	626		2  O  O
—Eaw Silk, viz.  - - Bengal raw Silk, the lb.	t 3 O		OIO
- * of any other Sort, the lb*	0 4 3	—	O I J
	Wafte Silk, the !b.	0 ft 6	*1.	O O IO
Silver Coin, foreign, See Bullion.  Silver Plate, See Plate.  Skins, viz.  —— Calve Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dreftcd, the Dozen Skins -	0 1 3		OO5
—— Dog Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dreflcd, the Dozen Skins	0 o*6		O O |
—*— Elk Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any Way deeded, the Skin - -	0 0 7 i-	•	0 0 aj
— Huffe Skin, undrefled, the Skin	003	—	001
		 Leopard Skins, undreflfed, the Skin	060	—>	020
—— Martin Skins, undrefled, the Skin r 5?	009	—	003
——- Seal Skins in the Hair, not tanned, * tawed, or in any Way drefled, the Skin - -	00 l\		0 0 o§
— ■ -- Squirrel Skins, undrefled, the ioo Skins - -	07 3		025
* Tyger Skins, undrefled, the Skin -Skins and r urs, or Pieces of Skins and Furs, ra\y or undreffed, not particularly ehiftnerated or defcribed, or other-wife charged with Duty, for every iool* of tne Value - •	060	—	0 2 •
	37 10 0		12 10 •
Skins and Furs, or Pieces of Skins and F urs, tanned, tawed, or in any Way deeded, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or otherwife charged with Duty, for every icol. of the Value -	90 0 0		30 0 0
Snuffy the lb. -	0 1 0	_	0 04
Subject alfo to a Duty of Excife. Socotorina Aloes, See Aloes. Spikenard, the lb. - -	019		0  0
Spirits, viz.  		Arrack, the Gallon	013	r _	005
— ■■■—— Brandy, the Gallon  *	Geneva, the Gallon  »» — the Gallon	O I I : Oil;  a. 0 9	—	0 0 4i 0 0 44 0 0 3



TABLE (B.)

Spirits, continued.

—— ■- the Produce of the Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, its Territories or Dependencies, the Gallon

Spirits are fubje& alfo to a Duty of Excife.

Squills, thecwt.

Squinanthum, the lb.

Squirrel Skins, See Skins.

Stick Lac, See Lac in Gum.

Stockings of Cotton, for every iool. of the Value	-	-

Storax, viz.

-it----Calamita or Liquida, the lb.

-------in the Tear, or Gum, the lb.

Succades, the lb.

Sugar, the cwt.	-

For the Rules, Regulations, and Conditions under which the Lords Com-miffioners of His Majcfty s Treafury are authorized to fufpend according to the Average Price of Sugar as publiflied in the London Gazette, either One Shilling in the Hundred Weight, Two Shillings in the Hundred Weight, or Three Shillings in the Hundred Weight, being Part of the Temporary or War Duty, See the Adi to which this Table is annexed.

Note.—The Duties on Sugar imported into Great Britain are to continue in force until the 25th March 1810.

See the A61 to which this Table is annexed.

Sugar Candy, viz.

--------Brown,	the cwt.

--------White,	the cwt.

Talc, the lb.	-	-

Tamarinds, the lb.	-

Tea, for^very iool. of the Value

Subjedl alfo to a Duty of Excife.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftridlions under which Tea may be taken out of the Warehoufe, Duty free, for Exportation to ire-land, See 41 Geo. 3. cap. 73.	,

Teake Wood, See Wood.

Terra Japonica, the lb, •	-	*

Permanent.		Temporary  or  War Duty.
Duty.	Drawback.	
<5€ s. d	£ d	£ s. d.
c 0 9	—	0  0
0 3 3	-	Oil
* 0 0 6	~	O  O
0  0  rh  >0	—	l8 O Q
OO9	—	0 0 3
0 5 3	—	OI9
020		0 0 8
126		0 10 6
•		
3 12 0		149
5 *5 °f	—	1184
0 0 4*		0 0 1*
O Q 4!	—	c 0 1^
6 0 0	60 0	
00 6		co ^ a

 t^ooQle

TABLE (B.)	Permanent.		Temporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Thread, wz. Cotton Thread, for every 100I.	£ t. d.	£ x. d.	£ /. </.
of the Value Tincal, See Borax unrefined.	54 0 0		18 0 0
Tobacco, the 100 \bs.  Having been delivered out of the Warehoufe for Home Trade Con-fumption or Manufa&ure in Great Britain, and afterwards manufactured according to Law into Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco, and exported, the 100 lbs.  Subjeft alfo to a Duty of Excife.  Tonnage Duty on Ships or Veflels entering inwards or outwards, (except in Ballaft) from or to foreign Parts, See Table (D.)  Tortoife Shell, viz.  —	 Maaufa&ures of, for every iool. of	a 11 3	2 10 0	0 12 6
the Value  ■ — rough and unmanufa&ured, the lb. Tragacanth Gum, See Gum.	5r 5 0 026	—	17 f 8  0 0 10
Turbith, the lb. - -	016	—	0 0 6
Turmeric, the lb. * Turpentine, Oil of. See Oil. Turtise Lapis, See Lapis. Tyger Skins, See Skins.	0 0 4|		0 0 1*
Vermicelli, the lb. - -  See the Note under the Head of Pro-vifions.	0  0  >oh-		0 0 ij
Vermilion or Cinnabar, the lb. Walking Canes, 1  •	 Sticks, > See Canes.  Wanghee Canes, )  Wax, viz.	O I 3		O • s
——• Bees Wax unmaivufa&ured, the cwt. -	2 2 0	—.	0 14 0
- - White or manufe&ured, the cwt.  vallulCc j OfT VaTlUlCu.  Wood, viz.	3 t* 0	'	160
	Ebony, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.  —Red Wood, the Ton, containing 20	5 * 6	——	I 14 2
cwt. -	140	—	O 8 0
—•— Rofe Wood, the cwt.  —— Teake Wood, 8 Inches fquare or upwards, the Load, containing 50	189		O97
Cubic Feet Wool, viz.  	 Carmepia Wool, See Goat Hair in  Haiy.	0 19 6		0 6 6
*— -Cotton Wood, the 100 lbs.	087	—	084

8



3*4

4$>° GEO. III.

A.D. 1805^.

C. 98*

TABLE (E.)	Permanent.		T emporary
	Duty.	Drawback.	or  War Duty.
Wool, continued.  — Lamb's Wool, See Sheep** Wool.  —■ Sheep's Wool or Lamb'* Wool, the	& t. d.	sS ;. d.	
cwt. - - -Worm Seed, See Seed.  Yarn, viz.	0  0	ri "	0  N  c*
	 Cotton Yarn, the lb.	006		0 0/1
Zedearia, the lb. - -  Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, irfiported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, being either in Part or wholly manufactured, . not being enumerated or deferibed, or otherwife charged with Duty when fo imported, and not prohibited, to be imported into or ufed in Great Britain, for every	009		0 Q 3
iool. of the Value Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported by the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the Eatl Indies, not beingeither in part or wholly manufactured, not being enumerated or deferibed or otherwife charged with Duty when fo imported and not prohibited to be imported into or ufed in Great Britain, for every	51 5 e		17 i 5
iool. of the Value.	20 0 0	—	6 ij 4

TABLE (C.)

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS * payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize taken and condemned as Prize or feized and condemned as Droits of Admiralty, and imported or brought into Great Britain.

	Permanent  Duty.	Temporary  or  War Duty.
Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, taken and condemned	£ s.	£ s .
as Prize, or feized and condemned as Droits of Admiralty, (hall and may be landed and fecured in approved Warehoufes, on Payment (by the Captors or		
their Agents,) of the following Duties, viz.  ■ Brandy, if taken by a Ship of War or feized as Droits of Admiralty, the Tun containing 252		
Gallons - - -  * [£<*49 6.3.*. 44.]	350	0 ij »

 v^.ooQle

TABLE (C.)

Permanent

Duty.

Goods—Brandy, continued.

-	- if taken by a Private VefTel, the Tun contain-

ing 252 Gallons -

*	Cocoa,	if 1 aken by a Ship of War, or feized as

Droit' of Admiralty, the cwt.

-	- if taken by a Private VefTel, the cwt.

—»-----Coffee, if taken by a Ship of War, or feized as

Droits of Admiralty, the cwt.

-	- if taken by a Private VefTel, the cwt.

-------Sugar, if taken by a Ship of War, or feized as

Droits of Admiralty, the cwt.

* - if taken by a Private Veflel, the cwt.

-- ■ - Vinegar, if taken by a Ship of War, or by a Private VefTel, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

-—-----Wine, if taken by a Ship of War, or by a

Private VefTel, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

—	— All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not

particularly excepted or otherwife charged with Duty,

-	- if taken by a Ship of War, or feized as

Droits of Admiralty, for every 1001. of the Value thereof

-	- if taken by a Private VefTel, for every

1 ool. of the Value thereof

—	— ■■ Com, viz,

*	• - Wheat, Wheatmeal, or Flour, Rye, Parley,

Beer, or bigg. Oats, Oatmeal, Peafe, Beans, Indian Corn or Maize, taken and condemned as Prize, fhall and may be warelioufed in like Manner, and fubjedfc to fuch Rules, Regulations, and Reftri&ions, Duties, Drawbacks, Penalties, and For-'	feitures as are provided and enadied by any

Adt or Adts of Parliament in force with refpedt to any Foreign Com imported into Great Britain, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 134.

—	«■ ■ Goods of the Growth, Produdfion, or Manu-

fadfure of China or the Eaft Indies, taken and condemned as Prize, are fubjedt to fuch Duties and entitled to fuch Drawbacks as the like Goods are or may be fubjedf and entitled to when imported by the Eaft India Company. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftridtkms under which fuch Goods may be iold, See 43 Geo. 3. cap 134. and 46 Geo. 3. cap. 113. (Local and Perfonal.)

—	■	Tobacco	taken	and	condemned	as	Prize, and

fecured in Warehoufes according to Law may be exported therefrom without Payment of 49 Geo. III.	C	c

£	s.	d.
0	*5	0
0	3	9
0	i	3
0	10	6
0	3	6
0	6	0
0	2	0
2	0	0
%	0	0

7 10 o

2 TC O

Temporary

or

War Duty.

£ *7~J.

050

0	I 3 005

03 6

01	1

02*

008

s 10 t o 16 8

 CjOOQle

TABLE (C.)

Permanent

Duty.

Temporary

or

War Duty.

Goods —Tobacco, continued

£

s.

d.

£

S. d.

any Duty, or taken out of fuch Warehoufes for Home Confumption or Manufadlure, on Payment of the Duties due and payable on Tobacco of the Growth or Produ&ion of His Majefty’s Colonies, Plantation*, I (lands, or Territories in America.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which fuch Tobacco may be warehoufed, Sec 43 Geo. 3. cap. 134. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 99.

---Snuff, taken and condemned as Prize and fecured

in Warehoufes according to Law, may be exported therefrom, without Payment of any Duty, or taken out of fuch Warehoufes for Home Confumption, on Payment of the Duties due and payable on Snuff of the Growth or Produ&ion of His Majefty’s Colonies, Plantations, Iflands, or Territories in America.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which fuch Snuff may be warehoufed, Sec 43 Geo. 3. cap. 134. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 99.

—	Ships or Veffels condemned as Prize or as Droits

of Admiralty (except Ships of War or Private Ships or Veffels of War) with their Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, (except Sails) for every iool. of the Value	-

Note—Ships of War or Private Ships or Veffels of War taken and condemned as Prize, or as Droits of Admiralty, with the Sails, Tackle, Apparel and Furniture belonging to fuch Ships or Veffels, are Duty Free.

—	Ships or Veffels condemned as Prize in any of

His Majefty’s Dominions out of Great Britain (not being Ships of War or Private Ships or Veffels of War) arc fubjedf to Duty, which /hall be paid on the firft Arrival of any fuch Ships or Veffels at any Port in Great Britain, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 134.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which Goods taken as Prize and condemned Abroad may, on Importation, be warehoufed on Payment of the Duty charged in this Table, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 134. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 99.

Note—No Duties whatever (hall be demanded or taken for any Goods condemned as Prize confiding of Military or Ship Stores, Sails, Cordage, Anchors and Cables, Mailt, Yards, Bowfprits, Blocks, Guns, Gunpowder, Shot, Mat 1 Gun Carriages, Cartridges and other Mat^ u reto belonging, and all Timber and I	erted

10	00

3 <>

8



Google

J

A.D. 1809. 490 GEO. HI.	0*98*	387
TABLE (C.)	Permanent  Duty.	Temporary  or  War Duty.
Goods, continued.  into and made fit for Ship Building, or for any of the UTes and Purpofes aforcfaid 5 Salted Beef, Pork, and Butter, Bifeuit, Small Beer, Peafe and Oatmeal, Sailors* Clothes, Hummocks, Bedding and Apparatus, and Inlfruments belonging to Surgeons, Bullion, or for any Goods which may be imported into Great Britain Dutv free.  For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which Prize Goods may on Condemnation be fecured in Warehoufes, See43 Geo. 3. cap. 134. and 48 Geo. 3. cap. 9;.  Note.—Goods, Wares, and Merchandize condemned as Prize or as Droits of Admiralty, having been fecured in Warehoufes according to Law, may be taken out of fuch Warehoufes to be ufed 6r confumed in Great Britain on Payment of the Remainder of the Duties which would at the Time of fuch taking out have been due and payable to His Majefty thereon, if the fame had been regularly imported by Way of Merchandize into Great Britain.  For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftridliqns under wh ch Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, condemned as Prize or as Droits of Admiralty, having been wareboufed according to Law, may he exported from thence without Payment of any further Duty impofed by the A6t to which this Table is annexed, See 4.$ Geo. 3. cap. 134.	£ t. d.	£ *. i.
TABLE (D.)		
TONNAGE DUTY on Ships and VefTels entering Inwardsr Of Outwards (except in Ballad) in any Poit in Great Britain, from or to Foreign Parts*		
TONNAGE DUTY.	Permanent  Duty.	Temporary  or  War Duty.
V1 1 1 1 , -*1 h  Ga Ships and Veflels entering Inwards or Outwards, (except in Ballad) in any Port of Great Britain from or to Foreign Parts,  For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Veffel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballad,) from or to the Iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Sark, or Alderney, the Greenland Seas, or the Southern Whale Fifherv - - *  Cca	£  606	A \ d.  0 9 6

Digitized

by Google

388	C.98,99*	49°	GEO.	III.	A.D.iSo?.

.TONNAGE DUTY.	Permanent  Duty.	Temporary  or  War Duty.
On Ships and Veflels, continued.	s£ s. d.	e£ s. d*
For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Veflel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballaft) from or to any Port or Place within the Streights of Gibraltar - - -	010	010
For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or VeflVl entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballad) from or to any Port or Place in Rufiia, or within the Baltic Sea -	010	010
For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Veflel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballad ) from or to any Port or Place in Europe, except the Ifle of Man -	010	0  **  0
For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Veflel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballad) from or to any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Ead Indies - - -	030	0 3 0
For evpry Ton Burthen of every Ship or Veflel entering Inwards or Outwards, (except in Ballad;, from or to the Cape of Good Hope	026	026
For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Veflel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballad) from or to any Port or Place in Africa, not other-wife enumerated or deferibed -	010	010
For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Veflel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballad) from or to the Ifland of Newfoundland, the Iflands of Cape Breton, St. John, or Prince Edward’s Ifland, or the Coad of Labrador	a 0 6	0 0.. 6
r \For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Veflel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballad) from or to any Port or Place in the United States ,■* of America, any Britifh Ifland, Colony, or Plantation in America, or any other Part of America, not otherwife enumerated or deferibed	010	010

CAP. XCIX.

An Act to. amend the feveral Afts for the regulating and fecuring the Colleftion of the Duties on Spirits diftilled in Ireland 5 and for the regulating the Sale of fuch Liquors by Retail.	June	I^°9»]

*	TTTHEREAS it is expedient to make further Regulations for € VV the fecuring the Colle&ion of the Duties on Spirits, di{tilled*

*	in Ireland;* Be it therefore enafted, by the Ring’s mod Excellent

'	'	’	*	Majefty,



3*9'

A.D. 1809.	490 GEO. III.	G99.

Maj^fty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament sfiVmbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That after the Firft Day of Fines on January, One thoufand eight hundred and ten, whenever under or by virtue of an Ad made in the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Ma- 3"^ ^n<fer jefty’s Reign, intituled, An AS to amend an AS made in the Forty Jixth 47 G. 3. ft- 2. Tear of His prefent Majcjly for the regulating and fecuring the CollcSion c. 17. § 12.) of the Duties on Spirits dijlilled in Ireland, or any Ad. or Ads in force iucreafcdto tool, in Ireland, for amending the fame, the Court at any Aflizes or Pre* ^afecond fenting Term {hall be required to fine any Parifh, Towniand, Manor, or Lordfhip, ou account of any nnlicenfed Still, or Part of a Still, Offender has or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utenfil for dividing been convi<ftdl Spirits, or any Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, having by an Inha-been found or ufed in any Place within any Parifh, Towniand,

Manor, or Lordfhip, which has been or {hall have been fined at the ^ 25]4only;

preceding Aflizes or Prefenting Term on any of the faid Accounts, under 48 G.3.

fuch Court (hall fine fuch Parifh, Towniand, Manor, or Lordfhip,' c. si. §15.

in the Sum of One hundred Pounds in lieu of the Sum of Fifty

Pounds, in the faid recited Ad of the Forty-feventh Year mentioned ;

and fuch Fine of One hundred Pounds fhail be levied and recovered

in fuch Manner, and by fuch Ways and Means as by the faid recited

Ad of the Forty-feventh Year, or by any other Ad or Ads in

Force in Ireland is direded, with refped to any Fine of Fifty Pounds

to be levied on any Parifh, Towniand, Manor or Lordfhip, under the

faid Ads or any of them : Provided always, that in Cafes where	v

under and bv virtue of an Ad made in the Forty-eighth Year of

His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An AS to amend tie feveral

ASs for the regulating and fecuring the ColleSion of the Duty on Spirits

diftdledin Ireland, fuch Courtis required tofine fuch Parifh, Towniand,

Manor or Lordfhip. in the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds only, in confluence of the Offender having been tried and convided of a Mif-demeanor by the Evidence of an Inhabitant of fuch Parifh, Towniand,

Manor or Lordfhip, (not being an Officer of Cuttoms or Excife,) fuch Court fhail fine fuch Towniand, Parifh, Manor or Lordfhip, in the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds only, in fuch Cafe.

II.	4 And whereas by the faid recited Ad, made in the Forty*

*	eighth Year aforefaid, it is enaded. That whenever any Offender

*	fhail be tried and convided of a Mifderaeanor in having made ufe of ‘ any Still, Still-head or Worm for diftilUpg, or in having made or ‘ diftilled any Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, or in having brewed,

*	made, or fermented any Worts, Wafh, or Pot Ale, wherewith and

*	with the Intent to diflil Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, without 4 having a Licence in force purfuan* to Law for drilling, by the 4 Evidence of any Inhabitant (not being ao Officer of Efccife) of the 4 Parifh, Towniand, Manor or Lordfhip in which the Place fhail be 9 fituate, where fuch Offence was committed, uoon an Information 4 given by fuch Inhabitant before any other Information for the 4 laid Offence (hall have been given to a Magiftrate, the Court before

*4 whom fuch Convidion fhail be had at any Aflizes or Prefenting

* Term fhail fine fuch Parifh, Towniand, Manor or Lordfhip, on 9 account of fuch Offence, in the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds only,

9 fuch Fine to be recovered and levied in Manner as in the faid recited

*	Ad of the Forty-eighth Year is mentioned and direded, and that

*	no Part of fuqh Fine, or Sum of Twenty-five Pounds, fhalU bn

C c 3	«	applic4

* 

39°

C-99*

49® GEO. Ill,

A.D. 1809.

Where an

Inhabitant entitled to Fine of 25l. under 48 G. 3. c. 81., (hall give up his>Right, the Court (hall not impofe fuch Fine. Biftributlon of Penalties, exceeding 25l.

One Moiety to Informer, &c. as under 47 G. 3. ft. 2. c. 17. §19.

The other Moiety of Fine* on Parities may be paid to Perfons fctting up licenfed Stills therein; on Certificate of Stffions.

f applied to the Society for difcountenancing Vice and promoting

*	Virtue in the City of Dublin, nor to the Treafurer of any Publ'cjc

*	Infirmary or Hofpital of any County, Town, or City, but the whole

*	of fuch Fine or Sum of Twenty-five Pounds (hall be applied and

*	paid by the Trcafurer of the County, County of a Town or City, to ‘ fuch Inhabitant who (hall have fo given the firft Information, and 4 by whofe Evidence fuch Convi&ion (hall have been had ; or to the

*	Juftice of the Peace before whom fuch Information (hall have been

*	made, to be by him applied in rewarding fuch Informer, or other-

*	wife promoting the Supprefii >n of Private Stills within h’s Jurifdic-c tion, according to the Direction of the Court ;* Be it enacted, That in cafe fuch Inhabitant (hall (late in fuch Information that he ia willing to give up all Right which he could claim in fuch Fine, if impofed, it (hall not be lawful for fuch Court, in fuch C^fe, to fine any fuch Parifh, Towriland, Manor or Lordfhip on account of fuch Offence in the laid Sum of Twenty five Pounds, 'or in ar.y other Snm whatever, any Tning in the faid recited Act or in any other A€t or A6U in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithftanding.

III. And be it further enadted, That every Fine exceeding the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds, after deducing thereout the Cods of recovering the fame, if fuch Cods (hali not be paid by the Direction of th$ Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, under and by virtue of the faid recited A6t of the Forty*feventh Year aforefand ; but where fuch Cods (hall be fo paid, then the whole of fuch Fine, without any Dedu&ion, (ball be applied in Manner following; (that is to fay,) one Moiety thereof, or of fo jnuch thereof as (hall remain after dedu&ing the Cofts in the Cafe aforefaid) (hall be paid by the Treafurer of the County, County of a Town or City, to the Officer of Excife, or to the Informer or Judice of the Peace, to whom One Moiety of the Fine of Fifty Pounds is given by the faid recited Ad of the Forty-feventh Year aforefaid, in Manner as is dired.d in and by the faid recited Ad ; and the other Moiety of all and every fuch Fine or Fines (or of fo much thereof rcfpedively, as may remain after deduding the Cofts in the Cafe aforefaid) (hall be paid by every fuch Treafurer on the Certificate herein after mentioned, to tht Perfon or Perfons who fhall fet up and work any licenfed Still of lef» than One thoufand Gallons Content within any Pariffi, Towdand, Manor or Lordfhip in which any fuch Fine (hall have betn levied j Provided always, that the Claim of every fuch Perfon (hall be determined on and certified by the Juftices of Peace at any Quarter Seffions, whether held by Adjournment or otherwife, within the County, County of a City or Town wherein fuch Pariffi, Townland, Manor or Lordfhip fhall be fituated ; and in cafe more Perfons than One (hall claim fuch Moiety of sny fuch Fine or Fines, fuch Court of Quarter Stffions fhall and may prefer the Claim of the Perfon who (hall have fet up the Still of the larged Content, or fhall and may divide fuch Moiety of fuch Fine or Fines, among all the Claimants entitled, in Shares to each in proportion to the Contents of their refpr&ive Stills; or fhall and may adjudge the whole of fuch Moiety of any Finetoc Fines to the Perfon who (hall have firft fet up and worked a Licenfed Still in every fuch Pariffi, Townland, Manor or Lordffiip, according as fuch Court (hall in their Difcretion think moft conducive to the Encouragement of licenfed, and the Difcouragement of clandeftine Di foliation ; and it (hall be lawful for fuch .Court of. Quarter Scffione to

take

 (^.ooQle

39*

A.D. 1809.	49°	GEO.	til.	C.99.

t«ke foch Security as in the Judgment of fuch Court fhafl feem proper, that every Perfon who (hall receive any fucb Fine or Fines, or any Portion thereof, (hall continue to work his Still during any fuch Period, not lefa than Four Months in the Year, as fuch Court (hall think reafonable, and which fuch Court fhall dire& accordingly ; and if no fuch Certificate {hall be made by fuch Juftices at any Quarter S ffijns within S;x Months after the Time when any fuch Fine or Fines fhall have bem levied, then and in fuch Cafe One Fourth Part of iuch Fine, (or of fo much thereof as may remain after deducing the Coils in the Cafe aforefaid,) (hall be paid by every fuch Treafurer for the Ufe of His Majetty, his Heirs and Succeffors, into the Hands of the Collc&or of Excife for the Diftri6l in which the Parifh, Townland, Manor or Lordfhip, off which fuch Fine (hall be levied (hall be fituate; and the remaining Foirth Part of fuch Fine, (or of fo much thereof as may remain, after deducing the Cofts in the Cafe aforefaid,) (hall be paid by every fuch Treafurer, if m the County of Dublin, or County of the C»ty of Dublin, to the Society for difcountenancing Vice and promoting Virtue in the faid City, for the Ufe of the faid Society, and if in any other County, or County of a Town or City, to the Treafurer of the Public Infirmary or Hof-pital of fuch County, Town, or Cty, for the Ufe of the laid Infirmary or Hofpital; or for or towards ere&ing and maintaining One or more Ward or Wards for Idiots, or Lunatics, or towards erefting and fupporting Difpcnfaries for furnifhing Medicines, and giving Medical Aid and Relief to the Poor, in fuch Places within the County as the Grand Jury (hall have presented Money for the Eflab-Hfhment of Difpenfaries therein, as the Governors of fuch Infirmary or Hofpital (hall think fit.

u Fines already impofed, but not levied before Summer Affiz?s 1809, €‘ (hail be applied as under this Ad, § 4.

V. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall be guilty of any Collnfion in leaving or bringing in or into any Parilh, Townland, Manor or Lordfhip, any unlicenfed Still, or other Utcnfil for diftilling of Spirits, whereby fuch Parilh, Townland, Manor or Lordfhip, (hall become liable to the Paymeot of any Fine, every Perfon fo offending fhall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be paid to the Perfon fuing for the fame; and in cafe fuch Perfon fhall be an Inhabitant of (uch Parifh, Townland, Manor or Lordfhip, the Money fo recovered fhall be by him applied in Repayment to and among himfelf and the other Landholders and Inhabitants of fucb Parifh, Townland, Manor or Lordfhip, in the Shares and Proportions paid by them refpe&ively, on account of fuch Fine, in fuch Manner as the Judge or Court before whom fuch Penalty (hall be recovered fhall order and dire£t: Provided always, that no fuch Penalty (hall be recovered by more than One Perfon, on account of One and the fame Offence 5 and that if more Perfons than One (hall proceed for foch Penalty, the fame (hall be recovered by the Perfon who fhall have firfl commenced his Aftion for the fame 5 and in cafe the Party convi&ed of any fuch collufive PraAicea fhall be an Officer appointed by or afling under the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or the Gommiffioners of Cufloms or Port Duties, fuch Perfon fhall, upon Convi&ion of fuch Offence, over and above the Payment of fuch penal Sum of Fift^Pounds, be, and he is hereby declared and rendered

C c 4	incapable

Or on Faflure of fuch Certificate, one quarter to the Coiie<$\or of Excife, and the other to Charities.

Penalty on Colttifion is

charging Parilh with Fines, Z>OL

If by an Officer, Incapacity, 8cc.



3.92

Informer {hall declare if he knows the Parties guilty, . x rnd fhall be bound over to profecute them for a Mifde-meanor.

Trrafurers {hall account at Affizes for Keceipt and Application of all Fines impofed for jilted Stills.

Exceptions.

C.99.	4pe	GEO. IB.	A .D. 1809.

incapable of holding any Office or Employment whatfoever, Civil or Military, under His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, or any Authority derived under His Majefty* his Heirs or SucccfTors.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That whenever any Perfon fhall give any Information of any Offence which by Law is declared to be a Mifdemeanor, and whereby any Pdrifh. Townland, Manor or Lord-fhip, fhall be and become liable to any Fine, fuch Informer fhall at the fame Time make Oath and declare in fuch Information whether or not he knows any of the Perfon9 concerned in the committing of any fuch Offence, and if he docs know fuch Perfons he (hall declare their Names in fuch Informations, and the Magiftrates before whom fuch Informations fhall be given, (hall forthwith bind over fuch Informer to profecutc fuch Perfons for a Mifdemeanor according to the Law* in force in Ireland\ and fuch Magiftrate fhall aifo iffue his Warrant to apprehend fuch Perfons, that they may be dealt with according to Law; and if fuch Informer (hall not give Evidence againft fuch Perfon when brought to Trial, he (hall not be entitled to receive any Part of any fuch Fine ; any Thing in any Ad or Ads contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	‘ And, for fecuring the more regular and fpeedy Application

*	by the Treafurers of the fevcral Counties, Counties of Cities and

*	Towns in Ireland\ of all .Fines impofvd at the fevcral Affizes or

*	Prefenticg Terms on Parifhes, Townlands, Manors and Lordfhips, 4 on account of any unlicenfed Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage 4 to a Still, or any Worm or other Utenfil for dittilling of Spirits, or

*	any Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, having been found

*	or ufed in any Place within any fuch Panfh, Townland, Manor or

*	Lordfhip,* Be it enaded, That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thoufand eight hundred and nine, it fhall not be lawful for any CDurt or Judge at any Affixes or Prefenting Term in any County, County of a City or Town in Irelandy to fiat any Preferment for the Salary of or for any per Ccutage or Allowance payable to the Treafurer of fuch County, County of a City or Town* unlefs fuch Treafurer fhall at fuch Affizes or Prefenting Term produce to fuch Court or Judge upon Oath, which Oath fuch Court or Judge is hereby empowered and required to adminifter, a full, feparate, and true Account of the Receipts and Payments by fuch Tieafurer on account of all fuch Fines as fhall have been impofed on any Parilh, Townland, Manor or Lordfhip, for the Caufes before mentioned, or any of them, at any preceding Affizes for fuch County, County of a City or Town, (or Prefenting Term, if for the County of Dublin,) and as (hall not have been previoufly paid and accounted for by fuch Treafurer; and alfo, unlefs it fhall appear by fuch Account that no Part of the Monies received by him on account of fuch Fines remains in his Hands unapplied; except in Cafes where the fame has not been demanded of him or at his Offi-e by the Perfons entitled to receive the fame, all which Cafes fhall be verified by the faid Treafurer on Oath ; and except in Cafes where it fhall appear that an Information has been lodged againft the feizing Officer for fraudulent Pra&ices, in any which Cafe it (hall be lawful for the faid Treafurer to withhold the faid Sum or Sums fo claimed by faid Officer, until fuch Information (hall be tried or otherwife difpofed of; and in cafe the faid feizing Officer (hall be convifted thereon, fuch Treafurer (hall pay over every fuch Sum and Sums to the Churchwardens of fuch

Parifh,



Google

393

A.D.1809*	49°	GEO.	IIL	C.99.

Pariih, or to Come one Inhabitant of fuch Townhtnd, Manor or Lord*

(hip, to be diftributed to and among the Landholders and Iohabit* ants of fuch Parifh, Townland, ManOr or Lordftiip, in the Shares and Proportions paid by themf rcfpedively on account of fuch Fines.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Adion or Suit (hall Treifurer fuel at any Time be brought or commenced againft any Treafurer of any f<* “J Share of County, County of a City or County of a Town u.	,	by an,

Officer of Lxcife, or by any other Perfon or Perlons, or by or on behalf of the Governors of the Public Infirmary or Hofpital of the County , Town or City, or by or on behalf of the Society for difeoun* tenancing Vice and promoting Virtue, or by or on behalf of His Majefty, his Heirs or SuccelTors, for any Share or Proportion of any fuch Fines impofed for the Caufes lad before-mentioned, or any of them, which fuch Officer or Perfon, or Governors of fuch County Infirmary, or Hofpital or Society, or which His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors, may by Law be entitled to receive or recover, or for any Cofts which ought by Law to be paid by fuch Treafurer out of any Money in his Hands arifing from any fuch Fine; and if the Plaintiff in fuch Adion (hall obtain a Verdid or Judgment againft fuch Treafurer, fuch Plaintiff (hall be entitled to his or their Treble Cofts, to be awarded againft fuch Treafurer, and to be recovered in fuch Maimer as Cofts may by Law be recovered againft any Defendant.

IX.	Arid be it further enaded, That from and after the faid Colle&ors flail Twenty-fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and nine* ™*r«ieive

it (hall not be lawful for any Court or Judge at any Affizes (or Pre~	'

fentiug Term, if in the City of Dublin) to difeharge any Quere on they have

any Preferment for the Poundage or Wages of any Colledor or colle&eda^

High Conftable ading as a Collector for any Barony, Half Barony, fuch Russ.

or County of a City or County of a Town, or to allow in the Accounts

of the Treafurer any Sum of Money on account of Poundage or Wage®

of any fuch Colledor or High Conftable, nor (hall aoy fuch Colledor

or High Conftable in his Accounts with the Treafurer of the Sum*

levied by him, detain, keep, or claim Credit for, to his own Ufe, any

Sum by way of Poundage or Wages for any Money he (hall have

colledcd fince the preceding Affizes or Prefenting Term, unlefs fuch

Colled or High Conftable (hall, before the Commiffion Day of fuch

Affizes, or the Firft Day of fuch Prefenting Term, have colleded

and paid to fuch Treafurer the full Amount of all fuch Fines impofed

on any Pariffi, Townland, Manor or Lord (hip, under the faid recited

Ads, of the Forty-feventh and Forty-eighth Years aforefaid, or under

this Ad, as fuch Colledor (hall have been authorized or required to

colled by the Warrant of any fuch Treafurer, to be iffued after the

paffing of this Ad, at any Time after the Affizes or Prefenting Term

then next preceding.

X.	And be it further enaded, That whenever any Juftice of the Proof of fignmg Peace (hall take or receive any Information for any Offence relating of Information to any unlicenfed Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, jji^***

or any Worm or Utenfii for diftilling Spirits, or any Wa(h, Pot Ale, [s&ti G. 3. Low Wines, or Singlings, under the Diredions and Provisions of the ^.a.c.17. §19 J faid recited Ad made in the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Ma-jefty’s Reign, intituled, An A3 to amend an A3 made in the Forty fixth Tear of His prefent Majefty, for the regulating and fecuring the Colled ion of the Duties on Spirits dtflilkd in Ireland $ or under the Diredions or

Pro-



Google

m

fVnalty on Perfons inforing agminft Fines on Parities, &e. £liftlemeanor.

Pfcriftes m Yefbymay appoint Perfon* discover and pcofecute for Offences in

iflegat Diftil-fctiou, &«v

C.99.	49f	GEO.	III.	A.D. t Sep.

Provifions of my Ad or Ads for amending the faid recited Ad in force in Ireland at the Time of fuch Information, or (hall fign any Notice of fuch Information to be ferved upon the Inhabitants of any Parifli, Town land, Manor or Lordfhip, purfnant to the Diredions of any fuch Ad or Ads, Proof of the Hand-writing of fuch Juftice to fuch Information or Notice refptdively, by the Oath of any One credible Witnefs, (hall be deemed fufficient Evidence that fuch Information was taken and fo figned by fuch Juftice, or that fuch Notice was fo figned by fuch Juftice refpedively as aforefaid.

XL And be it further enaded, That from and after the Expiration of Thirty Days after the paffing of this Ad. if any Perfon whatsoever (hall infure or take, or agree to take, or receive any Sum of Money, or Security for Money or Depofit for the Infurance of, or be in any Way concerned in any Partnerfliip, Fellowfhip, Club, Office or Society for the Infurance or Indemnity of any Pari(h, Townland, Manor or Lordfhip, or of any Perfon or Perfons, againfl or from the paying of any Money for or towards the difeharging of any Fine which may be impofed on any Parifti, Townland, Manor or Lordfliip, or on any of the Inhabitants thereof, on account of any unlicenfed SrHI, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utenfil for diftilling of Spirits, or any Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, having been found or ufedin any Place within fuch Parifli, Townland, Manor or Lord(hip; or if any Perfon or Perfons (hall give or pay, or caufe to be given or paid, to any other Perfon or Perfons any Money, or any Security, Obligation or Undertaking, to pay any Money, or make any Depofit with fuch Perfcn of Perfons, as an Indemnity or Security againft, or to be applied in the Payment and Satisfa&ion of any fuch Fine, or in any Way to indemnify fuch Pari(h, Townland, Manor or Lordfliip, or the Inhabitants thereof, or any of them, againft the Payment of any fuch Fine or any Part thereof 5 then and in every fuch Cafe every Perfon concerned or engaged in ady fuch Infurance or other Tranfadion aforefaid, as well the Period who (hall fo infune, or who (hail pay a Depofit, as the Perfon who (hall accept, take or receive any fuch Sum of Money, or any fuch Security, Obligation, Undertaking, or Indemnity as aforefaid, (hall be deemed and taken to . be guilty of a Mifdemeanor; and it (hall be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace, refining near to the Place where fuch Offence (hall be committed, on Information on Oath of any fuch Offence, to iffue his Warrant for the Apprehenfion of fuch Perfon, and, on Examination into the Complaint, to commit fuch Perfon to Gaol, there to rrmam until delivered by due Courfe of Law; and in cafe any Indidment (hall be found againft fuch Perfon, fuch Perfon (hall plead thereto without having Time to traverfe the fame; and it (hall be lawful for the Court, by and before whom fuch Perfon (hall be tried and con-v»d*d, to inflid fuch Punifliment on fuch Perfon as may by Law be anflided on Perfons guilty of Mifdemeanors.*

XIL « And whereas it may tend to the Suppreffion of illicit DiftiL 4 lation if Pari(hes were allowed to appoint certain Perfons for the * Purpofe of difeovering and preventing fuch Pradices;’ Be it enaded, That from and after the paffing of this Ad, it (hall and may be lawful for the Churchwardens of any Parifli, at the Defire of any Two Inhabitants of fuch Pkri{h, to convene a Veftry for the Purpofe of eleding One or more Perfon or Perfons for the Purpofe of difeovering and profecuting all Offences againft any Ad or Ads in force in Inland,

for



A.D. 1809.	49° GEO. III. C.99.	395

for the regulating and fecuring the Colle&on of the Duty on Spiritt in Ireland, of which Ten Days Notice (hall be given.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That all Perfons fo chofen, and Oath of Perfboa who (hall confent to aft, (hall take the following Ouh before any One fo W®***!* ^ Magi (Irate or Ju&ice of Peace, which Oath fuch Magi&rate or Juttice

of Peace is hereby empowered to adminifter :

*	T A. B. do fwear. That fo long as I (hall hold the Office to which

. * X I have been th£Ld for the Paiilh of	I will

#	ufe my utmoft Endeavours to prevent and fupprefs all illicit Diftil-

•	latinn of Spirits within the faid Parifh, and to profecute and convift

♦	any Perfon or Perfons concerned in fuch Practices.

• So help me GOD.*

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful Pwifljyimty for the Panfhiont-rs of fuch Parifh in Veftry fo aflemblcd, to aiTefs

fuch Parifh to the Amount of any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds {or fuch in any oae Year, to be applied in the indemnifying of fuch Infpeftors Infpe&cs*, &•» ' for their Trouble and Expence, and a fo for the Purpofe of carrying into Execution this prefent Aft and all other A£b for the Prevention and Supprcflion of illicit DilliKation in Ireland.

XV.	And be it further enacted. That from and after the Twenty- Grocers ticenftd ninth Day of September One thoufand tight hundred and n*ne, when* to reta.l Spirit* ever any Grocer, or Perfon exercifing the Trade and Bufinefs of a J ^

Grocer, or who (hail be licenfcd as a Grocer, (hall alfo be licenfed to $*14*

fell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, according to the Provifions in Quantities of an Act made in the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Mijrfty's from Two Reign, intituled, /In Ad to make further Regulations with refped to Quarts to Fifty Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in Ireland ;	3

it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Grocer, or fuch Perfon as afore- £ 73 §2>3j (aid, without having or obtaining any other Licence for the Purpofe, to fell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantities not lefs than Two Quarts and not exceeding Fifty Gallons; any Thing in any Aft or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithttandmg.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That if any Brazier, Tinman, or Penalty on Worker of Tin, or other Perfon dealing in Brafs. Copper, Ttn or Braziers having othei Metal, (hall at any Time after the Expiration of Ten Days after Stills under the Day of the palling of this Aft, make or repair, or have in his or JWeffioo her Pofltflion in Ireland, any Still whatever not made of Copper, or (except for (hall make or repair, or have in his Pofleflion any Still, the Content Re&ifiers, he.)m of the Body whereof, without the Head or any other Appendage, or negle&iug to thereto, (hall be lefs than Fifty Gallons (other than and except Stills m^e Return* of pf the Dimenfions allowed by Law to be ufed by Reftifiers or Com-

pounders, or at Apothecaries' Hall in Dublin, or by fome Chemift,

Apothecary, Druggift, or Perfon duly licenfed, for the making or nnlicenfed keeping of which lad-mentioned Stills, luch Brazier or other Perfon Perfons having aforefaid (hall have obtained a Licence according to Law;) or if any. [?.«0?e?|0,n *?* Brazier or Perfon working in Copper, Brafs, or Tin, (hall after the ^Worm- *	*

(aid Time wilfully omit, negleft, or refufe to make a true Return, Mifdemeanor. verified by Affidavit, to the Colleftor of the Diftrift in which fuch Brazier or other Perfon aforefaid (hall refide, of the Name and Place of Abode of every Perfon for whom fuch Brazier or other Perfon as aforefaid (hall make or repair any Still, Still Head, or Worm, or to whom fuch Brazier (hall fell or deliver any Still, Still Head, or Worm, before fuch Brazier (hall fyffer the fame to be taken or delivered out

 LnOOQie

39$

C-99-

49« GEO. Hi:

A.D. 1809.

IVnaky on Retailers having tiff felling Spirits, not having paid Dmy, 10UL and Forfeiture •£ Licence.

Rower* to Clerk af Peace under 4i C. 3.C.50. § 8. to Hcenfc Retailers, oh Certificate of Two Magiftratcs xepoafed.

Rtety applying Sbi Licence to Sdfions, store than Seven Miles dillant, Rail produce

of his Houfe, Shop or Place of Work; or if any Pcrfon whatfoever, not being a licenfed Brazier, or Perfon duly licenfed or allowed to have and keep a Still according to Law, {hall have in his or her Poflcf-lion any Still, Still Head, or Worm, every Perfon in any of the Cafes aforefaid, offending as aforefaid, fhall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Mifdetneanor, and it (hall be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace irefiding near to the Place where fuch Offence ihall be committed, on Information on Oath of any inch Offence, to iffue his Warrant for the Apprehenfion of fuch P.rfon, and on Examination into the Complaint to commit fuch Perfon to Gaol, there to remain until delivered by due Courfe of Law; and in cafe any Indict nent (hall be fonnd againft fuch Perfon, he or /he (hall plead thereto without having Time to traverfe the fame ; and it ftiallbe lawful for the Court by and before whom fuch Perfon fhall be tried and convi&ed to inflict fuch Puniftiment on fuch Perfon for fuch Offence as may by Law be inflicted on Prrfons guilty of Mifderceanor?. .

XVII. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon who fhall be licenfed to fell Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in Ireland^ fhall at any Time or Times after the Twenty-fourth D*y of June t One thoufand eight hundred and nine, knowingly receive into or have in his or her Cuftody or Poffeffion, or fhall knowingly fell or difpofe of any Spirits diftilled in Ireland on which all Duties {hill not have been fully paid and fatisfied ; or any Spirits which {hall have been made or diftilled by anv Perfon, or in any Place not duly licenfed accoYding to Law for that Furpofe; every fuch Retailer fo offending {hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and the Licence previoufly granted to fuch Retailer {hail be and become ipfo fafta, void; and every fuch Retailer who, after fuch Licence fhall become void, {hall retail any Spirituous Liquors, or other Liquors, fhall be liable to all fuch Pains and Penalties as by any A& or A6ts in force in Ireland are infli&td on Pcrfons felling Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, without being duly licenfed for that Purpofe.

XVIII.	‘ And whereas by an Ad made in the Forty-fitth Year of His prefent Majefty's Reign, intituled, An A8 for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, by Retail, and for dife our aging the immoderate Ufe of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, it is among other Things ena&ed, That, 4 in cale at any Special or General Seffions no Order fhall be given for iffuing Licences in Manner prefenbed in the faid recited A&, or ia cafe no Order {hall be given thereat for iffuing Licences in any particular Barony or Half Barony, it fhall be lawful for the Clerk of the Peace to iffue a Licence to any Perfon or Perfons whom any* Two M*giftrates of the County, refiding within Five Miles of the Habitation of fuch Perfon, fhall certify to be a proper Perfon for being entrufted with the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors at fuch Place as {hall be mentioned in fuch Certificate ;* Be it ena&ed,

That fo much of the faid laft recited A6t as is htrein-before re-hearfed and fet forth, (hall, from and after the palling of this Ad, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon (hall apply for a Licence to fell Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, under the Provifions of the faid laft-recited A A ot the Forty-fifth Year, or any A6t for amending the fame, at any Special or General Seflions which fhall be held at any Place more than Seven Miles diftant from

the



A.D.i8o<).	49% GEO. UI.	C.95).	397

the Place of Abode of the Perfon fo applying for fuch Licence, fuch Pcrfon (hall not be entitled to receive, nor (hall receive any fuch .

Licence, nor (hall any fuch Licence be granted to fuch Perfon unlefs	■giww.

fuch Perfon, (hall at fuch Special or General Scflions produce and deliver to the Court a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of Two Magiftrates, both rdiding within Seven Miles of fuch Perfon fo applying, or refiding neareft to the Place of Abode of fuch Perfon,

(fating that fuch. Perfon is in the Opinion of the faid Magitlraces, a fit and proper Perfon to be intrufted with the S-de ofr Spirituous Liquors,

Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, at fuch Place as (hail be mentioned in fuch Certificate ; and that fuch PJace is a proper Place for the Sale of fuch Spirituous and other Liquors; and if fuch Licence (hall be granted or refufed to be granted at fuch Special or General Seffions, on filch Application as aforefaid, fuch Licence or Rcfufal {hall be fubjeft to all fuch Regulations, and to fuch Benefit of A ppeal, and to fuch other ReftriCtions and Provifions as are contained with re-fpe& to Licences in the faid recited A & of the Forty-fifth Ycat* afore-faid, or in any A& or Ads for amending the fame.

XX. And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Spirits made of Iriih Spirits oat diftiiied in Ireland, and on which all Duties payable by Law (hall not ^vinS P*** .have been fully paid and fatisfied, (hall at any Time after the paffing Boats, &e. of this Ad, be found on board any Beat or other Veffcl, being in any inHarboure, may Port, Harbour, Haven, Creek, River, Canal, or Dock in Ireland, be feized and or within eight Leagues of the Shores of Ireland, all fuch Spirits, forfeited, and and the Boat or Veffel in which the fame (hall be found, with all her Parties Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, (hall be forfeited, and may be feiXed by any Officer or Officers of Cuftoms or ExcHe; and every Perfon foraMifda-who (hall be found on board, or difeovered to have been on board meantr. fuch Boat or other Veffcl (other than and except fuch Perfon only who (hall have paid for, or bond Jide agreed to pay for his Paffage, and who (hall no Way be concerned in the Property of the Boat or of the Spirits) (hall be deemed and taken to be guiltv of a Mifdemeanor; and it (hall be lawful for any fuch Officer or Officers, Qr any Perfoa px Perfons acting in his or their Aid, to flop, arreft, and detain all and every Perfon and Perfons whatever, fo found on board or difeovered * to have been on board fuch Boat or other Veffel, anti to convey all and every fuch Perfon and Perfons before any Juftice of the Peace in Ireland refiding near the Place where any (uch Perfon fhall be fo taken and a r re fled; and it (hall be lawful for fuch Juftice of the Peace, and he is hereby required, upon Proof on Oath by One or more credible Witnefs or Witncffcs that fuch Perfon was fo found, or taken, or difeovered as aforefaid, (unlefs fuch Perfon (hall prove to the Satisfaction of fuch Juftice that he had paid for, or bond Jide agreed to pay for his Paffage on board fuch Boat, or Veffel, and that he was no way concerned in the Property of fuch Boat or Veffel, or of the Spirits therein) to hold fuch Perfon to bail with two fufficient Sureties for the Appearance of fuch Perfon to anfwer to any Indi&ment or Information that may be brought againft him in that Behalf; and in cafe any Perfon fo liable to be held to bail (hall make Default in finding fuch fufficient Bail as aforefaid, or until fuch Bail (hall be found, it (hall be lawful for fuch Juftice to commit fuch Perfon to the Gaol of the County, Town, or Place in'which fuch Perfon (hall be arrefted, to. anfwerns aforefaid.

y	3	XXL	And



Google

39®

Penalty on Perfona removing Spirit* by Land, not having paid Duty; if not more than Five in Company, Mifdemeanor j if more than Five, or with Force, &c. Felony.

Stflfhexcee<£ng Fifty Gallons, or Metal predated lor Stills, ihall be imported into Ireland only at Tobaceo Torts; and entered as Stills, tic. and ihall not he removed from thence without Permits.

C.99W	490 GEO. III.	A.D.	1809,

XXL And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the Expi-ratioo of Thirty Days after the Day of the paifing of this A6t, if any Perfons ihall be found palling in Company together ia any Part of Ireland, knowingly and willingly haring in their Cuftody any Spirituous Liquors diitilled in Ireland, on which all Duties payable by Law Ihall not have been duly paid, or any unlicenfed Still, Still Head, Worm, or Appendage to fuch Still, every fuch Perfon, if there Ihall not be Five in the Whole, Ihall be deemed guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and Ihall fuffer fuchsPunifliment as in other Cafes of Mifdemeanor is herein-before mentioned ; or if there (hall be Five or more, or if any Perfon or Perfons Ihall carry any ofLnfive Arms or Weapons, or wear any Vizard, Malk, or other Difguife, when palling with any fuch Spirituous Liquors, or unlicenfed Still, Still Head, Worm, or Appendage to fuch Still in their Care, Cuftody, or Pofleflion, and Ihall carry fuch Spirits in any Calk or Calks, or Jar or Jars, on the Side or Side6 of any Horfe, or if any Two or more Perfons Ihall be found afTembied together armed with Fire Arms or other offeniive Arms or Weapons, in order to be aiding and afiifting, or being aiding and aflift-ing in illegally removing or carrying, or conveying any fuch Spirituous Liquors, unlicenfed Stiff. Still Head, Worm, or Appendage to fuch Still, or in refeuing any Perfon who Ihall be apprehended for, or in the preventing the Apprehenlion of any Perfon who Ihall be guilty of the Lid Offences or any of them, every Perfon being legally convicted of fuch Offence, Ihall be deemed, taken, and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and Ihall for fuch Offence be tranfported for the Term of Seven Years.

XXII.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the palling of this A A, no Still, Pot, Pan, or Copper or Boiler, exceeding Fifty Gallons Content, or any Copper Metal or other Metal ready cut, prepared or fitted, fo as to be put together for the making of any Still, Pot, Pan, Copper or Boiler, or for the making of any Utenfil ufed or intended to be ufed, or fit or proper to be ufed, or which may be ufed or applied in the Procefa Jof diftilling Spirits, Ihall be imported into any Port or Place in Ireland, Except at fome Port into which Tobacco is by Law allowed to be imported ; and that every Still, Pot, Pan, Copper or Boiler, exceeding Fifty Gallons Content, and all Copper Metal and other Metal fo cut, prepared or fitted as aforefaid, which from and after the Expiration of the faid Ten Days ihall be imported into any fuch Tobacco Port in Ireland\ Ihall there be entered as a Still, Pot, Pan, Copper pr Boiler, or as being Copper or other Metal (fpecifying the Metal) cut, prepared, or fitted to be fo put together; and that it Ihall not be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons to take or remove any fuch Still, Pot, Pan, Copper or Boiler, or any fuch Copper Metal or other Metal fo entered from the Cuftom Houfe of the Port at which the fame (hail be fo imported, without a Permit for the Removal of the fame frpm the proper Officer of the Excife, which Permit fnch Officer Ihall grant without Fee or Reward; and fuch Permit Ihall contain in the Body thereof the Name of the Perfon importing fuch Still, Pot, Pan, Copper, cr Boiler, or fuch Copper Metal or other Metal, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Perfon or Perfons to whom, and the Place to which fuch Still, Pot, Pan, Copper or Boiler, or fuch Copper Metal or other Metal is intended to be fent, and alfo the Content



Google

A.D. 1809.

49° geo. in.

C.99.	399

in Gallons of fuch Still, Pot, Pan, Copper or Boiler or intended Still, Pot, Pan, Copper or Boiler, and of the Head thereof or other Appendage rcfpc&ively, if there (hall be any Head or other Appendage thereto 5 and the Perfon to whom any fuch Still, Pot, Pan*

Copper or Boiler, or any fuch CopDer Metal or other Metal (hall be conveyed (hall, within Forty-eight Hours after the Arrival of the fame, deliver up the Permit under which the fame (hall have been conveyed, to the proper Excife Officer of the Walk in which^ fuch Perfon (hall refide, and fuch Officer (hall thereupon grant a Certificate to fuch Perfon in lieu of fuch Permit 5 and in cafe any iuch Copper Metal or other Metal (hall be fitted together, and fet up or fixed (o as to form a Still, Pot, Pan, Copper or B>iler, or fo as to form any UteniU fit or proper to be ufed, or which can or (hall be ufed as a Still, Pot,

Pan, Copper, or Boiler, the Perfon on whofe Premifes the fame (hall be fo fitted together, fet up, or fix<d, (hall within Forty-eight Hours give Notice thereof to the Collector of Excifc of the Diftri& in which fuch Perfon (hall refide ; and if any fuch Still, Pot, Pan, Copper, or Boiler, or any Copper Metal or other Metal fo cut, prepared or fitted ns a fore fa id, (hall be imported into any other Port or Place in Ireland, except at fome Tobacco Port as aforefaid 5 or if any fuch Still, Pot, Pan. Copper or Boiler, or any fuch Copper Metal or other M.'tal fo cut, prepared or fitted as aforefaid, (hall be found conveying or conveyed, and for the Conveyance of which fuch Permit (hall not be produced, or (hall be found in the Guftody or Poffcffim, Workhoufe or Warehoufe of any Brazier or Worker in Brafs, Copper, Tin, or Metal of any Kind, or of any Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman, or of any Diftiller, or of any other Perfon or Perfons whatfoever without fuch Permit or a Certificate thereof, or without fuch Notice having been given as aforefaid $ then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Still*

Pot, Pan, Copper or Boiler, or fuch Copper Metal, or other Metal fo cut, prepared or fitted as aforefaid, (hall be forfeited, and may bt feized by any Officer of Excife; and any Licence before fuch Time granted to any Perfon in whofe Cuftody or Pofleffion fuch Still, Pot,

Pan, Copper or Boiler, or fuch Copper Metal or other Metal a9 afore-fa*d (hall be found, (hall be and become null and void.

XXIII,	* And wheread it may be expedient for the better Col-

*	le&ion of the Revenue, and the Supprtffijn of clandetline diftilling,

•	to allow in certain Parts of Ireland, particularly where illicit Dillii-

*	lation has prevailed, the Ufe of Stills of a lefs Size than Two hundred « Gallons Content in Manner and under the Reftri&ions herein con-

•	tainedBe it further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful for Four Commit the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or any °f Excife Four of them, to grant any Licence to any Perfon or Perfons in Ireland

to keep and ufe, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September *n&er 200 Gal-One thoufaod eight hundred and nine, any Still or Stills, the Body ions and not whereof, without the Head or any other Appendage thereto, (hail be left thin so capable of containing lefs than Two hundred Gallons, and not lefs Gallons Content, than Fifty Gallons Content* in fuch Place or Places in Ireland a* fuch Commffioners, or any Four of them (hall think proper, any Thing in any A& or Adis in force ih Ireland to the contrary notwith-(landing 5 fubjeft, neverthelefs, to fuch Reftridions and Provifions as are hereinafter mentioned and contained.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it en?dfed, That no Perfon or Such fmall Still* Perfons (hall be licenfed by the.faid Commiffioners to keep or ufe not be

any liceufed vithin

C.99.	.49°	GEO.	1IL	A.D.	1809.

Five Miles of • Still of 500 > Gallons Content Off upwards : and under Regulations in Jiats.

46	G. 3. c. 88.

47	G. a. ft. 2* e.17.

If a Licence is

Sd for a Still

Five Miles of a fonall Still licenfed under

this Aft, the fmall one may be continued.

No Perfon (hall be licenfed to ufe both a great and (mall Still

fonthly Charges I Stills iu lieu “ all former larges under i G. 3. c. 88. 49 : and ' G. 3. It. 2.

17. §6. fee TabU mexed to this

any fuch Still or Stills, of a Content lefs than Two hundred Gallons in any Place or Part of Ireland within Five Miles of any Diltillery Houfe or Place wherein any Still or Stiils of Five hundred Gallons Content or upwards (hall at the Time be licenfed to be kept or ufed, any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithftanding ; and that ail Licences to any Perfon or1 Perfons to keep or ufe any fuch Still or Stills of a Content ltfs than Two hundred Gallons, {hall be (igned by Four of the faid Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, and (ha)l be granted in fuch Manner, and under fuch Rules, Regulations, Reft rift ions, Penalties, and Forfeitures as are pro-irided and enafted by two Afts, one made in the Forty-fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Act to provide for the regulating and fecuring the Colleftion of the Duties on Spirits diflilled in Ireland, and the warehoufing offuch Spiritsfor Exportation, and the other made in the Forty-fevrnth Year of His faid Majelly’s Rtign, to amend the faid recited Aft of the Forty fixth Year with refpeft to Stills allowed to be licenfed under the faid recited Afts or either of them.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That if the faid Commiflionera fhall grant a Licence to any Perfon or Perfons, or keep or ufe a Still or Stills of Five hundred Gallons Content or upwards in any Piace within Five Miles of a Dift'llery where one or more Still or Stills of lefs than Five hundred Gallons Content (hall be licenfed to be kept or ufed under this Aft, or any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland, fuch Still or Stills of lefs than Five hundred Gallons Content may be continued to be kept and ufed at the fame Houfe in fuch Place, and the Licence for fo doing may be renewed for One Year from the Twenty-ninth Day of September next following the Period at which fuch Still of Two hundred Gallons Content or upwards (hail be aftually (et at work, and from Year to Year after at the fame Houfe in fuch Place, to the Perfon or Perfons licenfed to keep fuch Still of lefs than Five hundred Gallons Content, or the Heirs, Executors, or Adminiftrators of fuch Perfon or Perfons; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftandiner.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That no Perfon or Perfons (hall be licenfed to keep or ufe a Still of Five hundred Gallons Content or upwards, and a Still of a lefs Size than Five hundred Gallons Content, at one and the fame Time; nor to keep or ufe Two Still*, either of which (hall be of a lefs Size than Five hundred Gallons, at one and the fame Time.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted, That in lieu of the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wtnes fet forth in the faid Aft made in the Forty-fixth Year of H s prefent Majcfty’s Reign, intituled. An Act to provide for the regulating and fecuring the Colleftion of the Duties on Spirits difitiled in Ireland, and the warehoufing of fuch Spirits for Exportation, and in the faid herein before recited Aft of the Forty feventh Year aforefaid, for the Quantity of Spirits produceable wherefrom any Diftiller is chargeable with Duty in refpeft of every Still ufed by fuch Diftiller, every Diftiller fhall, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and nine, for every Four Weeks or Twenty-eight Days which any fuch Still (hall continue or (hall be prefumed to continue working under the faid recited Afts, or any other Aft or Aft8 in force in Ireland, be charged with and (hall pay Duty for fuch refpeftiyc Quantities of

Spirits

 v^ooQle

4oi

A.D. ificp.	49°	GEO.	HI.	0.99,

Spirits as might be produced, aocording to the Rates fpecifiql in the faid Ads from the feveral Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines feverally fet forth in the Table to this Ad annexed, for and in refped of each and every Still, being of the feveral Contents in the faid Table fpecihed and contained: And that every Diftiller (hall, over and above fuch feveral Quantities refpedively be charged with and pay Duty in refped of each and every Still or Stills for as much more Spirits as might be produced, according to the Rates in the faid Ads mentioned from all Pot Ale, Wa(h, Low Wine* or Singlings, which fuch Diftiller (hall adually diftil within every Period of four Weeks or Twenty-eight Days, over and above fuch feveral Quantities refpedively.

XXVIII. And be it further enaded, That from and after the 46G. 3. c. s§. Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thoufand eight hundred and § 47*. fo far as nine, fo much of the faid Ad made in the Forty-fixth Year of His J^^ouin prefent Majefty's Reign, intituled, An Ad to provide for the regulating Singlingsto die and fecur\ng the Colledion of the Duties on Spirits diftilled in Ireland, Quantity of and the warehoufing of fuch Spirits for Exportation, as enads that the Waft, repealed. Officer of Expife keeping an Account of Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings in any Dillillery (hall charge the Diftiller upon any ' Decreafe of Wafh or Pot Ale for a Quantity of Singlings calculated after the Rate of One Gallon of Singlings, for every Four Gallons of Wa(h or Pot Ale fo decreafed, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed : Provided always, that every fuch Officer lhall charge fuch Charge of Di^iller for a Quantity of Spirits after the Rate of Two Gallons of Spirit* ju Spirits for every Five Gallons of Singlings which (hall be adually produced by fuch Diftiller. from any Wafh or Pot Ale brewed from 1115 s*‘ Corn malted or unmalted, and upon any Decreafe of any fuch Low Wines or Singlings fuch Officer (hall charge fuch Diftiller for a Quantity of Spirits after the Rate of Two Gallons of Spirits for every Five Gallons of Singlings or Low Wines fo decreafed.

** Recital of 48 G. 3. c. 81. § t, repealing 46 G. 3. c. 88. § 52, as u to reducing Charge on Diftillers : and the Provitions of 48 G. 3.

c. 81. §5, on the fame Subjed:	In cafes of Accidents having

r< happened to Diftillers before the palling of the Ad 48 G. 3. or this €t Ad, Commifiioners of Excjfe, with Cenfent of Treafury, empowered “ to order Return of Duty paid by Diftillers. § 29.

XXX.	* And Whereas by the faid recited Ad of the Forty-fixth 46 G. 3.C.83.

*	Year aforefaid for regulating and fecuring the Colledion of the §*7«

*	Dutiefc on Spirits diftilled in Ireland, it is among other Things enaded,

*	That all Worts, Wafh, or Pot Ale, made from Corn, which (hall

*	not be diftihed at *he Expiration pf Six Days, including the Day

*	of brewing and the Day of ditlilling, fhall be confidered as Worts,

*	Wafh or Pot Ale, not included in any former Charge againft the

*	Diftiiier, and fuch Diftiller (hall be charged with Duty in refped of

*	fuch Worts, Wafh, or Pot Ale according to the Diredions of the

‘ faid Ad;' Be it enaded, That whenever any Diftiller (hall by the In cafe of Ac-burnipg or burfting of any Still by inevitable Accident have been cident, if Walh prevented from dilhlling any fuch Worts, Wafh, or Pot Ale within h prevented fuch Period pf Six Days, it lhall and may be lawful for fuch Diftiller diftilled^thin to apply to the faid Commifiioners of Inland Excife and Taxe9, and Six Days, and i* in cale the faid Commjfiiontrs (hall be farislied upon the Oath of fuch a&ually diftilled Diftiller, or otberwife, tkat fuch Accident was enevitabie, and not within Nine

49 Geo. III."	Dd '	owing

 v^ooQle

43*

fioncra of Excife, with the Confent ot Treatury, may abate the Charge of Duty.

Notice of (nth Accident ihall b»* given by the I)i (Idler* to the Officers, Survivor, CoII^or and Commif* ft mew.

Inhabitants of Towalands declared competent. Witneffes.

C.99.	49®	GEO. III.	AJD.1809;

owing to any Default or Negligence io fuch Diftiller or his Servants, and that all fuch Worts, Wafb, or Pot Ale were aftually diftilled at the Expiration of Nine Days, including the Day of brewing and the Day of diddling thereof, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commif-fioner?, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Commif-fioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer, to remit, abate, or reduce any Charge of Double Duty which may have been made upon fuch Diftiller in rcfpeft of fuch Worts, Wafh, or Pot Ale not having been diftilled at the Expiration of Six Days as afore-faid $ any Thing in the faid recited Aft to the contrary not with* (landing.

XXXI.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That whenever any fuch Accident by the burning or burding of a Still (hall fake place whereby any Diftiller (hall be prevented from the diddling any Worts, Wa(h, or Pot Ale, within fuch Period of Six Days, fuch Diftiller (hall within Six Hours after fuch Accident, give Notice of fuch Accident to the Officer of Excife in charge of the Diftillery of fuch Diftiller, and (hall within Twenty*four Hours next after fuch Accident give and tranfmit Notice thereof to the Surveyor of the Survey and Collector of Excife, of the Diftrift in which fuch Diftiliery is (ituate, and to the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, and in cafe of Negleft or Failure in the giving or tranfmitting of fuch Notices as aforefaid, or any of them, fuch Diftiller (hall not be entitled to any Remiffion, Abatement or Reduction of Duty on account of fuch Accident, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII.	And be it enabled, That in all Trials on Informations which may be traverfed under this or the faid recited Afts no Inhabitant of a Parifti, Towniand, Manor or Lord(hip (hall be deemed an incompetent Witnefs on account of his being, or being fuppofed to be interefted as an Inhabitant in the Event of fuch Trial.

11 Powers of former A&s extended to this Aft. j 33. Aft may be 4< altered this Seffion. § 34.

TABLE referred to by this AQt.

NUMBER of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines, for the Quantity of Spirits produceable wherefrom every Diftiller in Ireland (hall be chargeable with Duty within a Period of Four Weeks or Twenty-eight Days in rcfpeft of every Still of furffrDiftiller, being of the feveral Contents following v that is to fay,

Contents of the Stii^l. -		Number of Charges.	
3000 Gallons and upwards		-	58
Under 3000	Gallons and not lefs than	2750 Gallons	60
	 275°	m • * »	2500 - -	62
—— 2500	w + m m	2250	64
— ■ 2250	-	2000	67
2000	• • • *	1750	69
	 1750	• — •	150° - -	7*
;j5oo	V m •	1250	76

 (^.ooQle

4©3

A.D. 1809*	490	GEO.	III.	C*99,100*

Cowtents of the Still.	Number of	Charges.

	I25O	Gallons and	upwards	1000	-	82
Under	1000	Gallons and not lefs than		750	Gallons	9*
—<—	750	-	-	500	-	100
	.	500	-	m m	400	•	lIS
—	400	-	-	.5 co	•	129
—	300	-	m m	200	-	144
	.	200	.	• *	190	m	160
— ..	I90	•	• m	180	-	168
—	l80	-	•	170	—	176
-	170	-	m m	160	•	184
——	l6o	-	m m	150	m	192
—	150	-	m m	140	m	200
—r—	140	•	m m	130	m	208
—	130	-	fc •	120	m m	216
			120	•	• m	IIO	m	224
- —	IIO	-	m m	100	— •	2 32
—	100	-	• •	90	•	240
—- ■■	90	-	• • •	80	— —	250
- ■ ■	80	-	m m	70	*	260
—•	70	m m	•	60		270
—	60	-	• m	5°		280

CAP. C.

An A& to amend the feveral Ads for fecuring the Colle&ion of the Duties on A unions in Ireland.	[15th June 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Ad made in the laft Scffion of Parliament, intituled. An A3 to amend an A3 made in the Forty-4 froenth Tear of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for fecuring the ColleSion 4 of the Duties on AuBions in Ireland 5 it is among other Things pro-• vided and tnaded, That upon any Sale by Audion of any Eftate, * Goods, or Effr&s, feized for the Benefit of any Creditor in Execu-4 tion of any Judgment by any Sheriff or Sheriffs, or Perfon employed • by him or them, the Sheriff or Sheriffs, under whole Authority * fuch Sale (hall be made, (hall be liable to and (hall be charged and 4 chargeable with the full Audion Duty on all Goods and Effeds fold 4 at fuch Sale, and that a Return or Account of fuch Sale, and Pay-4 ment of the Duty thereon, (hall be made by or on the Part of fuch * Sheriff: And whereas it is expedient that no Audion Duty (hould 4 be paid on fuch Sales Be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, apd by the Authority of the fame, That after the Expiration of Ten Days after the paffing of this Ad, in cafe the Sheriff under whofe Authority any fuch Sale (hall be made* or his Under-Sheriff, (hall certify at the Foot of the Return or Account of fuch Sale, that all the Eftate, Goods, and Effeds, in fuch Account fpeaified, were really the Property of the Perfon againft whom fuch Judgment was had and obtained, and that the fame and every Part thereof were adually feized in Execution of the fam$, Judgment, in

D d 2	Manner

48 G. 3, c. S3, §6.

Sale by Au&ion of Eftates or Efle&s taken in Execution exempt from Duty, on Gertificite of the SherHf, as required by

47	1.

C. 17. § 22,

 LjOOQle

4»4

Fees fhall be

payable on Criminal Profe-rutions accord-ins; to the following Table*

C. ioojibi.	49° GEO. III.	A.D.1809.

Manner direfted and contained in an Aft made in the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefty's Reign, intituled, An Ad to fccure the Collection of the Duties on Auctions in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds therein, fuch Certificate fhall be a fufficient Authority to the Exami-nator of Auftion Duty in Dublin, or to the Colleftor of Excife of the Diftrift, 23 thevCafe may be, to difchargc the faid Sheriff from all Duty on the Sale of fuch Goods by Auftion, without any Payment of any fiich Duty, any Thing in the faid recited Aft of the laft Svflion of Parliament to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. Cl.

An Act to regulate the Fees payable by Perfons charged with Treafon, Felony, and all other Offences, at Aflizes and Quarter Seffions in Ireland; and for amending an Aft of the Parliament of Ireland, made in the Thirty-fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, relating thereto.	[15th	June 1809.]

€ YT7HEREAS great Inconvenience refults from the Uncertainty

•	VV and Difference in the feveral Counties of Ireland, as to the

*	Rates of Fees payable on Criminal Profefcutions, ind the feveral

*	other Matters relating thereto, before the Judges of Affize and the « Chairman and other Jiiflices at Seffions, and gfaat Mifchief has 4 arifen for want 6f the fatne being regulated and duly afcerrained :

•	Ahd whereas great Benefit would accrue from the due Regulation ‘ thereofBe it therefore enafted, by the King's moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled,

~and by the Authority of the fame. That no other or higher Fees than thofe enumerated in the Schedule herein-after fet forth, fhall henceforward be payable on Criminal Profecutions, or any other Matter or Thing relating thereto, in any County, County of a City, County of a Town, or other Place in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, to any of the Officers therein mentioned; that is to fay :

To the Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, for each Perfon that fhall be indifted and tried for High Treafon -	-

To the fame, for each Perfon that fhall be indifted and tried for Petty Treafon or Murder -To the fame, for each Perfon that fhall be indifted and tried for Felony or other Offence ...

To the fame, for each Perfon ^whofe Trial fhall be poftponed to a fubfequent Affizes, or other Time for opening and holding a frefh Commiffion of Affizes or Oyer and Terminer, Half the Fees that he is hereby entitled to charge on the foregoing Offences; and in cafe the Perfon charged by the Indiftment fhall poft-pone his Trial, he is to pay the fame hhnfelf; at.d in cafe the Trial fhall be poftponed by the Crown or Profecutor, then the faid Half Fees are to be pre* fented off the County at large, in the fame Manner that the Fees of the Prifoners acquitted are made payable as hereafter mentioned.

x. s. a.

2 13 4 i 13 4 1	6	—

To



Google

AJX1809.	49°	GjEO.	III.

C.101.

To the fame, for each Perfon that (hall be ordered to enter into Recognizance, whether to attend at a fub-fequent Affizes or Commiflion, or to be of the Ptace and good Behaviour ..	.	-

To the fame, on receiving every Burning, Houghing, Maiming, or other Petition

With a further Fee of Six Shillings in cafe he (hall be required to draw and prepare the fame.

To the fame, for filing every Affidavit that (hall be fworn in relation to Crirrpnal Bufinefs To the fame, for making out and atteftrng every Copy of fuch Affidavit ...

To the fame, for every Crown Summons in which the Parties may infert the Names of Four WitnefTcs, requiring their Attendance to give Evidence on any of the Matters relating to Criminal Profecution To the fame, for every Bench Warrant or Crown Capias, in which the Names of ail the Perfons charged in the IndiAment, that have not appeared or been tried (hall be inferted	-	•

To the fame, for every Certificate that may be required of him in relation to Crown Bufinefs To the fame, for the Copy of the Entry of each IndiAment which he is by Law authorized to furnifh To the fame, for each Copy of an Examination which he is by Law authorized to furnifh ... To the fame, for the Copy of each- IndiAment that he is by Law authorized to furnifh -	•

To the fame, for every Search he is required to make amongft his Records in relation to Crown Bufinefs To the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, for each Perfon that (hall be indiAcd and tried at the General Scffions, or any Adjournment thereof, whether for Felony or other Offence -	-	- •

To the fame, for each Perfon whofe Trial fhall be poftponed -	•	...

The fame to be paid by Perfon charged in the IndiAment, if he poftpones his Trial 5 and if the Court or Profecutor poftpones the Trial, to be paid by Prefentroent, in like Manner as the Fees of Perfons acquitted To the fame, for each Ptrfo^ that fhall be ordered to enter into Recognizance, whether fqr good Behaviour or otherwife	-	-	-	-	-

To the fame, for filing every Affidavit that fyaU be fworn in relation to Drown Bufinefs To the lame, for making out a Cqpy, and a*tefting every fuch Affidavit -	-

To the fame, (or every Crown Summons in which thje Parties may infert the Names of Four Witneffes To the fame, for every Bench Warrapt in which the Names of all the Parties named in the IndiAment, Pd3

*. 1. d.

~ 7 9

— 6 — — 6 —

—	34

—	3 4

—	3 4 3 4

—	6 .8 — 68

—	2 2

1 6 *

-	5 ^

-	1 <5

—	6 8

—	34

—	5

that

4*S



49° geo. in.

4©6	C.IOW

A.D.I8Q9.

that have not appeared or flood their Trials, are to be inferted -	....

To tbe fame, for every Certificate in relation to Crown Bufinefs only -	-	-

To the fame, for every Copy of an Indi&menc To the fame, for every Copy of the Entry of fuch In-di&roent in Crown Book	-

To the fame, for every Copy of an Examination To the fame, for every Search he (hall be required to make amongft his Records in relation to Crown Bufinefs -	-	-

To the Sheriff or Under Sheriff, for each Perfon that fhall be indi&ed and tried at either Afiizes or Scffiona	•	-	...

To the fame, for each Perfon whofe Trial (hall be poft-poned, payable under tbe fame Terms as before mentioned, relative to Clerks of the Crown and Peace, aBd their Deputies -	-

To the Gaoler for each Perfon that (hall be indicted and tried at either Afiizes or Seffions -	-

To the fame, for each Perfon whofe Trial (hall be poft-poned, payable as before mentioned with refpe& to Clerks of the Crown, and the other Officers before mentioned ...	.

To the fame, for the Copy of each Committal and Search -	-

To the Crier attending Afiizes or Seffions, for each Perfon that (hall be indifted and tried For each Perfon whofe Trial (hall be poftponed, payable as before mentioned, with refpe& to the other Officers -	-

To the fame, for every Recognizance that (hall be entered into at Afiizes or Seffions* and the Affidavits annexed thereto -	-	-

To the fame, for every other Affidavit that (hall be fworn in Court relating to Crown Bufinefs

j£. s, d*

—	'3 4

—	3 4

—	3	4'

—	34

—	18

—	1 S

—	6 —

—	34

—	3 4

—	1	8

—	1 7

—	2	6

—	1 3

—	1 7

Penalty on taking	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Clerk of the Crown,

higher Fees, 10I. Clerk of the Peace, or any of their Deputies, Sheriff or Under Sheriff, Gaoler or Under Gaoler, or Turnkey, or Crier at Afiizes or Seffioos, or other Perfon ading under them, or any of them, (hall demand, take, or accept, any other or higher Fee than the Sum or Sums dated and fet forth in the foregoing Schedule, for the feveral Matters and Things therein contained and fpecified, or for or on account of any other Matter or Thing whatsoever relating thereto, each and every fuch Perfon fo offending (hall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling, to be recovered ia any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record in DubRn, by A&ion of Debt, Bill, or Plaint, in which no Effoign, Prote&ion, or Wager of Law, or mere than one Imparlance, (hall be allowed, or by Civil Bill, to be beard and determined by the Affidant Barrifters at the Seffions of the Peace in fuch Counties as the faid Offences fhall be committed.

III.	Ax4



Google

A.D«i8o9'	49° GEO. Ill*	C.ior.

III.	And be it further enaAed, That .it (hall and may be lawful to and for the feveral Grand Juries throughout Ireland, at each Affizes, to prefent for the feveral Clerks of the Crown and Clerks of the Peatc, or their Deputies, Sheriffs, or Under Sheriffs, Gaoler*, and Criers, in Ueu of the Fees of fu.ch Perfons as (hall be indiAed, tried, acquittrd and difeharged, without Fees, at or between each Affixes, any Sum they (hail think reafonable and fair, in lieu of fuch Fees as they have been heretofore accuHomed to demand and receive for the fame, not exceeding fuch Amount as (hall be afeertained, according to the Rates in this AA allowed, by the Affidavit of fuch Clerk of the Crown, Clerk of the Peace, or other Officer herein-before mentioned, the fane to be fworn before the refpeAive Judges of Affizej and which Pref ntments fo made by the faid Grand Juries, the feveral Judges of Affize (hall and may order to be Gated, not-with Handing any Law or Ufage to the contrary.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enaAed, That in all and every Cafe where any Prifoner or Prifoners (hall be acquitted on account of or by reafon of any Informality, Error, or DefcA in any IndiAraent whereon any Prifoner or Prifoners (hall be tried, no Fee whatever (hall be paid to or prefented by the Grand Jury for fuch Clerk of the Crown, Clerk of the Peace, or any of their Deputies who (hall have prepared fuch informal or erroneous IndiAment for or on account thereof, or of any Prifoner that (hall be difeharged therefrom, provided that the Judge of Affize, Chairman, or Affiftant Barrifter at Seffions, (hall certify that fuch Acquittal or Acquittals was or were occaffoned by Informality, Want of Form, or other DefcA in the Indi Ament on which fuch Prifoner or Prifoners was or were acquitted and difeharged.

V.	* And Whereas by an AA of Parliament pafled in the Parli-4 ament of Ireland, in the Thirty-fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, 4 intituled, An Act for the better and more convenient Adnuniftration 4 of Jujlice, and for the Recovery of Small Debts in a fummary Way 4 at the Seffions of the Peace in toe feveral Counties at large, within 4 the Kingdom of Ireland, except the County of Dublin ; and for continuing 4 and amending an Ad, intituled, An Act for the better Execution of 4 the Law and Prefervation of the Peace within Counties at large, it 4 was thereby amon^ft other Things enaAed, That from and after 4 the FirH Day of June One thoufand (even hundred and ninety-fix, 4 it (hould and mignt be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or 4 other Chief Governor, or Governors of the faid Kingdom for the 4 Time being, by and with the Advice of the Privy Council, to divide 4 each and every of the feveral Counties at large of that Kingdom, 4 except the Counties of DubRnf into Two Divifions, for the Purpofe 4 of more conveniently hearing and determining of Civil Bills only, 4 and that each of fuch Divifions (hould confift of a certain Number 4 of Baronies or Half Baronies, or both: And whereas in feveral 4 Counties in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, it 4 has, from the local Situation and irregular Divifions of Baronies, 4 been found very inconvenient and difireffing to the Inhabitants 4 thereof, that the faid Counties (hould be divided into DiHriAs by 4 Baronies and Half Baronies on!y$ and it would tend very much 4 to the Convenience of His Majefty’s SubjcAs refiding in many 1 of the faid Counties, that the fame fhould be divided into Divifions 4 by a certain Number of Baronies, Half Baronies, and Pariffies,

D d 4	4 inftead

4<>7

Grand Juries may prefent for Fees of Perfons dif-charcr**d without Fee*.

Ne fees fhall be paid in Cafes of Acquittal by DefeA in the * Indi Ament.

So much of Irifti AA,

36 G. 3.0. 25, as direAs DivHion of Counties into Baronies and Half Baronies repealed; Counties may be divided by Lord Lieutenant into Two Divifions, to coafift of Baronies, Half Baronies, and Parilhes,

 v^ooQle

* inftead of Baronies or Half Baronies only •* B? it therefore enafted. That fo much of the faid Aft as direfts that the feveral Counties of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland (hould be divided into Two Divifions, by a certain Number of Baronies or Half Baronies, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed ; and that.it (hall and may be lawful, from and after the puffing of thic Aft, to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chirf Governor or Governors, of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for the time being, by and with the Adv:ce of the Privy Council, to divide fuch of the feveral Counties of Ireland, as they (hall think expedient, for the Advantage and greater Convenience of the Inhabitants thereof into Two Divifions, for the Purpofes of the fa’d Aft, and none other, to confift of a certain Number of Baronies, Halt Baronies, and Parifhes, within the faid Counties refpeftiveiy, inftead of Baronies or Half Baronies only; and every fuch Divifion fo to be appointed, (hall be diftinguifhed by the Names of fome one Barony or Half Barony of which it (hall be compofed.

CAP. C1I.

An Act to appoint Commiffioners to inquire and examine, until the Firft Day of Augufi One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, into the Nature and Extent of the feveral Bogs in Ireland, and the Practicability of draining and cultivating them, and the beft Means of effefting the fame.

[15th June 1809.]

WHEREAS there are large Trafts of undrained Bog in Ireland, the Drainage whereof is neceflary for their being 4 brought into a State of Tillage : And whereas th* adding their • Contents to the Lands already under Cultivation would not only * increafe the Agriculture of Ireland, and Contribute much to its * Refources for the Suftenance of the Britijh Empire and its pro-4 fitable Export of Corn, but is highly expedient towards promoting • a fecure Supply of Flax and Hemp within the United Kingdom*, 4 for the Ufe of the Navy, and Support of the Lintn Manufacture; • independent of Foreign Nations and of the Interruptions arifing 4 from the Influence of political Events upon Foreign Trade: And • whereas the Appointment of Commiffioners for the Purpofe of * afeertaining the Extent of fuch Bogs, and the Practicability and 4 Expence of draining the fame, and for the other Purpofes herein-f after mentioned, will materially affift in effeftirg their Cultivation ;* Be it therefore enafted by the King’s moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by Nine Commit- the Authority of the fame, That any Perfons (not exceeding in the fioners, maybe whole the Number of Nine Perfons) who (hall be nominated and named by L*rd appointed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Go-Leutenant of vtrnors of Ireland for the Time being, by Writing under the Hand uno^he^atTft6 or Hands of fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Go-thc Bogs there 5 vernors to be Commiffioners for the Execution of this Aft, (hall be exceeding 500 and they are hereby appointed to be Commiffioners for afeertaining Acres in Extent, the Extent of all fuch Bogs in Ireland as (hall by Repute or Efti-mation Exceed the Extent of Five hundred Acres; and for inquiring

and



A.D.1809.	49*	HI.	C.rc>2.	409

and examining into the Prafticability of draining each fuch Bog, and into the beft. Mode and probable Expence of cffefting fuch Drainage; the Depth of Bog Soil, the Nature of the Strata immediately underneath ; the Nature and Diftance of the Manure beft fitted fnr their Imorovement, and the Expence of making the Dcceifary Roads or Canals for conveying fuch Manure into and through the fame, from the neareft or molt convenient Publick High Roads or Canals, and for the carrying out the future Produce of the Bog Land, when cultivated, to the neared or mod PubPck Roads or Canals, together with the Opinion of the faid Commiffioners as to fuch Meafures as they (hall deem ntceffary or expedient for carrying into fpeedy Effeft the Drainage, Cultivation, and Improvement of all fuch Bogs, and the future Increafe of Timber in Ireland, by providing for the Plantation and Prefervation of Trees in fuch Parts thereof as (hail be beft fitted for the Purpofe.

II.	And be it further enaft d. That in cafe of any Vacancy or Appointment of Vacancies by Death or Rtfignation of any One or more of the Com- newCommif-miffi >ners to be appointed by virtue of this Aft during the Continuance **oaers* thereof, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant

or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to nominate and appoint fuch Pcrfon or Pei Tons as he or they may think proper to fupply fuch Vacancy or Vacancies ; and every Per-fon fo nominated and appointed (hall be fubjeft to the fame Rules,

Regulations, and Reftnftion9, and (hall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Aft into Execution to all Intents and Porpofes whstfoever, as the Perfons originally appointed to be Com-mifiioners under this Aft.

III.	And be it further enafted, That ail and every Per fon and No Salary to Perfon9 who (hail aft as a CommifGoner or Commiflioners under Conmiffioow. this Aft, (hall fo aft without any Salary, Recompence, or Reward whatever.

" Comnrflioners (ball be fworn, § 4. Comnrvflioners empowered to “ mert and make Inquiries; to examine Perfons on Oath; and “ to appoint Engineers. Surveyors, &c. for the Execution of this u Aft, § 3. Commiflioners and their Surveyors, &c. empowered “ to enter on Lands, to furvey and afeertain the Nature of the *♦ Soil, &c. § 6. Commiflioners may fit in the Houfe of the Lintn li Board, or Dublin Society, § 7. Commiflioners (hall report their u Proceedings to Lord Lieutenant and Parliament, with Plans for

the Cultivation of the Bogs, &c. § 8. On Application of Pro-^prictors of Bog9 lefs than joo Acres, Commiflioners may make ** Inquiries as to the fame under this Aft, § 9. Treafury ot Ireland “ may iffue 30001. to defray the Expences of Surveyors, Engineers,

•* Clerks, and Officers, afting under the Commifiiopers, § 10.

XI. And be it further enafted, That if any Pcrfon or Perfons (hall, Perfons giving Upon his, her, or their Examination before the’faid Commiflioners, or ^Evidence any Three of them, wilfully and corruptly give falfe Evidence, every S'111*0 fuch Pcrfon fo offending, and being thereof duly convift-d, (hall be, and he, file, and they is and are hereby declared to be fubjeft and liable to fuch Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in force and eff ft in Ireland, Perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are fubjeft and liable to.

“ Continuance of Aft, 1 k Augu/l 1811, § 12..

6	CAP.

C. 103.

A.D. 1809,

419

48 G. 3. c. 65.



**•

§•«

Where Loan of Money {hall be advanced by the Truftees and CouuniUkmers oi Firft Fruits, no Security or Bond for the Repayment {hall be required.

C. 103.	49®	GEO.	III.

cap. an.

An AQ. to amend an Aft made in the lad Seffion of Parliament, for making Provifion for the building and re-building of Churches, Chapels, and Glebe Houfes in Ireland.

[15th June 1809.]

*	X17HEREAS by an Aft made in the laft Seffion of Parliaments

* VV intituled, Jin AS to make more ejTcSual Provifion for the 4 building and rebuilding of Churches, Chafels, and Glebe Houfes> and 4 for the Pur chafe of Glebe Lands, Glebe Houfes, and Impropriations 4 in Ireland, it was among other Things enafted, That on Appli-

*	cation made to the Truftees and Commiffioners of Firft Fruits in 4 Ireland, in Manner in the faid Aft mentioned concerning the ereft-4 ing of any new Church or Chapel or the re-building of any Church 4 or Chapel in any Parifti or PUce in Ireland, it fhould be lawful for 4 the faid Truftees and Commiffioners to advance to the Parties mak-4 ingfuch Application, out of tbe Monies and Funds intruded to their 4 Care, the whole or any Part of the Sum or Sums of Money to be 4 applied in the Ereftion or re-butiding of fuch Church or Chapel 5 4 and that if the faid Truftees and Commiffioners {hould be of Opinion 4 that it was fitting that any Sum of Money fo advanced, or any Part 4 thereof, (hould be advanced by way of Loan to and fhould be repaid 4 by any Parifti, it fhould be lawful for the faid Truftees and Com-4 miffioner8 to require and take Security by Bond for the repaying of

„ 4 fuch Money fo advanced, in Manner and at the Tiroes in the faid 4 Aft mentioned; and that every Bond for Money advanced by the 4 Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of the Treafury of Ireland\

4 by virtue of the faid Aft fhould be made payable to Hie M jefty, 4 his Heirs and SucceiTor3 ; and if fuch Sum of Money fhould not 4 be duly paid, the faid Bonds fhould be put in Suit under the 4 Orders of the faid Lord Hi*»h Treafurer, or Commiffioners of 4 tbe Treafury, or any Three of them \ And whereas the Inconvenience 4 refulting to Individuals from the entering into the Bonds and Sccu-4 rities required by the faid recited Aft may obftruft the Attainment 4 of the beneficial Effefts of the faid Aft Be it therefore enafted by the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual antf Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTcmbled, and by tbe Authority of the fame, That from and after the paffing of this Aft, whenever any Sum or Sums of Money whatever mail be advanced by the faid Truftees an<) Commiffioners by way of Loan, and to be repaid by the Parifti or Place in which any Church or Chapel fo to be erefted or rebuilt fhall be erefted or fituate, whether fuch Money (hall be advanced by the faid Truftees and Commiffioners out of any Money to be advanced to them by the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of the Treafury, or out of any other Funds in the Hands, Power, Cuftody, Pofleffion or Difpofal of the faid Commiffioners and Truftees, it fhall not be neceffary for the faid Commiffioners and Truftees to require and take any fuch Security by Bond as in the faid Aft is mentioned for the Repayment of any fuch Sum or Sums of Money fo advanced, or any Part or Proportion thereof, any Thing in the faid recited Aft, or in any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland\ to the contrary in any wife uotwithftanding.

II. And



Google

AJJ.1809.	49*Geo»HL.	C.103.	4U

II. And be it further enafted, That from and after the palling of InftadotSe-this Aft, whenever the Mioitter and Churchwardens, or any Two curityocBuad Proteftant Inhabitants of any Pariih or Place in Irelandin which it	-

(hall be propofed and intended thit any Church or Chapel (hall be erefted or rebuilt, (hall have made Application in Manner direfted by the laid recited Aft, to the laid Truflees and Commiffioners for the Parifhiooen may advancing of any Money for fuch Purpofe, and the faid Truilees and make an Affeff-Commiflionera (hall have fignified their Intention of advancing any ®cnt *h* Sum or Sums of Money for fuch Purpofe, and (hall be of Opinion whole Sum tob* that it is fitting and expedient that luch Sum or Sums of Money, yUi/V awwul or any Part thereof, ihould be advanced by way of Loan to, and (hould be repaid by fuch Pariih or Place, then and in fuch Cafe in the Place and Stead of any Bond or Security being taken by the faid Truftees for the Re-payment of fuch Sum of Monty, or any Part thereof, it (hall and may be lawful for the Inhabitants of any fuch Parifh or Place, aflembled at a Veftry duly fummoned and called upon. Seven Days Notice at lead, to make an Afleffment upon fuch P«ri(h or Place, of a Sum equal to the whole Sum fo to be advanced by Way of Loan* to be repaid by Inflalments in Seventeen fucceffive Years.

III.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may he lawful Mode of tailing for every fuch Veftry to aflefs upon fuch Pariih or Place the whole* *ucll*,iw|ai Sum fo to be advanced by way of Loan, to be raifed, levied, and paid in Manner and at the Times following, that is to fay, Six Pounds	eau

per Centum of the Sum fo advanced and to be repaid, (hall be fo raifed and paid by fuch Parifti on or before the Firft Day of July next f after the Expiration of One Year from the Day on which luch Sum (hall be fo advanced 5 Six Pounds per Centum more of fuch Sum oa or beforethe Firft Day of July in every fucceeding Year, until Ninety-fix Pounds per Centum of the Sum fo advanced and to be repaid (hall be fo raifed and paid by fuch Parifh ; and the remaining Four Pounds per Centum of fuch Sum on or before the Firft Day of July in the Year fucceeding that in which the laft Inftalment of Six Pounds per Centum (hall have been paid as before-mentioned ; and that the Amount of the faid annual Inftalments, or Sum or Sums of Money, (hall be a Charge on fuch Parifti or Place, and (hall, without further Authority, be from Time to Time applotted, levied, and raifed without further Affeflment in fuch Parifti or Place, in fuch Manner, and with all fuch Powers and Remedies for the applotting, railing, apd levying of the fame in all Refpefts as is or are provided for the applotting, railing, and levying of any Sum or Sums of Money, Rate, Parifti Afleffment,

Cefs, or Pax, for repairing, building, or re-building of any Church or Chapel, or other neccffary Charges belonging to fuch Church or Chapel, under or by virtue of the faid recited Aft of the laft Seffion, or of any other Aft or Afts in Force in Ireland at the Time of the palfing of this Aft; and that all Churchwardens and Veftrics (ball have the like Power to aflefs all Parifhes and Places, and to applot and levy fuch Affeffments, and be accountable for the fame, and to do all Matters and Things for the afleflipg fuch Sums, or for applotting, yaifing, and levying of fuch annual Inftalments or Sums fo to be payable as aforefaid in all Refpefts whatfoever, as they now have refpeftively touching or concerning any Rate or Rates, Sum or Sums of Money,

Parifti Cefs or Tax, for the repairing, building, or re-building of any Church or Chape), or any other neccffary Charge belonging to

fuch



On Certificate to the Ordinary, of fuch AfTeflment% &c. Truftce* lhall advance the Money required.

Inftalments {hall be received by Churchwardens, and then paid to Truftees, and thence to the Treafury, 8cc-

On Failure of Payment of Inftalments, within 21 Days of 2lft of July yearly, the Bifhop may appoint a Perfon'to levy the fame, with lol. pt r cent, additional.

fuch Church or Chapel, under or by virtue of any (uch Ad or Ads at

aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That a Certificate figned by the Churchwardens, or Two Proteftant Inhabitants of any fuch Parifh or Place, that fuch AfTefiraent had been made in and for fucb Parifh or Place, (hall be forthwith tranfmitted to the Ordinary of the Diocefe ; and upon fuch Certificate, together with the Approbation of the laid Ordinary, being by the faid Ordinary tranfmitted to or laid before the faid Truftees and Commiffioners of Firft Fruits, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Truftees and Commiffioners forthwith to advance and pay to the Perfons applying under the faid recited A&, out of any Monies or Funds entrulted to the Care of the faid Truftees and Commiffioners fuch Sum or Sums of Money as they (hall have previoufly (ignified to be in their Opinion fit and proper to be applied in the Erection or building of any fuch Church or Chapel rcfpt&ively, in Manner herein before mentioned,

V.	And be it further cna&ed, That all and every fuch Inftalraeot and Sum or Sums of Money fo to be raifed by any fuch Parirti or Place as aforefaid (hall be paid to the Churchwardens of fuch Pari(h or Place, and fhall by fuch Churchwardens, within Twenty-one Days after the Firft Day of July in every Year, be paid to the (aid Truftees and Commiffioners of Firft Fruits; and in cafe the Money fo advanced by fuch Truftees and Commiffioners fhall have been advanced by them out of any Money advanced to them by the Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of the Treafury of Ireland, fuch Sum and Sums of Money (hall, by the faid Truftees and Commiffioners, be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, within One Month after the Receipt thereof, by the faid Truftees and Commiffioners; and fuch Money may be again advanced to the faid Truftees and Commiffioners by the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of the Treafury, for the Purpofes of the faid recited A&, in Manner and under the Regulations mentioned and contained in the faid recited Aefc.

VI.	And be it further enadfed, That in cafe Default (hall be made in the railing or Payment of the faid Inllalments, or Sum or Sums of Money, or any of them, by the faid Parifh or Place, or by the faid Churchwardens, to the faid Truftees and Commiffioners of Firft Fruits, and any fuch Inftalmeot or Sum or Sums of Money fhall be behind and unpaid, and not duly raifed, paid, and fatisfied to the faid Truftees and Commiffioners, before the Expiration of Twenty-one Days after the Firft Day of July, in any Year wherein the fame ought U> be fo

Eaid as aforefaid; it lhall and may be lawful for the Btfhop of the )iocefe in which fuch Parifh or Place fhall be fituate, and he is hereby authorized and required to nominate and appoint forae fit and proper Perfon or Perfons to levy fuch Inftalment or Sum or Sums of Money as fhall be fo due and unpaid, together with Iutereft for the fame, at and after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annipn, from the Day on which the fame ought t» have been paid, until the fame (hall be aftually paid, and a further Sum after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum on the Amount of fuch Inftalment, or Sum otf Money lo payable, which faid Sum after the Rate of Ten Poupds per Centum, (hall and may be received and retained by fuch Perfon or Perfons fo to be nominated and appointed, for his or their Pains and Trouble, in levying and recovering of the faid IolUlmcnt, aqd all and every Perfon or Pci funs who fhall be fo nominated and appointed

for

 C^ooQle

•413

A«Dt iBo^«	GEO.	Ill*	C.103.

for the Purpofe aforefaid, (hall have/ufe, 3*d exercife, all fuch Powers and Authorities, for the levying and raifing fuch Instalment, and Stun and Sums of Money, as the Churchwardens of fuch Parilh or Place, or any other Perfon or Perfons lawfully might or could have, ufe, and exercife, for the levying and railing fuch Inftalment, or any Parilh Rate or Affiffinent under this Aft, or any other Aft or Afts, •and fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall pay over and account for all fuch Inftalments, and all Sum and Suras of Money received by them on account ol the fame, or of the Intereft of the fame as aforefaid, to the faid Commiffioners and Truftees, within Twenty-one Days after the Receipt of the fame, by fuch Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid.

“ Prrfons having given Bond for any Money advanced by Truftees M before the palling of this Aft, may be difeharged on Application “ to the Churchwardens, and a Rate being made according to this " Aa. § 7.

VIII. And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, from .T? me to Time to dire& the Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Trcafurer of Ireland, toraife and borrow by Treafury Bills, at an Intereft of Five Pounds per Centum, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Fifty thou-fand Pounds, to be paid to the laid Commiffioners and Truftees of Firft Fruits to be by them applied in Loans towards the building or re-building of Churches and Chapels in Ireland, in fuch Manner as lb mid be direfted by Parliament, and the faid Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds fliall be and the fame is hereby granted to and veiled in His Majefty, to be applied from Time to Time to the Purpofes of the faid recited Aft of the Forty-eighth Year aforefaid, and this Aft; and that, for the railing of the faid Sum of Fifty Thoufand Pounds, it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer of Ireland for the Time being, in confluence of any fuch Dire&ion from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to raife and borrow fuch Part of the faid Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds as fhail or may be nrcelfary from Time to Time by the IlTue of Treafury Bills for that PtKpcft, bearing Intereft at a Rate not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and that the faid Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds, or fo much thereof as (hall from Time to Time be railed and borrowed as aforefaid, (hall be applied to the Purpofes of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, and (hall and may be iffiied and paid by the laid Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurerof Ireland, to the faid Truftees and Commiffioners of Firft Fruits, to be by them applied in Loans towards the building and re-building of Churches and ChapeL'in Ireland, according to the Rules, Directions, Provifions, Regulations, and Rtftriftions contained in the faid recited Aft of the Forty-eighth Year aforefaid^ and this Aft.

CAP,

The Lord Lieutenant may dire<ft the Treafury to borrow 50,000 1, by Treafury Bills, to be paid to Board of Firft Fruits for building and re-building Churches, £*»



4»4

C.104—io$,

A.D. 1S09.

Irrft Ad,

13 & 14 G. 3.

C» 5*

J5 & 16 G. 3.

«. 2.

19 & 20 G. 3. c.2. for granting Life Annuities.

33 0.3. e. 27. 33 G.3. (t.) c* 1. for preventing traitorous Corcfpondeace.

Claims of Perfons, prevented l»y faid A&s of 33 G.a. from applying for Payment of Annuities within Three Yean, {hall be received and allowed.

49G.3.C. 8,

49# GEO. III.

cap. av.

An Act to amend fereral Afts made in the Parliament of Ireland, for granting Ijife Annuities with Benefit of Survivorfliip.

[15th June 1809.3

WHEREAS feveral Ads were pafled in the Parliament of Ireland, in the feveral Sefflons held in the Thirteenth and * Fourteenth Years, and in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years, and • in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of His prefent * Majefty, whereby certain Life Annuities were granted with Benefit ♦ of Survivorfliip to fuch Perfons as fhould voluntarily fubferibe to-* 4 wards railing the feveral Sums in the faid feveral Ads refpedively * mentioned, and it was by the faid recited Ads provided, that in calc * any Perfon who fhould be entitled to receive any Annuity or Annuities * by the Intent of the faid recited Ads, fhould negled to demand • the fame in Manner required by the faid recited Ads for the Space * of Three Years, he or (he fhould for ever lofe and forfeit the fame, * as if his or her refpedive Nominee had been dead at the Com-4 mencement of the faid Three Years: And whereas by reafon of • certain Provifions contained in Two Ads patted in the Parliaments e of Ireland and of Great Britain, in the Thirty-third Year of His * prefent Majefty’s Reign, more efc&ually to prevent during the War * between Great Britain and France all traitorous Correfpondencc * with, or Aid or Afftftance being given to His Majefty's Enemies, • and in other Ads for the like Purpofes, divers of the faid Annuities 4 payable to Perfons as well Foreigners as Britijh Subjtds refiding ‘ in Parts beyond the Seas, may not have been demanded within the 4 Time preferibed by the faid recited Ads, forgranting Annuities ; • for Remedy whereof/ Be it enaded by the King's mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisjprefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Claim of all or any Perfon or Perfons who by reafon of the faid recited Ads for the preventing of fuch traitorous Correfpondence as aforefaid, fhall have been prevented from making fuch Claim, within the Time preferibed by the faid recited Ads for granting Annuities (hall be received, and the Annuities payable to all or any fuch Perfons or Perfon (hall be paid in like Manner as if fuch Claim had been made within the Time preferibed by the faid recited Ads for granting Annuities, any Thing in the faid recited Ads or any of them to the contrary in any wife not-withftandmg.

CAT. CV.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, an Aft of this prefent Seffion of Parliament, to fufpend the Importation of Britijh or Irifb made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland refpeftivdy.

[15th June 1809.3

“ Recited Ad continued till March 25, 1810.

CAP.



Google

CAP. CVI.

An Act for allowing further Time for taking Goods out of Warehoufe, and paying Duties thereon.

[15th June 1809.J

*	TT7HEREA8 by an Aft patted in the Forty-third Year of the

4 VV Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for permitting

*	certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be fecured in JYareboufes

*	without Payment of Duty, the Importers, Proprietors, or Confignees

*	of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which have been lodged in any

*	Warehoufe or Warehoufes, to be provided according to the Direc-

*	tions of that Aft, or otherwife fecured in the Port of London, are, 1 within Fifteen Calendar Months to be computed from the Day on 4 which the Importers, Proprietors, or Confignees (hall have made

*	their Fir ft Entry thereof, to clear and take from and out of fuch

*	Warehoufes or Places refpe^ively, either for Exportation or to be 4 confumed in Great Britain, all fuch Goods, Wares, or Merchandize 5

*	and Bond is direfted to be given to His Majefty for paying the 4 Duties upon certain Articles within Twelve Months from the Date

*	of the Firft Entry thereof: And whereas it may in certain Cafes be 4 expedient to allow further Time for clearing the laid Goods, Wares, 4 and Merchandize, and for paying the Duties thereon f Be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it fhall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treafurer, or the Lords Committioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, by Warrant under his or their Haiid or Hands, to permit and allow any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize enumerated or deferibed in the Tables anoexed to the faid recited Aft, or which may have been or (hall be added to fuch Tables by virtue and in purfuance thereof, to remain warehoufed or otherwife fecured, without Payment of the Duty of Cuftoms or Excife, for fuch further Time beyond the faid Period of Fifteen Months as the faid Lord High Treafurer, or the faid Lords Commif-fioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or any Three or more of them, may in their Judgment think reafonable and proper; and no Bond entered into for the Payment of 3ny fuch Duties (hall be proceeded upon during the extended Period for which any fuch Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, (hall or may be fo allowed to remain warehoufed or otherwife fecured under the Authority of this Aft.

II. 4 And whereas the Privileges and Advantages of the faid Aft 4 of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty have 4 been extended to the Out Ports in purfuance of an Aft of the 4 Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His faid Majefty, intituled, 'An 4 A3 to authorize the Lords Commifftoners of His Majefty9 s Treafury to 4 permit certain Articles to be warehoufed in (different Ports in Great 4 Britain, upon giving Security for the Payment of Duties upon the 4 Articles therein mentioned; and of another Aft of the Forty fixth Year 4 of the Reign of His faid Majefty, intituled, An A3 to extend the 4 Provifiens of an A3 made in the Forty-third Tear of His prefent 4 MajeJly, for permitting certain Articles to be warehoufed in Great 4 Bn tain, to other Articles not therein mentioned; and to alter the Con-

*	dition of the Bond dire3ed to be given by an A3 of the Twenty fourth

4 Tear

43 G* 3. c. 13JU



5 3, 4#

Treafury may permit Goods deferibed in Tables annexed to 43 G. 3. c. 132. to remain warehoufed in the Port of London without Payment of Duty, for any Period beyond 15 Months.

45 G. 3. e. 87*

46 G. 3.c. 137.



4*6

Yrrafury iftay in like Manner extend the Period for Goods ware-toufecl at any Out-Poit.

4(7. 3. c. 15 [§■41.]

G. a. c. S2.

Provifon* of recited Ails for recovering Pnmlties repealed.

C* io6> 107•	49® GEO. III.	A.D.1869*

4 Tear of His prefent Majejly, by the Mafiers and Owners of Vejfels 4 and Boats liccnfed by the Lords of the Admiralty ; and it is expedient.

*	that the Lord High Treafurer or the Lords Commifii oners of His 4 Mdjefty’s Treafury fhould be alfo empowered to extend the Period 4 for which the Goods may remain bonded and warehoufed at fuch

*	Out Ports ;* Be it therefore ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful tor the faid Lord High Treafurer or the faid Lotds Commif-fiontrs of His Majeffy’s Treafury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, by Warrant as aforefaid, to extend the Period for which any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, are allowed to be bonded and warehoufed at any Out Port of Great Britain; and no Dutits of Cuftoms or Excife (hall be demanded or required, nor (hail any Bond, given for the Security of fuch Dutiep, be enforced or proceeded upon during the extended Period which (hall or may be showed under the Authority of this Ad.

C A P. CVIL

An A£l for the more effectual Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred in the Briti/h Colonies and Plantations in America.	[15th June 1809.]

4 TT THERE AS by divers Ads of Parliament relating to the 4 VV Trade and Revenue of His Majelty’s Colonies and Plau-4 tations in America, fundry Penalties and Forfeitures are inflicted,

4 which, by Two Ads, the one paffed in the Fourth Year of His 4 prefent Majefty^ Reign, intituled, An Ad for granting certain Duties 4 in the Britifli Colcnies and Plantations in America ; for continuing,

4 amending, and making perpetual, an Ad pajfed in the Sixth Tear of the 1 Reign of His late Majejly King George the Second, (intituled, An Aft 4 for the better fecuring and encouraging the Trade of His Majejly's Sugar 4 Colonies in America ;) for applying the Produce of fuch Duties, and of 4 the Duties to arife by virtue of the faid Ad, towards defraying the 4 Expences of defending, proteding, and fecuring the faid Colonies and 4 Plantations ; for explaining an Ad made in the Twenty fifth Tear of the 4 Reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled, An Ad for the Encou-4 ragement of the Greenland and E a it land Trades, and for the better 4 fecuring the Plantation Trade ; ) and for altering and difallowing federal 4 Drawbracks on Exports from this Kingdom; and more ejfedually 4 preventing the clandejltne Conveyance of Goods to and from the faid

*	Colonies and Plantations, and improving and fecuring the Trade between 4 the fame jatid Great Britain ; and the other paffed in the Eighth Year 4 of His prerffnt Majt fly’s Reign, and intituled, An Act for the more 4 eafy and ejfedual Recovery of the Penalties and Forfeitures injlided by

*	the Ads of Parliament relating to the Trade or Revenues of the Britifh 4 Colonies and Plantations in America; are to be profecuted, fued for,

*	and rtcovered in certain Courts in the (aid Ads mentioned: And

* whereas it is expedient to alter and amend the Provifions of the faid 4 Ads;’ Be it therefore cnaded by the King’s moil Excellent Maj ftv, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That all the Provifions contained in the faid recited Ads, or in any other Ads, as to profecuting, fuinor for, and recovering any Penalties or Forfeitures incurred in the Briti/h Colonies ox Plantations in Americaf under any Law relative to

 C^ooQle

A.D. 1809.	49® GEO. IIL	0.107,1*8.	4*7

the Trade or Revenue of the faid Colonies or Plantation*, (hall be (except as to and the fame are hereby repealed, except only as to any Proceeding* Proofing* Under the faid Ada now depending, or which (hall be commenced before the Tenth Day of OBobcr One thoufand eight hundred and b® tettodtdm nine ; and that all fuch Penalties and Forfeitures which may hdve any Court of been heretofore, or may be hereafter incurred, (hail and may be pro- Record, or fecuted, fued for, and recovered in any Court of Record, or of Vice- Vice-Admifahy, Admiralty having Jurifdidion, in the Colony ,or Plantation where the Caufe of Profecution arifea ; and in Cafes where there (hall happen to gtc# be no fuch Courts, then in any Court of Record, or of Vice- Proceediagsla Admiralty having Jurifdidion in fome Britijh Colony or Plantation Odes of near to that where the Caufe of Profecution arilra; provided^ that Seizure** in C*fca where a Seizure is made »n any other Colony than that where the Forfeiture accrues, fuch Seizure may be profecuted in any Court of Record, or of Vice-Admiralty having Jurifdidion, either in the Colony or Plantation where the Forfeiture accrues, or in the Colocy or Plantation where the Seizure is made, at the Eiedion of the Seizor or Profecutor ; and in Cafes where there (hall happen to be no fuch Courts in either of the laft mentioned Colonies or Plantations then in any Court of Record, or of Vice-Admiralty having Jurifdidion, in fome Britijh Colony or Plantation near to that where the Forfeiture accruef, or to that where the Seizure is made, at the Election of the Seizor or Profecutor.

II.	And be it further enaded, That fuch Seizures, by whomsoever Seizures (hall b# made, (hall be lodged and depofited in tbe Cuftody of the Collcdor and Comptroller of the Cuftoma at the Port where they (hall be made, Compton,* of or into which they (hall be carried for Adjudication under the afore- Cuftoow, &c. faid Provifions, and (hall be fubjed in refped to the Charge, Care, and fubjed Sale, and Delivery thereof, to the Rules and Regulations of an Ad of G* a*c*40* the Twenty-fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An AB for regulating the Production of Mamfefls, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent Pradices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the elandfline re-landing of Goods; and (hall be deliverable on Security according to the Rules of another Ad of the Twenty-eighth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled. An AB more effectually to as G. 3. * 34. fecure the Performance of Quarantine, and for amending feveral Laws relating to the Revenue of Cujioms, in like Manner as if the Provifions of the Two lad recited Adis were herein repeated.

CAP. CVIII.

An Ad to amend the feveral Ads refpeding the Payment of Wages and Prize Money, and Allotment of Wages, to Perfons ferving in His Rfajefty’s Royal Navy..

[15th June 1809.]

4 TY7HEREAS certain Provifions in an Ad pafled in the t VV Twenty-fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty,

4 intituled. An AB for tbs further preventing Frauds and Abufes attend- 26 G. 3. c. 6S.

* ing the Payment of IVages, Prize Money, and other Allowances due 4 for the Service of Petty Officers and Seamen on board any of His

4 Majejly's Ships; and in another Ad pa (Ted in the Thirty-lecond 32G.S. c.34.

4 Year of His prefent Majelly’s Reign, for explaining and amending

*	the faid Ad and for other ^urpofes; and like wile m an Ad pafied

,49. Geo. III.	E	e	4	ia



4it

31 G. 2.C. 10.

82 G. 3. C.33. 33 G. 3. c. 28.

46 G.3.C. 127.

So much of 26 G. 3. c. 63.

§ 1. as requires the Number on the Ship’s Books to be fpecified in the Wills, repealed.

Wills, &c. executed by Seamen in Naval Hospitals, &c. abroad, (hall be s good if made revocable, and attelled by the Surgeons.

Sick Seamen ju J rani'ports maV execute Weills attelled by the Mailer or Mate.

C.ro8.	49s GEO. III.	A.D. 1809.

*	in the Thirty-firft Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King

*	George the Second, intituled, An Ad for the Encouragement of Seamen 4 employed in the Royal Navy, and for ejlabli/hing a regular Method for 4 the pundual. frequent, and certain Payment of their Wages* and for 9 enablingthem more eafily and readily to remit the fame for the Support 9 of their Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds and Abufes 9 attending fuch Payments ; and alfo in an Ad pa fifed in the Thirty-4 fecond Year of His t'refrnt Majrfty, for explaining arid amend* 4 ing the la ft-mentioned Ad, and for further extending the Benefits 4 thereof; and alfo in an Ad pafled in the Thirty-fifth Year of the € Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Ad to enable Petty 4 Officers in the Navy and Seamen, Non-commffioned Officers of Marines 4 and Marines ferving in His Majejly's Navy% to allot Part, of their Pay 9 for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families, and alfo in an Aft

*	pafled in the Forty.fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled,.//*

4 Ad to amend and extend the Benefits of an Ad made in the Thirty fifth 4 Tear of His prefent Maiejly, to enable Petty Officers, Seamen, and 4 Marines ferving in His Majejly's Navy. to allot Part of their Wages 4 or Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families, have not been 4 found fufficient to eff d the good Purpofes intended thereby ;* Be it therefore enaded by the King’s molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That fo much of the faid Two herein firft mentioned Ads, as enads that no Letter of Attorney or Will made by any Petty Officer or Seaman, or Non-commiflioned Officer of Marines or Marine in the Service of His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeflbrs, whereby any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, or Allowances of Money of any Kind, due or to grow due for fuch Service, is authorized to be received or bequeathed, (hall be good and v?lid and fufficient for the Purpofe, unlefs fuch Letter of Attorney or Will, if made by any fuch Officer or Seaman, or Non-commifiioned Officer of Marines or Marine* then in the Service of His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeflbrs, (hall fpecify in the Body thereof, the Number at which the Maker of fuch Will or Letter of Attorney ftands upon the Ship’s Book, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enaded, That every Will bequeathing Wages, Pay, Prize Money, or other Allowances of Money, and every Letter of Attorney for empowering any Perfon or Perfons to receive Wages, Pay, or other Allowances of Money other than Prize Money* which (hall be made and executed by any Petty Officer, Seaman* Non-commifiioned Officer of Marines or Marine, in the Service of His Hajeftv, his Heirs or Succeflbrs, who may be in any Naval or Merchant Hofpital or Sick Quarters on any Foreign Station, where there (hall be no Agent of fuch Hofpital or Quarters, (hall be good and effedual, provided fuch Letter of Attorney (hall be made revocable by the exprefs Words thereof, and provided fuch Letter of Attorney or Will (hall be figned before and attefted by the Surgeon and his Afliftant attending at fuch Hofpital or Sick Quarters.

III.	And be it further enaded, That it fliall and may be lawful for any Petty Officer and Seamen, Non commiflioned Officer of Marines and Marine, in the Service of His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeflbrs, who may be fent Home lick or invalided from Foreign Stations, while on board any Tranfport or Merchant Veflel on his

Paflage,



Google

4*9

PafTage, to make his Will, provided that ftich Will (hall be figoed before and attefted by the Mafter and Firft Mate of every fuch Tranf-port or Merchant Vefitl refpeftively.

IV.	4 And whereas Provifion ha9 been made in the faid Aft of Provifions of

*	the Thirty-fecond Year of Hi9 prefent Majefty, for the Payment of 3« G.3. c. 34".

*	Sums not exceeding Seven Pounds, which may be due and payable	extended

*	by the Rales of the Navy, to any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-

*	commiffioned Officer of Marines or Marine, in refpeft of his Services cnal^

1 in the Navy; and it is expedient that the Benefits thereof (hould

€ be extended to Perfons of the faid Defcriptior?, who may have been 1 difeharged from the Service of His Majefty / Be it therefore enafted.

That it (hall and mav be lawful for fuch Petty Officer or Seaman,

Non-commiffioned Officer of Marines or Marine, being fo difeharged, to give fuch Orders in Writing for the Payment of Sums not exceeding Seven Pounds, on the Treafurer of His Majefty’s Navy; provided that fuch Orders be made, executed, and attefted in the fame Manner as is preferibed by the Afts pafled in the Twenty-fixth and Thirty-fecond Years of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, refpefting Powers of Attorney.

'executed by fuch Perfons when difeharged from His Majefty’s Service, and provided alfo, that if the Party making fuch Order (hall have been difeharged from Hi9 Majefly’s Service at his own Requefl, or for any other Caufe or Reafon than being unferviceable, he (hall not be entitled to immediate Payment on fuch Order, but fhali wait for the Payment of the fame according to the Rules of the Navy, until fuch Ship from whence he has been difeharged, (hall come in courfe of Payment.

V.	4 And whereas Doubts have arifen, whether the Provifions in NoWilNof 4 the hereinbefore mentioned Afts, paffed in the Twenty-fixth and Perfons ma<Js

*	Thirty-fecond Years of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, (hould be

*	conftrued to render invalid the Will of any Petty Officer or Seaman,	be

*	Non-commiffioned Officer of Marines or Marine, executed previoufly good, unlefs 4 to the Entrance of fuch Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commiffioned executed and

*	Officer of Marines or Marine, into His Majefty’s Service, as to any fttrfted accord-

4 Wages, Pay, or Allowances, to which the Perfons who executed	^

4 the lame may have been or may be entitled to, for their Service in the jJ^tod Aft*.

*	Navy / Beit further enafted and declared, That no Will of any fuch Perfon (hall be held to be good and available, unlefs the fame (hall be executed and attefted according to the Provifions of the faid Aft, as to any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, or Allowances of Money of any “Kind, due or to grow due in the Service of His Majefty, his Heirs and Succtffors; and that all Payments of Wages, Pay, Prize Money, and other Allowances of Money heretofore made to any Adminiftrator Or next of Kin, Wife, Relation, or Creditor of any fuch Petty Officer or Seaman, Non commiffioned Officer of *M-trines or Marine, having made any Will before hi entered into the faid Service, which hath been rejefted, as not being executed and attefted, as by the before-mentioned Afts is required in that Behalf, (hall be confidered and are hereby declared to be valid and effeftual.

VI.	4 And whereas Doubts have arfen, as to the Perfons who Who fhali bt 4 come within the D-fcription of Petty Officers and others in His deemed Petty 4 Majefty’s Navy and Non-commiffioned Officers of Marines, within Officer, See.

1 the Provifions of the feverai Afts herein before recited*/ Be it

farther enafted. That all and every Part of the Complement of fcvery Ship in His -Majefty’s Navy (hall be and are hereby declared to

Eel	be



Google

4*0

• C.icflt.	49e	GEO,	III.	AJXiSoj.

be Petty or Inferior Officers* Seamen* Non-commiffioned Officer of Marines or Marines, excepting fuch as are rated upon the Books of fuch Ships, as Admirals or Flag Officers, and their Secretaries* Captains, Lieutenants, Sub-Lieutenants, Mailers, Second Matters, and Pilots, Phyficians, Surgeons, Affiftant Surgeons, Chaplains, Boat-fwains, Gunners, Carpenters, and Purfem, Field Officers of Marines, Captains, Captain-Lieutenants of Marines, Lieutenants and Quarter-matters of Marines.

26 G. 3.	63.	VII.	* And whereas it is expedient to repeal fuch Part of the faid

Poftal^of	* recited	Ad, patted in the	Twenty-fixth Year of the Reign of His

Inf^or's	* Prcfent	Majetty, as relates	to the receiving and fending Letters and

Letters repealed. * Packets by the Infpedor, to be appointed as therein mentioned, free

*	from the Duty of Pottage, add to enad other Provifions in lieu

*	thereof ;’ Be it therefore enaded, That immediately from and after the patting of this Ad, the faid Part of the faid recited Ad (hall ceafe, determine, and be no longer in force.

Letters to and VIII. And be it further enaded, That from and after the patting from lnfpe<ftor 0f this Ad, all Letters or Packets addreffed to the Infpedor of men’s^Vills ** Seamen’s Wilis for the Time being, upon any Bufinefs or Affairs re-exempted from	lating to	the faid Office of	Infpedor of Seamen’s Wills, (hall be free

Pottage.	from the	Duty of Pottage;	and all Letters and Packets being upon

any Bufinefs or Affairs relating to the faid Office of Infpedor of Seamen’s Wills that (hall be forwarded by the faid Infpedor of Seamen’s Wills (hall be under Cover, with the Words “ Purfuant to Ad

Penalty on Infpe&orabufing fuch Privilege, 10»1.

Penalty on forging Certificates under 32 G. 3. c. 34. § 18. Felony without Clergy.

“ of Parliament, For tv nine George the Third,” printed upon the famej and the faid Infpedor of Seamen’s Wills (hall write his Name under the fame.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That if any Infpedor of Seamen9* Wills or any other Pcrfon (hall fend or convey under any of the Cover* aforefaid, any Writing-paper or Parcel other than thofe relating to the Bufinefs or Affairs of the faid Office of Infpedor of Seamen’* Wills, the Perfon fo offending fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

X.	And be it further enaded. That if any Perfon from and after the patting of this Ad, (hail faifely make, forge, or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be faifely made, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly ad and aflift in the falfe making, forgiag, or counterfeiting the Signature of any Miniftcr, Church warden, Elder or Inhabitant of any Parifh, to any Certificate to any Petition for a Certificate as required, deferibed, and mentioned in the recited Ad, patted in the Thirty? fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majetty, to enable any Perfon or Perfons to obtain Letters of Adminiftration to any fuch Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commiflioned Officer of Marines or Marine, or fhall utter or publifh as true any fuch Certificate to any fuch Petition, with any falfe, forged, or counterfeited Signature of any fuch Minifter,. Churchwarden, Elder* or Inhabitant of any Parifh, knowing the fame to be falfe, forged, or counterfeited, then every fuch Perfon fo offending, being lawfully convided of any fuch Offence, fhall be deemed guSty of r elony, and fhall fuffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

. XI. • And whereas by the faid Ad patted in the Thirty-fifth Year * of the Reign of His prefent Majetty, every Petty Officer and Sear « man or Landman, Non-commiflioned Officer of Marines or Marine, « ferving or eqtcring to fenre 04 board of any Ship or Vtffel of Hi*

1 Majetty f



C.io8.

*	Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, is empowered to allot a certain 1 Part of his Monthly Wages or Pay. to certain Relations therein

*	mentioned ;* Be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for every Petty Officer and Seaman, or Landman, Non-ccmmifiioned Officer of Marines or Marine, being a Widower, and ferving or entering to ferve on board of any Ship or VefTel of His Majefty. his Heirs ?nd Succef-fbrs, to allot a certain Part of his Monthly Wages or Pay for the Maintenance of any his Child or Children, in fuch Proportions and under the Reftri&ions, Forms, and Limitations as are prefcribed in the faid lad-mentioned Adi: Provided that every fuch Allotment for the Maintenance of fuch Child or Children, (hall be made to fome fit Perfon or Perfons inhabiting the Parifh where fuch Child or Children may refide, who (hall be approved of by the Minifter and Church* wardens, or Churchwarden, Elders or Eldtr of fuch Parifh ; and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Allotments (hall be made for the Maintenance of fuch Child or Children, (hall fail in applyiug the fame to the Advantage and Benefit of fuch Child or Children, and a Certificate of fuch Mifcondudt (hall be fent from the Minifter and Churchwardens or Churchwarden, Elders or Elder of fuch Parifh, to the Commiffioners of the Navy* it (hall be lawful for the faid Com-miffioners, and they are hereby required thereupon, to nominate and appoint any other Perfon or Perfons who may be recommended to them by the Minifter and Churchwardens or Churchwarden, Elders Or Elder of the faid Parifh. for receiving the Allotment for the Purpofe aforefaid, in the Room of fuch Perfon or Perfons who may have abufed the Truft repofed in him or them.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall be lawful for every Petty Officer and Seaman, or Landman, Non-commiffioned Officer of Marines or Marine ferving or entering to ferve on board of any Ship or VefTel of His Majefty, his Heirs a^d SucctfTors, to allot a certain Part of his Monthly Wages to his Father, being a Widower and unable wholly to maintain himfelf, in fuch Proportions and under the Reftri&ions, Forms, and Limitations, and agreeable to the Directions prefcribed in the faid laft-mentioned A 61; provided fuch Father, is certified by the Minifter and Churchwardens or Churchwarden, Elders or Elder of the Parifh in which he fhall refide, to be a Widower and unable wholly to maintain himfelf.

XIII.	And be it further enabled, That all Allotments of Wages or Pay made by any Petty Officer or Seaman or Landman, Non-coin-miffioned Officer of Marines or Marine, by virtue of this Ad or any former Ads, fhall be paid by the Perfons and at the Places following 5 that is to fay, if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to any Sum fo allotted fhall refide in London, or within the Bills of Mortality, the fame fhall be paid by the Treafurer of the Navy at Somerfet Houfe; and if the Perfons entitled to any Sums fo allotted fhall refide at Portfmouth, Plymouth, Chatham, Deptford, Woolwich, or Sheer refs, or within Five Miles of any of thofe Places refptdively, then and in every fuch Cafe the fame (hall be paid by the Clerk of the Cheque, at any of thofe Places where or within Five Miles of which fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall refide $ but if the Refidence of any fuch Perfon or Perfons entitled to any Sum fo allotted as aforefaid, fhall not be in London, nor within the Bills of Mortality thereof, nor at Portfmouth, Plymouth Chathamt Deptford, Woolwich, or Sheemefs, nor within Five Miles of any of thole Places refpedively, then in every fuch Cafe the Sum

E e 3	allotted

421

Petty Officers, Seamen, and Marines, being Widowers, may allot Part of their Pay for Maintenance of Children, to be applied under '1 Dire&ion of the Minifter, &c. fiSee 3 5 Gm 3. c. 28. § 3,

mad to their Fathers, being Widower*.

By wham Allotments of Pay fhall be paLid * to the Parties entitled.



Google

422

C.io8..

49® GEO. in.

A.D. 1809,

Allotrncits may fee revoked.

For regulating Remittal of Wages under

31	6.2. c. 10. § 14. (and

32	C. 3. c.33.) to Children.

Promotion Tickets iball be made out, &c. in in Hke Manner as Foreign remove Tickets, under 32 G. 3. c. 39. f 7-&c.

allotted out of the Wages or Pay of every fuch Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commimoned Officer of Marines or Marine,

- fhall be paid to the Perfon or Perfons entitled to receive the fame, by the Receiver-General of the Land Tax of any County, Riding,1 or C’ty, or by the Colle&or of the Cuftoms for any Port, or by the Colle&or of Excife for any Colle&ion in Great Britain* neareft to the Place of Refidence of the Perfon or Perfons fo entitled to receive the faid Sums fo allotted to them as aforefaid.

XIV.	And be it further ena&°d, That it (hill be lawful for any Warrant Officer, Petty Officer, Seaman, or Marine, to revoke any Allotment he (hall make under the Authority of this Adi, provided he (hall have the Confcnt of the Captain or other Commanding Officer of the Ship in which he is ferving for doing fo; and on Notice to the proper Officer in the Navy Office of fuch Revocation** figned by any fuch Warrant Officer, Petty Officer, Seaman, or Marine, attefted by the Captain or other Commanding Officer, the Proportion of Waeres which had been allotted (hall be no longer paid or payable to the Father or Children rcfpe&ively.

XV.	* And whereas by the before recited A&s patted in the*

*	Thirty-firft Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George,

*	the Second, and in the Thirty-fecond Year of the Reign of Hi$

*	prefent Majefty, for explaining and amending the fame, Inferior

*	Officers and Seamen, and Non*commiffioned Officers of Marines and 4 Marines, in certain Cafes therein mentioned, are empowered to^

*	remit their Wages to certain Relations therein alfo mentioned;’ Be it further ena&ed, That in the Cafes fpecified in the faid laft-mentioned A&, every Petty Officer and Seaman, Non-commiffioned Officer of Marines and Marine, (hall be entitled to remit his Wages to any Child or Children of the Age of Eighteen Years apd upwards, agreeably to the Dire&ions of the faid A&s, to be payable in the fame Manner as is preferibed in the faid Adis, and under the fame Forms, Limitations, and Reftri&ions a3 are therein contained for the Remittance and Payment of Wages to other Relations; and in cafe the faid Child or Children (hall not be of the Age of Eighteen Years, the Remittance fhall be made to fome fit Perfon or Perfons inhabiting the Pariffi where fuch Child or Children may refide, for the life an^ Benefit of fuch Child'or Children, who (hall be approved by the Mioiiler and Churchwardens or Churchwarden]) Elders or Elder of fuch Pariffi.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the palling, of this Aft, when and fo often as any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commiffioned Officer of Marines or Marine, .ferving on board any Ship or Veflel in the Service of His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeftors, (hall be promoted by any Commander in Chief, while fuch Ship or Vtffei fhall be abroad, to be cither a Lieutenant, Sub-Lieutenant, Matter, Second Matter, Surgeon, Affiftant Surgeon, Boatfwain, Guancr, Carpenter, Purfer, or a Commiffioned Officer of Marines, then and in either of fuch Events, the Captain or Commanding Officer of the Ship or Veflel in which the Petty Officer or Seaman, or Non-com-miffior.ed Officer of Marines or Marine (hall be ferving at $he Time of fuch Promotion, (ball at the fame Time make out orcaufe to be made, out, a Ticket for the Wages or Pay due to fuch Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commiffioned Officer of Marines or Marine, certifying thereon that the Perfon therein named has been actually promoted to.

1	$	the

 v^ooQle

C. io8.

4^3

A*D. 1809*.	49°	GEO. III.

the Station therein mentioned, and deliver Inch Ticket to him, which Ticket (hall be called “ a Promotion Ticket/’ aod lhall be made out in the fame Form, and conlift of the fame Particulars as are prefcribed by the faid laft-mentioned A A, paffed in the Thirty-fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, in regard to Foreign remove Tickets, and (hall be paid in the fame Manner as the faid Foreign remove Tickets are therein required to be paid ; and it (hall be lawful to and for every Petty Officer or Sraman, Non-commiffioned Officer of Marines or Marine, who (hail obtain fuch Promotion Ticket, to fell and transfer the fame by Indorfement thereof; and the faid Promotion Tickets fo fold and transferred, (hall be paid to the In-dorfee thereof, in the Manner prefcribed for the Payment of the faid Foreign remove Tickets, in and by the faid laft-mentioned AA, paffed in the Thirty-fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty; and the Signature for Receipt of the Perfon to whom fuch Promotion Ticket (hall have been made payable by Iadorfement, (hall be a fuffi-cient Voucher to the Treafurer of the Navy, for the Payment of the Wages due on fuch Promotion Ticket.

XVII.	4 And whereas the Regulations in the before-recited A As 4 paffed in the Twenty-fixth and Thirty-fecond Years of the Reign 4 of His prefent Majefty, refpeAing the Tranfmiflion to the Treafurer 4 of the Navy, of all Letters of Adminiftration, Probates of Wills, or 4 Letters of Adminiftration with Will annexed, of or to any Petty 4 Officer or Seaman, Non-commiffioned Officer of Marines or Marine,

4 have not been found effeAualBe it further enaAed, That from and after the paffing of this AA, if any ProAor, Regiftrar, or other Officer of any Ecclefiaftical Court, (hall deliver or caufc to be delivered any Letters of Adminiftration, Probate of Will, or Letters of Adminiftration with Will annexed, to any other Peffon or Perfons than the Treafurer or Pavmaftcr of His Majefty’s Navy, in the Manner direAed by the faid Two laft mentioned AAs, fuch ProAor, Regiftrar or other Officer of fuch Ecclefiaftical Court fo offending, (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to the Ufe of the Royal Hofpital for Seamen at Greenwich; and if any Agent or Agents (hall pay any Pr ze-Money due to a deceafed Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commiffioned Officer of Marines or Marine, under any other Authority whatever than the Check direAed by the faid AAs to be iffued by the faid InfpeAor or Perfon authorized.to officiate for him, fuch Payment (hail be null and void ; and the Agent or Agents, fo paying the fame, (hall forfeit for every and each fuch Offence, a Sum ef Money equal to the Amount of the Prize Money fo paid by him or them, to the Ufe of the faid Royal Hofpital for Seamen at Greenwich.

XVIII.	And be jt further enaAed, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this AA impofed, (hall be recovered with full Cofts of Suit by A&ion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record in Great Britain, and be fued for in the Names of the Commiffioners and Governors of the Royal Hofpital at Greenwich*

E e 4	CA	R

Penalty on Pro&or delivering Probates,

&c. to any Perfon but the Treafurer, 8cc. of the Navy, and on Agents paying . Prize Money ef. deceafed Seamen contrary to Dire&ions of 26 0. 3. c. 63. §7,8, &c. and 32 G. 3. c. 34.

§ 22, &c.



Recovery of Penalties. . *





414

C. i op*



, e. i.

49* GEO. in. CAP. CIX.

AJX1809.

The following A&m repealed, via.

2 E. 3. c. 1 ft.

13 R. 2. ft. 1. €.11.

17 R.a. C. 2. 11 H. 6. f. 9. 7JE.4. c. 2.

i H. 3. c. 2. 6 H. ft. C. 8.

6 H. 8. €. &

25 H. 8. c. II. 27 H.8.c 12.

S3 H. 8. C. r.

An A& to repeal feveral A£ks refpe&ing the Woollen Manufacture, and to amend other A&s relating to the faid Manufacture; and for allowing Perfons employed in any Branch of the Woollen Manufacture to fet up Trade in any Place in Great Britain.	LlS*hJune	1809.]

« YTTHEREAS certain Ads and Parts of Ads heretofore made « XX > from Time to Time for controlling the Manufacturer in the

*	making and felling of Woollen Cloth, are at this Day not only un-

*	nectflary, but if enforced might be extremely injurious; and it is

*	therefore expedient to repeal the fame ;* Be it therefore cnaded, by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That a certain Ad made in the Second Year of King Edward the Third, intituled, The Meafure and Affx%e of [Cloths of]) Ray and of Colour; another Ad made in the Thirteenth Year ot King Richard the Second, intituled, The Cloths of certain Counties tacked andfolded9

Jhall not be put to Sale before they be opened ; another Ad made in the Seventeenth Year of King Richard the Srcond, intituhd, Every Perfon may make Cloth of what Length and Breadth he will5 another Ad made in the. Eleventh Year of King Henry the Sixth, intituled. Of what Length and Breadth Cloths called Streits fhall be; another Ad made in the Seventh Year of King Edward the Fourth, intituled. For Cloths made in the Hundreds of Lifton, Taviftock, and Rowburgh, in Devonfhire; another Ad made in the Firft Year of King Richard the Third, intituled. The Length and Breadth of Cloths, and the Order of dying them and Wools, the Ability of the Aulneger, and what Cloths be may fcal\ another Ad made in the Fifth Year of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act for the true making of Cloths in Devon called White Straits; another Ad made in the Sixth Year of King Henry the Eighth, intituled. An Aft concerning the making of certain Woollen Cloths in the County of Devon ; another Ad made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, int tuled, An Act to avoid Deceits in making of Woollen Cloths; another Ad made in the Twenty-fifth Year of King Henry the Eighth, intituled. An Act for Clothiers in Worcefierjhire; another Ad made in the Twenty-feventh Year of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, The Aft for the true

making of Cloth 5 another Ad made in the Thirty-third Year of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, The Bill for folding of Cloths, in North Wales; another Ad made in the Thrrd and Fourth Years of King Edward the Sixth, intituled An Act for the true making of Woollen Cloths; another Ad made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, An Act for the true making of Woollen Cloth \ another Ad made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of King Edward J&6E.O.C.22. the Sixth, intituled, An Act for putting down of Gig Mills \ another Ad made in the Firft Year of Queen Mary, intitu'ed, An Act touching Chth making in Corporate Towns and Market Towns; another Ad made in the Second and Third Years of King Philip and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act touching Weavers; another Ad made in the Second and Third Years of King Philip and Queen Mary% intituled. An Act for the fealing and viewing of Clothes commonly tailed Bridge*

water* ;

a & 4 E. 6. c. 2. 8 & 6 E. 6* €. ft.

lM.Seff.9.

ft. 7.

2 & 3 P. St M.

cl*.

3 P« Sc Mi

ft.1*



Google

A'IXi8o9*	49° GEO* HL	C.109.	4*5

waters; another Aft made in the Fourth and Fifth Year of King Philip and Queen Mary, intituled, An A3 touching the moling of Woollen c‘5*

Clothe; another Aft made in the Firit Year of Queen Elizabeth, i£liz. «,J4.

intituled, An A3 for the continuing the making of Woollen Clothes in divert

Tofvnt m the County of Efltv; another Aft made in the Twenty- 23Eliz.c.o.

third Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An A3 for aboltfbing of

certain deceitful Stuff ufed in dying of Cloth. &c.; another Aft made

in the Twenty-rtcventh Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An A3 27 Eli*, c. 17-

touching the Breadth of White Woollen Clothes made within the Counties

of Wilts, Gioucefter, Somerfct, and Oxon, &c.; another Aft made

in the Twenty-feventh Year of Quren Elizabeth, intituled, An Ad 27 Eli*, c. IS*

concerning the making of Woollen Clothes in the Counties of Devon and

Cornwall, called Plain White St aight aud Pinned Whit<- Straight;

another Aft ma'lc in the Thirty fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth, in- 35Ellz.c,n,

tituied. An A8 touching the Breadth of Plunkets, Azures and Blues,

and other coloured Clothes made within the Counties of Somerfet and

elfewhere of like making; another Aft made in the Thirty-fifth Year 3*Ehz. c. ia»

of Qneen Elizabeth, intituled, An A3 for the Reformation of fundry

Abufes in Clothes, called Devonftvre Kernes or Dozens, according to a

Proclamation of the Thirty fourth Tear of the Reign of our Sovereign

Lady the Queen that now is; another Aft made in the Thirty-ninth 39Elix.

Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Ad agcnnjl the deceitful firetching

and tentering of Northern Cloth ; another Aft paffed in the Forty-third 43 EHz c. 10-

Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Ad for the true making and

working of Woollen Clothes ; another Aft made in the Fourth Year of 4 Jac. J. c.t^

King James tbr Firft, intituled. An Ad for the true making of Woollen

Cloth ; another Aft in made the Twenty-firfl Year of King James the 2t Jae. l. c.1®.

Firtt, intituled, An Ad for Continuance of a former Ad made in the

Fourth Tear of the'King's Majefly's Reign of England, &c. intituled.

An Ad for the true making Woollen Cloths, and for fame Additions and

Alterations in and to the fame ; another Aft made in the Seventh Year 7 Axme,c. 13.

of Queen Anne, intituled, An Ad for the better afeertaining the Lengths

mid Breadths of Woollen Cloth made in the County of York; another

Aft made in the Tenth Year of Queen Anne, intituled. An Ad for 10 Annetc.i€.

regulating, improving, and encouraging the Woollen Manufadure of mixt

or medley Broad Cloth, and for the better Payment of the Poor employed

therein; and another Aft made in the Firft Year of the Reign of i Vrft.*.

King George the Firft, intituled, An Ad to make an Ad of the Tenth c*l**

Tear of Her late Majefly, intituled, An Ad for regulating, improving, and encouraging of the Woollen Manufadure of mixt or medley Broad Cloth, and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein, more effedual for the Benefit of Trade tn general; and alfo to render more effedual an Ad of the Seventh Tear of Her faid Majefly*s Reign, intituled. An A8 for the better afeertaining the Lengths and Breadth of Woollen Cloth made in the County of York ; (hall be and the fame are hereby repealed*

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That fo much of a certain other of certain A ft paffed in the Twenty-feventh Year of King Edward the Third, Statutes intituled, The Aulnegers Fees for every Cloth fold, Cloths Jhcdl be fealed repealed, vi*, before they be put to Sale, a Subfidy granted to the King of every Cloth fold, 27 as direfts that Cloths (hall be fealed before they be put to Sale: And €*4, fo much of a certain other Aft made in the Fourth Year of King 4E.4.C.1. Edward the Fourth, intituled, The Length and Breadth of Cloths made to be fold, no Cloths wrought beyond Seajhall be brought into England, as direfts that every whole Woollen Cloth, called Broad CUth, and

all

 LjOoq le

Ciop,	49*	GEO. Ill,	A.D.iffop*

all Manner of Cloths called Strcita, and every Cloth called Kerfey, which (hall refpe&ively be made and fet to Sale (hall be of certain fpecified Lengths and Breadths refpe&ively, with a certain Provifion in a Cafe where the Cloth (hall exceed the limited Meafure, and that every Half Cloth of every of the faid Whole Cloths, Streit& and Kerfeys, (hall keep his Meafure in Length and Breadth, according to the Rate, Form, and Nature, of his Whole Cloth aforefaid; and that no Perfon which (hall make any Woollen Cloth to fell, (hail mingle or put in or upon the fame Cloth, nor the Wool whereof the faid Cloth (hall be made, any Lambs’ Wool, Fiock or Cork in any Manner, under the Penalty therein mentioned, except in particular Cafes; and that every of the feid Cloths and Half Cloths (hail perfe&ly and rightly purfue and follow one Order of Workmanlhip from one End to the other, without Difference in the weaving, fulling, knotting, or burling ; and that certain Seals (hall be nfed and fet upon the faid Cloths for the Purpofe of denoting the Workmanfhip, Length, Breadth, comparative Size and other diftinguiftiing Qualities for the feveral Sorts of Cloth, and that Keepers of the faid Seals (hail be appointed and (hall perform certain Duties, and fuch Keepers and Aulnegers (hall be fubjeft to Penalties for Offences therein mentioned ; and that Cloth-makers (hall pay to Labourers in the faid Trade lawful Money for their Wages, and (hall deliver Wools to be ...	wrought	according to the faithful Delivery and due Weight thereof,

under the Penaltes therein mentioned; and that every Carder, Spinfter, Weaver, Fuller, Sheernaan and Dyer, (hall duly perform hi* Duty in his Occupation; and that every Fuller, in his Craft and Occupation of Fulling, rowing, or tayfelling, of Cloth, (hall exercife and ufe Tayfells and no Cards deceitfully imparing the fame Cloth j and the Juftices of Peace and certain other Magiftrates (hall have Power to hear and determine certain Complaints of every fuch Clothmaker and Labourer, and (hall exercife their Jurifdi&ion in that Behalf in the Manner therein fpecified, and that fuch Juftice6 or Magiftrates (hall have Jurifdi&ion over Perfons offending againft that Ordinance, and that fuch Perfons (hall be fub}e& to a Forfeiture, and that fuch Juitices or Magiftrates (hall have certain Powers for exercifing their Jurifdi&ion in that Behalf: And fo much of a certain other A&made sEftt»c.4. §0. jn the Fifth Ycar 0f Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An A8 containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Hufbandry, and Apprentices, as directs, that no Perfon (hail be detained, hired, or taken into Service to work for any lefa Time than for One whole Year in any of the Sciences, Crafts, Mylteries, or Arts of Clothiers, Woollen Cloth Weavers, Tuckers, Fullers, Cloth workers, Sheermen, or Dyers of Wool or Woollen Cloth; and that every Perfon being unmarried, and every other Perfon being under the Age of Thirty Ycara, and having been brought up in any of the faid Arts, Crafts, or Sciences, or that hath ufed or exeicifed any of them by the Space of Three Years or more, and not haying Real or Perfonal Property of a certain fpecified Value, nor being retained with any Perfon in Hufbandry, or in any of the Arts and Sciences according to that Statute, nor in any other Art or Science, nor in Houfchold, or in any Office with any Nobleman, Gentleman, or others, according to the Laws of this Realm* nor having a convenient Farm or other Holding in Tillage whereupon he may employ his Labour, (hall upon Requcft made by any Perfon ufmg thc Art or, Myftery whcrcin the, laid Perfon fo

required

 v^,ooQle

49° GEO. Ill,

C. 109*

'equired hath been exercifed (at is aforefaid) be retained, and (hall

not refufe to ferve according to the Tenor of that Statute, upon the Pain and Penalty thereafter mentioned ; and that no Perfon dwelling 137-in any City or Town Corporate, ufing or exercifing any of the Myfteries or Crafts of a Clothier, that doth or (hall put Cloth to making and Sale, (hall take any Apprentice or Servant to be inftru&ed or taught in any of the Arts, Occupations, Crafts, or Myfteries which he doth ufe or exercife, except fuch Servant or Apprentice be his Son, or elfe that the Father and Mother of fuch Apprentice or Servant (hall have Freehold Property of a certain Amount; and that no Perfon dwelling in any fuch Market Town, ufing or exercifing the peat, Myftcry, or Art of a Clothier, that doth or (hall put Cloth to making and Sale, (hall take any Apprentice, or in any wife teach ot inftrud any Perfon in the Art, §citnce, or Myftery laft before recited, except fuch Servant or Apprentice (hall be his Son, or elfe that-the Father pr Mother of fuch Apprentice (hall have Freehold Property of a certain annual Value; and that no Perfon (hall fet up, occupy, 3 at, ufe, or exercife any Craft, Myftery, or Occupation then ufed or occupied within the Realm of England or fVakt, exoept he (hall have been brought up therein Seven Years at the leaft as an Apprentice in Manner and Form in the faid laft recited Ad mentioned, nor (haU fet any Perfon on work in fuch Myftery, Art, or Occupation, except he (hall have been Apprentice as is aforefaid, or elfe having ferved as an Apprentice (hall become a Journeyman, or be hired by the Year* fo far only as the faid laft mentioned Provifion refpeds Perfons employed in any of the Crafts, Myfteries, or Occupations of Clothiers, Woollen Cloth Weavers, Tuckers, Fullers, Clothworkers,

Sheermen, cr Dyers of Wool or Woollen Cloth ; and that all Perfon® that (hall have Three Apprentices in any of the faid Crafts, Myfteries, of Occupations of a Clothmaker, Fuller, Shcerman, or Weaver, (haU retain and keep One Journeyman, and for every other Apprentice above the Number of Three Apprentices One other Journeyman ; and fo much of a certain other Ad patted in the Third Year of King 3 Jac. i.c.1 James the Firft, intituled. An Ad for the Repeal of one Ad made in § 3, 4, the Fourteenth Tear of Queen Elizabeth’/ Reign, concerning the Length of Kerfies, as direds that Kerfies, commonly called Ordinary Kerfies* and that Kerfies called Sorting Kerfies, (hall not exceed refpedively a certain Length, and (hall be refpedively of a certain Weight according to the Length, and if any Kerfies (hall either exceed the pre-fenbed Length or fall (hort. of the preferibed Weight, then every Perfon (hat (hall make the fame for Sale (hall be fubjtd to the Forfeiture therein mentioned, and that every Perfon felling or trading in any fuch Kerfey (hall pay a Cuftom and Subfidy after a fpecified Rate $ and fo much of a certain other Ad patted in the Thirteenth Year of King George the Firft, intituled, An Ad for the letter Regu• 13 g. 1. «.; lotion of the IVoollen Mamfadore, and for preventing Dtfputcs among the Ptrfims concerned therein, and for limiting a Time for profccvtmg for the Forfeiture appointed by an Ad of the Twelfth Tear of Hu Majefty**

Reign, in cafe of Payment of the Workmens IVages in any other Manner g 3 than in Money, as direds that no Clothier or Maker of Woollen Cloths,

Druggets, or other Woollen Goods, or Goods mixed with Wool, (hall ufe any Ends of Yam, Wefts, or other Refufe of Cloths, Druggets, or other Woollen Goods, or Goods mixed with Wool, (Flocks and PinioQs only exes pud) by working the fame upagsin into any Sort®

of

42$	C.i09»	49*	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1809.

i JO—14.

SG.2.C.M.



AAftattitot txold. Contn&a •f Appreiv-tLceik^p.

Apprenticefhip im required.

A& (hall not tevive any A£k repealed.

of Goods whatsoever, under a certain Penalty ; and that every Owner of Tentor or Tentors, Rack or Racks for fuch Cloth, within the Counties of Gloucefer, Wilt*, and Somer/et9 (hall meafure fuch Tentor or Tentor’s Rack as (hall be made ufe of for tentering or racking fuch. Cloth, and mark the true Length of Yards of each Tentor or Rack thereon, in the Manner particularly direfted by the faid laft recited Aft, and under the Penalty therein mentioned ; and that the Juftices of the Peace for the Counties aforefaid fhall appoint Infpeftors, with a certain Salary to each of them, and with certain Duties and Powers particularly pointed out by the faid laft recited Aft; and that any Clothier or Maker of arty fuch Cloth, or any Millman or other Perfon within the Counties aforefaid, (hall incur a Penalty for refufing Entrance to any fuch Infpeftor, and that any fucb Infpeftor, afting again ft his Oath fhall forfeit twenty Pounds ; and that every Maker of mixed or medley Woollen Broad Cloth within the Counties afore-Jaid, fhall pay to the Infpeftor the Sum of Two-pence per Cloth for every fuch Cloth he fhall make before the Cloths are fent away from the Mill 5 and the faid Infpeftor fhall pay the Money fo received into the Hands of the Treafurer of the County, to be applied towards the Salaries of Infpeftors to be appointed by virtue of the faid laft: recked Aft ; and that any Millman within the Counties aforefaid, fending Home to any Clothier or Maker of Cloth, any fuch Cloth or Cloths as aforefaid, before they are infpefted and meafured as aforefaid fhall for every Piece of Cloth fo fent Home forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings; and (o much of a certain other Aft palled in the Fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An AS for repealing feveral Laws relating to the Manufacture of Wollen Cloth in the County of York, and alfo fo much of feverai other Laws as preferihes particular Standards ef Width and Length of fuch Woollen Cloths, and for fubfituting other Regulations of the Cloth Trade within the Wejl Riding of the faid County, for preventing Frauds in certifying the Contents of the Cloth, and for preferring the Credit of the faid ManvfaSure at the Foreign Market, as direfts that if any Perfon or Perfons within the faid Weft Riding of the fold County fhall ufe or caufe t© be ufed in drefirng of Cloth any Cards made wkh Wire or with Teeth of Iron or any other Metal whatfoever, every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo ufing the fame fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit Forty Shillings; fhall be and the fame are hereby repealed.

HI. Provided always, and be k further enafted, That nothing herein contained fhall annul or make void any Contraft of Appren-ticefhip whereby any Perfon fhall have bound or fhall bind himfelf as an Apprentice in any of the faid Crafts, Myftertes, or Occupations of the Woollen Manufafture, for any Period allowed by Law: Provided always, that fuch Apprenticefhip fhall not be required as a previous Qualification for exerdfing anv Branch of the Woollen Manufafture, either as a Matter or a Journeyman.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued to revive any Aft repealed by an▼ of the Afta or Parts of Afts hereby repealed, but the fame fhall continue repealed as if this A ft had not been made.

V.	4 And whereas Perfons who have been educated and employed 4 in the manufafturhig Woollen Cloth have expreiTed Apprehenfions, 4 that in confequence of the Ufe of certain Machinery being allowed 4 in the faid Manufactory, and of the Repeal of that Part of the

*	«	Statute



A.D.i8o9'

49° GEO. III.

Ci 09.

4*9

9 Statute of the Fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth which refpe&s Ap*

*	prentices in the fame, the Employment of many of tbe (aid Perfons

*	» likely to be diminiftted: And whereas in that Event many of 9 them may be willing to employ themfelves in fuch other Trades as

*	they are or may become apt to follow and make ufe of for the getting ‘ their Living by their own Labour, but are or may be hindered from

*	exercifing thofe Trades in certain Cities and Corporations and other 9 Places within Great Britain, becaufe of certain Bye-Laws and 9 Cudoms of thofe Places, or of the faid Statute made in the Fifth

*	Year of Queen Elizabeth; for Remedy whereof,* Be it ena£ted> That all fuch Perfons who have ferved an Apprenticed^ to any Branch of the Woollen Manufa&ure, or who are by Law entitled to ufe and exercife the fame, and alfo the Wives acd Children of fuch Perfons, may fet up and exercife fuch Trade, or any other Trade or Bufinefs which they are apt and able for in any Town or Place within Great Britainf without auy Let, Suit, or Moledation of any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, for or by reafon of the uflng of fuch Trade : nor (hall any fuch Perfons, or their Wives or Children, during the Time they (hall exercife fuch Trades, be removeable from fuch refpe&ive Place or Places to his, her, or their lad legal Place of Settlement, by virtue of any Law now io being relative to the Settlement of the Poor, until fucb Perfon or Perfons (hall become a&ually chargeable to fuch Parish or Place ; and if any fuch Perfon, or the Wife or Child of any fuch Perfon, (ha I be fued, impleaded, or indi&ed io any Court whatfoever within this Kingdom, for ufing or exercifing any fuch Trade as aforefaid, then the faid Perfon, or the Wife or Child of any fuch Perfon, making it appear to the fame Court where they are fo fued, impleaded, or iudided, that they have ferved a legal Apprenticsfhip to the faid Trade as aforefaid, or that he, fhr, or they, is or are the Wife or Wives, Child or Children, of fuch Perfon or Perfons who (hall have fo ferved a legal Apprenticed^ as aforefaid, (hall upon the General lffue pleaded be found Not Guilty in any Plaint, Bill, Information, or Indictment exhibited againft them 5 and fuch Perfons who, notwithdanding this Ad, (hall profecute the faid Suit by Bill, Plaint, Information, or Indictment, and (hall have a Verdid pafs agaioft him, or become nonfuit therein, or difeontinue their faid Suit, fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall pay unto fuch Perfous who have ferved an ApprenticeQiip to, or who may be entitled to cx-ercife any Branch of tne Woollen Manufacture, or the Wife or Child of fuch Perfon refpeCtively, Double Colts of Suits to be recovered as any other Cods at Common Law may be recovered ; and all Judges and Juries, before whom any fuch Suit, Information, or Indi.dment (hall be brought and all other Perfons whatfoever, are to take Notice of this prefent ACt, and (hall conform themfelves thereto, any Statute* Law, Ordinance, Cuitom, or Providon to the contrary in anywife not* withftanding.

VI. And be it further cna&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for any Two or more Judices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place where any fuch Perfon, or his Wife or Child, (hall fet up and exercife any Trade as aforefaid, to caufe him or her to be fummoned before them in the Town or Place where he or (he (hall fet up and exercife fuch Trade as aforefaid, in order to make Oath of the Place of his or her lad legal Settlement (which Oath the faid Judices arc hereby empowered to adminider), and fuch Perfon, or his Wife or

Child,

Perfom who have ferved Apprenticeship to any Branch of the Wool lea Manufactures, and their Wives and Families, may fet up and exercife any Trade in any Place in Great Britain, &e«

Such Perfons may be furom by Two Juftices as to tbe Place of their laft Settlement.

 CjOOQle

r«l3°

Copy of Oath nay be tendered by Perfons fummoned a fecoud Time.

A& {hall not extend to Univer-fities of Cambridge and Oxford:

Ksr to London.

49<j. 3. C. 32.

The Duty of Sixpence under recited A&.flwU be charged for every Twenty Shillings of the yearly Value of all Salaries, fee.

C. 1&9, 116.	49® GEO. IB.	A.D. 1809.

Child, is hereby direfted to obey fuch Summons, and to make Oath accordingly, and fuch Juftices are hereby required to give an attefted Copy of fuch Affidavit fo ftiade before them, to the Perfon making the fame, in order that he or (he may produce it when required, which attefted Copy (hall at any Time be admitted as Evidence as to fuch laft legal Settlement, before any of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace at any General or Quarter Seflions of the Peace.

VII.	Provided always, That in cafe any fuch' Perfon or his Wife or Child (hall again be fummoned to make Oath as aforefaid, then on fuch •attefted Copy of the Oath by him or her formerly taken being produced by him or her, or by any other Perfon on his Behalf, luch Perfon or his Wife or Child (hall not be obliged to take any other or further Oath with regard to his or her legal Settlement but (hall leave a Copy of fuch attefted Copy of his or her Examination, if required.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, Thn this Aft (hall not in any wife be prejudicial to the Privileges of the Univerfities of Cambridge and Oxford, or either of them ; or extend to give Liberty to any Perfon to fet up the Trade of a Vintner, or to fell any Wine or other Liquors within the faid Univerfities without Licence firft had and obtained from the Vice Chancellor of the fame refptft^vely.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That nothing in this Aft contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to the city of London, or to alter the Laws and Cultoms relative to Apprentices in the laid City.

CAP. CX.

An Act to reftify a Miftake in an Aft made in this Seflion of Parliament, for continuing and making perpetual feveraj Duties of One Shilling and Sixpence on Offices, and Employments.	[15th	June	1809.3

4 TT7’HEREAS an Aftpafled in theprefent Seflion of Parliament 4 VV intituled, An AS for continuing and malting perpetual federal 4 Duties of One Shilling and Sixpence, repealed by an AS of the I aft SeJJlon 4 of Parliament, on Offices and Employments of Profit, and on Annuities, 4 Penfionsy and Stipends, and thereby granted for One Tear, to the Twenty-4 Jiftb Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nine : And whereas 4 the Duty of Sixpence, charged in the faid recited Aft for and upon

*	all Salaries, Fees, and Wages payable for and in refpeft of Offices 4 of Profit granted by or derived from the Crown, which, before the 4 paffing of the faid recited Aft, had been rated or aflefTed in Manner 1 therein aforefaid, and for and upon all Penfions and Annuities charged

*	upon the Revenue of Great Britain, over and above all other Duties 4 before the paffing of the faid recited Aft charged or payable, is 4 chargeable and ought to have been charged for every Twenty 4 Shillings of the Yearly Value or Amount thereof refpeftively Be it therefore enafted and declared, by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid Duty of Sixpence in the faid recited Aft, and the Schedule thereto annexed, mentioned, is and (hall be charged and chargeable for every Twenty Shillings of the Yearly Value or Amount of all fuch Salaries, Fees, and Wages payable for or in refpeft of Offices of Profit, granted by or derived

from



A.D.1809.	49® GEO. It!.	C.no—til.	431

from the Crown, which, before the paffing of the faid recited Ad, were rated or affefled in Manner therein mentioned, and for and upon all Penfions and Annuities charged upon the Revenue of Great Britain, over and above all other Duties before the pafling of the faid recited Ad charged and payable.

CAP CXI.

An A St to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, an A& of the Forty-fifth Year of His prefent Majefty for appointing Commifiioners to enquire into the Publick Expenditure, and the Condu£t of the Publick Bufinefs in the Military Departments therein mentioned.	[15th	June 1809.]

“ 45 G. 3. c. 47. (laft continued by 4S G. 3. c. 61.) further continued “ to 25 March 1811.

cap. cxn.

An Ad to amend an Ad pafled in the Forty-fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, to provide for the Defence of the Realm, with refped to the Purchafe of Lands and Hereditaments for the Publick Service.	Qi	5th June 1809.]

WHEREAS an Ad pafled in the Forty-third Year of the

Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An A3 to enable 43 G.s*. 55.

4 His Majejly more ejjfeSually to provide for the Defence and Security of 4 the Realm during the prefent War ; and for indemnifying Perfons who 4 may fujfer tn their Property, by fuch Meafures as may be necejfary 4 for that Purpofe: And whereas another Ad pafled in the Forty*

* fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty intituled. An 44 G. 3.«. 95. 4 AS to amend certain of the Provifions of an AS made in the Forty -* third Tear of His prefent Majejly, to enable His Mayfly to provide for 4 the Defence and Security of tic Realm, which refped the Purchafe of 4 Lands and Hereditaments for the Publick Service: And whereas * Difficulties have occurred in the giving of Notices, in Cafes where * Perfons abfent, or Perfons claiming Rights of Common, are in-4 ttrefted in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, propofed to be 4 taken under the faid laft recited Ad for the Publick Service i*

May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be eaadei; and he it enad.d by the King's rooft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That in all Cafes where any Perfons who ftiall he interefted in any Lands, Tenement?, and Hereditaments, propofcd to be taken under the faid laft recited Ad, (hail be abfent or cannot be found, and in all Cafes where the Intereft claimed by any Perfon or Perfons in any fuch Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, (hall con-fift of any Rights of Common thereon, it (hall be fufficient that the Notice of fuch Lands having been marked out for the Publick Service (hall be affixed upon the Church Door of the Pariffi wherein the faid Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments are fituated, Three fuc ceffive Sundays before Morning Service, and {hall be publilhed in Three fucceediog Weeks, One Day in each Week, in fome Newfpaper

ufually

la C&iw where

Parties are abfent or claim Right of Common in refped to Lands marked out for Publick Service, Notice may be ' fixed on Lhufcii Doojs: and if Parties do not aerree in 14 Days, Pofleffian fhall be given, of

 v^»ooQle

43*

• Jury fun*-.

moned to sfcer-tain the Com-penfation, as wilder 44 G. 3. tv 95* § 6.

Fewer* of 44 G.3.C. 95. extended to this A (ft.

Agent General Hull apply to Treafuty' for Money for the different Services,

and fubroit to Secretary at War Statements of his Receipts and Payments, who (hall cheque the fame add authorize the Application'for further Sums for fuch Services,

C. 11a> 113*	49*	GEO.	III.	A.D.	iSop*

ufually circulated in the County or Place wherein the (aid Lands, Tenements/ and Hereditaments are fituated ; and in cafe any fuch abfent Perfons or Commoners (hall for the Space of Fourteen Day a after the laft Day of fuch Notice being fo affixed as aforefaid, and after the lad Publication thereof as aforefaid, refufe or negled to treat or agree, or be by Abfence or otherwise prevented from treating* or agreeing with the General Officer or other Perfon duly authorized in Manner direded by the (aid recited Ad of the Forty-fourth Year aforefaid, for a Compenfation for their refpedive Rights and Inttrefts in fuch Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, then and in fuch Cafe His Majefty’s Officers (hall be put into Pofleifion of fuch Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, if not then in Poffcffion, and a Jury (hall be fummoned, and fuch further Proceedings (hall be had for the Purpofe of finding the Compenfation to be paid to fuchabfent Perfor.s or Commoners, for their refpedive Rights ard Interefts in fuch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, with fuch Power of Appeal from any Verdid of any fuch Jury, as by the faid recited Ad of the Forty-fourth Year aforefaid is direded.

II.	And be it further enaded, That all Rules, Regulations, Claufes, Matters, and Things, contained in the faid recited Ad of the Fortyr fourth Year aforefaid (unlefs hereby altered) (hall he in force in relation to this AA, and (hall he conftrued herewith in all Refpc&s as if the fame were inferted herein and formed a Part thereof.

CAP. CXIII.

An Ad for better regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia.	[15th	June 1809.J

•	TTTHEREAS the Regulations by Law eftabliffied in the Offices

•	W of the Paymafter General of Hir Majefty’s Forces, of the 4 Treafurer of His Majefty’s Navy, and of the Treafurcr of the 4 Ordnance, for the iffiiing and Payment of Publick Monies required for 4 Army and Navy Services, have been found beneficial; and it is ex-4 pedient that Regulations for the like Purpofes (hould be eftablifhed 4 by Law in the Office of the Agent General for Volunteers and 4 Local Militia f Be it therefore enaded by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual aod Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament alTemhled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and alter the Daffing of this Ad the faid Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia (hall be and is hereby authorized and empowered to apply to the Trcafury for Money for the different Services to which he may have been or (hall be authorized to ad as Agent General in the fame Manner as the Monies required for fuch Services have hitherto been applied for by the Paymafters General of His Majefty’s Forces.

II.	And be it further enaded. That the Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia (hall from Time to Time fubmit to the Secretary at War Statements of all bis Receipts and Payments, applicable to each feparate Head of Service, and that the Secretary at War for the Time being (hall eaufe fuch Statements to be checked by the Books in his Department, and (hall approve of and authorize the Application for fuch further Sums for the faid Services as he may deem proper, by Letter addreffed to the faid Agent General, in which Letter the Secretary at War (hall fpccify fpr what particular Service

or

 LiOOQle

A.D. 1809;	490	GEO.	III.	C.	113.	433

or Services the faid Money is wanted, and the (aid Agent General for which Money the Time being (hall, in all Memorials to be by him prefented to the he paid into Treafury for Money for fuch Services, pray that fwch Sum as is re- th»Bank. quired may be iffued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on his Account, and (hall tranfmit with each Memorial a Copy of the Lette- or Letters from the Secretary at War, and the '

Commiffi mers oF Hi< M^j. fty’s Treafury for the Time being-, by their Letter from Time to Time fin 11 dirrft the Auditor of the Exchequer to iffupto the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on accdunt of the Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, naming fuch Agent Gencrai for the Time being, the Sum for which fuch Letter fhiil be drawn upon the unfatisfied Order at the Exchequer, in favour of the faid Agent G ntral, for which the Receipt of the Cafhicr or Cafhiers of the faid Governor and Company fhall be a fuffinent D.fcharge ; and all Sums for which fuch Letters of the Coinmifiioners of His Majcfty’s Treafury fhall be drawn, (hall be iffued from the Exchequer to the Gavernor and Company of the Bd»k of England\ and not to the Agent General for Volunteers and Local M litia, and fhail be placed to the Accounts in the Books of the faid Governor and Comca iy, for the particular Service to which the fame may be applicable, wh ch Accounts (hall be entitled,

" The Account of the Agent General for Volunteers,”	The

Account of the Agent General for Local Militia,” and " The Account of the Agent General for the Militia and Defence A6U,” inferring the Name of fuch Agent General for the Time being in each of them refpedl vely.

III.	And be it further en*ft?d, That no Fees whatever fhall be Only ufual Feet paid at the Exchequer or Treafury by reafon of the Tranfa&ions Ihallbepaid. arcrefaid, beyond the Amount of what bath been ufually paid upon

Impress and Accounts hitherto made, according to the former Cuftom cf tranfa&ing Bufinrfs between the Exchequer, Pay Office, and Bank feverally.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed. That it fhall be lawful for the Bills drawn on Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia for the Time being, Ag n* by Officer* by himfclf or his Depu’y, or the Pcrfon or Perfons in his Office,at^Ue^ duly authorized by the faid Agent General, to accept all fuch Bills, Hank• anitfcall Draft?, or Order?, which (hall be drawn upon him by any Officers of fpecify the pai^ Volunteers or Local Mil cia, or Other Perfons duly authorized by the tlcular Service. ti Secretary at War, payable at the Bank of England; and every fuch

Bill or Draft fhall fpecify the particular Head of Service to which the Sum therein mentioned is to be applied, and no Bill or Draft fo accepted, (hall be deemed a fufficient Voucher to the faid Governor and Company, unlefs the Service for which it is drawn is fpecified thereon, and unlefs it fhall be actually paid by the fa;d Governor and Company, and the Monies fo to be iffued to the faid Governor and Company on account of the faid Agent General, fhall not be paid out of the Bank unlefs for the Publick Services, for which his feparate Accounts are opened, and in purfuance of Bills or Drafts drawn uoon the faid Agent General and accepted a3 aforefaid, on which fhal( be fpecified the Heads of Service to which the Sums therein mentioned are to be applied, and which Drafts or Bills fo drawn and accepted fhall be fufficient Authority to the Bank of England to pay fuch Money to the Perfon or Perfons mentioned ia fuch Drafts or Bills,

4*9 Geo- III.	Ff

 CjOOQle

434

Secretary ftt War may empower Agent General to draw on the Bank for Salaries, &c.

Agent General fhaU keep Accounts with die Bank.

All Money received for Publick Servicer ihall be paid into the Bank.

Balances of Pobliek Money fhall be Dated by Agent General to the Treafury monthly.

On Death or Removal of any Agent General, Balances fhall veft in his Sakeflar,

C.nj.	49° GEO. III.	A.D. 1809.

or to their Order or Orders according to the ufual Courfe in refpeA to Bills of Exchange,

V.	Provided, always, and be it further ena£f d, That it (hall be lawful for the Secretary at War, from Time to Time to authorize and empower the faid Agent General to draw on the Bank of England for fuch Sums as the Secretary at War (hall deem proper, for the Payment of the Salaries and Allowances to the Pcrlons employed in his Office, and for fuch Suinsa3 (hall be nectffary for Payments on his petty Accounts, and the faid Agent General is hereby dire£L*d to draw diftinft and feparate Drafts for each of thfc faid Services, and to keep a feparate Account thereof.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Agent General for the Time being (hall keep Accounts with the Bmk of England of all Monies lflued or directed to be paid to him for Publick Services ; and the faid Agent General, obferving the Rules and Regulations hereby prtferibed, (ball not be anfwerable for any Money which he (hall not adtually receive, or which (hall not be actually drawn for by him. or paid upon the Bills accepted by him or his Deputy, or other Per fen or Perfons authorifed by him as aforefaid ; and the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England (hall be anfwerable for all the Monies which (hall be actually received by them for fuch Publick Services.

VII.	And be it further enafted. That all Sums of Money received by the faid Agent General for Publick Services, (hall be immediately paid by him into the Bank of England, and placed to his Account there in Manner aforefaid 5 and fuch Money (hall be iffued, paid, and applied in fuch and the like Manner, and under the fame Regulation* and Reftri&ions as the Money to be ifTued from the Exchequer for fuch Services is herein directed to be iffiied, paid, and applied.

VIII.	4 And, in order that the Commiffioners of His Majefty's ‘ Treafury may have frequent Knowledge of the Balance of Caffiin ( the Hands of the Governor and Coropanyof the Bank of England, 4 on account of the Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia,

*	and thereby be enabled to judge of the Neceffity and Propriety of

*	further Iffues, and prevent the unneceffary Accumulation of Publick 4 Money in the Hands of the faid Governor and Company,* Be it ena&td, That in the Firfl Memorial prefenttd every Month, or oftener, if required, to the Commiffioners of His Majetty’s Treafury by the Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia for the Time being, for a Supply of Money for Publick Services, fuch Agent General or his Deputy (hall infert in the Body of fuch Memorial the Sum -total of the Balance of Publick Money on account of the Agent General, in the Hands of the Governor and Company, together with an Account of all the Claims and -cuttbHwiing Drafts or Bills with which fuch Balance is chargeable, and to which it is to be applied.

IX.	And be it further enadfted, that upon the Death, Refignation, or Removal of any Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, the Balance of Cafh for vthich he (hall at that Time have Credit on his Account or Accounts, as Agent General, with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, (hall, as (bon as a SuccefTor (hall be appointed, a&ually veft in fuch Succtffor, in trull for the Publick Services for which the fame were iffiied, and (hall forthwith be trans* ferred, carried over, and placed to the Account of fuch Succeffor,

«# I*



Google

4 35

JLD.1809.	490 GEO. III. C. 113^

to be applied to the faid Services in the Manner herein before dirc&'d, and the fucceeding Agent General (hall, and he is hereby dire&ed and required to fubmit Statements to the Secretary at War, and from his Memorials and Rtquilkions to the Treafury, and to accept Bilk as aforefaid for ail unfatisfied Charges and Demands on account of Pubiick Services, although the fame (hail have accrued in the Time of any preceding A *ent General.

X.	And be it further ena&-d, That all fuch Accounts of the Accounts of >A.gent General for the Time being (hail be tranfmitted, with pro- Agent General per Vouchers, to the Commiffioncr9 for auditing the Pubiick Accounts,

who, (hkl and they are hereby dire&ed and required, with the leaft Auditor’s Office poffible Delay, after the Receipt thereof, to examine or caufe to be	9

examined the faid Accounts and if found fatisfa&ory to prefent or cauftd to be prefented the fan»e to the proper Officer or Officers for Declaration, and when the fame are declared, a Quietus or Acquittance in the ufual Form (hall be made out to the Agent or Agents General, whole Accounts (hall have been fo declared, his or their Heirs, Executor*, or Adminiftrators.

XI. And be it further tna&ed, That all Books of Accounts, Bookstjf and all Vouchers whatever kept in the Offices of Agent General Accounts and for Volunteers and Local Militia (hall belong to the faid Office, Vouchers ihall and (hall not be at the Difpofal of the Agent General to take and (^?o°the difpofe of the fame as his private- and proper Books of Account and Agent Genera^ Vouchers ; provided that nothing herein (hall extend to prevent any for the time Perfon who hath excrcifed the Office of Agent General, or his or h«nfr

their Executors or Adminiftrators, by himfelf or themftlves, 01 by any Perfon or Perfons authorized by him or them, from taking Copies or Extra&s thereof until an Acquittance in the Exchequer (hall be made out for fuch Agent General, his Heirs, Executors, and Admi-mftrators, nor the Tranfmiffion of the Vouchers in due Time to the Comnrrffioners for auditing th? Pubiick Accounts.

XII.	And be it farther cna6ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons FWinr Draft* (hall knowingly and wilfully forget or counterfeit, or caufe or procure the Name cl to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully aft or fcflift

in forging or counterfeiting the Name or Hand of the Agent General	withoot

for the Time being, or his Deputy, or the Perfon cr Perfons duly Cteigy. authorized as aforefaid, to an* D aft, Inftrument, or Writing whatsoever, for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any of the Money in the Hands or Cultody of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ on account of the Agent General for the Volunteers and Local Militia, and (hall forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully aft or affift in the forging or counterfeiting any Draft, Inilrhment, or Writing, in Form of a Draft, made by fuch Agent Gcucral or his Deputy, or the Perfon or Perfons authorized as aforefaid, or (hall utter or publtfh any fuch, knowing the fame to be forged or copnterfeited, with an Intention to defraud any Perkm whomfbcVcr, every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, (hall be* and is and are hereby declared and adjudged guilty of Felony, and (ball fuffer Death as in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

* 48 G.3.C. lit. §50. 48 G.3. c. 150. § 57. direfiting Fines to “ be paid into the Bank to the Account of the Fay mailer of tbic Forces, repealed. §13.

Ffa	XJV.



Google

43<S

Paymafter (hall caufe all Sums already paid in to he transferred to Acconnt of Agent General.

All fucli Fines (hall in future be paid to Account jof the Agent General.

Inflead of Draft for Bounties on Phymafter General,

[.See 48 G. 3. c. 111. §56.]

fuch Draft (hall be drawn on the Agent General.

Accounts (hall continue to be fumilhed by Clerics of Meetings. [£ee48 G. 8. c.lll.§57,&c.]

Ci ii]) 114*	49*	GEO.	III*	Ai!D« 180^*

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful

for the faid £ay matter General to caufe any Sum or Sums of Money arifing from Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures under the faid recited Ad palled in the laft Stfiion of Parliament which (hall have been or (hall be received by him or paid to' the Bank of England on his Account, to be transferred or paid over to the feparate Account opened at the Bank of England, in the Name of the Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, and by fo doing the faid Paymader General (hall be and is hereby fully difeharged for the Amount of the Sum which may have been or (hall be fo transferred or paid over by him as aforefaid : And from and after the palling of this Ad all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures arifing under the faid recited Ads which may have beea or (hall be received by any Clerk of Sub divifion or other Meetings, (ball, within Twenty one Days after the Receipt thereof, be paid into the feparate Account in the Bank of England, in the Name of the Agent General for Volunteers' and L9cal Militia, in the fame Manner, and under the fame Rules and Regulations, and fubjed to the fame Provifions, Claufes, and Penalties fo far as is confident with the Pro-vifions of this Ad as are contained or preferibed in the faid recited Ads with refped to the Payment of Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures direded to be made to the Account of the Paymader General; and all fuch Sums of Money fo transferred or paid into fuch Account of fuch Agent General (had be applied in the fame Manner as if tbc fame had been iffued from the Exchequer to fuch Account.

XV.	And be it further enaded. That fo mucl of the faid recited Ads as dired that the Clerk of Subdivifion or other Meetings, (hall draw upon the Paymader General of His Majetty’s Forces for the Amount of the Bounties payable under the faid recited Ads to Perfons transferring themfelves from Volunteer Corps or Voluntarily enrolling themfelves iuto the Local Militia (hall be tad is hereby repealed.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the paffing of this Ad, all fuch Bills or Drafts on account of Bounties as aforefaid, (hall be drawn upon the Agent General for Volunteers and LQcai Militia, and (hall be by him accepted agreeably to fuch Regulations as may from Time to Time be iffued by the Secretary at War for the Time being.

“ Bills for Bounties and Payments of Fines already accepted declared *' legal. § 17.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing in this Ad or any other Ad or Ads of Parliament (hall extend to re* peal or alter any Provision in the faid recited Ads, by which Accounts are required to be farnifhed by the Clerks of Subdivifion or other Meetings, or Penalties are infiided for their negleding duly to tranf-mit the fame, or for unlawfully retaining Money m their Hands.

CAP. CXIV.

An A& for enabling His Majefty to raife the Sum of Three Millions for the Service of Great Britain.	[15th June	1809.]

* Mott Gracious Sovereign,

*	TT7E Your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subjeds, the Com*

*	VV mons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, < in Parliament affcmbled, having taken into our moft ferious Con-

• federation



Google

A*D.i8c<>.	49*	GEO.	III.	0.114,115.	437	1

*	fideration Your Majefly’s moll Gracious MeiTage, fignifying that

*	the ancient Relations qf Good Underftanding and Friendftiip be-1 tween Your Majefty and the Emperor of Aujiria have been happily 4 reftored, and have been confirmed by Treaty, and that although

*	the Provifione of the faid Treaty do not include any Stipulation ‘ for pecuniary Affiftance, Your Majefty is nevertheless defirous of

*	being enabled to afford to His Imperial Majefty, fuch Affiftance of

*	that Defcription as may be called for by the Circumftances of the

*	Conteft in which His Imperial Majefty is engaged againft the

*	common Enemy, and as can be furniftied by Your Majefty con-4 fiftently with the other extended Demands upon the Refources of

*	Your Majefty’s Dominions 5 and that Your Majefty is equally 4 defirous ot continuing to the Spanjjb Caufe, fuch Succours as may 4 be nq'iifite for fuftaining and afliitmg the Efforts of that Nation 4 againft the Tyranny and Ufurpation of France, as well a9 of giving 4 Confiftency and Effed to the Exertions of the People of Portugal,

4 for the Defence of their lawful Government and National Inde-4 pendence; and that Your Majefty is therefore dtfirous of being 4 enabled to provide for thofe Objtds, and to take fuch other Mea-4 fures as the Exigency of Affairs may require, aad do therefore 4 moft humbly befeech Your Majefty that it may be e»adtd,* &c.

41 Treafury may iffae Exchequer Bills for 3,000,000/. in Manner 44 direded by 48 G. 3. c. 1. Chargeable on the Firft Supplies of 44 next Seffion. §1—3. Intereft on fuch Bills not exceeding $\d.

<4 per Cent, per Diem. §4. Such Bills may be taken in Payment 44 of the Revenue, &c. after AprlU 5, 1810. §5. Bank may advance 44 3,000,000/. on Credit of this Ad. § 6.

CAP. CXV.

An AQ. for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England. #

[19th June 1809.]

WHEREAS it may be convenient in the prefent crowded 4 Vy State of the Prifons and Gaols in England and WtJer, that 4 fonae of the Prifoners confined therein, truly furrendefiog their 4 Effeds to their Creditors, ftiould be liberated, and enabled to parfue 4 their different Profeffions and OccupationsBe it therefore f enaded, &c.

44 Gaolers /hall make out Lifts of Prifoners in their Cuftody, on 44 February 1, 1809, and deliver the fame to the Quarter Seffions,

44 &c. § 1. Such Lifts (hall be delivered on Oath in open Court,

44 and (hall be kept by Clerk of the Peace, and examined grade*

44 § 2. Copy of Lifts fhall be fixed up in Prifons, before Delivery to 44 the Seffions. {3. Prifoners in Cuftody on 1 February, 1809, for 44 Debts not exceeding 2,oool. (hall be difeharged on conforming 44 to the Ad. § 4.

V. 4 And whereas many honeft but unfortunate Perfons whofe Further Exten-4 Debts exceed the Sum of Two thoufand Pounds, although willing fion of Relief i*

4 to furrender their Effeds for the Benefit of their Creditors, have 4 been confined in Gaol many Years, and but for the Interpofition of h[en toCuftody 4 the Legiflature will be doomed to perpetual Imprifonment Be 5 01 lo Yew*, it therefore enaded, &c.'

F f 3	44	Perfons



C.ii$.>	490 0E0« IIL	A«D.i8o'£*v

44 Perfons charged in Execution on 1 July, 1809, with Debts not “ exceeding 3000/. and having been confined for Five Years previous 44 to this Adi; and Perfons lo charged with Dc-bts to any Amount 41 having been confined for Ten Years, fhall be difchzrged on con*

44 forming to the Adi. §3. Juftices may, on Pnfoners delivering 44 Schedules, ifiue Warrants to brine them to the Quarter Scffion?. “ § 6. For holding a Special St (lion. § 7. Schedules (hail re-44 main with Clerk of the Peace. § 8. Debtors intending to apply 44 for Difcharge, fhall give Notices in t'->e London Gazette* &c. § 9, n Debtors fhall deliver Schedules to the Gaoler, previous ro the Firll Notice. § io, n. Debtora proving that Notices have been 44 given, (hall in open Court deliver in Schedules of their Effedts on ** Oath. § 12. Schedule and Oath to be fublcribed by the Debtor*. 44 Court, at the Requeft of Creditors, may examine Gaolers on “ Oath. § 13. Eliates and Effects of Debtors difeharged. fhall be 4t veiled in the Clerk of the Peace, who fhall affign the fame to fuch “ Creditors as the Court fhall dir dl in trull to get in Debts, and 44 make Dividends. § 14. Creditors for Annuities payable at any 44 future Time fhall receive Dividend** as under a Commifiion of 44 Bankruptcy. § 15. All Eliates of Debtors, though not mferted 44 in the Schedule, fhall be veiled io Clerk of the Peace. § 16. 44 Holders of Securities without Conliderath n, not entitled to ci^im 44 as Creditors. § 17. Eliates fhall remain veiled in the Cirrk of the Peace for the Time being. § 18. No Suit in Law or Equity 44 fhall be fued by Afiignees without Confent of the Majorty of “ the Creditors. $ 19. Schedules fhall be produced by the Clnk of 44 the Peace to Creditors. The Debtor’s Right alone to be affedled 44 by this Adi. § 20. Mortgages fhall take place of Debts of an 44 inferior Nature. § 21. Power of leafing Lands, &c. veiled 44 in Afiignees. §22. Gaoler, on Requeft of Creditor, to be 44 fworn concerning the Cuftcdy and Commitment of D btors. 44 § 23, 24. At the Re queft of Creditors, Gaolers may be examined 44 on Oath at the Stfiions touching Commitments. Penaby on 44 Gaolers, Sheriffs, Sec. difobeying Orders of Juftices, Six Months* 44 Imprifonment, &c. § 24. Penalty on Gaoler and Pri ter of London 44 Gazette or Newfpaper not complying with-the Regulations of 44 this Adi 100/. § 25. Puntfhment of Gaolers for Perjuty 50c/. for 44 Benefit of the Creditor?. §26. Penalty on Cierk of th-peace not 44 giving Copies of Adjudication of Difcharje 20/. § 27. Debtors 44 falfely fwearing fhall fuffer as for wilful Prrjury. § 28. Debtors 44 difeharged fhall not be liable to be impriloned tor Debts pri >r to 44 I February 1809. §29. But fhall not be difeharged from Debts 44 incurred fubftquei t to T February, 1809 § 30. Adi may be 44 pleaded to any Adlion of Eicape. &c. § 31. Adi may be pleaded 44 generally by Prifoners. §32. Prifooers, who, on Application at 44 fnfolvent Debtor?, have been remanded back, and fince dif-44 charged without their Confent, entitled to the Benefit of this 44 Adi. § 33. Adi fhall r.ot extend to Attornies or Servants em-44 bezzling Money, except where they have been confined Ten Years. 44 § 34* Nor to Perfons ( braining Monty or Goods under falfe ^re-44 ttnees or fidlitious Names, except where they have been conhned 44 Ten Years. § 35.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enadled. That the Truth of each of the Objedlions and Exceptions afortfaid *gainft

the

ftaefofth*

Troth of Ofi* jedtioob

 i^ooQle

439

A*D.i8of.	49# GEO. IIL	C.iij.

the obtaining the Benefit of this Ad, (hall be proved by the Tefti-mony upon Oath of One or more credible Witnef# or Witneffes, befides the Teftimony upon Oath of the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Objections, or other legal Proof or Evidence admiffible in a Court of Law: Provided always, that no Prifoner, who (hall have ^ not been remanded to Pcifon under any Ad heretofore paffed for the extend to Pri-Relief of Insolvent Debtors, for having fraudulently obtained Money, fonen remanded Goods, or Securities for Money on falfe Pretences, or for having fe- to Pr^on under civtly or fraudulently removed Stock* Cattle, or other Effeds, which were fubjed or liable to be detained for Rent, or who (hall have loft len(J* or forfeited the Benefit of any fuch former Ad, by having made any Money, &c. fraudulent Sale, Transfer, Conveyance, or Affignment, fince his or her Imprifooment, to the Prejudice of his Creditor or Creditors, or who (hall have fraudulently obtained a Difcharge under fuch former *

Ad, or (hall have taken a falfe Oath under fuch Ad, (hall have or receive any Benefit or Difcharge under this Ad, but fhall be remanded to.Prifon as aforefeid by the Julbces before whom he or (he (hall b« brought up to take the Benefit of this Ad: Provided always, that fuch Objedions or Exceptions were fupported by fuch Proof or Evidence as is herein before provided and direded to be made under this prefent Ad, and not otherwife ; and that no Perfon (hall be permuted to make the Objedions in this Ad mentioned againit any Prifoner, except a detaining Creditor, or fuch Perfon or P rfons as have commenced their Adion or Ad ions againit fuch Priforer previous to the Firft Day of February laft pnft, grounded on the Matters in the faid Exception* mentioned: Provided alfo, that no Perfon Nor to Perfons charged in Execution for Damages recovered in any Adion for Cri- charged in minal Converiation with the Wife of the Plaintiff in fuch Ad;on, or Execution for jn Adion for feducing or carnally knowing the Daughter or Female Servant of the Plaintiff, or in any Adion for a maliciou* P ofecution, A^ion ft* or in any Adion for any other malicious Injury, fhall have any Benefit Criminal Con-under this Ad, except only iii Cafes where the Plaintiff in fuch Adions verfation, &c. refpedivcly fhall be dead, and no Perfon (hall have obtained Probate except whew of the Will or Letters of Admimlt ration of the Effeds of fuch Plai?- ^‘echaJ% if” tiff within Twelve Months after his Deceafit; except where fuch Years! Perfon (hall have been confined in Pnfon for the Space of Ten Years laft pa ft.

•‘ Ad (hall not extend to Perfons removing Effeds of the Value of 44 30/. liable to be diitrained for Rent, except where they have been •‘.confined Ten Years* §37. Nor to Pcrfone felling or aligning 44 Effeds to defraud Creditors, except where they have been confined •‘ Ten Years. §38* Nor to Perfons lofing Money at Ptay, except ’

“ where they have been confined Ten Years. § 39. Penalty on “ Gaolers not permitting Prifoners to be fpoktn with, or E? try in “ the Books of the Prifon to be feen, 40/. §40. Penalty on Gaoler •‘ making falfe Entries 500/. § 41. pebtors refuting to difeever the •‘ Trade and Abode of the Perfon at whofe Suit detained, excluded •‘ from the Benefit of this Ad. $42. Jullices for Surrey may ad-•‘ journ to the Scilon Houfe in Horfemonger Lane. §43. Juitices “ for Turk and Lincoln may hold a' Sdhon near to the County •‘ Gaol. § 44. Juttices for the Diftrid of Holland may hold an ad-“ journed Sefiion. § 45. Prifoners in Cuftody for Prifon Fees'lhail |( be difcbarged. § 46.

F f 4	XLVIL

440

Aft {Ml not extend to Debtors of the Crown or Offenders againft Revenue Afts, ui lefs the Treaty coofent.

Fraudulent Dif-charges void*

Future Eftates of Debtors dif-eharged under this Aft (ball be liable tor their / Debts.

Cm5.	49®	GEO. III.	A.D.x8o9«

XLVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted, That this A A (hall not extend or be conftrued to extend to difehtrge any Prifoner fetking the Benefit'of this Aft, with refpeft to any I)*bt or Penalty with which he or (he fliall ftnnd charged at the Suit of the Crown, or of any Perfon for any Offence cooomitttd again 11 any Aft or Afts of Parliament relative to Hi3 Majtfty’s Revenues of Cuftoms, Excife, Stamos, or Salt Duties, or any of them, or any Branches of the Publick Revenue, or at the Suit of any Sheriff or other Publick Officer upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearance of any Perfon profecuted for any Offence committed againft any Aft or Afts of Parliament relative to H*e Majrfty’a faid Revenues of Cuftoms, Excife, Stamps, or Salt Duties, or any other Branches of Publick Revenue, uinefs any Three of the Lords Commiflioners of His M^jefty’s Treafury for the T»me being (h*ll certify their Confent under their Hands, to the faid Jutlices at their faid Srffion or Adjourns xnent thereof, for the Difcharge of fuch Prifoner a&aforefaid.

is Determination of Juftices (hall be final, unlefs the Debtor getp rid “ of the Objections to his D’fcharge. §48. Eftates of which Pri-M foners are feifed in Tail, (hall be delivered up to their Creditor?, “ $ 49. Aflignees may apply for further Examination of Debtors to ,f two Juftices. § 5°-

LI. Provided always, and be it enafted, That notwithftanding the Difcharge of any Debtor or Debtors by virtue of this Aft, if it (hall hereafter appear that the fame was obtained fraudulently, or that any Part of the Oath taken by any fuch Debtor was not true, then and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Difcharge (hall be void and of none EfFeft.

41 Aflignees with Confent of a Majority in Value of Cre4itors may 44 compound Debts,and fubmit Difputes to Arbitrator. § 52 Penalty 4< on Perfons concealing Debtors* Eftates 1 po/. and double Value. 44 §53* If Aflignees die', others may be chofe:. §54. Courts V at IVeJlminfter% &c. on Complaint rray reirove Aflignees. $ 35. 4* In Cafes of Mutual Credit Balance (hall be ftated. §56. P^rfona “ in Cuftody for Contempt in not paying Monies awarded, Cofts, 44 &c. entitled to the Benefit of this Adi. § 57. Perfons impn. 44 foned by Courts of Confcience entitled to the Benefit of th»’s Aft, 44 and Lifts fhali be returned < f them to the Scflion. § 58. Affirma-44 tion of Quakers may be taker. § 59. Juftices may amend Notices. 44 and Schedules in Matters of Form. § 60 The Insolvent, on re-4‘ leafing his Iutercft, declared a competent Witnefs. $ 61.

LXII. And be it further enrfterj, That nothing herein contained fliall be deemed or taken to difcharge the future Eftate or Efttfts, Real or Perfonal, of any Perfon or Perfons difcbargtd under this Aft* whether fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall or (hall not have been charged in Execution, of or from the Payment of any Debts, Damages, Cofts, Sum or Sums of Money due, owing, or demandable from any fuch Perfon or Perfons, or in refpeft of which any fuch Perfon or Perfons was or were in Cuftpdy ; and all and every Perfon or Perfons entitled to receive or be paid any fuch Debt. Damages, Cofts, Sum or Sums of Money, (hall have ail fuch and the like Remedies in Law or Equity againfl fuch future Eftate and Effefts, other than and except the neeeflary Apparel and Bedding of fuch Perfon or Perfons

 t^ooQle

4**

AD.i8$9*	490 GEO. Ill*	C.	115,116.

and their Family, and the neceffary Tool* lor hit, her, or their Trade and Occupation, not exceeding the Value of Forty Founds, but not again ft the Perfon of the Part?, for Payment thereof, as he, (he, or they might have had if this Ad had not been madet and in any Cafe in which the Payment or Recovery of fuch Demands or Sums, of Money could, before the paifing of this Ad, have been enforced only by Commitment, either bn the Ground of Contempt or other* wife, of the Perfons liable thereto, the Party interefted therein (hall be and is hereby enabled to fue the Perfon or Felons who ought to have paid the fame for what (hall remain unfatisfted thereof, m like Manner as if the Sum remaining unfatisfted had been Money lent and advanced by, or Money had and received for the Ufe of, the Perfon having fuch Demand, but (hall be entitled to recover or have Execution out of or again ft fuch future Eftate and Effedsonly, and lhall not be entitled to arrrft or take in Execution the Party againft whom fuch Demand (hall be enforced,

4f Perfons having taken the Benefit of any Insolvent Ad within Five 41 Year, not entitled to Relief under this Ad. § 63.

C A P. CXVI,

An Act to make further Provifion for the Execution of the feveral Ads relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things, under the Management of the Commiffioners of Cuftoma and Port Duties, and of the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland,	[19th June 1809^

*	TT7HEREAS it is expedient to make further’Provifion for 4 VV the better Execution of the feveral Ads relating to the f Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the

*	Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, and of the Commif-

*	fioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, it? Ireland ;y Be it therefore enaded, by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Con lent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That every Court of Commiffioners or S ib Commil-fioners who, from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after the Day of paffin? of this Ad, (hall fit to hear, try, or determine any Complaint or Information for any Offence againft any Ad or Ads relating to the Revenues, Matters, andTnmgs aforefaid, or any of them, (hall begin the Trial thereof on the Day of which Notice (hall be firft given for proceeding thereon ; and whenever any fuch Complaint Or Information (hall be to be tried within the Diltrid of Dublin (as fpecified and deferibed in an Ad made in the Forty-fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to provide for the better Execution of the feveral Afts relating to the Revenue** Matters, and Things under the Management of the Commiffioners of Cuf toms and Port Duties, and of the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, in Ireland,) fuch Day of Trial, of which Notice (hall be firft given as aforefaid, (hail be within Thirty Days nextafter the Com-plaint or Information (hall have been made, except only where any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize (hall have been conveyed into the laid piftrid of Dublin from the Diftrid where the fame were, adually feized; arifl whenever any Goods (hall have been fo conveyed into the

feid

Trills before Commiffionoser Sub-Co rnmif-fisnen (hall commence on the Dtyoa which Notice (hall be ^iren, which (hall be within 30 Days liter Information in Dublin Dif-tri<ft(&*46G.3. c. 106. 9 8.) aiid withiu 50 Days elfewhere.

 v^ooQle

44*

C. i id.	GEOL	If I*	A«D« i top*

faid Diftrid of Dublin, and alfo whenever any Complaint or Inform?* tion (hall be to be tried wkbin any other I)i(trid than the (aid Diftrid of Dublin, then and in either of fuch Cafes, fuch Day of Trial, of which Notice (hall be firft given as aforefaid, (hall be within Fifty Days next after fuch Complaint or Information (ball have been Such Trialslhall made; and in all Cafes fuch Court of Commifiioeers or Sub>Com« M** mill mere (hall forthwith proceed upon every fuch Trial on fuch *3j3# c‘ ' Day of which Notice (hall be firft given as aforefaid, and (hall not *	adjourn	until a Witntfs (hall have been examined, unlefs by the Con-

ftnt of both Parties, or upon good and fufficient Caufe to be ailigntd in Manner direded by an Ad made in the Forty-eighth Year of H;s prefent Majtfty’s Reign, intituled, An A8 for the making perpetual fever alA8s for the better Colledion and Security of the Revenues of Cufioms and Excife in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein ; and to make further Provifton for the Security of the fold Revenues, and for thi Execution of the fevero I A8s relating thereto; and it (hall not be lawful for fuch Comnutifionere or Sub-Commiflioners to adjourn ary Trial, except in fuch Manner as is dirtded in and by the faid laft recited Ad or this Ad.

In rafe of Death II. Provided always, and be it enaded, That if on any Day of •r Illnefs of a. which fucb Notice for Trial (hall have been firft given as aforefa d, it “-er on (hall happen that any Crmmiflioner or Snb-Commrffioner, wbofe Pro pointed^for Trial, knc€ *8 nectffary to copftitute a Court for fuch Trial, (hall be pre-the Court may	vented from attending by Death, Illnefs, or other inevitable Accident,

adjourn from	and the fame (hall be made appear upen Oath to the other Ccmmif-

DaytoDay. fionere or Sub-Commiflioners attending at fuch Day, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Commiffioners or Sub-Commiffioners, fo attending, to adjourn fuch Trial from Day to Day only, in like Manner as they are authorized to do in other Cafes, until fome other Com-miflioner or Sub-Commifiioner (hall be appointed and (hall attend in the Room of any Commiflioner or Sub Com miflioner fo dying, or until fuch Comnvffioner of Sub.Commiflioner, whofe Abfence (hall be occafioned by Llntfs or other inevitable Accident, (hall be able to attend and (hall attend, fo that fuch Trial may be duly proceeded upon; and every fucb Adjournment and Caufe thereof, upon Oath, (hall be entered in the Proceedings of the Court, and be made Part of the Tranfmifs.

Penalty on Sub- III. Provided always, and be it further cnaded, That if any Officer Commiffioners (hall fit or ad as a Sub-Coro miflioner appointed to hear, tiy, and whoreia'lmer-6* ^cterm*ne at Y Complaint or Information for any Offence againft any afted,Incapacity, Ad or Ads relating; to the Revenues, Matcere. and Things aforefaid, «ic. *	in any Caufe wherein he is inttrefted in the Recovery of the Penal-

ties annexed to fuch Offence, he the faid Officer, being thereof con-vided by due Courfe of Law, (hall forfeit Treble the Amount of the faid Penalties, and be thenceforth rendered incapable of holding or exercifing any Office Civil or Military under the Crown. Informations for IV. And be it further enaded. That no Ad or Ads in force re-Oflcnccs againft lating to any of the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Ma-Excife and nagement of the Commiffioners of Cuftomsand Port Duties, or under bewbTdn'Thrce th* Management of the Commiflionere of Inland Excife and Taxes in Months after	Ireland, (hafl extend to charge any Perfon or Perfons with any Penalty,

Offence.	Forfeiture, or Punifhment upon any Trial to be had before any fuch

Commiffioners, or any of their Sub-Commiflioners for the Time.being, for or concerning any Offence to be committed after the Day of the

paffing



Google

AJ3.1809.	49P	GEO.	Ill,	Gn<.	443

paffing of this Aft contrary to the Tenor of «ny fnch Aft or Afts,

or of any of the Articles or Branches of the dame, unlefs the Party

or Parties fo offending be informed againft or complained of to fuch

Commiflioners, or their Sub-Commiflioners or Colletors refpe&ively,

within three Calendar Months next after the fame Offence (hall be

done or committed as aforefaid; any Thing in an A& made in the

Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majefty King Charles the

Second, intituled, An AS for the fettling of the Excife or new Impojl 15 C.9k»

■upon His Majejly, his Heirs and Succejjors, according to the Book of «• ••

Kates therein infcrted9 or in any other A61 or A&s of Parliament in force in Ireland relating to the faid Revenues, Matters, and Things, or any of them, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithffanding.

V. ‘ And to prevent unneceffary Expences on Informations and • Trials with refpeft^o unlicenfed Stills, and other Offences againft any A6f or A&s in force relating to any Matters or Things under 1 the Management of the Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes,

'* or of the Commiflioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland? Be Commiffioptiiof it enacted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they Extifeand are hereby refpe&ivcly empowered and required, on or before the Twenty-ninth Day -f September One thoufand tight hundred and nine,	Solid-

to fettle and afeertain what Charges (hall be made by and be payable tors, &c. om to any Solicitor or Attorney employed by or on behalf of the faid Informations .Cominiffiontrs refpt&ively, or under their Orders, or by their Direc- and Trials, tiorw, in the making, drawing, or framing of any Information or Complaint, or in any Proceeding relative to fuch Information or Com-plaint, or to any Trial, Convi&ion, or Judgment in confequence thereof j and whenever fuch Rates of Charges (hall be fo fettled and afeertained, and (hall have rectived the Approbation of the Commif-iioners for exteuting the Office of Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, or any Three of them, the fa’d Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or of Guftoms and Port Duties refpe&ively, (hall caufe a Table of fuch Rates of Charges to be made out and to be figned by the Secretary to fuch Commiflioners refp. lively, and to be tranf-mitted to the Offices of the Collectors of Excife and Cuftomg refpec-tively in their fevtral Dill rifts; and fuch Colleftors (liall *flu or bang up fuch Table of Rates in fome confpicuous Part of their Office, and keep the fame fo affixed and hung up for publick In-fpr&’on, fo that ail Perfons may have convenient Accefs thereto; and it (hall be lawful for fuch Commiflioners of Cuitoms and Excife retpe&ively to alter fuch Table of Rates of Charges from Time to Time, with the Approbation of the faid Commiflioners of the Trea-fury in Manner aforefaid 5 and if at any Time after the faid Twenty-ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and nine, any Solictor, Attorney, or other Perfon concerned or employed on behalf of the faid Commiflioners, or under thtir Orders, or by their Dircft’ons in the Matters aforefaid, or any of them, (hall make any Charge, or take or receive any Payment or Reward whatfoever, other than luch as (hall from Time to Time be fet forth in and authorized by fuch Table to be prepared by the faid Commiflioners rcfoc&ively in Manner aforefaid. fuch Solicitor, Attorney, or other Perfon fo offending (hall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pound?, to be recovered with Cofts of Suit, together with the Amount of fuch Charge or Payment, in any of His Majefty.’s Courts of Record in Dublin at the Suit of any Perfon who will fue for the fame by Aftion of Debt,



44*	Cruft	49®	GEO.	III.	A.D.1809.

Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which no EfTuign nor'Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance (hall be allowed.

46G.3. c,5ta	VI. * And Whereas by an Aft made in the Forty-fixth Year of

f	1 His prcfent Majefty** Reign, intituled, An Ad for eftablifhing certain

*	Regulations in the Colledioh and Management of His Majyly's Re~

*	venues of Cufioms, Excife, and Taxes in Ireland* it is among other

*	Things enacted, That all Afts, Matters, and Things relating to ‘ the Duties of Cuftoms and Excife or Taxes, which by any Aft or c Aft* in force in Ireland are required to be done or performed by or ‘ under the Jurifdiftion of the Commiffiooers mentioned in the faid ‘ Aft, made in the Parliament. of Ireland, in the Fourteenth and ‘ Fifteenth Years of His late Majelly King Charles the Second,

*	intituled, An Ad for the fettling of the Excife or new Impofi upon Hie

*	MajeJIy, his Heirs and Suceefforst according to the Book of Rates

*	therein inferted, fhall and may be in like Manner done and per-

*	formed by or under,the Jurifdiftion of the Commiffioners of Cuf-

*	toms and Port Duties, or the Comnrffioners of Inland Excife

*	and Taxes, as the Cafe may require : For the obviating of any

*	Doubts as to the Conftruftion of the faid recited Aft of the Forty-

*	fixth Year aforefaid, or of any other Aft or Afts in force ii) Ireland

*	relating to the Matters and Things under the Management of the

Where Claims, ‘ Commiffioners 0/ Cuftoms and Port Duties;* Be it enafttd, That Entries, or whenever, by any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland, it is or (hall be Proceedings are required that any Claim, Entry, or other Proceeding (hall be made, required to be filed, or entered, or had in or at the Excife Office of any Diftrift Excife'ofhce ok re^at*ve to anY Matter or Thing whatfoever, every fuch Claim, Entry, any Diftruft, if or °ther Proceeding which (hall relate to Shipping or Navigation, the Matter re- or to any Matters or Things which by the faid recited Aft of the lates to Cuftoms, Forty fixth Year aforefaid, or any other Aft or Afts in force in Ire-fuch1 Claims, &c, land} are placed under the Management or Jurifdiftion of the Commif-in the^fficTof ^ODtrd °f Cuftoms and Port Duties, (hall be made, filed, entered, the Collector of or	the Offi:e of the Colleftur of the Cufioms of the Port or

the Cuftoms. Diftrift within which the Caufe of fuch Claim, Entry, or other

Proceeding (hall have arifen, infiead of the Excife Office of fuch D:ftrift, and fuch Claim, Entry, or other Proceeding (hall be good and effeftual to all lutents and Purpofes whatfoever contained in fuch

Aft qr Aft*.

Penalty on	VII. And be it further enafted. That, from and after the Ex-

Officer taking	piration of One Calendar Month next after the Day of the paffing of

Bribes or Pre- this Aft, if any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife, or any Officer appointed fcnts from any by or afting under the Commiffioners of Cufioms and Port Duties, or Perfons fubje& tfie Commiffiom rs of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or either of ctfe oTcuftomsT them, (hall direftly or indireftly by himfelf or by any other Perfon to his Ufe or Benefit, afk or (hall take or receive direftly or indireftly from or on the Behalf of any Perfon or Perfons who by any Aft or Afts in force in Inland, (hall be liable or fubjeft to or chargeable with the Payment of any Duty under the Management of the faid Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, or of the faid Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, any Bribe, Fee, Gratuity, Recompence, or Reward, or any Matter or Thing whatfoever, or any Sum or Sums of Money whatfoever, or any Promife of the fame, for the doing or performing, or for the not doing or performing any Aft, Matter, or Thing which fuch Officer ought to do or perform ip the Execution of the Duty of his Office, or for or in refpeft of or * -	"	*	‘	......*' ’	'	with

 v^ooQle

445

AJD.i 809.	4$^' GEO. ill.	C. 115.

with Intent to influence any Cocdv& of fuch T)fficfcr in refped of the Payment or Non-payment of any fuch Duty* or of the Attendance or Non-attendance or Delay of Attendance of any fuch Officer, or of the Execution or Non-execution of his Duty a; an Officer, other thah and except fuch Sum or Sums of Mooey as fuch Officer may by Lav be entitled to, or may be allowed by fuch Commiffionera refpc&tvely % to receive in lieu of his Share of any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture j every fuch Officer fo offending (hall be deemed and taken to be guilty Mifdemeanor. of a Mifdemeanor, and fuch Officer (hall and may be ind’&'d for fuch Offence, at the Aflizes held in the County or County of a City oi*

Town where fuch Offence fhall be committed, or at the Court of Commiffion of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, held in and tor the county of Dublin and County of the City of Ijublin, for fuch Offence as (hall be committed within the faid County or City refpe&ivcly; and in cafe any Indictment (hall be found at fuch Arizes or Court againft fuch Officer, he (hall plead thereto forthwith without having Time to traverfe the fame; and it (hall be lawful Punlfliable by for the Court before whom fuch Officer (hall be tried and confided* Dne, Iraprifjpo-to inflid fuch Punifhment on fuch. Officer by Fine not Jefs than jllent, V** Three Times the Value of fuch Bribe, Fee, Gratuity, Recom- "“P**** pence* or Reward, and by Imprifonment or otherwife, as may by the Laws and Statutes in force in Ireland be inflided on Perfons guilty of Mifdemeanors; and fuch Officer fo convi&ed (hall thenceforth be incapable of holdiog any Office or Employment whatever, Civil or Military, under His Mdjefty, his Heirs or Succeffors, or under any Authority derived from His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That from and after the Expi- p , ration of One Calendar Month next after the paffing of this Ad, if	offering

any Perfon whatever (hall diredly or indircdly give or offer any Bribes to Bribe, Fee, Gratuity, Recompence, or Reward, or any Sum or Officers, Mif-Sums of Money, Article, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, or any demeanor, Promife of the fame, to any Officer of Cuiioms or Excife, or any Officer appointed by or admg under the Commiffioners of Cuftoms prifonmeniT* and Port Duties, or the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, P or either of them, for the doing or performing, or for the not doing or performing any Ad, Matter, or Thing which fuch Officer ought to do or perform in the Execution of the Duty of his Office, or for or in refped of or with Intent to influence any Condud of fuch Officer in refped of the Payment or Non-payment of any Duty under the Management of the faid Commiffioners refpt&ively, or of the Attendance or Non-attendance or Delay of Attendance of any fuch Officer, or of the Execution or Non execution of his Duty as an Officer, other than fuch Salary, Recompence, Reward, or Gratuity* as (hall be allowed by the faid Commiffioners refpedively, or to which fuch Officer may by Law be entitled to; every fuch Perfon fo offending, (hail be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Mifdemeanor* and fuch Perfon (hall and may he iodided for fuch Offence (whether fuch Offer (hall be accepted, or Promife (hall be performed, or not) at the Aflizes held in the County or County, of the City or Town where fuch Offence (hall be committed, or at the Court of Com-xniffion of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, held in and for the County of Dublin, and County of, the City of Dublin, for fuch Offence as (hall be committed within the faid County or City refpedively ; and in cafe any Indidment (hall be found at fuch Affizep

or



Google

Coromiflkmer*

of Cuftoms and Excife (hall not mitiaate any Forfeiture, &c. will Knit Coafcnt of thcTreafuiy.

Perfora put in Charge of Col-letftions (hall be liable to account, &c. in the fame Manner as CoUe&ors.

C. ntf.	49* GEO. llL	A*0•	1	•

or Court agairfft fuel* perfon, he (hall plead thereto forthwith, without having Time to traverfe the fame; and it (hall be lawful for the Court before whom fuch Ferfon (hall be tried and convifted, to inflift fuch Puntftiment by Fine, not lefa than Three Times the Value of fuch Bribe, Fee, Gratuity* Recompence, or Reward, and by Im-prifonment or otherwife, as may by the Laws and Statutes in force in Ireland be infl fted on Perfons guilty of Mifdemeanors.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the Exp’ration of Ten Days next after the Day of the prfling of this Aft, it flidh not be lawful for the Commiflioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, nor for the Comm flioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or any of them, to abate, reduce, or mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, not to reftore any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, feized by any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife, for any Offence again ft any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Tbing6 under the Management of the faid Commiflioners refpec-tively, after a ProCecution (hall have been commenced by any Officer of Excife or Cuftoms by his filing an Information for the fame ; nor to cancel nor deliver to be cancelled any Bond taken for His Majefty’s Ufe, the Condition whereof (hall not have been fully performed and fatisfied^ without the Confent and Approbation of the Comm flioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer in Ireland, or any Three of them, for that Purpofe.

X.	And be it further enafted, That in all Cafes where the Com-mifiioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or the Commiflioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties (hall have heretofore put or placed, or (hall hereafter put or place any Perfon in Charge of any Col it ft ion relating to the Matters and Things under the Management of the faid C‘m* miffioners refpeftively; and in all Cafes where fuch Commiflioners refpeftively (ball have appointed ordirtfted, or (hall appoint ordirtft any Perfon to execute the. Office of any Colleftor of Excife, or Col-leftor of Cuftoms refpeftively, in confequence of any Vacancy, Abfence, Sufpenfion, or Removal of a Colleftor, every fuch Perfon fo put in Charge, or fo appointed or direfted to execute any fuch Office of Colleftor, (hall be confidered as a Colleftor for the Time being, fo far as refpefts any Money by bim received or paid; and that fuch Perfon fo put in Charge, and the Sureties of every fuch Perfon refpeftively, (hall be fubjeft and liable, and (hall and may be required and compellable^ and compelled to account for ail and every Sum and Sums of Money received or paid by fuch Perfon, ard to pay and fatis’fy all Sum and Sums of Money which (hall have been or (hall be received by fuch Perfon, or with which fuch Perfon is or may be chargeable by virtue of, or in confequence of any Charge, Direction, or Appointment, in fuch and the like Manner and Form, and to and before fuch and the like Courts and Perfons, and under all fuch and the like Penalties and Forfeitures, Regulations Reftnftions and Provifions whatsoever, aa fully and effcftually to all Intents and Pur-pofes, as any Colltftor duly holding and exercifing the Place or Office in Charge of which fuch Perfon (hall be put and placed, or which he (hall be direfted or appointed to excerciie as aforefaid, is required fend compellable, and compelled to account for, and to pay and la i>fy all Sum and Sums of Money received by him, or with which he is chargeable, under or by virtue of any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland for that Purpofe.

XL



A.D.1809*	49*	GEO.	IJfl.	C.116.	447

XI.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the Expiration Colledor* (hall of One Calendar Month next alter the Day of the palling of this fend Weekly Ad, every Collector of Cuftoms, and every Colledor of Excife, Abftm8»of and every Perfon put in Charge of any Colledion of Cuftoms or Ex- Heceipuand cife, fhall tranfmit weekly to the Cornu* ffioners of Cuftoms and Port Cat^Mioners Duties, or to the Commiffijners of Inland Excife and Taxe? refpec* ofCuttomsand tively, an Abftrad or Accourt, figned by himfelf in the Prefence of Excife, refpea-an Officer of Cultoms or Excife, ard witnefled by fuch Officer, of nrely dating the his feveral Receipts and Payments for the Week ending on the Day Balance in the#/ preceding the Day of h«a iranfmitting fuch Abitrad or Account, ”atuis* debiting himfelf therein with all Monies received by him in that Week,

or in his Hands at the Commencement thereof, ard crediting himfelf for all fuch Sums as be fhall have paid therein as Colledor, or as (hall have been paid on bis Account during that Week to the Receiver*

General, or into His Mnjefty’s Exchequer, Hating the Balance

thereon ; and every fuch Collector or Perfon in Charge, (hall catry

forward fuch Balance as the firft Article in the fucceeding Week's

Abftrad or Account on the Debit or Credit Side thereof, as the

Cafe (hall happen to be, and fo from Time to Time weekly and every

Week in Tike Manner : Provided always, that if any Bill, Draft, or CoIfeaorsiMp

Note, fhall have been tranfmitted or delivered to the-Receiver- take Credit for

General on account of any fuch CHledor or other Perfon in Charge,

wh;ch (hall not have come to Maturity at the Time of fuch Tranf-	*

million, fuch Colle&or or other Perfon (hall and may take Credit for ^ *

the fame in the Abftrad or Account of the Week, in which he (hall

be informed that the Amount thereof has been paid.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That every fuch Colledor, or Cdledort (hall Perfon put in charge of any Colledion, (hall fet down in Writing at add to Weekly the Foot of every fuch weekly Abftrad, or on the Back thereof, Abftra&a

or on fome Paper annexed thereto, a Memorandum of the Amount

of Bills, Notes, or Drafts in the Han<}s of the Receiver-General, °	1	5reBm

not fet down to the Credit of fuch Colled >r or Perfon in fuch Ab-

ttrad, and which are to be placed to his Credit when paid, fpecifying

the Particulars of evtry fuch Bill, Note, and Draft refpedively.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, Tnat every Colledor of Cuftoms Colle&ow (hall or Excife, and every Perfon in charge of any Colledion of Cuftoms deliver annual or Excife, (hall once in every Year within Three Months after the Account® figned Fifth Day of January in each Year, or within Three Months after he (^mmiflioner® (hall ceafe to be Colledor, or to be in charge as Colledor, draw up, who fliall tranf* a dp ft, and fettle with the Comm ffioners of Cuftonr.a or Excife refpec- mit the fame to tively, a full and true Account for the Whole of the Year ending the the Auditor-faid Fifth Day of January, or for fo much of fuch Year as he (hall General, anjja have been iq charge of fuch Colk&iou, and (hall fign fuch Account

with his Name, and (hall infert therein among his Receipts and Pay- Auditor-General

ments, every Item of Receipt and Payment, with the Dates, and in totbeCoHe&cr

the Woids and Figures as the fame were feverally fet forth in the flwll be fworato

Weekly Abftrads tianfmitred by him as aforefaid; and th^ (aid Com- fey him.

mifjjontra refpedively (hall forthwith deliver a Copy thereof, figned

by their Secretary or Accountant-General, to fuch Colledor or other

Perfon, and (hall deliver the faid. Account to the Auditor-General of

His Majefty's Exchequer, who (hall forthwith tranfmit a Copy thereof,

fairly engroffed on Parchment, to fuch Colledor or other Perfon,

and require him to make Oath to the Truth thereof at the Foot of

fuch Copy, either before the Chancellor of His Majefty's Court of

Exchequer',

3



44*

C. ti6*

Where Two Colleton are in Charge, each ftaD anfwer for hintftlf only.

Penalty on Coilc&or wrglefting to fign and tranfmit weekly Accounts, 101.

Second Offence, Fine and Im-j>rif«nmenu

Penalty on ,

Collector* neglcdling to adjiifl annual Account*, For* fekure of Salary.

Penalty on CoUe&or not fwearing to yearly Accounts, Forfeiture of Oflke and 1001.

Cornmiffioners, with Confent of Treafuiy, may

49° CEO. lit.	A.t). i8ojf»

Exchequer, of one of the Barons thereof, or before the Court of the Quarter-Seflions, or any Adjournment thereof, held in the County or County of the Town or C?ty wherein his Office as Collector (hall be fituate, in the Prefence of the aAing Clerk of the Prace attending fucji Sdlions, who*ffiall witnefs the fame; and every ColleAor, or other Perfon in charge of a Colie Aion, {hall make Oath to the Truth of fuch Account, in Manner aforefaid, and tranfmit or deliver fuch Account, fo fworn to, to the Auditor of the Exchequer, before the Firft Day of Augujl next following the Date of the fettling and adjufting of fuch Account: Provided always, that where Two or more Perfons (hall have been ColleAors or in charge as ColleAors for the fame DiftriA, in the Courfe of pne and the fame Year ending on the Fifth Day of January, each and every Perfon having fo been ColleAor or in charge as ColleAor, ffiall be accountable and (hall account for fuch Part of the Year only during which he (hall have been ColleAor or in charge as aforefaid.

XIV.	And be it further enaAed, That if any ColleAor or othetf Perfon in charge of a ColIeAion, (hall omit or negVA fign, get teftified, and tranfmit fuch weekly AbftraA or Account, in the Manner and Form and at the Time herein enaAed rtfpeAing the fame, fuch ColleAor or other Perfon (hall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for every fuch Onvffion or NegUA; which Sum the faid Commiffioners are refpeAively required to deduA and default to the tJfe of His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflo»s, out of the Salary o.f fuch ChileAor or other Perfon ; and for his fecond and every fubfe-quent Offence therein he (hall, over and above the Forfeiture of the faid Sum of Ten Pounds be alfo fufpended from his Office of Col-leAor, and continue fo fufpended until fuch Sufpenfion (hall be taken off by the faid Commiffioners of Cuftoms or Excife, which they are hereby refpeAivcly authorized to do, on his accounting to their Satif-faAion for fuch his Omiffion^or NegleA.

XV.	And be it further enaAed, That if any ColleAor of Excife or Cuftoms, or any Perfon in charge as fuch ColleAor, (hall refufe or negleA to adiuft and fettle and fign fuch Accounts for the Year or Part of the Year, as the Cafe may be, in Manner and within the Time aforefaid, or within fuch further Time as may be allowed for that Purpofe under the Provifions of this AA, all Salary ar.d Allowances payable to any fuch Colle&or ffiall be forfeited and defaulted to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succtffors, from the Day when fuchCol-leAor or other Perfoii ought to have fettled and adjufted and figned fuch yearly Accounts as aforefaid, until he ffiall fully fettle and adjuft. and fign the fame.

XVI.	And be it further enaAed, That if any ColleAor of Cuftoms, or any ColleAor of Excife, or any Perfon in charge of any ColleAion of Cuftoms or Excife, ffiall refufe or negleA to fwear to the Truth of fuch Accounts fo fettled and adjufted and figoed, and to tranfmit or deliver the fame to the Auditor of the Exchequer in Manner herein required, before the Firft Day of Augujl in any Year, or fiich further Day as may be allowed under the rrovifions of this AA, he ffiall be incapable from and after fuch Day of holding his Place as CoW leAor, or any other Place or Office under the Commiffioners of Excife or Cuftoms, and ffiall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds: Provided always, that it ffiall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of Cuftoms or Excife refpeAivcly, by and with the Approbation of

the

 LjOOQle

A«D>^8dp»	49^ GEO. III#	C.11&	449

the Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Trea- K]D;t Fines an<i . furer of Ireland, or any Three of them, in cafe of Sicknefs or any allow further other unavoidable Caufe preventing any ColIe£tor or Perfon in charge Time for ae fuch, from tranfmitting any fuch weekly Abftraft or Account within’ Account* the Time aforefaid, to remit the Forfeiture of Ten Pounds incurred thereby 5 and in cafe any Colle&or or Perfon in charge as fuch, (hall be prevented by Sicknefs'or any other unavoidable Caufe, from fettling and adjufting, orfwearing to his yearly Accounts, or tranfmitting the fame, when fworn, within the Time or Times aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for the laid Commiilioners of Cuftoms or Excife refpe&ively, by and with the Approbation of the Commiffioners for executing'the Office of Lord High Treafurer of Irelandy or any Three of them, to allow fuch furtner Time for fo doing as (hall appear to the faid Commiffioners refpe&ively to be reafonable for that- Purpofe, and to	#

reflpt the Incapacity and Forfeiture aforefaid, if the fame (hall have been incurred before Application Could have been made for fuch further Time as aforefaid.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That in all Aftions or Suits Colfaftor’s commenced or to be commenced againtt any Colle&or or Perfon in Account# Hull charge as a Collt&or, or his perfonal Reprefcntatives, or agairfft be Evidence of both or either of his Sureties, or their or either of their perfonal die Receipt of Reprefcntatives, every fuch weekly Abflra6t or Account fo figned

and witnefled, fhall be accepted, taken, and allowed in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence of the Receipt of the Sums therein ftated to the Debit of fuch Colle&or or other Perfon; and all and every fuch yearly Account or Accounts for Part of a Year, fo fettled and adjufted, figned, and fworn, fhall be accepted, taken, and allowed in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence againft fuch Golle&or Or other Perfon in charge as a CMleftor, or his perfonal Representatives, or both or either of his or their Sureties, or their or cither of their perfonal Reprefentatives, of the feveral Receipts therein feverally fet forth.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That in all Cafes where any Fee to the

fuch Account for a Year or Part of a Year (hall be fworn before any Auditor-General Court of Quarter-Seffions, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid on Accounts Commiffioners refpe&ively, and they are hereby required to pay	*,eforc

unto the Auditor-General a Fee, to fuch Amount as the Commif- e ons‘ fioners of Cuftoms have heretofore allowed Credit for in their Collectors' Accounts, as having been paid by the Collector or Colle&ors or

Perfon in charge of a Colie&ion, to the Auditor*General on paffing^

Accounts within the Year, and as they would have allowed Credit for in cafe fuch Account had been fworn before the Chancellor or one of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer.

XIX.	And be it further ena&id, That no Surcharge fhall be made ^11 Surcharge# On account of any fhort Charge of Duty payable on the Importation ofCuftomDutiet of any Goods, WareB, or Merchandize imported into or exported fhall be made out of Ireland, at any Time after the paffing of this A&, upon the wkhinFout Perfon or Perfons who fhall have imported the fame, at any Time

after the Expiration of Four Calendar Months next after the Entry n made thereof, on which any Duty (hill have been computed and paid, whether the fame fhall be an Entry either Inwards or Outwards, or a prime or port Entry, or an Entry of Goods in Warehoufe 5 but that all Surcharges of Duty in refpeft of fuch Goods, Wares, and Merchandize fo imported or exported fhall be made within Four Ca-49 Geo. III.	G	g	lendar

 LjOOQle

Permits fhatl not be granted on Bills of View.

Where any Penalty under 43 G. 3. c. 56. is fued for in Ireland, Notice of the A&ion fhall be given to Comraiifioners of Caftoms, and Half the Penalty recovered (hall be paid to the • Collector of the Cuftoms,

Goods to be fold at Rummage Sales, fha.ll be open for Infpec-tteu Three Oays.

C.n<5.	+9# GEO. III.	A.D.i8o<2*

lendar Months next after fuch Entry, Computation, and Payment# is aforefaid.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That whenever any Goods, Wares,, or Merchandize, imported into Ireland, (hall be landed and taken up by Warrant ad Vtfum, at Sight, Or upon B’il of View, no Permit fhall be granted for the Removal of lush Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from the Cuftom houfe or Place where they were fo landed, until fuch Goods, Wares, or Merchandize (hall have been viewed and duly entered, cleared, and Datv thereon fully paid, according to Law, any Thing in any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland to the contrary in anvwife notwithftanding.

XXI.	4 And Whereas by an Aft made in the Forty-third Year f of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An A8 for regulating ( the Veffels carrying Paffengers from the United Kingdom to His 4 Majejlyfr Plantations and Settlements abroad, or to Foreign Parts,

*	with rcfpeQ to the Number of fuch Paffengers, it is amongft other 4 Things en?fted, That certain Penalties and Forfeitures inflifted by 4 the faid Aft may be profecuted, fued for, and recovered in His

*	Majefty’s Courts rf Record at Dublin, in the Name of His 4 *M^jerty,8 Attorney General for Irelandor in the Name of any 4 Perfon or Perfons whatfoever; and that One Moiety of every 4 Penalty to be recovered by virtue of the faid Aft, after dedufting 4 the Charges of Profecution from the Whole, (hall go and be applied 4 to His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors ;9 Be it enafted. That whenever any Penalty or Forfeiture under the faid recited Aft (hall be profecuted or fued for in Ireland\ the Solicitor or Attorney for the. Perfon by or on whofe Behalf any Aft ion, Bill, Plaint, or Inform-; ation (hail be commenced, (hall, within Three Days after the Com-, mencemenl of any fuch Aftion or Proceeding, deliver or caufe to. be delivered to the Solicitor of the Commiffioners of Cuftoms and; Port Duties in Ireland, a Notice of the Commencement of fuch Aftion or Proceeding, and (hall alfo, within Three Days after the Declaration or Information in any fuch Aftion or Proceeding (halt be delivered to the Defendant, deliver or caufe to be delivered a Copy of fuch Declaration or Information to the faid Solicitor of the Lid Commiffioners; and whenever the Penalty or Forfeiture for the Recovery whereof fuch Aftion or other Proceeding (hall be com-, menced (hall be duly recovered and levied, One Moiety thereof, after dedufting as aforefaid, (hall be paid over by or on behalf of the Plain-tiffin fuch Aftion to the Coileftor of Cuftoms for the Port of Dublin* for the Ufe of His Majelty, his Heirs and Succeffors; and In cafe any Solicitor or Attorney (hall negleft to give fuch Notice, or to deliver a Copy of fuch Declaration or-Information in Manner herein-; before required, fuch Solicitor or Attorney (hall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and in cafe the Moiety of the Penalty or Forfeiture fo recovered (hall not be paid to fuch Coileftor in Manner aforefaid, fuch Moiety (hall be a Debt to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, from the Perfon by whom fuch Penalty was recovered

-and received, and fhall be recoverable from fuch Perfon accordingly.

XXIL And be it further enafted, That whenever any Sale, com-v monly called a Rummage Sale, or any other Sale of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, (hall be made under the Orders of the Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, or under the Order of the faid Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxcfe at His Majtfty’s

Stores



Google

A.D.i8o9»

49® GEO. HI.

C.116.

45*

Stores or clfewherf, whether fuch Sale fluB be made by Inch of Candle or otherwife, all the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, intended to be fold at foch Sale, (hall be publickly expo fed to View, aid open for the Infpeftion of all Perfons for Three whole Days next before the Day on which fuch Sale (hail take place, during fuch Hours as the Cuftom-houfe is open on fuch D^ys; and that Catalogues of all the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize fo intended for Sale, wi t proper Numbers and References to fuch Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, fhall be prepared by the Order and under the Direction of the faid Comnruffioners refpeftively, and fhall be bung up in fome confpicnoo8 Part of the Store Warehoufe or Place in which fuch Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, fhall be depofited for Infpeftion as aforefaid.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the paffing of this Aft, whenever any Wine fhall have been duly removed by Permit according to Law, into the Stock or PofTeflion of any Perfon in Ireland not concerned in the Wine Trade, for the private Ufe and Confumption of fuch Perfon, and not for Sale, no fuch Perfon fhall be required or compelled, or compellable, to lodge fuch Permit with any Officer of Excife, nor to obtain any Certificate thereof from fuch Officer, nor to renew any Certificate in Manner required by an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His prefent Maj fly’s Reign, intituled, An AS for better • regulating the iffuing and granting of Permits and Certificates for the Con-veyance and Protection of certain Excifcable Goods therein mentioned, and Jo prevent Frauds by Dealers in or Retailers of fuch Goods ; and that no Wine in the Stock or Pofftfiion of any fuch Perfon in Ireland for the private Ufe and Confumption of fuch Perfon, and not for Sale# fhall be liable to Forfeiture or Seizure, nor fhall be forfeited oy feized for or on account of the not producing the Permit under which the fame was conveyed into the Stock of fuch Perfon or Perfons, oy for or on account of the not producing any Certificate of fuch Permit, any Thing in the faid recited Aft of the Fortieth Year aforefaid, oy in any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwith-ihnding.

XXIV.	4 And for the more fpeedy and fatisfaftory Difpatchof 4 Butinefs to all Perfons concerned,’ Be it further enafted, That nq Holidays whatever fhall be kept by any Officers of His Majefty’f Excife in Ireland, for or in refpeft of any Aft, Matter, or Thing to be done by any fuch Officer in refpeft of his Duty as fuch Qfficer, or of any Law for the Regulation or Colleftion of His Majefly’s Revenue of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or for carrying the fame into Executi <n, except Sundays, Cbriftmas Day, and Good Friday, and any Days which (hall be appointed by Proclamation for a General Fad or Thankfgiving, and alfo the Anniverfaries of the Rtiloration of His Majefty King Charles the Second, and of the Coronation of His Majedy, and of the Birth Days of Their Majcdies and of His Royal Highoefs the Prince of Wales \ but that all Bufinefs relating to His Majefly’s Revenue of Excife and Inland Duties fhall be carried on every Day throughout the Year, except on the Days before excepted, any Law, Ufage, or Cuftona, to the contrary notwithdanding.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That every Excife Office for the receiving of Requed-Notes for Permits, or ifluing'of Permits* (hall be

G g 2	kept

Certificates of Permits for Wict into private Stock (ball not be required under 40Q#3* (I.)c,6S»

No Holidays at Excife Office except Sundays, Chriftnias Day, Ice,

Permit Qflfee fhall be opeiratt D.j.



45*

ftoSug&r ffiall be warehonfed under 48 G. 3. €.32. «xcept Britiffi Plantation and Eaft India Sugar as imported.

Lord Lieutenant of Ireland may reler the Cafe of any Patentee or other Officer claiming Com-penfation for Fees under 48 G. c.56. t»the Commif-honersof Inquiry appointed under 44 G. 3. c. 106. and on their Heport dire& Compensation to te paid to iuch Office/, &c.

C. u 6.	49* GEO. III.	A.D.	1809.

kept open from Sun*rife to Sun-fet on every Day of the Year, cxqept

the Days before excepted.

XXVI. 4 And Whereas by an Aft made in the Forty-eighth Year 4 of His prefent Majcdy’s Reign, intituled, An A8 to permit certain 4 Goods imported into Ireland, to be warehoufed or fecured •without the 4 Duties due on the Importation thereof being JirJl paid; it is enacted,

•	That it (hall be lawful for the Importers, Proprietors, or Con* 4 (igriees of the Good?, Wares, and Merchandize enumerated in the 1 Schedule marked (A.) annexed to the faid Aft, to lodge and fecure 4 the fame in Warehoufes without Pavment at the Time of the 6rft 4 Entry of fuch Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the Duties due

•	on the Importation thereof, fubjeft to the Rules, Regulations,

•	and Reftriftions in the faid Aft contained : And Whereas Sugar is

•	one of the Articles enumerated in the faid Schedule marked (A.),* Be it declared and enafted, That nothing in the faid recited Aft (hall extend, or be condrued to extend, or was meant or intended to extend, to any Sugar, other than White or Clayed, or Brown or Mufcovado Sugar, of the Growth or Produce of the Britijh Plantations in the IVejfl Indies, or of the Growth or Produce of the Eajl Indies; and that it (hall not be lawful to warehonfe any Sugar, other than fuch Britijh Plantation Sugar, or Eajl India Sugar as aforefaid, under the Provifions of the faid recited Aft; any Thing in the faid recited Aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

44 Ail Penalties under this Aft (hall be payable in Britijh Currency; 4i recoverable under Cudoms and Excife Afts, 14 & 15 Car. 2. r. 8.; 4t 46 G. 3. c. 106, &c. § 27.

XXVIII. 4 And Whereas by an Aft made in the lad Sefiion of

•	Parliament, intituled, An Act for abolijhing Fees received by Officers

•	in the Service of the Cufloms in the feveral Ports of Ireland, and for 4 regulating the Hours of Attendance and the Number of Holidays to be 4 obferved by the faid Officers and certain Officers of Excijey certain

•	Provifions were made for the aboliffiing of Fees received by all

•	Officers of the Cudoms, and for the making Compenfation for the 4 Lofsof fuch Fees; which faid lad recited Aft extends to all Pcrfons,

•	whether appointed by Patent or otherwife afting by themfdves or

•	others in any Office or Employment relating to His Majefty’s Cirf-

•	toms and Port Duties in Ireland; and it is expedient to make further 4 Regulations for carrying the faid lad recited Aft into Execution Be it therefore enafted, That at any Time after the pafling of this Aft it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to refer to the Comirrfli >ners of Inquiry for the Time being (apoioted or to be appointed under an Aft made in the Forty-fourth Year of His prefent Majeftv’s Reign, for appointing Commiffioners to inquire into the Fee3, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments received in feveral Publick Offices in Ireland), the Cafe of any Patentee or other Officer, Clerk,, or other Perfon who fhall have held or (hall hold any Office, whether by Patent or otherwife, any way relating to His Majedy’s Cudoms and Port Duties in Ireland, or who fhall have been or (hall be employed ill the Service of the faid Cudoms at any Port in Ireland, wjio may'have fudained or may fufUin any Lois by the aboliffiing of Fees, under or in coirfequence



Google

A.D.1809.	49°	Geo. III.	C. 116.

of the Provifions of the faid recited Aft made in the laft Seflion of Parliament, and who (hall claim or in the Judgment of the faid Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, or of the Com-miflioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, (hall be entitled to claim or. recover any Compenfation for fuch Lofs under or by virtue of the faid laft recited Aft, and upon fuch Reference it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners of Inquiry for the Time being to proceed, and fucb Commiffioners of Inquiry are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to proceed as foon as may be after fuch Reference, to inquire into and to inveftigate the Amount of Fees received by or on behalf of any fuch Patentee, or other Officer, Clerk, or other Pcrfon, or his Predeceffor, during fuch Period of Time as (hall be deferibed in fuch Reference, and to examine on Oath fuch Patentee, or other Officer, Cierk, or other Perfon, and his or their Deputy or Deputies, if any, and alfo any other Perfon or Perfons whatever refpefting the Amount of fuch Fees, and refpec-ting the Duty required to be performed by fuch Patentee, or other Officer, Clerk, or other Perfon, and refpefting any other Matters Things whatever, which (hall be referred to fuch Commiffioners of Inquiry by fuch Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors relating to or concerning fuch Patentee, or other Officer* Clerk, or other Perfon, and the Office held by h|m, and the Com* penfation which he (hall claim ; and the faid Commiffioners of Inquiry (hall from Time to Time without Delay report to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, the Particulars of fuch Inveiligation, and the Opinion of the faid Coa}ipiffioner8 of Inquiry on every fuch Cafe fo referred to them in refpeft to the Matters and Things referred to be inquired into and inveftigated, together with fuch Obfervations as (hall occur to them the faid CommifiLners with refpeft to the Claim of fuch Patentee, or other Officer, Clerk, or other Perfon, or to the Office held by fuch Patentee, or' other. Officer, Clerk, or other Perfon refpeftively; and it (hall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to make any Order refpefting fuch Patentee, or other Officer, C^rk, or other Perfon, and refpefting the Office or Employment held by him, and the Compenfation to be paid to him, as upon the Report of the faid Commiffioners of Inquiry (hall by fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors be thought requifiteand ntceflary; and it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, to pay or jeaufe. to be paid to every fuch Patentee or other Officer, Cl*rk, or other Perfon, by way of Compenfation for his Lofs of Fees, Per-qdifites, and -Gratuities, under the faid recited Aft of the laft Seflion of Parliament, any fuch Sum of Money, and to any fuch Amount annually, not exceeding the Amount which (hall be reported by the faid Commiffioners for that Purpofe, as the Lord Lieutenant or othejr Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being (hall direft, under his or their Sign Manual, counterfigned by Three or more of the Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer of Ireland; any Thing in the faid laft recited A& or any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwfthftanding; and every fuch annual Payment by way of Compenfation, (hall commence from the I)ay whereon the Perfon for whom the fame (hall be direfte^, Jhali have ceafed to take any Fee, Perquifite,, Gratuity, or Reward;

Gg3	,



454

From Aug.

1809, the Excife Duty on Coffee, the Produce of African Colonies, imported into Great Britain, fhall be only 3d. per lb. ’

C.11&— 118.	4p°	GEO.	m«

and fhall continue during the Continuance of the Patent of any Patentee Officer, and during the Time which any Officer or Perfon not being a Patentee (hall continue to hold the Office or Employ-ment in refpeft of which fuch Payment by way of Compenfation fhall

be direfted as aforefaid.

CAP CXVII.

An Act for lowering the Duty of Excife on Coffee, of the Growth of His Majcfty’a Dominions in Africa.

[19th June 1809.3

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the Duty of Excife by Law impofed on Coffee imported into Great Britain* fo far * as the fame relates to Coffee of the Growth or Produce of Hi*

4 Majtfty's Dominions in Africa; imported direftly from thence into * Great Britain, and to impofe another Duty in lieu thereof;’ Be it therefore enafted by the King’s p»oft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confcnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the ’Authority of the fame. That from and after the Firft Day of Auguft One thoufand eight hundred and nine, the Duty of Excife impofed by any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force immediately before the paffing of this Aft, on Coffee imported into Great Britain, fo far as the fame relates to Coffee of the Growth or Produce of His Majefty V Dominions in Africa, and imported direftly from thence into Grca% Britain, fhall ceafe and determine, and be no longer paid or payable* fave and except in all Cafes relating to the Recovery or paying any Arrears thereof which fhall at any Time remain unpaid; and that^ from and after the faid Firft Day of Augujl, there (nail, in lieu and tnftead of the Duties upon Coffee hereby repealed, be raifed, levied, collefted, and paid unto His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, the following Rate and Duty, that is to fay, For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Coffee of the Growth or Produce of His Majefty’s Dominions in Africa, and which fhall be imported direftly from thence into Great Britain, an Excife Duty of Three-pence.

** Duty fhall be levied as former Duties on Coffee, $cc. and tarried to i?r/7//£ Confolidated Fund. §2,3.

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act for better fecuring the Independence and Purity of Parliament, by preventing the procuring 9^ pbtaining o£ Seats in Parliament by corrupt Praftices.

[19th June 1809.3

4 TTTHEREAS it is expedient to make further Provifion forpre-• VV venting corrupt Praftices in the procuring of Eleftions and • Returns of Members to fit in the Houfe of Commons: And Whereas 4 the giving, or procuring to be given, or promifing to give or to 4 procure to be given any Sum of Money, Gift, or Reward, or any * Office, Place, Employment, or Gratuity, in order to procure 4 the Return of any Member to ferve in Parliament, if not given too? 4 for the Ufe of fome Perfon having a Right or claiming to have a

4 Right



A.D. 1809.

45° GEO* in*

C« i iS»	45^

*	Right to a ft as Returning Officer, or to vote at fuch Ele&ion, is not

*	Bribery within the Meaning of an Aftt paffed in the Second Year

*	of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more ejfeftual 2G. c. 24.

1 preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Eleftion of Members to fervt .

i in Parliament, but fuch Gifts or Promifes are contrary to the ancient 4 Ufage, Right, and Freedom of Ele&ions, and contrary to the 4 Laws and Conftitution of this Realm;* Be it declared and ena&ed by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Coofent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affrmbled, and by the Authority of the fame,

That if any Perfon or Pcrfons (hail, from and after the palling of this	^

Alt, either by himfelf, herielf, or themelves, or by any other Perfon Perfons giving or Perfons for or on his, her, or their Behalf, give or caufe to be or receiving given, direlklv or indiredly, or promife or agree to give any Sum w°iieyt fcc. an of Money, Gift, or Reward, to any Perfon or Pcrfpns, upon any ^yEns*®e^ent’ .Engagement, Contrail, or Agreement, that fuch Perfon or Perfons end^wnto

S> whom, to whofe Ufe, or on whofe Behalf fuch Gift or Promife procure the all be made, (hall, by himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves, or. by any Election or* other Perfon or Perfons whatfoever at his, her, or their Solicitation, Return of a Requeft or Command, procure or endeavour to procure the Return	vjz

of any Perfon to fervt in Parliament for any County, Stewartry, City, on ^

Town, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, every Perfon fo having giving, If not

?riven or promifed to give, if not returned himfelf to Parliament for returned as a , uch County, Stewartry, City, Town, Borough, Cinque Port, or Member, 1000I.; Place, fhall for every fuch Gift or Promife forfeit the Sum of One °“v. e^rty-tboufand Pounds, to be recovered in fuch Manner as i9 herein-after fp provided, with refpelt to the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and every Member, For-fuch Perfon fo returned and fo having given or fo having promifed fehure of his to give, or knowing of and confenting to fuch Gifts 01 Promises, Sea*? <»the upon any fuch Engagement, Contrail, or Agreeement, (hall be and is hereby declared and ena&ed to be difabled and incapacitated to ferve	received,

in that Parliament for fuch County, Stewartry, City, Town, Borough, tlld 50ol, Cinque Port, or Place, and that fuch Perfon (hall be deemed and taken, and is hereby declared and ena&ed to~be deemed and taken to be no Member of Parliament, and enacted to be, to all Intents, Con* ftru&ions, and Purpofes, as if he had never been returned or elected a Member in Parliament; and any Perfon or Perfons who ihill receive or accept of. by himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves, or by any other Perfon or Perfons in trnft for or to the Ufe or on the Behalf of him, her, or them, any fuch Sum of Money, Gift, or Reward, or any fuch Promife upon any fuch Engagement, C >ntrad, or Agreftoent, fhall forfeit to His Majefty the Value and Amount of fuch Sum of Money, Gift, or Reward, over and above the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, which faid Sum of Five hundred Pounds he, (he, or they fhall forfeit to any Perfon who (hall fue for the fame, to be recovered with fuch Colts of Suit by Alt on of Debt, BiD, Plaint, or Informa* tioD, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminfier, if the Offence bl committed in that Parr of the United Kingdom oalkd England and Wales>, and in any of His Majefty’s Courts of. Record at Dublin, if the Offence be committed in Ireland, wherein rcfpeltivcly no Effoign or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance (kail be allowed; and if the Offence be committed in Scotland, then to be recovered with full CofU of Suit by fummary A$ion or Complaint '

Gg +

before



45s

Exception as to legal Expences.

Penalties on Perfons giving or promifing to give, or receiving any Office, Sec. on expra£s * Contra^ to . procure a Seal in Parliament, viz. on the Member returned, Lois of Scat; on Receiver of the Office, Forfeiture, Incapacity, and 5001.; and on Oiver of the Office, 10001,

limitation of Actions.

T?ro Tears.

C. 118.	49« GEO. Ill;	A J).	1809.

before the Court of Stffion, or by Profecution before the Court of Judiciary there.

II.	Provided always, and be it further cna&ed, That nothing in this A& contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any Money paid or agreed to be paid to or by any Perfon, for any legal Expence bondJide incurred at or concerning anv E’tftion.

III.	And be it further enafted,' That if any Perfon or Perfonj (hall, from and after the palling of this A6f, by himfeif, herfelf, or themfelves, or by any other Perfon or Perfons for or on his, her, or " their Behalf, give or procure to he given, or promife to give or procure to be given, any Office, Place, or Employment, to any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, upon any exprefs Contradl or Agreement that fuch Perfon or Perfons. to whom or to whofe Ufe or on whofe Behalf fuch Gift or Promife (hall be made, (hall by himfeif, herfelf, or themfelves, or by any other Perfon or Perfons at his, her, or their Solicitation, Requell, or Command, procure or endeavour to procure the Return of any Peifon to ferve in Parliament for any County, Stewartry, City, Town, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place* fuch Perfon fo returned, and fo having given or procured to be giver, or fo having promifed to give or procure to be given, or knowing of and confenting to fuch Gift or Promife upon any fuch exprefa Contra<51 or Agreement, lhali be and is hereby declared and cna&ed to be difabled and incapacitated to ferve ir. that Parliament for fuch County, Stewartry, .City, Town, Borough, Cirque Port, or Place, and that fuch Perfon (hall be deemed and taken, and is hereby declared and enrdted to be deemed and taken to be no Member of Parliament, and enabled to be to all Intents, Conftruftions, and Pur*

?ofes a§ if he had never been returned or elected a Member in Parliament; and any Perfon who (hall receive or accept cf, by himfeif, herfelf, or themfelves, or by ary other Perfon or Perfons in truft for or to the" Ufe or on the Behalf of fuch Perfons, any fuch Office, Place, or Employment, upon fuch exprefs Contract or Agreement, fhall forfeit fuch Office, Place, or Employment, and be incapacitated for holding the fame, and lhali forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds,» which faid Sum of five hundred Pounds fhall be recovered as is herein before enabled; and any Perfon holding any Office under His Maj. tty, who lhali give fuch Office, Appointment, or Placed upon any fuch exprefs Contr£& or Agreement, that the Perfon to whom or for whofe Ule fuch Office, Appointment, or Place lhali have been given, fhall fo procure or endeavour to procure the Return of an^ Perfon to ferve in Parliament, (hall forfeit the Sum of One thou land Pound?, to be recovered in fuch Manner as is herein-before provided.

IV. And be it further ena&ed, That no Perfon fhall be made liable to any Forfeiture or Penalty by this A& created or impofed, imlefs fome Profecution, Action, or Suit, for the Offence committed, fhall be a&ually and legally commenced againtt fuch Perfon within the Space of Two Years next after fuch Offence againft this A61 fhall be committed, and unlefs fuch Perfon fhall bea6tually and legally arretted, fummoned, or otherwife ferved with any original or other Writ or Procefs within the fame Space of Time, fo as fuch Arrett, Summons, or Service of any original or other Writ or Procefs ►fhall not be prevented by fuch Perfon abfeonding or withdrawing out of S	-	the



A.D. 1809.	490 GEO. III.	C.118—120:	457

the Jurifdiftion of the Court out of which fuch original or other Writ or Procefs (hall have iflued ; and in cafe of any fuch Pro-fecutiou, Suit, or Procefs as aforefaid, the fame (hail be proceeded ia and carried on without any wilful Delay; and that all Statutes of Jeofails and Amendments of the Law whatever (hall and may be con ft rued to extend to ail Proceedings in any fuch Profccution,

Adion, or Suit,

CAP, CXIX.

An Act to give to the Perfons named by His Majefly, purfuaat to an Ad paiTed in the lad Seflion of Parliament, intituled.

An Aft concerning the Adminift ration of JuJlice in Scotland, and concerning Appeals to the Houfe of Lords > further Time for making their Report or Reports.	C19t^1

June I8O9.]

“ Commiffioners appointed under 48 G. 3. r. 151. §22. to inquire into the Forms of Procefs in the Court of Seflion, &c. (hall not be required to report the Whole of their Proceedings before 41 May 12, 1810.—But the Proceeding* on any of the Objeds of ** Inquiry may \>e reported in the mean Time. Report *n the M extracting Pecr^ets ftall be made on or before January 1, 18 jo.

CAP. CXX.

An Act for amending and reducing into One Aft of Par* liament the feveral Laws for railing and training the Militia of Ireland.	[19th	June 1809.]

4 TTTHEREAS it is expedient that the Laws now in force for 4 VV railing and training the Militia of Ireland fhould be repealed,

4 and that new Provitim* fhould be made for the fame;* Be it A<$brelating therefore enacted, by the King's molt Excellent Majefty, by and with to the IrHh the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, arid Militia, viz. Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the Commencement of this Ad, the feveral Ads herein after mentioned (hall be repealed; that is to fay, an Ad made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-third Year of His prefent Majefty's Reign, intituled, An A3 for amending and 33 G. 3.C.22. reducing into One A3 of Parliament the Laws relating to the Militia of Ireland; and alfo an Ad made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-fifth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, to explaiu and 35 G. 3. c. 8. amend the faid recited Ad of the Thirty-third Year aforefaid; and alfo an Ad made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-fixth 36G. 3. c.33. Year of His prefent Majefty's Reign, further to explain and amend the faid recited Ad9 of the Thirty*third and Thirty-fifth Years afqre-faid ; and alfo an Ad made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefty's Reign, intituled, An 37 G. 3. c. 19. A3 to explain and amend tht Laws now in force relating to the Militia of this Kingdom; and alfo an Ad made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-eighth Year of His prefent Majefty's Reign, intituled, 38 G. 3. c. 62. An A3 to further explain and amend the Laws now in force relating to tie Militia of this Kingdom; and alfo an Ad made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His prefent Majefty's Reign, 40G. 3. c. 1. iutituUd, An A3 fof enabling His Majefly to accept the Serif ices of Volunteers

 v^ooQle

a

40	G. -3. c. 92. And aifo

41	G. 3. (U.K.) c. 6.

42	G. 3. C. 109.

Recited A&s repealed, except as to Penalties, Sec. awl except as to Officers, &.c. appointed under farmer A£U.

Number of

Regiments and .Battalions of Militia for each County, &c. in Ireland.

C.120.'	49* GEO. III. A.D.	i8o£*

teers from the Militia Under certain Reflri8ions% and fir amending the Lana relative to the Militia of Ireland, fo far as the laid Aft is in force iirmr * diately before the palling of this Aft; and alfo another Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland in the faid Fortieth Year, for amending the faid firli recited Adi of tbe Thirty-third Year aforefaid; and 3 fo an Aft made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom in the Forty-firft Year of Hisprefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An A3 for increafng the Number of Field Officers of the feveral Regiments of Militia in Ireland; and alfo an Aft made in the Forty-fecond Year of His prefent Majefty’a Reign, intituled, An A3 for authorising and rendering valid the Difcharge of certain Militia Men in Ireland, and for giving Indemnity to the feveral Counties and Places in Ireland, which may incur any Expence in conference of the Difcharge of certain Militia Meny except only fo much of the fa-d lad-mentioned Adi as relates to Militia Men difeharged before the palling of this prefent Adi; and the faid feveral Adis are hereby repealed, except as aforefaid and alfo except fo far as the faid recited Adis or any of them repeal any former Adi or Adis of Parliament, or any Claufe, Matter, or Thing therein ; and alfo fave and except as to any Proceeding for the Punilhment of any Perfon or Perfons for or in refpeft of any Offence or Offences which (hall before the Commencement of this Aft have been committed againft any of the faid Adis ; and fave lb far as may be otherwife provided by this Adi; and alfo fave and except that all and every Commiffions, Deputations, Appointments, and Enrolments of any Officer, Non commiffioned Officer, Drummer, or Private, or of any Governor, Deputy Governor, or inferior Civil Officer, which (hall have been made under the faid Adis or any of them, before the Commencement of this Adi, {hall Hand and remain in full Force and Effect; and all and every Officer, Non-com-miffioned Officer, Drummer, and Private, Governor, Deputy Governor, or other Civil Officer, duly appointed or enrolled under the faid Adis, or any of them, (hall Hand, remain, and continue in the fame Plight, Capacity, and Situation refptdiively, and (hall continue ferving in the faid Militia, in all Refpefts as if this Aft had not paffed; and that all Matters and Things whatfoever which (hall have been done under and by virtue of the faid recited Adis or any of them before the Commencement of this Adi, {hall be of the fame Force, Validity, and Effeft, in all Refpedis, as if this Aft had not paffed ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enafted, That the feveral Regiments or Battalions of Militia in Ireland (hall refpeftively be as follows ; that is to fay, there fhall be for the County of Cork Tw<> Regiments, each of Eight Companies ; for each of the Counties of the Cities of Cork and Dublin, O.te Regiment of Eight Companies; for each of the Counties of Tyrone, Galway, Londonderry, Tipperary, Donegal and Wexford, One Regiment of Ten Companies; tor each of the Count ties of Antrim, Meath, Waterford\ County and County of City ; Kerry > Monaghan, Armagh, King’s County, Limerick, Kilkenny* County and County of City, and Rofcomntoti. One Regiment of Eight Companies ; for the County of Mayo^lwo Battalions, each of Seven Cnnpanie-; for each of the Counties of Clare, Queen’s County, Wicklow, Weflmeath, Leitrim, Cavan9 Sligo, Fermanagh* Dublin, Longford, Kildare, and Carlow, One Battalion of Six Com* pan es; for the County of the City of Limerick, One Battalion of



Google

459

A.D.i8o>	49°	GEO.	III.	Ciw.

Six Companies; for die County of Louth (including the County of the Town of Drogheda) One Regiment of Nine Companies; and for the County of Down Two Battalions of Six Companies,

III.	Provided always, and be it cea&ed, That it (hall and may Lord Ueute-be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Gover- nant and Council nors of Ireland for the Time being, by and with the Advice of His nwyangnwo1 Majefty’s Privy Council in Ireland, from Time to Time, taking into Confideratioo the Number of Men £t and liable to ferve in the faid

Militia in any County or County of a City which by this Adi is required to raife any Regiment or Battalioo confiding of left than Ten Companies, and alfo taking into Confederation the Proportion which fuch Number of Men (hall bear to the Numbers of fuch Men io other Counties or Counties of Cities, to order that any Regiment or Battalion confiding of lefs than Ten Companies, fhall be augmented -by increafiog the Number of Companies therein rcfpe&ively ; fo always that no Battalion confiding of Six Companies, nor any Regiment con* fitting of Eight Companies, (hall be augmented by more than Two Companies; and that no Battalion of Seven Companies, nor any Regiment of Nine Companies, fhall be augmented by more than One Compaoy; and that every fuch Company fo to be added (hall contain and coofid of the fame Number of Officers, Non-commiffioned Officers, Drummers, and Privates refpedtiveiy, as the other Battalion Companies of the fame Regiment or Battalion fhall from Time to Time confid of; and that the Men of fuch Companies fhall be raifed in like Manner as the M^u of the other Companies of fuch Regiment or Battalion.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful Appointment to and for the Lord Lieutenant or€other Chief Governor or Gover- ofCokmeb fiors of Ireland\ from Time to Time, as Occafion fhall require, to hy Lord appoint a Colonel for every fuch Regiment or Battalion of Militia in

freland; Provided always, that no Perfon fhall be Colooel of Two ^ tteS*men * Regiments or Battalions of Militia, or of a Regiment and Battalion: 1)^ gefig-Frovided alfo, that it fhall be lawful for the Colonel of any Regiment nation, &o> or Battalion of the faid Militia, to tender bis Refignation of hia Comroiffion of Colonel of any fuch Regiment or Battalion to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, and it fhall be lawful for fuch Lord Lieu* tenant or other Chief Governor or Governors to accept any fuch Refignation, and alfo to appoint fuch fit and qualified Perfon or Perfons as he or they fhall from Time to Time think proper, to be Colonel or Colonels in the Stead and Place of any Colonel or Colonels fo refigning as afore faid, and in the Scead and Place of any Colonel or Colonels who may happen to die or be removed, as the Cafe may be.

V.	And be it *further ena&ed, That the other Officers of the Other Officers feveral Regiments and Battalions of Militia aforefaid, according to of Regiments the ordinary Eflablifhments hereafter mentioned, fhall be as follows an<i Companies, rcfpc&ively; that is to fay, One Lieutenant Colonel and One

Major to each Regiment or Battalior, and One Captain, Oae Lieutenant, and One Enfign to each Battalion Company: Provided alfo, and it fhall be lawful for every Battalion to have One Company of Grenadiers and Grenadiers or Light Infantry, to which, inftead of One Lieutenant Light Infantry, and One Enfign, Two Lieutenants (hall be appointed; and it (hall be llwful for every Regiment to have One Company of Grenadiers*

7	and



 L^ooQie

'460

Ordinary BftaWifhment of each CcBApADJ*

Staff

Appointments.

Additional Drummers and lifers.

Eftabtifhment of Regiments augmented under

44 G. 3. C. 33.

C. 120*	490	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1809.

and alfo One Company of Light Infantry, to each of which Companies, inftead of One Lieutenant and One Enfign, Two Lieutenants (hall be appointed.

VI.	And be it farther ena.ded, That the ordinary Eftablilhraent of each Company in the faid Militia (hall be Sixty-five Privates, Four Serjeants, Five Corporals, and Two Drummers; and that in each Regiment or Battalion there (hall be Two Staff Serjeants, that is to fay, a Serjeant Major, and a Quarter Matter Serjeant; and alfo a Drum Major, and Two Fifers, over and above the faid Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, and Privates directed for each Company ; and that to each Regiment or Battalion there (hall be One Adjutant, One Paymafter, One Quarter Matter, One Surgeon, and One Affiftant Surgeon ; and to each and every Regiment whole Ettablifhment fhal! be One thoufand Rank and File, or more, there (hall be Two Affittant Surgeons.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe the Colonel of any Regiment or Battalion of the faid Militia (hall be defirous of keeping up a greater Number of Drummers than Two per Compjny, to be employed as Fifers or Muficians for the Ufe of the faid Regiment or Battalion, and (hall be willing to defray the Expence of iuch additional Drummers, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Colonel to retain in fuch Regiment or Battalion any Number of the Drummers who (hall be employed as Fifers or Muficians therein, over and above the Number of Two Drummers per Company eftablifhed by this Ad, and at any Time hereafter to engage any additional Number of Drummers to ad as Fifers or Muficians accordingly; and all fuch Drummers fo retained, or in future engaged to ferve in any fuch Cafes as Fifers or Muficians, (hall be deemed Drummers of Militia to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, and (hall be fuhjcd to the fame Orders, Regulations, Penalties, and Puniflunents, as other Drummers of Militia (hall by Law from Time to Time be fubjed to, and, (hall continue to ferve as Drummers fo long as they (hall receive the fame Pay and Clothing as other Drummers have, or better Pay aud Clothing in lieu thereof, and no longer.

VIII.	* And whereas by an Ad paffed in the Forty-fourth Year

*	of His’Majefty's Reign, intituled. An A8 for empowering HU

*	Majejly to dire8 the Augmentation of His Militia Forces, in Ireland la

*	an Extent therein limited, Power was given to the Lord Lieutenant

*	of Ireland for the Time being, to iffue his Orders to any Colonel of

*	any Regiment or Battalion of the Militia of Ireland, to enrol and 4 receive into the fame fuch Volunteers as (hould offer to ferve therein, 4 provided that the whole Number (hould not exceed One hundred

*	Rank and File per Company, with the ufual Proportion of Commif-4 fioned and Non-commiffioned Officers: And whereas in purfuance of 4 the faid Ad, Orders have been fo iffued for the Augmentation of

*	the following Regiments or Battalions to the full Numbers allowed 4 by the faid Ad ; that is to fay, the Antrim, Armagh, Carhwt 4 Cavan, Cork, South Down, North Down, Dublin County, Dublin 4 City, Galway, Kerry, Kilkenny, King’s County, Leitrim, Limerick 4 County, Limerick City, Londonderry, Louth, Mayo North, Maya 4 South, Meath, Monaghan, Queen's County, Ro/common, Sligo, Tip-4 terary, Tyrone, Wejlmeath, Wexford, and Wickloiu, which Argumentation, by the Terms of the faid Ad, was to continue only

4 during





Google

AJ5. 1809.	49* GEO. HE	C.	120.	4$$

4 during the prefent War:* Be it therefore ena&ed, That during the Continuance of the prefent War, the Etoblifhment of the faid Regiments (hall be Five Serjeants and One hundred Rank and File, including Five Corporals per Company; and that the Number of Officers (hall, during fuch Augmentation and ho longer, be as follow?, that is to fay ; Two Lieutenant-Colonels,' and Two Majors to each Regiment, and One Lieutenant Colonel and Two Majors to each Battalion fo augmented; and to every Company fo augmented, whether in a Regiment or Battalion, One Captain, Two Lieutenants, and One Enfign; and every Grenadier and Light Infantry Company, confiding of the like Number of One hundred Men each,.

(hall have One Captain and Three Lieutenants.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful Lord Lieutenant to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors may augment of Ireland for the Time being, to iffue bis Orders in like Manner Regiments not for a fimiiar Augmentation of any of the other Regiments or Bat-

taiion8 of the Militia of Ircland% which have not been fo augmented, 44 g. a!c. aa* and that from thenceforth during the prefent War the Edabliffiment of fuch Regiment or Battalion (hall be fuch Number of Men per Company, not exceeding One Hundred Rank and File, as (hall be fpc-cified in the Warrant dirc&ing fuch Augmentation, with the Proportion of Commiffioned and Non-commiffioned Officers aforefaid; and all the Claufes, Matters and Things in the faid recited A& of the Forty-fourth Year of H;s prefent Majefty contained relative to fuch Augmentation, and to the advjncing and railing the Sums nectffary for effe&ing the fame, (hall dand and remain in full Force and EfFe& ; any Thing hcrein-before contained to the contrary in any wife notwithdanding.	,

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for every Colonels (hall

Colonel of the faid M’litia, when appointed, from Time to Time to appoint Officers, appoint the Number aforefaid refpe&ively of Lieutenant-Colonels,	to	die

Majors, Adjutants, Paymafters, Surgeons, Quarter Maders and

Amdant Surgeons, and all other Officers for his Regiment or Bat- ^nant within*

talion, qualified as herein-after directed; and every Colonel fo ap- FourtceaDays,

pointing any fuch Officer (hall certify to the Lord Lieutenant or

other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being,

the Names and Ranks of all fuch Officers fo appointed ; and in cafe

the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland

for the Time being, (hall, within Fourteen Days after fuch Certificate

ihall have been laid before him or them, fignify his or their Dif-

approbation of any of the Perfons fo appointed, it fhall not be lawful

for the (aid Colonels or any of them, to grant a Commiffion to any

Perfon fo difapproved, but Commiffions (hall be granted to all fuch

Perfons fo appointed, who Ihall not be fo difapproved as aforefaid;

and all Officers of the faid Militia (hall rank with the Officers of His

Majefty*s Forces as youngeft of their Rank.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That no Commiffion of any Officer officer,* Com

in the Militia (hall be vacated by reafon of the Revocation, Expiration, in^^s Refignation, or other Difcontinuance of the Commiffion . of the continue though fuperior Officer by whom he was appointed.	Colonel*,

XH. And bg it further ena&ed. That the Commanding Officer revoked, &c. for the Time being of each Regiment or Battalion of the Militia Military Officer* in Ireland, (hall have the chief Command of fuch Regiment or fhffi have chief

Battalion, C~dof

 LjOOQle

462

Governors, Sic.

Bis Majefty nay fignify His Pleasure to the Colonel !br difplacing Officers.

lit the Abfence of Colonel, his Powers (hall veil In the next in Command.

Qualification of

Officers;

Colonel.

Lieut. CoJ.

Major.

tkpuin.

C. i2o.	49°	CEO.	lit.	A .D. 1809.

Battalion, notwithftanding any Order, Direftfon, Matter, or Thing contained in any Commiffion or Appointment of a Governor or Go* vernors of any County in Ireland.

XIII- And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, from Time to Time as he or they (haft think fit to fignify his or their Pleafure to the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of ahy fuch Regiment or Battalion of Militia, to difplace all or any Officers or Officer of Militia ferving wider him in Inch Regiment or Battalion ; and upon fuch Signification of his or their Pleafure, the fame (hall be difplaced accordingly ; and that it fhall and may be lawful for the Colonel of any fuch Regiment or Battalion to accept the Refignation of any Officer of his Regiment or Battalion, and under all Cafes of Vacancy by Refignation, JDeatb, Removal, or other wife, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch Colonel to appoint fuch other fit and qualified Perfons as he (hall think proper to fill up fuch Vacancy, in like Manner and under like Re* ft rift ion s as he is by this Aft empowered originally to appoint any Officer or Officers.	'

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That when any Colonel of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia (hall be abfent from the United Kingdom, all Powers which (hall from Time to Time be given by Law to fuch Colonel, whether in filling Vacancies in fuch Regiment or Battalion, or in any other Way whatfoever, (hall be vefted in and lawfully may be exercifed by the next Officer in Command in fuch Regiment or Battalion who (hall be redding within the United Kingdom, until fuch Colonel (hall be returned to the United Kingdom, and fhall have notified his Arrival to the Officer entitled to exercife the faid Powers during his Abfence; and all Aft*, Matters, and Things done by fuch Officer next in Command as aforefaid, in exer-cifing the Powers legally vefted in Colonels, (hall be good and valid in the Law equally as if they had been done by the Colonel himfelf.

XV.	And be it enafted, That every Perfon to be appointed a Colonel of the faid Militia, (hall be feifed of a Real or Freehold Eftate of the Yearly Value of Two Thoufand Pounds, or (hall be Heir Apparent of fome Perfon who (hall be feifed of a like Eftate as aforefaid, of the Yearly Value of Three Thoufand Pounds; and every Perfon to be appointed a Lieutenant Colonel, (hall be feifed of a Real or Freehold Eftate, or fhall be poffeffed of a Term of Years whereof Fourteen Years fhall be uuexpircd, of the Yearly Value of One thoufand Two hundred Pounds, or fhall be Heir Apparent of fome Perfon who fhall in like Manner be feifed or poffifTed of a like Eftate as aforefaid, of the Yearly Value of One thoufand eight hundred Pounds ; and every Perfon to be appointed a Major, fhall in like Manner be feifed or poflefled of a like Eftate as aforefaid of the Yearly Value of Three hundred Pounds, or fhall be Heir Apparent of fome Perfon who fhall in like Manner be feifed or poflefled of a like Eftate as aforefaid, of the Yearly Value of Six hundred Pounds; and every Perfon to be appointed a Captain, fhall in like Manner be feifed or poflcflVd of a like Eftate as aforefaid, of the Yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds, or fhall be Heir Apparent of fome Perfon who fhall in like Manner be feifed or poiTcffed of a like Eftate as aforefaid, of the Yearly Value of Four hundred Pounds, or fhall be a younger Son of fome Perfon who fhall' in like Marihcf bfe‘ feifed oV

pofEffed,



49* GEO. Ill

Ci20^	4$J

pofleffied, or who . fhall have been at th* Time of his Death in like Manner feifed or poflefled of a like Eftate as aforefaid, of the Yearly*

Value of Four hundred Pounds; and every Perfon to be appointed a Lieutenant, (hall in like Manner be feifed or poflefled of a hke Eftate lieutani*. as aforefaid, of the Yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or (hall be pof-fcfltd of a Perform! Eftate alone, to the Amount of Five hundred Pounds, or (hall be Son of fome Perfon who (hall be, or who (hall have been at the Time of his or her Death, in like Manner feifed or poflefled of a like Eftate as aforefaid, of the Yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or who (hall be, or who (hall have been at the Time of hit or her Death, poffcffed of a Perfonal Eftate alone, to the Amount of One thoufand Pounds 5 and that every Perfon who (ball be appointed an Enfign, (hall in like Manner be feifed or poflefled of Ea%IU a like Eftate as aforefaid, of the Yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, or (hall be poflefled of a Perfonal Eftate, or feifed or pofTefled of a Real or Freehold Eftate and Perfonal Eftate together, to the Amount of Two hundred and fifty Pounds, or (hall be Son of fome Perfon who (hall be, or who (hali have been at his or her Death, in like Manner feifed or poflefied of a like Eftate as aforefaid, of the Yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or who (hall be, or who at the Time of his or her Death was poflefied of a Perfonal Eftate alone, to the Amount of Three hundred Pounds, fave and except in the Cafes hercin-after CoUmeT* particularly mentioned: Provided always, that One Moiety at the Lleutenant-leaft of the Qualifi:ation of the Colonel and Lieutenant-Gdonei, (hall Colonel's be fituated within the County to the Militia of which he (hall be ap- Qualification pointed Colonel or Lieutenant-Colonel.	iu thc Couat3r-

XVI.	And be it ena&ed, That every Colonel or Commanding Qualification Officer of the Militia of the faid Cities of Dublin, Cork, and Lime- of Officers in rick refpe&ively, (hall be feifed or poflcffcd, either in Law or Equity, Dublin, (Jo* for his own Ufe and Benefit, in Pofleflion of a Real or Freehold Eftate, Q^!ueri^t or of a Term of Years whereof Fourteen Years (hall he unexoired, of Colonel, the Yearly Value of Oae thoufand Pounds, or (hall he poflefled of a Perfonal Eftate alone, or feifed or poflefied of Real and Perfonal Eftate together of the Value of Ten thoufand Pounds; and every Lieutenant-Colonel of the Militia of the faid Cities (hall in like Lieut. Col. Manner be feifed or poflefled of a like Eftate of the Yearly Value of Six hundred Pounds, or (hall be poftdf d of a Perfonal Eftate alone, or feifed and pofl fled of a Real or Freehold and Perfonal Eftate together, of the Value of Five thoufand Pounds; and every Major thereof (hall in like Manner be feifed or poflefied of a like Eftate of the Yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, or (hall be pof-fefled of a Perfonal Eftate, or feifed and poflefied of a Real or Freehold and Perfonal Eftate together, of the Value of Three Tnoufand Pounds; and every Captain thereof (hall in Ike Manner Captain, be feifed or poflefied of a like Eftate of the Yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or (hall be poflefled of a Real or Freehold and Perfonal Eftate together, of the Value of One thoufand five hundred Pounds; apd every Lieutenant thereof (hall in like Manner be feifed Lieutenant, or poflefied of the like Eftate of the Yearly Value of Twenty-five Pounds, lor (hall be poflefied of a Perfonal Eftate, or feifed or pof-fefled of a Real or Freehold and Perfonal Eftate together, of the Value of Seven hundred and fifty Pounds; and every Enfign thereof Enfign.

(hall in like Manner be feifed or poflefied of a like Eftate of the Yearly Value of Ten pounds, or (ball be poflefled of a Perfonal JvUte,

or



Officers (hall deliver their Qualifications to Clerk of the Peace*

Clerk of the Peace fliall regifter Qualifications, infert Commilfiona in the

Gazette, &c.

Officers fhall take the Oaths.

Penalty on unqualified Perfons, Colonels, See.

Captains, See.

C.I20.	490 GEO. III.	A.D. 1809.

or feifed and poflefled of a Real op Freehold and Perfonal Eftate together, of the Value of Four hundred Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enafted, That no Perfon (hall here* after be appointed to any Commifiion in the Militia, who (hall require a Qualification in refpeft of Property by virtue of this Aft, until he fhall have delivered into the Clerk of the Peace of the County or City for which he fhall be appointed, or in the Abfence of the Clerk of the Peace to his Deputy, a fpecific Defcription in Writing, figned by himfelf, of hi* Qualification, ftating the County or Coun* ties, Barony or Baronies, Parifh or Parifhes in which the Eftate or Eftates which form his Qualification is or are fituate, with the Denominations of the Lancfc; and the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy fhall tranfmit to the CuAos Rotulorum, or Senior Governor of the County, or Chief Magiltrate of the City, a Copy of fuch Defcription; and no Commifiion to be granted by virtue of this Aft fhall be valid, unlefs it be declared in the Commifiion that the Officer to whom the Commifiion is given hath delivered in his Qualification as direfted.

•	XVIII. And be it further enafted, That the Clerk of the Peace of every County or City fhall and he is hereby required from Time to Time, to enter the Qualifications tranfmitted to him according to the Direftions of this Aft, upon a Roll to be provided and kept for that Purpofe, and to caufe to be inferted in the Dublin Gavotte the Dates of the Cotnmiffions, and the Names and Rank of the Officers hereafter to be appointed, in like Manner as Commiffions in the Army are publifhed in the War Office; and he is hereby authorized to charge the Expence of receiving and recording fuch Certificates refpeftively, and of fuch Infertion in the Gazette, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Shillings for each Commifiion, to the Coileftor of His Ma-jefty’s Revenue of the County or Diftrift, who is hereby direfted to pay the lame ; and the laid Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy fhall, in the Month of January in every Year, tranfmit to the Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, a complete Account of the Qualifications fo left with him ; and fuch Secretary receiving fuch Account?, fhall caufe Copies thereof to be annually laid before both Houfes of Parliament ; and every Comm'.fiioned Officer fhall, at fome General Quarter Sefiions of the Peace, or in One of His Majefty’s Courrs of Record at Dublin, within Three Months from and after the Date of their Commifiiens refpeftively, take fuch Oath or Oaths, and make and fign fuch Declaration or Declarations, as is, are, or fhall be required to be taken, made, and figned by the Officers of His Majt fly’s other Forces.

*	XIX. And be it further enafted. That if any Perfon fhall execute any of the Powers hereby direfted to be executed by Colonels, Lieutenant-Colonels, or Majors, not being qualified as aforefaid, or without having delivered in fuch fpecific Defcription of his Qualifications as is herein-before required, fave in the Cafes herein-after particularly mentioned, or fhall omit to take the faid Oaths and make the faid Declaration within the Time hereby direfted for thofe Purpofes, every fuch Perfon (ball forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds $ and if any Perfon fhall execute any of the Powers hereby direfted to be executed by Captains, Lieutenants, or Enfigns, not being qualified as aforefaid, or without having delivered in fuch

fpecific

 L,ooQle

465

A.D. 1809.	490	GEO. III.	C.120.

fpecific Defcription of his Qualification as is herein-before required, or (bail omit to take the faid Oaths, and declare as before direded, every fuch Perfon (hall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, One Moiety of which Penalties (hall go to the Ufe of the Perfon who (hall (tie for the fame; and in every Adion, Suit, or Information brought again (I any Perfon for ading as Colonel, Lieutenant-Colonel, Major, Captain, Lieutenant, or Enfign, not being qualified as herein-before directed, the Proof of his Qualification ffiall be upon the Perfon againft whom the fame (hall be brought.

XX.	Provided always. That nothing in this Ad contained, (hall reftrain or prevent any Peer of this Realm, or Heir Apparent of any fuch Peer, from being appointed or ading as a Commiffioned Officer in the Militia, within any County or City wherein fuch Peer, or Heir Apparent of fuch Peer, (hall have lomc Place of Refidcnce, although he may not have the Qualification herein-before required, nor to oblige any Peer of this Realm, or Heir Apparent of fuch Peer, who (hall be appointed a Commiffioned Officer as aforefaid, to leave with the Clerk of the Peace for the County or City for which he (hall be appointed any Qualification in Writing as aforefaid.

XXI.	And be it further enacted. That every Adjutant to be, appointed as aforefaid, (hall be a Perfon who (hall have adually ferved in fome of His Majefty,a Regular Forces for the Space of Three Years, or in the embodied Militia, for Five Years, or for fuch Time in the embodied Militia, as together with his Service in the Regular Forces (hall in the whole make Five Years; and if fuch Adjutant (hail be appointed out of His Majefty's other Forces, he (hall during his Service in the Militia preferve his Rank in the Army in the fame Manner as if he had continued in that Service; and it (hall be lawful for the Colonel of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia to appoint the Adjutant of fuch Regiment or Battalion to the Rank of Captain by Brevet, provided fuch Adjutant has ferved Five Yeats as Adjutant in the Militia, or in His Majefty’s other Forces, although fuch Adjutant may rot have the Qualifications required by Law for the Captains j Provided always, that no fuch Appointment to the Rank of Captain (hall be valid, unlefs in the Iniirumcnt granting the fame it be fpecified in what Regiment or Battalion, and whether of the Militia or of His Majefty’s other Forces, fuch Adjutant hath ferved, and what wa3 or were the Date or Dates of his Commiffion or Commiffions : Provided alfo, that no Adjutants fo appointed to the Rank of Captain (hall, by the Date of fuch Appointment as aforefaid or otherwife, be entitled to rank above or to command any Captain of a Company in the Militia.

XXII.	And be it further enaded, That no Surgeon, or Ailittant Surgeon, (hall be capable of ferviug in the Militia, untfcfs he (hall have been certified by the Royal College of Surgeons in Dublin, London, or Edinburgh, after due Examination, to be properly qualified in like Manner as Surgeons in the Army are required to be certified ; and that no Perfon who is or (hall be Surgeon of a County Hofpital or Infirmary eftablifhed by Ad of Parliament, (hall be capable of ferving in the Militia, while he continues Surgeon of fuch Hofpital or Infirmary.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded, That no Perfon who at any Time after the Commencement of thi6 Ad (hall be appointed Adjutant, Pay matter. Surgeon, Quarter Matter, or Affiitant Surgeon

49 Geo. Ill*	H	h	in

Exceptions as to Peers and their Sons.

Appointment <4 Adjutant*.

Surgeons (hall be qualified as Army Surgeons.

Adjutant,

Pay Mailer, &c (ball not hold

any oth'.r Comuiiifion.

 v^ooQle

466	C. 120.	49° GEO. III.	AJXlSop.

in the faid Militia, (hall be capable of holding any Commiffion in the laid Militia, favc and except the Commiffion of Adjutant, Paymaftcr, Surgeon. Quarter Mailer, or Affiftant Surgeon refpe&ively; and that no Officer holding any Commiffinn in the faid Militia (hall be capable of being appointed Adjutant, Paymaftcr, Surgeon, Quarter-Mailer, or Aflillant Su-geon.

-Appointment of XXIV. Aud be it further enafted. That all Staff Serjeants, Serjeants,	Serjeants,	Corporals, Drummers ai d Fifers, (hall and may, from

Time to Time, be appointed by the Colonel of the Regiment or Battalion; and that ail Staff Serjeants, Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers and Fifers, mav be difcharged by fuch Colonel from Time to Time; and that all Staff Serjeants, Serjeants, Corporals, Drummer* and Fif<r9, who (hall at any Time have received any Pay as fuch from any Regiment or Battalion, (hall be deemed to be engaged, and be compellable to ferve in fuch Regiment or Battalion, until they fliall be difebarged by the Colonel of the Regiment or Battalion to which they (halt refpe6lively belong.

Oath of	XXV.	And	be	it	further ena£ted, That every Ptrfon who at any

Serjeants, &c. Time after the Commencement of this A61, fliall be appointed to be.

a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer of the faid Militia, (hall take the following Oath, that is to fay,

* J A. B. do foiemnly promife and fwear. That I will be faithful and 4 b^r true Allegiance to His Majefty King George, and that I will 4 faithfully ferve in the Militia of Ireland, until I (hall be legally 4 difcharged.*

Serjeants Major XXVI. And be it further ena&rd, That the Colonel of any Re-and Drum	giment or Battalion of the faid Militia, may appoint the Serjeant-

Major.	Major and the Quartermafter Serjeant out of the Serjeants, and the

Drum Major out of the Drummers.

Adjutants, &c. XXVII. And.be it further enacted. That every Adjutant, Fay-fhall he always Mailer, Surgeon, Serj-ant Major, Quarter mailer Serjeant, Serj-anf, iahje# to the Corporal, Drum Major, and Drummer of the faid Militia, (hall be Mutiny A<ft. at all Times iubje& to any A61 which (hall be in force for puniftiing', Mutiny and Defertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the Article8 of War, under the Command of , the Colonel of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs.

Bates of Pay to XXVIII. Aud be it further enacled, That during any fuch Time Adjutants, &o. as tke Militia fhail not be embodied and drawn out into adual Ser-w mu; luitu is	daily	Pay	of	every fuch Adjutant, Pay Mailtr, and Sur-

iRjt on	geoti refpettively, (hall be Six Shillings each ; and the daily Pay

of every Serjeant M«jor, Quartermafter Serjtant, Seijeant, Corporal* aud Drummer refptft'vely, when not in a6fual Service, but refi<jent at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corpp, fliall be follows.; that is to lav. One Shilling and Sixpence per Day for each Seijeant, with the Addition of Two Shilling* and Sixpence per Week fof each Serjeant Major and Quartermafter Serjeant ; One Shilling and Two-peRce per Day for.each Corporal? and One SbiUing/ir Day for each Drummer, with the Addition of Sixpence per Day for each Drum Major; provided alway s, that where any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, (hall be abftnt bn Furlough pr Licence* fuch Serjeant* Corporal, or Drummer, {hall during fuch Ahfeuce, receive the Rates of P*y following y that js to fay, every Serjeant the Sup* of One Shilling, every Corporal the Sum ©( Eight*

 v^,ooQle

4$7

490 GEO. III.

C.120.

pence, and every Drummer the Sum of Sixpence Day, and no

more.

XXIX.	Provided a!way8, and be it ena&.*d, That no Perfon who Seijeants, &c. fhail keep any Houfe of publick Entertainment, or who (hall fell any ftiall not keep Ale, or Wine, or Spirituous Liquors by Retail, (hall be capable

of being appointed or ferving as a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer	be	Peace

in the Militia, nor (hall any Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, or Pri- Officers, &c.

?ate of the Militia, while he (hall continue fnch, be compelled to ferve as a Peace Officer, or a Pariffi Officer, or to ferve in any of Hia Majefty's Sea Forces.

XXX.	And be it further er?6hd, That it (hall be lawful for the Courts Martial Conlonel of any Regiment or Battalion of the faid Mifiti?> or in his on Seijcants,&c. Abfeoce the Officer lady in command of fuch Regiment or Bat- while Militia is talion, to diredl the holding of Courts Martial as hereir.-after dire&ed, not embodied, for the Trial of any Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum

Major, or Drummer of fuch Regiment or Battalion, by a Regimental Court Martial, for any Offence agaioff this A&. or againft the Articles of War, committed during the Time fuch Regiment or Battalion,

(hall not be embodied, but fo that no Punifhmcnt thereon (hall extend to the Lofs of Life or Limb ; and it (hall be lawful for the Colonel of the Regiment or Battalion to which the Perfon on whom fuch Court Martial is to be held (hall belong, to order any Officers of the Militia of the County, County of a City, or Town, or P-ace to which fuch Regiment or Battalion (hail belong, a&ually refident within the Town where fuch Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, or Drummer is to be tried, or within Fifteen Miles thereof, to attend and affilt as Members of fuch Court Martial, who (hall thereupon attend at the Time required, and sfliil accordingly ; but no Officer (hall be entitled to receive Pay for any fuch Attendance :

Provided always, that no Sentence of any Court Martial held as aforefaid on any Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, and Drummer, (hall be put in Execution until it (hall have been confirmed by fuch Colonel or Commanding Officer.

XXXI.	And be it further ena&ed, That any Serjeant, Cor- Serjeants, &e. poral, or Drummer of the Militia, may, by Sentence of a Court may he reduced Martial, or by Order of the Colonel of the Regiment, be reduced to the Ranks, to the Condition of a Private Militia Man, and fuch Perfon fo reduced

(hall be bound to ferve as fuch Private Miiitia Man, for any Time not exceeding Fifteen Months, in cafe the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs (hall not be then embodied or called out in a&ual Service 5 and in cafe the'Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs (hall be then embodied or called out into a&usl Service, fuch Perfon fo ordered (hall be bound to ferve as aforefaid until the difemhodying of the faid Regiment or Battalion; and that after the Expiration of the Time during which fuch Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer fhail be fo bound to ferve as a Private Man, fuch Seijeant, Corporal, or Drummer, if not regularly re-appointed to the Rank of a Non-coin-miffioned Officer or Drummer, (hall be difeharged from the Service.

XXXII.	And be it further ena&ed. That no Officer ftrvirg in

the Militia of Ireland (hall fit in any Court Martial upon the Trial {halt not fit on of any Officer, Non-commiffioned Officer or Soldier ftrving in any Court Martial of His Majefty's other Forces, nor (hall any Officer ferving in His of Regulars, &c. Majefty’s other Forces fit in any Court Martial upon the Trial of any Officer, Non-commiffioned Officer, or Private h^an fqrving in the

H h 2

faid



Google

4^8	C.	iao.	49°	GEO.	1H.	A.D.	1809-

Militia Commif-lion vacated by accepting one in the Regulars.

Militia Coramif-fion ihall not vacate Seat in Parliament.

Officers ferving in Militia (hall not forfeit Half-pay.

faid Militia : Provided always, that any Colonel or Officer ferving in the faid Militia, and at the fame Time holding a Commiffion in any other of His M^jefty’a Forces, on the Half-pay thereof, may lit upon any Court Martial upon the Trial of any Officer, Non-commiflioned Officer, or Private, in Hts Majefty’s other Forces; any Th ng berein-before contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

XXXIII.	And be it further tnafted, Tnat the Acceptance by any Officer of the faid Militia, except the Colonel, of any Commii-fion in any of his Mrtjdly’s Regular Forces, fhall, from the Date of fuch Commiffioo fo accepttd, abiolutely vacate any Commiffion fuch Officer may hold in the Militia of Ireland.

XXXIV.	An(l he it further enafted, That the Acceptance of any Commiffion in any Regiment or Battalion of the faid Militia, fhall not nor (hall he contlrued to vacate the Seat of any Member returned to ferve in Parliament.

XXXV.	And be it further enabled. That no Officer who is or (hall be entitled to Half-pay, (hall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit fuch Half pay, during the Time he (hall ferve in any Regiment or Battalion of Militia,, but that the fame (hail neverthclefs continue ; and inftead of the Oath directed by any Aft for punifhing Mutiny and Defertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, to be taken by fuch Officer, he fhall take the following Oath ;

Half-pay	*	J	A B. do fwcar, Tnat I had not between the

Officer’s Oath. 4	any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military,	under

* His Majdty, befide* my Allowance of Half-Pay, as reduced

*	late Regiment of	fov,:	and except my Pay for ferving

4 in a Regiment of Militia.’

And the taking of the faid Oath dial), without taking any other Oath, be fufficicnt to entitle fuch Perfon to receive his Half-pay.

Penfioners ferving in Militia ihall receive the Allowance.

Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers Twenty Years in the Militia, and difeharged for Age or Infirmity, on beiug recommended as herein may be placed on Kilmainham Penfun.

Peufion paid under 85 G. 3. c. 8. declared Valid.

Chelfea Pen-fioner entering into Militia fhall be entitled to Kilmainham Pcufum.

XXXVI.	And be it further enafted, That any Perfon being a Serjeant, Ltttermau or other Penfioner, on the Eftablifhment of Kilmainham or Chelfea Hofpitais, at the Allowance of fuch Hofpital* or either of them, and bein? appointed to ferve in the Militia, (hail and may rective the faid Hofpiral Allowance, together with his Pay from the faid Miiitia ; and any Perfon who fhall have faithfully ferved as a Serjeant, or as a Corporal or Drummer in the faid Militia for Twenty Years and who fhall be difehargt-d on account of Age or Infirmity, fhall on the Recommendation of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Bittalion to which he belongs, be entitled to Examination at the Kilmainham Board, and be capable to be placed on the Penfion of fuch Hofpital, if the faid Board fhould judge him deferving thereof: Provided always, that all Payments of any Penfion which at any Time after the pafiing of an Aft of the Thirty-fifth Year of His prefetit Majelly’s Reign, herein-before recited and repealed, and before the puffing of this Aft, fhall have been made to any Serjeants, Lettcrmen or other Peciioners, fhall be and the fame are hereby declared to be good and valid to all Intents and Pur-poi'es whatfoever ; and that Ml fuch Serjeants, Lettermen and other Penlioners, as at the Time of the pafiing of this Aft are in the Receipt of any fuch Penfions fhall continue in the Receipt of the feme as heretofore; and that any Serjeant, Letterman or other Pen-: fioner o,n the Eftablifhment of Chelfea Hofpital, who at any Time after the pafiing of thia Aft fhall voluntarily enter into the Militia of

Ireland.,

 CjOOQle

49# geo. m.

Ct 120#	469

Ireland, (hall be placed on the Eftablifhment of the Royal Hofpital of Kilmainham from the Day of his having entered into fuch Militia, and (hall from fuch Day and during his Continuance in ^he faid Militia, receive fuch Penfion, and no more, as a Penfioner of the like Ciafs on the Eftablifhment of Kilwatnham Hofp;tal (hall be entitled to receive, as if he had been originally on that Eftablifhment, and not on the Eftablifhmer t of Chelfea.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted. That all Mufkets, Bayonets, Arms (hall be Swords, Stores, and Accoutrements, delivered for the Service of the marked, faid Militia, fhall be marked in fome diftinft Place urith the Letter

(M) and the Name of the County to which they belong.

XXXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Arms, Accou- Adjutant and trements, Clothing, and other Store®, belonging to every Regiment One-third of or Battalion of the faid Militia, when not embodied, fhall be kept in

fuch convenient P»ace within the County, County of a City, or refide Town, to which fuch Regiment or Bntalion fhall belong, as the where the Arms Colonel or other Commandant of fuch Regiment or Battalion (hall are kept, and direft, with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief take Care Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being ; and that the tlie[co^Tand.. Adjutant, and One Tniri at leaft in Number of the Serjeants, jfotu^ns-°n * Corporals, and Drummers, in every Regiment or Battalion of the faid Militia, (hall be conitantly rtfident within the City, Town, or Place, where the Arms belonging to fuch Regiment or Battalion are fo kept, and fuch Scrj^ant3, Corporals, and Drummers, fhall be under the Command of the Adjutant, who fhall aft in fuch Command under the Orders of the Colonrl or other Commanding Offi:er of fuch Regiment or Battalion; and that the Adjutant, and in the Abfence of the Adjutant, the Serjeant-Mojor, fhall have free Accefs to the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, and other Siore3 as aforefaid, and (hill caufe the fame to be examined, cleaned and preferved by the faid Seijeants, Corporate, and Drummers from Time to Time, as the fame fhall be neceffary, and fhall make a Monthly Return of the true State of the Serjeants, Corporate, and Drummers, and of the faid Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, and other Stores, of the Regiment or Battalion refpe&ivtly, to the Governor or Governors o! the County, and to the Commanding Officer of the faid Regiment or Battalion; and in cafe of any Default and Negleft therein, fuch Adjutant or S;rjeant-Major fhdl for every fuch Offence,

Neglect, or Default, be iubjeft to fuch Punifhment as a Court Martial fhall adjudge; and no fuch Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer,

(hall be abfent from fuch City, Town, or Place, without a regular	:

Furlough from the Adjutant, or in his Abfence from the Serjeant-Major; and every fuch Serjeant, Corporal, and Drummer, who fhall abfent himfelf without fuch Furlough, (hall be liable to be apprehended as a D:ftrter ; and fuch Adjutant fhall never abfent himfelf from fuch City, Town, or Place, without Leave of the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of fuch Regiment or battalion: Pro-f vided nevertheiefs, that whenever fuch Adjutant fhall be abfent with fuch Leave as aforefaid, then fuch Serjeants, Corporate, and Drummers, fhall be under the Command of the Serjeant-Major, or of fome Serjeant who (hall be appointed by the faid Adjutant, with the Approbation of the faid Colonel or other Commanding Officer, to aft at Serjeant-Major during the Abfence of fuch Adjutant.



XXXIX.



Google

47®

Militia {ball be called out in their Counties, 28 Days for annual Exercife when not embodied.

C. 120.

49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

Motice of Time and Place of Exercifing fh&U be fent by Clerk of General Meeting to Chief Conftable of Barony, and by him to Cou-ftables of Pariflies.

Subdivifion Clerks fhall fend Lifts of Perfons enrolled to Colonels, &c.

Penalty on’* Militia Men not appearing, or defertiog,

, fcc. 10U

XXXIX. And be it farther enaded, That when the faid Militia fhall not be drawn out into adual Service, the feveral Regiments and Battalions thereof fhall, unit fa the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Time being, (hall order the contrary, be refpedtveiy trained and exercifed in their re-fpedivc Counties Once in every Year, for Twenty-eight Days together, in the Manner herein-after d'reded, at fuch Time and Place as fhall be the lead inconvenient to the Publiek ; fuch Time and Place to be appointed by the Governor, or where there are more Governors than One of any County, then by the Governors of each County refpe&ively, at a General Meeting to be holden at their ufual Place of Meeting refpedively within fuch County, upon the Tuefday that fhall happen next btfore the Twenty-fourth Day of Odober in every Year, or at fuch other Place therein, and at fuch Time as fhall be appointed by fuch Governor or Governors, or in Default of any fwch Meeting or Appointment, then at fuch Time and Place as (hall be appointed by Three or more Deputy Governors of fuch County; and during fuch Time as the feveral Regiments or Battalions of the faid Militia (hail he aftembled refpedively for the Purpofe of being trained and exercifed, all the Ciaufes, Provifious, Matters, and Things, contained in any Ad of Parliament which fhall be then in force for the puniffiing Mutiny and Defertion, fhall be in force with refped to the faid Militia, and all the Officers and private Men of the fame, in all Cafes whatfoever, but fo that no Punifhment fhall extend to Lofs of Life or Limb.

XL. And be it further enaded, That Notice of the Time and Place of the Exercife of the Militia Men of each Parifh fhall be fenc by the Clerk of the General Meetings to the Chief or High Con-ftablc or other Officers of the feveral Baronies or other Diviiions, with Diredions to forward the fame to the Conftables or other Officers within their refpedive Baronies or other Diviiions ; which Conftables or other Officers fhall caufe fuch Notice as aforefaid to be affixed on the Outfide of the Doors of the Church belonging to their refpedive Parifhcs or Places ; or if any Place has no Church belonging thereto, on the Outfide of the Doors of the Church of fome adjoining Parifh or Place; and all fuch Militia Men fhall duly attend at the Time and Place of Exercife according to fuch Notice.

XLI. And be it further enaded. That the Clerks of the feveral Subdivifion Meetings in every County, fhall, Ten Days at leaft before the Time fo appointed for the annual Exercife, caufe a full and true Lift, fbecifying the Names and Dates of the Enrolment of all the Perfons enrolled within each Subdivifion refptdively, to ferve in ftich Regiment or Battaliort, to be tranfmrtted to the Commanding Officer of fuch Regiment or Battalion, or to fuch Pcrfon as fhall be appointed by fuch Commanding Officer to receive the fame, and fhall id like Manner caufe a Duplicate of fuch Lift to be tranf* mitted to the Adjutant of fuch Regiment or Battalion.

XL1I. And be it further enaded. That every Militia Man not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him, who fhall not appear at the Time and Place appointed For annual Exercife according to the Diredions ot this Ad, Nbtide havifrg beeh publiflfed as this A & inquires, fhall be deemed a Deferter, and if not taken until after the Time of fuch Exercife fhall forfeit axttl bay th^Sum of Teh Pounds 5

and

 C^ooQle

A.D.1809.	49°	GEO.	III.	C.i	2o.	471

and alfo every Militia Man, who, having joined the‘Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, (lull defert or abfent himfelf during the Time of annual Exercifc, and (hall not be taken tiU after the Time of fuch Exercife, (hall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds ; and if in either Cafe fuch Penalty (hall not be immediately paid, the Juftice of the Peace before whom any fuch Militia Man (hall be con-vi&ed of any fuch Offence (hall commit fuch Militia Man to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Ba;l or Mainprize for the Space of Six Months, or until he (hall have paid the Penalty.

XLIII. And be it further ena6t?d, That if any Perfon (fall bar- penalty on hour, conceal, or affift any fuch Deferter, knowing him to be fuch, harbouring the Perfon fo offending (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence a Sum Deferter*, M. not exceeding Twenty Pound and not lefs than Five Pounds.

XLIV. And be it further entitled, That in cafe any Militia Man Penalty on (hall fell, pawn, or lofc any of his Arms, Clothes, or Accoutrements, felling Arms, or neglect or refufe to return the fame in good Order to his C*p-tain, or to the Perfon appointed to receive the fame, every fuch Militia Man (hall for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLV. And be it further enaAed, That if any Perfon (hall know- Penalty on ingly and willingly buy, take in Exchange, conceal, or otherwife buying Arms, receive any Arons, Clothes, Stores, or Accoutrements belonging *1-to any Militia Man, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, con* trary to the true Intent and Meaning of this A&, the Perfon fo offending, upon Convi&ion thereof before any Juftice of the Peace,

(hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence the Sum of Five Pounds ; and if fuch Offender ftnH not immediately pay fuch Penalty, and (hall not have Efficient Goods and Chattels whereon to levy fuch Penalty, the Juftice before whom he (hail be convi&ed (hall commit him to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Matnpfize for the Space of Three Months, or (hill caufe fuch Offender to be pubiickly whipped, at the Difcretion of fuch Juftice.

XLVI. And be it further ena&cd, That the Colonel or other Colonel (ball Commanding Officer cf every Regiment or Battalion of the feid return to Chief Militia (hall and he is hereby required, as often as the Regiment or Secretary the Battalion (hall be fo called out to annual Exercifc, to return to the R^Urc^twheil Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or odledout ta™ Governors of Ireland for the Time being, a true Sttfte of fuch Rtegi- Exercife. ment or Battalion; and in cafe any fuch Colonel or Commanding Officer fhaU refufe or negltft fot One Month Uftcr tht faid annual Exet» cife fo to do, he (haH for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XLV II. And be it further enaded, That when amy Regiment or Militia Men Battalion of Militia (hall be aflembled for the Putpofc t>f bring trained when affopbled and exehnfed, it (hall be lawful for the Captain or Commanding for traiai«% way Officer of every Company, to put the Militia Men of his Company !^/utll"^£r under Stoppages not exceeding Sixpence per Day, for the Pocpofe ^2S2Ses.°C of providing them with Linen, and alfo with Stockings and other Neceffaries, and for defraying the Expence of repairing any Arms which (ball have been broken or damaged by any fuch Militia Man’s Neglect: Provided always, that every fuch Captain or Commanding Officer (halt account with each Mftitia Man fbr fuch Stoppage, ana after deda&ing what fhidlhtve been kid out and paid For Neceflaries, ftftd for repairing tht Aim m *fordTsid» (fc*H p$y the Sum remaning

Hfc*	(if

 LjOOQle

47*

Billeting Militia when called out to Exercife, and Seijeants, Coiporals, &c.

Providing "Carriage*, &c.

Bate* for> Carriages.

C.120.	49° GEO. III.	A.D.1809.

(if any there (hall be) into the Hands of the Militia Man to whom the fame belong*, before fuch Militia Man (hall be difmifled from fuch Training and Exercife.

XLVIII. And be it further ensfted, That it (hall be lawful for all Mayors, Sovereigns, Bailiffs, Burgomafters, Senefchala, Con* ftables, and the Chief and other Magiftrates and Officers of Cities, Towns, Pari(ties and Places, and (in their Default or Abfence) for any Juftice of the Peace inhabiting within or near any fuch City, Town, Parifh or Place, and they and he are and is hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers, Non-commiffiooed Officers, and Private Men fcrvingin the faid Militia, at the Times when they (hall be called out to any Exercife, as by Law they may billet His Majefty*s other Military Forces ; and when the faid Militia is not called out for Exercife, or embodied, all Mayors, and other Chief and other Magiftrates, and Officers aforefaid, or (in their Default or Abfence) any One Juftice of the Peace as aforefaid, may, and they and he are and is hereby required to billet a6 aforefaid ail Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers of the Militia.

XL1X. And be it further enafted, That when the faid Militia {hall be called out to be trained and exercifed, any Juftice of the Peace of any County, (being thereunto required by an Order from the Governor or Governors, or any of them, or from any Deputy Governors of fucb County, or from the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia of fuch County, or any Detachment thereof, being within fuch County) fhall iffue his Warrant to the Chief or High Conftablcs of Baronies, or to Con-(fables or other Officers of the feveral Pantiles or Places from, through, or near to which any fuch Regiment, Battalion, or Detachment of Militia (hall be ordered to march, requiring them to provide fuch fufficient Horfes and Carriages to convey the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, and Stores, with able Men to drive the faid Horfes and Carriages, as (hall be mentioned in fuch Order ; and in cafe fuch fufficient Horfes, Carriages, and Men cannot be provided within ,any fuch County, Barony, Parifh, or Place, then any Juftice of the Peace for the fame or any adjoining County (hall, upon fuch Order as aforefaid being (hewn unto him, iilue his Warrant to the Chief or High Conftable or Conftabka, or other fuch Officers of any Barony or Place within the fame County or within fuch adjoining County or Place, for the Purpofes afortiaid, to make up fuch Deficiency of Horfes, Carriages, and Men ; and fuch Governor, Deputy Governor, or Colonel, or other Command’ng Officer requiring fuch Carriages and Men to be provided as aforefaid, (hall, at the fame Time, pay to every fuch Chief or High Conftable or other Officer, for the Ufe of the Pcrfon or Perfons who (hall provide fuch Carriages and Men, fuch rtfpeftive Rates and Sums as (hall be payable for Carriages and Men in like Cafes, under any Aft which (hall be in force for the Punilhment of Mutiny and Defertion, and the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, for which re-Jpeftive Sums every Chief or High Conftable or other Officer receiving the fame, is hereby required to give a Receipt to the Pcrfon paying the fame; and every fuch Chief or High Conftable, Conftables, or other Officers, (hall order and appoint fuch Perfon or Perfons having Horfes and Carriages within their refpeftive Baronies or Places as they (hall think proper, to provide and furniih (uch

7	..	~	'	Horfes*

 v^ooQle

473

A.D.1809.	49°	GEO. HI.	C.120.

Horfes, Carriages, and Men, according to tbe Warrant aforefaid; and every Perfon fo ordered is hereby required to provide and furnifh the fame accordingly for One Day’s Journey, and no more.

Li. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Militia Man (hall not join the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs at the Time of annual Exercife, and (hail not be apprehended before the Expiration of the Time appointed for fuch Exercife 5 and if tbe Commanding Officer or Adjutant of fuch Regiment or Battalion, or the Commanding Officer of the Company to which fuch Offender belongs, (hail receive Information of the Place where he (hall be or refide, any fuch Commanding Officer or Adjutant may, by Writing under his Hand, defcribe the Perfon of fuch Offender, and alfo certify that be did not join the Regiment or Battalion at the Time of annual Exercife, or that he deferted during the Time of annual Exercife (as tbe Cafe may be) and ftnd the fame by a Serjeanf, Corporal, or Drummer of fuch Regiment or Battalion, to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion in the County wherein fuch Offender is fuppofed to be or refide; and tbe Adjutant or Serjeant Major to whom fuch Certificate (hall be fent, (hall dirtSt a Party of the Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, to affift in apprehending fuch Offender, and conveying him before a Jullice ot tbe Peace of the County wherein fuch Offender (hall be apprehended; and if by his Contcffion* or the Teftimony of any Witnefs or Wit-neffes upon Oath, or the Knowledge of fuch Juft ice, it (hall appear or be found that fuch Perfon is guilty of fuch Offence, fuch Adjutant or Serjeant Mijor (hall order a Party of the Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers, under his Command, to convey fuch Offender to the Head Quarters of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia of the next County, in the Way to the County to which fuch Offender belongs, and deliver him into the Cuftody of the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of fuch Regiment or Battalion, who (hall caufe him to be conveyed in like Manner to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia of the next County, and fo in like Manner until fuch Offender (hall be delivered into the Cuftody of the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, who (hall take him before a Juftic^ of the Peace, to be dealt with as herein d're&td in Cafes of Militia Men deferring or abfenting tbem-fclves from their Duty.

Lf. And be it further ena&ed, If any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, (hall delert from the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, it (hall be lawful for any Conftable or other Officer of the Town or Place where any Perfon, who may be reafonably fufpe&ed to be fuch Deferter, (hall be found, to caufe fuch Perfon to be apprehended, and taken before any Juftice of the Peace, being in and near to fuch Town and Place, who is hereby empowered to examine fuch fufpetfed Perfon ; an d if by his Confefiion, or the Teftimony of any Witnefs or Witneffes upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of fuch Juftice, it (hall appear or be found,that fuch fufp.&^d Perfon is fuch Deferter, fuch Juftice (hail forthwith caufe him to be conveyed to the Common G^ol of the County or Place where he (ball be found, or to the Houfe of Corre&ion, or other pubiick Prifon in the Town jor Place ia or near to which fuch Deferter (hall be apprehended, there

Apprehenfion *f Deferter* from annual Exercife.

Apprehenfion of Seqeants, 8u\ being Deferter*.



474

C. 120;

490 GEO. III.

1809.

to remain until he (hall be demanded by fofli* Perfon or Perfona authorised to receive him, as by this A£t is directed, and (hall tranf-^ mit an Account thereof to the Clerk of the. General Meeting of the County to which fuch Deferter belongs, and the Keeper of fuch Ga^l or H'Uifc of Correction (hall receive the full Subfifteoce of fuch Deferter, for the Maintenance of fuch Deferter during the Time he (hall continue in his Cullody, but (hall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward on account of his Imprisonment; and fuch Cletk of the General Meetings receiving fuch Account, (hall immediately tranf-mit a Copy thereof to the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion of the County, and alfo to the Adjutant or other Officer eommandin r the Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers of fuch Regiment or Battalion ; and where there are more Regiments or Battalions than.one, fuch Clerk (hall fend fuch Copy to all the Colonels or other Commanding Officers of Regiments or Battalions, a and alio to all the Adjutants or Officers commanding Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, within his County; and the Coionel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion to which fuch Deferter (hall be found to belong, or the Adjutant or Officer commanding the Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers of fuch Regiment or Battalion, (hall and he is hereby required, immediately on receiving fuch Copy as aforefaid. to fend from among the Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers of the Regiment or Battalion under his Command, a fufficient Perfon or Number of Perfons to the Place where fuch Deferter (hall be confined ; and (hail alfo fend by fuch Serjeant, Corporal or Dru rmt’r, or the Serjeant commanding the faid Party of Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers, an Order under his Hand and Seal to the Keeper of the faid Gaol, Houfe of Correction or Prifon, requiring him to deliver fuch Deferter to the Ptrion or Perfons therein named, which he is hereby required to do ; and the Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer to whom fuch Deferter (hall be fo ordered to be deli-vered, in cafe One only (hall be fent on fuch Duty, (hall apply to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Bittalion of the County where fuch Deferter (hall be fo confined as aforefaid, and fuch Adjutant or Serjeant Major (hall order a fufficient Party of the Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers under his Command to affift in conveying fuch Deferter, and he (hall be conveyed to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, in the fame Manner as before directed, with refpeCt to the conveying t)f private Militia Men to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion to which they (hall belong ; and fuch Adjutant or Serjeant Major (hall take fuch Deferter before a Juftice of the Peace of the County to which he belongs, who Jhall forthwith caufe him to be conveyed to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction, or other publick Prifon of fuch County, where he (hall remain without Bail or Mainprize, until the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs fhall be embodied fer annual Exercife, or for aCtual Service, which fhall firft happen ; and the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of fuch Regiment or Battalion (hail then iffue an Order under hif Hand and Seal to the Keeper of the Gaol, Houfe of Correction, or Prifon where fuch Deferter fhall be confined, requiring him to deliver fuch Deferter to the Perfon or Perfons therein named, which he is required to do; and fuch Colonel and other Commanding Officer is hereby em. powered and required to fummoo and hold a Court Martial for the

Trial



Google

47 5

A.D.1809.	49°	GEO.	Ill,	C.120,

Trial of fuch Deferter, in fuch Manner and with the fame Power and Authority, as (hall be given and directed by any A<51 of Parliament which (hail then be in force for punifhing Mutiny and Defertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters ; and if upon any fuch Trial fuch Deferter (hall be found guilty, it lhall be lawful to punifh fuch Deferter in fuch Manner as fuch Court Martial (hall in their Difcretion think fit, according to the Powers and Provifiors of filch A&, and of the Articles of War, but (o that no fuch Pumfti-ment (hall extend to the Lofs of Lite or Limb.

LII. And be it further enadted, That all Gaolers and Keepers of Penalty o* Pr.fons fhaii, if required fo to do by any Serjeant, Corporal, or Dmm- Gaolers refvfe^ mtr employed in conveying any Offender or Deferter a3 aforcfaid to to receive the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, receive into their Ufc*erlera» Cuftody, and confine fuch Offender for fuch Time as they (hail be re-fptdtively fo required as aforefaid, not exceeding Twenty-four Hours; and any Gaoler and Keeper of any Prifon who (hall refufe fo to do,

(hall forfeit the Snm of Five Pounds,

LI 11. And be it further ena&ed, That all Serjeants, Corporals, Billeting and Drummers, while they are employed in executing fuch Duty as Seijeants, fee, aforefaid in the apprehending and conveying Deferters, (hall be bi!-letted in like Manner as Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers belonging efcrteB* to His Majefty’s other Forces employed in apprehending and conveying Deferters are to be billetted.

LIV. And be it further enabled. That in cafe any Militia Man WhenaMM% (hall, on his March, or at any Piace where he (hall be called out to Man (hail W annual Exercife, be difabled by Sicknefa or otherwife, it (hall be law- difrhlcd by ful for any One Juftice of the Peace of the County cr Place, or any Mayor or Chief Magiftrate of any City, Town, or Piace, where AT^Afiqr fuch Man (hall then be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order him fuch Relief as fuch Juftice, Mayor, or Chief Magiftrate, ffiall think reafonable ; and the fame (hall be given by the Coilc&or of Hie Majefty’s Excife of the Place where fuch Militia Man (hall then be; and the Colle&or giving fuch Relief (hall, upon producing an Account of the Expences thereof, be allowed the fame in his Accounts, fuch Account being firit allowed under the Hands of Two Jullices of the Peace.

LV. And be it further ena&ed, That in all Cafes of actual In- fa cafe of vafion, Rebellion, or Infurre&ion, or upon immediate Danger thereof, Invafkm, to be (ignified by Proclamation from the Lord Lieuteuant or other Rebellion, fcc. Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, it fhall	**

be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Gover- c nors of Ireland for the Time being, to order and dirt A that the Mnitia of the laid feveral Counties hertin-before appointed to be raifed and trained, or ^uch Parts of them as the Lord Lieutenant or other £hief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being fhall in his or their Wifdom judge necefTary, fhall be drawn out and embodied, and that in fuch Manner as (hall be bell adapted to the Circumftances of the Danger, and to put the faid Forces under the Command of fuch General Officers as the faid Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Time being, (hall be pleafed to appoint, and to dirc& the faid Forces by their refpe&ive Officers into any Parts of Ireland, for the repelling and Prevention of any fuch Invafion, and for the Suppreffion of any Rebellion or \nfurrection therein; and the Officers, Non commiffioned Officers,

Drummers,



Google

47$ .

Governors of Counties (hall iffue Orders to Chief Conitables, and they tp Ccmftahles, to tfire Notice to Militia Men to affe cable;

Militia Men not attending (hall be Defenfrs^is under Mutiny A&; Penalty on harbouring fuch, 5l.

Militia when called out, fhall have Pay of Regulars (except as under 46 G.3,c.110.)

When Militia is embodied. Colonels may appoint Agents*

C. 120.	490	GEO.	IIL	A.D.i 809.

Drummer*, and Private Men, of the feveral Regiments and Battalions of the faid Militia, fhall, from the Time of their being drawn out and embodied as aforefaid, and until they fhall be returned again to their refpedtive Parities or Places of Abode, remain under the Command of fuch General Officers; and during fuch Time as aforefaid, ail the Provifions contained in any Adi of Parliament which fhall then be in force for punching Mutiny and Defertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, fhall be in force with refptdl to the faid M'litia, and fhall extend to all the Officers, Non comiriffioncd Officers, Drummers, and Private Men of the faid Militia, in all Cafea whatever.

LVI. And be it further enabled, That the Governor or Governors of every County in Ireland, or any of them, or on the Death or Removal of fuch Governor or Governors, or during his or their Ab-fence frem the County, any Three or more Deputy Governors to whom any fuch Order from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, for tmboaying; the Militia as aforefaid, fhall be diredled, fhall iffue his or their Order to the Chief or High Conftables or other Officers of the feveral Baronies or other Divifions within their refpe&ive Counties, with Directions to forward the fame immediately to the Conitables or other Officers of the feveral Parifhes and Places within their refpec-tive Baronies; and fuch Conitables and other Officers are hereby required, upon Receipt thereof, forthwith to caufe Notice in Writing to be given to the feveral Militia Men, or left at their feveral Places o£ Abode within their rtfpedlive Pj»rifhes or Places, to attend at the Time and Piace mentioned in fuch Order; and if any Militia Man fo ordered to be drawn out and embodied as arorefaid (not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him from ferving as a Militia Man) fhall not app ar and march in purfuance of fuch Order, every fuch Militia Man fhall be liable to be apprehended and punifhsd as a De-ferter, according to the Provifions of any Adis which fhall be then in force for pumfhing Mutiny and Defertion ; and if any Perfon fhall harbour or conceal any fuch Mih’tia Man when ordered out into edlual Service, knowing him to be a Militia Man, every fuch Perfon (halt for every fuch Offence fotfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

LVI I. And be it further enacted, That from the Date of the Warrant of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, of Ireland for the Time being, for drawing the M’litia out into adlual Service, the Officers. Non commiffiontd Officers, and Private Men of the Militia {hall be enti'led to the fame Pay as the Officers, and Private Min ot His Mijelty’s other Regiments of Foot receive, and no other; fubjedl nevtrtheiefs to tfv Provifions contained in an Adi made in the Forty-fixth Year of His prtfent Maj:fly’s Rtign. intituled. An Ad, to amend TTtivo Ads paffed in the FoPlyfecond Year of His prefent MajeJly. relating to the MLilia of England and Scotland refpedively, as to the Pay of the Officers and Men of the faid Militia ; and if any Non comnvfiVoued Officer, Drummer, or Private Man of the Militia fhall be maimed or wounded in adtual Service, he fhall be equally entitled to the Benefit of Kilmainham or Chelfea Hofpitala with any Non comm ffioned Officer, Drummer, or Private Man belonging to any of His M^jdty’s other Forets.

LVI1I. And be it further enadled, T&at when any Regiment or Battalion i f Militia fhall bz drawn out into adlual Service, and during

the

 LjOoq le

477

A.D. 1809.

49° GEO. III.

C <120.

the Time they {hall continue in aftual Service, the Colonel thereof (hall and may appoint an Agent to fuch Regiment or Battalion, aod •

(hail take Security from fuch Agent.

LIX. And be it further cna&ed, That when the Militia of any Colleftorof County (hall be ordered out into acf nal Service, the Colic&or of	pay

His Majefty’s Excife of fuch County or Place (hall, and he is hereby required forthwith to pay to the Order of the Colonel of the Regi* Re«iment * meat or Battalion of Militia fo ordered our, the Sum of One Guinea ordered into for theUfe of every private Militia Man belonging to his Regiment or a&ual Service^ Battalion ; and the faid CoiltdLr (hall aifo pav to the Order of (uch ^ne,^ul”ea Colonel the Sum of One Guinea for every Recruit, as early as may N^forie^to be after fuch Recruit (hail have joined his Company while out in ad+ual be accounted for. Service as aforefaid (all which Monev fo paid by fuch Collectors (hall be allowed them in their Accounts) ; and a‘.l Money fo received, or to much thereof as (uch Col:\yti (hall think proper, (hall be laid out*in the Manner he (lull think moll advantageous for the rtfpe£live Militia Men ; and before any Militia Man (hall receive his Difcharge, an Account (hall be rendered to fuch Militia Man how the faid Sum of One Guinea hath beeiv applied and difpofed of, and the Remainder of the faid Monev, if-any, (hall be paid to fuch Militia Man.

LX. And be it further enabled, That when the faid Militia, or Bifembodyiug any Part thereof, having been drawn out into aftual Service as afore- Militia, faid, (hall be again duly difembodied, and the Officer* and Private Men thereof difmiflcd to return to their feveral Places of Abode, the Officers, Noncommiffioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men,

(hall be fubje& to the fame Orders, Dire&ions, and Engagements only, as they were fubjcdl to under the Provifions of this Adt, before they were fo drawn out into adtual Service, except as hercin-afteij mentioned.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That every Perfon having ferved Militia Men in the Miiuia, when drawn out into adlual Service, being a married having Man, may fet up and exercife any Trade in any Town or Place in Trades?*^ & Ireland, without any Let, Suit or Moleilation, of or from any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, for or by reafon of exercifing or uting fuch Trade, as freely and with the (ame Provifion, and under the fame Regulations, as any Inhabitants of fuch Places might or could do.

LXI I. Provided always, and be it enabled, That any Officer or Leave of Abfenfe. Non-commifiioned Officerof the Militia, or private Militia Man, having to vote at Voice or Vote at any Election to be held in Ireland for any Member fil«&joi»of or Members to ferve in Parliament (hall, if he or they (hall require, p^liameot. have Leave for a reafonable Time, to be expreffed in fuch Leave, to go to, and return from fuch Eleftion ; and no fuch Officer, Noncommiffioned Officer, or Private (hail be liable to any Penalty or Punifhment for or on account of his Abfencc durirg the Time ex-preffed in fuch Leave.

LXI II. Aad be it further enabled, That in cafe any Officer, Ser- Militia Men (hall jeant or other Perfon, (hall at any Time wilfully and knowingly not enlift into enlill any Man to ferve in His M jetty’s Regular Force?, who at the Regular Forces Time ot fuch enlitting (hall be enrolled, or baliotted. or engaged to	under

- ferve in the Mnitia, except ituder the Provifions of any Adi in force fPeclal •) at the Time of fuch enlitting, and cfpecially authorizing fuch enlitting into His Majcfty’s Regular Forces, every inch .enlitting (hall be deemed null and void; and in cafe any Militia Man. at the Time of .. offering 9 ealUt M aforefaid, (hall deny to the Office r, Serjeant, or

other



Google

478 .

Penalty on Men enlifting. Six Monti is logmivtunent.

Penalty on Segeantf en-lUling Militia Men^ 20l.

Penalty on Soldier offering himfelf as a Militia Man, lol

Militia (hall not ferve out of Ireland, unlefs Vy their own , 1)( fire, as under 44 Q. ;i. c.a-2.

Covemors of Counties inay appoint Deputy tiovcrnors of Counties.

C.i%q*	4^°	GEO. IIL	A.D.1809.

other Perfon recruiting for Men to enlift and ferve in ^lis MajeftyV other Forces, that he is (at the Time of his offering to enlift j a Militia Man then f.ftuallv enrolled and engaged to ferve (which the faid Officer, Serjeant, or other Perfon is hereby required to afk every Man offering to enlift in His Majefly's other Forces) or (hall offer himfelf to be enlifted and ferve in any other Regiment or Battalion of Militia, any Milttia Man fo offending fhall. on Convi&ion thereof upon the Oath of One Witnefs before any One Juftice of the Peace, be committed to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correftion, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for and during any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, over and above any Penalty or Puniffimtnt to which fuch Perfon fo offending is or fhall be olherwife liable; and every Perfon fo offending fhall, from the Day on which his Engagement to ferve in the Militia fhall end, and no fooner, belong as a Soldier to fuch Corps of His MajeHy’s other Forces into which he fhall have fo enlifted, to ferve therein from fuch Day for the full Period of Service for which he fhall have originally engaged, and which Service fhall commence upon the Day on which he may be dif* charged from the Militia, and not before ; and if any Officer, Serjeant, or other Perfon fhall enlift any Man belonging to the Militia, to ferve in His Majefty’s Forces, knowing him to belong to the Militia, or without afking him if he belongs to the Militia (except urder the fpecia! Provilions of any fuch Aft in force as aforefaid) every fuch Officer, Serjeant, or other Perfon, (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any Perfon actually ferving in any of His M^jefty’s other Forces fhall offer himfelf to ferve, and be enrolled as a Subftitute in the Militia, every Perfon fo offending fhall forfeit and piy to the Perfon informing ' of fuch Offence, the Sum of Ten Pounds, or be committed to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction for any Time not exceeding Three Months.

1 LX1V. And be it enafted, That neither the Whole nor any Part of the Militia of Ireland, fhall on any Account be carried or ordered to go cut of Ireland^ unlefs by and with the Defare and Confent of each and every Officer, Non commiffioned Officer, Drummer, and Private, who (hall be fo carried or go, and then only within the United Kingdom :	Provided	always,	that nothing in this Aft contained

fhall repeal, or be extended or conftrued to repeal an Aft made in the Fortv-fourth Year of His Msjefty’s Reign, intituled, An A3 for empowering His Majrfty, for a Time and to an Extent therein Rmileiy to accept the Services of Jurh Parts of His Militia Forces in Ireland, as may voluntarily offer themfelvcs to he employed in Great Britain, or any Aft for continuing the lame, in force immediately before the paffing of this Aft.

LXV. And be it enafted, That for the more effeftually carrying into Execution the Purpofes of this Aft, it fhall be lawful for the Governors of the feveral Counties and Counties of Cities in Irclandt or the Majority of Governois where there fhall be more than One appointed tor any Comity or County of a City, from Time to Time to appoint fo many and fuch Perfons duly qualified as herein-after mentioned, and living within their refpeftive Counties, as he or they fhall think fit, to be Deputy Governors for every County or County of a City in Ireland, having a Regiment or Battalion of Militia ; the Names of fuch Perfons having been firft prefented to, and not dif*

I	approved

 L300Q Le

-479

A.D. i8c9*	49°	GEO.	Ill*	Cl2d«

approved of by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or

Governors of Ireland for the Time being.

LXVI. Provided always. That if the Governor or the Majority of If Governor* the Governors of any County (hall decline, refufe, or omit to appoint negleft, Lori , and return the Names of Perfons to be Deputy Governors ot any Lieutenant may County or County of a City, that then and in fuch Cafe it (hall be aPP°mt* lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, of Ireland, for the Time being, to appoint fuch Perfons (duly qualified as hercin-after mentioned) as he or they (hall think fit, to be Deputy Governors for every fuch County or County of a* City whereof the Governor or Governors, or the Majority of them, (hall have de* dined, refufed, or omitted to appoint Deputy Governors as afovefauL

LXVI I. And be it ena&ed, That there (hall be Twenty Deputy Twenty Deputy Governors at the lead within every County, if fo many can b« found Governors in qualified as hercin-after direfted, but if fuch Number of proper and each County, difcreet Perfons fo qualified cannot be found within any fuch County, then as many fuch Perfons qualified as can be found within fuch County (hall be appointed to be Deputy Governors for the Purpofes o£ this Aft; and no Commiflion of any Deputy Governor (hall be vacated by reafon of the Vacation, Expiration, or Difcontiauaoce of the Comm’fiion or Authority of the Perfon or Perfons by whom any fuch Deputy Governor has been or may be appointed.

LX VI11. And be it further enafttd, That it (hall and may be Removal of lawful for His Majefty, his Heirs and Succtilbrs, or for the Lord Deputy Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Gov€rnort*

Time being, from Time to Time as he or they (hall think fit, to fig-nify his or their Pleafure to the Governor or Governors of any County or Countv of a City, to difplace all or any Deputy Governor or Deputy Governors thereof, and upon fuch Signification of hid Qf their Pleafure, fuch Deputy Governor or Deputy Governors (hall be di(placed accordingly.

LXIX. And be it further ena&ed, That all Perfons being ap- Qualifications pointed Deputy Governors in purfuance of this Aft, except within of Deputy Counties of Cities,, (hall be qualified as follows; that is to fey, Governors, every perfon fo to be appointed a Deputy Governor, (hall be feifed or pofledtd, either in Law or Equity, for his own Ufe and benefit, in Poflcffian of a Real or Freehold Eftate, far his own Life, or for the Life of his Wife, (he having a Real or Freehold Eftate for her Life, or-'for fome greater Term, or (hall be pofiefied of a Term of Years, whereof Fourteen Years (hail be unexpired, in Maoors, Mef-fuagts, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Ireland, of the yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds, or (hall be Heir Apparent of fome Perfon who (hall in like Manner be feifed or pofleifed of a like Eftaie as aforefa d, of the yearly Value of Four hundred Pounds:

Provided always, that the Qualification of every D-puty Governor fhall be fituated within the County whereof he (hall be appointed Deputy Governor.

LXX. And be it further enafted, That with refptft to the chfcfMa^iftrates Counties of the Cities of Dublin, Cork, and Limerick, and the County 0f Dublin, Cork, q{ the Tpwn of Drogheda, the Chief Magifirate of each of the faid or Limerick, and Cities and Town refpeftiveiy for the Time being, and the Colonels of Drogheda, fliall the Militia of the faid Counties of Cities, and of the County of Louth,	Goveruors*

fliall be Governors of the faid Cities and Town, and of the Preeinfts and Liberties therevf rtfpeftively, fpr the Purpofes pf.thU Aft* and f	(Hall

 v^ooQle

Qualifications of Deputy Governors there.

Deputy Governors fhall deliver their Qualifications to Clerks of the Peace.

Cleitcs of Peace fhall regillcr Qualifications, &c.

Oaths of Deputy Governors.

Penalty on Deputy Governors a&ing without J Qualification,

*C,

C. 120.	49°	GEO.	III.	A.D. 1809.

(hill refpedively have all the Powers and Authorities hereby given to Governors of Counties, and all Powers and Provifions made by this Ad with refped to Counties at large, and the Miiitia thereof, and the regiftering herein direded of the Qualifications of the Deputy Governors, {hall take place and be in force with refped to the faid Cities, and the Militia thereof, and the regiftering of fuch Qualifications ; and the refpedive Value of fuch Qualifications (hall be as folio Wo, that is to fay ; every Deputy Governor (hail be feifed or pof-ftfied, either in Law or Equity, for his own Ufe and Benefit, in Pof-feffion cf a Real or Freehold Eflate for his own Life or for the Life of his Wife, fhe having a Real or Freehold Eflate for her Life, or for fome greater Term, or. (halt be poflefTed of a Term of Years whereof Fourteen {hall be unexpired, of the yearly %Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds at the lead, or fhall be poflefTed of a Perfonai Eflate alone, or feifed and poflefTed of a Real and Perfonai Eflate together, of the Value of Three thoufand Pounds.

LXXI. And be it further enaded, That no Perfon {hall hereafter be appointed to be a Deputy Governor of any County or City, until he {hall have delivered in to the Clerk of the Peace of the County or City for which he (hall be appointed, or, in the Abfcnce of the Clerk of the Peace, to his Deputy, a fpecific Defcription in Writing, figned by himfclf, of his Qualification, dating the County or Counties, Parifli or Parfhes, in which the Eflate or Eftates which form his Qualification is or are fituate, with the Denominations of the Land ; and the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy {hall tranfmit to the Cuttoa Rotulorum, or Senior Governor of the County, or Chief Magiftrate of the City, a Copy of fuch Defcription.

LXXI I. And be it furher enaded, That the Clerk of the Peace of every fuch Countv or City fhall and is hereby required, from Time to Time, to enter the. Qualifications tranfmitted to him according to the Dircdions of this Ad, upon a Roll to br provided and kept for that Purpofe ; and the faid Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy (hail, in the Month of January in every Year, tranfmit to the Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors for the Time being, a complete Account of the Qualifications fo left with him; and fuch Secretary receiving fuch Accounts, {hall caufe Copies thereof to be annually laid before both Houfes of Parliament; and every Deputy Governor fhall, at fome Quatter Sefiions of the Peace, or in One of His Majefty’a Courts of Record at Dublin, within Three Months from and alter the Date of his Commifiion, take fuch Oaths or Oath, and make and fign fuch Declaration or Declarations as is or fliall be required to be taken, made, and figned, by any Officer of His Maj: fly’s Forces in Ireland.

LXXIII. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon (hall execute any of the Powers hrreby direded to be executed by Deputy Governors, not being qualified as aforefaid, or not having delivered in fuch fpecific Defcription of his Qualifications as is herein-before required, fave in the Cafc9 herein-alter particularly mentioned, or not having taken the faid Oaths and made the faid Declarations within the Time herein diredrd for thofc Purpofes, every fuch Perfon (hall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, one Moiety whereof (hall go to the Uleof*the Perfon or Perfons who (hall fue for the fame; and in every Adion, Suit or Information, brought again ft any Perfon for adwg as Deputy Governor, not being qualified 11

hcreiiu

 LiOOQle

481

A.D.i8o9‘

44* GEO. Ill#

C. 120.

herein-before dire&ed, the Proof of his Qualification (hall be upon* the Perfon again ft whom the fame is brought: Provided always that JW.fo for Pern nothing in this Ad contained* lhall reftrain or prevent any Peer of ani their Heirs, this Realm, or Heir Apparent of any fuch Peer, from being appointed, or a&ing as a Deputy Governor within any Cc Unty or City, whertin fuch Peer, or Heir Apparent of fuch Peer, (hall have fome Place of Reiidence, although he may not have the Qualifications hereinbefore required, or to oblige any Peer of this Rea^m, or Heir Apparent of fuch Peer, who (hail be appointed a Deputy Goveri or as aforefaid, to leave with the Clerk of the Peace for the County • or City for which he (hall be fo appointed, any Qualifications in Writing as aforefaid.

LXXIV. And be it further enaded, That the Governor or Go- Appointment vernors of any Coir-ty, or County of a City or Town, or the Ma- of Clerks of jority of them, (hall from Time to Time appoint a Clerk of the General General Meetings to be holden as herein-after dir ded, ard may Meeting*, difplace fuch Clerk, if fuch Governor, or the Majority of Governors, where there is or (hail be more than One, (hail think fit, and appoint another in bis Room; and the Deputy Governors within* the refpedivc Subdivifions, or the major Port of thofe refident in any Subdivifion, (hall aifo, from Time to Time, appoint a Clerk for their Subdivifia* refpedive Subdivifions, and may difplace fuch Clerk* if they or the clerk, major Part of them (hall think fit, and appoint another in his Room :

Provided always, that no Clerk of the General Meetings (hail be appointed to be a Clerk of any Subdivifion, and that no Subdivifionai Clerk (hall be appointed to be CUrk of the General Meetings.

LXXV. And be it further enaded, That a Book (hall be kept by Clerk* of the Clerk of every Subdivifion, in which B>ok all Proceedings to be Subdivifion* had under this Ad or any Ad relating to the faid Militia, at every lhall enter Subdivifion Meeting, (hall be duly and fully entered 5 and in the	m

faid Book the Names of the Governors and D puty Governors pre-	c“

fent at every fuch Subdivifion Meeting refpedively (hall be fet down and fpecified, and at the Foot of every Day’s Proceedings fuch Sub-divifion Clerk (hall fign h»8 Name? and every Subdivifion C’erk (hall from Time to Time, together with the amended Lifts of Names hereinafter mentioned,, tranfmit to the Clerk of the Peace a Lift of the Names, Ages, and Refidence of ail fuch Perfons as (hall at any and every fuch Meeting have been exculed from ferving in the faid Militia, together with the Caufe for which they were fo excufed; and fuch Subdivifion Ckrk dull alfo once in the Year, at leaflt Ten Days orevious 10 the annual General Meeting in OSober, tranfmit to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the County, a Copy of the Proceeding* of all the Subdiviti >nal Meetings in the preceding Year, figned j»nd attefted as a true Copy by iuoh Clerk of fuch Sub-divifion.

LXXVI. And be it further ena&ed, That the Coiledtir of His Payment of fuch Majefty’s Revenue for any County (hall pay to the Clerk of the Clerks for their General Meetings the Sum of Five Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Attendance. Nine-pence for each Meeting, and lhall alfo pay to the Clerks of the feveral Subdivifion Meetings the Sum of One Pound Two Shillings and Nine-pence for each Sub-divifion Meeting, on fuch C’erk refpec-tively producing to fuch Colle&or an Order from the Governor or Governors, Deputy Governor or Deputy Governors, prefent at fuch Meeting, or any Two of them; and fuch Payments (hall be allowed in

49 Geo. 111.

Ii

every



Google

4*t

C. 120.

49* GEO. HI.

A.D.1S09*

Such Clerks (kail give Security for performing their

IPrefetitflQent* by Juries for Allowances to Clerks of Peace and Subdivifien Clevis**

Oa Clerk Begle&ing Duty, *0 Prefentment (hail be made.

General Meetings of Governors and Deputy Governors.

flrft Annual General Meeting in O&ober.

every fuch Collcftof** Accounts: Provided always, that no Clerk of any General Meeting (hall be entitled to receive in any One Year more than Thirty Guineas, nor any Clerk of any Subdivifional Meeting more than Twenty Guineas, from the Collcftors of Hi* Majefty*8 Revenue, for his Attendance at fuch Meeting refpeftively, any Law to the contrary notwithttanding: Provided alfo, that every Clerk of a General or Subdivifional Meeting (hall, before he be entitled to receive any Payment as aForefaid, feverally enter into Recognizance before a Juftice of the Peace, which Recognizance every Juftice is hereby empowered to take, the Clerk of the General Meeting in the Sum of Fiftv Pounds, and the Clerk of a Sub-divi-fional Meeting in the Sum of Thirty Pounds, conditioned that he (hall duly and diligently attend his Duty as Clerk, for One Year from the Date thereof; and that in every Order to the Colleftor of His Majefty,8 Revenue for Payment to any Clerk, his having entered into filch Recognizance (hall be certified, or fuch Order (hall be void and of no Effeft.

LXXVII. 4 And, in order to make Compenfation to the Clerk

•	of the Peace and the Clerk of the Sub-divifional Meetings for

•	the Trouble impofed on them by this Aft Be it therefore enafted. That it (hall be lawful for all Grand Juries at Aflizes, and for the Grand Juries of the County and County of the City of DubTtn, at presenting Terms, to prefent to be raifed off the County at Urge, and paid to the Clerk of the Peace for his Trouble in the Execution of the Militia Laws, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds a Year, over and above all other Sums which by Law they are now empowered to prefent to be paid to him, and to prefent to be raifed in like Manner, and paid to fuch Clerk of a Subdivifional Meeting, a Sum after the Rate of Six Shillings for every One hundred Names of Perfons contained in the amended and other Lifts made under the Provifions of this Aft, for the Subdivifions of vihich he (hall be Clerk.

LXXVIII. Provided always; and be it further enafted, That if any Clerk of the Peace or Clftk of the Subdivifion Meeting (half, in any County or County of a City^ negleft or omit to do any Aft which by this Aft he is required to do, no Prefentment fhaf! be made or fiated at any Aflizes in fuch County or County of a City, or at any Term if in the County or City of Dublin for any Money to be paid to him.

LXXIX. And be it further enafted, That General Meetings of the Governor or Governors, and Deputy Governors of every County or County of a City or Town, (hall be holden in fome Town of every fuch County, and fuch General Meetings (hall confift of the Governor or Governors, or any of them, together with One Deputy Governor at leaft, or on the Death or Removal, or in the Abience of the Governor or Governors, or all of them, then of Three Deputy Governors at the lead of every County or County of a City or Town refpeftively; and fuch General Meetings (hall be holden within every County, and within each of the faid Counties of the Oities of Dublin, Cork, and Limerick, and of the Town of Drogheda, by or under the Orders of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, in Manner herein-after mentioned; and fuch General Meetings (hall alfo be held annually upon the Twfdaj that (hall happen next

before-



4«1

A-D. 1809,	490	GEO.	III.	C.12Q.

before the Twenty-fourth Day of 0Sober in every Year, and when •nd as often as any Governor, or any Two Deputy Governors a# aforefaid, (hall find it necefiary for carrying the Purpofes of thif Ad duly and fully into Execution; and that fuch Governor or Deputy Governors (hall and may, by Notice in Writing to the Clerk of the General Meeting, fummon or caufe to be fummoned fuch General Meetings, on any Days to be fixed by fuch Summonfes, Genel4 of which Places of holding fuch Meetings refpedively, Notice (hall MeetiuSg# be given by the Clerk of the General Meetings in any Newfpaper, if any there (hail be publifhed in fuch County or County of a City,

Fourteen Days at the Icait before the Day appointed for holding fuch Meeting refptdivel}.

LXXX. And be it further enaded, That fuch Governors and Dividing of Deputy Governors, or a competent Number thereof, appointed at any Counties into General Meeting, (hall or may divide every fuch County into fuch Subdivifions. Subdivifions as they (hall think mod expedient for the rurpofes of this A61, and (hall or may change the fame from Time to Time as they (hall tliiuk proper; Provided always, that the Subdivifiona heretofore made and cftablifhecJ, cr which before the Commencement of this Ad (hall be duly made and efiablifhed, (hall remain and continue pntil the fame (hall be duly altered, as if this Ad had not beta mad?: Provided alfo, that it (hall not be lawful for any Governors or Deputy Governor* to divide any County into any greater Number of Subdivifions than (hall be equal to Four Times the Number of Baronies contained in fuch County, without the exprefs Approbation and Confent of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being in that Behalf obtained.

LXXX I. And be it further enaded, That Subdivilional Meetings Subdivifional qF the Governor or Governors and Deputy Governors within the faid Meetings. Subdivilions of the refpedive Counties or Counties of Cities, or Towns, (hall be holden from Time to Time, and every fuch Subdivifional Meeting (hall con fid of Two Members at the leait, and (hall and may be held at fuch Times and Places within the faid Subdivifiona refpedively as (hall be dirt&ed at any General Meeting duly convened, or as (hall be appointed by Notice in Writing to the Clerk of fuch Subdivifion by any Governor, or by any Deputy Governor relident within fuch Subdivifion ; and that every Deputy Governor of any County (hall, if he thinks Jit, attend all Subdivifion Meetings qf fuch County, and ad and vote therein as if he was refident in fuch Subdivifion.

LXXXII. And be it further enaded, That a!l General and Sub- Adjournment* divilion Meetings, to be from Tin?e to Time holden under this Ad, of General (hall and may adjourn as they (hall find expedient for the Execution Meetings and of this Ad ; and in cafe the Number of Governors or Deputy Gover- Subdivifiona! nors required to form any General Meeting or Subdivilional Meeting e6tlD^ (hall not attend at the feveral Times and Places refpedively appointed for fuch General or Subdivifional Meetings refpedively, then and in every fuch Cafe the Clerk of fuch General or Subdivifional Meeting, as the Cafe may be, (hall adjourn fuch General or Subdivifional Meeting refpedively to fome fubftquent Time, not exceeding the Dif-taace of Seven Days to be boldeu at the fame Place.

LXXXIIL And be it further enaded. That the refpedive Clerks Notice of ,of the Subdivifion Meetings (hall forthwith* or 99 foqn as conveniently Suhdmfiox^ may be after apy Siibdivifion Meeting flwil few? been appointed,

I i %	give

4«4

Regulations for fumraoning General Meetings, and obtaining Lifts fbr a Ballot for Men to form any Regiment, or to fupply Vacancies.

Governors of Counties may divide Counties on Failure of General

Meetings.

G.iib.	490	GEO.	III.	A.D.ig©0*

give Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of Meeting, and of the JPurpofe for which the fame h to be held, to the Governor and Governors, and alfo to fuch of the Deputy Governors who (hall be reticent within fuch Subd’vificns refpe&ivrly.

LXXXIV. And be it further ena&ed, That whenever either for the forming any Regiment or Battalion of Militia in Ireland, or for filling up any Vacancies therein by Death, Defertion, or lawful Dif-charge, the Lord Lieutenant or other Cni-f Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, (hall order that the neceflary Number of Men (hall be raifed by Ballot, and that new Lifts (hall be returned for the feveral Diftri&s, Parifhes, and Places within the County, County of a C ty, or Town, or Diftrift to which fuch Regiment or Battalion belongs, and fuch Order (hall be notified by Proclamation in the Dublin Ga%ette, or by the Letter of the Chief Secretary for the Time being, to any Governor or Governors of the County or County of a City to which fuch Regiment or Battalion (hall belong, then and in every fuch Cafe the Governor or Governors of fuch County or County of a City, or any of them, (hall forthwith fummon a General Meeting to be held therein, within Ten Days from the Date of fuch Proclamation or the Receipt of fuch Letter; and the Governor or Governors and Deputy Governors, or a competent Number thereof affembled at fuch General Meeting, (ball appoint a convenient Place and Time, not more diftant than Twenty D*ys, or fooner than Eight Days, for a Meeting in every Subdrvifion within the County, County of a City, or Diftri& to which fuch Regiment or Battalion belongs ; and they (hall alfoiflue their Commands in Writing to the feveral High or Chief Conftab'.es, or where there (hall not be a High or Chief Con-ftable, to fome other P.ace Officer, or to the Collt&or of the Pub-lick Cefs in each Barony of fuch County or Diftr &, or in fuch Courty of a City, requiring each of them to iffiie an Order under his Hand to all Conftables or other Officers of »very Pariffi or Place within his DiftriCt, to make out fair and trH* Lilts of ail Male Perfons ufuaiiy or at the Time rtfident or dwelling within fuch Parifh or Place, within the Ages of Sixteen and Forty-five Years, diftinguiffiing the Profcffion, Tr?dc, or Occupation of each, according to the Form in Schedule (A.) annexed to this A6t; and when the true Name of any fuch Perton cannot be procured, fetting down his common Appellation, which will be fufficient, and alio diftinguifhing (uch as labour under any Inftrmity l kely to incapacitate them from ferving as M’litia Men, and to return the fame to the Meeting appointed as a fore fa id to be held in the Subdivifion where fuch Pariffi or Place is fituated refpe&ively, verifying upon Oath at the Foot thereof, that he has formed the fa»d Lift or L’fts fairly, boneftly, ard impartially, without Favour, Affe&ion, or Malice towards any Ptrfon ; and that he had ufed his beft Endeavours to difeovtr the Names of all the Male Inhabitants of the Pariffi or Diftrift for which he has made a Return 5 and that the Name of every Pcrfon whom he difeovered to be dwelling or refident within fuch Pariffi or Place, and who is liable and required by Law to be inferted therein, is inferted therein.

LXXXV. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That if in any County or County of a City or Town fuch General Meeting (hall not be held within the Time aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful for any One Governor of fuch County or ,County of a City or Town, within Six Days after the Expiration of the Tune for holding fuch Meetings

 CjOOQle

A.D. 1809.	490 GEO. III.	C.120.	485

ing, to making Divifions of fuch County, County of a City or Town as aforefaid, if not already divided, appoint Times and Places for Sobdivifional Meetings, and HTue Orders for making out and returning Lifts in Manner aforefaid; and every fuch Divifion, Appointment, or Order, (hall be as valid to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame had been made at a General Meeting as aforefaid.

LXXXVI. Provided alio, and be it enaded, That if in any Parifli Appointment or Place there fh-dl be no Con liable or other Officer, or fuch Con- ot Special ftible or other Officer (hall refufe to receive the Order which (hall be Conftables. given to him as aforefaid to make out the Lifts, the Chief or High Con liable or other Peace Officer or Colledor, receiving the Command as aforefaid, (hall appoint a fit and proper Pcrfon to ad as Con liable therein for the Purpofe of executing this Ad, and no other.

LXXXVII. And be it further enaded, That no Perfon being Quakersftmll not one of the People called Quakers, (hall be appointed Chief, High, be Conftables, or Petty Con liable or other Officer, tor the Purpofe of carrying any of the Regulations of this Ad into Execution: Provided always,

That if any Perfon (hall be appointed to any fuch Office, and (hall refufe to accept thereof by reafon of his being one of the People called Quakers, and (hall produce a Certificate under the Hands of Two or more reputable Houfekeepers, being of the People called Quakers, dated within the Three Months immediately preceding the Lay on which it (hall be produced, acknowledging fuch Perfon to be one of their Perfuafion, thereupon fome other fit and proper Perfon (hall be appointed Chief, High or Petty Conftable, or other Officer, in the Room of fuch £>uaker> in order to carry this Ad into perfed Execution.

LXXXV1II. And be it further enaded. That if any Conftable Penalty on or other Officer (hall negled or refufe to make or return the Lift or Conftables Lifts which by this Ad he (hall be required to do, and be thereof returning convided by his own Confeffion, or on the Oath of One credible Witnefs before any Juftice of the Peace, he (hall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be levied on his Goods and Chattels under the Warrant of fuch Juftice, or in default thereof, he (hall be committed to Gaol, there to remain for the Space of Six Months, or until fuch Sum (hill be paid.

LXXXIX. * And Whereas the frequent Attendance of the feveral • High and Petty or Parifli Conftables is required to carry this Ad ‘ into Execution Be it enaded, That from and after the paffing Allowances t# of this Ad, the Colledor of His Majefty’s Revenue for every County Conftables for (hall pay to every High Conftable the Sum of Eleven Shillings and their Attendance. Four-pence Halfpenny, and to every Petty or Parifh Conftable the .Sum of Five Shillings and Five-pence, for each and every Day the faid High, Petty, or Parifli Conftables (hall be certified, under the Hands of the Perfons presiding at any General or Sub*divifionai Meeting, to hajre been adually in Attendance or on Duty in carrying this Ad into Execution ; provided that the whole Sum to any High Conftable fli^U not exceed Twenty Pounds in any Qne Year, and that the whole Sum to any fuch Petty or Parifli Conftable in any One Year (hall not exceed the Sum of Twelve Pounds; and fuch Payments fhall be allowed in every Collcdor*s Accounts.

XC. And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for the Governors and Governor, Governors, or Deputy Governors within any Sub-divifion, Deputy from Time to Time, to iflue their Order or Warrant under their Governors may ...	113	'	Hand* *®w0ldetsl0

 C^ooQLe

486

Conftables, and commit them for Difobcdipnce.

Fenalty oa inducing ‘ Conftables to make felfe Lifts, lol.

Parilh being 5n Two or mojre Counties (hall be confidered as feparata Pariflies in the refpeftive Counties.

Lifts of Parilhes may be united

Sot the Ballot*

C. 126.	49®	GEO.	in.	A.D. 1809.

Hands and Seals, requiring the Attendance of any Conftable or other Officer of the Parifh or Place within fuch Sub-divilion, at fuch Time and Place as in fuch Order or Warrant (hall be expreffed; and if fuch Con liable or other Officer lhall refufe or negltft to appear according to fuch Order or Warrant, and if any Chief-or High Conftabh*, or other Officer of any Barony, or other Officer of any Parilh or Place, whether appointed under this Aft or otherwife, lhall refufe or negltft to return any fuch Lift as before direfted, or to comply with fuch Orders and Direftions as they lhall refptftively from T»me to Time receive from the faid Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, in purfuance of this Aft, or lhall, in making iuch Return, be guilty of any Fraud or wilful Partiality or grofs Negltft in his Duty, the faid Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, or any Three or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to commit the Perfon fo offending to the Common Gaol, there to be kept without Bail or Mainprze for the Space of One Month, or at their Difcretion to fine fuch Perfon in any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor lefs than Forty Shillings.

XCI. And be it further enafted, That any Perfon who lhall, by Gratuity, Gift, or Reward, or by Promife thereof, or of any In* demnification, or by Menaces or otherwife, endeavour to prevail on any Chief or High Conftable or other Officer to make a falfe Return of any Lift for any Parilh or Place, or to erafe or leave out of any fuch Lift the Name of any Man who ought to be returned therein to ferve as a Militia Man, every fuch Perfon for every fuch Offence lhall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if any Man lhall refufe to tell his Chriftian or Surname, or lhall falfely tell a Cbriftian or Surname, or if any Perfon lhall refufe to tell the Chriftian or Surname of any Man lodging or rtfiding within his or her Houfe, or (hall knowingly tell any falfe Name, pretending it to be the trae Namfe of any fuch -Man, to any Con liable or other Officer authorized by this Aft to demand the fame, fuch Perfon (hail forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XCIL And be it further enafted, That whenever any Panlh in Ireland, or any Parilhes epifcopally or perpetually united, or any Part thereof refpeftively, lhall be lituate in Two or more Counties, the refpeftive Governor or Governors and Deputy Governorst>f the fevteral and refpeftive Counties within which any Part or Parts of fuch Parilh or united Parilhes fo divided fhall be lituate, lhall comprife fuch Part of any Parifh or united Parifh fo divided as is fitnated within their own County, in fuch Diftrift or Sub-divifion of fuch County as (hall bfc mod convenient for the Purpofes of carrying this Aft into Execution, *8 if fuch Part of a Parilh or united Parilhes were a diftinft Parifh within fuch County; and the Conftable or Conftables of fuch Diftrift or Sub diviiion fhall from Time to Time return the Names of the Inhabitants of fuch Part of every fuch ParHh or united Parilh as live within fuch County and Sub-divifion, to the bed of their Knowledge and Ability, to the Sub divifional Meeting, in order that the Ballot may be made in fuch County from Lifts made accordingly,

XCIII. And be it further enafted, That it lhall be lawful for the faid Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, within their refpeftive Divifions, to add together, whenfoftrer they (hall think ft neceffary, the Lifts for two or more Parilhes or Places, or Parts of Parilhes or Place*, and ftocetd upon fact tafta added together

U|



Google

4*7

A.D. i8o9*	49®	GEO.	III.	C.iao.

in like Manner as if tbey had been originally returned for One Parifh or Place, fo as to mike the Choice of Militia Men by Ballot within every fuch Sub-divifion as equal and impartial as poffible.

XC1V. And be it further cna&ed, That if the Lift of any Parifh or Place fhall be loft or deftroyed, it fhall be lawful for the Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors within any fuch Sab-divifion, or any Two or more of them, to caufe a new Lift as aforefaid in any fuch Parifh or Place, to be made and returned to them at their next Sub-divifion Meeting, in the fame Manner as the Liftloft or deftroyed was made, and ought to have been returned to them by the Dire&ioa of the General Meeting,

XCV. And be it further ena&ea, T/ at the Governors and Deputy Governors at each Sub-divifional Meeting appointed as aforefaid, (hall immediately proceed thereat to inquire into the Fitntfs for Service of all Perfons named in the Lifts returned to them, and fele& their Names, and hear fuch Obje&ions as fhall be made on the Part of fuch a3 they fhall fo fele&; and in making fuch Inquiry and Sele&ion, it fhall be lawful to and for fucb Governors and Deputy Governors to examine upon Oath, which Oaths, as alfo the Oath to be taken by the Perfon making the Return, they or any of them* arc hereby required and empowered to adminifter; and when fuck Lifts (hall be fo prepared by fuch Inquiry and Sele&ion, they fhall appoint a Day and Piace for the next Meeting, to be held at a Day not more diftant than Ten, or fooner than Six Days, and the Clerk of the Meeting fhall forthwith deliver Copies of the Lifts fo made refpe&ively, to the fevcral Con (tables or other Perfons who re-fpc&ively returned the general Lifts, to be by them affixed, without Delay, on the Outfide of the Door of every Church and other Place of Divine Worfhip in the Parifh or Place to which faid Lift was made, or at the ufua! Place or Places therein for pofting Notices within fuch Parifh or Diftri&, fpeofying at the Foot thereof the Day and Place appointed for the next Meeting; and that all Perfons wh6 think themfeives aggrieved by the Inlertion of their Names, or by the Omiffion of the Names of others in fuch Lifts, may then appeal; and that no Appeal will be a'ttrwards received.

XCV I. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That no Peer of this Realm, nor any Perfon who fhall a& as a Commiffioned Officer in any Regiment, Troop, or Company in His Majefty’s other Forces, or in any of His Majefty’s Caftlesor Forts, nor any Non commiffioned Officer or Private Man ferving in any of His Majefty’s Forces, nor any Commiffioned Officer lerving or who has ftrvtd Four Years in the Militia, nor any Perfon enrolled iu any Troop or Company of Yeomanry, who fhall produce a Certificate from the Commanding Officer of fuch Troop or Company, that he bas pun&ually attended the Excrcife of the Troop or Company to which he belongs, for Three Months, immediately preceding the Day on which he fhall have been ballotted to ferve in the Militia, according to the Provi-fions of an A& made in the Forty-fecond Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled, An Ad to enable His Majejly to accept and continue the Services of certain Troops, or Companies of Teomanry in Ireland, nor any Perfon being a Member of the Univerfity, nor any Clergyman or Licenfed Teacher of any feparate Congregation, nor any Juftice of Peace, Conftable, or other Peace Officer, nor any articled Clerk, Apprentice, Seaman, or. Seafaring Man, nor any

1 i 4	Ptrfoa

New Lifts in the Room of tufts loft, &c*

Settling Lifts of Name* at Sub-divlfien Meetings.

Perfoni exempted from ferving in the Militia.

 Goo<

Hearing of Appeals anil coriedling Lifts.

A»n«al Return «f lifts to Privy Council.

General Meeting for apportioning Numbers on Psxilhes.

C. 120.	49° GEO. HI,	A.D. 1809.

Pcrfon dome Doty in His Majefty^s Ordnance for the Service thereof, Or at any Magazine or other Storehouse belonging to His Majefty, or under the Dirr&;ons of the Board of Ordnance, nor any poor Mao not worth Ten Pounds in Goods or Chattels, or who does not pay Five Pounds a Year Rent in the Whole for Lands, Tenements, and Cottake or Crophold, for the Crop or by the Year, who has more than Three Children born in Wedlock, living and under the Age of Fourteen, (hall be liable to ferve personally or provide a Subftitute, according to the Dire&ions of this Aft; and no Perfon having fervtd personally or by Subllitute in any Regiment or Battalion of Militisu (hall be obliged to ferve again until by Rotation it (hall come to his Turn; but no Perfon who has fervtd only as a Subllitute (hall, by fuch Service, be exempted from ferving again if he (hall be chofep by Ballot.

XCVII. And be it further ena&ed, That at every Sub-divifion Meeting for hearing Appeals, the Pcrfons prt Tiding (hall inquire upon Oath into the Allegation of every Perfon who (hall appear perfonally to fupport his Appeal, or on whofe Behalf, if he (hall be tick or ab* fent, an Appeal (hall be brought, which Oath they or any of them gre hereby empowered to adminiiler ; and they (hall ftrike out of the Lift every Perfon who (hall appear to them to be unfit to ferve, or tQ be legally exempted from ferving, and they (hall likewife infert in fucb Lift the Name of any Perfon who it (hall appear to them ought to be inferted therein, and (hall have been omitted ; and they (hall forth,, with return to the Clerk of the General Meeting a Certificate under their Hands of the Number of Men contained in the Lift of every Parifli or Place after fuch Amendment thereof, for the Ufe of the General Meeting; and they (hail likewife fend to the Clerk of the Peace a full and accurate Copy of every fuch amended Lift, under their Hands and Seals, counterfigned by the Clerk of the Meeting, to be by him filed and kept among the Records of the County, which Copy (hall be of equal Authenticity for every lawful Purpofe refpe&-ing the Militia, and of all Proceedings and A&s to be done under this or any A6t for railing, embodying, or regulating, or otherwiTe refpe&ing the Militia, as the Original, in cafe the Original (hall bq loft, effaced, orraiflaid.

XCVIII. And be it further enaded, That the Cuftos Rotulorum, or Senior Governor in cafe of the Abfence of the Cuftos Rotulorum, of every County, (hall ^pd he is hertby required to tranfmit to Hia Majefty’s Privy Council annually, as foon alter the Returns of Men (hall have been made to the General Meetings as the fame can be <lone, an Account in Writing of the true State of the Number of Perfons fit apd liable to ferve in the Militia for fuch County, in the Form of Schedule (B.) to this A& annexed.

XC1X. And be it further ena&ed, That a General Meeting of the Governors and Deputy Governors of every County relpe&ively, (hall be fummoned by the Clerk of the General Meetings immediately on his receiving fuch Certificates or any of them, to be held withiq Seven Days thereafter, and not fooner than Four Days, for the Purpofe of apportioniqg {he Number of Militia Men to he raided on the feveral Sub-divifions, Parilhes, or Plages* and the Perfons who fhall prefide at fuch General or other Meeting, (hall appoint what Number of Men (hall be the Quota or Proportion for each Parilh or Place to furnish or keep fupplied to the Mijitia of the County, County

 LjOOQle

AJX1899*	,49°	GEO,	III*	Caw

of a City, or Diftri&, apportioning the whole Number of the Militia* Non-commiffioned Officers, and Drummers included* as nearly as may he, to the Numbers contained in the certified Lifts of each Parifti or '

Place, and the Clerk of fuch Meeting (hall forthwith give Notice thereof to the feveral Sub-divifional Clerks, who (hail enter and file the fame for the Ufe of their refpe&ive Sub-divifions, and he fhall alfo give a Copy thereof, figned by hirofelf, to the Clerk of the Peace, to be by him filed and kept among the Records of fuch County ; and fuch General Meeting (hall appoint Meetings to be held in the feveral Sub-divifions for the Purpofe of choofiog by Ballot the Number of Perfons to be furnilhed from each Sub-divifion to the Militia.

C. And be it ena&ed, That the Governor or Governors with the Apportionment Deputy Governors of any County, or a competent Number of them may be altered* afftmbled at any General Meeting, may alter the Allotment of the Number of Men to be raifed in each refpe&ive Barony, Parifti, or other Divifion to ftrve in the Militia, whenever it (hall appear to them ' that any fuch Allotment is injurious to any Barony, Parifti, or other DiviGon.

CL And be it further ena&ed, That at every Sub-divifional Notice of Meeting fo to be he Id for ballot ting, whether the fame be for forming Time lor Appeal, any Regiment or Battalion, or for fupplying any Deficiency of Men, or filling up any Vacancy or Vacancies therein, the Perfon or Perfons prefiding at fuch Divifionai Meeting (hall forthwith caufe the Number of Men which each Pariih or Place ought then to furnifti, to be forthwith chofen by Ballot, in Manner following; that is to fay, the Names of all Perfons contained in the aforefaid Lift for fuch Parifh or Place (hall be fairly written on diftin& Pieces of Paper, being as near as may be of equal Size, and rolled up in the fame Manner, and put into a Box, Cafe, or Bag, by the Clerk, and‘.hereout the Names fhall be impartially drawn by One of the Perfons prefiding, or fome indifferent Perfon, until the whole Number which fuch Parifti or Place ought then to furnifti (hall be drawn; and the Perfon or Perfons prefiding at fuch Sub divifionai Meeting (hall appoint another Meeting of the Sub-divifion, to be held within Seven and not fooner than Four Days, and ihall caufe Notice thereof to be given to each Perfon drawn by the Ballot, requiring him to appear at fuch other Meeting, and (hew Caufe, if any he can, why he (hould be excufed, or there to enrol himfelf or produce a Efficient Subftitute, who (hall be approved of or enrolled, fuch Notice to be left at his Place of Abode Two Day8 at the leaft before the Day of his Appearance, or in cafe he (hall have no Place of Abode, or the fame cannot be difeovered, fuch Notice to be affixed on the Door of the Church and other Places of Divine Worftiip, and in all Places where Notices are ufually polled in fuch Diftridi or Parifti, Two Days at leaft before the Day for his Appearance; and if he (liall not appear, and Proof (hall be made upon Oath of fuch Notice having been given or affixed, and no fufficient Caufe on Oath (hall be given for his not appearing, or if he (hall not be excufed when he (hall fo appear, or produce a Subftitute as aforefaid," he (hall be adjudged liable to ferve, and ferve accordingly.

CIL And be it further enadted, That if it (hall appear to any Sureties for Jaitice of the Peace, Governor, or Deputy Governor, that any Perfon Appearancsof drawn by a Ballot is not a Leffec of any Land or Lands, or Houfe, ballotted in the Sub-divifion, in which he (hall be drawn, for Years or for ^erfoni'

Jdfe pr Lives, it (hall be lawful for him to iffuc his Warrant for

bringing

 LnOOQle

49*

©*th of ballot ted Man.

C.I20.

49° GEO. m.

A.D. 18o5>i

bringing fuch Perfon before him, and to bind him, together with One fumcient Surety, in the Sum of Twenty Pounds, for his Appearance at the next Sub-divifional Meeting, atfd from Meeting to. Meeting, until he (hall be difeharged or enrolled 5 and if he (haH refufe to be fo bound, or (hall negleft to find fuch Surety, fuch Juftice is hereby required to order the Clerk of the Sub-dlvifion to enrol bis Name, and he (hall be delivered over without Delay to the

n Officer of the Militia, to ferve for fuch Term as a Man drawn Hot (hall be bound to ferve: Provided, always, that nothing herein contained (hall extend to prevent any fuch Perfon from having or taking the Benefit of any Exemption or Appeal to which he may by Law be entitled.

CIII. And be it further enabled. That every Pcrfon fo chofen by Ballot who (hall fo appear at fuch Meeting, and (hall not be excufed or provide a Subftitute, (hall there take the following Oath ; that is to fay,

4 J A. B. do folemnly promife and fwear, That I will be faithful and

•	bear true Allegiance to His Majefty King George; and 1 do fwear,

*	that I will faithfully ferve in the Militia of Ireland in the

•	Regiment [or Battalion] during the Term of Five Years, unlefs I

*	(hall be fooner difeharged.*

And that every Subftitute and every Volunteer, and every Man who (hall be raifed by any Pariffi AfTeffment in Manner dire&ed by this A£t, who (hail fo appear at fuch Meeting, or who may be at aBy Time enlided to ferve in fuch Militia, (hall take the following Oath $ that is to fay, .

Oath of

8ubftitute or Volunteer.

Providing Subftitutes, who fluII take the Oath before required.

4 T A. B. do folemnly promife and fwear. That I will be faithful

*	and bear true Allegiance to His Majefty King George, and I

* do fwear, that I will faithfully ferve in the Militia of Irtlar.d> in ‘ the	Regiment	[or	Battalion]	during	the Term of

4 Five Years; and alfo for fuch further Time as the laid Regiment

*	ipr Battalion] fhali remain embodied for Service, if at the Expira-4 uon of Five Years the faid Regiment [or Battalion] fhali be fo 4 embodied, unlefs I (hall be fooner difeharged.*

And every fuch Perfon (hall be enrolled in a Roll to be then and there prepared for that Purpofe, to ferve in the Militia of the faid County or City as a Militia Man accordingly; and that in the Certificate of fuch Atteftation the Day of the Month when fuch Oath was adminiftered (hall be fpecified in Words, and not in Figures, and that if any fuch Atteftation (hall be antedated, the Perfon knowingly antedating the fame (hall, if an Officer, be cafhiered, and if a Migitlrate or Deputy Governor (hall became liable to and incur the rcuaity of Fifty Pounds on Convi&ion thereof.

CIV. Provided always, and be it further ena£ted, That if any Perfon fo chofen by Ballot (hall procure and produce for his Subftitute a Man able and fit for Service, and who (hall be approved of by the faid Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, or any Three or more of them, fuch Subftitute fo produced and approved (hall be enrolled to ferve in the Militia of fuch County or City as a private Militia Man for the Space of Five Years, and alfo for fuch further Time as the Militia (hall remain embodied, if at the Expiration of the faid Term of Five Years, the Regiment or Battalion to which

fuch



Google

49*

A.D. 1809*	49°	Geo.	III.	C.	120.

fuch Man fhtll belong /hall be on Service out of fuch County or City* and fuch Subftitute (hall take the Oath hercin-bcfore appointed to be taken by a Subftitute or Volunteer 5 and any Perfon fo chofen by Ballot for whom fuch Subftitute (hall have been fo produced, enrolled, and (worn as aforefaid, (hall be exempted from Service in the Militia, in the fame Manner as if he himfelf had ferved according to the Directions of this Ad: Provided that no Petfon who (hall be hereafter enrolled in the faid Militia, whether as a ballotted Man or Subftitute or Volunteer, (hall be deemed to be fully approved of, fo as to exonerate the Perfon or Pcrfons, Diftrid or Dili rids bound to provide fuch Man, or to entitle fuch Man to receive the Second Instalment of foa Bounty if a Volunteer, unlefs and until fuch Appro* bation (hall be exprtfitd by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion, or fome proper Officer by him appointed5 and alfo by fomc Ptrfon or Pcrfons duly appointed or authorized by or under the Army Medical Board to hold a medical lnfpedion on fuch Perfon*

CV. Provided alfo, and be it enaCted, That when it (hall appear to the Governor or Governors, and Deputy Governors, or any of them, who (hall be affemblcd and competent to prtfide at any Sub-divifion Meeting, that any Perfon chofen by Ballot to ferve in the Militia is unable by any Infirmity, or not being of the Htighth of Five Feet Two Inches, or is otherwife unfit for Service, it (hall be lawful for the Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors fo affembled, and they are herehy required to difeharge fuch Perfon, and immediately to amend the Lift for the Place for which fuch Perfon (hall have been ballotted, by finking his Name out of the fame, and caufe another Perfon to be chofen in his Stead by Ballot, according to the Directions sof this Ad.

CVI. • And for the afeertaining what Numbers may be aduaUy € ferving for any particular Parifti or Place in Cafes where a Ballot is 1 to be held for filliog up Vacancies, or in any other Cafes 59 Be it cnaded, That every Commanding Officer of a Regiment or Battalion of Militia (hall, within Seven Days after the Firft Day of QQober in each and every Year, and as often as he (hall be required fo to do by the Governors or Deputy Governors at any General Meeting, fend to the Clerk of the General Meeting of the County or County of a City, to which his Regiment or Battalion belongs, a full and accurate Account of the Names of all Non-commiflioned Officers, Drummers, and Privates, ferving at the Time in his Regiment or Battalion, fpecifying the feveral Parifhes or Places for wh ch each Man ferves, or is fee down to ferve, as far as it has come to his Knowledge; which Ltd (hall, by the Clerk of the General Meetings, be filed and preserved for the Ufc of the Governor or Deputy Governors.

CVII. And be it further enaded, That the Perfons who (hall prefide at any General or other Meeting which (hall be held by virtue of this Ad, for the Purpofe of apportioning the Militia, (hall fet down to the Credit of each Parifh or Place all fuch Men in the faid Account, as by fuch Account or by other fufficient Documents (hall appear to be ferving for the fame; and that the remaining Men (hall be divided by Lot among the feveral Parifhes and Places aforefaid, within the County, or County of a City or Town, in Manner following.; that is to fay, the Perfon prefiding at fuch Meeting (hall

3	caufe

Men broiled ihall not be deemed Militia Men until approved by the Colonel, Sec. and Surgeons*

Difcharging of Pcrfons infirm, See.

although

ballotted*

Returns to

Clerks of Peace by Commanding Officer of the State of the Regiment,

How Men (hall be fet down to Credit of each Parifh, &c. by Ballot, See.



4p*	C. 120.	49®	GEO. HE	A.D.	1809.

caufe the Names of all the Men fo remaining in the faid Lift, after all fuch Credit being given, to be fairly written on diftin& Pieces of Paper, being as near as may be all of equal Size, and rolled in the fame Manner, to be put into a Box ; and they (hall alfo caufe the Names of the feveral Parities or Places on which any Appointment (hall have been made, of the Number of Men to be turnifhed to the Militia, fairly written on diftirft Pieces of Parchment or Paper, being as near as may be all of equal Size, and rolled up in the fame Manner, to be put into another Box, and they or he, as the Cafe may be, (hall caufe One indifferent Perfon, publicklv and fairly to draw a Roil out of one Box, and One other indifferent Prrfon to draw in like Manner a Roll out of the other Box, and the Name of the Perfon fo drawn out of the one Box (hall be immediately fet do vn to the Credit of the Parilh or Place fo drawn out of the other Box, and the Roll containing the Name of fuch Parifh or Place fhall aga n be returned into its Box. rolled up in like Manner aa before, and lo the faid drawing of the Rolls (hall be continued by drawing one o. t of each Box at a Time, always (baking each Box before each Draw, ing, until all the Names contained in the Firil Box (hall be completely drawn and fet down to the Credit of the Parifh or Place refp'&ively with which they (hall be drawn : Provided always, that (o foon during fuch Drawing as there (hall be let down to the Credit altogether of any Pari Hi or Place the fuil Number of the Quota it is to furni(h its Name (hall not be again put into the Box until the whole of the Drawing fhall be over.

Notice of Quotas	CVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That as foon as the Number

and Ballots to	of Men to be raifed from each particular Parifh or Place (hall be

Ckrk^Vl^0na^	afeertained as aforefaid, the Clerk «pf the General Meetings (hall fend

1	.	Notice to every Sub-divilional Clerk of the Quota or Proportion

of Men which each Parilh or Place in his Sub-divifion is to furnifh to the Militia ; and dial! fend a Copy of the Names of the feveral Men fet down to the Credit of each fuch Parilh or Place, fpecifying op-pofite to each Name the di(lin& Caufe of fuch Credit; and every Sub-divifional Clerk fhall refpt&ively lay fuch Copy before the Sbb-divifional Meeting which (hall next meet ior the Purpofe of taking a Ballot.

Vacancies (ball CIX. And be it further ena8ed, That whenever any Vacancy or .be fupplied out Vacancies (hall happen in the Regiment or Battalion of Militia for any of exiiting Lifts. County or.County of a City, or Town, by D,-ath, Dcfertion, or law* ful Difcharge, and it (hall not be provided by Law, or dirc&ed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, that the fame (hall be 6iied by enrolling Volunteers, the Clerk of the Peace (hall, within Seven Days after he (hall receive an Account thereof under the Hand of the Officer commanding the Regiment or Battalion, give Notice thereof to the Clerk of tfie Sub-divilion in which the Parilh or Place where the Perfon or Pcrfors who has or have occafioned fuch Vacancy or Vacancies (hall have beenrefpe&ively fet down to ferve for is fituated, and fuch Clerk (hall fummon a Sub-divifional Meeting to be held within Seven Days, to provide a Man or Men to ferve in his or their Room, and a Man or Meu (hall at every fuch Meeting be chofen by Ballot, to be held in Manner hereinbefore preferibed ; and in cafe any Deferter (hail at any Time return to his Regiment or Battalion, or be taken, he (hall, notwithftanding

any



Google

A.D. 1809;

49* GEO. iit;

C. ltd.

49$

any Perfon (hall fo have been chofen in his Room, be compelled to ferve in the fame Manner and for the faid Term as if no Pcrfon bad been fo chofen in his Room.

CX. And be it further enafted, That if through the Neglt ft of Amendmentof Mi flake of any Chief or High Conftablc, Conftable, or other Perfon, Lifts, and or from any other Caufe, the full Number of Men appointed for any further Ballot, Sub-diviiion fhould not be duly enrolled at any Meeting appointed for that Purpofe, then the Governor or Governors, and Deputy Governors, or any Two or more of them, may and are hereby required immediately to caufe the L’ft to be amended, and to proceed to a frefh Ballot, and to adjourn their Meeting or appoint other Meetings, and repeat the amending of the Lifts as often as may be neceffary and expedient for carrying the PurpoGs of this Aft duly and fully into Execution; and it (hall be lawful for any One Governor or Deputy Admlniftering Governor to adminifter the Oath herein before required to be taken Otthto by Ptrfons to ferve in the Militia, to any Perfon ballotted for under Militia Man, the Dinftions of this Aft, or to any Perfon who, being qualified as this Aft requires, (hall offer to ferve as a Subftitute or Volunteer; and fuch Governor or Deputy Governor is hereby authorized to direft and require the Clerks of the Sub-diviiion for which every fuch Perfon by whom the faid Oath has been taken before him is to ferve, to enrol the Name of every fuch Perfon, together with the Date of the Day on which the faid Oath was fo adminiftered to him, in the Roll of fuen Sub-divifion.

CXI. And be it further enafted, That the refpeftive Clerks of the Sub-divifioti Sub-diviiional Meetings (hall, as foon as the Militia Men are enrolled. Clerks {hall tranfmit to the Clerk of the General Meetings, and to the Colonel of	Lift*	of

Commanding Officer, a Lift, foecify'ng the Names and Trades and aUMeaeurolUd. Places of Abode of all fuch Militia Men a3 are enrolled ; and where there are Subftitutes, the Names, Trades, and Places of Abode of the Perfons in the Room of whom they were enrolled as Subftitutes, in the Form in Schedule C. to this Aft annexed.

CXI I. And be it further enafted, That every Perfon chofen by PerfoxB Billot to ferve in the Militia (hall be liable to fuch Service, although removing, &«. he may have removed from the P.ace where his Name was inferted |hdl fanre foe in the Lift, provided he was rcfiding in fuch Place at the Time when the Lift was according to the Direftions of this Aft prepared 5	1

and every Perton liable to ierve in the Militia having more than One Place of Rtlidence, (hall ferve for the County or Place where his N-ime (hall be firft drawn, as aforefaid.

CXIIL * And, to prevent the Militia Service from fuffering by • ballotted Mtn not appealing purfuant to Notice as aforefaid ;* Be it enaded, That on the Non appearance of* any Perfon drawn by Where ballotted Bdlot as afor-faid. Notice having been given or affixed as aforefaid, Man does not and no Subftitute as aforefaid being produced, the Perfon or Perfons appear, another presiding {hall immediately proceed to choofe another to ferve in his be chafeu. Phce, and fo from Time to Time on every Day appointed for the Appearance of the Perfon fo drawn not appearing until a fufficient Man (hall be enrolled.

CXIV. Provided always, and be it enafted, That every Perfon Blotted Man chofen at any Time by Ballot as aforefaid, who (hall not by virtue of *** appearing this Aft be excufed from ferving or produce a Subftitute, which	*

Subftitute (hall be approved of and enrolled, who (hall not immediately e e * enrol himfelf and join the Regiment* or Battalion, (hall be liable to

feive,



m

Blotted Man ikiling at firfti to appear, may rive Surety to ferve on next Vacancy.

(mbit forties not appearing (hall repay Money received, with Twenty Shillings Penalty.

■Penalty on Tenons refuting to pay their Snbilitutes, 5l.

C.I40.	49°	GEO.	III.	A.D. 1809.

f<rve, not with Banding another Perfon may have been chofen in hi* Room; and it (hall be lawful for any Magiftrate to iffue his Warrant for apprehending him in the Manner and with like Authority as for apprehending a Dcfcrtcr, and upon Convi&ion upon Oath before any Magiftrate that fuch Perfon was ballotted to ferve in the Militia, and not excufed, he (hall be fined in the Sum of Five Pounds, and in cafe of Non-payment thereof, the fame may be levied by Diftrefs of his Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Magiftrate, or he may be committed to the Common Gaol of the County if he (hall be apprehended, there to remain for the Space of Six Months, or until the Commanding Officer (hall defire that he may be fent to the Regiment or Battalion, and the like Reward (hall be paid for apprehending him as for apprehending a Deferter, and he fhall be deemed a Deferter, and fuffer as fuch-

CXV. Provided alfo, and be it eaa&ed, That if any Perfon fp drawn by Ballot, and failing to appear, (hall afterwards voluntarily appear at a Time when the Militia is complete, he (hall be immediately enrolled, and fhaH be bound in the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and fhall find a fufficient Surety to be bound in the Sum of Ten Pound# for his Appearance, and joining the Militia whenever there (hall be a Vacancy, or he (hall be required by the Commanding Officer or Cler& of the Sub-divifion to join, and his Time of Service (hall commence from the Day of his joining; and if he (hall fo fail to bind himfelf, or to find fuch Surety, he (hall be committed by any Magiftrate, Governor, or Deputy Governor, to the Common Gaol of the County, there to remain until he (hall be fent to the Regiment or Battalion (p ferve therein as aforefaid.

CXVI. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon fhall receive Money from any other Perfon to ferve as a Volunteer or Sub-ftitute in the Militia as aforefaid, and (hall negle& to appear at the ufual Meeting appointed for fwearing the Militia Men, or before fome Governor or Deputy Governor, in order to be fwprn according to the Directions of this Adt, every fuch Perfon fo negle&ing to appear and be fworn, being convidtcd thereof before any Governor or Deputy Governor, (hall be obliged to return the Money to the Perfon or Perfons from whom he received it, and (hall alfo forfeit and pay tp fuch Perfon or Perfons any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, at the Difcretion of fuch Governor or Deputy Governor, before whom he fhall be fo eonvidted; and if fuch Offender fhall not immediately return the Money fo by him received as aforefaid, and like wife pay the faid Penalty, he fhall be committed to the Common .Gaol or Houfe of Corre&ion for the Space of Three Months, or until the fame Sum fhall be paid.

CXVII. And be it further enadfced. That if any Perfon chofen by Ballot to ferve in the Militia, fhall have engaged any other Perfon to ferve as his Subllitute, and the Perfon fo chofen by Ballot fhall have agreed to pay to the Perfon fo engaged a certain Sum for fuch Services, and fhall after fuch Subftitute has been enrolled refufe to pay him the full Suer, agreed on, it fhall and may be lawful for any Governor or Deputy Governor, or Juftice of the Peace, on Application made to him, and fuch Governor, Deputy Governor, or Jultipe U hereby required to order fuch Sum of Money as fhall appear to him tp be due to the Perfon fo engaged, to be immediately paid to him by the Perfon or Perfons by or Tgv whom be (hall be eRgftgM* io.forv*

as

 G( ^le

496

A.D.ido>	49#	GEO.	UL	C*no.

as aforefaid $ and in cafe of his refufiog or needing fo to do, to forfeit the Sum of Fire Pounds, and alto the Sum engaged to be paid to the Subftitute, the fame to be levied by Warrant tinder the Hand and Seal of any Governor or Deputy Governor, or JuiLice of the Peace, off the Goods and Chattels of fuch Perfon fo engaging fuch Subftitute.

CXVIII. And be it further enaded. That if any Perfon being fwoin and enrolled to ferve as a ballotted Man, Subftitute, or Volunteer in the Militia, fliail afterwards defert or abfent bimfelf from the Regiment or Battalioo to which he belongs, every fuch Perfon (hall be liable to, and (hall ferve as a Militia Man in fuch Regiment or Batta'ion for and during the full Term for which he (hall be enrolled, to be computed from the Day on which he (hall be apprehended. and (hall alfo be fubjed to fuch other Penalty or Punifhment as (hall be inflided upon him for fuch Offence by virtue of this Ad; and the Commanding Officer of fuch Regiment or Battalion (hall caufe Notice to be given to the Clerk of the Sub divifion for which fuch Perfon was enrolled, of the Day on which he was apprehended ; and fuch Clerk (hall make aa Entry on the Roll of the Militia of the Name of fuch Perfon, and alfo of the Time of bis being fo apprehended.

CXIX. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon, being one of the Perfuafion called Quakers, (hall be chofcn by Ballot to ferve in the Militia, and (hall rciufe or negltd to appear and take the Oath and ferve in the Militia, or provide a Subftitute to be approved of as aforefaid, who (hall take the Oath and fubferibe his Confent to ferve as the Subftitute of fuch Quaker, then and in every fuch Cafe, any Two or more Governors or Deputy Governors (hall, if they (hall think proper, upon as reafonabie Terms as may be, provide and hire a fit Perfon to ferve as a Subftitute for fucb Quaker, and fuch Subftitute (hall take the Oath herein preferibedtor a Subftitute, and fubferibe his Confent to ferve in the Militia for the fame Term, and on the fame Conditions as are herein-before dirtded in the Cafe of Subftitutes produced by Perfooschofen by Ballot; and any Three or more Governors cr Deputy Governors may and are hereby authorized by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Quaker, fuch Sum of Money as (hall be necefTary to defray the Expence of providing and hiring fuch Subftitute, rendering to fuch Quaker the Overplus (if any) after deducing the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale ; and if no Goods or Chattels belonging to fuch Quaker can be found fufficient to levy fuch Diftrefs, and it (hall neverthelefs appear fatisfa&orily to fuch Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, that fuch Quaker is of fufficient Ability to pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, then it (hall be lawful for fuch Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, to commit fuch Quaker to the Common Gaol, there t« remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of Three Months, or until he (hall have paid fuch Sum of Money as fuch Governor or Governor?, or Deputy Governors (hall have agreed to pay to fuch Subftitute as sforefaid; and in cafe any Meafure (hall be ufed in making Diftrefs as aforefaid which (bay be by any fuch Quaker thought opprdfive, it (hall be lawful for fuch Quaker to complain to the Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, at their next Meeiing, who are

hereby

Subftitotee deferring (ball, if retaken, ferve

their fall Period.

Subftitute* {hag be provided for Quakers;

levying the Expence on Quaker’s Goods, Sec.

Appeals hy Quakers to Governors.

 LnOOQle

496

Demands on Quakers under this Aft {hail be made Separately from other Demands.

Fraudulent Apprentices compellable to Serve.

Juftice of Peace may fettle Recompence tD Matters in cafe of Servants enrolling into Miiitia.

C.lio.	49*	GE(3.	HE	A.O.1809I

hereby empowered and required finally to hear and determine the fame.

CXX. And be it further enafted, That in all Cafes where under this Aft any Perfon, being one of the Perfuafion of the People called Quaker*, (hall be required to pay any Sura of Money to be applied to the Purpofes of this Aft, either by the Warrant of any Governor or Deputy Governor as aforefaid, or by the Warrant of the Treafurer of any County, City, or Town, in confequence of any Prefentment of any Grand Jury, or otherwife, the Demand for fuch Sum of Money to be applied to the Purpofes of this Aft (hall be made upon fuch Quaker (if required fo to be by filch Quaker) feparate and dfftinft from any other Demand to which fuel* Quaker may be liable, and {hall and may be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Quaker, feparately and diftinftly from any other Sum or Sums of Money to the Payment of which fuch Quaker may be liable under or by virtue of any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland.

CXX I. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if the Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, (hall at any of their Sub-divifion Meetings receive Information, or (hall fufpeft that any Perfon whofe Name is inferted in any Lift, and deferibed as an Apprentice, has been fraudulently bound Apprentice in order to avoid ferving in the Militia, it (hail be lawful for them to make Inquiry thereof, and to fumiro 1 fuch Perfons as they (hall think necefiary to appear before them at fuch Time and Place as they (hali appoint, and examine fuch Perfons upon Oath 5 and in cafe it (hall appear that fuch Binding was fraudulent, in order to avoid fervingr in the Militia* it (hall be lawful for fuch Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, to appoint fuch Perfon fo fraudulently bound Apprentice to ferve as a Militia Man for the Parifti or Place for which fuch Lift (hall have been returned, if there (hall be a Vacancy, and if there (hall be no Vacancy at that Time, fuch Perfon (hall be immediately enrolled, and (hall be bound in the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and (hall find a fufficient Surety to be bound in the Sum of Ten Pounds for his Appearance, and joining the faid Militia whenever there (hall be a Vacancy, or whenever he (hall be required by the Commanding Officer or Clerk of the Sub-divifion to join j and his Time of Service (hall commence from the Day of his joining; and if he (hall fail to bind himfelf, er to find fuch Surety, he (hall be committed by any Magiftrate, Governor, or Deputy Governor, to the Common Gaol of the County, there to remain until he (hall be fent to the Regiment or Battalion to ferve therein ; and the Perfon to whom fuch Apprent’ce (hall have been fo bound (hail for fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

CXXIl. And be it further enafted, That if any Servant whatfo-ever hired by the Year or otherwife (ha 1 be enrolled as a Militia Man, and any Difpute (hall arife between his Mafter and Miftrefs, Employer or Employers, and fuch Servant, touching any Sum or Sums of Money due to fuch Servant, for or on account of his Service performed before the Time of fuch Swearing or Enrolment, or to fuch Time as under the Conditions of the faid Swearing and Enrolling he (hall be obliged to quit the Service of his faid Mafter or Miltrefs, by being called out to join the Militia in which he (hall have been

5	fworn

• 

C. 120.

497

A.D.1809.	490 GEOi III.

fworn and enrolled, it fhall and may be lawful, on the Complaint made thereof within Three Months from the Time of quitting the faid Service to any Juttice of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Town, or P»ace where fuch Matter, Miftrefs, Employer or Employers (hall inhabit, for fuel*. Jultice to hear and determine every fuch C >mp'aint, and to examine upon Oath every fuch Servant, or any other Witncfs or Witr.efTes touching the fame, and to make fuch Order for the Payment of Inch Wages to fuch Servait, in proportion to the Service he has pe formed, as to fuch Juttice fhall feem ^juft and reafonable, provided the*Sum in cjueftion docs not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds ; and in cafe of Refufal or Omiffion to pay any Sums fo ordered by the Space of Twenty-one Days next after fuch Determination, fuch Juttice fhall and may iflue forth his or their Warrant to levy the fame by Dittrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Matter or Mi it Ms, Employer or Employers, rendering the Overolus to the Owner or Owners, after Payment of the Charges Of fuch Dittrefs and Srle.

CXXIIl. And be it further enabled, That whenever any Militia Man, after having been fworn and enrolled, fhall become unfit for Service, it (hall be lawful for the Colonel or‘Commaacting Officer of any Regiment or Bvttabon to which fuch Militia Man Avail belong, together with Two or more Deputy Governors of the County to which fuch Regiment or Battalion fhall belong, if the fiid Regiment cr Battalion fhall be then wirh'n the faid County, or for the laid Commanding Oftt er aLne, by the Ordrr of the Officer commanding His Maj fly's Forces in I?eland> if the faid Regiment or Battalion fliall be abfent from fuch County or County of a City, to difeharge any fuch Militia Man from fuch Regiment or Battalion: Provided always, that no Man lhatt be ballotted for to fupp'y the Vacancy caufed by any Man being fo difeharged, until fuch Dlfchcrge fhall be approved by the Depute Gvjvernors, at a Meeting for the Subdivi-fion for which fuch Man lo difeharged was enrolled ; and fuch Approbation fhall be entered and recorded in the Proceedings of fuch Subdivillon Meeting.

CXXTV. * And Whereas may be more eligible that the necefTary

*	Number of Men for any f\»r(h or Fiace, either at forming any ‘ Regiment or Battalion, or tor fupplying any Vacancy or Vacancies

*	therein, fhou d be raifed by Means of Affcfiment than by Ballot f Be it therefore enabled. That it fhall be lawful for the Inhabitants of any Parifh in Ireland, having one or more Churchwarden or Churchwardens, with the Conlent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland\ fignified by his or their Chief Secretary, at a Vtftry Meeting to be held for that Purpofe, of which S.-ven Days Publick Notice fhall be given, fpeeifying the Caufe of calling fuch Meeting, and which Meeting every Churchwarden of fuch Parifh is hereby feverally required to fummoti, to order to be levied by AfTeffment upon the Parifh fuch Sums as they fhall think proper, not exceeding in the Whole the Amount of the Average Price of a Substitute (fuch Average Price to be fixed in Manner hereinafter mentioned) for every Man dire&ed to be raifed as the Quota of fuch Parifh, and to apply the fame as they (hall think fit for providing a fufficient Number of Men to ferve aa SubftitUtes or Volunteers for fuch Parifh, according to the Quota fp to be raifed in fuch Parifh as aforefaid; and it fhall be lawful for the

49 Geo. HI.	]v	k	faid

DifchargingMen from Regiments when unfit for Service.

Lord Lieutenant may authorize Veftry AfT-H-ments for railing Men.

 <^.ooQLe

49*

Fixing Price for Pubftitntes,

according to Limitation by Lord Lieutenant.

Volunteer Subltittnes procured (hall lie enrolled.

C.I30.	49°	GEO.	Ill*	A.D.	1809*

faid Inhabitants at the faid Vcftry Meeting, to appoint one or more Perfon or Pcrfons to dired and fuperinterd the Application of fuch Sum for fuch Purpofes, purfuant to the Order of fuch Vtftrv y and all fuch Sums (hall be forthwith raifed and levied in like Manner, and by ail fuch Means, Powers, Authorities, and P rfons, and with all fuch Remedies, in cafe of any Refufai or O r..flion to pay the fame, as any Parifh Cefs may by Law be raifed and levied in Ireland, the Overplus (if any) or fuch Part as may from any Reafon remain undifpofed of to be applied to any fuch parochial Purpofes to which a Parifh Cefs may bv Law be applied, as the Vcffry of fuch Pari(h fhali at any future Meeting to be called for that Purpofe dired.

CXXV. And be it further enadtd, That the Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors of each Conrty or City, or fuch of them as (hall duly preiide at any General Meeting to be holder) as herein-before directed for the Purpofes of this Ad, (hall, whenever they fhall think proper fa to do, fix and declare what in their Judgement (hall appear to them to be a fair and reafonablc Sum to be paid as the avtrage Price of a Subffitute or Volunteer in the faid Militia ; and fuch Sum fo fixed and declared fhall be and continue to be the average Price of fuch Substitutes for fuch County or City, until the fame fhall be otherwife ordered at any fubfequent Meeting: Provided always, that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or othtr Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, whenever he or they fhall think proper fo to do, to fix and afeertain, either generally or for any particular County, or County of a City or Town, any Sum or Sums as a Limit or Limits above which refptdwely fuch Average fhall not be made.

CXXVI. And be it further enaded, That the Churchwardens or any Inhabitant of fuch Parifh fhall and may produce fuch Subftituus or Volunteers fo provided as aforefaid, before any Deputy Governor of the Subdivifion, at any Time on or previous to the Day appointed for'choofing the Men by Ballot in fuch Subdivion in purfuance of this Ad, and that it fhall and may be lawful for any Pci Tons to provide Volunteers to ferve for any Subdivifion, or any of the Dittr&a therein, and to produce fuch Volunteers, or for any Perfons willing to ferve to offer themfelves to ferve for any fuch Divifion, ar d to apoear before any fuch Deputy Governor wiihin fuch Time and at fuch Place as aforefaid; and every Perlon fo produced or appearing, who fhall be approved of by the faid Deputy Governors as aforefaid, (hail and may be enrolled to ferve as one of the Quota of fuch Parifh or Divifion ; and fuch Deputy Governor before whom any fuch Volunteer fhall be enrolled, (hall caufe the Clerks of the Meetings for the refpedive Subdivifions to enrol the Names of all fuch Volunteers as fhall be fo entered within the refpedive Subdivifion?, before the Time appointed for ballotting the Men within the fame; provided however, that if the full Quota then required to be raifed fhall not be raifed by the Ways aforefaid, or by any of them, in or for any fuch Parifh or Subdivifion, by or before the Time appointed for ballotting for fuch Parifh or Divifion, the Men that fhall have been fo raifed (if any) fhall be deemed and taken as Part of the Quota of fuch Parifh or Divifion, and the Ballot (hail proceed for the Refidue of fuch Quota*

CXXVII. * And Whereas by reafon of certain Diftrids in the

•	County of Dublin being Extra»parochial, and alfo becaufe certain

*	Parts of the faid County have been put unde* the Regulations

3.	5 and.



Google

499

A.D.i$o9«	49°	GEO.	III.	C.120.

•	and AffefTmrnts of the Paving Board, and are thereby exonerated

•	from paying Grand Jury Cefs for the Repair of the Highways in

•	the faid County, fuch Affrffraents cannot he made therein in Manner ‘ aforefdid for the railing the Number of Men allotted to fuch Dif-

•	tri<5b and Places to ferve as S lbftitutes in the Militia of the faid

•	Countv : And Whereas linrlar Difficulties occur in different Places

•	and Parilh?* in Ireland, by reafon of fuch Places being Extra-

•	Darochial, or fuch Parilhes not having any Churchwardens or regular

•	Veftry therein, or otherwife Be it therefore enabled, Tnat in every fuch Cafe the Treafurer of the County or County of a City (hall make out and deliver to any refidtr.t Inhabitant or Inhabitants of fuch Town, Parilh, or Place refpe&vcly, his Warrants for railing from the Inhabitants th^reo1 rcfp^&ively the Sums nereffary for procuring the Number oi Subllitutes 'cquired of fuch Diilri&3 or Places relp-ftively, at the faid average Price thereof; and thereupon it lhall ar.d may be lawful for the faid refidin^ Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or any of them, w;thin Three Diys of the Time of ferving the faid Warrant, to caufe to b? polled on the D >or of the Church of fuch Parilh or of any Parilh adjoining to fuch Place, a Notice, requiring at a Time and PBce to be therein mentioned, not more than Five nor lefs than Three Day* from the putting of fuch Notice, a Meeting of fuch P. rfous within fuch District, Place, or Parilh, who would be entitled to compofe a Veftry, if any fuch there were, or if fuch Veftry were to meet therein, and to dire& them to appoint Applotters to applot on the whole of fuch Place or Parilh (whether under the Regulations of the Paving Board if in the County of Dublin or not) the Sum fo required to be levied by faid Warrant, fuch Applotment to be levied in the Manner in which Parilh Ceffes are applotted, and alfo to appoint any Pcrfon or Perfons to fuperintend the Application of the Sums fo to b? raifed, and to return the faid Applotment within Ten Days from the Date of the faid Notice to the faid Treafurer; and in cafe fuch Applotment (hall not be made and delivered to the faid Treafurer, or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons (hail not be fo nominated to fuperintend the Application of the Sums fo to be raifed* within the aforefaiJ Time, then and in either of fuch Cafes it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Treafurer to direct and authorize any Perfon whom he Hull think proper to make fuch Applotment himfelf, in like Manner as ahvefaid, and to verify the fame by Oath before any Magiftrate of faid County, that the fame was made to the belt of his Skill and Knowledge ; and it lhall alfo be lawful for the faid Treafurer to appoint fuch Perfon or Perfons as he lhall think proper to fuperintend the Application of the Sums to be levied; and it lhall and may be lawful for any Perfon duly authorized by the faid Treafurer to levy the fame, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfons liable to pay the faid Affeffments, whether the Applotment lhall have been made by the Perfon appointed at fuch Meeting or by any Perfon appointed by the faid Treafurer as aforefaid ; and in cafe any Part of any Sum fo railed lhall by any Means remain unapplied to the faid Purpofes, the fame lhall be placed by the faid Treafurer to the Credit of fuch Place, as an Advance oa account of any future publick Ctfs, and in cafe any of the faid Perfons refpe&ively lhall refnfe or negle& to perform all and every Matter required hereby*' tack of them fo offending (hall be fubjeft to a. Penalty of One hundred

K k 2	Pounds*

Afleflinent* for

fuch 1‘urjjofes in Extra-parochial Places, &c.



foo

Applotment of fuchAffe Aments.

Copies of Affeflinents.

Lord Lieutenant may allow Militia to be raifed or fupplied by Volunteers.

•Lord Lieutenant may order Commanders of Kegiments to

receive Volun*

C. 12cr.	49® GEO. 111.	A.D.x fop.

Pounds, to be recovered in any of His Majefty’s fuperior Courts of Record in Dublin.

CXXVIIL Provided always, and be it enadbd, That if it (hall appear fitting to the G overnors and Deputy Governors of any fuch County at a G neral Meeting duly r.ffc robltd, thry mav by YVriting under the Hands of any Three or more of them, dirc& the faid Trea-furer to divide the Sum fo apolnttrd to be levied at Two diftintt Periods within the Year, fuch Periods to be regulated according to-the Times that the Countv Crfs is ufually collected and levied v and in Cafes where Houks or Buildings have been er-£Ld on the whole or any Part of the feveral Par fh:S, Diliri&s, or P aces in the County of Dublin, which have been laid out f-'r the building of Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, or Publick PaiTages, the Aoplotters, or the Perfon fo appointed by the Tre*!urer, as the Cafe mav he, are hereby required to applot a prop rtionahle Part of the Sura to be collect: d for the faid Purpofe on the faid Houfes and Buildings, at a Rate not exceeding Two Shillings for every F:ve Pounds that they may eftimate the faid Houfts or Buildings to be worth annually.

CXXIX. And be it further tnafted, That the Cieiks of all Sub-divifional Meetings (hall, within Eight Days after every Subdivilion Meeting, tranfmit to the Clerk of the General Meeting of the County, fair and tmj Copies of (uch Rolls as (hall be figned at fuch Meeting, and the other Proceedings thereof.

CXXX Provided always, and be it further ena&rd, That whenever it (hall be neeeffary to raife Men for the faid Mi'itia, or for any of the faid Regiments or Battalions thereof, not exceeding the original Numbers required by this A&, either at the forming thereof, or to fill any Vacancy or Vacancies, it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to dire& and appoint by any Order or Proclamation to be iffued for that Purpofe, that the ntceffary Number of Men, either for the whole, or any Regiment or Battalion of the faid Militia, (hall be raifed by the enrolling and receiving Volunteers • and every fuch Order or Proclamation, if not extending to the whole of the faid Militia, (hall fpecify the feveral Regiments or Battalions for which fuch Men (hall be fo raifed, by the enrolling and receiving .Volunteers.

CXXXI. ‘ And in order to carry fuch Order or Proclamation into 1 Effect;7 Be it ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or othrr Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to iffue his Orders to ail or any of the feveral Colonels and other Commanding Officers of the refpe&ive Regiments or Battalions of Militia.in Ireland, or fuch of them as (hall be included in fuch Proclamation or Order, requiring him or them, without* Delay, to proceed to *nrol a certain Number of Volunteers, not exceeding in any Cafe the Etlabliffiments of their refpe&ive Regiments or Battalions at the Time of fuch Order; and for that Purpofe it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to iffue his Orders to the Lords Commifiioners of the Treafury.of Ireland^ requiring them to advance from Time to Time to fuch Colonels or ether Commanding Officer or Officers of the different Regiments or Battalions of MUitia in Ireland, fuch Sum or Sums of Money as may be

directed

 c^ooQle

A.D.i8©9*	49° GEO. IIL	C.:i2o.

dire&cd by fuch Order, not exceeding fuch Sum a« (hall at fueh Time be fixed and declared as the average Price of a Subftitute, in Manner herein-before mentioned.

CXXXII. And be it further enafted, That upon fuch Order being iffutd as aforefaid, the feveral Colonels or Commanding Officer or Officers of the faid Regiments to whom the fame (hall extend, (hall immediately proceed to mbit and enroll within their refpe&ive Counties or Counties of Cities fuch Volunteer?, being able-bodied Mm, not lefs than Five Feet Four inches in Height, and not more than Forty-five Years of Age, as can be procured, giving to each Man by way of B unty, any Sum not exceeding the Price of a Subftitute as aforefaid*, One Half of fuch Bounty to be paid to every fuch Volunteer at the Time of his enrolling himf If in any fuch Regiment or Battalion of Militia, and the Refidue thereof to be paid to every fuch Volunteer on his firtt Appearance at the Time and Place to be ap. pointed for the affembling or exercifing of the Regiment or Battalion in which fuch Volunteer (hall be enrolled, which Sum the faid Colonels or Officers are hereby authorized to advance and pay to fuch Volunteers in Manner aforefaid j and it is hereby declared, that the faid Sum to be paid to every Mm fo enrolled and enlilled is over and above and altogether diftindt from the Marching Guinea to which fuch Man may be or become entitled.

CXXXfll. And be it further ena&ed, That whenever any fuch Orders (hall be iffued for enrolling Volunteers, it (hall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the T me being, to iflue his or their Order or Orders to the Loids Comm ffioners of the Treafury of Ireland, requiring them to advance to the feveral Colonels or Commanding Officers of the different Regiments or Battalions of Nfditia in Ireland, for defraying the neceffary Expence of procuring and enrolling fuch Volunteers, any further Sum or Sums of Monty which may be dire&ed in any fuch Order, not exceeding the Rate of O ie P^und One Shilling for every private Man who may be from Time to Time fo enrolled, over and above the Bounty and the Marching Guinea to which fuch Volunteer may be entitled: Provided always, that no fuch Volunteer (hall be entitled to or receive any Part of fuch further Sum, nor any greater or higher Bounty than as aforefaid.

CXXXIV. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That it (hall not be lawful to or for any Colonel or other Commanding Officer or Officers of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, or to or for any other Perfon or Perfons wbatfoever in his or their Behalf, to advance or to engage to advance, or give any greater or larger Sum of Money than as aforefaid, or to give or protmfe, or undertake to give any other or larger Bounty or Reward than the feveral Sums aforefaid, for the Purpofe of inducing any Man to enrol himfelf as a Volunteer.

CXXXV. And be it further ena&ed, That every Man fo enrolled (hall, in the Prefence of fomc one Governor, Deputy Governor, Juftice of the Peace, or Magiftrate acting for the County or City to which the Regiment or Battalion in which he (hall be enrolled (hall belong, take and fubferibe the fame Oath a3 is herein-before directed to betaken by a Subltitute or Volunteer m any Regiment or Battalion of the faid Militia.

CXXXVI. And be it further cnafted, That the feveral Colonels or other Commanding Officer or Officers (hall keep or caufe to be

K k 3	kept

5*01

Commanders fhall proceed to raife Volunteers on Bounty,

* See § 125.

Lord Lieutenant may require Treafury to advance the Money for Bounty,

No greater Bounty fliall be given.

Volunteers fhaH be fworn as jVJihtia Men,

Colonels fhall transmit Lifts of Volunteers to Chief Secret Office.



50a

C. 130.

49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809*

Chief Secretary {hall tranfmit fuch Lifts to Treafurers of Counties, to be by them laid before Grand Juries, and Prefcn tments of the Amount of Bounty advanced {hall be made accordingly.

kept true and regular Entries of the Names, Additions, Places of Refi it nee, Parifh and other Defcriptions of the Perfons they (hall enrol as aforefaid, and the feveral Sums which (hall have been advanced and paid to fuch Perfons refpe&ively, and (hall tranfmit regular Copies of fuch Entries, certified by them refpe&ively, as well as by the Adjutant and Pavmafterof the Regiment or Battalion refpe&ivtly, to the Office of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland.

CXXXVII. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Chief Secretary fhall caufe Copies of the Returns of the Men thus enrolled, and the Sums advanced to fuch Men refpeftively, to be tranfmitted to the feveral and refpe&ive Treafurers for the fevtral Counties and Counties of Cities and Towns in Ireland, Ten Days at leaft previous to the then next enfuiog General Affixes, which fhall not commence within fuch Ten Days; or if to the Treafurer of the County and City of Dublin, within Fourteen Days previous to the then next prefenting Term, which fhall not commence within fuch Fourteen Days; and the faid feveral Treafurers fhall, and they are hereby refpe&ively required to lay the faid Returns before the Judges of Affize on the Commiffio i Day of fuch Affizes, or in the County and City of Dublin before the Court of King’s Bench, on the Firft Day of fuch Term, and before the refpe&ive Grand Juries for fuch Counties or Counties of Cities and Towns fhall be fworn ; and the faid Judges or the faid Court, as the Cafe may be, fhall and they are hereby required to give the fame, except as herein-aftcr excepted, in charge to the faid Grand Juries, in order that the Sums thus expended may be prefented and raifed off the faid Counties or Counties of Cities or Towns, or any Barony or Baronies, Parifh or Parifhes therein re-fpe&ively as fuch Grand Juries refpe&ively fhall think proper, which fair! Prefentments the faid refpe&ive Grand Juries are hereby refprcU ivcly authorized and required to make, unlefs the Amount of the Sum thus to be raifed fhall appear to the faid refpe&ive Grand Juries too large to be raifed at one Affizes, or at one prefenting Term, within the refpe&ive Counties or Counties of Cities or Towns, in which Cafe it fhall and may be lawful for the faid feveral Grand Juries, by and with the Concurrence of the Judges of the faid Affixes, or the (aid Court, to prefent any Part of fuch Sum, not lefs than one Moiety thereof, at fuch Affizes or Terms, and the Refidue fhall in like Manner be given in charge and prefented by the Grand Jury of fuch County or County of a City or Town, or Grand Juries of fuch refpedtive Counties or Counties of Cities or Towns, as the Cafe may be, at the then next enfuing Affizes or prefenting Term; and in cafe the Grand Jury of any County or County of a City or Town fhall, after the Judges of the Court fhall have given the fame in charge to them, omit, negledt, or refufe to prefent the fame, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Judges of Affize, or the Court of King’s Bench refpc&ively, and thty are hereby refpe&ively required to order and dired the Treafurer of fuch County or County of a City, to include the w hole of fuch Sum, and return the fame among the Prefentments of the County, fo that the fame fhall be raifed and levied forthwith; and it fhall not be lawful to traverfe any fuch Prefentmcnt: Provided always, that within every County of a City and County of a Town all Sums fo prefented fhall and may be raifed by an Affeffraent on Houfes and Land, according to a Valuation

of

 v^ooQle

A.D. 1809.	490	GECL IIL	C.no.

of the fame refpe&ively, in fuch Manner as fuch Grand Jury (hall from Time t-» Time order and dire6l.

CXXXVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That the federal Trea-furers of the refpediive Counties and Counties of Cities and Towns as aforefaid, (hall collect and receive the faid fev?r%l Sums, and (hall forthwith pay the fame to the Collcdlor of Excife for fuch County or County of & City or Town ; or in cafe there (hall be in any County Two or more Diftrifts, with Two or more Collr&ors refpt&ively, or Parts of fuch Diliridts, then to the Colli A >r of that Part of fuch County in which the County Town is fituate : and every fuch Colltdlor (hall, and he is hereby required to give a Receipt tor all Sums of Money that (hall be fo paid to him as aforefaid, and fuch Receipt (hall be lodged among the Records of fuch County, and (hall be a Difcharge and Acquittance to fuch Comity for all fuch Mvi as (ha-1 bt fo raifed, for the Time for which they (hall be fo enrolled to ferve as aforefaid, unlcfs Vacancies (hall occur by Death, Dcfertion, or lawful Difcharge,

CXXXIX ♦ And Whereas feveral Regiments and Battalions of

♦	Militia have been augmented in Manner herein-Sefore mentioned, ♦■to the Eiiablifhm^nt of One Hundred Rank and File per Company,

♦	with the nfual Proportion of Qommiffioned and Non-commiflioned

♦	Officers, and the Refidue of the faid Regiments and Battalions,

♦	or any of them, may hereafter be fo augmented ;* Be it ena&ed. That whenever any Vacancy or Vacancies (hall occur by Death, De-fertion, or lawful Difcharge, in any Regiment or Battalion which (hall have been or (hall be fo augmented, during the Continuance of fuch Augmentation, fuch Vacancies (hall from T’.me to Time be filled up by enroU’ng Volunteers, and not by ballotting, and for that Purpofe it (hall and may he lawful for the feveral Colonels or Commanding Officers of fuch Regiments to procure and enrol Volunteers to fill up fuch Vacancies, and to make Returns in Manner h^rein-before diredled, which Returns (hall be f nt and given in Charge to the feveral Grand Juries refpe&ively in Marnier afor.-faid, and the feveral Grand Juries of the Counties or Counties of Citiep, at the refpc&ive enfuing Affixes pr prefenting Term, (hall thereupon prefent fuch Sum of Money as (hall be fufficient to reimburfe and repay Seven Tenth Parts of the Money Tq advanced, at the Rate aforefaid, under the Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, for the procuring and enrol.ing fuch Volunteers to fupply fuch Vacancies, or in default of fuch Prefentment the Judge of Affize or the Court (hall order and diredl rhe Treafurer of the County, or County of the City, to include fuch Sum, and return the fame among the Preferments thereof, fo that the fame (hall be raifed and levied forthwith ; and every fuch Sum (hall be levied, coU ledled, and received by the Treafurers of the Counties or Counties of Cities, and paid by them to the Cdhftors of Excife, in like Manner as is herein-Sefore dirt died with refp<& to the other Sums directed to be prefented, levied, collcdled, and paid, under the Authority of this Adi: Provided always, that in any County, County of a City or Town, where the Militia Men fervirig fh^H have been or (hall be apportioned in Manner herein-before diredled. among the feveral Parifhes and Diftridfcs, it (hall and may be lawful to proceed from Time to Time by Ballot, for the filling up of Vacancies for the. original Quota of fuch County, County of a City or Town; and that all Vacancies arifing in the augmented Number* (hall be filled up by the

K k 4	Volunteers,

5C3

Levying of Sums to be prefented.

Vacancies In augmented * Regiments fliall be filled up by Volunteers, and Steven-Tentfis of the Expence fhall be levied by Prefentment on the Counties.

Vacancies in original Quota may be fupplied by Ballot:

In Augmentation by Volunteers, under

44 G. 3. C. 33.

 CjOOQle

5°4

The embodying < 1 any Mi’itia n ay he fuf-j ended, &.C.

Fine on County of lOl. per Annum for every Man deficient.

Fines (hall be

paid into the Treafury, and accounted for to Parliament.

Fines may be applied under Order of Lord Lieutenant iu 1 roviding Subftitutes. -

C. 12o«	49°	QEQ.	III.	A.D.	1809,

Volunteers, in fuch Manner as is dirc&ed by the faid recited Aft of the Fv rty-fouith Year, intituled, An Acl for empowering Hr* Majejly to direft the Augmentation of his Militia Forces in Ireland, to an Extent therein limited; any Thing herein-btfore contained to the contrary notwithllanding.

CXL. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if it (hall be deemed inexpedient by His Majetty, or the Lord lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, in Council, to raife, embody, c r continue any Regtment or Battalion of Militia in any County or City in Ireland\ it (hall be lawful tor H s Majctty, or for the faid Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ire-land hr the Time being, by and with the Advice of tlu Privy Council of Ireland, to forbid the railing or embodying of fuch JGgiment or Bittal'on, and to Hay all Proceedings therein for fuch Time ?s fhall h- deemed expedient, or to order tlm a;! or any of the faid Regiments or Batcalions flnli bt difembodied and whojly ceafe and determine | any Tiling in this Adi to the contrary in any wife notwithflanding.

CXLI. And be it further enabled, That if it fhall happen in any * Cafe that the Number of Militia Men duly appointed or to be appointed to be raifed for any Regiment or Battalion of Militia of Ireland\ (ball not be raifed within Three Calendar Months from and after the Time when the fame ought to be raifed by Ballot as aforefaid, or within Four Months from the Date of the Order for raifing the fame by enrolling Volunteers, then and in every fuch Cafe tbe County or County of a City or Town in which fuch Number of Militia Men ought to be raifed, (hall be charged with the Payment of the yearly Sum of Ten Pounds for and in lieu of every private Militia Man fa deficient; and upon Proof on Oath liril laid by any Governor or Deputy Governor of fuch Deficiency before the Judges of Affize, or in the County or City of Dublin, before the Court of King’* Bench,* it fhall be lawful for fuch Judge of Affize and fuch Court, and they are hereby refpedtively required to line the County or County of a. City or Town, or fuch Diftndt, Baronies or Barony, or Parifh or Parifhes thereof in which fuch Negledi (hail happen, in a Sum after the Rate of Ten Pounds for any Private Man lo deficient, and to repeat the faid Fine annually fa long as the faid Deficiency (hall continue,, which Fine or Fines (hall be eftreated into His	Exchequer,

and iffued in Procefs, and (hall be duly levied by the Sheriff or other Officers refpe&ively to whom fuch Procefs (hall be dire&ed refpe&-ively ; and it fhall not be lawful for the Barons of the Exchequer or Commiffioners of Reducement, on any Account, to take off, releafe or reduce fuch Fine or Fines, or any Parts thereof.

CXLII. And be it further ena&ed, That all fuch F-nes, and all other Fines, hereby impofed, when, cot otherwife exprefsly dire&ed, fhall, when levied, be paid into His Majetty’s Treafmy, and fhall be kept feparate and apart from all other Monty, and fhall be accounted for Yearly to Parliament; and no Fee 01; Gratuity whatfoever fhall be given or paid to any Officer of the Exchequer for or on account of receiving or iffuing any fuch Money : Provided always, that fuch Money, or any Part thereof, may be applied by or under the Ordcra of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, if he or they fhall think proper, in providing Subftituces or Volunteers to ferve in tbe Militia for the Counties, Counties of Cities, or Diftrift, frdra which fuch Fines refpc&ively



A.D.i8©9.	4p°	GEO.	III.	C.t2*.	50$.

fhall have accrued, by applying the fame refpeftivcly, or in Eafc and Diminution thereof, either in addition to the Bounties heroin-before mentioned refpeftivcly, or partly in the one Wav and partly in the other, in fuch Manner as the Lord Lieutenant or other Cnief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being fhall direft.

CXLIII. And be it further enabled, That in all Cafes where any exceeding other Mode of Proceeding is not hereby provided, all Fines, Penalties, 20!. recoverable and Forfeitures, by this Aft impofed, which fhall exceed the Sum *n * Court of of Twenty Pounds, fhall be recovered by Aftion of Debt, Bill,	1101

Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majefty’s fuperior Courts of beforea5uft^ Record at Dublin, wherein no EfToign, Privilege or Proteftion,

Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance fhall be allowed ; and that all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this A ft impofed, which (hall not exceed the fum of Twenty Pounds. fhal>, upon due Proof of the Offence btfore any Juftice of the Peace of the County where the Offence fhall be committed, be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Jo (lice, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charge of fuch Diftrefs and Sate, to the Perfon whofe Goods and Chattels fhall have been fo diftrained and fold ; and for Want of fuch Diftrefs fuch Juftice is hereby required, in all Cafes where no particular Time of Commitmert is herein-brfore direfted, to commit fuch Offender to the Common Gaol of the County where the Offence fhall have been committed, for any Time not exceeding Three Months; and the Money arifing by all fuch Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not otherwise direfted by this Aft. fhall be paid to the Co’bftors of Excife, and accounted for and paid over by them as all other Monies received by them refp- ftively.

CXLIV. And be it further enafted, That if any Treafurer of any Penally on County, any Clerk of the Peace, or any Colhftorof His Majefty’s Treafurers, Revenue, or of any County or County of a C ty, Barony or Half Ba-rony, fhall refnfe or knowingly negleft to do any Matter or Thing *5	'*	100	#

required by this Aft to be done by him, or fhall wilfully omit to carry any of the Provilions in this A A refpefting himfelf or his Office into execution, and fhall be thereof convifted by information or Indiftment at the Affixes or King's Bench fn the County or County of the City of Dublin, he fhall be fined any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, at the Difcretion of the Court.

CXLV. And be it further enafted, That all Conviftions made by any Governor, or Deputy Governor, or Juftice of the Peace, under this Aft, fhall be in the Form here following, or in fome other Form to that or the like Effeft; that is to fay,

*	BE it remembered,	on the	Day of	Form of

*	in the Year	at	in	the	ConvJ&ion

f County [or, County of a City or Town] of	under this

‘ A. B. of	was	convifted	before me E. F. the

f Governor, [or, One of the Governors, or, One of the Deputy Go-f vernors, or, of the Juftice of the Peace] of the faid County [or

*	County of a City] for that on the	Day of

f at	in	the	faid	where the faid A. B.

* did [here Jiate the Offence]. In Witnefs whereof, I thefaid E- F.

*	have hereunto fet my Hand and Seal, this	Day	of

f in the Year of our Lord

Which

 v^ooQle

50 6

Con visions fliall not be removed by Certiorari.

limitation of Actions, &c.

Six Months.

General I ffu*.

Treble Coils.

Penalty of Perjury on fdfe Oaths.

Commencement

•f Aa.

C.iao#	490 GEO. III.,	A.D.1809.

Which Conviftion, or any other Form of Conviftion to that or the like Effcft, (hall be good, valid, and cffeftual in Law, without fetting out the Evidence, or dating any other Matter more particularly or otherwife than as aforefaid.

CXLVI. And be it further enafted, That no Order or Conviftioif made by any Governor or Governors, or by any Juftice or Juftic^s of the Peace, under or by virtue of this Aft, (hall be removed by Certiorari or other W>it or Procefs, out of the County, City, or Place wherein fuch Order or Conviftion was made, into any of Hit Majefty’a fuperior Courts of Record in Dublin; and that no Writ of Certiorari or other Writ (hall fuperfede any Execution or other Proceedings upon any fuch Order or Convftion fo made in pur-fuance of this Aft. hut that the Execution (hail be made thereupon; any fuch Writ or Writs, or Allowance thereof nptwithftanding.

CXLVII. And be it further enafted, That if any Aftion (hall be brought againfl any Perfon or P^rfons for any Thing done in pur-fuance of this Aft, fuch Aftion or Suit fhaU be commenced within Six Months next after the Faft comm tted, and not afterwards* and (hall' be laid in the County or Place where the Caufe of Complaint did arife, and not elfewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in evety fuch Aftion or Suit may plead the General Iffue, and giye this Aft and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon ; and in any fuch Aftion or Suit, if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his or their Aftion or Suit after tne Defendant or Defendants (hall have appeared, Judgment (hall be given againfl the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants (hall have Treble Colls, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant hath in other Cafes to recover Cods by Law.

CXLVIil. And be it further enrftfd, That in all Cafes in the Execution of this Aft, when any Matter or Thing is direfted to be inquired of or examined into, upon the Oath or Affirmation of any Witnefs or Wimeffes, before any Governor of any County, or any Deputy Governor or Governors, or Juftice or Juftices ot the Peace, they and every of them is aod arc hereby refpeftively authorized to adminifter fuch Oath or ‘Affirmation to any Witne^i or Witoeffes; and that all other Oaths or Affirmations to be taken, in purfuance of this Aft (hall and may be refpeftively adminittered by any Governor or Deputy Governor; and every Perfon who (hall knowingly or willingly take any falfe Oath or Affirmation in any Matter required by this Aft, and be thereof convifted, (hall fuffer the Penalties of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

CXLIX. And be it enafted. That this Aft, and the fcveral Claufes, Provi(ion8, Matters, and Things therein contained, (hall commence, take effeft, and be of force from and after the Expiration of one Calendar Month after the palling thereof, and not fooncr.

SCHE.



A.D.1809

C. 120.

49° GEO. III.

507

SCHEDULES to which this A£t refers,

SCHEDULE (A.)

County of

RETURN of all Mile Prrfon* rrfidintr within the Parfh of	between

the Are of Sixteen and Forty-five Yean.

Names or Common Appellation.	Reputed  A$e.	1  'Street anil Place of Abode.	Tiade or Occupation.	Exemption, it any, and what.	If married, No. of Childreh under 14 Years of Age.	Observation*.
						

SCHEDULE (B.)

County of

RETURN of Perfoa8 fit or liable to ferve in the Militia for the County of

Names of Parilhea.	Number fit.	
		

SCHEDULE (C.)

County of

RETU RN of Men enrolled to ferve for the Militia for the Subdivilion of Parilh of

Names of Met).			Date of Enrolmeut.	Where  refiding.	Trade.	Age.	Size.	Observations.
Principals.	Substitutes.	Volunteer*.						
								

CAP.

 t^ooQle

46 0.3. e. 13^. § 3. That ftrikinjr a Pocket fhall be Notice of a prior Act of Bankruptcy, repealed.

Executions and Attachments againft Inflates of Bankrupts levied more than Two Months before Commiffion (hall lie valid, not-withftanding a prior A£t Bankruptcy.

5 O. 2. C. 30. § 32.

CAP. CXXI.

An A& to alter and amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts.

[2oth June 1809.3

WHEREAS by an Aft of Parliament pafT d in the Forty-fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled,

4 An AS to amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts, it is among!! other 4 Things provided. That the ltriking of a Docket for the Purpofe * of ifluing a Comm ffion, whether any Ccmmillion lhali have aftually 4 ifTued thereupon or rot, (ball be deemed N Tice of a prior Aft of * Bankruptcy, for the Purppfes of the laid Aft, if it fhould appear 4 that an Aft of Bankruptcy had been aftually committed at the 4 Time of ftriking fuch Docket: And whereas the aforefaid Pro-* vilion in the faid Aft hath not been attended with the good Effcfts • which were expefted therefrom5’ Be it enafted by the King’s moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempora’, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid Aft, fa far a$ the fame is herein-btfore recited, (ball be and th$ fame i$ hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid. That in all Cafes of Comnuffioits of Bankrupt hereafter to be iflued, ail Executions and Attachments againft the Lands apd Tenements, or Goods and Chattels of the Bankrupt, bond fide executed or levied more than Two Calendar Months bt-fore the Date and ifluing of fuch Commiffion, (hall be valid and effeftual, not with* Handing a&y prior Aft of Bankruptcy committed by fuch Bankrupt," in like Manner as if no fuch prior Aft of Bankruptcy had committed ; provided the Pefon, at whofe Suit fuch Execution or Attachment lhali have iflued, had not at the Time of executing or levyirg the fame any Notice of any prior Aft ol Bankruptcy by fuch Bankrupt committed, or that he was infoivent or had Itopped Payment: Provided always that the ifluing of a Commiffion of Bankrupt, although fuch Commiffion fhdl afterwards be fuperfeded, fhall be deemed fuch Notice if it fhould appear that an Aft of Bankruptcy had been aftually committed at the Time of ifluing fuch Commtffion.

III. ‘And Whereas by an Aft of Parliament made in the Fifth * Year of the Reign of Hi9 late Majefty King George the Second, 1 intituled, An Afi to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, * it is amongll other Things enafted, That before the Creditors of ‘ any Bankrupt fhall proceed to the Choice of Affignees of the * Bankrupt's Eftates, the major Part in Value of the faid Bank-4 rupt’s Creditors then prefent fhall, if they think fit, dirt ft in * what Manner, how and with whom, and where the Monies anftng * by and to be received from Time to Time out of the Bankrupt’s ‘ Eftate fhall be paid in and remain, until the fame fhall be divided ‘ amongfl all the Creditors as by that Aft is direfted ; to which Rule * and Direftion every fuch Affignee and Affignees afterwards to be ‘ chofen are to conform, as often as One hundred Pounds fhall be ‘ got in and received from fuch Bankrupt’s Eftate, and are thereby ‘ indemnified for what they do in purluance of fuch Direftion of * the (aid Creditors as aforefaid : And whereas the Creditors of Banl*-4 rupts do not in all Cafes avail themfelves of the faid Power given ♦ them by the faid recited Aft : And whereas the aforefaid Direction

 v^ooQle

$6g

AJD,i8o9*

49* GEO, III.

C.121•

4 of the faid Ad h*s been in many Inftances difobeyed by the ‘ Afiignees of the Eitatcs of Bankrupts, who have, notwithftanding

*	fuch Diredion, kept in their Hinds, or employed for their own

*	Btnefir, large Sums of Monejr, Part of the Bankrupts Eltates

Be it cnaded by the Authority afortfiid, That from and after the If th« Creditors paffine of this Ad, if in any Cafe the major Part of the Creditors of do not direct any Bankrupt fhall not before they (had proceed to the Choice of how and to AfhgH^e6 of the Bankrupt’s Ellate, direct in what Manner, how and wtamuhr with whom, and where the Monies arifing from the Bankrupt’s Eilate fhall be paid in and remain, in purfuince of the Power given to them rUpt»s by the faid recited A A, it (hall be lawful for the Commifiioners or lhaHbepaid the m?jor Part of thtm, and they are hereby required immediately in,the Un*-aftrr th- Commifiioners (hail have proceeded to the Choice of Afiignees,	flmll

and at the fame Meeting, to direft. in what Manner, how and with j^eft whom, and where the Monies arifing by and to be received from fameiofoine Time to Time out of the Bankrupt’s Edate, (hall be paid in and Perfon, not remain until the fame (hall be divided amongft the Creditors as by being a Couimlf-the faid recited Ad is direded; to which Rule and Diredion the ^yat>r»

Affignee or Afiignees of the Bankrupt’s Ellate fliall conform, as often as O e hundred Pounds (hall be got in and received from fuch BankruDi’s Ellate, and (hall be and are hereby indemnified for what they fhall do in purfuance of fuch Direction of the faid Corr.mil-tioners as aforefaid : Provided that it fhall not be lawful for the Comm ffioners to diredt fuch Monies to be paid into the Hands of the faid Commifiioners or any of them, or of the Solicitor to the Commifiioners, or into any Banking Houfe or other Houfe of Trade or Bufinefs in which the Commifiioners or any of them, or the Soli* citor to the Commiffim, are or is intcrefted or concerned as a Partner or Partners, or otherwife.

IV,	And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid, That Afl^nees dif- * from and after the paffiug of this Ad, in all Cafes in which any obeying fuch » A (fig nee or Afiignees or any Bankrupt’s Eltate fhall wilfully retain Directions doll in his or their Hands, or otherwife employ for his or their own l)ec,uirSe,l Benefit, any Sum or Sums of Money, Part of the Efiates of fuch ^ S^Mone* Bankrupts, contrary to the aforefaid Diredion of the faid recited Ad otherwil'e . ' pafied in the Fifth year of the Rrign ot King George the Second, or retained or

of the aforefaid Direction in this Ad contained, he or they (hall be employed, charged in his or their Accounts with the Eiiattsof fuch Bankrupts, with fuch Sum or Sums of Money as (hall be equal to the Amount of Ioterelt computed at the Rate of Twenty Pounds per CenLum per Annum on all fuch Sums of Monty fo retained or employed by him or them, for the Time or Times during which he or they (hall have fo retained or employed the fame, contrary to the faid Diredion of the faid Adi or cither of them; and the Commifiioners of Bankrupts are hereby required to charge fuch Affignee or Afiignees ia their Accounts with fuch Sum or Sums of Money accordingly.

V.	And, for the Purpofe of afeertaining in what Manner the Commifiionor^ Money which (hall from Time to Time come to the Hands of fuch fhall not declare Affignee or Affigneea has been employed, the Commifiioners (hall in a Dividend nil a no Cafe declare a Dividend upon Admiffion only of a certain Sum

in the Hands of the Afiignees, but (hah require fuch Affignee or made^pon Oath. Afiignees to deliver upon Oath a true Statement in Writing of all by the Afl&gnees? the Sum* of Money received by fuch Affignee or Afiignees, and &c, when received by him or them refpeclivelyi and on what Accounts

and

SI®

if Affignees become Bankrupt having loot, of their Bankrupt’s Eftate, their future Effects Hull be liable to the Payment.

Connniflionera nay dite& the tfconey paid in on Bankrupt’s Eftate to be inveited in

Evhe^viec Bills.

Sureties for Bankrupts having paid any Debts tiler the

C.121;	490	GEO.	III.	A .D.	1809*

and how employed, and (hall examine fuch Statement and compare the Receipts with the Payments, and afcertain what Balances hare been from Time to Time in the Hands of fuch Aflignee or Affiance* refpe&ively, and fhali enquire for what Reafon any Sum appearing to be in the Hands of fuch Aflignee or Aflignees ought to be retained, and thereupon fhali declare a Dividend on the remaining Sum, fpecifying in their Order the Sum fo allowed to be retained, and the Grounds on which they may conceive it proper that the fame fhould be retained and not divided amongft the Creditors.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enabled by the Authority aforefaid, That from and after the Firft Day of January One thou-fand eight hundred and ten, in cafe any Commiflion of Bankrupt (hall iffue againft any Perfon who is or (hall be an Aflignee of the Eftate and EfFcas of any Bankrupt, and who fhali, at the Time of fuch Comnriiffion iffuing againft him, be indebted to the Eftate of the Bankrupt of whofe Eftate and Efft&s he was an Aflignee, to the Amount of One hundred Pounds or upwards, in refpeft of Money come to bis Hands as fuch Aflignee, and wilfully retained or employed by him for his own Benefit, the Certificate of Conformity which may be obtained by fuch Aflignee fo~ becoming Bankrupt as aforefaid, fhali only have the Effe6t of freeing the Perfon of fuch Bankrupt from Arreft and Imprifonment, but the future Eftate and Effects of every fuch Perfon fhali remain liable for fo much of his Debt to the Eftate of the Bankrupt of whofe Eftate and Effe&s he was an Aflignee, as fhali not be paid by Dividends under the faid Commiflion, together with lawful Intereft for the whole Debt, in like Manner as if he had not obtained his Certificate ; the Tools of Trade, the neceffary Houfe-hold Goods and Furniture, and neceffary Wearing Apparel of fuch Bankrupt and his Wife and Children, only excepted.

VII.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed. That it fhali be lawful for the Commiflioners, upon the Application of the Afiignees, or of any Five or more of *he Creditors who have proved their Debts under the Commiflion, on Notice given to the Aflignees of fuch intended Application, when and as often as it fhali appear to the faid Commif-iioners expedient and beneficial to the Eftate and Effc6ts of any Bankrupt, that the Money fo paid in to any Perfon or Pcrfons as aforefaid, for the Purpofe of being divided amongft the Creditors, or any Money retained to anfwtr any Claim which may have been duly entered upon the Proceedings under the faid Bankruptcy, or any Dividends ordered to be retained by the Aflignees, fhould be laid out at Inttreft, to order and direft that the whole or any Part of fuch Money fhali be inverted in the Purchafe of Exchequer Bills for the Benefit of fuch Creditors and Claimant?, and to direct where and with whom fuch Exchequer Bills fhuil be kept for fafe Cultody, and to caufe fuch Exchequer Bills to be fold when it fhali appear to them neceffary and proper, and to dire6t the Proceeds thereof to be again laid out in the Purchafe of Exchequer Bills, or to be applied for the Benefit cf the Creditors and Claimants, according to their fevera! lnterefts, as to the faid Commiflioners (hall feera meet, fubje& never-thelefs to the Authority and Controul of the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid. That in all Cafes of Commiflions of Bankrupt already iffued, under yehich no Dividend has yet been made, or under which the Creditors,

who



A.D. 1809.	490	GEO.	III.	C. 1 % r.	5-11

who have not proved, can receive a Dividend equally in proportion Commiffion fliall r® their refpedivc Debts without diflurbing any Dividend already he permitted to made, and in adl Cafes of Commiflions of Bankrupts hereafter to J^mroUTion*1* be ifTued, where at the Time of ifluing the Commiffion any Perfon andftandiutho fliall be Surety for or be liable for any D.*bt of the Bankrupt, it Place of a (hall be lawful for fuch Surety or Perlon liable, if he (hall have paid Creditor, the Debt, or any Part thereof in Difcharge of the whole Debt, Provctl» although he may have paid the fame after the Commiilion fhall have iflurd, and the Creditor (hall have proved his Debt under the Commiffion, to Hand in the Place of the Cred tor as to the Dividends upon fuch Proof, and when the Creditor fliall not have proved under the C imm'fliDn, it fH ill be lawful for fuch Surety, or Pcrfon liable to pmve hi* Demand in refped of fuch Payment as a Debt under the Commiflior, not diflurbing the former Dividends,, and to receive a Dividend or Dividends proportionably with the other Creditors taking the Benefit of fuch C unmiffi n, notwithflanding fuch Pcrfon may have become Surety or liable for the* Drbt of the Bankrupt after an Ad of Bankruptcy had been committed by fuch Bankrupt, provided that fuch Pcrfon had not at the Time when he became fuch Surety, or when he fo became liable for the Debt of fuch Bankrupt, Notice of any Adi of Bnkruptcv by fuch Bankrupt com-{pitted, or that he was i folvent, or had flopped Payment; provided always, that the ifluing a Commiffion of Bankrupt, although fuch Commiffion fhall afterwards be fuperfeded, fhall be deemed fuch Notice $ and every Perfon againft whom any fuch Commiffion of Bankrupt has been or fliall be awarded, and who has obtained or fhall obtain bis Certificate, fhall be difeharged of all Demands at the Suit of every fuch Perfon having fo paid, or being hereby enabled to prove as aforefa;d, or to fland in the Place of fuch Creditor as aforefaid*. with regard to his Dc-bt in refped of fuch Surety (hip or Liability, in like Manner to all Intents and Purpofes as if fuch Pe»fon had been a Creditor before the Bankruptcy of the Bankrupt for the whole of the Debt in refped of which he was Surety or was fo liable as aforefaid.

IX.	And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid, That Debts not all and every Perfon and Perfons who have given Credit, or fhall at payable at the1 any Time hereafter give Credit to any Perfon or Perf.ns who is or Time°f th* are.or fhall become Bankrupts, upon good and valuable Confideration Proved ^ **** bond fide for any Monty whatfoever, which is or fhall not be due <jedu&in«* a

or payable at or before the Time of fuch Performs becoming Rebate <3* Bankrupt fhall be admitted to prove fuch their Debt9 in like Imereft at *> Manner as if the fame were payable prefentjy or not at a future fter111 . Day, and fhall be entitled to and fhall have and receive proportional 6 Dividends of fuch Bankrupt's Etlate equally with the other Creditors Ireland, of fuch Bankrupt, deducting only thereout a Rebate of Intereft for what they fhali fo receive at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum under Commiflions which have ifTued or fliall iifue in England, and at the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum under Commiflions which have ifTued or fliall iifue in Ireland\ to be computed from the adual Payment thereof to the Time fuch Debts would become payable, according to the Terms upon which the fame were	'

contra&ea.

X,	And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid, That In Aftioat from and after the palfi jg of this Ad, in any Adion now brought kyAffig»c«,

*	°	the Cowiniflioe

 v^ooQie



C.tt

Id

49° GEO. lit

A'.D. 1 809*

Matter^ are to be difputed.

ahd Proceedings or hereafter to be brought by or againft: any Afiignee of any Bank-Ihall be futHcieut rUpt, the Commiflion of Bankrupt, and the Proceedings of the x/n enee o	Commifiioners under the fame, fhail	be	Evidence to be received of the

Creditor’s	Debt, petitioning Creditor’s Debt, and	of	the Trading and Bankruptcy

&c.unlefsNotice of fuch Bankrupt, unlefs the other Party in fuch Aft on (hail, if given that thofe Defendant, at or before the Time of his pleading to fuch Aftion, and if Plaintiff, before ifltle joined in fuch	Action, give Notice in Writing

to fuch Afiignee that he intends	tq	diipute fuch Matters or any of

them, and whereftlch Notice (hull have been given, if fuch Afiignee (hall at the Trial prove the Matter fo deputed, or the other Party fhail at the Trial admit the fame, the Judge before whom the Caufd fhail be tried (hall, if he (hall fee fit, grant a Certificate that fuch Proof or Admifiion was made upon fuch Trial, and fuch Afiignee (hall be entitled to the Cofts, to be taxed by the proper OffLtr* occafioned hf fuch Notice ; and fuch Cofts (hall in cafe the Afiignee (ball obtain a Verdift be added to his Cofts* and if the other Party (hall obtain £ Verdift (hail be fet off or deducted from the Cofts which fuch other Party would otherwife be entitled to receive from fuch Afiignee.

XI.	And be it further enabled by ti e Authority aforefaid, That from and after the pafiing of this Aft, in all Suits in Equity now/ inftituted or hereafter to be inftituted by or againft any Allignee of any Bankrupt, the Commifllon of Bankrupt, and the Proceedings of the CommifiLners under the fame, (hall be Evidence to be received of the petitioning Creditor’s Debt, and of the Trading and Bankruptcy of fuch Bankrupt, as agaii ft all the other Parties in fuch Suit* unlefs fuch Parties i'ome or one of them fhail, within Tm Days after Rejoinder in the Caufe, give Notice in Writing to the Afiignee that they or he intend to difpute the faid trading, petitioning Creditor^ Debt, or Aft of Bankruptcy, or feme or one of fuch Matters, and where fuch Notice (hall have been given, if the Afiignee (had prove the Matter fo difputed to the Satisfaftion of the Court, the Cofts occafioned by fuch Notice, to be t?xed by the proper Officer, (ball, if the Court fee fit, be paid by the Party or Partus giving fuch Notice to the Afiignee, and the Service of fuch Notice may be proved by Affidavit upon the hearing of the C-ufe.

XII.	And be it further mailed by the Authority aforefaid. That

So in Suits in Equity by Aflignees as again It all other Parties to the Suit.

No A it ion (hall be brought againit Afiignee for Dividends ; but on Petition to Chancellor,

with Imereti and Cofts.

from and after the pafiing of this Aft, no Aftion fhail be brought by any Creditor or Creditors who have proved or fii^ll prove anv Debt under any Commifllon of Bankrupt, againft the Afiignee or Aflignees of the E late of fuch Bankrupt, for the Amount of any Dividend Affigr^e {hall be declared by the Com mi (Tinners under fuch Commtfiion ; but irr all Cafe* compelled to pay jn which the Afiignee or Aflignees of any Bankrupt (hall refute or v * ii omjt to p3y any Dividend declared under any Comm:ffion of Bankrupt, it (hall be lawful for the Creditor or Creditors entitled to the fame, to petition the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Com> mifiioners for the Caftody of the Great Seal, for Payment thereof > and it fhail be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commiflioners for the Cullody of the Great Seal, on hearing filch Petition, not only to order the Payment of fuch Dividend, but alfo in all Cafes in which it (hall appear to him or them that the Juftice of the Cafe ffiall require it, to order Payment of Ir.tereft for the Time that fuch Dividend (hftl have been withheld, and of the Coftss of the Application.

XIII.

 LjOOQ le

513

A. D. 1809.

490 GEO. IK.

Cm.

XIII.	r And whereas great Inconveniences hare arifen from the

*	Neccflity which now exifts of the Attendance of Co.rmifiioners of

*	Bankrupt in Prifon to take the Examinations of Bankrupts charged

*	in Execution Be it therefore enadted by the Authority aforefaid.

That every Bankrupt being in Cuftody at the Time of bis or her Bankrupts in lad Examination, although charged in Execution (hall be brought Cuftody in before the Commifiioners to be examined by them, in the fame Execution (hill Manner as » now pra&ifed with refpe& to Bankrupts in Cuftody be brought 00 Mefne Procefs, and the Gaoler or Keeper of the rrifon in which fuch Bankrupt is or (hall be confined, (hall be fully indemnified	°

by the Warrant of the Commiflioners for bringing up fuch Bankrupt for fuch Purpofe.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid. That Creditor from and after the paffiig of this Adt, it (hall not be lawful for bringing A<ft:oo any Creditor, who bas or (hall have brought any A diion, or in-

ftituted any Suit againft any Bankrupt, in refpedt of any Demand

which arofe prior to the Bankruptcy of fuch Bankrupt, or which to prove under

might haye been proved as a Debt under the Commiflion of Bank- the Comihiiliopf

rupt iffued againft fuch Bankrupt, to prove a Debt under fuch &c»

Commiflion for any Purpofe whatever, or to have the Claim of a

Debt entered upon the Proceedings under fuch Commiflion, without

reiinquifhing fuch A&ion or Suit, and all Benefit from the fame ;

aqd that the proving or fo claiming a Debt under a Commiflion

of Bankrupt by any Creditor, (hall be deemed an Ele&ioo by

fuch Creditor, to take the Benefit of fuch Commiflion with refpeft

to the Debt fo proved or claimed by him: Provided always, that

fuch Creditor (hall pot be liable to the Payment to the Bankrupt

or his Aflignees, of the Cofts of fuch A&ion or Suit which (hall be

fo relinquiftted by him: And provided alfo, that where any fuch

Creditor (hall have brought any A&ion or Suit againft fuch Bank-

rupt jointly with any other Perfon or Perfons, his reiinquifhing fuch

A&ion or Suit againft fuch Bankrupt or Bankrupts (hall not in any

Manner affedt fuch A&ion or Suit againft fuch other Perfon or

Perfons.

XV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That this Ad (hall A& Audi not «t-not extend to that Part of the United Kingdom of Grtat Britain and tend to Scotland. Ireland which is called Scotland.

XVI.	And be it further enadled by the Authority afortfaid. That Agentshaving all and every Perfon or Perfons wh* have effedted or (hall effedt any effe&ed Policies Policy or Policies of Infurance upon Ships, Goods, .Wares, Mtr-ebandizeor other EflVdls, with any Perfon, as a Subfcribcr or Under- prove, in* writer, who is or are or (hall become bankrupt, (hall be admitted Abfenceof

to prove any Lofs to which fuch Bankrupt is or (hall be liable in Parties in* iefp?& of bis Subfcription to fuch Policy or Policies, notwith- tereiled. Handing the Perfon or Perfons effe&ing fuch Policy or Policies is not or are aot the Pvrfon or Perfons beneficially interefted in fuch Ships, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other EfFcdfs, provided the Perfon really interefted is not in that Part of the United Kingdom in which the Commiflion of Bankrupt (hall have iffued in the Proceedings under which fuch Lofs is to be proved.

XVII.	And he it further enadled, by the Authority aforefaid, Anmdty That it (hall be competent to any Annuity Creditor of any Perfon againft whom a Commiflioo of Bankrupt (hall iffue after the pafling gf

this A&, whether the fame (hail be iecured by Bond or Covenant, ^alue of ihs or Bond and Covenant, or by whatever £ffurancc qr Aflknmces the Annuity

49 Geo. III.

Li

fame

5T4

The Signature ind Consent of Three Parts (inftead of Four Parts) in Five in Number and Value of tha Creditors of the Bankrupt to the Allowance of his Certificate and D'd charge fhall be futfi-cirut.

Bankrupts en-* titled to Le.afrt, or Agreements for Leafe*, delivering up fame to Alfignce fil'd! nut remain liable foj Rent, Kc. Dflfor n ay apply to Chan-ct-Llor,

C. i2^t.	49°	GEO,	III.	A.T). 1809.

fame fhall be fccured, and whether there fhall or fhall not be or have been any Arrears of fuch Annuity at or before the Time of the Bankruptcy, to p'ove under fuch Commiffion as a Creditor for tl:e-Value of fuch Annuity, which Value the Commiffionerg fhall have Power and are hereby required to afeertain, ar.d the Certificate of every Bankrupt under whofe Commiffion fuch Proof fhall be or might have been made, fhall be a Difcharge of fuch Bank-rupt againft ah Demands whatever in refpeft of fuch Annuity, and the Arrears and future Payments thereof in the fame Manner as fuch Certificate would difeharge the Bankrupt with refpe& to any other Debt proved or which might have been proved under the C mmiflnn.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That in all Cafes of Commif-fions of Bankrupt heretofore iffued, and in which the Bankrupts have not obtained their Certificates, and in all Cafes in which Com-miffions of Bmkrupt fhall hereafter be fued forth, the Signature and Confent of Three Parts in Five in Number and Value of the Creditor# of the Bankrupt or Bankrupts, who fhaH be Creditors for not lefs than Twenty Pounds refpe&ively, and who fhall have duly proved their Debts under the Commiffion, or fome other Perfon by them duly authorifed thereunto, to the Allowance and Certificate and Difeharge of the Bmkrupt or Bankrupts, fhall be, to all Irtents and Furpofes, as available for the Benefit of the Bankrupt or Bankrupts as before the palling of this A61 the Signature and Confent of Four Parts in Five in Number and Value of fuch Perfons would have been available ; and fuch Signature and Confent of Three Parts in Five in Number and Value of fuch Perfons, fhall be fufficient to authorize all Aft# to he done by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, and Lords Com-niiflioners of the Great Sea!, and the Commiffionera in fuch Com-nuffionr. of Bankrupt, and all others, for the Benefit of the Bankrupt or Bsnkruptr, which under any prior A6t or A£s of Parliament would lave been authorized by the Signature and Confent of Four Parts in F’ve in Numbtr and Value oY fuch Perfons.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That in all Cafes, in which a Commiffion of Bankrupt (hail be fued forth againft any Perfon after the paffing of this A£f, and fuch Perfon (hall be entiled to any Leafe or Agreement for a Lcafe, and the Affignees fhall accept the ,s fame and the Benefit therefrom, as Part of the Bankrupt’s Eftate and EiL&s, the Bankrupt (hail not be, or be deemed to be, liable to pay the Rent accruing due after fuch Acceptance cf the fame as afore-laid, and after fuch Acceptance the Bankrupt fhall not be 1‘able to be in any Manner fu-d in refpeft or by reafon of any fubfequent Non-obf-rvance or Non-performance of the Conditions, Covenants, cr Agreements therein contained : Provided, that in all fuch Cafes aa aforefnid, it fhall be lawful for the Lefforor Perfon agreeing to make fuch Leafe, his Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators, or Affigr.?, if the Afii'nees (hall decline, upon their being required fo to do, to determine whether they will or will not fo accept fuch Leafe or Ar reement for a Leafe, to apply by Petition to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commiflioners of the Great Seal, praymg that they may either fo accept the fame, or deliver up the Leafe or Agreement for the Leafe, and the Poffeffion of the Premifes demifed or intended to be demifed, who fhall thereupon make fuch Order as in alt the C;rcumftancc8 of the Cafe fhall feem meet and juft, and which fhail be binding on all Parties.



Google

A.D. 1809.	490 Geo. HI.	C,	x	22.	515

CAP. CXXII.

An Act for preventing Frauds and Depredations committed on Merchants, Ship Owners, and Underwriters, by Boatmen and others ; and alfo for remedying certain Defers relative to the Adjuftment of Salvage in England, under an A£t made in the Twelfth Year of Queen Anne.	[20th June	1809.]

f YT7HEREAS great Depredations have for many Years paft 4 VV been committed by Boatmen, Pilots, Hovtllers, and others,

*	on Ships in D ftrefs and otherwile, and Anchors, Cables, and other

*	Property of Ships and VeflYls on the Coalts and in the Harbour?,

4 Bays, and R»vers of England and Walesy and the Town and Har-4 hour of Berwici-upon-Tweed, are oftentimes carried a way or

*	deftroyed by fuch Boatmen, Pilots, Hovellers, and others, or when 4 found are not reftored to the Owners thereof, and great Ex-4 tortions are committed and exorbitant Demands made upon the 4 Matters and Owners of fuch Ships for faving and preferving the 4 fame, to the great Lofs and Injury of the Ship Owners, Merchants,

4 Underwriters, and others concerned in Shipping May it therefore ' p’eafe Your Majefty that it may be en?&ed, and be it ena&ed by the K ng’s molt Excellent Majetty, by and with the Advice and Confer.t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from Pilots and and after the Firft Day of Augvft One thoufand eight hundred and others taking nine, all Pilot?, Boatmen, Hoveilers, or other Perfons who (hall take poffeffionof up any Anchors, Cables, or any Goods or Merchandize which otter %i may have been parked with, cut Irom or left by any Ship or Vefltl Material! {hall* within any Harbours, Rivtrs, or Bays, or on any of the Coafts of fend a Report this Kingdom, whether the fame Ship or Wffel (hail be or (hall have thereof to a been in Diftrefs or otherw’fe, and which (hdl have been weighed, Deputy Vice fwept for, or taken Pofleffion of or by any fuch Boatman, Pilot, Admiral, and Hoveller, or other Perfon, (hall fend a Report in Writing of the ia Placed to he* Articles fo found, and (fating the Marks (if any) thereon, and a’fo appointed; or an accurate and particular Defcription of the Bearings, Dittanies, ftullbe and Situations, and Time when and where the fame were fo found, confidered as to a Deputy Vice Admiral or his Agent at or near to the Port or Place where fuch Boatman, Pilot, Hoveller, or other Perf >n (hall fril ,en c arrive with fuch Articles, within Forty-eight Hours after his or their Arrival at fuch Port or Place, or before he or they (hall leave the Port, if he or they (hall quit it before that Time (hall expire ; and (ha’l alfo within fuch Period as aforefaid deliver fuch Articles fo foun! in.o a proper Warehoufe, or fuch other Place as the Vice Admiral t f each County (hall appoint for fafe Caltody, until the fame (hall be claimed by the Owner or Owners thereof, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, and the Salvage, together with fuch other Charges and Expence*? as are hereinafter directed to be paid in refpe& of fuch Articles paid by him or thtm, or Security given for the Payment thereof, to the Satisfaction of the Salvor or Salvors thereof; and every fuch Pilot, Boatman, Hoveller, or other Perfon who (hail wilfully and fraudulently keep Poffcffion of or retain, or conceal or feente any Anchors or Cabels fo found, weighed, fwept for or taken peff (lion of as aforefaid, and (hall not report and deliver the fame at fome proper Warehoufe or other Place in the Manner aforefaid, and within the Time hercin-before limited, (hall on Convi&ion be adjudged and

L 1 2	deemed



516

Deputy Viee Admiral (hall fend Report to Triuity Houfe,

as fnon as the Articles amount to 20l. Value.

Deputy Vice Admiral may feize Goods not reported and depofited and fhall have One Third of the Value, (Stt £6:)

Value may he afrt rtainetl as on Salvage.

(See § 6, tit.)

If Deputy Vice Admiral feize •n Information, Informer fh&ll ftare in the One Third.

[See § 4.32,&c.)

Articles not «laim«*<l within a Year fltall Ue

C.in.	490 GEO. III.	A.D. 1809;

deemed guilty of receiving Goods knowing them to have been ftolen, and (hall fuffer the like Puniftunent as if the fame had been ftolen 00 Shore.

II.	And be it further ena&cd, That every Deputy Vice Admiral, or his Agent, to whom any fuch Reoort (hall be lent, (hall within Two Day8 forward the fame, or a true Copy thereof, to the Secretary of the Corporation of the Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strond in London,, and the fame (hall he placed by him in fome confpicuous Situation, for the Infpedion of all Perfons choofing to infpeft and examine the fame.

III.	Provided always. That no Report (hall be forwarded by fuch Deputy Vice Admiral or his Agent to the faid Corporation of the Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strond, until the Articles fo to be depofited as aforefaid for and in refpe& of which a Report is required to be made as herein before is dire&ed, (hall amount in Value to xhe Sum of Twenty Pounds.

IV.	And be it further cna&ed, That it (hall be lawful for any Deputy Vice Admiral, or his Agent, to feize and detain any fuch Articles as (hall not have been reported in the Manner herein-before dire&ed, and upon fuch Seizure fuch Deputy Vice Admiral, or his Agent, (hall depofit the fame in the Warehoufe or other Place to be appointed as aforefaid, and (hall within Two Days thereafter fend a Report in Writing of the Articles fo feized, and dating the Marks (if any) thereon, to the faid Corporation of tbe Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strond as before dire&ed, to be made publick as aforefaid ; and every fuch Deputy Vice Admiral, or his Agent, fo feiz;ng, who (hall not make fuch Report as aforefaid, within Two Days after Seizure as aforrfaid, (hall, on Convi&ion before any Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate, upon the Oath of One credible Witnefr, or on the Confeflion of the Party offending, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every fuch Neglect, together with Double the Value of the Goods fo feiz d ; One Half of which Penalty (hall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parifh or Townfhip where fuch Offence (hall be committed ; and every Depuiy Vice Admiral, or his Agent, who (hall make any fuch Seizure, without any previous Information being given to fuch Deputy Vice Admiral or his Agent, (hall, on the fame Articles being claimed by and delivered to the Owner thereof, or his or her Agent, be entitled to receive fuch Sum of Money as (hall be equal to One Third Part of the Value thereof.

V.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if the Owner and Deputy Vice Admiral or Agent fo feizing cannot agree on the Value of the Articles, fuch Value (bail be afeertained in like Manner as is hen-in-after dirt&ed with regard to Salvage.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That if any fuch Seizure (hall have been made in confequence of any Information given to any fuch Deputy Vice Admiral or his A=>ent, the Deputy Vice Admiral or his Agent fo feizing, (ha'l only be entitled to receive from the Owner or their Agents of the Articles One Sixth Part of the Value thereof, and One other Sixth Part of fuch Value (hail be paid to thePerfon who (hall have given the Information, the Value of fuch Articles to be afeertained in Manner aforefaid.

VII.	And be it further enadted, That if any fuch Articles fo reported and delivered into the Warehoufe or other Place as aforefaid,

(hall



AD. £809.	490 GEO. III.	Cm.	517

(hall not be claimed within a Year and a Day after fuch Report Stall fold under have been tranfmitted to the faid Corporation of the Trinity Houfe of l* Auae, Deptford Strond\ as before mentioned, the fame (hall be fold, and a c* * Certificate of fuch Sale (hall be delivered to the Purchafer thereof under the Dire&ions of the High Court of Admiralty, and the Monies arifing from the Sale thereof be applied in the Manner dire&ed in and by an Ad palled in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majcfty Queen Anne. intituled, An A3 for preferving all fuch Ships and Goods thereof •which Jhall happen to he found on Shore or Jlranded on the Coafls of this Kingdom, or any other of Her Majejly's Dominions, and if the fame fhali have been fejzcd by the Deputy Vice Deputy Vice Admiral or hip Agent as afore faid, then the Deputy Vice Admiral or Admiral f, Agent fo feizing and the Perfon who (hall have given fuch Inform- «*1 Informer \ ation as (hall have led to the Seizure (if any fuch Information (ball have	e(*ua*!*

been given) (hall be equally entitled to the Salvage which (hall be sHvu£.t0 allowed by the High Court of Admiralty to the Salvors in the Cafe of unclaimed Property.

VIII.	And be it further cnn&ed, That if the Salvors of any fuch Two Juftices Article?, or any Goods fo found, weighed, fwept for, or taken Pof- ^p^credto feflion of as aforefaid, and fo lodged and reported as aforefaid, and

the Owner or Ownera thereof, or his, her, or their Agent or Agerts, refpe<fting cannot agree refpt&ing the Amount of Salvage to be paid for or in Salvage of fuch refpeft of the fame, or the Value thereof, as the Cafe may be, then Articles, the Matter in Difference (hall be determined by any Two Juftices of the Peace redding near to the Place where fuch Articles or Goods (hall be depoiited; and fuch Juftices (hall begin to proceed in their Enquiry as to fuch Matters in Difpute, within Forty-eight Hours after fuch Difference (hall be referred to them for their Determination thereof; and it they cannot agree refpe&ing the fame, then it (hall Such Juflices be lawful for them to nominate any Third Perfon sonverfant in Mari- nominate a time Affairs, at their Option, who (hall afeertain the Amount of the ™^.Perfon w Salvage to be paid, or the Value thereof, as the Cafe may be, within “T4"’ Forty-eight Hours after he (hall have been fo nominated as aforefaid, and the (aid Juftices and fuch Third Perfon fo nominated as aforefaid,

(hall have full Power and Authority, whenever they fee Occafion, to examine the Parties or their Witneffcs upon Oath, which Oath they are hereby authorized to adminifter.

IX.	And be it further cnaded, That'it (hall alfo be lawful for the Two Juittces faid Juftices to decide in the like Manner, and within the fame Time ***? det™1®* as is htrein-before directed, with regard to Salvage on all Claims

and Demands whatfoever which (boll or may after the Firit Day of vUes t« Ship* Auguft One thoufand eight hundred and nine, be made by Pilot*, in Diftrefs.

. Boatmen, and other Perfons, for Services of any Defcrfotioii (except (exceptPilotage Pilotage) to be reudered by them to any Ship or Veffel, os well for *c« carrying off from the Shore to fuch Ship or Vcffd any Anchors,

Cables, or oth¥r Stores, from any Port or Ports of the Coaft of England and Wales and Berwick~upon-Tweed* or for the faving and preterving any Goods or Merchandize which may have been wrecked, ftranded, or caft away from any Ship or Vcffej, or for being inftru-mental in faving the Life or Lives of any Perfon or Perfbns on board the faid Ship or Vcfftl, the Mafter, Owner, or Owners of fuch Ship or Veffel, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents being prefent with fuch Juftices; and that the faid Juttice or fuch other Perfon fo appointed as* aforefaid, (hall have full Power and Authority to hear

L 1 3	and



C. 122.

Decifion of Juftices or their * Umpire fhali be final; unlefs on Appeal to Admiralty.

Perfons diffatis-fied may appeal to ihe High Court of Admiralty, but the; Goods ihall be' reftorvd to the Owners on giving Bail.

t -

Sec Schedule

(AO

Umpire named by Juftices (hall be paid by the larcies.

490 GEO. III.

A.D.1809.

and determine on all Cafe* whatever of Services rendered by Pilots, Boatmen, and others to Ships or Vtffels (except Pilotage) whether fuch Ships or Veffels (hall at the Time be in Diftrefs or not, and that they (hall have the like Power of examining the Parties or their Witnefles upon Oath as laft herein-before dirt died ; and the Decifion of fuch Judie s, or of the Perfon fo to be by them appointed as afore-faid, fhali be final and conclufive on all Parties, fave and except in fuch Cafes ifl which an Appeal (hall be interpofed by either Party to the High Couit of Admiralty, fuch Appeal to be mterpofed within Thiity Days after the Award of the Juftices or fuch Pcrfon fo appointed as aforefaid. '

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons fo claiming to be entitled to Salvage, or the Party or Parties who is or are to pay the fame, or their Agents, (hall be diffatisfied with fuch Award and Decifion of the Juftices, or of the Perfon fo to be nominated by them as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for either of them refpe&ively, within Forty-eight Hours after fuch Award is made, but not afterwards, to declare to the Juftices, or fuch other Perfon to be nominated by them as aforefaid, his, her, or their Dtftire of obtaining the Judgment of the High Court of Admiralty refpe&icg the faid Salvage, and thereupon the Perfon or Perfons fo claiming to be entitled to Salvage fhali be compelled to proceed within Thirty Days from the Date of fuch Award, by taking out a Monition againit the adverfe Party; but in fuch Cafe the faid Juftices are hereby required and empowered to deliver to the Owners and Proprietors or their Agents, any fuch Anchor or Cable, Goods, or other Articles refpe6t-ing which any Claim for Salvage fhali be made upon the Owners or Proprietors thereof, his, her, or their Agent, given good and fufficient Bail in Double the Amount of the Value of the Articles in refpe& of which fuch Salvage fhali be claimed, and which Bail (hall be taken by a Commiflioner for taking Examinations in Prize Caufts, if there fhali be one in the Port or Place where fuch Difference fhali arifr, but if there fhali be no fuch Commiflioner there, then the faid Juftices to vrhom fuch Difference (hall have been rtferred, or either of them, or any other of His Msjefty’s Juftices of the Peace, are and is hereby authorized to take the fame ; and the Commiflioner or Juftice who (hall take fuch Bail fhali certify the fame according to the Form contained in the Schedule Hereunto annexed, and tranfmit the fame without Delay to the High Court of Admiralty, together with a true Certificate in Writing of the grofs Value of the Whole of the Articles refpedting which Salvage (hall be c aimed, and alfo a Copy of fuch Proceedings and Awards on undamped Paper, certified under the Hand of fuch Commiflioner or Juftice taking the Bail as aforefaid, and the fame (hall be admitted by fuch Court of Admiralty as Evidence in the Caule.

XI.	And be it	further	ena&ed. That it (hall and may	be lawful

for the Perfons fo	to	be	named by the faid Juftices as	aforefaid,

who (hall decide on	the	Amount of Salvage to be paid, or on	the Value

of the Articles, or	on	the	Remuneration to be made to Perfons ren-

dering Affiftance to Ships or Veffels, or Perfons as aforefaid, to demand and receive of and from the Owner or Owners of the Articles faved, or of the Ships or Veffels in Behalf of which the Services may have been rendered, or his, her, or their Agents or Agent, a Sum of Money not exceeding Two Pounds Two Shillings each, and fuch

Owner

 CjOOQle

C.I22.

A.D. 1&09.	490	GEO.	III.

Sl9

Owner or Owners, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, (hall and is and are htreby required to pay to the Pcrfons fo to be by the faid Juftices nominated as aforefaid, fuch Fee or Reward immediately after he {hill have made his Award or Decifior, and on Delivery of the fame.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons Penalty on (hall, from and after the Firft Day oi Augvft One thoufand eight cutting away or hundred and nine, wilfully cut away, calt adrift, remoye, alter, de- defacing Buovs, face, fink, or deftroy, or (hall do or commit any Ad with Intent and SinX FelonV.C* Defign to cut away, call adrift, remove, alter, deface, fink, or deftroy,

or in any other Way injure or conceal any Buoy, Buoy Rope, or Mark, belonging to any Ship or Veffel, or which may be attached to any Anchor or Cable belonging to any Ship or Veffel whatever, whether in Diftrefs or otherwife, fuch Perfon or Pcrfons fo offending (hall, on being coavi&edof fuch Offence, be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and (hall be liable to be tranfported for any Term not exceeding Seven Years, or in Mitigation of fuch Pumftiment to be imprifoned for any Number of Years at the Difcreticn of the Court iq which the Conviction (hall be made,

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons Penalty oa

(hall knowingly and wilfully, and with Intent to defraud and injure purchafing the true Owner or Owners thereof, or any Perfon interefted therein Anchors,&<*. as aforefaid, purchafe or receive any Anchors, Cables, or Goods, or	**

Merchandize, which may have been taken up, weighed, fwept for, or meanoZ&c! taken PofLffion of, whether the fame {hall have belonged to any Ship	*

or Veffel in Diftrefs or otherwife, or whether the fame {hall have been preferved from any Wreck, if the Diredtions herein-before contained with regard to fuch Articles (hall not have been previcufly complied with, fuch Perfon or Perfons {hall on Convidion thereof be deemed guilty of receiving ftolen Goods, knowing the fame to be ftolen, as if the fame had been ftolen on Shore, and fuffer the like Punifhment as for a Mifdemeanor at the Common Law, or be liable to be tranfported for Seven Years, at the Difcretion of the Court, before which he, (he, or they (hall be tried,

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe the Matter, Mate, Matters of Ship*

or Crew of any Ship or Veffel bound t© Parts beyond the Seas, fhall bound to Parts find and take on board of fuch Ship or Veffel, any Anchor, Cable, beyond the Seas, or any Goods or Merchandize, or {hall receive any Anchor, Cable, oir	or

any Goods or Merchandize on board of fuch Ship or Veffel, from ^^p^nd* any other Perfon or Perfons who may have found the fame, knowing other Articles, the fame to have been fo found, the Matter,* Mate, or other Perfon fhall report the having the Command of fuch Ship or Veffel, fhall make a true Entry fame to the in the Log Book of fuch Ship of the Defcription of the Articles Trimty-Houfe, fo found or taken on board as aforefaid, ftating the Marks (if any) Arrival thereon, and the Bearings and Diftances, and other minute Defcription, England (hell and the Time when and where the fame were found and taken on depofit them, board; and alfo {hall at the firft pollible Opportunity tranfmit a Report in Writing containing a true Copy qf fuch Entry in the Log Book of the faid Ship or Veffel, to the faid Corporation of the Trinity Houfe of Deptford Stroud\ and on the Return of fuch Veffel to any Port in England or IFalej, or Berwick-upon-Tweed* he fhall deliver the fame Articles into the Poffeffion of a Deputy Vice Admiral, or his Agent in or neareft to fuch Port, with ths like Report

L 1 4	11

 v^-ooQle

C. 123.

5X0

49* GEO. HI.	A.D.	1809#

as is herein-before direfted; and fuch Deputy Vice Admiral, or Agent, is hereby required to t ran fan it fuch Report to the faid Cor* poration of the Trinity Houfe at Deptford Strond, to be placed by the faid Corporation for Infpeftion in like Manner as aforefaid ; and if the fame (hall not be claimed by the Owner or Owners thereof, or his, her, or their Agent, within a Year and a Day after fuch Report (hall be tranfmitted, the fame (hall he fold and difpofed of according Penalty 500% to Law w th regard to unclaimed Property ; and in default thereof, to sol. Halfto or if the Mailer of fuch Ship or VcfiVi fhall fell or difpofe of fuch Halt	Anchor, Cable, Goods, or Merchandize to any Perfon or Perfon®

chants Scare<*n’s whomfoever, or (hall not upon his firll Return to any Port within Society under England and Wales or Berwick-upon-Tweed\ report and deliver the so G. 2.c. 38. fame according to the Provilions of this Aft, he (hall for every fuch Offence, on being thereof lawfully convifted before any Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate on the Oith of One credible Witnefs, or on the Confeffion of the Party offending, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Two hundred Pounds, nor lefs than Fifty Pounds, One Half of which Penalty (hall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Prefident and Governors for the Relief and Support of fuch maimed and difabled Seamen, and of the Widows and Children of fuch as fhall be killed, flam, or drowned in the Merchants Service, under an Aft of Parliament made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His late Majelly, King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief and Support of maimed and difabled Seamen, and the Widows and Children of fuch as fhall be killed, Jlain, or drowned, in the Mer-'chants Service, and fhall alfo forfeit and pay Double the Value of fuch Articles, to the Owners or Owner thereof.

Pees to be paid XV. And be it further enafted. That it *fhal! and may be lawful for Reports* for the Deputy Vice Adtairal or his Agent, who fhall make the Re-'port required by this Aft to the faid Corporation of the Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strond as afortfaid, to receive of and from the Owner or Owners of the Articles in refpeft of which the Report fhall be made, or if rbe fame are not claimed, then out of the Produce of the Sale thereof, the Sum of One Pound One Shilling for each Report ; and that it fhall alfo be lawful for the Secretary or other proper Officer of the faid Corporation of the Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strond, to receive in like Manner as latt mentioned, the Sum of One Pound One Shilling for each Report fo to be received by the faid Corporation, and to be made publick by them as aforefaid, which laft-mentioned Sum fhall be paid to the faid Deputy Vice-Admiral or his Agent, before the Delivery of the Goods and accounted for by him to the Trinity Houfe.

XVI.	4 And whereas Pilots, Hovellers, Boatmen, and other Perfona

*	in fmall Velfils have for many Years conveyed Anchors and Cables

*	which may have been weighed, fwept for, or taken poffeffion of by « them, as aforefaid, or which they may have purebafed of other

-	♦	* Perfons, knowing them to have been weighed, fwept for, or taken

*	pofTtffion of without being reported as aforefaid, to Foreign Coun-

*	trie?, and there fold and difpofed of to the raanifeft Injury and Lofs

*	of the Owners thereof; ior remedying whereof,1 Be it further

Penalty on	enafted, That every Pilot, Hovelier, Boatman, or the Mailer of any

felling or difpo* fuch Veflel, who fhall convey after the faid Firft Day of Augufl One or Cab>s"m f” thoufand eight hundred and nine,, any fuch Anchor or Cable to any

reign Countries,	Foreign

Single Felony.

 L^OOQle

«A.D. 1809*	49° GEO* til.	C.122.	s«

Foreign Port, Harbour, Creek, or Bay, and there fell and difpofe of the fame, (hall be deemed and adjudged guilty of Felony, and (bail be tra-'fpored for any Term not exceeding Seven Years.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed. That all Perfons who (hall trade Dealers «a or deal in buying and felling Anchors, Cables, Sails, or old Junk, Marine Siorw old Iron, or Marine Stores ot any Kind or Description, (hail have their have their Names with the Words •« Dealer in Marine Stores,” painted diftin&ly onX-irSt^ in Letters of not left then S?x Inches in Length upon the Front houfesl

of all their Storehoufes, Warehoufes, and other Depofits for fuch Penalty 20I. Goods; and in default of their fo doing, they (hall, on Conviftion Such Dealers before any Jollier or Juftices of the Peace, or Magiftrate or Magi- (hallnot cut up ftrates of any Jurifdi&ion where fuch Stcrehoufe, Warehoufe, and p Depdt (hall be, upon the Oath of One credible Witnefs, or on Con-feffion of the Party offending, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding he granted on Twenty Pounds, nor lefs than Ten Pounds, One Half of which Penalty Affidavit,&c. (hall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parifh or Townfbip where fuch Offence (hall be committed ; and that it (hall not be lawful for fuch Dealers or Traders to cut up any Cable, or any Part of a Cable, exceeding Five Fathoms in Length, or uncant, untwine, or unlay the fame into Junk or Paper-ftufF, on any Pretence whatfoever, without firli obtaining a Permit from fome Jullice of the Peace or MagiHrate redding near to the Refidence of iuch Dealer, which Permit (hall not be granted unlefs an Affidavit (hall have beea made that the Cable fo intended to be cut up had been bond Jide purchafed, and without Fraud, by the Party fo intending to cut up the fame, and without any Knowledge or Sufpicion on his or her Part that the fame had been or were dilhoneftly come by; and in which Affidavit (hail alfo be fpecified the particular Quality and De-feription of fuch Cable, and the Name or Names of the Seller or Sellers thereof, which Affidavit (hall be recited and fet forth at lengtfh in the Permit thereupon granted, on pain of forfeiting for the Firft Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor lefs than Ten PwukyitiL Pounds, and for every Second or further Offence any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor left than Twenty Pounds, to be recovered before any Juftice of the Peace, and One Half thereof to go to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of the Pariffi in which fuch Offence (hall have been committed.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That for the more effe&ual Dealers fladl Prevention of fuch Frauds, all Dealers in fuch Marine Stores as afore- *CCP an Accum* faid (hall keep a Book or Books fairly written, in which Entries (hail

be from Time to Time regularly made of all fuch old Marine Stores	* *

as (hall be by them from Time to Time bought, containing a true Account and Description of the Times when the fame were fo re-fpe&ively bought by them, and of the Names and Places of Abode of the icfpe&ive Sellers thereof: And before any Perfon who (hall Shall advertife obtain fuch Permit for the cutting up of any fuch Cable (as herein- heiore cutting .before required to be obtained) (hall proceed to cut up the fame by UP of Corda-c. virtue thereof, there (hall be publiffied by the Space of One Week at lead before the cutting up the fame, One or more Advertisement or Advertifemehts in fome pubiick Newfpaper, printed neareft to the *

Storehoufe, Warehoufe, or Depot where the Articles lhail be de-pofited, notifying that fuch Party had obtained fuch Permit for the Purpofe of cuttingMp fuch Cable, and of fuch Kind and Quality as therein 4efcribcd, and alfo fpecifying the Place* where fuch Articles

' :ed by Google

522	C.	i22«	49®	GEO.	HI.

AaD* 184)9.'

Infpe£Uon of fuch Accounts maybe demanded by] Parties in-lerefled.

Penalties on

Deidc s for Keglea.

Manufacturers iha.ll put Marks •n Anchors and Kedge Anchors.

(hall be depofited; whereupon it (hall be lawful for all and every Per-fon or Perfons who may have juft Caufe to fufpedt that fuch Articles are the Property of fuch Perfon or Perfons, and (hall have verified Upon Oath the Fa& of fuch his, her, or their Sufpicion before any Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate reftding near to the faid Storehouft, Warehoufe, or Dep6t, by Warrant for that Purpofe thereupon granted, to require of and from fuch Dealer who (hall have fu adver-tifed, and (hall be fo fworn to be fufpedted as aforefaid, the Production and Examination of the Book or Books of Entries hereby required by him or her to be kept, and infpedl snd examine the Cables deferibed in fuch Permit; and in cafe any fuch Dealer, when fo thereunto required as aforefaid, fhall negleCt or refufe to produce to the Perfon named in fuch Warrant as the Perfon on whofe Oath the fame (hall have been obtained, the Book or Books containing the Entries of fuch Dealer fo required to be made therein as aforefaid, or fhall negleCt to keep any fuch Book or Books in which Entries containing Accounts of the feveral Particulars hereinbefore required to be entered (hall be made, or to permit fuch Infpe&ion or Examination as aforefaid, or fhall after obtaining fuch Permit for the cutting up of any fuch Cable, and before the cutting up of the fame, negled to publifh fuch One or more Advertifement or Advertifements relative thereto as is herein-before directed and required, the Dealer or Dealers fo offending in all or any of the Particulars herein before mentioned fbali forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence, being his, her, or their Firft Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor lefs than Ten Pounds, and for every Second or further Offence any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor lefs than Twenty Pounds, One Half of which Penalty (hall on Conviction before any Juitice of the Peace or Magiftrate redding near as aforefaid, be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parifh or Townfhip in which fuch Offerees (hall be committed ; and in cafe any of the Penalties by this A6t impofed (hall not be paid, with the Charges incident to the Convi&ion, immediately upon fuch Convi&ion, the fame (hall and may be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate, upon the Goods and Chattels of any fuch Offender or Offenders; and in cafe no fufficient Diftrefs (hall be found, then every fuch Offender or Offenders (hall and may be committed by any fuch Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate as aforefaid, to Gaol, in cafe of any Firft Offence for the Space of Six Calendar Months, and in cafe of any Second or further Offence for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months, unlefs the faid Penalty and the Charges (hall be fooner paid.

XIX.	And be it further enadted, That from and after the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and nine, all Manufa&urers of Anchors and Kedge Anchors (hall place his, her, or their Name or Names, together with a progrefiive Number, and alfo the Weight of the Anchor, in legible Characters upon the Crown, and alfo upon the Shank under the Stock of each Anchor which he, (he, or they (hall manufa&ure, and (hall alfo place his, her, or their Name or Names, together with a Number, and alfo the Weight of the Kedge Anchor upon the Crown, and alfo upon the Shank near to the Stock of every Kedge Anchor which he, (he, or they (hall m4nufa&ure, and in cafe any fuch Manufa&urer (hall negle& to place fuch Name, Number, or Weight in the Manner berein-before directed and required, every fuch Perfon or Peifons fo offending (ball, on Cqnvision

before

 c^ooQle

5*3

A.D. 1809.	49°	GEO.	III.	C.	132.

before any Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate, on the Oath of One credible Witnefs, or on the Confefllon of the Party fo offending, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor lefs than Forty Shillings, One Half of which Penalty ftull be paid tq the In* former, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parifh or Townfhip in which fuch Offence fhall be committed.

XX.	* And, for the more eafy and fpeedy Conviftion of Offenders < again# this Aft/ Be it further enrfted. That all and every Juilice and Juftice9 of the Peace before whom any Perfon fhall be convifted of any Offence again ft this Aft, (hall and may caufe the Conviftioa to be drawn up according to the following Form ; videlicet;

:be it remembered, That on the	Day	of

*	in the Year of our Lord	A.	B.	is	convifted

c before me [or ms]	One [or. Two, as the Cafe may be]

*	of His Maj-ltv’s Juftices of the Peace for the	[here

*	Specify the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where committed, ‘ as the Cafe may be~\ contrary to an Aft paffed in the Forty-ninth 1 Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here infert

*	thi Title of this Ail ]. Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands

*	and Seals] the Day and Year firft above written/

And no Certiorari or other Writ or Procefs for the Removal of any fuch Conviftion, or any Proceedings thereon, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wefminfer, (hall be allowed or granted.

XXL And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons fo convifted by any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace before mentioned of any Offence or Offences again# this Aft, within Three Calendar Months next after fuch Conviftion, to appeal to the Juftices of the Peace affembled at the General Quarter Seffions holden for the County, City or Place where the Muter of •Appeal (halt arife, firft giving Ten Days Notice of fuch Appeal to the Perfon or Perfons appealed againft, and of the Matter thereof, and entering into a Recognizance before fomc Juftice of the Peace for fuch County, City, or Place, with Two fufficient Sureties conditioned to try fuch Appeal, and for abiding the Determination of the Court therein; and fuch Juftices at the General Quarter S-ffions fhall, upon due Proof of fuch Notice having been given, and Recognizance entered into, hear and determine the Matter of fuch Appeal, and may either confirm, or quafh and annul the faid Conviftion, and award fuch Cofts to either Party as to them fhall feem juft and reafonable, * and the Decifion of the faid Juftices therein, fhall be fiual, binding, and conclufive ; and no Proceeding to be had or taken in purfuance of this Aft, fhall be quafhed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, into any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wefminfer or elfe-where, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywife not-withftanding.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the Inhabitants of any Parifh, Townfhip, or Place, fhall be deemed and taken to be competent Witneffes for the Purpofe of proving the Commiflion of any Offence againft this Aft, within the Limits of fuch Parifh, Townfhip, or Place, notwithftanding the Penalty incurred by fuch Offence, or any Part thereof, is or may be given or applicable to the Poor of fuch Parifh, Townfhip, or Place, or other-

FormoFCon-

viftioiu

Appcal to General Quarter Seflkma.

Inhabitants

competent

Witneffes.

 CjOOQle

5H

Offences may

l>e tried where Articles found, or if fold in foreign Parts, where Offenders reticle.

This Aft (hall sot affed flat.

4ft G. 3. C* 130*

Nor (hall affed ft. 48 G. 3.

«. 104,

Itefmation of the Rights of the High Court of Admiralty.

Refemtion of the Rights of the Crown, and of

4^orcL> of Manors.

C. i	49°	GEO.	IIL	AJD.1809.

wife for the Benefit or Ufe, or in aid or in exoneration of fuch Parifh,

Town (hip, or Place.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded, That all Felonies, Mifde-meanor?, and ocher Offences under this Ad, (hall and may be laid to be committed, and (hall be tried in any City or County (being a County) where any fuch Article, Matter, or Thing in relation to which fuch Offence (hall have been committed, (hail have been found in the Poffcflion of the Petfon committing the Offence, or if the fame (hall have been fold in foreign Parts, then in the Country or Place in which the Perfon felling the lame (hall relide.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend or be cooftrued to extend to or be in force within the Lunits fpecified and direded in an Ad patted in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Act for preventing the various Frauds and Depredations committed on Merchants9 Ship Owners, and Underwriters, by Boatmen and otherswithin the Jurtfdiftion of the Cinque Ports, and alfo for remedy ing certain DefeSs relative to the Adjujlment of Salvage, under a Statute made in the Twelfth Tear of the Reign of Her late Majejly Queen Anne, or in any Manner to affed any of the Provifions of the faid Ad, but the faid recited Ad (hall remain in full Force within the Limits therein fpecified, as if this Ad had not been patted.

XXV.	Provided alfo, That nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to repeal, take away, or alter any of the Claufes, Powers, or Provifions contained io an Ad of Parliament made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Pilots and of the Pilotage of Ships and Veffels navigating the Britifh Seas, but that the (aid Ad (hall remain in full Force as if this Ad had not been patted.

XXVI.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further declared, That this Ad or any Thing herein contained (hall not extend or be con* (trued to extend to the taking away, abridging, prejudicing, or impeaching in any Manner whatever the Juhfdidion of the High Court of Admiralty of England^ or the Jurifdidion of the Admiralty Court of the Cirque Ports, Two ancient Towns and their Members, or of the Admiralty Court of the Borough of Great Tarmoutb, in the County of Norfolk, or of the Admiralty Court of the Borough of Dunwich, in the County of Suffolk, or of the Admiralty Court of the Borough of Southampton, in the County of Hants% orot the Admiralty Court of the Borough of Southwold, in the County of Suffolk, or of the Admiralty Court of the Borough of Lynn Regis, in the County of Norfolk, but that it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Courts refpedively, and the Judge or Judges thereof for the Time being, to have, ufe, exercife, and enjoy Jurifdidion over all fuch Matters, Rights, and Offences as they have heretofore had, ufed, exercifed and enjoyed, as fully and effedualiy to all Intents and Purpofea whatever, as if this Ad had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife ncxtwithftanding.

XXVII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby enaded. That neither this Ad, nor any Thing herein contained, (hall any ways extend, or be conftrued to extend, to deprive, or in any ways prejudice the Rights of His Majefty, bis Heirs or Succefforg, or any claiming under them, or any of them, or *ny Patentee or Grantee of the Crown, or any Lord or Lords, or Lady or Ladies of any Manor or Manors what-

foc?w>

 LjOOQle

AJD.i8o9*	49°	GEO.	III.	C.122. SPS

foever, but tbit fucb refpedive Rights fhall be enjoyed in as full* ample* and beneficial a Manner* in every Rrfpcd, as if this Ad had never been made.

XXVIII.	Provided alfo* and it is hereby further enaded and de- Refervatfon of dared, That this Ad, or any Thing herein contained, (hall not extend* the Rights of the or be conftrued to extend to the taking away, abridging, hindering, Trinity Houieof prejudicing, or impeaching of any Grant, Liberties, Franchifea, and DeptfoidStwiii. Privileges heretofore granted to and veiled in the Corporation of the

Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strond9 but that the faid Corporation (hall hold and enjoy the tame* as fully and effedually* to all Intents and Purpofes* as they might have done in cafe this Ad had never been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife not with Handing.

XXIX.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaded and de- Andofdw dared. That this Ad, or any Thing herein contained, (hall not Rights of the extend* or be conftrued to extend to the taking away, abridging* hin- Trinity dering, prejudicing* or impeaching of any Grant* Liberties, Franchifes, Newcaftfe "and and Privileges heretofore granted to and veiled in the Corporation of Scarborough* the Trinity Houfe of KingJlon-upon-Hull. or in the Mailers, Wardens*

and Brethren of the Trinity Honfesof Newcaflle-upon-Tyn* and Sear~ borough rtfptdively, but that the faid Corporation, and the faid Matters,

Wardens, and Brethren, (hall hold and enjoy the fame, as fully and effedually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as they might have done in cafe this Ad had never been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife not with Handing.

XXX.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaded and de- And of the clared, by the Authority aforefaid. That nothing in this Ad (hall Rights of the extend or be conftrued to extend to prejudice or take away any City of Loudoa. Right, Property, Authority, or Junfdidion of the Mayor of the City

of London, or of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, to, in, and upon the Rivers of "Thames and Medway.

XXX T. Provided alfo, and be it hereby further enaded, That A<ft {hall not nothing in this Ad contained (hdl extend or be conftrued to extend extend to Scot-to thefe P.rts ot the United Kingdom of Groat Britain and Ireland land or Ireland*, called Scotland and Ireland.

XXXII. ‘ And Whereas it is expedient that the like Means of 4 conclufively adj lifting and recovering the Quantum of the Monies

*	or Gratuities to be paid to the faid feveral Perfona ading or being

*	employed in the Salvage of any Ship or Veil'd, or the Materials

*	or Stores belonging thereto, or Goods or Perfons on board thereof,'

4 (hould fubfift, and be by Law applicable in Cafes where the Salvors

*	(hill have aded under and by the Employment and Authority of 4 any Magiftrate, or of the Commander or other fuperior Officers,

4 Manners, or Owners of any Ship or Vcffcl in Diftrefs, as are now

Law provided (or adjufting the Quantum of fuch Monies or 4 Gratuities which (hall have become due m Cafes where Application 4 (hall have been firfl made to the Officers of the Cuftoms, or other 4 the Officer or Officers in that Behalf named and appointed in and 4 by a certain Ad made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen 4 Anne, intituled, An A8 for preferring all fuch Ships and Goods thereof

*	which Jhall happen to be forced ajhore or Jlranded upon the Coajls of this 4 Kingdom, or any other of Her Majefly's Dominions ; and where fuch 4 Affittance fhall thereupon have been rendered, in purfuance of the 4 Provifion of that Statute f Be it therefore enaded, That from

• 4	and

 LjOOQle

$Z6

Regulations of 12An.it. 2.

C. 18. a* to adjuring and recovering Quantum of Salvage, extended to Cafes • of Salvage where Sailors have a£ted under Authority of a Magiflrate or the Captain, &c. of the Vaflel in Diftred*.

G.122.

49° GEO. III.

A.D.1809.

Continuance of the Aft*

and after the Firft of Augujl One thoufaod eight hundred and nine* a-1 and every the Means which in virtue of the faid laft mentioned Aft fubfift, and may now be by Law applied for the conclutivefy ad-juft irg, and for the recovering of the Quantum of the Monies or Gratuities to be paid to thefeveral Perfons afting or being employed in the Salvage of any Ship or Veffel, or the Materials or Stores belonging thereto, or Goods, in Cafes where Application (hall have been (kit made purfuant to the faid Aft to'Officers 6f the Cuftome, or other the Officer or Officers in that Behalf mentioned, and Afliftance (hall have been thereupon rendered and had in purfuance of the Provifions of the faid Aft, (hall be by Law applicable and available in like Man-ner to all Intents and Purpofes in Cafes where the Salvors fhall have afted under and by the Employment and Authority of any Magiftrate, or of the Commander or other fuperior Officers, Mariners, or Owners of any Ship or Veffel in Diftrefs, although no fuch Application (hall have been made to nor any Authority or Afliftance derived from any Officers of the Cuftoms, or other the Officer or Officers in the faid Statute in that Behalf mentioned ; and thereupon upon Payment or Tender and Refufal of the Quantum of the Monies or Gratuities to be paid to the feveral Perfons who (hall have afted or been employed in fuch Salvage, or in cafe fuch Payment or Tender cannot be made* on Security being given for the true Payment thereof, to the Satis-faftion of the Juftices who (hall have adjlifted fuch Quantum or Gratuities, it (hall not be lawful for*any Officer of the Cuftoms, or other Perfon or Perfons having the Poffeffion or Cuftody of fuch Ship, Veffel, Materials, Stores, or Goods, any longer to retain the Poffeffion or Cuftody of the fame, or any Part thereof, by Reafon or Pretence of any Claim or Right to a Compenfation or Gratuity of fuch Salvage as aforefaid, or for having afted or been employed therein.

** Publick Aft. § 33.

XXXIV. And be it further emfted, That this Aft (hall continue in force for Seven Years from the paffing hereof.

[See § Jfr.]

SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.

the	Day	of	in	the	Year	of our

Lord	before me

at	in the County of	[Ship’s

Name. ] A. B. [Here infert the Names of the Salvers againjl and name the Stores and other Articles ; (id tit) Anchors and Cables, &c. as the Cafe may be] certain Goods.and Merchandizes lately found and taken poffeffion of and belonging to the faid Ship, whereof was Mafter, and aifo againft the faid	Mafter

and the Owners [or if the Owners alone appear by themfelves or Agents, then leave out the Mafter*s Name'] of the laid Goods and Merchandize in a Caufe of Salvage. [Mafter s Name."] On which Day appeared perfonaily	ot	and

of	who	produced	themfelves as Sureties for the

faid	the	Mafter	and	for the Owners of the faid

Goods and Merchandize, and, fubmitting themfelves to the Jurif-diftion of the High Court of Admiralty of England, bound themfelves, their Heirs, Executors, and Adminiftrators for the faid Mnfter and Owners of the laid Goods and Merchandize, in the Sum



Google

A.D. 1809#	49*	GEO.	III.	C. 111,133.	$vj

of	of	lawful	Money	of	Great	Britain, unto

the faid	to anfwer fuch Salvage and Expenccs, or

the Value of the Goods as the Cafe may be, as (hall be herein-after decreed by the faid Court, according to the Tenor of the Aft in that Cafe made and provided; and unlefs they (hall do fo, they hereby confent that Execution (hall iffue forth againft' them, their Heirs,

Executors, and Adminiftrators, Goods and Chattels, wherever the fame (hall be found, to the Value of the Sum above mentioned.

This Bail was duly taken, acknowledged, and") received at the Time and Place above | written, before me the underligned Com- I miffioner, and I do believe and confider the ^

Perfons above mentioned fufficient Security for the faid Sum of

CAP. CXXIII.

An Act to explain and amend an Aft made in the Forty-fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majefty’s Navy during the prefent War 5 and for the further Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effeftually providing for the Intereft of the Royal Hofpital for Seamen at Greenwich, and the Royal Hofpital for Soldiers at Chelfia •, and to extend the Provisions of the faid Aft to Cafes arifing in confequence of Hohilities commenced fince the pafTingof the faid Aft. [20th June 1809.]

*	TI THE REAS by an Aft patted in the Forty-fifth Year of the

*	VV R"ign of His prefent M jefty, intituled. An AS for the^ 45G.3. c.7*.

*	Encouragement of Seamen and for the better and more effectually manning

*	His Majejly s Navy during'the prefent IVar. certain Provifions are ‘ made for the Couduft of the Officers in Vice Admiralty Courts ‘ refpeftmg Priz s thn ffiali have been adjudged in the faid Courts,

* which Provifions have not been found tffcftual for the good Pur-« pofeft intended thereby f Be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Confent of-the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflVmbled, and by Authority of the fame, That the Re^iftrars Regifirars of of every Vice Admiralty Court (hall, on the Twenty-fixth Day of Vice Admiralty Marchy the Twenty-fifth Day of June, the Thirtieth Day of ^ourts(hallevery September, and the Tvv.-nty-fixth Day of December in every Year, or ,

fo foon after each of fuch Quarter D ays refpeftively as any Ship (hall Admiralt^aud fail for England, tranfmit to the Regiftrar of the High Court of Ad- Treafurer of miralty, and the Treafurer of the Royal Hofpital at Greenwich, a Greenwich Lift of all the Prizes that fhall have been adjudged in their Courts Hafpital, Lift refpeftively during the preceding Quarter of a Year, together w:th the Names of the capturing Ship9 and their Commanders, and the [^45^.3. Agents of the Captors, with a Copy of the decretal Part of the Sen- c. 72. §48 ] tences upon the fame; and at the fame Time deliver or caufe to be delivered Duplicates of the fame to the Deputies of the faid Treafurer refident at the feveral Places where fuch Courts of Vice Admiralty are •r (ball be eftablilhed, or to which their Jurifdiftion (hall extend,

.	which

 CjOoq ie

Regiftrars of Admiralty and Vice Admiralty Courts lhall every Quarter tranfmit to Greenwich Hofpitai, Copies «f Entries of Letters of Attorney, &c. as dueled by <iSG.d. c. 72*

| 56.	59*

And al& Copies of Letters of Attorney fo Bcgifteted.

which Lifts fo to he tranfmitted to the Regiftrar of the High Court of Admiralty (hall be hung up for publick Infpeftion in the Rcgiftry of the High Court of Admiralty in Doctors Commons, in the fame Manner as is by the faid recited Aft required with refpeft to the Lifts therein directed to be tranfmitted iialf-yearly.

II.	And be it further enafted, That the Regiftrar or Regiftrars

of the High Court of Admiralty, and of every Court of Vice Admiralty in Hia Majefty's Dominions, (hall, on the Twenty-fix^h Day of March, the Twenty-fifth Day of June, the Thirtieth Day of September, and the Twenty-fixth Day of December in’every Year, or within Fourteen Days afrrr each of fuch Quarter Days refpeftively, fo far as relates to the High Court of Admiralty, and with refpeft to Courts of Vice Admiralty, as foon after each fuch Quarterly Days as any Ship or Veffti (hall fail for Great Britain, deliver to the Treafurer of the faid Hofpitai, or to hie lawful Deputy for the Time being, a true Copy orTranfcript under his or their Hand or Hands, of the feveral Entries of the Letters of Attorney and ether Particulars by the faid recited Aft directed to be entered or rendered in the Books of fuch Regiftrars, in the Manner therein mentioned; and if any fuch Regiftrar or Regiftrars (hall neghft or refufe to tranfmit or deliver fuch-Copies or Tranfcripts within the refpeftive Times by this Aft limited for that Purpofe, he or they (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds : Provided always, that if any Agent or Agents (hall be appointed after the Time any Sentence of Condemnation in any of the faid Courts of Admiralty (hail be given, fuch Agent or Agents (hall, under the aforefaid Penalty, regifter or caufe to be regiftcred in Manner aforefaid, his or their refpeftive Letters or Letter of Attorney appointing him or them Agent or Agents as aforefaid, within the Space of Twenty Days after the Date of the faid Letter or Letters of Attorney.	<

III.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Regiftrar and Re-

giftrars of the faid Courts of Vice Admiralty (hall, on the Twenty-fixtb Day of March, the Twenty-fifth Day of June, the Thirtieth Day of September, and the Twenty-fixth Day ot December, in every Year, transcribe, and as foon after each of fuch Quarter Days refpeftively as any Ship (hall fail for Great Britain, tranfmit to the Treafurer of the faid Royal Hofpitai at Greenwich, Copies of all Letters of Attorney which fhall have been regiftcred m Manner direfted by the laid Aft in the Three Months preceding, authenticated under the Seal of the Judge in Manner in the faid Aft expreffed, and for the Purp fes in the fame Aft mentioned, and (hall at the fame Time deliver «r caufe to be delivered fimilar Copies to the Deputies of the faid Treafurer refident at the leveral Places where fuch Courts of Vice Admiralty are or lhall be tftabliftied, or at any Place within the Jurifdiftion of fuch Courts refpeftively, the Charge* cf which Copies, and affixing the Seal or Seals thereto, and tranfmittiog and delivering the fame to the Treafurer of the faid Hofpitai and his Deputies, (hall be paid by the faid Agent or Agents at the Time q£ making fuch Regiftrv as aforefaid; and in cafe fuch Regiftrar or Regiftrars (hall neghft or refufe to tranferibe and tranfmit, or deliver inch Copy or Copies of fuch Letter or Letters of Attorney, in Manner and within the Times by this Aft direfted and Jimited, he or they (hall for every fuch Offence* forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.	•	'	,r

IV. ‘ And

 CjOOQle

A,D.i8o9«	49®	GEO.	III.	C.123.	529

IV.	* And Whereas it is necefla»y that further Provifions fhould

*	be made refpeding the making out and delivering of Prize Lifts,

*	a»d for Relief of Pcrfons whofe Names may be improperly omitted

*	therein Be it therefore enaded, That when any Prize fhall be Vunher Pro-taken by any of His Majefty's Ships or VefTels of War, or hired armed vifions refpe&ing Vtflels, the Captain or Commander of the capturing Ship, or fome the making out Perfon or Perfohs under his Authority, (hail forthwith make out and “I*

deliver or fend to the Agent or Agents appointed to fell and diftribute f^iLlief of fuch Prize, or any Bounty Money payable in refped thereof, fuch a pcrfon5 impro-corred and particular Lift of the Ptrlons entitled to (hare therein as perly omitted, is in and by the faid recited Ad mentioned and deferibed, which Prize 43 Lift (hall be fubferibed by every fuch Captain or Commander, and by c*'2, the Lieutenant, and if more than one, then by the Firft Lieutenant, and alfo by the Mafter and Purler or Perfon or Perfons ading as fuch, of every capturing Ship or VefTel to which the fame relates, after the fame (hall have been carefully compared with the Mufter Books of every fuch Ship or Veflel; and the Agent or Agents making Diftr:-bution conformably to any Prize Lilt fo fubferibed, (hal have the fame Protedion that is given to him or them by the Provifions of the faid Ad in making Diftribution conformably to a Prize Lift certified as therein is direded : Provided always, that any Error in any fuch L'ft may be correded by a Comparifon with the Mufter Book or Books from which the fame was taken at any Time prior to adual Diftribution : Provided alfo, that in all Cafes whe-ein any Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commiffioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, adually entitled to (hare in any Capture, fhall, after Diftribution has been made, be proved by a Comparifon with the Mufter Books or Returns in the Navy Office or otherwife, to the Satisfadion of the Commiffioner8 of the Navy or any Three of them to have been adually fo entitled, but omitted in the Diftribution Lift by Accident or Default, ii (hall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners or any Three of them to certify fuch Omiffion to the Board of Diredors of the faid Royal Hofpital at Greenwich, who (hall thereupon caufe the Amount of the Share to which fuch Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commiffioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, if inferted in the Diftribution Lift, would have been entitled to be paid out of the non-claimed or run Men’s Shares of the fame Prize, or out of the General Fund of unclaimed and forfeited Shares of Prize Money in the Hands of the faid Tre4furer of thedaid Roy^l Hofpital; and the faid Trea-furer or his Deputy fhall thereupon be entitled to maintain and pro-fecute in the Name of fuch Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commiffioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, at the Charge and to the Ufe of the faid Hofpital, any Adion or Suit againft the Agent or Agents for the Recovery of the Amount of the Money fo paid, that the faid Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commiffioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, might himfelf have maintained if he had not received a Satisfadion for the fame from the faid Hofpital; but if fuch Agent or Agents (hall be made liable to any fuch Demands in confequence of an Omiffion or Miltake in any Prize Lift certified to him or them a3 aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for him or them to ftop and retain the Amount of the Share for which he fhall be fo liable out of any Prize or Bounty Money in his or their Hands, payable to the Captain or Commander by whom fuch Prize Lift was figned and certified as aforefaid, or his Executor or Adminiftrators, or to have a Remedy 49 Geo. III.	M	m	over



Agents {hall tranfmit Notice of Condemnation to the Treafurer or Paymafler of the Navy.

[See 45 G. 3.

c.72. §66.]

Further Pro-vitions refpe&ing Notices of Payment of Prize M. .ney and Head Money. ’[.SVe 43 G. 3. c.72- §73.]

C.123.	49* GEO. lU*	A.D. i3o£.

over by Ad;on againft him, them or any of them, for any Charge or Damage thereby fuftained.

V.	‘ And Whereas it is by the faid Ad further enaded, That

*	every Agent refidentin the United ICingdom (hall within Six Weeks ‘ after any Condemnation in the High Court of Admiralty, tranfmit

*	a Notice of fuch Condemnation to the Treafurer of Greenwich

*	Hofpital or his Deputy, together with an Account of the State of ‘ the Property condemned at the Time of fuch Tranfmifiion ;* Be. it further enad-d, That every fuch Agent (hall within Six Weeks after any Condemnation in the High Court of Admiralty, tranfmit a fimilar Notice of fuch Condemnation to the Treafurer or Paymafter of His Majefty*© Navy, together with a fimilar Account of the State of the Property condemned at the Time of fuch Tranfmifiion, on pain of forfeiting for every Ntgled the Sum of Five hundred Pounds* unlefs a reafonable Cauft fhail be fhewn to and approved by the Court of Admiralty.

VI.	‘ And Whereas it is neceflary to make further Provifions re«

*	fpeding Notices to be given of the Payment of Prize Money in

*	confequence of Condemnations in Courts of Vice Admiralty, and

*	alfo of Bounty Money granted by the faid recited Ad, in refped

*	of the Number of Men on board the Enemy’s Ships taken, funk, 1 burnt, or other wife deftroyed, as in the faid Ad is mentioned;* Be it therefore further enaded, That all and every Perfon or Perfons appointed or to be appointed for the Receipt and Diftribution of any Bounty Money by the faid Ad granted, (hall tranfmit or deliver written Notifications of an individual Share of fuch Bounty Money to the Perfons herein-aftcr mentioned ; and that in all Cafes in which any Agent or Agents, Perfon or Perfons appointed or to be appointed for the Payment or Diftribution cf any fuch Prize Money or Bounty Money who are required by the laid Ad to deliver to any Ofh:tr of the Cultoms Three Gazettes, Newfpapers, or written Notifications, to be trar.fmitted to England\ fuch Agent or Agents, Perfon or Perfons fhail, inftcad thereof, deliver Six fuch Gazettes, Newfpapers, or written Notifications of Diftriburion, in like Manner fubferibed by him or them, together with Six fuch Notifications of the Amount of an individual Share of both Prize and Bounty Money, or either (as the Cife may be) in each Ciafs; and the Officer receiving the fame fhail fubferibe his Name to each of the faid Six Gazettes, Newfpapers, or written Notifications of Diftribution, as by the faid Ad is dired-d, and fhali forthwith deliver one of the faid Gazettes, Newfpapers, or written Notifications of Diftribution, together with one of the faid Notifications, of the Amouut of an individual Share of both Prize at d Bounty Money, or either (as the Cafe may be) in each CUfs, to the Deputy to the Treafurer of Greenwich Hofpital, reiident at the P.ace where fuch Court of Vice Admiralty is or fhail be eftablifhed, or to which us Jurifdidion fhail extend, and by the firft Ship which (hall fail for any Port in Great Britain, fhail tranfmit another of the laid Gazettes, Newfpapers, or Notifications of D'ftri-bution, together with one of the faid Notifications, of the Amount of an individual Share to the Treafurer of the Royal Hofpital at Greenwich or his Deputy there, and another to the Treafurer ©r Pay-, matter of the Navy in London, and fhail by the Second Ship or VcflTel which (hall fail from the Port or Place where the faid Gazettes, Newfpapers, or written Notifications fhali be fo delivered, for any

 v^ooQle

A.D.1809.

49* GEO. III.

C.123.

Port of Great Britain, tranfmit in like Manner to each of the above-mentioned Officers one other of the faid Gazettes, Newfpapers, or other Notifications, of the Amount of an individual Share of both Prize and Bounty Money, or cither (as the Cafe may be), in each Clafs, marked by him as Duplicates of the former, and (hall carefully preferve and keep in his Cuftddy the Sixth of the faid Gazettes, Newfpapers, or written Notifications of Diftribution, together with the Sixth of the faid Notificaticuaa of the Amount of an individual Share of both Prize and Bounty Monev, or either (as the Cafe may be) in e?.ch Clafs; and at all Ports and Places where Vice Admiralty Courts* with Jurifdidlion in Prize Caufes, are or (hall be conltituted, at which there (hall be no Collc&or, Comptroller, or Searcher, or other Officer of the Cuftoms, the faid Gazettes, Newfpapers, or other Notifications of Diitribu'ion, together with the faid Notifications of the Amount of an individual Share of both Prize and Bounty Money, or either (as the Cafe may be) in each Clafs, (hall be delivered to and tranfmitted and kept refpedtively in like Manner by the Regiftrar or Deputy Regiftrar of fuch Vice Admit alty Court; and at all other Placet where Prize or Bounty Money (hall be diftributed or payable where there (hall be no Court of Vice Admiralty, the faid Gazettes, Newt papers, or written Notifications of Diftribution, together with the (aid Notifications of the Amount of an individual Share of both Prize and Bounty Money, or either (as the Cife may be) in each Clafs, (hall be delivered to the principal Civil Officer of the faid Place or his Deputy, for the Purpofe of being tranfmitted and kept as aforefaid ; and all and every Perfon and Perlon3, Agent and Agents, appointed or to be appointed for the Payment or Diftribution of any Prize Monty or Bounty Money, who (hail negledt or refufe to deliver the faid feveral Gazettes, Newfpapers, or written Notifications of Diftribution, together with the faid feveral Notifications of the Amount of an individual Share of both Prize and Bounty Money, or either (as the Cafe may be) in each Clafs, as herein-before dire&ed to be tranfmitted, (tall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every Colledlor, Comptroller, Searcher, or principal Officer of His M jefty's Cuftoms, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, Regiftrar or Deputy Regiftrar of fuch Vice Admiralty Court, or other Perfon as aforefaid, who (hall negleft or refufe to receive, or to attcftt or who (ball not tranfmit, fend, or keep any fuch Gazette, Newfpaper, ;or written Notification of Diftribution, or any fuch Notification of the Amount pf an individual Share in each Clafs, in Manner herein-before direfted, (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

VII. ‘ And Whereas it is expedient that the Provifions made in 4 the before recited Adt paffed in the Forty, fifth Year of His prefent 4 Majefty, for irfming a fpeedy Diftribution of the Share of Captors * of Prizes takm by His Majefty’g Ships fhould be more effedhially 4 enforced Be it therefore ena&ed, That in all Cafes where the Prizes (hall have been fold, and the Time of Appeals (hall have elapfed, or if an-Appeal (hall have been lodged, the fame (hall have been abandoned, and the Diftribution (hall not have been made within the Time and in the Manner required by the faid recited Adi; the Officer for Prizes in the Office of Treafurer of the Navy, (hall ftate fuch Failure to the Trdafurer of the Navy, who (hall thereupon apply to the High Court of Admiralty for a Monition or fuch other Procefs of the Court

Mm2	as

531

I; •

Where Diftribution of Prize* i$ not .made in $he Time required by 45 G. 3. c.72.

[§ 70, 71, 72.] fuch Failure ihall be .ftated to Yreafvrer of die ISavjr, &c.



Google

53*

C. 123.	45®	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1*09.

Notion to be printed on Orders for receiving Priie Money.

In Cafes where any Claim of Prize Money Ihall be made, with a Requifition (SeeSchedule A.) that fuch Claim may be fatisfied, •r a Reafon affigned, and the Reafon afligned be tliat fuch Claim has been fatisfied, the Agent (hall fpecify the Name, &c. of the Perfon who received it.

as may be expedient under the CircumfUnces of the Cafe, for compelling a fpeedy and effe&ual Diftribution of the Proceeds.

VIII. And be it further enafted, That upon every Order for receiving the Prize Money of a Petty Officer, Seaman. Non-commif-fioned Officer of Marines or Marine, the following Words (hall be printed or written, before the fame (hall be attefted ; (videlicet)*

*	Take Notice, that no Pritfe Money can be received under this

*	Order, except by an Agent duly Iicenfed, in conformity to the A&

*	of Parliament of the Forty-ninth Year of King George the Third, f or by the Wife, one of the Parents, or Children of the Grantor;

*	and that every Offence againft the faid Provifion of the above recittd f Ad, is punifhable as a Mifdemeanor.,

' IX. And be it further ena&ed, l^hat in all Cafes in which any Claim of Prize or Bounty Money (hall be made upon any Prize Agent or Prize Agents, accompanied with a Requifition in Writing from the Clerk of the Cheque of the faid Royal Hofpital or the Officer for Prizes in the Navy Pay Office, in the Form in the Schedule to thia Adi annexed, marked (A.) requiring that fuch Claim may be either fatisfied, or a Reafon affigned for its Difaliowance, fuch Prize Agent or Prize Agents (hall either pay the fame, or ftate in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands the Reafon of his or their refufing to do fo, and deliver the fame to the Party claiming the fame, and prefenting fuch Requifition ; and if the Reafon affigned be that fuch Claim has been already fatisfied, the faid Agent or Agents fhall fpecify the Name and Place of Abode of the Perfon or Perfons by whom the Amount thereof was received, and under what Authority, from the Claimant or Claimants, and at what Time or Times the fame was paid : and if any fuch Agent or Agents refufing Paymeit of any fuch Prize or Bounty Money, /ball omit at the Time of fuch Claim being made, accompanied by fuch Requifition as afore faid. or within Two Days afterwards to give and fubferibe fuch Information as to the Caufe of not fatisfying fuch Claim, he or they (hall forfeit and pay to fuch Claimant or Claimants Double the Amount of the Sum fo claimed.

to be recovered by him, her, or them, with full Coifs of Suit in an Adion of Debt, wherein it fhall be fufficient for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to declare againft the Defendant or Defendants for fo much Money had and received by him or them to and for the Ufe of fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; and that Proof of fuch Claim, and of the Service of fuch Requifition as is herein-before mentioned, upon fuch Agent or Agents, fhall be and be deemed fufficient Evidence in Support of any fuch Adion ; any Law, Statute, or Ufage to the contrary in any-tvife notwithstanding.

X. * And Whereas it is exoedient that further Provifions fhould

*	be made for a more certain Tranfmiffioa to the Treafurer of Greenr ‘ wicb Hofpital, of Accounts of the Produce of Prizes, and of the

*	Diftributions to the Captor3, and for more effectually enforcing the

*	Payment of all Balances in the Hands of Agents to the faid Trea*

At thaEnd of	* furer	Be it therefore enadtd, That every Agent for a Prize or

Four Menthsj Prizes, and Perfon authorized to receive any Bounty Biil or Bills, (hall

#n<* he anc* they *s an<* arc hereby required, at the End of Four Agents{hafl'pay* Months next after the Day on which Diftribution fhall have been •vfT Balance to	notified	purfuant to the Dirc&ions in the faid Ad contained, to pay

Greenwich	over all	Shares and Balances which fhall then remain in his or their

Hofpital, Ac.

[<SVe 45 G. 3.

7*. I 80-1

Hands unpaid and undiftributed, to the Treafurer of Greenwich

Hofpital,



533

A;D.i8c9«	49* GEO. lit;	C.123.

Hofpital, or fuch Perfon or Pcrfons as he (hall appoint or depute to receive the fame, and render and verify his and their Accounts in the Manner by the faid Aft direfted, under the like Penalties for Negleft of Duty as are by the faid Aft impofed for negleft iug to make, render, and verify fuch Payments and Accounts within Four Mooths next after the firft Piitribution of fuch Prize and Bounty Monies.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That every Prize Agent, (hall at Agents (hall

the fame Time that he exhibits or tranfmits an attrfted Copy of the •*7infrnit attcllesl detailed Accounts of tSe Sale of any Prize or Prizes, together with	of	Sale

attrfted Copies of all Vouchers to the Courts of Adm:ralty or Vice and Vouchers,* Admiralty refptftively, as direfted by the faid recited Aft, (hail, and to Greenwich he is hereby direfted and required to tranfmit another attefted Copy Hofpital.

of the faid detailed Accounts and Vouchers to the Treafurer of the faid Royal Hofpital at Greenwich j and every fuch Agent who fhail negleft or refufe to tranfmit fuch laft-mentioned attefted Copits of Accounts and Vouchers to the faid Treafurer, (halt forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied in Manner herein-after direft d.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That the Agent or Agents for Agents ®f Prizes

any Prize or Prizes condemned or to be condemned in the Eajl Indies, condemned in fhail, under the Direftion of the Court of Vice Admiialty wherein	Indies

fuch Condemnation fhail have pafTed, on the Application of the De-

puty to the Treafurer of Greenwich Hofpital there rtfident, and in and Balances fuch Manner as in any Order to be made for that Purpofe fhail be to the Ufe of fpecifitd, remit all unclaimed and forfeited Shares and Balances to Greenwich the Treafurer in England, or pay the fame over to the faid Deputy, ttofpitai. at the Eleftion of h«m the faid Deputy, fo that the fame may be paid to the faid Treafurer within Twelve Months after the faid Agent or Agents fhail have exhibited his or their Accounts in fuch Court of Vice Admiralty as aforefaid, on pain of forfeiting his or their Bond or Bonds given and entered into purfuant to the Direftions of the faid Aft.

XIII.	‘ And Whereas further Provifion is neceflary to prevent the *• Fabrication of Orders and Certificates entitling Perfons to receive * Prize Money due to Seamen and others f Be it therefore enafted.

That all Shares of Prize and Bounty Money due or which fhail be- Fur regulating come due to any Petty Officer, Seaman, Non-commiffioned Officer Orders andCer-of Marines, Marine, or Soldier, or any Perfon rated as a Boy or tificates, for the borne as a Supernumerary in His M^jefty'a Naval Service, fhail be	of	Prize

paid by the Agent or Agents to the Captors (if the Money fhail be MoneJ* in hi3 or their Poffcffionl or the Treafurer of the faid Royal Hofpital for the Time being or nis Deputy, and the Clerk of the Cheque of the faid Royal Hofpital for the Time being, or his Chief Clerk (if the fame fhail have been paid over to the faid Treafurer) to the Perfon entitled thereto, or to any other Perfon authorized to receive the fame, by any Order in the Form or to the Effeft fet forth in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (B.) which Order fhail fpecify the Name of the Prize or Prizes diftributed or for Diftribution, or give fuch Dcfcription thereof as fhail be fatisfaftory to the Perfon or rcr-fons in whofe PofTeffion the faid Prize or Bounty Money may happen to be, and who fhail be called upon to pay the fame; and if the Capture fhail have been upoo the Land, the Name of the Place captured, together with the Name of His Majefty’s Ship or VefTel of War on J>oard of which the Perfon making the Order was ferviog at the Time

Mm3	fuch

 CjOOQle

534

C.123.	49*	GEO.	III.	A.D.i&of,

fuch Prize or Prizes or Capture or Captures was or were made, and the Pcrfon making fuch Order fhall alfo procure a Certificate in the Form or to the Effe& fet forth in the faid Schedule Marked (B.) which Certificate fhall contain a full Description of the Pcrfon making fuch Order, and (hall be figned by the Captain or Commanding Officer on board, and One other figning Officer of the Ship or VefTcl in which the Perfon making fuch Order fhall be then fcrving, if there fhall be more than One fuch finning Officer on board or belonging to fuch Ship or VefTcl; and if the Perfon making fuch Order fhall he dif-charged from the Service, and fhall be refider.t at any Port or Place at which a Deputy to the Treafurer of the faid Royal Hofpital fhall be appointed, then fuch Certificate, fpccifying the Particulars before mentioned, fhall be figned by fuch Deputy ; and if the Perfon making fuch Order fhall refide within Four Miles of the faid Royal Hofpital, then the faid Certificate fhall be figned by the Clerk of the Checque of the faid Royal Hofpital, or his Chief CUrk; and if at any other Place within the Bills of Mortality, then the fame fhall be figned bjr the Officer for Prizes in the Navy Pay Office, or his Afliftant; and if at any Place in England at which no Deputy to the Treafurer of the faid Royal Hofpital fhall be appointed, and not being within the Bills of Mortality, or within Four Miles of the faid Royal Hofpital, then fuch Certificate, fpecifying the Particulars before mentioned, fhall be figned by the Minifter and One of the Churchwardens; and it in Scotland, by the Mini Her and One of the Eiders of the Parifh or Place in which fuch Pcrlon fhall refide at the Time of making fuch Order; and if the Pcrfon making fuch Older fhall be a Non-cora-roiflioned Officer of Marines, or a Marine, at Head Quarters, then fuch Certificate, fpecifying the Particulars before mentioned, fhall be figned by the Colonel or Commanding Officer for the Time being, and the Adjutant of the Divifion o^ Marines to which fuch Pcrfon fo making fuch Order {hall at the Time belong 5 and if the Perfon making fuch Order fhall be on Shore at Sick Quarters, then fuch Certificate, fpecifying the Particulars before-mentioned, fhall be limned by the Surgeon at fuch Sick Quarters and One of his Affiftautst which Certificate fhall be written or printed on the fame Paper containing fuch Order, and vehieh Order and Certificate being prefented together, and the faid Order being paid, fuch Order and Certificate fhall remain with the Agent or Agents to the Captors, or the Treafurer of the faid Royal Hofpital or his Deputy, paying the fame:

' All Orders Provided always, that every fuch Order, as above dc-feribed, fhall revokeable. be revokeable at Pleafure by the Perfon making the fame : Provided No Orders valid alfo, that no fuch Order fhdl be vaiid to authorize the Receipt of any wher« the Party Prize Money cr Bounty Money which fliall be in courfe of Payment entitled is ct Diftribution, if the Party making fuch Order fhall be then redding jefidenu	or dwelling within the Dillance of Five Miles from the Place where

fuch Prize Money or Bounty Money fhall be payable ; and if any Agent or Agents for Prizes fhall pay or caufe to be paid any Share of Prize Money or Bounty Money to any Perfon or Perfons, upon any Order made within that Didance of the Place whtre fuch-Prize Money or Bounty Money fhall be payable, fuch Prize Money or Bounty Money being in courfe of Diftribution at the Time of making fuch Order, fuch Payment fhall be void to all Intents and Purpofes; and the Agent or Agents making the fame fhall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Cofts of Suit, and

applied



Google

A.D. 1809,	490	GEO,	III*	C.123.	535

applied in fuch Manner refpeftively as is hercio-after mentioned 5 and Forging Order* if any Perfon or Perfons (hall falfely make, forge, or counterfeit, or p^lonv within * caufe or procure any other Perfon or Perfons falftly to make, forge, clergy. 1 * or counterfeit, or (hall willingly aft or affift in the falfe making, forging, or counterfeiting any fuch Order 01 Certificate as above fpc-cified, or (hall utter or publiffi as true any fuch falfe, forged, or counterfeited Order or Certificate, knowing the fame to be falfe, forged, or counterfeited, with latent to defraud any Perfon or Perfons, or any Corporation, every fuch Perfon being thereof lawfully convifted, (hall be deemed guilty of Felony, and (hall fuffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

XIV.	And be it further enafted. That if any Perfon (hall infert Altering Orders, or caufe to be inftrted in any Order or Authority (or receiving Prize Mii’demwnur. Money, after Atttftdtion thereof as herein-btfore direfted. the Name of any Prize or Biur.ty Money, other than what (hall have been originally exprefled in the faM Order or Authority when the fame (hall have been attefted, the faid Perfon (hall for every fuch Offence be deemed guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and be punifhrd accordingly.

41 Orders or Powers of Attorney, heretofore made under 43 G• 3.

“ c. 16o. or any other Afts now repealed, (hall become void iinkfs “ they are made to a Wife, Child, Father, Mother, Grandfather,

“ Grandmother, Brother, Siller, Uncle, Aunt, Nephew, or Niece 41 of the Party giving the Order. § 15.

XVT. 4 And Whereas it hath been deemed expedient that the Pro-

*	vifions contained in the faid recittd Aft, refpefting the unclaimed 4 and unpaid Shares of Soldiers ferving in any conjunft Expedition 4 with His Majefty’s Naval Force?, (hould be explained and amended,

4 and that fevcral of the other Provilions contained in the fame Aft,

4 and alfo of thofe herein contained, (hould be extended to or in favour

*	of the Royal Hofpital at Chelfea % and for the Benefit of the Officers

‘ and Soldiers of His Majefty’s Army, Royal Artillery, Provincial 4 Black, and all other Troops in the Pay of His Majcfty, in cafes 4 of conjunft Expeditions of the Army and NavyBe it therefore enafted by the Authority aforetyd. That all unclaimed and unpaid Unclaimed Shares of Prize or Balances remaining unpaid to Officers and Soldiers ^£re8> &c* of the Army, Royal Artillery, Provincial, Black, and all other Soldiere in the Troops in the Pay of His Majefty, in Cafes of fuch conjunft Ex- Array, in cafes peditions as aforefaid, (hall be paid to the Trcafurer or Deputy ofconjunA Trealurcr for the Time being of Chelfea Hofpital, within Four Expeditions, Months next after the Day on which Diftribution thereof (hall be	,0„

notified purfuant to this Aft, fubjeft nevertheless to be refunded to chelfeaHofpital* any Individual entitled to the fame, and eftablifhing his Claim thereto, and feveral Bene-within Six Years after fuch Payment thereof; and that fuch of the fits of faid A& fame Shares or Balances as (hall not be legal y demanded within the 45 G, 3. c. 72. fa?d Term of Six Years, and alfo the Shares of Prize of all fuch Offi- 55!t5^ej!tot** cers and Soldiers as (hall be marked in the Books of any Regiment or *	°*Hta‘*

Corps in the Service of His Majefty, bis Heirs or Succeilbrs, as having

deferted therefrom, (hall be forfeited to and to the Ufe of Chelfea Hofpital aforefaid, unlefs fuch Soldiers as (hall have deferted (hall be reftored by His Majelly’s Proclamation, or otherwife pardoned ; and unlefs with refpeft to the Shares of fuch Officers and Soldiers as (hall not be claimed within the faid Period of Six Years, reafonable Caufe (ball be (hewn to and allowed by the Commiffijncrs for managing the

M m 4	Affaira



Dogle

53*

In conjunct Expeditions, Regiftran of Vice Admiralty Courts {hail traufm'it to Treafurer of Chelfea Hofpital Lifts of Prizes, he. •

Judges of Admiralty Courts fhall adopt the like Meafures in' favour of Chelfea as Greenwich Hofpital; and Agents fhall tranfmit Notices ©f Condemnation to Chelfea Hofpital.

Agents (hall deliver Notifications of Dilhi-lmtion of Prizes, &c. for Chelfea fiufpital.

C.123. '	490	GEO. III.	A*D.i8o9«

Affairs of the faid Hofpital, or by the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, why fiich lall mentioned Shares were not claimed in due Time; and that it ftnll be hwful for the faid ialt mentioned Treafurer or his Deputy to compel the Agents for the Army to bring in the Proceeds of the Sales of Prizes into Court, and to enforce Diftribu-tio ; thereof, and to. exhibit and verify their Accounts, and pay over the Balances thereof in like Manner and bv the like Means and Methods as the Trealurer of the Navy, the Treafurer of Greenwich Hofpital, or any Captors, is or are by the faid recited Adi or this pref nt At), or any other Law, empowered to compel the bringing in of Proceed* and enforcing Diftrihution thereof, and the Produdlion and Verification of Accounts and Payment of unclaimed Shares and Balances by the Naval Prize AgentP, and under and fubjed to the fame or the like Penalties or Forfeitures for every Refufal or Negiedl in the Premifts, as they are liable to in refpedl of any Shares, Balances, and Acounts, direded by the faid recited Adi to be paid or produced to the Treafurer or Deputy Treafurer of Greenwich Hofpital.

XVII.	And be it further enadled, That in ail Cafes of fuch con-jundl Expeditions as afortfaid, the Regiftrars of every Vice Admiralty Court fhall tranfmit to the Treafurer or Deputy Treafurer of Chelfea Hofpital, to be regidered there, fuch Lills of Prizes, and other Particulars and Documents relating thereto, and aifo fuch Copies of Entries in their Books relative to any Matters in which the Officers and Soldiers of the Army fhall be concerned or intcrelled, and of Letters of Attorney of Offi ers and Soldiers in the At my rtgiilered in their Courts, as they are hereby diredled to tranfmit to the Trea* furer of Greenwich Hofpital, and at the fame Times, and under tbf fame Penalties for Negledls therein refpedlively; and that true Copies of fuch Letters of Attorney, fo to be tranfmit ted and rtgiilered, fhall be Evidence of Agency in like Manner as in the faid recited Act is mentioned in that Behalf, refpeding the Copies tranfmitted to and regiflered by the Treafurer of Greenwich Hofpital.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled, That in all Cafes of fuch conjunct Expeditions as atorefaid, it fhall be lawful for the Judge of any Vice Admiralty Court, in all Cafes of Condemnation, wherp there is no Claimant or Appellant before the Court, and for the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, in all Cafes where any Sentence of Conce r.nation pronounced in that Court is appealed from, to adopt fuch Meafures and Procedings in favour or on behalf of Chelfea Hofpital, refpeding the Proceeds of all Prizes in which the Officers and Soldiers of the Army employed in fuch Expeditions fhall beinterelled, as the (aid Judges refpe&ively are by the laid recited Ad authorized to adopt in favour or on behalf of Greenwich Hofpital; and that every Agent rcfiJent in the United Kingdom fhall, within Six Weeks after any Condemnation in the faid High Court of Admiralty, tranfmit fuch Notice to the Treafurer or Deputy Treafurer of Che'fea Hofpital, as he is diredrd by the faid recited Ad to tranfmit to the Treafurer of Greenwich Hofpital, and under the fame Penalty for every Negltd in that Behalf.

XIX.	And belt further enaded, That in all Cafes of fuch con-

i*u .& Expeditions a3 aferefaid, the Perfons or Agents appointed as lerein is mentioned or referred to, for the Payment of the Shares of Prizes, fhall after the Sale or Sales of any Prize or Prizes taken or to be taken upon any of fuch Expeditions! deliver to the Colledor,

Comptroller,



A.D.t8o9>

49* GEO. III.

C« 123.	|37

Comptroller, Searcher, or other Officer herein mentioned in that

Behalf, a printed or written Notification, to be fubicribed and transmitted by him to the Treafurer or Deputy Treafurer of Chelfea Hofpital, of the Time of Payment of the Shares of the fames Prizes, and pit Particulars relating thereto, and alfo together therewith a written Notification of the Amount of an individual Share in each Oafs, in like Manner a* fuch Notifications are hereby dire&ed to be tranf-mitted to the Treahmr of Greenwich, Hofpital, and under the fame Penalties for nc^ieding to deliver Qr trpnfmit the fame Notifications to the Treafurer or Deputy Treafurer of Chelfea Hofpital asaforefaid; and that all fuch Notifications to be tranfmitted to and regiflered at that Hofpital asaforefaid fhall, on fuch Proof as in the faid recited A& is mentioned, be Evidence in Manner therein expreffed in that Pehalf.

XX.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if any Officroofthe Commifiioned Officer of the Army fhall dir«&, by any Order in Army may dircft 'Writing, that his diftributive Share or Balance of any Prize or Prizes their Shares to fhall not be paid over to the Treafurer or Deputy Treafurer of Chelfea	Wltht®*

Hofpital, the fame fhall remain in the Hands of the Agent, fubje& to ^ pll fuch further Orders as fuch Officer may give refpe&ing the fame.

2£XI. And be it further ena&ed, That no Dedu&ion fhall b« No Dedu&ion allowed, on any Account, in the Payments of unclaimed or forfeited allowed on un-8hares and Balances paid over to the Treafurer or Deputy Treafurer claimed Shares of Chelfcq Hofpital, for any Sums not appearing upon the Prize Lift Voucher of Distribution to have been thereon paid and acknowledged, unlefs fatiafa&ory Vouchers from the Parties, or their lawful Attornies, fhall be produced for the fame.

XXII. And be it further ena&ed. That all Shares of Prize Shares of No®* Money due and to become due to NonTCommiffioned Officers and commiffioned Soldiers of the Army, in cafes of fuch ponjund Expeditions as afore- ^c.er8a“fl faid, fhall be paid by the Agent, or by the Treafurer or Deputy ArmyTincafea Treafurer of Chelfea Hofpital, or his Chief Clrrk (as the Cafe may ofconjunft ^require), to the Perfons entitled thereto, or Perfons authorized by an Expeditions, Order in the Form let forth in the Schedule to this A& annexed, fhall be . marked (C.) to receive the fame; which Order fhall fpecify the Place,

Fortref8, or Ships, out of which the Prize Money fhall have arifen, SchedttofC.)

together with the Name of the Regiment or Corps to which fuch an(j (D.)

Non-commilfioned Officer or Soldier fhall have belonged at the Time

of the Capture ; and the Pcrfon making fuch Order fhall alfo procure

and produce a Certificate in the Form or to'the Efft& fet forth in the

laid Schedule marked (C ), which Certificate fhall be figned by the

Commanding Officer, Adjutant, and Paymafter of the Regiment in

which fuch Pcrfon fhall be ferving, provided the Signatures of fuch

Officers can be obtained ; and ip cafe the Signatures of all or any of

fuch refpc&ive Officers cannot be obtained, by reafon of the Regiment

or Part of the Regiment being on Detachment, or other unavoidable

Caufe, then and in fuch Qafe fuch Certificate fhalJ be figned by fuch

of the faid Officers as may be prefent where the Non-commiffioned

Officer or Soldier is then ferving, and any other Commifiioned Officers

of the Regiment or Corps then prefent, fo that there fhall not be

lefs than the Signatures of Three Commtffioned Officers to fuch

Certificate \ or in cafe fuch Non-commiffioned Officer or Soldier fhall

be detached from his Regiment, or be in any Hofpital or Sick

Quarters, fo that h? cannpt procure fuch Certificate of his Officers as

above*



Google

53*

C. 123:

490 GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

is. Stamp Duty «n Orders.

Receipts for Prize Money exempt from Stamp Duty.

Treafurer of Chelfca Hofpital may appoint a Deputy. Regulations of 45 G. 3. c. 72, for refunding

above-mentioned, the fame (hall be dated particularly on the Order, and the Certificate (hall be figned by the Three fenior Officers belonging to fuch Detachment, or by the Surgeon or principal Medical Officer belonging to fuch Hofpital or Sick Quarters (as the Cafe may require), and by Two other principal Military or Civil Officers belonging to fuch Hofpital, or refiding at fuch Quarters; or in cafe fuch Non-commiffioned Officer or Soldier (hall have been difcbarged from the Service, then he (hall procure and produce a Certificate in the Form or to the Effeft fet forth in the Schedule hereto annexed marked (D.)f and which (hall be figned by the Miniiler and One of the Churchwardens, or (if in Scotland) by the Minifter and One of the JElders of the Parilh or Place in which fuch difcbarged Nor.-commif-fioned Officer or Soldier may then refide; or if fuch Non commiffiomd Officer or Soldier (hall be dead, then the Perfon entitled to receive his Share of fuch Prize or Bounty Money (hall procure and produce a Certificate in the Form or to the Effeft fet forth in the Schedule hereto annexed marked (E.), which Certificate (hall be figned by the Minifter and One of the Churchwardens, or (if in Scotland) by the Minifter and One of the Elders of the Parifii or Place in which fuch terfon (hall then refide: Provided always, that every fuch Order as above deferibed (hall be revokeable by the Perfon making the fame : Provided alfo, that no fuch Order (hall be valid to authorize the Receipt of any Prize Money or Bounty Money which (hall be in courfe of Payment or Diftribution to any fuch Non-commiffioned Officer or Soldier as aforeLid, if the Party making fuch Order (hall be thtn refiding or dwelling within the Diftance of Five Miles from the Place where fuch Prize Money or Bounty Money (hall be payable ; and if any Agent or Agents for Prizes (hall pay or caufe to be pa;d any Share of Prize Monty or Bounty Money to any Perfoo or Pcrfons upon any Order made within the Diftance aforefaid from the Place where fuch Prize Money or Bonnty Money (hall be payable, fuch Prize Money or Bounty Money being in courfe of Dilfribution at the Time of making fuch Order, fuch Payment (hall be void to all Intents and Purpofes; and the Agent or Agents making the fame (hall forfeit the like Penalty as herein-before mentioned with refpeft to Payments made to the Orders of Pet*y Officers and Seamen, Non-commiffioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, under the like Circumftances, and (hall be recovered, with full Cotta of Suit, and applied refptft*vcly io fuch Manner as herein-after mentioned.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That for the Stamp Duty on every of fuch Orders, there (hall not be mote than the Sum of One Shilling paid for each Perfon fubferibing the fame.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the paffiug of this Aft, all Receipts given or taken for Prize Momy, or Balances paid or received by the Treafurer or Deputy Treafurer of Chelfca HofpttaU (hall be exempt from and not liable to any Duty of Stamps whatfoever; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwith-ftanding.

XXV.	And be it further enafted. That it (hall be lawful for the Treafurer of Chelfca Hofpital, in fuch Cafes as aforefaid, to appoint a Deputy or Deputies for receiving Appluattons and Claims for Army Prize Monies, as the Treafurer of Greenwich Hofpital is by the faid recited Aft authorized refpefting the Navy Prize Monies ; and that the Mode3 and Regulations direfted by the fame Aft, for refunding

Shares

 LjOOQle

A.D.1809.	49°	GEO.	TJl.	C.123.

Shares of Prize Money paid into Greenwich HofpitaJ, and for facilitating the Payment of Prize Money to Seamen, and preventing Frauds attending the fame, (hall be purfued and adopted for refunding Shares of Prize Money paid into Chelfed Hofpital, and for facilitating the Payment of Prize Money to Officers and Soldiers of the Army, and preventing Frauds attending the fame, or as nearly as may be and Circumftances will permit, and under the fame Penalty for receiving any Fee or Reward for remitting or paying any fuch Money front Chelfea Hofpital ; and alfo that the Provifions and Diredlions herein contained refpe&ing aDy Grants made or to be made by His Majtrily, his Heirs or Succeffor3, and the full Benefit thereof, (hall extend and apply to and in favour of Chelfea Hofpital as well as Greenwich Hofpital in Cafrg of fuch conjunct Expeditions as aforefaid.

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed. That the Deputy Treafurer of Chelfea Hofpital (hall and may have and exercife the fame or the like Libctty or Privilege of receiving and fcndingr Letters or Packets upon any Bufinefs or Affairs relative to fuch Prize Matters as aforefaid, free from the Duty of Poftage, in the fame or the like Manner, and with the fame or the like Regulations, and under the lame Penalty for every Abufe of fuch Liberty or Privilege, as is hereby or in any former A& ena&ed or mentioned rtipe&ing the Treafurer of Green• wich Hofpital in that Behalf.

XXVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That all Expences incurred or to be incurred in executing this A&, and aifo the Lid recited Att, and the Sums paid in remunerating the Officers or Ptrfons employed on beha'f of Chelfea Hofpital, for their Care, Pains ar.d Trouble in performing the Regulations and Direflions thereof, (hall, fo far as the fame relates to thofe Officers or Perf ms, be fubje& to the Difcretion of the Comuvffioners for managing the Affairs of the fame Hofpital, and (hall be paid out of the Intcrett of unclaimed Shares, or Shares of 4eferted Men, inveiled in Government Securities, or, if neceffary, out of the principal Monies in the Hands of the Treafurer or Deputy Treafurer ol the laid laft-mentiontd Hofpital, on account of fuch Shares refpe&ively ; the Accounts of the faid Expences and Remunerations being annually returned to Parliament : Provided never-thtlefs, that no Perfon employed by the faid Commiffioners of Chelfea Hofpital, in executing the Regulations of this Act or the faid recited A&, (hall a& as an Agent for Prizes, or be concerned, d’rc&ly or indiredly, in the Bulincfs thereof, under the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds.

XXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the paff-ing of this A€t, if any Perfon (hall willingly and knowingly perfonate or falfely affume the Name or Chara&cr of any Officer, Soldier, or other Perfon in the Army, entitled or fuppofed to be entitled to any Prize Money or Bounty Money, or Share of Prize Money or Bounty Money, for Service done on any fuch conjtin& Expedition as aforefaid, or of the Executor or Adminillrator, Wife, Relation, or Creditor of any fuch Officer, Soldier or other Perfon, in order to receive any Prize Money or Bounty Money, or Share of Prize Money or Bounty Money, due or fuppofed to be due or payable for or on account of any fuch Services as aforefaid ; or (hall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited any Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket, Order, Certificate, Affignment, laft Will, or any other Power or Authority whatfoever, in order to receive any Prize Money or

Bounty

53*

Shares, &c. paid into Greenwich Hofpital, /hall be adopted as to Chelfea HofpimL

Deputy Treafurer of Chelfea Hofpital may receive and fend Letters, &c. free of Poftage, 8k.

Rermineration to Officers of Chelfea Hofphal {hall be paid oul of unohriwad Shares, &e.

Pevfonating Officers or Soldiers in the Army, or their Executors, &c, or forging any Will or Power, or taking a falfe Oath to obtain Probate of WiU or Adminillta-tion, Felony without Benefit of Clergy.



540

C.I2J*	49*	GEO. III.	A.D.1809.

Bounty Money, or Share of Prize Money or Bounty Money, which fhall be due or fuppofed to be due for any fucb Services as aforefaid ; or (hall willingly and knowingly take a falfe Oath, or procure any other Perfon to take a falfe Oath, to obtain the Probate of any Will or Wills, or to obtain Letters of Adminiftration in order to receive any Prize Money or Bounty Money, or Share of Prize Money or Bounty Morey, which (hall be due or fuppofed to be due to any'fuch Officer, Soldier, or other Perfoa as aforefaid, who (hail have really Herved, or (hall be fuppofed to have ferved on any fuch conjunct Ex* pedition as aforefaid, or (hall utter or publiffi as true, any falfe, forged or counterfeited Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket, Order, Certificate, Affignment, lad Will, or any other Power or Authority whatfoever, in order to receive any Prize Money or Bounty Money, or Share of Prize Money or Bounty Monty, c ue or fuppofed to be due to any Officer, Soldier, or other Perfon who (hall have really ferved, or who (hall be fuppofed to have frrved as aforefaid, with Intent to defraud His Majelly, his Heirs or Succeffors, or the Com* miffioners or Treafurer or Deputy Treafurer of Chefia Hofpital, or any Army Prize Agent, or any Perfon or Corporation whomfoever, knowing the fame to he falfe, forged or counterfeited, every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully ccnvi&ea, (hail be deemed guilty of Felony, aad (hall fuffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy,

*4 Agents for dillributing Royal or Parliamentary Grants heretofore 44 made (hail account to Greenwich and Chcljea Hofpitals for all 4< forfeited and unclaimed Shares of fuch Grants, within Four Months u after the paffing of this Ad, &c. § 29.

Agents for Royal or Parliamentary Grants (hall adrertife the Distribution, &c. and a# as is required with rrip€<Sl to Prize Money by 45 G. 3. f. 72.

XXX.	And be it further enad?d, That whenever any Grant (hall hereafter be made by His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors, or by Parliament, to the Captors of any Prize, Booty, or other Propeitv, or for any V.&ory, and the faid Grant, of whatever Nature it may be, (hall not come under the Defcription of Prize Money arifing from Captures legally condemned in any Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty, but be cunfidertd as 3 Bounty gratuitoufly given, and of whicb the unclaimed Shares would for that Reafon net be paid into Greenwich Hofpitai, and might not be accounted for in any Manner, the Ageut or Agent?, or Pcrfons who (hall diilnbute the faid Grants, (had advertife the faid Ditlributions, and tranfmit Notice of the Amount of the Shares therein to the Treafurer of the faid Royal Hofpical at Greenwich, and to the Treafurer 01/Paymafter of His Majelly’s Navy, as in Cafes of ordinary Difiributions of Prize Money, and fhall alfo at the Expiration of Four Months next after the Day on which Dtftributions (hall have been notified, deliver, or tranfmit to the Officer for Prizes in the Navy Pay Office a corrc6t Copy of the Diltnbution Litis of fuch Grauts, with an Account of the Payment of the feveral Shares to the Captors or to others on their Behalf, and pay over all Shares and Balances then remaining in his or their Hands unpaid and undiitributed, to the Treafurer of Greenwich Hofpital, or fuch Perfon or Pcrfons as he (hall depute or appoint as aforefaid to receive the fame, and render and verify his and their Accounts in the Manner by the faid A£l of the Foity-fifth Year of His prefent M/jelly direded, under the like Penalties for Ncglcd of Duty as are by the faid Ad impofed for neglcding to make,'render,

and

 C^ooQle

A.D. 1809.	49#	GEO. III.	C.123*

and verify fuch PaymeRts and Accounts, within Four Months after the firft Diftribution of the Prize and Bounty Money in the faid Ad mentioned.

XXXI.	And be it further eng&ed, That ail the Provifions, Rules, Regulations, Forfeitures, and Pc-nalties, mentioned in the faid recited Ad of the Forty-fifth Year of His preftnt Majefty, and this Ad, refpe&ing Prizes taken from the Enemy, (hall be extended to the Dittribution of the Amount of all Seizures for Offences committed again ft the Revenue Laws, when made by any Ship or Veffel of War in the S rvice of His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors, as if the fame were re-ena&cd in this Ad.

XXXII.	And be it further ena&ed. That if any Perfon or Perfoos fhail falfely make Oath to any of the Matters herein-before required to be verified on Oath, or fuborn any other Perfon fo to do, fuch

P.rfon or Perfons (hall fuffer the like Pains and Penalties as arc in. curred by Perfons coma itting wilful and corrupt Perjury, and the faid Offences, though committed out of this Realm, may be alledged to be committed and may be laid, inquired of, tried, and determined in any County of England, in the fame Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame had been adually done or committed within the Body of fuch County.

XXXIII.	And be it further cnadtd, That all Penalties and Forfeitures impofed by this Ad, wherefoever the fame (hall arife or be* come forfeited, may be recovered by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majefty’a Courts of Record in Great Britain, or on Motion and Attachment thereon in His Majefty 9s High Court of Admiralty; and all Penalties and Forfeitures impofed by this Ad which (hall arife or become forfeited in any Part of His Majefty’s Dominions abroad,, may be recovered in any Court of Record of His Majefty in the Colony, Territory, or Place where the fame (hall arife or have become forfeited, or in any of His Majefty’s Vice Admiralty Courts having Jurifdidion there.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaded, That in all Cafes in which any Agent or Perfon is by this Ad made fubjed to the Forfeiture of any Sum of Money equal to any Money remaining in his Hands, or to the Amount of any Balances or Shares, fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall, on Recovery thereof, go and be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have been aggrieved by the Mifcon* dud of fuch Agent or Perfon; and all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures by this Ad impofed, other than as afore faid, and other than fuch as are not hereby otherwife difpofed of, (hall go and be applied to the Ufe of the Commiffi >ner3 and Governors of the Royal Hofpital for Seamen at Greenwich in all Cafes relating to the Naval Service, and to the Ufe of the Commiflioners for managing the Affairs of the Royal Hofpital at Chelfea in‘all Cafes relating to the Service of the Army, and (hall be fued for in the Name of the Commiflioners and Governors of the faid Royal Hofpital at Greenwich, or in the Names of the Commiflioners of the faid Royal Hofpital at Chelfea, as the Cafe may require.

XXXV.	* And Whereas it has frequently happened that Frauds f have been pradifed upon Petty Officers and Seamen in the Navy,

*	and on Non* com mi (Boned Officers of Marines, and Marines, by

*	Perfons of bad Charader, who have been authorized by them to ‘ receive Wages, Pay, Prize Money and Bounty Money, to which

♦ they



Provifian* of 4SG.3.C.7** extended to Diftribution of Seizures for Offences again# t$e Revenue.

Penalties o* Peijury and Subornation of Perjury,

Recovery of Penalties.

Application of Penalties.

 CjOOQle

542

No Perfon (hall receive Wages or Prize Money of Petty Officers, Seamen, &c. tmlefs duly fieenfcd:

Except Wives, Parents, &c.

Penalty on Perfons falfely reprefenting themfelves to be Relations, and on Agents receiving Wages, &c. after Licence revoked; Mifde meaner.

Agents ffiall take out Licenses from the Treafurer of the Navy. Schedule (F.)

C. 123.	490 GEO, IIL	A.D.	1809.

• they were entitled Be it therefore enafted, That it (hall not be lawful for any Perfon within the United Kingdom, to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money or Bounty Money, due or to become due to any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commiffioned Officer of Mari ?es, or Marine, or Non-commiffioned Officer or Solditr in the Army, for or on account or his Services refptftiveiy on board any of His Majefty’s Ships, or in the Capture of any Fortrefs upon the Land, or any Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandize, or Treafur-, on any fuch conjunct Expedition as aforefaid, under any fuch Orders as hcrein-before mentioned, other than and except Perfons who (hall be duly licenfcd in the Manner herein-after mentioned for that Purpofe: Provided always, that nothing herein contained {hall extend or be c mftrued to extend to prevent any fuch Petty Officers, Non-commiffioned Officers, Seamen, Marines, or Sdldiers from giving fuch Orders to receive their Wages, Pay, Prize Money, or Bounty Money to their Wives, or to the Perfons in the feveral Degrees of Relationfhip following; that is to fay, Parents, Children, Brothers or Sifters of fuch Petty Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers ; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

XXXVI.	And be it further enafted, That any Perfon who (hall falfely reprefent himfelf or herfdf to be within any of the Degrees of Relationfhip in Blood a* before deferibed, in order to enable himfelf or herfelf to receive any Prize Monty or Bounty Money, or Share of Prize Money or Bounty Money due or to grow due for or on account of the Services of any fuch Petty Officer, Non-commiffioned Officer, Seaman, Marine, or Soldier, under any fuch Order as aforefaid, or who, not being within any fuch Degree of Relationfhip. and tiot being licenfed as aforefaid, fhall receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Morey, or other Allowances of Money for the Ufe of any fuch Petty Officer, Non commiffioned Officer, Seaman, Marine, or Soldier; or if any Agent or Perfon whofe Licence fhall have been revoked as herein after mentioned fhall offer himfelf to receive, or fhall receive any fuch Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Monty, or other Allowance of Money, not being within any of the Degrees of Relationfhip aforefaid, and being thereof duly convi£Ld, fhall be deemed guilty of a Mifdemeanor.

XXXVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Perfon before he (hall aft as an Agent for receiving the Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, or other Allowances of Money of any fuch Petty Officers, Non-com'r.iffiontd Officers, Seamen, Marines, or Soldiers, fhall take out a Licence for that Purpofe in the Form in the Schedule hereto annexed, ma ked (F.) from the Treafurer of Pits Majefty*s Navy for the Time being, who is hereby authorized and empowered to grant the fame on good and Efficient Security (to be approved of by the faid Treafurer) being given by Bond to His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, in the Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, that fuch Perfon fo taking out fuch Licence (hall demean himfelf properlyf and duly account to all Perfons for whom or for whofe Ufe any fych Wages, Pay, Prize Money, or Bounty Money, fhall have come to his Hands, and for which Licence no more than Five Shillings, over and above any Stamp Duties that may be due and payable thereon, (hall be paid by any Perfon taking out the fame, which Licence fhall be in force for the Space of Three Years from the Date thereof:

Provided



Google

Provided always, and be it further enaded* That if after the taking out of any fuch Licence, it (hall appear to the Treafurer of His Ma-jefty’s Navy for the Time being that any fuch iicenfed Agent hath abufed the Truft repofed in him by not duly accounting to any Perfon or Perfon* by whom he fhall have been empowered to receive any fuch Wajjres, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, or other Allowances of Money as aforefaid, for the Sum or Sums of Money by him received in that Behalf, or by pra&ifing any *Fraud or Impofition on any fuch Perfon or Perfon*, then and in that Cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Treafurer, by any Writing under his Hand to be delivered to fuch Iicenfed Agent, or left at his lad or mod ufual Place of Abode, or Place where his Bufmefs of Agency (hall be carried on, to revoke the Licence fo to be granted or taken out as aforefaid, which Revocation, if fuch Agent1* Place of tranfadiog Agency Bulinefs (hall be in London or within the Bill* of Mortality, (hall btf publifhed io the London Gazette, and if in the Country or out of the faid Bills of Mortality, alio in fome Publick Newfpaper in Circulation at or near to the Place where fuch Agent (hall tmnfad his Bufinef* cf Agency, for the Information of all Perfons interefted in Wage* or Prize Morey, arid thenceforth the Power and Authority of fuch Agent to demand and receive Wages, Pay, Prze Money, Bounty Mon«y, and other Allowances of Money due or to grow due on account of the Services of any fuch Petty Officers, Non-commifiioned Officers, Seamen, Marines, or Soldiers, (hall abfoiutely ccafe and determine.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enaded, That the Names and Place* of Abode and of tranfading Agency Bufinef* of every fuch Iicenfed Agent, (hall be inferted in a Lift and hung up in the Hall of the Navy Pay Office in Somerfet Place, and in feme confpicuou© Place in each of the Navy Pay Office at the fevcral Out Ports of the United Kingdom, for the Infptd'on of all Perfons who (hall rtfort thither on Bufinef?, and which Lifts (hall be renewed from Time to Time as Occafion may rtqu re.

XXXIX.	And be it further enaded, That as often as any fuch lictnftd Agent (hall remove or change his Office or Piace of con-duding the Bulinefs of Apency, he (hall within Fourteen Day* after every fuch Removal or Change of Place, give Notice thereof in Writing to the Treafurer of His Mqefty’s Navy for the Time being, on pain of forfeiting to His Majefty for every Negled the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered with full Cofts of Suit by Adion or Suic in any of His M .jelly’s Courts of Record within the United Kingdom.

XL. ‘ And Whereas the faid Ad pafled in the Forty.fifth Year 4 ot His preient M jelly's Reign contains fundry Provifions and 1 Regulations touching Matters that had arifen or might arife in con-

*	fequence of the gtntral Reprifals which His Majefty had been pleafed

*	to order againit the Ships, Goods, and Subjtds of the fcveral

*	Powers with whom Hie M jelly wa< engaged in War at the Time

of the paffing of the faid Ad: And Whereas His Majefty hath

‘ ilnce the puffing of the faid Ad deemed it needfary, for the Honour

*	of his Crown and the Safety of his People, to order that general

*	Reprifals (hould be granted againft the Ships, Goods, and Subjeda

*	of States then in Amity^with His M?jefty B? it therefore further cnadtd, That all and every the Proviftons and Regulation* contained

4	in

Licences (halt be revskeabte •a Abuts Truft.

Names, See. of Iicenfed Agents (ball be ported at Navy Pay Office,

&.C.

Agents changing their Places of Abode, &c. ft mil give N slice.



544	C.	123.	49*	GEO;	HI.	A.D.	1

Piovifions and Regulations of 45 G. 3. c.72. and this AA applied to alt Cafes arifmg from Orders of general Reprifal iifued fince the seated A&.

Commencement and Continuance nfAA.

in the faid Ad, puffed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, fo far as the fame arc not varied, altered, or repealed by this prefent Aft, and alfo all and every the Provifion* and Regulations in this prefent Ad contained, (hall be applied to all Cafes arifing from the faid Orders of general Reprifal iffued fince the palling of the faid A A made in the Forty-fifth Year of his faid Majefty’s Reign, in like Manner and to the like Effed as the faid Provifions and Regulations are therein and herein refpedivcly direded to be applied to all Cafes arifing from the Orders of general Reprifal recited in the faid latt mentioned Ad, and (hall extend to all Proceedings which have been or may hereafter be ‘had in confequence of the Orders of Reprifal iffued fince the palling of the faid Ad, in as full Force and Effed as if the fame were particularly enaded in this Ad, fubjed neverthelefs, with refped to the Diftribution of any Prize Money or Bounty Money arifing in confequence of general Reprifals iffued fince the paffing of the faid recited Ad, to fuch Provifions and Regulations as His Majefty hath already thought fit or may hereafter think fit to eftablifh by Proclamation or Proclamations for that Pur-pofe; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That this Ad fhall commence and take Effed at the following Periods 5 that is to fay, at all Places in the Wejl Indies and America at the Expiration of Sis Months; at all Places in the Eajl Indies at the Expiration of Twelve Months; and at all other Places from and after the Thirty-firff Day of Auguft One thonfand eight hundred and nine ; and that it fhall continue in force for the Time limited for the Ad of the Forty-fifth Year of His prefent Majefty herein-before recited, and no longer, fave and except as to all Matters and Things as are in the faid Ad limiting its Duration faved and excepted ; and alfo fave and except the Regulations regarding all Powers and Interefts given to the Treafurer of the Navy and his Officers, and to the Commiffioners and Governors, Treafurer, Secretary, and Clerk of the Cheque of the faid Royal Hofpital at Greenwich, and the Commiffioners, Treafurer, and Deputy Treafurer of the faid Royal Hofpital at Ghelfea, and the Officer for Prizes in the Navy Pay Office, either by the faid recited Ad or by this Ad, all which fhall continue in force until repealed by any fubfequent Ad of Parliament.

SCHEDULES to which this Ad refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Ad of Parliament, 49th Geo. III. Chap. Scdion

Navy Pay Office, London.

T Requeft that the Prize Money noted on the Document which A will be produced herewith may be paid, or that a Reafon may be affigned for its Difallowance, in the Manner pointed out in the above Ad of Parliament.

A. B Officer for Prizes; or, C. D. Clerk of the Cheque of Greenwich Hofpital, (<as the Cafe may he )

6	SCHE-



AJ).i8op*	GEO.	IIT.	C.123.

SCHEDULE (B.)

[Here infert the Place where and Time when the Order is made.]

Day of	180

Sevfn Days Sight pay to	or	his	Order,

the Amount of my Share of Prize or Bounty Money, for the Capture nf [Here infert the Names of the Prizes, and Time of Capture, or give fuch other Defcription of them as Jball he fatisfadory to the Agent and the^ Officers of Greenwich Hofpital] when ferving on board His Majefty's Ship or VefTcl the	in	Quality	of

To the Agent for the faid Capture, 7 •r, the proper Officers of Greenwich Hofpital. J

Thefe zYe to certify. That we have examined the faid who figned the above Order in our Prefence, and from the Documents he has (hewn uc, viz. [here infert the Nature of the Documents, whether they are Invalid Tickets, Certificates, or other wife, and by what Officer they are fgned] and his Anfwers to our Qu-ftions, we have r<*afon to believe that he was ferving on board the faid Ship at the Time of making the Captures above fpecified; he fays he was born at in the County of	that	he	is	Years

of Age, of a	Complexion,	Eyes,	and

Hair. [If the Party is difeharged from the Service, fate the Time and Caufe of Difcharge. ]

Given under our Hands

Note.—This Certificate to be figned by the Captain or Commanding Officer, and oue other figning Officer of the Ship to which the Party belong?.

If difeharged from the Service, and refident at any Place where there is a Deputy or Agent of the Hofpital, to be figned by that Deputy.

If within Four Miles of the Hofpital, by the Clerk of the Cheque or his Chief Clerk.

If at any other Place within the Bills of Mortality, by the Officer for Prizes in the Navy Pay Office, or his Affiftant.

If by Marines at Head Quarters, to be figned by the Colonel or Commanding Officer and the Adjutant.

If by any Pcrfon at Sick Quarters, to be figned by the Surgeon and one of his Affiftants.

If at any other Place in England, to be figned by the Minifter and one of the Churchwardens; and if in Scotland, by the Minifter and one of the Elders.

SCHEDULE (C.)

[ Place^	[jDate']

AT Seven Day3 Sight pay to	or	Order,

^ the Amoant of the Share of Prize or Bounty Money due to in refpeA of	Service	as	a

n the	Regiment	of	at	the	Capture	of

in the Month of	18

To	Agent	for	the	Capture	of

or, To the Treafurer or Deputy Treafurer Chelfea Hofpital {as the Cafe may require.)

49 Geo. III.	Nn	CERTI-



C. 123.	4$®	GEO. III.	A.D.1809S.

CERTIFICATE for a Soldier now fervlng.

THESE are to .certify, That we have examined the above-named who figned or acknowledged the above Order in our Prefence, and from the Documents which he has (hewn us, and his Aufwcra to our Queftions, we'have Reafon to believe that the laid	was ferving in the above-mentioned Regi-

ment at the Time of making the (aid Caoture, and that he is now ferving as a	in the	Regiment	of

Given under our Hands at	the	*	Day

of	18

Commanding Officer.

Adjutant.

Paymafter.

CERTIFICATE for a Soldier who has been difcharged.

(D.)

'T'HESE are to certify, That we have examined the above-named “**	who	(igned	or	acknowledged	the	above

Order in our Prefence, and from the Documents which he has (hewn us, and his Anfwers to our Queftions, we have Reafon to believe that the faid	was	ferving	in	the	above-mentioned

Regiment at the Time of making the above Capture, and that be was difcharged on the	Day	of	18

that he now refides in this Pariffi, and is an Out-Penfioner of Chelfea Hofpital.

Given under our Hands at	this	Day

of	18

N. B. If not a Penfioner, thofe Words to be erafed.

Minifter,

Churchwarden,

or

Elder (as the Cafe may he.)

CERTIFICATE for a Perfon who is entitled to the Prize Money of a deceafed Soldier.

(E.)

rjpHESE are to certify, That we have examined the above-named

who figned or acknowledged the above Order in our Prefence, and from the Documents annexed, and his [or, her] Anfwers to our Queftions, we have Reafon to believe that the above-named	is	dead,	and	that	the

faid	is	the	to	the	faid

deceafed, and that he [or, die] now refides in this Parifh.

Given under our Hands at	the	Day.

of	18

Minifter,

Churchwarden,

N. B. Annex the Docu-	or

merits a.ludtd to.	Elder (as the Cafe may he.)

FORM

 C^ooQle

A.D*i8o9*

C. 123,124*

490 GEO. Ill*	C.	123,124*

FORM OF LICENCE.

(*■)

T	Trcafurer	of	His	Majefty’s	Navy, do

hereby, in purfuance of an Aft of Parliament made and parted in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majefty King George the Third, intitultd, An A3, [infert the Title of the A3] grant L cence to	of	in	the

of	to	aft	as	an	Agent in the Receipt of W?ges,

Pay, Prize Money and Bounty Money, granted by any Aft or Afta of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be paffed for and in refpeft of the Service of' Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commilfioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, on board any of His Maiefty,a Ships ; and <*lfo any Bounty Money given or granted by His Majefty in refpeft of the Service of any fuch Pcrfons as aforelaid, for Prize* or Captures not proceeded againft to Condemnation in the Court* of Admiralty and Vice Admiralty : This Licence to continue in force for the Space of Three Years from the Date hereof, determinable neverthelefs for fuch Caufe or Caufes as in and by the faid Aft of the Forty.ninth Year of the Reign of His faid Majefty is in that Behalf exprelled. Given under my Hand, and fealed with the Seal of Office, at the Navy Pay Office, Somerfet-Place, the Day of	One	thoufand	eight	hundred

547

CAP. CXXIV.

An A ft for altering, amending, and explaining certain ASts relative to the Removal of the Poor, and for making Regulations in certain Cafes touching the Examination of Paupers as to their Settlement; and for extending to all Parilhes certain Rules and Orders in Workhoufes, under art Aft of the Twenty-fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An Act for the letter Relief and Employment of the Poor.	[20th June 1809.]

4 TT J HE RE AS by an Aft palled in the Thirty-fifth Year of the 4 W ' Reign of His prtfent Majefty, intituled. An A3 to prevent 35 G. 3. c. 101^

* the Removal of Poor Perfons until they fhall become aBualiy chargeable, § 2*

*	it is amongft other Tnings enafted, That in cafe any Poor Perlon 4 fhall be brought before any Juftice or Juftiaes of the Peace for the

*	Purpofe of being removed from the Place where he or Ihe is in-

*	habiting or fojouming, by virtue of afcv Order of Removal, or of

*	being palled by virtue of any Vagrant Pafs, and it Ihall appear to

*	the faid Juftice or Jufticea that fuch Poor Perfon i3 unable to travel .

4 by reafon of Sicknefs or other Infirmity, or that it would be dan-

4 gcrous for him or her fo to do, the Juftice or Jufticcs making fuch 4 Order of Removal or granting fuch Vagrant Pafs, art r quired mi 4 authorized to fufpend the Execution of the fame until they are 4 fatisfied that it may faftly be executed without Danger to any 4 Perfon who is the Subjeft thereof, and that the Charges proved 4 upon Oath to have been incurred by fuch Sufpenfion of any Ordtr 4 of Removal, may by the faid Juftices be direfted to be paid by the 1 Churchwardens and Overfcers of the Parifh or Place to which fuch 4 Poor Perfon is ordered to be removed, in cafe any Removal fhall

N n 2	4	take

 CjQOQle

548

C.I24-

49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

Where any Order oT Removal , &.c. (hall be fufpended, any Juftice for the Place may order the fame to be executed, &c.

How Time of appealing (ball be computed.

Order of Removal fufpended in cafe of M( Knefs, may be exr«nded to other Perfons of ihe Family.

*	take place, or in cab of the Death of fuch Poor Perfon before the

*	Execution of fuch Order: And by the fame A& it is further 4 enaded. That in cafe of an Apoeal againft any Order for the Pay-4 went of fuch Charges, if the Court of Quarter St (lions (hall he of

*	Opinion that the Sum fo awarded he more than of right ought to

*	have been direded to be paid, fuch Court may and is thereby direded

*	to ftrike out the Sum contained in the faid Order, and infert the Sum 4 which in the Judgment of fuch Court ought to be paid ; and in 4 every fuch Cafe the Court of Quarter Seffions lhall dired that the 4 faid Order fo amended (hall be carried into Execution bv the faid 4 Juftices by whom the Order w*s originally made, or either of them,

4 or in cafe of the Death of either of them, by fuch other Juftice or 4 Juftices as the Court (hall din d : And Whereas it is expedient that 4 the Power of putting an End to the Sufpendons of any fuch Order 4 of Removal or Pals* and of executing the feveral or other Authorities 4 aforefaid, (h~>uld not he confined to the Order of the Juftice or 4 Juftices making fuch Order or Pafs ; May it therefore pleafe Your 4 Majefty that it may be enaded ;* and be it enaded by the King1* molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Adr:ce and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this orefent Parliament a (Tern bled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the pafling of this Ad, m all Cafes wherever the Execution of any Order of Removal or of any Vagrant Pafs lhall be hereafter fufpended by virtue of the faid recited Ad, it (hall be lawful for any other Juftice or Juftices of the Peace of the County or other Junf-didioo within which fuch Removal or Pafs (hall be made, to dired and order that the fame ball be executed, and to dired the Charges to be incurred as aforefaid to be paid, and to carry into Execution any fuch amended Orders as aforefaid. as fully and effVduaily to all Inteuts and Purpofegas the faid rcfptdive Powers and Authorities can or may be executed by the faid Juftices who (hall maktanv fuch Order of Removal, or by the Juftice who (hall grant any fuch P^fs as aforefaid.

II.	And be it further enrded, That when the Execution of any fuch Order of Removal (hall be fufpended, the Time of appealing againtl fuch Order (hall be computed according to the Rules which govern other like Cafes from the Time of ferving fuch Order, and not. from the Time of making fuch Removal under and by virtue of the fame.

III.	4 And, in order to avoid any Pretence for forcibly frparating 4 Hulband and Wife, or other Perfons nearly connt&cd with or re-* 4 lated to each other, and who are living together as one Family at • thje Time of any Order of Removal made or Vagrant Pafs granted, 4 during the dangerous Sicknefs or other Iufirmity of anv one or more 4 of fuch Family, on whofe Account the Execution of fuch Order 4 of Removal or Vagianc Pafs is fufpenced lie it further en^flcd and declared, That where any Order of Removal or Vagrant Pafs (hall be fufpended by virtue of this or of the laid recited A&, 00 account of the dangerous Sickiufa or other Infirmity of any Perfon or Perfons thereby drc&ed to be removed or palled, the Execution of fuch Order of Removal or Vagrant Pafs (hall alio be lufptr.ded for the fame Period with r fpe<9: to every other Perlon named therein, who was a&ually of the fame Houfehold or Family of fuch lick or infirm Perfon or P.rfons at the Time cf fuch Order of Removal made or Vagrant Pafs granted.

IV. And

 v^ooQle

A.D.i6c>9- .	49*	GEO. IIL	0.124,125.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That whenever it (hail happen that any Pauper is by Age, Illnefs, or Infirmity unable to be brought up to the Petty Seflions to be examined as to his or her Settlement, it (hall be lawful for any One Magidrate acting for the Dilbri6t where fuch Pauper {hall be, to uke the Examination of the faid Pauper, and to report the tame to any other Magiftrate or Magidrates ?ci ng for the faid Didrift, and for the faid Magiftrate9 upon fuch Report to adjudge the Settlement of the faid Pauper, and make and (ufoend the Order of Removal, as fully and efKftually to all Intents and Purpofei as if the faid Pauprr hadsappeared before Two Ma^iftratee.

V.	‘ And Whereas by an Aft palled in the Twenty-fecond Year ‘ of the Reign of His prefent Majetty, intituled, An Act for the

*	better Relief and Employment of the Poor; certain Rules, Orders, 4 Bye Laws, and Regulations are appointed to be obforved and en-

*	forced in every Poor Houfe edablilhed under the Authority of the

*	faid Aft: And Whereas it is exoeditnt that fuch Rules, Orders, ‘ Bye Laws, and Regulations fhould be extended ta Poor Houfes ‘ and Workhoufes tfttbhfhed in other Parifhea ;* it is hereby enzfted. That any Two or more of Hi* Majefty’s Judices of the Peace, may at mny Petty Seflions direft fuch Rules, Orders, Bye Laws, and Regulations, or any of them, to be obferved and executed in any Parifhes within their refptftiv* Divifions or Diftr.ftj, as fully as in thofe incorporated by the faid Aft.

CAP. CXXV.

An Act to amend an Aft made in the Thirty- third Year of His prefent Majefty, for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies.	[2oth	June	1809.]

*	TTT’HEREAS great Advantage has been derived as well to the

* VV Publrck as to Individuals, by the E ll a bli foment of Friendly

* Societies, under the Authority of an Aft of the Thirty-third Year 4 of the Reign of His prefent Majetty, intituled, An Act for the En-

*	couragement and Relief of Friendly Societies: And Whereas it is ex-9 pedient to make further Provifioq for the Attainment of the good

*	Purpofes intended thereby ;* Be it therefore enafted, by the K'ng’s mod Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Conlent of the Lo'ds Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That if any Perfon having been admitted a Member of any Society eftablifoed under the Authority of the faid Aft, foall cfLnd againd any of the Rules, Orders, or Regulations of fuch Society, it {hall be lawrul for any Two Juftces of the Peace refiding within the County, Riding, Divifion, Shire, Stewartry, C*ty, Liberty, or Place within which fuch Society {hall be held, upon Comolaint made on Oath by any Member of luch Society, to ifliie their Summons to fuch Perfon againd whom fuch Complaint {hall be made, and upon his or her Appearance, or, in default thereof upon due Proof upon Oath of the Service of fuch Summons, fuch Judices {hall proceed to hear and determine the faid Complaint according to the Rules, Orders, and Regulations of the faid Society confirmed as direfted by the (aid Aft, and {hall make fuch Order therein as to them (hall feem jud ; and in cafe the faid Judice {hall adjudge any Sum of Money to be paid by fuch Perfon againd whom luch Complaint (hall be made, and fuch

. N n 3	Perf^

549

One Magiftrate may examine an infirm Pauper as to his Settlement, and report to Petty Seflions.

Two Juftices ip Petty Seflions may direct Regulations of 22 G. 3. C. 83, to be obferved in any Parifti.

33 G. 3. 0, 5tb

Two Juft ices on Complaint may enforce the Observance of any Rules; and levy any Arrears by Diftrefs and Sale,

 LjOOQle

; SS°

33 G. 3. C. 54»

35 G. 3. c. 111.

Benefits of -recited Aft 33 G. 3. extended to all Societies complying with this Aft.

Two Juftices m iy order Relief under faid Aft, and ihall fpecify die Time arid Manner of Payment.

C.125.	49®	GEO. III.	A.D.rSop.

Perfon (hall not on Njtice of fuch Order forthwith pay the Sum of Money fo adjudged to the Perfon or Perfons, and in the Manner direfted by this Aft, it (hail be lawful for fuch Juftices, and they are hereby required by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to caufe the fame to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods of fuch Perfon on whom fuch Order (hall have been made, together with fuch Coftsas (hall be awarded by the faid Juftices, and aHo the Cods and Charges attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner.

II.	‘ And Whereasit was provided by the faid Aft of the Thirty-

*	third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, that no Society to

*	be eftablifhed for the Purpofes therein recited (hould be deemed 4 and taken to be within the Meaning of the fame Aft, unlefs the 4 Rules of the Society (hould be filed at the Quarter Stffions of the

*	Peace, before the End of the Year One thoufand feven hundred 4 and ninety-four, which Time was enlarged by an Aft of the Thirty-

*	fifth Year of His prefent Majefty’* Reign to Michaelmas One

*	thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix : And Whereasit is expedient 4 that all Societies which were eftablifhed under the Authority of

*	the firft recited Aft for the laudable Purpofes thereby intended, pre-

*	vioufly to the fame having been paffed, (hould be allowed to file 4 their Rules, notwithftanding their having omitted to do fo within 4 the Times limited ;* Be it therefore enafted, That all fuch Societies, the Rules, Orders, and Regulations of which (hall have been exhibited, to the Juftices of the Peace fince Michaelmas One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, or which fhall at any Time hereafter be exhibited in the Manner direfted by the faid recited Aft of the Thirty-third Year of His prefent Majefty, and which (hall have been or (frail be dealt with, examined, approved of and confirmed by the Juftices in the Manner therein direfted, and have been or (hall be depofited with the Glerk of the Peace and filed as direfted alfo by the faid Aft, (hall be deemed and taken to be within the Intent and Meaning of the faid Aft, as amply and for ail Purpofes as if their Rules had been eftablifhed within the Periods limited in either of the recited Afts.

III.	And beitfurther enafted. That if Complaint (hnH be made to Two luch Juftices of the Peace by any Member of fuch Societies, of Relief having been refufed to him by any fuch Society, to which he (hall be lawfully entitled according to the Rules of the Society to which he (hall belong, it fhall be lawful for the faid Two Juftices of the Peace refiding within the County, Riding, Divifion, Shire, Stewartry, City, Liberty, or Place, within which fuch Society (kali be held, and fuch Juftices are hereby required, upon Complaint made by or on the Behalf of the Perfon aggrieved thereby, to fummon the Perfon, being an Officer of the Society againft whom fuch Complaint fhall be made, and upon his or her Appearance, or in default thereof, upon due Proof upon Oath of the Service of fuch Summons, fuch Juftices (hall proceed to hear and determine the faid Complaint, and award fuch Sum of Money to be forthwith paid to the faid Com* plainant as (hall appear to fuch Juftices to be due on fuch Award as aforefaid, together with fuch a Sum for Cofts, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Shillings, as to filch Juftices (hall feem meet; and if the faid Sums fo to be awarded, together with fuch Ctffts, fhall not be forthwith and in the Prefence of fuch Juftice or Juftices paid to fuch Complainant) or to fome Perfon or Perfons there attending on the

Behalf



A.D.1809.	49*	GEO.	III.	C.	125,126.

Behalf of fuch Complainant, then fuch Juftices (hall by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, caufe fuch Sum and Cods as aforefaid to be levied by Diftrefs, or by Diftref3 and Sale of the Monies, Goods, Chattels, Securities, and Efftds belonging to the faid Society, together with all further Cofts and Charges attending fuch D ftrefs, or fuch Diftrefs and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the faid Society, or to one of the Trcafurers or Truftees thereof, and in default of fuch Diftrefs being found, then to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the proper Goods of the Officer or Officers ot the (aid Society fo negleding or refufing as aforefaid, together with fuch further Cofts and Charges as pforefaid, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner, and fo from Time to Time as often as Complaint (hall be made of the Non-payment of any Sum or Sums direded by fuch Order to be paid as aforefaid, fuch Juftices fhall by like Warrant caufe fuch Arrears from Time to Time be levied in the Manner before direded : Provided always, that whatever Sums fhall be paid by any fuch Offi ;er or Officers, or levied on his or their proper Goods in purfuaoce of the Order of any Juftice as aforefaid, fhall be repaid, with all Damages accruing to him or them, by and out of the Monies belonging to fuch Society, or out of the firft M jnics which (hall thereafter be received by fuch Society.

IV.	And be it further ensded, That all Orders made by Juftices of the Peace by virtue of the faid Ad or this Ad, upon the Complaint of any Perfon having been admitted a Member of any Society efta-blifhed under the faid Ad, who (hall be aggrieved by any Ad, Matter, or Thing done or omitted to be done by any fuch Society, fhall be made upon the Prefidents, Wardens, Stewards, Trcafurers, Truftees, or other principal Officers of the Society to which fuch Complaint fhall relate, or any One or more of them, or any of them, at the Difcretion of the faid Juftices, in the proper Name or Names of fuch Officer or Officers ; and every fuch Order may be ferved upon the Officer or Officers fo named therein, either by delivering a Copy of the faid Order to fuch Officer or Officers, or one of them, or leaving the fame at his laft or ufual Place of Abode; and fuch Service fhall be binding on fuch Officer or Officers, and on the Society to which fuch Officer or Officers fhall belong, to do and perform, or caufe to be done or performed, all and every the Matters and Things contained in and direded by fuch Order to be done according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof.

V.	And be it further ensded, That every Order, Adjudication, or Award of any Juftice or Juftices under this Ad, fhall be final and conclufive to^ all Intents and Purpofes, and fhall not be removed or removable into any Court of Law, or reftrained or reftraioable by the Injundion of any Court of Equity.

C A P. CXXVI.

An Ad for the Further Prevention of the Sale and Brokerage of Offices, ;	'	[2©thJune 1809.]

4 T YTHEREAS an Ad paffed in the Fifth and Sixth Year of the 4 VV Reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, Againjl buying 4 and felling of Offices : And Whereas it was in and by the faid Ad 4 enaded, amongtt other Things, That if any Perfon or Perfonsat any 4 Time thereafter bargaihed or fold any Office or Offices, or Depu*

N 0 4	‘	tation

55*

Orders of' Juftices fhaU be made on Officers of Societies by Name, and ferved on them.

All fuch Ord fhall be final

Recital of

ft. 5 & 6 fid- 6 c« 16.

*

 LjOoq le

C 136.	49® GEO. IIL	A.D.1809.

4 tat ion of any Office or Offices, or any Part or Parcel of any of

*	them, or received, had, or took any Money, Fee, Reward, or any

*	other Profit dirt&ly or indire&ly, or took any Promifc, Agreement* 4 Covenant, Bond, or any AfTurance, tp receive or have any Money* 4 Fee, Reward, or other Profit, dire&ly or indirectly, for any Office 4 or Offices, or for the Deputation of any Office or Offices, or any 4 Part of any of them, or t j the Intent that any Perfon fhould have,

*	exercife, or enjoy any Office or Offices, or the Deputation of any

*	Office or Offices, or any Part of any of them, which Office or

*	Offices, or any Part or Parcel of them, fhould *in any wife touch or 4 concern the Adminifiration or Execution of Jullice, or the Receipt, 4 Controlment. or Payment of any of the King’s Highnefs Treafurc, 4 Money, Rent, Revenue, Account, Aulnage, Auditorfhip, or fur-4 veying of any of the King’s Majelly's Honours, Caftles, Manors, 4 Lands, Tenements, Woods, or Hereditaments, or any of the King’s 4 Majefiy’s Cuftoms, or any other Adu iuifi ration or necefLry Attend-4 ance to be had, done, or executed in any of the King’s Maj ily’s 4 Cuftom Ploufe or Houfts, or the keeping of any of the King’s 4 Majefly’s Towns. Cdties, or FortrefTcs, being ufed, occupied, 4 or appointed for Places of Strength and Defence, or which fhould 4 concern or touch any Qerkfhip to be occupied in any Manner of 4 Court of Record, wherein Jultice was to be adroiniftered, that then 4 ail and every fuch Perfon and Perfons that fhould fo bargain or 4 fed any of the faid Office or Offices, Deputation or Deputation, 4 or that fhould take any Mney, Fee, Reward, or Piofit for any 4 of the Lid Office or Offices, Deputation or Deputations of any of 4 the faid Office.', or any Part of any of them, or that fhould take any 4 Promife, Covenant, Bond, or Aflurancc for any Money, Reward, € or Profit to be given for any of the faid Office or Office?, De-4 putation or Deputations of any of the faid Office or Offices, or 4 any Part of any of them, fhould not only lofe and forfeit all his and 4 their Right, littered, and Eltate which fuch Perfon or Perfons

*	fhouid then have, of, in, or tc, any of the faid Office or Offices,

4 Deputation or Deputations or any Part of any of them, or of, in, or 4 to, the Gift or Nomination of any of the faid Office or Offices, De-4 putation or Deputations for the'which Office or Offices, or for the 4 Deputation or Deputations of which Offices, or for any Part of any 4 of them, any fuch Perfon or Perfons fhouid fo make any Bargain or 4 Sale, or take or receive any Sum of Money, Fee, Reward, Or Profit, or 4 any Promife, Covenant, or Affurance to have or receive any Fee,

4 Reward, Money, or Profit, but alfo that all and every fuch Perfon 4 or Perfons that Ihould give or pay any Sum of Money, Reward, or 4 Fee, or fhould make any Promife, Agreement, Bond, or Affurance 4 for any of the faid Offices, or for the Deputation or Deputations of 4 any of the faid Office or Offices, or any Part of any of them, fhould 4 immediately by and upon the fame Fee, Money, or Reward given 4 or paid, or upon any fuch PromiL, Covenant, Bond, or Agrce-4 ment had or made for any Fee, Sum of Money, or Reward, to 4 be paid as is aforefaid, be adjudged a difabled Perfon in the Law 4 to all Intents and Purpofes, to have, occupy, or enjoy the faid Office 4 or Offices, Deputation or Deputations, or any Part of any of 4 them, for the which fuch Perfon or Perfons fhould fo give or

*	pay any Sum of Money, Fee, or Reward, or make any Promife,

4 Covenant, Bond, or other Affurance, to give or pay any Sum of

• Money,

 CjOOQle

A.D. 1809.	49®	GEO.	III.	Cxa5*	$33

4 Money, Fee, or Reward; and that all and every Aich Bargains*

4 Sales, Protnife8, Bonds, Agreements, Covenants, and AfTurances

*	as before fpecified (hould be void to and againll him and them by

*	whom any fuch Bargain, Sale, Bond, Promife, Covenant, or Af-4 Purance (hould be had or made 1 And Whereas it was in the faid 4 Aft provided, that the faid Aft, or any Thing therein contained*

4 (hould not in any wife extend to any Office or Offices, whereof any -4 Perfon or Perfons was or (hould be feifed of any Eftate of In-4 heritancc, nor to any Office^LParkerlliip, or of the keeping of any 4 Park, Houfc, Manor, Garden, Chafe, or Foreft, or to any of them:

4 And Whereas it was by the Lid Aft further provided, that if 4 any Perfon or Perions did thereafter offend in any. Thing contrary 4 to the Tenor and Effeft of the faid Aft, yet that notwithftanding 4 all Judgments given, and all other Aft and Afts executed or done 4 by any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo t ffaiding by Authority or Colour 4 of the Office or Depuration which ought to be forfeited or not 4 occupied or not enjoyed by the Perfon fo offending, after the faid 4 Offence fo by fuch Perfon comm tted or done, and before fuck 4 Perfon fo offending for the fame Offence (hould be removed from 4 the Exercife, Admin iff ration, and Occupation of the faid Office or 4 Deputation, (hould bz and remain good and fufficient in Law, to 4 all Intents, Conftruftions, and Purpofes, in fuen like Manner and 4 Form as the fame would or ought to have remained and been if thia

*	Aft had never been had or made; And Whereas it wa9 by the faid 4 Aft further provided, that the faid Aft, or any Thing therein

*	contained, (hould not in any wife extend, or be prejudicial or hurtful 4 to any of the Chief Juftices of the King's Courts, commonly called 4 the King’s Bench or Common Place, or to any of the Juliices of 4 Affize, that then were or thereafter (hould be, but that they and 4 every of them might do in every Behalf touching or concerning 4 any Office or Offices to be given or granted by them or any of them,

4 as they or any of them might have done before the making of the 4 faid Aft Be it therefore declared and enafttd by the King’s molt Excellent Msjefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembied, ard by the Authority of the fame, That from and after pwifiowi <£ the paffing of this Aft, the faid Aft and all the Provtfions therein faid Aft, contained (hall extend and be cooilrued to extend to Scotland and

Ireland, and to all Offices in the Gift of the Crown, or of any Office ^ ScoiUikT^I appointed bv the Crown, and all Commiffions Civil, Naval or Military, |relan(|And ^ and to all Places and Employments, and to all Deputations to any an offices in fuch Offices, Commiffi ms, Places, or Employments in the refpeftivc theGiftoftbe Departments or Offices, or under the Appointment cr Superintendence Crown, and Controul of the Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of the Treafury, the Secretary of State, the Lords Commiffiviners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, the Matter General and principal Officers of His Majtfty'9 Ordnance, the Commander in Chief, the Secretary at War, the Pay mailer General of His Ms jc fly’s Forces, the Commiffioners for the Affairs of India* the Commiffioners of the Excife, the Treafurer of the Navy, the Commiffioners of the Navy, the Commiffioners for Viftuailing, the Commiffioners of Tranf-ports, the Commiifary General, the Storekeeper General, and alfo the principal Officers of any other publick Department or Office of His Majeffy'a Government in any Part of the United Kingdom, or in any

2	of

 LjOOQle

554

When Right of Appointment is forfeited. Offices vefted in His Majeflj.

Perfons lmyi»g «r felling, or leceiring or paying Money or Rewards for Offices, guilty of MMUtmeanor.

Perfons re-•♦iving or paying Money for Eliciting or obtaining Offices, and any Ncgo-ciationa or pretended Nego-eiatrons relating thereto ; guilty of a Mifda-tteauor.

C.126.	490	GEO. III.	A.D.	1809.

of His Majefty’s Dominions, Colonics, or Plantations which tiow belong or may hereafter belong to His Majefty, and alfo to all Offices* Com* millions, Places and Employments belonging to or under the Appointment or Controul of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eafi Indies, in as full and ample a Manner as if the Provifions of the faid Aft were repeated as to all fuch Offices, Commiflions, Places, and Employments, and made Part of this Aft ; and the faid Aft and this Aft, and all the Claufes and Provifions therein refpeftively contained, (hall be conllrned aa one Aft, as if the fame had been herein repeated and re-enafted.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where the

Right, Eftate, on- Intereft of any Perfon or Perfons fhali be forfeited under any of the Provifions of the faid Aft or this Aft, the Rit?> t of fuch Appointment fhali immediately vefl in and belong to His M	his	Heirs	and SucctfTors.

III.	And be it further declartd and enafted, That from and after the pitting of this Aft, if any Perfon or Perfons fhali fell or bargain for the Sale of, or receive, have, or take any Money, Fee, Gratuity, Loan of Money, Reward, or Profit, direftly or indireftly, or any Promife, Agreement, Covenant, Contradf, Bond or AfTurance, or fhali by any Way, Device or Means contraft or agree to receive or have any Money, Fee, Gratuity, Loan of Money, Reward or Prefit, direftly or indireftly, and alfo if any Perfon or Perfons (hall pmchafe or bargain for the Purchafe of, or give or pay any Money, Fee, Gratuity, Loan of Money, Reward or Profit, or make or enter into any Promife, Agreement, Covenant, Contraft, Bond or Aflur-ance to give or pay anv Money, Fee, Gratuity, Loan of Money, Reward or Profit, or (hall by any Way, Means or Device, contraft or agree to give or pay any Money, Fee, Gratuity, Loan of Money, Reward or Profit, direftly or indireftly, for any Office, Commiffion, Piace or Employment fpecified ordeferibed in the faid recited Aft or this Aft, or within the true Intent or Meaning of the faid Aft, cr this Aft, or^ for any Deputation thereto, or for any Part, Parcel, or Participation of the Profits thereof, or for any Appointment or Nomination thereto or Refignation thereof, or for the Confent or Confents or Voice or Voices of any Perfon or Perfons to any fuch Appointment, Nomination or Refignation, then and in every fuch Cafe, every fuch Perfon, and alfo every Perfon who (hall wilfully and knowingly aid, abet or affift fuch Perfon therein, fhali be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Mifdemeanor.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the paffing of this Aft, if any Perfon or Perfons fhali receive, have, or take any Money, Fee, Reward, or Profit, direftly or indireftly, or take any Promife, Agreement, Covenant, Contraft, Bond, or AfTurance, or by any Way, Means, or Device, contraft or agree to receive or have any Money, Fee, Gratuity, Loan of Money, Reward or Profit, direftly or indireftly, for any Intereft, Solicitation, Petition, Requeft, Recommendation, or Negociation whatever, made or to be made, or pretended to be made, or under any Pretence of making or caufing or procuring to be made any Intereft, Solicitation, Petition, Requeft, Recommendation or Negociation, in or about or in anywife touching, concerning, or relating to any Nomination, Appointment, or Deputation to or Refignation of any fuch Office, Commiffion, Place Employment as aforefaid, or under any Pretence for ufing or having

1	ufed



A.D. 1809.

490 GEO* III.

C.126.	$55

ufed any Intereft, Solicitation, Petition, Requeft, Recommendation or Negociation, in or about any fuch Nomination, Appointment,

Deputation or Refignation, or for the obtaining or having obtained the Confent or Confents or Voice or Voices of any Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid to fuch Nomination, Appointment, Deputation or Refignation ; and alfo if any Perfon or Perfons fhall give or pay or caufe or procure to be given or paid any Money, Fee, Gratuity, Loan of Money, Reward or Profit, or make or caufe or procure to be made any Promife, Agreement, Covenant, Contraft, Bond or Aflbrance, or by any Way, Means, or Device, contrail or agree or give or payor caufe or procure to be given or paid any Money, Fee, Gratuity,

Loan of Money, Reward, or Profit for any Solicitation, Petition,

Requeft, Recommendation or Negociation whatever, made or to be made, that (hall in anywife touch, concern, or relate to any Nomination, Appointment, or Deputation to or Refignation of any fuch Office, Commiffion, Place, or Employment a9 aforefaid, or for the obtaining or having obtained, direftly or indireftly, the Confent or Confents, or Voice or Voices of any Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid to any fuch Nomination, Appointment, Deputation, or Refignation ; and alfo if any Perfon or Perfons fhall, for or in expeftation of Gain, Fee,

Gratuity, Loan of Money, Reward, or Protr, folicit, recommend, or negociate in any Manner for any Perfon or Perfons in any Matter that (hall in any wife touch, concern, or relate to any fuch Nomination,

Appointment, Deputation or Refignation aforefaid, or for the obtaining, direftly or indirectly, the Confent or Confents or Voice or Voices of any Perfon or Perfons to any fuch Nomination, Appointment, or Deputation or Refignation aforefaid, then and every fuch Cafe every fuch Perfon, and alfo every Perfon who (hall wilfully and knowingly aid, abet, or affilt fuch Perfon therein, (hall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Mifdemea-nor.

V.	‘ And Whereas on the Pretence of negociating or folicitmg

*	the Sal*, Transfer, or Appointment of any Office or Offices which

*	under the Exception of this Aft or otherwife it may be lawful to

*	fell, Offices for negociating the fame, and Advertifements may be

*	publifheJ, by Means and under the Colour of which illegal Tranf-« aftions intended to be prohibited by this Aft may be carried on*/

Be it therefore further enafted, That from and after the paffing of Perfons opening this Aft, if ,any Perfon or Perfons fhall open or keep any Houfe, adverting Room, Office, or Place for the foliciting, tranfafting or negociating in any Manner whatever any Bufinefs relating to Vacancies in, or the Bufinefs relating Sale or Purchafe of, or Appointment, Nomination, or Deputation to Sale of to, or Refignation, Transfer, or Exchange of any Offices, Com- Offices, guilty miffione, Places, or Employments whatever in or under any Publick of a Department, then and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Perfon, and meanor* alfo every Perfon who (hall wilfully and knowingly aid, abet, or affift therein, (hall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Mifdemeanor.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall Penalty on adverlife or publifh, or caufe or procure to be advertifed or in any Perfont adver-Manner publiffied any Houfe, Room, Office, or Place to have been

or to be opened, fet up, or kept for any of the Purpofes aforefaid, Narnesof6 or advertife or publifh, or caufe or procure to be advertifed or pub- Broke* or liffied, the Name or Names.of any Perfon or Perfons as Broker or Agents, 50I. Brokers, Agent or Agents, Solicitor or Solicitors for any of the Purpofes aforefaidi or print or caufe or procure or permit or fuffer

to

C. ia6.	490 GEO. III.	A.D.i8o<y.

to be printed or advertifed anv Advertifement or Advertifements, Propofal or Propofals for any of the Parpofes afore laid, then and m fuch Cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be fued for, levied, or recovered in any of His Majefty \s Courts of Record at Wejlminfler, as to all Offence* committed in England, or at Dublin as to Offmcc3 committed in Ireland\ or in His Majefty’s Courts iq, Scotland as to Offences committed in Scotland rclpedtively; and the whole of every fach Penalty fhall go to the Perfon who fhall fue for the fame, with full Cofts of Suit.

Exception as to	VII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That nothing in

Purchase or Sale this Act contained fhall extend or be conflrued to extend to any Pur-ot certain Offices chafe?, Sales, or Exchanges of any Commiflions or Appointments in honourable Band of Gmtlemen Penfioners, or in His Majefty** the Army at the Yeoman Guard, or in the Marfhalfea, and the Court of the King of regulated Prices, the Palace of the King at Wejimmjler, or to extend to any Purchafe*, and authorized Sales, or Exchanges of any Commiflions in H*s Majefty’s Forces for Regimental fuch prjce8 a8 (hall be regulated and fix-d by any Regulation made or ^houi Fee!^ to ma<^e by His Majtfty in that Bthalf, or to any A& or Thing done in relation thereto, by any Agents, provided that fuch Agents (hali be Agents of Regiments authorized by the Commander in Chief of His Majefty’s Forces, or by the Colonel* or Commandants of Regiments or Corpr, and (hall aft therein under fuch Regulations only as are or (hall from Time to Time be eftablifhed by H» and (hall not canfe or procure, or knowingly permit or fuffcr to be printed or advertifed. any Advertifement or Advertifements, Propofal or Prop»fals for any Purchafe or Sale or Exchange of any Gommiffion, or any Negociation relating thereto, and (hall not receive or take any Money, Fee, Gratuity, or Reward, or any Promife. Agretmeit, Covenant, Contradl, Bond, or Affurance, or by any W?y, Means, or Device, contrail or agree to receive or have any Money, Fee, Gratuity, or Reward, for a&ing in fuch Behalf.

Officers in Army VIII. Provided alfo, and be it further enatted, That every Officer giving more than in His Majefty’s Forces, who (hall take, accept, or receive, or pay, regulated Prices, or agree to pay, any larger Sum of Money, diredly or indirectly, ©r paying Agents tban wbat js allowed by any Regulations made by His Jdajefty in ^IHbdeTtTheir relation to the Purchafe, Sale, or Exchange of Commiflions in His Commiflions, Majefty’s Forces, or who (hall pay, or caufe to be paid, any Sum of and be cafhiered; Money, to any Agent or Broker, or other Perfon, for negociating their Commif- the Purchafe or Sale or Excharge of any fuch Commifiion, (hall, Half of the *	°n	conv^e<i	thereof by a General Court Martial, forfeit hi*

Produce (not	Commiflion, and be cafhiered; and as an Encouragement for the

exceeding 5ool.) Dtte&ion of fuch Pra6lices,'fuch Commiflion fo forfeited fhall be to the Informer, fold, and Half the regulated Value (not exceeding Five hundred ’**•	Pounds) (hall be pa d to the Informer, arid the other Hajf, or the

Remainder, if more than Five hundred Pounds, (hall go and be applied as His Majtfty (hall order and dire A, by any Regulations from Time to Time made in that Behalf: Provided alfo, that every Perfon who (hall fell his Commifiion in His Majefty’s Forces, and not continue to hold any Commifiion in His Majefty’s Forces, and (hall, upon or in relation to fuch Sale, take, accept, or receive, di-rc£By or indirectly, airy Money, Fee, Gratuity, Loan of Money, Reward, or Profit, or any Promife, Agreement, Covenant, Contract Bond, or Affurauce, or fhall by any Device or Means cootra& or

agree



A.D. iSop*	49°	GEO.	III.

C.iz6.

$57

agi-ee to receive or have any Money, Fee, Gratuity, Loan of Money,

Reward, or Profit, beyond the regulated Price or Value of the Commifiion fold, and alfo every Perfon who (hall wilfully or knowingly aid, abet, or affift fuch Perfon therein, (lull be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Mifdemtanor wit' in the Provifions of this Aft.

IX.	Provided a’ways, and be it further enafted, That nothing in Exception as t» this Aft containrd fh * 11 extend or be couftrued to extend to any Office P^tes exceI*®* excepted from the Provhon* of the (aid Aft puffed in the Sixth

Year of the Reign of Kin * Edward the Sixth againft buying and itg^]|v GdeaUk, felling of Offices, or to any Office which was le?al’y faleable before the palling of this Aft. and in the Gift of any Perfon by virtue of any Office of which fuch Peif >n k or (hail be poffeffed under any Patent or Appointment for his Life; or to render invalid, or in any Manner to affeft any Promife, Agreement, Covenant, Contraft, Bond, Affur-ance, or Truft, entered into or declared before the paffing of this Aft, and which before the paffing thereof was a valid Promife, Agreement,

Covenant, Contraft, Bond, Affurance, or Truft, in Law or Equity, or to any Money paid, or to any Aft, Matter, or Thing done in purfnance of any fuch Promife, Agreement, Covenant, Contraft,

Bond, or Affurance.

X. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this Savin* df Aft contained (halt extend or be conftrued to extend to prevent or kwful Depute* make void any Deputation to any Office, in any Cafe in which it is

lawful to appoint a Deput/, or any Agreement, Contraft, Bond, or dJVeeL Affurance lawfully made in rcfptft of ar.y Allowance, Salary, or Payment made or agreed to be made by or to fuch Principal or Deputy refpeftively, out of the Fees or Profits of fuch Office.

XL Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That nothing in the Exceptionmta laid Aft or in this Aft contained (hall extend to any annual Referva- annual Payment* tior. Charge, or Payment made or required to be made out of the Fees, Perquisites, or Profits of any Office to any Perfon who (hall have held fuch Office, in any Commifiion or Appointment of any th*Office ~ Perfon fucctedicg to fuch Office, or to any Agreement, Contraft,

Bond, or other Affurance made for fecuring fuch Refervation, Charge, or Payment : Provided always, that the Amount of fuch Refervation, Charge, or Payment, and the Circumftanctsand Reafons under which the fame (hall have been permitted, (hall be ftated in the Com-miffion, Patent, Warrant, or Inftrument of Appointment of the Perfon fo fucceedin^ to and holding fuch Office, and paying or fe--curing fuch Money as afore (aid.

XII. 4 And whereas the Parliament oi Ireland never enafted any 4 Provffions fimilar to thofe contained in the laid recited Aft of the

*	Fifth and Sixth Years of Kmg Edward the Sixth : And wbereaa

*	it hath always been cuftomary in the Appointment of the Mailers 4 and Six Clerks, and Firft and Second Examiners of the Court of ' Chancery in Ireland, to allow the having and receiving of Money, or 4 other valuable Conlideration for thofe Appointments ; and although 4 it may be fit and proper that the faid Cuftom (hould be abolilhed,

4 yet it 16 reafonable that the ieveral and refpeftive Perfons who now Exeepdpnaatt 4 Kold the faid Offices (hould be permitted to difpofe of the fame m	Six*

4 like Manner as hath been heretofore done Be it therefore enafted,	40(1	-

-That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Mailers and Six Clerks, and'Firil a»d Second Examiner or any of them, (fave and except Ireland, till after George Ellis Efquire, one of xbc Mailers of the laid Court,] fo to pro- the Death,



Google

55*

PunHhment of Miidemeanors in Scotland.

Offences committed abroad fhall be tried in King’s Bench, under 41G. 3. C* 85.

Commencement ol the Aft in certain Places abroad.

•9 G. 3. c. lio. § 1. as to Amount of Augmentation of Salaries of Cl.iet Baron, and puifne Judges, repealed.

C.126,127.	49* GEO. Ill#	A.D.	1809*

ceed touching the Difpofition and Appointment of their faid Offices refpeftively, in fuch and the like Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as hath been heretofore accudomed ; but that from and after the Death, Refignation, or Removal of each of them, and the aftual Appointment of any Perfon in the Stead of the Perfons fo dying, resigning, or being removed, the Powers and Provifions of the faid recited Aft and of this Aft (hall be applicable and fhall be applied to the faid refpeftive Offices in the (aid Court of Chancery in Ireland.

XIII.	Provided aKvays, and be it enafted, That every Perfon who fhall commit, in Scotland, any Offence againft this Aft, which by the Provifions of the fame is conftituted a Mifdemeanor, fhall be liable to be punifhed by Fine and Imprifonment, or by the one or the other of fuch Punifhments as the Judge or Judges before whom fuch Offender fhall be tried and convifted may direft.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That all Offences committed againft the Provifions of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, by any Governor, Lieutenant Governors, or Perfon having the chief Command, Civil or Military, in any of His Majelty’a Dominions, Colonies, or Plantations, or his or their Secretary or Secretaries, may and fhall be profecuted and enquired of, and heard and determined in His Majefly’s Court of King’s Bench at Wejlmtnjlcr, in like Manner as any Crime, Offence, or Mifdemeanor commuted by any Perfon holding a publick Employment abroad, may be profecuted and enquired of under the Provifions of an Aft palled in the Forty-fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majelxy, intituled, jin Aft for the trying and punching in Great Britain Perfons holding publick Employmentr, for Offences committed abroad; and for extending the Provifions of an Aft paffed in the Twenty-jirjl Tear of the Reign of King James, made for the Eafe of JuJlices and others in pleading in Suits brought againfl them, to all Perfons either in or out of tins Kingdom, authorised to commit to fafe Cujlody.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That nothing in the faid recited Aft or this Aft contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to Gibraltar, Malta, or any Place or Places in the Medi-terratiean, until Three Months ; or to any of His Majefty’s Dominions, Colonies, or Plantations in America or the IVeJl Indies, until Four Months; or to the Cape of Good Hope% the Iflaud of Saint Helena. or any Part of ylfrica. until Six Months ; or to any of Hjs Majcfly’s Dominion* in the Eajl Indies or beyond the Cape of Good Hope, until Twelve Mouths, after the paffing of this Aft.

C A P. CXXVII.

An Act for further augmenting the Salaries of certain of the Judges of the Courts in Wejlminjler Hally and of the Chief and Second Juftice of Chej1ery and Juflices of the Great Seffions in Wales.	[20th June 1809.]

* Mott Gracious Soyereign,

*	TTTHEREAS an Aft was paffed in the Thirty-ninth Year of ‘ Y\ His prefent Majefty’a Reign, intituled. An Act for the

*	Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in Weft-

* ip in Her Hall, and alfo of the Lords of Seffion, Lords Commfjioners of % JuJliciaryy and Batons of Exchequer in Scotland, and. for enabling

4 His

 CjOOQie

A. D,1809.	49°	GEO. III.	XZ.irj.	55*

*	His Majeffy to grant Annuities to Perfons in certain Offices in the jaid 4 Courts of We it miniler-Hall, on their Refignation of their refpedive 4 Offices : And Whereas it is expedient that a further Augmentation

* fhould be made in the Salaries and Profits of the Chief Baron of the

* Court of Exchequer, the Puifne Judges in the Court of King’s

*	Bench, the Puifne Judges of the Court of Common Pieas, and

*	the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer at Wejlminfier%

€ and alfo in the Salaries and Profits of the Chief Jndice of Cheffer9 4 the Second Juftice of Chcjlcr% and the Judices of Great Seffijns for 4 the Counties in Wales; we your Majefly’s mod dutiful and loyal 4 Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and 4 Ireland in Parliament aflembled, do moil humbly befeech Your Ma-4 jedy that »t may be enabled ;* and be it enaded by the King’s mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That fo much of the faid recited Ad as relates to the Amounts of the Sums to be iflued in Augmentation of their refpedive Salaries to the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, to the Puifne Judices in the Courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and to the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer, (hail be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the palling of Their Salaries this Ad, there (hall be iflued, paid, and payable out of, and charged augmented, viz. and chargeable upon the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain, (after Chief Baron to paying and referving fufficient to pay all fuch Sum and Sums of

Money as have been direded by any former Ad or Ads of Parliament, j^dge and Baron to be paid out of the fame, but with Preference to all other Payments 4000I. which (hall or may be hereafter charged upon or payable out of the faid Fund,) to the feveral Performs hereinafter mentioned, as an Augmentation of their rt foedive Salaries fo much Money as will make up their refpedive Salaries and pecuniary Profits belonging to their faid refpedive Offices to the annual Sums hereinafter mentioned, to the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, Five thoufand Pounds, and to each of the Puif ie Juftices of the Courts of Kmg’9 Bench and Common Pleas, and to each of the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer, Four thoufand Pounds.

III.	And be it further enaded, That in whatever Sums the whole [„ what Manner Amount which (hall have been received, or were payable to any of the Half-yearly the Perfons before mentioned in refped of their faid Offices within Payment Audi the Half-Year preceding the Delivery of any fuch Account as is he computed, direded by the faid recited Ad, (hall be lefs than the clear Sum of

Two thoufand five hundred Pound* in refped of the faid Chief Baron, or of Two Thoufand Pounds in refped of the faid Puifne Judges and Barons of the faid Courts, (hall be the Sums to be iflued for the Half Year in which the faid Account (hall be delivered, and (hall be computed and alcertaintd fo as to make up the whole of their refpedive Salaries and pecuniary Profits to the Half-yearly Sums rcfpe&ively before-mentioned, and fuch Sums (hall be iflued accordingly in Manntr hereinafter mentioned, and as if the Sums^ fo to be afce.tained had been fpecifically mentioned in this Ad.

IV.	4 And Whereas by the faid recited Ad it is direded that an 4 Account (hall be delivered Half-yearly by the faid Puifne Jultices 4 to the Comroiflionera of the Treafury of all Fee6» Salar es, and 4 Pecuniary profits, received or payable to them in refped of their

4 Offices



Arrmml Sum of 40i. to the Second Judge of Court of King’s Bench fcr Charge to die Grand Jury See* (hall not be included in Half-yearly Account vequired under *<>G. 3. c. no. I 2*

Augmentation of 4001. to the Salaries of the Jtrftices of Chefter, and of the Great Sefiions for die Counties of Wales.

Salaries lhall be paid Half-yearly, clear of all Taxes, except Property Tax, under 46 G. 3* c.'fcSw

according to Regulations of 39 G. 3*e. 109.

C.iay.	49°	GEO. III.	A.D.i805^

*	Offices for the preceding Half Year: And Whereas by Writ of

*	Privy Seal granted in the Second Year of His prefent Majefiy**

*	Reign, reciting that a Reward of Forty Pounds per Annum at

*	the Rate of Ten Pounds in every Term had long fince been afiigoed

*	to the Second Judge of the Court of King’s Bench, in refpeft of

*	his Labour and Trouble in giving the Charge to the Grand Jury, *• and pronouncing Judgement in the faid Court againft M-tlefaftors, it

*	was direfted, that regular Payment (hould be made of the aforefaid

*	termlv. Allowance of Ten Pounds to the faid Second Judpe of the

*	faid Court for the Time bting, in refueft of his Pai» 9 and Service

*	above-mehfipned: And whereas Doubts have betr. entertained

*	whether theyfaid Allowance of Forty Pounds was intended to be

*	included in tha^Halt-yeariy Account of Salary, Fees, and pecuniary

*	Proiits, to be ^fevered in to the Commifliontrs of the Treafmy by ‘ the faid Second *vJjudge of the faid Court of King’s Bench under ‘ the faid recited A^:’ Be it therefore enafted and declared, That the faid termly Adowagke of Forty Pounds is not nor was intended to be included in the faid EfiM-yearly Account to be delivered as aforefaid, by the faid Second J^dge of the faid Court of King** Bench, nor in the Eftiraate of Salary, Fees, and pecuniary Profits, upon which the Amount of the Sums to be ifiued from Time to Time to the faid Second Judge under the faid recited Aft and this Aft was or is to be computed.

V.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the palling of this Aft, there lhall be alfo iffued, paid, and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the faid Confolidated Fund, after paying and referving fufficient to pay all fuch Sum and Sums of Money as have been direfted by any former Aft or Afts of Parliament to be paid out of the fame, but with Preference to all other Payments which lhall or may be hereafter charged upon or payable out of the faid Fund, to the feveral Prrfons hercin-after mentioned, in Augmentation of their refpeftive Salaries and Profits, and over and above any Sums of Money to which they may be entitled under any Aft now in force, the feveral annual Sums herein after mentioned ; that is to fay, to the* Chief Juftice of Chejier, and to the Second Juftice of Clxjler^ and to each of the Juftices of the Great Scfli.ns for the Counties of Wales, the Sum of Four Hundred Pounds.

VI.	And be it further enafted. That the faid feveral Sums of Money to be iflutd in purfnance of this A ft, lhall from Time to Time from thenceforth, be payable and paid Half-yearly, free and clear from all Taxes ard Deduftions whatfoever, (exceDt the Duty charged by an Aft palled in the F. rty-fixth Year of the Reign of H;s prelent Ma jetty, intituled, An AS fur granting to His Majefiy during the prefent War, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty ofi. Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, oh the Ratetand Duties on Profits arifimg from Property, Pro-fejfions, Trades, and Offices', and for repealing an AS pajfed in the Forty fifth Tear of His prefent Majefiy, for repealing certain Parts of an AS made in the Forty third Tear of His prefnt Majefiy, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arifing from Property, Profejfions. Trades, and Offices, and to confolidate and render more eJffieSual the Provifions for coileSing the faid Duties,) on the Tenth Day of OSober and the Fifth Day of April in each Year, by even and equal Portions; the Firft Payment thereupon to be made on the Tenth Day of OSober

 t^ooQle

A.D.i8o9«	49°	Geo.	HI.	C.	127,138-	561

One thoufand eight hundred and nine* and the faid feveral Sums of

Money (hall be paid in the fame Manner, and under and fubjeft to the

like Rules and Regulations, (as far as the fame are applicable) as are	V

prefcribed in the faid recited Aft for the Payment of the feveral Sums

of Money therein direfted to be paid.

VII. And be it further enaded, That the (aid recited Ad, and all Powers of recite* Claufes, Provifions, Rules, Regulations, Matters, and Things therein ^ ^J5nde<l ** contained (fo far as the fame are applicable’and are not hereby altered)

(hall be in force, and be applied to carry into Effect the Purpofes of this Ad.

C A P. CXXVIII.

An Ad for granting to His Majefty certain Sums of Money out of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein-mentioned for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nine ; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Seflion of Praliament.	[20th	June	1809.]

§ 1. £. 4,000,000 o o

IT.

III.

IV.

^*757*352

3,000,000

44

o

19,000,000 o o

Out of Surplus of Briti/b Confolidated Fund. -	-

Surplus of Ways and Means for 1808.

Part of the Sura of 20,000,000/.

granted by	48 G. 3. c. 148.

From the following Duties, viz.

Additional Cuftoms under 43 G.3. c. 70.

Additional Excife -	  c.	8i.

Duties on Property	— c. 122.

Additional Cuftoms	44 G. j. c,	3

Additional Duties on Property	45 G. 3.*.

Additional Excife on Tobacco, &c.	4 6G.3.C.

Additional Cuftom9	 c.

Additional Duties on Pro-

-	.	—.— ■ c.

Excife on

47G

V.

perty Additional Brandy Cuftoms Ditto

The following Sums, viz.

Produce of Malt and Pcnfion Aft, not exceeding

3 • e. Jt • I. c •

48	G. 3. c.

49	G. 3. c.

o

’►

5

CO

u

o •

•g-3

Oh



£. 3,000000

10.300.000 1*500,000 0,000,000

14.600.000

Lotteries

3>c'Ocx?qo

49 Ceo, III.

00	-	-	-	49 G.

o o Exchequer Bills -	—

o o Ditto	-	------

<9 o Ditto	...	------

o o Loan (after dedufting 3,oco 000/.

remitted to Ireland anu 600,000/. to the Prince Regent of Portugal

(Dedufting One-third for Ireland) -o o Exchequer Bills

Oo



56%

V. £,

continued.

19,000*000

49° GEO- HI.

j,000,000

2»757>.352

4,000,000

VI.

VII.

o out of War Taxes (granted above See § IV.) o (granted above, § III.)

(granted above, § II.) o out of Confolidated Fund (See § I.)

The following Sums, viz,

3,000,000 o o (Part of the x «

Briti/h'Loan) w ^

l.s-l _§

(Annuities and /

Treafury Bills) I (Teafury Bills)J

A.D.18095

Appropriated to the Ufe8 ■ after expreffed

See § VII, &c.

Share of Lotteries 1,250,000	0	0

500,000 Application, viz

VIII.

19,578,467	*3	9
3,126,500	0	0
4.985.500  3.295.500	0	0
	0	0
591,500	0	0
1,408,437	13	9
2,296,030	0	0
3,000,000	0	0
314*000	0	0
506,000	0	0
50,000	0	0
5,000	■ 0	0
3,000,000	0	0

IX.

X.

XI.

XII.

XIII.

300.000

400.000

300.000 .600.000

21,144,77°

7*582>378

o

o

o

o

JO

16

29.322 10 o

for the Navy Services following, vi%. for Wages of 130,000 Men,	£

including 31,400 Marines I I 1 thrir Victualling	{	S	f	)

Wear and Tear of Ships (	]

Ordnance for Sea Service ) 3 E, ? Ordinary of the Navy including Half pay.

Building, and re-building Ships of War Extra.

Hire of Tranfports.

Sick and Wounded Seamen at Home and Abroad.

Prifoncrs of War in Health at ' Home and Abroad.

Ditto Sick. -

to form a Compaffionate Lift for^ Nary and Marines.-For the Service of Great Britain,

“ to enable Hi? Majefty to afford Afliftarce to the Emperor of jdujlria, and to the People of Spain and Portugal\ and to take fuch Meafures as the Exigences of Affairs may require.”

For Exigences for Ireland.

Engagements with His Sicilian Majefty. Advanced to the King of Sweden. Loan to the Prince Regent of Portugal. For the Land Service following, viz. for Land Forces at Home and Abroad (except in the Eajl Indies and Foreign Corps, and except embodied Militia.) for Five Troops of Dragoons, and Fifteen Companies of Foot for recruiting the Corps ferving in India. -	,	-	->	*

£. s. d.

1	17 o']

2	19 of

I 19 of

o 7 oj

For 13 Months.

For the Year 1S09.

Out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies afore-faid.

For 1809.

From 2j|h Dec. iScS, to 25th Dec. 1809.

/



£.D.i8o9f

49* GEO. Ill

C.iati

56$

XIII. *6. ^,048,647 19 5 for the embodied Militia in Grcat~\

continued

9334

449,649

7 9

31-79$ 1 257.7“ *3

3

3

\ From 25th Dee. 1808, to 25‘th Dec. 1809,

22**263 § 3

11,304 16 jo 492,412 1.6 8

49,437 h 8 1,000,820 .0 o 1,219,803 .0 o 24,972 12 11 115,024 8 4 14,300 O o

For the Year 1809.

1808, to 25th Dec. 1809.

479 857 2J5>5°8 r4

9 11

22,651 1,080.000 o 44.000 o

579*563 ©

4,260 o 215,429 19

Britain and Ireland, and Corps of Marines.	-	w

6 10 Charge of Foreign Corps for Service of Great Britain and Ireland.	-	-

for General and Staff Officers and Hofpital Officers, and GarriCons at Home and )

Abroad. -	-

Supernumerary Officers of the Forces.	...

Principal Officers of Publick Departments in Great Britain and Ireland, and Exchequer Fees. -	-	:	•	J

on account of Half-pay to reduced Officers of Land Forces, including Briti/b American Forces, and Scotch Brigade,

See. ■	-	-

For Military Allowances to ditto.

Chelfea and Kilmainham In and^J From 25th Dec. Out Penfimers and Expences r of the Hofpitals.	- - J

Widows' Penfions	in	Greatly	. v 0

Britain and	Ireland.. f For the Year 1809.

Volunteer Corps in Great Britainl From 25th Dec. 1808 and Ireland.	-	-J	to 25 th Dec. 1809.

Local Militia Forces * in Great Britain.	-

Allowances to Chaplains of the Forces.

Medicines and Hofpital Contin- ^ For the Year 1809. gences.

Compaffionate Lift of Land Officer*' Children and Widows not entitled to Penfions.

Barrack Department in Ireland\ I fur the CommifTariat and Extra / From 25th Dec, Forage of the Cavalry ir ^	°	n *	*

Ireland.

Probable Expenditure of Com* miliary General's Office.

Probable Extraordinary Expenditure of ditto. -	<

Probable Expenditure of Store- For the Year 1809. Keeper General’s Department. -Barrack Department in Great Britain.	-	-

for examining Account of Bar- 1 Prior to the Year rack Department. •	-	j

Army Extraoidinaries*

0 o 2

j

11

2

3808, to 25th Dec. 1809.

1805.

For the Year 1808.



564

C. 128.

XIII.	3,000,000 0	O 1
continued.		
XIV.	4>°719 :	to i
	450,366 12	1
	159 768.14	4
	592>9I3 6	5
	3 4)9*53 ™	7
XV.	10>5oo,ooo 0	0
xvr.	1 >500,000 0	0
XVII.	5,000,000 0	0
XVIII.	6,000,000 0	0
XIX.	22,166 1	9 f
XX.	Civil Eftabliihments,	
	17,360 0	0
	8,430 0	0
	5,50b 0	0
	10,105 0	0
	3,100 0	0
	2,060 0	0
	i,985 0	0
	3>7oo 0	0
	1,030 0	0
	6co 0	0
	15,134. 10	
	23000 0	0
XXI.	16,975 »7	4
	23>33° 9	2
	47,6,50 17	9
	13.215 19	6
	l6o;3S2 2	0
	55,295 O	0
	3,000 0	0
	0  0  0  CfJ	0
	20,000 O	0
	^2,000 O	0
	5.0CO 0	0
	7.497 n	2
	*,500,000 0	0
	*3.471 L5	0
	10,000 «	0

490 GEO. III.	•	A.D. 1809*

Extraordinary Service, of the! p the Year l8 Army ift Great Britain. -3	y

f" Ordnance Office for Land? For the Year ,809.

Service for Great Britain.	*3

Ditto, not provided for - In 1807.

Ditto.	•	-	-	In 1808.

For Ordnance Office in Ireland. For the Year 1&09S Ditto not provided for • In 1808.

To difcharge out-ftanding Exchequer Bills under 48 G. 3. c. 7.

Ditto iffued tor the Service of 1808,

48 G. 3. c. 54.

Ditto 'iflued for the Service of 1808, acd out-ftanding. -Ditto. 48 G. 3.c. 114.

To make good Money iffued by Addreftes of Houfe of Commons viz.

Sierra Leone.

Upper Canada.

New Brunswick.

Nova Scotia.	-	•

Prince Edward1 s Ifland.

Cape Breton.

Newfoundland.

Bahama I(lands.

Bermuda or Somers Iflands,

Dominica.

New South Wales.

Brit'tjh Forts in Africa,

Royal Military College Royal Military Afvlum, Chelfea Difcharging $per Cent. Annu ities under 37 G. g.c. 10. and 42 G. 3./. 8.

Ditto

French Clergy, Touloufe, Dutch, ^ and Corfican Emigrants, Saint Domingo Sufferers, and American Loyalifta Employing Conv;£b at Home.

Profecutions relating to Coin.

Printing and Stationary for both Houles of Parliament.

Law Charges.

Public Office BowJlreet.

Fees on palling publick Accounts	-	■	•

Superintendance of Aliens Intereft on Exchequer Bills. -Securing Docks, &c. at Port]mouth, Dover, &C. Roads and Bridges in Scot land* •	•	•

. From > ift Jan. to 31ft DecK 1809.

For the Year 1809.

^On 5th April 1809. On 1 oth Q&. 1809;

} For the Year 1809.

j* For 1809.

 CjOOQle

C.I2S.

A.D.1809.

XXI.

cmt'tnued.

49° GEO. III.

s<5;

£■ 50,000 0 o

5,523 o o 1,641 19 o

8,423 13 2



For 1809.

For Seffion 1S09. > In Seffion 1808.

22,400	0	0
4,000	0	0
10,000	0	0

4

In 1809.

2,154 3 11

Making Inland Navigation" from Eaftcm to Weftern ,

Sea.

Salaries to Officers of HoufesI -of Lords and Commons. J Deficiency for printing Votes,'

Bills, &c. Houfe of Commons.

Deficiency for Printing and'}

Stationary for both lioufes /-In 1808. of Parliament.	-J

For printing Votes, Bill?, $cc.\ Dunne Seffion of Houfe of Commons.	j	1809,

For printing Vol. 61. of the! T Q .

Journals of the Commons. J n 1 °^*

For re-printing Journals, &c. of the Houfe of Commons.

For the Year 1809. Horfe Patrole round the Metropolis, for One Year.

For Relief of Danijh Settlements in Davis9* Straights.

Thames Police Office London, for Plan of Security of Shipping.

For examining Accounts be-'j For Three tween Eafi India Company > Years,to 7th and Government. - J Sept. 1808. Deputy Serjeant at Arms, Houfe of Commons, for One Year’s Houfe Rent.

For Index to the Rolls of Parliament.

For Index to Journals of the Peer*, from the 5th of July 1805 to the 5th of July 1808. For ditto iiucc the 5th of July 1808.

Bounty on Britijh American rifh imported in Wejl India I (lands.

To Second Clerk Affiftant of j Houfe of Common for reim-1 burling Duty of 5I. per Cent. | on his Allowance.

Salaries to Officers of Houfe of Commons for Seffion of 1808.

Expences of Commiffioners of Military Inquiry under 45 G- 3. c. 47.

For Articles fent to New South Wales.

For Payment of Bills on account of Convi&9, dated 31ft of Dec. 1808.

Expences of National Vaccine Eftablilhrnent. Bills drawn from New South Wales, for the Year 1809.

For Stores fupplied to £:>manffary at Sydney^ New South Wales.

3,000	o	o	Board of Agriculture.	1	For the Yeai

175,000	«	o	Foreign and other fecret Services*	j	1809.

O o 3

6.345	l6	0 1	
5,26519		0	
1,299	4	0	h.  <2*
*>333	9	0	*>
219	14	0	U  0  *3
439	13	0	Cm
1,623	0	0	O  +*  3
1,192  98	0	0	O
	1	3	JS  ft§ *
7613		6	<u  c  0  s
3.409	14	8	OJ  -C  *T3
745	0	0	O  O  b0
1,848	9	5	V
3>3J5	0	*i	c«  6
3>i63	8	6	H
6,172	12	2	
114	18	1	

•For 1808.



Google

5sd

XXI.

continued.

£.

C.128.'

1,326 278

*>55°

30,000

7*639

9>7°9

490 GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

XXII.

*7

6

74 3

14,000

12,000

6.000

20,000

4.000

12

o

o

o

o

o

506

278

, in

1

For the Year 1809.

2*698 13 o')

1,623

o o

*^For the Year 1809.

3

>•8 v

7,422 12 O

36,042

30,500

6,000

16.000

41400

10.000

35> °°°

3,057

100,000 • o

4,500 o o

5,569 o O

Irifh Currency. 340 o o

4 Allowance to Poor of Saint Martin's in the Fields.

6 1 UTed ont of f Returns refpe&ing Refidence of Clergy. O J Civil Lift. \ For Supplies for the Faro Ifiands.

0	T\ASrJ^iomNew} F°r the Year ig°9

2 Britijh Mufeum. for general Purpofes. o Proteftant Diflenting Minifters^

in England and Ireland, and > For the Year 1809. French Refugees.	J

Ditto, Deficiency of Grant, in the Year 1808. Extra Contingencies of the*l Three Secretaries of State. 1 Extra Mefftngers to Ditto.

For Convi&ion of Felons. _

Royal Military Canal.	During the Year 1809.

Bounties for Fiffi brought to '

London and Wejlminjler,

(“Chairman of the Committee oil For the Year ““ the HoufeofLords, 3	1808.

Serjeant at Arms to Houfe of Lords, for Services during 1808.

Survey of Roads and Bridges in Scotland. Returns refpe&ing enforcing the Refidence of Clergy for Half Year ending 5th of January 1809.

& To Officers for levying Tallies in the Exchequer, from 5th Jan. 1805 to jth July 1808. 8	8 Improvement of Streets near"

Wejlminjler Hall. o o Building a Mint on Tower Hill. - ,	-	-

o o Corjican and Toulonefe Emigrants.	-

o o Allowances to retired Dutch Officers.

o o French Emigrants in 7‘rfcy O O To Dr. Cartwright for various Mechanical Inventions.

0	o Building and Maintenance of

Naval Afylum

1	8 For printing Vols. 36 and 37

of the Lords' Journals.

To the Governors of Queen Hnnds Bounty in aid of poor Clergy.

To Commiffioners of

Forejl in the County of S* For Two Years.

Southampton. -	-J

F°SrSary R.°adS 1“ For the Ycu l8°9*

For the Year 1809.

Accountant General for preparing publick Accounts, forSeffion 1809.

 Go<' ^le

AJD.iSop.

continued.

49* GEO. HI.

U 240	O	O
200	O	O
	O	O
200	O	O
2 00	O	O
	O	O
200	O	O
25,000	O	O
1,200	O	O
10,500	O	O
25,000	O	O
2,500	O	O
9,429	IS	O
I>°47	IO	2
560	1	I
3.382	O	O
21 900	O	O

15,000 o

258 o

3.741 o o

C. ia*.

5^7

\ In Ireland to 5th. ' Jan. 1809.

From 5 th' Jan. 1809, to 5th Jan. 1810.

His Deputy.

Examinator of Corn Bounties.

Infpe&ir General of Imports and Exports preparing Accounts.	-	-

His Firft Clerk for extra Trouble. -

Examinator of Excife pie-paring Accounts.

His Afliftant.

Cltrk in Auditors of Exchequer Office	preparing Accounts.	-	- _J

Civil Buildings.	.

Printing, &c. 250 Copies j of the A 6*8.49 G. 3.

Proclamations	and Ad-

vertifements	in Dublin

Gazette.

Criminal Profecutions.

Apprehending publick Offenders.

Non-conforming Mini-Iters. -

Ex pence of Pratique in Dublin Port.

Gold Mine of Wicklow, from 5th Jan. 1809 to 31ft Dec. 1809.

For Lottery Offices, for One Year ending 24th June 1809.

Printing and Difburfe-ments for Secretaries1 Office and other pub-’ lick Offices in Dublin Cattle.

Harbour of. Howth,	7	for One Year from 24th

Works at, -	-	\	April	1809.

Further Printing* and-Stationarv for o

m

from 5 th Jan. 1809, to 5th Jan. 1180.

taries’ Office ard other publick Offices in Dublin Caftlc.

Support of Seceding M;-nifters from the Svnod of Uljer.

1 f .

< From5^.7^.18co, t0 5th Jan. i8iS.

rch

i From 25th

)	1809, to ■2,5th

I	March 1810.

3 >500 o o 15,000 o o

Iocidents of the Trea-fury. -

S

c

h-4

For One Year ending 5th Jan. lb 10.

(Britijh) Allowances to Commiffionera of Inquiry on Fees in publick Offices iu	&c.

0 04

 E.ooQle

S<S8

XXIV.

xxv.

XXVI.

XXVII.

XXVIII.

10,000	0	0
10,000	0	0
5,000	0	0
2,000	0	0
2,849	0	0
21,600	0	0
21,8*5	0	0
3>523	0	0
11,781	0	0
1,662	0	0
1.940	0	0
9.569	0	0
32>243	0	0
1,000	0	0
i>779	0	0
	0	0
800	0	0
500	0	©
4.576	0	0
8.973	0	0
36,003	0	0

A»Di i Sop*

From 5th Jan. 1809* to 5th Jan. 1810.

C.128.	49® GEO. HI.

{Irtfb) Board of Firft Fruits^ for building and re-building of Churches, Sea*

Dublin Society for promoting Hufbandry, &c.

Farming Society of Ireland.

Cork Inftitution.

Commiffioneri for making wide and convenient Streets in Dublin.	-	^

Truftees of the Linen Manufa&ures, fbr One Year ending 5th Jan. 181®.

Foundling Hofpital in Dub->\

I in.

Hibernian Marine Society.

Hibernian School for Soldiers’

Children.

Female Orphan Houfe near Dublin.

Affociation for difeountenan-cing Vice, &c.

Wejlmorland Lock Hofpital.

Houfe^of induftry and Penitentiary. -Fever? Hofpital in Cork-fireet Dublin•	-	-

Lying-in Hofpital.

Completing Royal College of Surgeons.

Commiffioners of charitable Donation*.

Do&or Steevens’s Hofpital.

Sir Patrick Dunn\ Hofpital.

Roman Catholic Seminary.

Incorporated Society for promoting Engli/b Proteftant Schools.

Supplies fliall be applied only to the Purpofes"!

authorized, &c.	-	-	I

Rules for receiving Half pay.

Application of Overplus of Sum (under 48 G. 3. c. 148.) to reduced Officers. -	•

FromjthTd*. 1809, \ to 5th Jem. 1810.

;

•i

At in former A£U.

C A P.



Google

ftJXx Zog:

490 GEO* III,

C. liji*

CAP. CXXIX.

An Aft.to prevent the enlifting of Local Militia Men into the Regular Militia of any other County or Stewartry than the County or Stewartry to which they belong.

\% i ft June 1809.]

r TT7HEREAS an Aft paffed in the prefent Seffion of Parlia-

*	VV ment, intituled, An A3 to amend and render more effeSual an

*	A3 paffed in the laft SefJion of Parliament, for enabling His Majefly to

*	ejlablijb a permanent Local Militia Forcet under certain ReJlri8ionst for

*	the Defence of the Realm: And Whereas another Aft paffed in the

*	prefent Seffion of Parliament, intituled, An A3 to amend and render 49G.3.e.4k

*	more effectual an Ad puffed in the lafl Seffion of Parliament, for enabling 1 His Majefly to ejlabiifb a permanent Local Militia Force in Scotland,

4 under certain Reflrid'tons, for the Defence of the Realm : And Whereas 4 another Aft paffed in this Seflion of Parliament, intituled, An A3

4 for completing the Militia of Great Britain: And Whereas by the *9G-3»**sS*

*	faid Two firft recited Afts, Perfons enrolled te ferve or ferving

*	in the Local Militia, are allowed to enlift or enter into the regular

*	Militia : And Whereas by the faid laft recited Aft, the Commatid-

*	ing Officers of Militia are allowed to raifeMen by Beat of Drum or € other wife, in their refpeftive Counties or Stewartries, or adjoining

*	Counties or Stewartries: And Whereas it is expedient to reftrift

*	the enlifting of Men from the Local Miiitia into any regular Militia,

*	except the regular Militia of the County or Stewartry to which 4 fuch Local Miiitia Men belong: May it therefore pleafe Your Ma-4 jefty, that it may be enafted f and be it enafted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Par- No Mania d* liament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That no Perfon Local Militia ballotted or enrolled to ferve, or ferving in the Local Miiitia, (hall fcail enlift into be enlifted or enrolled, or lhall be allowed to enlift into or to be the regular enrolled in the regular Militia of any other County or Stewartry than Mihtia^f any the County-or Stewartry for which the Local Militia Man (hall be th^fOT^chbfe enrolled and ferving, or any One of the Counties or Stewartries of i* enrolled* which any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of regular Militia (hall be compofed, if compofed of Men enrolled in more than One County or Stewartry $ any Thing in the faid recited Afts, or either of them, to the contrary notwithftanding.

LOCAL

 (^.ooQle

49? GEO. Ill,

A.D. l

$7$	C.i—ly.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED}

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

JV, B.—The Continuance of fuch of the following A3s as are temporary will he known (where it is not exprefsly fated) by referring to the following Lift, according to the correfponding Letter in the

(a) For 21 Tears, iffc. [i. e. to the End of the next Sejfion] from a Day named in the A3.

(h) For 21 Tears, &c, from the pajfjing of the Ad.

(r ) For 21 Tears) c. after the End of the Term underformer A3s. All A3s in this Lift, not dillinguijhed by the Letters (q.P.) are PubljckActs; to each of which is annexed a Claufe in the Form Following:

And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall be deemed “ and taken to be a Publick Aft, and (hall be judicially takea “ Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices, and others, without “ being fpecially pleaded.”

(q. P.) Quafi-Publick Afts, i. e. A3s to each of which is annexed a Claufe in the Form following :

“ And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall be printed «* by the Printer to the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, and a “ Copy thereof, fp printed, (hall be admitted as Evidence thereof " by all Judges, Juftices, and others.”

Cap. i.

6	Ann. c. s.pr. A N Aft for continuing the Term and Powers of feveral Afta 10 Ann. c. 14.	pa fled for repairing the Harbour and Quay of Watchett> in the

7G.1.C. 24.	County of Somerfet.	[22d February 1809. J

io G. 3. c. 24.	["Forforty Tears, & c.from the End of the Term under 10G. 3. r.24.3 .

Cap. ii.

44 G. 3. c,xb. An Act for amending an Aft of the Forty«fourth Year of His prefcnt Majefty, for regulating certain Filheries in the County of Cumberland, and other Places therein mentioned, fo far as refpefts the Fifhery in the River Derwent.	[13th	March	1S09.]

Cap. iii.

»6 G. 3, c. r,s. An Act for better enabling the Company of'Proprietors of the Aber-41G. 3.' c. i’.i. deenjhire Canal Navigation to raife the neceflary Fund to complete the lame.	[]	13th March 1809.]

Cap. iv.

An Act for more effeftually improving the Streets, Lanes, aid Pub~ , Tick Pafliages, in the Town of Cainjborough in the County of Lin*

coh%

 CjOOQle

A.D. 1809.	'	49bGEO.III.	CAv—xii.	571

coin, and for laying a Duty on Coals * brought to the faid Town *[«*d to be fold.	[ 13 March 1809. ]

[9 G. 3. c. 21. repealed in part.3

Cap. t,

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Rotherham to Swinton, in the Weft Riding of the County of York. (a)

[13 th March 1809.]

Cap. vi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His 6G. 3. c. 79. prefect Majefty, for repairing the Road from AJhbourn to Sudbury, 27 G. 3.«. 87. and from Sudbury to YoxallBridge, and from Hatton Moor loTutbury, in the Counties of Derby and Stafford, and for making Two new Branches of Road to communicate therewith, (r)

[13th Marchi$o$.'\

Cap. vii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His 33 G. 2.C.47. late andprefent Majefty, for repairing feveral Roads in the Coun- 21 *r’3,c* tiesof Derby, Leicejler, and Warwick. (c.)	[13th	March 1809 ]

Cap. viii.

An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parifli of Radcliffe, and the Townfhip of Ainfworth, in the Pariih of Middleton, in the County Palatine of Lancajler. (q. P.)	[13th	March 1809.]

Cap. ix.

An Act for inclofing Lands in the Townfhips of Workington and Wtnfcales, and Manor of Workington, in the Pariih of Workington, in the County of Cumberland, (q. P.)	[20th	March 1809.]

[.Allotment in Satisfatlion of Tithes. § 17, 18.]

Cap. x.

An Act for amending fo mqch of an Aft of the Forty-firft Year of 41 G.i.c. lir. His prefent Majefty, for builJmg and keeping in Repair the Pier at Sheernefs, in the Ifle of Sheppy, iu the County of Kent, and for other Purpofes therein-mentioned, as relates to the faid Pier.

[24th March 1809.3 [^Former Duties repealed\ and new Duties granted.J

Cap. x;.	•	,

An Act to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of an Aft of asG.3. c. 101 His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from the Townfhip of Saltney, in the County of Flint, to the Town of Flint, (r)

[24th March 1809.]

So much of former Aft as related to Statute Labour on the Road 4t repealed : and all Perfons by Law liable to Statute-work fhall be fi chargeable as heretofore.

Cap. xii.

An Act for making and maintaining ^ Road from Horjham to join the Turnpike Road leading to Guildford, with Two Branches therefrom, in the Counties of Suffex and Surrey. (a)	[24th	March	1809.3

 (^.ooQle

57*

C. xiii—xviii.

Y G. 3. C. 60.

*7 G. 3.c. 75. 22 G. 0. c. 113. 44G,3.c.xxxviii,

28 G. 3. tu 109-

13 G. 2. c. 9.

27 G. Q.c. 21. 26G. 3. c. 143.

43 G. 8. c.exl. 46 G. 3. c. xxxv. 48 G.3. c. ix.

49° GEO. in.	A.D. 1dop.

Cap. xiii.

An Act for inclofing Land* in the Parifhes of Boconock, Bruddock, and Saint lVinnow> in the County of Cornwall, (q. P.)

[24th March 1809.]

Cap. xiv.

An Act for more cffeftually repairing, improving, and keeping in Repair feveral Road3 in the Counties of Brecon, Radnor, and Glarmorgan, and for making and maintaining Two new-Branches of Road to communicate therewith, (a)	[30th	March 1809.]

Cap. xv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His p^efent Majefty, for repairing feveral Roads in the Counties of Carmarthen and Cardigan> fo far as relates to the Llandovery Diflrift and for amending certain other Roads communicating therewith, (c)

[28th April 1809.3

Cap. xvi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Afts of Hn late and prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road between Hockliffe in the County of Bedford and Stony Stratford in the County of Buckingham* (r)	[28th	April 1809.3

Cap. xvii.

An Act to enable the Brijlol Dock Company to borrow a further Sum of Money for completing the Improvements of the Port and Harbour of Brijlol.	[28th April 1809.3

[ Company empowered to raife 100,000 /. additional 3

Cap. xviii.

An Act for eflabiifhirrg and well-governing the Charitable Inftitution called The Society of Stewards and Suhfcrihers for maintaining and educating Poor Orphans of Clergymen until of Age to be put Apprentice ; and for incorporating fuch Society ; and for more effeftually#enablmg them to carry on their charitable and ufeful Dcfigns.

[28th April 1809.3

WHEREAS in the Year One thoufand feven hundred and forty-nine, a Charitable Society was formed for maintairing * and educating poor Orphans, of both Sexes, of Clergymen of the • Church of England, until of Age to be put Apprentice; and the * faid Society hath been fupported by the voluntary Subfcriptions and • Donations of charitable and well-difpoftd Perfons, and a very great * Number of fuch Orphans have been received into the refpeftive • Schools of the faid Charity, and maintained and educated by means € of the Funds belonging thereto ; and fuch Orphans have been in-1 ftrufted in the Doftrines of the Chriftian Religion as taught by € the eftablifhed Church, and in Reading, Writing and Arithmetic, * and the Girls alfo in Needlework and Houfehold Bufinefs, and 4 trained in Habits of Induftry and Regularity: And Whereas Ex* g perience hath (hewn that thd faid Charity hath been hitherto of « conftderable Advantage to the Publick, and it is apprehended, that 4 if countenanced and fupported by the Laws of this Realm, and 4 eftablifhed upon a permanent Footing, and vetted with Powers for

* better



A.D. 1809.	49*	GEO.	III.	C.	xvlii.	jf7J

*	better enabling the Subfcrrbers thereto to cany into Execution

*	their charitable and ufeful Defigna, the faid Chancy would be of 4 much more extenllve Ufe, and of Hill greater Benefit and Advantage

*	to the Publick: And Whereas the Purpofea aforefaid cannot be

*	effected without the Authority of Parliament May it therefore pleafe Your mod Excellent Majefty that it may be ena&ed ; and be it enacted by the King’s moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Ad* vice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this prefent Parliament affembhd, and by the Authority of the

fame. That from and afttr the pafiing of this Ad, there be and (hall Corporation

be a Corporation to continue for ever, for clothing, maintaining, and ereded for

ed'uaating poor Orphans Qf Clergymen until of Age to be put Ap- clothing, main-

prentice ; and that H19 Royal Highnefs Frederick Duke of York wining awl

Knight of the Moft Noble Order of the Garter, His Highnefs «^uc*tin6P0*

William Frederick Duke of Gloucejler Knight of the ;Moft Noble clergy®^.

Order of the Garter; the Moft Reverend his Grace Charles Lord

Arcbbifhop of Canterbury, the Right Honourable John Lord Eldon

Lord High Chancellor, the Honourable and Moft Reverend his

Grace Edward Venables Lord Archifhop of York> [&c. &c.J to*

getber with-any Perfon or Perfons who hath or have paid, at one

Time, or in the Courfe of any one Year for the Ufe of the faid

Society, the Snm of Twenty-one Pounds or more, or at any Time

hereafter {hall pay into the Hands of the Treafurer of the faid Society

for the Time beiBg the Sum of Twenty-one Pounds, or fuch other

Sum as the General Court herein-after mentioned of the faid Society -

fhall from Time to Time appoint or preferibe as a Life Governor’s

Subfcription, or more, at one Time, or in the Courfe of anyone Year*

for the Ufe of the faid Society, provided the fame be accepted by

the Committee herein-after mentioned for the time being of the faid

Society, {hall be and are hereby appointed Governors of the faid

Society ; and alfo every Perfon who hath paid, or at any Time here*

after {hall pay into the Hands of fuch Treafurer the Yearly Sum

©f One Guinea, or fuch other Sum as the faid General Court fhall

from Time to Time appoint or preferibe as an Annual Governor’s

Subfcription, or more, for the Ufe of the faid Society, provided the

fame be accepted by the fa»d Committee as aforefaid, fhall, during fuch

Time as they fhall refpe& vely continue to pay the fame, and alfo

every Perfon who fhall be appointed by any General Court of the

Governors of the faid Society, fhall be refpeclively Governors of the

fa«d Society; and the faid Governors, and the Prefident, Vice-Prefident,

Treafurer, and Secretary of the faid Corporation for the Time being fhall be and they are hereby declared and adjudged to be One Body Corporate and Politick in Deed and in Law, by the Name of ‘ The ^ ut»l0n £

*	Governors of the Society for clothing, maintaining, and educating

*	poor Orphans of Clergymen of the Eftablifhed Church, in that Corporate.

4 Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain called England, until

4 of Age to be put Apprentice and that by the fame Name they fhall have perpetual Succeffion, and a Common Seal, with Power Common Seal, to change, alter, break, aud make new the fame, when and as often as they (hall judge the fame to be expedient 5 and that they and their Power to fue. Succeffors, by the fame Name, may fue and be fued, implead and be impleaded, anfwer and be anfwered unto, in all or any Court or Courts of Record and Places of Judicature within tbis Kingdom ; and tha>£ they and their Succeffors, by the Name aforefaid, fhjll be 4	able

 t^ooQle

Power t» purckafe, &c. Land.

Prefident.

Vice-Prefident.

Trealurer.

Seqrctary.

Committee.

General Court.

Annual

General Covit.

Ele&ion of Officers.

C. zviil;	49*	GEO*	I1L	A.D‘	i5oJU

able and capable in Law to have, hold, receive, enjoy, poffcfa and retain, for the Ends and Purpofes of this Ad, and in Truftand for the Benefit of the faid Society, all fuch Sum and Sums of Money as have been paid, given, devifed, or bequeathed, or (hall at any Time or Times hereafter be paid, given, devifed or bequeathed by any charitable or Well-difpofed Perfon or Perfons, to and for the charitable Ends and Purpofes id this Ad mentioned ; and that they and their Succefibrs by the Name aforefaid, (hall and may at any Time hereafter* without Licence in Mortmain, purchafe, take or receive, hold and enjoy any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Eftate or Intereft arifing or derived out of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments for the Purpofes of the faid Charity.

II. And be it further enaded. That the {aid Beilby Lord Bifhop of London (hall be and he is hereby appointed Prefident of the faid Corporation; and that the faid Clement Samuel Strong Efquire (hall be and he is hereby appointed the Vice-Prefidcnkof the faid Corporation ; and that the faid James; Bujh Efquire (hall be and he is hereby appointed Treafurer of the faid Corporation ; . and that the (aid Reverend Edward Embry (hall be and he is hereby appointed Secretary of the faid Corporation ; and that the Moft Reverend his Grace Charles Lord Archbifhop of Canterbury, [&c. &c.]| together with the Prefident, Vice*Prefident, Treafurer, and Secretary of the faid Corporation for the Time being, (hall be and they are hereby appointed a Committee for tranfa£ting and managing the Affairs of the faid Corporation, any Five of whom fhall be a Quorum ; and the faid Prefident, Vice-Prefident, Treafurer, Secretary, and Committee, (hall continue until the laft Tue/day in the Month of February One thou.-fand eight hundred and Ten and no longer, uolefs they (hall berefpec-tively re- ele&ed to the faid refpe&ive Offices; and the faid Prefident, or in his Abfence the Vice-Prdident, or the Treafurer or the Secretary, with any Seven or more of the other Members of the faid Corporation, (hall compofe a General Court, and the firft General Court (hall be holden on the laft Tue/day in the Montn of May next, at fuch Houfe or Place as the faid Committee (hall appoint ; and a General Court of the Members of the faid Corpoiation fhall be holden Four Times at the leaft in every Year; that is to fay, in the Months of February, May, Augujl, and November in every Year, and Notice of each fuch General Courts (hall be given in one or more of the publick Newfpapers publifhed in the Cities of London and Wejlminjler Six Days at the leaft before the Time fo to be appointed for the holding of every fuch Court; and whenever Occafion (hall require, a fpecial General Court (hall be holden by Order of the Committee, or the major Part of them prefent at any of their Monthly or other Meetings, upon the like Notice of fuch Special General Court being given Six Days at the leaft before the Time fo to be appointed for the holding of the fame ; and at the General Court which (hall be holden in the Month of February in each and every Year, a Prefident, Vice-Prefident, Treafurer, Secretary, and Committee (confiding of Twenty of the Governors of the faid Corporation) (hail be ele&ed for the enfuing Year ; and the Prefident, Vice-Prefident, Treafurer, and Secretary of the faid Corporation for the Time being, fhall be Members of the faid Committee, over and above fuch Twenty Governors fo to be ele£ted ; and they the faid Prefident, Vice-Prefident, Treafurer, and Secretary, or one of them, (hall be prefent at every

7	Com-



A.D.1809.	49° GEO. lit	C.xriih

Committee a&ing under and by virtue of the Authority of this A& i and the Governors of the laid Corporation affembled at any General Court as aforefaid, or the major Part of them fo aficmbled, fuch Number of Governors fo to be affembled being not lefs than Seven ef fuch Governors (hall and may delegate fuch Powers and Authority to the faid Committee as they (hall think neceffary for the more fpeedy, eafy, and effe&uai Execution of this Ad; and that fuch Governor* (hall have full Power and Authority in the Name of the faid Cor* po rati on, and on their Account to apply and difpofe of the Monies and Fund9 already given, and which (hall from Time to Time be contributed and given by any Perfon or Pcrfons on account of the faid Corporation, and ail othtr Monies and Funds belonging or to belong to the faid Corporation, to and for the Purpofes aforefaid, and to, for, and on any other Purpofe, Way, Matter or Thing relating to the faid Corporation, ahd for the Benefit thereof, at their Difcretion, and with and under their Common Seal, to enter into any Covenants and Contra&s for the Purpofes aforefaid, or for any other Purpofe or Purpofes for the better effe&ing and carrying on of the charitable Ufes and Defigns aforefaid, and to do, manage, tranfaft, and determine all fuch other Matters and Things as (hall to them or any Seven or more1 of them at any fuch Court, appear to be neceffary, convenient, or proper for the effe&ing and carrying on of the good Purpofes aforefaid ; and it (hall be lawful for the Governors of the faid Corporation in a General Court affembled, or the major Part of them fo affembled, but not lefs than Seven fuch Governors, to order *nd difpofe of the Cullody of the faid Common Seal, and the Ufe and Application thereof, and to make, ordain, and conftitute fuch and fo many Bye Laws, Conftitutions, and Ordinances as to them, or the greateft Number of them then and there prefent, fuch Number of Governors fo to be affembled being not lefs than Seven fuch Governors, (hail feem nectffary and convenient, touching or in any wife concerning the Affairs and Bufinefs, and the better governing, regulating, ordering and managing of the faid Corporation, and of the Officers, Servants, and Perfons employed in and about the Affairs thereof, and of the Perfons applying to be admitted therein, and for the auditing of the Accounts of the faid Corporation ; and the fame Bye-Laws, Conftitutions and Ordinances fo made to put in ufe and enforce accordingly; and at their Will and Pieafure from Time to Time to revoke, change, and alter the fame, or any Part of them ; which faid Bye-Laws, Conftitutions, and Ordinances, which (hall be fo made* changed and altered, as aforefaid, (hall be duly kept and obferved, provided that the fame be not contrary or repugnant to the Statutes, Cuftom?, or Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England : Provided neverthelcfs, that no fuch Bye-Law, Conilitution, or Ordinance (hall be binding or have any Force or Effe& until the fame (hall have been agreed to and confirmed by the next fucceeding General Court, whether Quarterly or Extraordinary; andthat the fame Courfe fhall be obferved in altering or repealing any fuch Bye-Laws* Conftitutions, or Ordinances.

III. And be it further ena&ed, That all and every Perfon and Perfons in whofe Name or Names any Sum or Sums of Money, Stocks, Funds, Annuities, Mortgages, Securities for Money or other EfFe&s whatfoever (hall at the Time of paffing this A£t ftan.l or be ft cured, the beneficial Intereft wherein refps&ively (hall belong t > the faid

Society

hi

Power of Committee te meet.

Power for General Court to contract, §tc.r

Bye-Laws.

Power to alter Bye Laws.

Prefent Troftees ftiall transfer their Fuuds to » the Corporation.



S7#

C.xviii.

49* GEO. III.

A.D.i809.

Iteafurcr (hall

Society hereby incorporated, (hall forthwith, after the pading of this Aft, transfer and affign the fame refoeftively fo and in fuch Manner as that the fame (hall be veiled in the Corporation by the Name, Style, and Title hercin-before mentioned and enafted ; and that the Treafurer

Pbwer to Committee and Treafurer to fcvefL

aeceive, &e. fc»r the Time being (hall receive all Rents, Iflues and Profits, Dividends, > j^^Intereft and Produce of Stocks, Funds, Annuities, Mortgages and other Securities for Money, belonging to the faid Corporation, and all Subfcriptions, Donations, Benefaftions and Legacies paid, given, or bequeathed thereto, as the (ame or anv of them (hall from Time to Time become due and payable, in the Name and for and on behalf of the faid Corporation ; and that the Receipt of the faid Treafurer for the Time being, the fame being firft duly (lamped and given by him as for and in the Name of the faid Corporation, (hail be a fufficient Difcharge for the fame refpcctiv ely.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Treafurer for the Time being of the faid Corporation, and he is hereby authorized and required from Time to Time, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Committee thereof for the Time being, or the major Part of fuch Committee prefent at any of their Meetings, to lay out and inveft ali or any fuch Sum or Snms of Money as have or hath been given, deviled or bequeathed, or (hall at any Time or Times hereafter be paid, given, devifed or bequeathed by any charitable or well-difpofi d Perfon or Pcrfons, to and for the charitable Ends, Intents, and Purpofes in this Aft mentioned, or any Part thereof, in any of the Publick Funds, in the Name of the faid Corporation, other than and except fuch and fo much thereof as (hall be requifite for immediate Exigencies and Expenditures.

V.	And be it further enafted and delared, That the Rents, Iflues and Profits, Dividends, Intereft and Annual Proceeds, which (hall from^Tijne to Time arife from the Funds and Securities belonging or which (hall at any Time belong to the faid Corporation, (hall from Time to Time be applied to and for the Ufes, Ends, Intents, and Purpofes in this Aft mentioned, and to or for no other Ufe, Intent, or Purpofe whatfoever.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That in cafe of the Death or Refignation of the Prefident or of the Vice-Prefidcnt, or Treafurer or Secretary of the faid Corporation, for the Time being, it (hall be lawful for the Governors of the faid Corporation, at any General Court, or the major Part of them then and there prefent, fuch General Court to confift of not lefs than Seven fuch Governors, t<J nominate and appoint a Prefident, Vice-Prefident, Treafurer, or Secretary,in the Room cf the Prefident, Vice-Prefident, Treafurer or Secretary, fo deceafed or having refigned.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That all Queftions upon the Proceedings of the faid Corporation at any General Court or Committee (hall be decided by Vote ; and in cafe of an Equality of Voices, the Prefident or Chairman (hall have, in addition to his own Vote, the cafling Vote.

VIII.	And be it further enafted. That the Governors of the faid Corporation at a General Court, or the major Part of them prefent at fuch General Court, but fuch General Court to confiil of not lefs than Seven fuch Governors, (hall have Power from Time to Time and at all Times to fill up any Vacancy or Vacancies in the Committee; and it (hall aud may be lawiul to and for the faid Committee, fotobe

appointed.

Application of die Dividend, Xce.

Death or Removal of Officers to appoint others.

Queftlons to be decided Vy

Vote.

Vacancies in Conyniuee.

Schoolmate; tad Miflrefe, aud Menial

 C^ooQle

A.D. 1809*	49°	GEO.	III.	C.xvlii.	57?

appointed, or any Five or more of them, at any Monthly or other Meeting, from Time to Time and all Times to appoint fuch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall think fit to be Schoolmafter and Schoolmiftref6, and Menial Servants to the faid Corporation, and from Time to Time to fufpend or remove them refptdtively, and appoint others in cafe of Death or fuch Sufpenfiou or Removal ; and may out of the Monies to be received under and by virtue of and for the Purpofe3 of this A&, make fuch Allowances to all Officers, Servants, and other Perfons fo to be appointed a3 to them (hall appear reafonable and proper ; and all and every fuch Officers, Matter and Mittrefs, Servants, and other Perfons of every Defcripkon, (hall from Time to Time (when thereunto required by the faid Committee or any Five or more of them) Officers and make and render to the faid Committee or any Five or more of them, Servants(haK a true, exa&, and perfect Account in Writing under their refpe&ive aCC0lliat*

Hand*, of all Furniture, Goods, and Chattels belonging to the faid Corporation, which (hail from Time toTime be in their Ufe or Cuftody, and of all Monies which he, (he, or they and every of them refpec-tively (hall to that Time have received, paid, and difburfed by virtue of this A&, or by reafon of their refpe&ive Offices and Services; and in cafe any Money fo received (hall remain in their or any of their Hands, the fame (hall be paid to the faid Committee or any Five or more of them, or^to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall appoint to receive the fame ; and in cafe any fuch Officer or other Perfon (hall Power to npt make and render, or (hall refufe to verify any fuch Accounts, or JuAu*5810 to make any fuch Payment as aforefaid, and to deliver up all Good9,

Books, Papers, and other Things in his or her Care or Cuftody, then * * any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for fuch County as any One of the Schools of the faid Corporation (hall for the Time being be fituated in, (hall and may, upon Complaint to them, make Enquiry of and concerning fuch Default in a fummaryWay (as well by Confeffion of the Parties ttiemfelves as by the Teftimony of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes upon Oath or Affirmation, which Oath or Affirmation the faid Juftices are hereby empowered and required td adminifter), and fuch Juftices (hall be empowered, if they fhall judge fit* to commit the Party or Parties fo offending as aforefaid to tbe Common Gaol of fuch County as the faid School (hall for the Time being be fituated in, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until, he,

(he or they (hall have made a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforefaid, or until he, (he or they (hall have compounded and agreed with the faid Committee or any Five or more of them, and have paid fuch Compolition Money, which Compofition the faid Committee or any Five or more of them are hereby empowered to make t Provided always, that no Perfon or Perfons, who (hail be committed as aforefaid, (hall be detained in Prifon for a longer Space of Time than Si* Calendar Months.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That at the Appointment of General Annual Court to be holden in every Year, by virtue of this Auditon. A&,the Governors of the faid Corporation then prefent (hall tied and appoint Twenty-two of the Governors of the faid Corporation, not being Members of the Committee for the Time being, to be Auditors of the Accounts of the faid Corporation, and that fuch Auditors or any Five or more of them (hail at leaft One Week previous to the General Annual Court to be holden by virtue of this Act, or oftener .	49 Geo. III.	Pp	if

SP*.

Treafurer ftiall ]>ay all Monies 1 the fucceeding Treafurer, &c.

Falfe

(^eruEcalw.

Limitation of Actions.

12 Months.

Treble C^Af.

Publick Ad.

C. xviil.	490	GEO.	IIL	A.D. 1809#

if they (hall fee Occafion, meet and audit, examine and pafs the Accounts and Vouchers of the Treafurer for the Time being ; at which Meeting of Auditors to the faid Corporation, the Prefident, the Vice-Prefident, the Treafurer, and the Secretary, for the Time being, any or either of them, (hall have Liberty to be prefent.

X, Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Treafurer to the faid Corporation for the Time being fhail pay over all the Monies remaining in his Hands, and transfer all or any Funds which may at any Time be {landing in his Name as Treafurer as aforefaid, to the Treafurer immediately fucceeding him, on Demand by fuch fucceeding Treafurer, with the Authority of the faid Committee or any Five or more of them, or of the General Court at which fuch fucceeding Treafurer {hall be eleded or appointed, and fhail deliver over to fuch fucceeding Treafurer all Books of Account, Muriments, Deeds, Vouchers, Securities, and Papers belonging to the faid Corporation.

. XI. And be it further enabled, That if any Statement or Matter contained in any Certificate or Declaration, which the Committee of the faid Corporation for the Time being, or any Five or more of them prefent at any of their Monthly of other Meetings, fhail or may be required to be made and fubferibed, previous to and for the Purpofe of the Ad million of any Orphan into any School of the faid Corporation, according to the Rules of the faid Corporation, {hall be found to be falfe or untrue, that then the Admiffion of every Orphan under fuch falfe Certificate or Declaration fhail be and is hereby declared to be void, and the Orphan fo admitted fhail be returned to his or her Mother or Friends, unlefs the Governors of the faid Corporation at any General Court fhail think fit to continue the faid Orphan or Orphans in the faid Charity.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Adion fhail be brought or Suit commenced againft any Perfon or Pedfons for any Thing done in purfuance of this Ad, or in relation to the Premifes or any of them, every fuch Adion or Suit {hall be laid or brought within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Fad fhail be committed, and fhail be laid or brought in the County of Middlefex or the City of London and not elfewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adion or Suit may plead the General Iflue, and give this Ad and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had there-upon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Ad; and if the fame fhail appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch Adion or Suit fhail not be brought within the Time before limited, or {hall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforefaid, then the Jury (hall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhail become nonfuited, or fuffer a Difcontinuacce of his, her, or their Adion or Adions, Suit or Suits, or if a Verdid fhail pafs againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgment fhail be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants (ball have Treble Cofts, and fhail have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Cofts in other Cafes by Law.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad fhail be deemed and taken to be a Publick Ad, and fhail be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by ail Judges, Juitices and others, without being fpeciaUy pleaded.

Cap.



A.D. 1809,

C. xlx, xx*

579

490 GEO. III.

Cap. xix.

An Ad For enlarging the Term and Powers of feveral Ads of His 14p'2‘ c'19, late and prefeat Majefty, for repairing the Road from Wakefield to ^ r* ?*	5t*

Halifax, in the Weil Riding of the County of Tork. (a) •

[28th April 1809.]

Cap. xx.

An Ad to alter and amend an Ad of the Parliament of IrelandpafTed in the Thirty-third Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An A3 refpe3itig the Colle3ion of publick Money to be levied in the County of the City ©/’Dublin by Preferment \ and for the better Regulation of the Mode of E'cdion and Office of Treafurer of the publick Money of the City of Dublin.	[28th	April	1809.]

« "ITTHEREAS by an A& made in the Thirty-third Year of the

*	VV Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An A3 rcfpcBing A&) *

*	the Colle3ion of Publick Money to be levied in the County of the City applied to thi#

*	of Dublin by Prefcntment: And Whereas certain Powers and Autho- Ad.

*	rities were given to the Grand Juries for the County of the City of

*	Dublin for making Preferments of Money for publick Services, and

*	for regulating thrir feveral Offices: And Whereas the Provifions of

*	the faid recited Ad have b:en found infufficient for the Purpofes

*	thereby intended, and it is neceflary that the fame ffiould be altered*

*	enlarged and amended, and further and better Provifion made for

*	thofe Purpofes: May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, that it may

*	be enaded/ and be it enaded by the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Ad, and all and every the Claufes, Powers, Authorities, Provifions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained, (fave and except fuch Parts thereof as are altered, varied, or repealed,) fhall be, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be as good, valid, and effedual for carrying this Ad into Execution, as if the fame had been repeated and re-enaded in the Body of this prefent Ad.

“ Ads of the Treafurer of the County of the City of Dublin, eleded “ under Irifh Ad 13 & 14 G. 3. c. 18. declared valid, and his Eledion “ confirmed. § 2.

III.	And be it further enaded, That whenever the Treafurerfhip Eie&ionsf a of the faid County of the City of Dublin fhall be vacant either by Treafurer u* the Death, Refignation, or Removal, or Difmiffion of the prefent fcuure. or any future Treafurer, the Lord Mayor of the faid City for the Time being (hall, within Twenty-one Days after fuch Vacancy, convene the Board of Magiftrates of the County of the faid City of Dublin, to meet at the Scffions Court in the faid City between the Hours of Twelve irr the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, and then and there, by the Majority of Votes of fuch Magiftrates as fhall be prefent, (notwithftanding any Want of Qualification mentioned in the faid recited Ad made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty,) (hall proceed to eled a fit and fufficient Perfon to be Treafurer of the faid City of Dublin; and at fuch Meeting the faid Lord Mayor, or in his Abfence the fenior Magiftratc prefent, (hall prefide as Chairman, and fhall take the Votes of the other Magiftrates, and fhall not himfelf give his Vote except in

Pp 2	cafe

Tr eafurtT ftitH «ater into Recognizance witli Surelie*.

' i

.Ek&ion>of IWftfrer fha.ll be void/iunlefs Sureties make the Affidavit required.

cafe of Equality of Voices: Provided always, that no Magiftrate (hall be allowed to vote in aDy fuch Eledion who (hall be a Candidate for fuch Treafurerfhip : And provided always, that no Pcrfon who (hall at any Time hereafter be eleded Treafurcr of the County of the faid City of Dublin (hall be capable of ferving in the faid Office, unlefs he (hail, immediately after his Eledion, in open Court, enter into a Recognisance, before the Chairman of the Meeting at which he (hall have been fo eleded Treafurer, and any other Magiftrate prefent at fuch Eledion, (which Recognizance fuch Chairman and Magiftrate (hail, and they are hereby empowered and required to take,) in the Sum of Five thouland Pounds, and fhall procure Two or more fufficient Securities at the fame Time, to enter into a Recognizance each in a Sum equal to One Half of the Sum in which fuch Treafurer fhall bind him-felf; the Condition of which Recognizance (hall be, “ that fuch Treafurer (hall juftly and truly account in Manner and Form, and at the Times by this Ad or the faid recited Ad of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty required, or to be required by any Law in force and effed, and that he (hall at all Times juftly and truly pay and account for all Money which he (hall have received aat Treafurer, and that he (hall duly and faithfully difeharge the Duties of his faid Office in every Refped ; and that he, his Heirs, Executors, and Adminiftrators, (hall and will, upon his Death, Removal, Dif-miffal, or Resignation, deliver to his SucoefTor fuch Balance of Money as (hall appear to be in his Hands, or (hall be due by him, and all Books, Papers, Affidavits, and Accounts depofited with him, or kept by him as Treafurer of the County of the faid City of Dublin

IV.	And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid, That in cafe each of fuch Securities at the Foot of fuch Recognizance (hall not prove to the Satisfadion of fuch Chairman and Magiftrate, and make Affidavit thereof before fuch Chairman and Magiftrate, (who are hereby empowered to take the fame,) that he is really and bondJidc worth the Sum mentioned in his faid Recognizance, over and above all his juft Debts, and exclufive of any Property of which he is Tenant for Life only, then, and in every fuch Cafe, fuch Eledion (hall be null and void, and the Magiftrates for the County of the faid City of Dublin (hall on the next Day, and at the fame Piace, and between the fame Hours, proceed in like Manner to eled a proper and fufficient Perfon to be Treafurer, and in cafe at any Meeting for the Eledion of a Treafurer, no* fufficient Perfon flipuld offer himfelf to be chofen, or in cafe the Perfon fo chofen (hould not comply and perform all and fingular the Requifites herein direded, to be performed on the Part of fuch Perfon, then the faid Magiftrates (hall attend on the Monday next enfuing the Time hereby direded for holding fuch Eledion, and in cafe no Treafurer (hall be chofen at fuch Aflembly, then on the Monday following, andfo on upon every fucceffive Monday until a Treafurer (hall be eieded, who (hall be capable of fervipg in the faid Office, and perform the Requifites aforefaid; and every Re*, cognizance taken as aforefaid fhall be delivered by the Chairman to the Clerk of the Peace, who is required to attend every fuch Affemblyi, and fuch Recognizance (hall be by him depofited and duly entered in His Majefty*s Court of Exchequer, as.fooo after as he conveniently can enter the fame: And in order the more effedually to oblige every Treafurer, during his Continuance in Office, to keep up a gqqd and, fufficient. Security, be it further caa&ed by the Authority aforefaid,v



Google

A.D.i8o9«	49*	GEO.	III.	C. xx.

That the Judges of the Court of King’s Bench (hall and may, if re<-quired by the Grand Jury, or if the faid Court {hall otherwife find lufficient Caufe, examine the Treafurer, or any other Perfon or Persons in open Court upon Oath, touching the Exigence and Property of hia Sureties, or touching any Aft relative to his faid Office of Treafurer, and if the faid Court (hall find any Reafon to apprehend that cither or both of his Sureties are dead or infufficient, then, and in every fuch Cafe, the faid Court (hall and is hereby required to caufe fuch Treafurer to procure another Surety or Sureties in his or their Room, and if fuch Treafurer (hall refufe to be examined, or to anfwejr upon Oath, or ro procure another Surety or Sureties, who fhall enter into Recognizance, and make the Affidavit by this A£t required, or on any other fufficient Caufe appearing to the faid Court, then, and in any of the Cafes aforefaid, the faid Court (hall, and is hereby required to difmifs the faid Treafurer from his Office, and to caufe fuch Difmiffion to be entered in the Crown Book, and likewife in the Book of E itry of the Treifurer’s Accounts, to be kept by the Clerk of the Crown ; and another Treafurer {hall thereupon be elected by the Ma-giftrates of the faid County of the City of Dublin in Manner aforefaid, and fuch Treafurer (hall be fubjeft to the like Rules, Regulations. Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the Treafurer in whofe Room or Stead he (hall be fo elefted, and fo toties quoties whenever fuch Office or Treafurt-r for the County of the faid Cuy of Dublin (hall become va cant.

44 Perfons (hall be reimbursed Monies expended by them in executing 44 any Prefentment before the Bankruptcy of the late Treafurer. § j. 44 Every Prefentment before the late Treafurer ftopt Payment, and 44 not in Execution, (hall be (truck out of the Quere Book. § 6.

VII.	* And Whereas it is necefiary to commence Suits for the 4 Recovery of the Publick Money in the Name or Names of the Trea-4 furer or Collectors of the faid City, or in the Names of other 4 PerfonsBe it therefore enaCtcd by the Authority aforefaid, That in cafe any fuch Suit or Suits, A&ion or A&ions (hall have been commenced, or (hall hereafter be commenced, profecuted, or defended by the Order and Directions of any Grand Jury for the County of the faid City of Dublin, under the Powers in this or any Law or Statute io Force or EffeCt, it (hall and may be lawful for the feveral Grand Juries of the faid County of the faid City, at Eajler or Michaelmas Term, to prefent fuch Cofts as (hall be awarded againft them, or any, or either of them, in whofe Name or Names any fuch Suit or Suits* ACfion or Actions (hall be commenced, profecuted, or defended, and their and each of their refptCtive Goods, Chattels, Lands, Tenements* and Hereditaments fhall not be liable thereto, but they and each of them (hall for ever be freed, exonerated and difeharged from the fame* and that it (hall not be lawful for them, or any of them, his or their Executors, Adminiftrators, or Affigns, to difeontinue, releafe* or bar any ACtion or Suit fo commenced, or hereafter to be commenced in their or his Name or Names for the Purpofes aforefaid, without the Concurrence, Order, and Dire&ion of the faid Grand Juries.

VIII.	4 And Whereas the Sums now by Law prefented for the * Treafurer of the publick Money, and Secretary to the Grand Juries* 4 are very inadequate to the Duties of the faid Officers f Be it there-

P p 3	fore

The Judges of

the Court of King’s Bench Ihali examine Treafurer ( concerning hi« Accounts,

Grand Jurie# empowered to prefent Cofts of A&ions profecuted by thek Orders.



582

Grand Juries empowered to prefent Allowances for Treafurer and Secretary.

Town Clerk Jhall lodge Recognizance* of Col left or s in the Prothonotor’s Office.

Churchwarden* lhall re-applot Arrears ol former V7aiTan<s, and attend the Term Grand Juries upon Notice, &c.

Colle&ors {hall pay Monies cohered by

C. xx.	490	GEO.	III.	A.p,	1809.

fore ena&ed, by the Authority aforefaid, That it /hall and may be lawful for the Grand Juries of the faid City of Dublin at each Eajler and Michaelmas Term to prefent any Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds for the Treafurer, and any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Seventy five Pounds for the Secretary, which Sums (hall be in lieu of the Sums heretofore prefented under the Authority of the faid recited Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of Hi3 prefent Majefty for the Treafurer and Secretary.

IX.	* And Whereas it would tend to facilitate the Recovery from

*	the Collectors and their Securities ©f the Publick Money received 4 by fuch Collectors, and unaccounted for by them, if the Recogni-

*	zances which are entered into by them and lodged in the Town 4 Clerk's Office of the faid City, were returned into His Majefty's 4 Court of King's Bench, by a more fummary Mode than that at pre-4 fent ufed Be it therefore ena&rd, by the Authority aforefaid, That whenever it may be found neceflary to fue upon any fuch Recognizance, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Town Clerk of the faid City, and he is hereby required, upon Notice given to him for that Purpofe by the Secretary of the Term Grand Jury for the Time being, forthwith to lodge fuch Recognizance or Recognizances in the Office of the Prothonotor in His Majefty's Court of King's Bench, who is hereby directed to receive and keep the fame amongft the Records of the faid Court, and it /hall not be neceflary to iflue any Certiorari or other Writ for the Purpofe of removing fuch Recognizances, and that immediately upon fuch Removal the faid Secretary of the Grand Jury /hall proceed to fue thtreon, as if the fame had been duly retained by virtue of any Certiorari or other Writ whatfoever,

X.	4 And Whereas a great Difficulty has arifen in providing for 4 the Publick Creditors, by reafon of the refpe&ive Churchwardens 4 refufing to re-applot the infolvent uncoile&ed Arrears of former 4 Warrants;' Beit therefore ena£ted, by the Authority aforefaid, That it /hail and may be lawful for the fcveral Churchwardens in the refb-'ftive Parithes in the County of the faid City of Dublin, and they are hereby required to re-applot fuch infolvent uncollected Ariears of former Warrants, and alfo to attend the refpedive Term Grand Juries upon receiving Twenty-four Hours' Notice in Writing, to be delivered to him or them, or left at his or their laft or ufual Place or Places of Abode, io to do, in order to be examined by fuch refpe&ive Grand Juries, touching the applotting of the Publick Money, and that in default of their not fo re-applotting or attending the faid refpe&ive Grand Juries when fo required, upon Affidavit thereof it (hall and may be lawful for the Court of King's Bench, upon Application of the faid refpedtive Grand Juries, to tine every fuch Churchwarden fo offending in any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, fuch Fine to be recovered by Warrant of Diftrefe, ligned by any Judge of the faid Court of King's Bench, and by Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Churchwarden or Churchwardens, and fuch Fine, when recovered, /hall go to, and be applied by the Governors of the Hofpital and Free School of King Charles the Second, in Oxniantown Green, commonly called the Blue Coat Hofpital.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed, by the Authority aforefaid. That the ftveral Collectors preleated and appointed by the refpe&ive

Grand



Google

A.D.i8c9«	49e	GEO.	III.	C.xt:	585

Grand Juries, to collcdl the Ptiblick Money of the County of the them weekly

laid City of Dublin, (hall on Saturday in each and every Week between frc*furer*

the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon, and Two in the Afternoon, pay

to the Trcafurer of the Publick Money fuch Sum as each and every of

them (hall have colledlcd during the fiid Week, taking a Receipt in

Writing for the fame, which the Treafurer of the Publick Money is

hereby required to give to each fuch Collector, for fuch Sums as he

(hall fo pay in ; and that on or before the Monday next foliowing, the

Treafurer of the Pub’ick M uiey (hall pay into the Bank of Ireland\

to the Credit of the County of the faitl City of Dub(in, all fuch

Sums as he (hall have received from the feveral Colledlors during the

preceding Week, taking a Receipt in Writing for the fame, which

the proper Officer of the faid Bank is hereby required to give ; and

each and every fuch Colledlor (hall on each Saturday make Oath before

the Lord Mayor, or any Jnftice of the Peace of the faid City of

Dublin, (which Oath they are hereby authorifed to adminifter,) that

the Monies fo paid by him to the Treafurer of the Publick Money*

were the full Amount of the Monies received by him during that

Week, and in cafe any Colledlor (hall omit or refufe to comply

herewith, and to pay in the Money as diredLd by this Adi, then and

in every fuch Cafe he or his Securities (hall for every fuch Offence

forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered in a fum-

marv Way on Complaint to the Court of King’s Bench, and levied

by Warrant of Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch

Colle&or as aforefaid, and go to and be applied to the Ufe of the

Blue-Coat Hofpital, as herein*before mentioned, and every fuel*

Colledlor fo offending (hall alfo be removed from his faid Office of Colledlor.	*

XII.	And be it further enadled by the Authority aforefaid, That Treafurer on the the faid Treafurer of the Publick Money (hall on the firft fitting Day Jjf1*

of each Term, make Oath before one of the Judges of the Court of.	m	*

King’s B-nch, that he did on or before the Monday pay into the Bank payments into of Ireland the feveral Sums which he received each Week from the faid the Bank, ftveral Colledlors as diredled by this Adi.

XIII.	4 And Whereas it would tend much to the Regularity of.

*	the Publick Acounts if the Drafts on the Bank of Ireland (hould

*	be made payable to Order, inftead of being made payable to Bearer,	'	>

*	in Manner diredled by an Adi made in the Forty-feventh Year of the 4 Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled. An Ad for improving and

4.	rendering more commodious fuch Part of the County and County of the 4 City of Dublin as is fituate on the South Side of the River Anna Liffey,,

4 and IVefl of His Majejly*s Cajlle of Dublin, and for the Appointment of 4 an Infpedor of the Prefentments and other Accounts of the County of 4 the City of Dublin ;’ Be it therefore enadled by the Authority aforefaid. That the Form of the Drafts as diredled by the faid recited . Form of Drafts Adi of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, under recited \A and alfo by the faid recited Adi made in the Forty-feventh Year of.33 ^ c**?• the Reign of His prefent Majefty, (hall be altered, and inftea^ thereef)^"^ 2 the Inlpe&or of Publick Accounts (hall, on the la.it Day of each >c i^jv. altered. Term, as diredled by the faid recited Adi of the Forty-feventh Year >and made

of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, produce to the Grand Jury- toOrdt*.

engraven Drafts in the Form following, payable to the Pcrfons who .

fwore to the Expenditure of the Money, and whole Accounts were	,

P p 4	allowed,

Font

C.xx.

49

GEO. III.

A.D.1809,

Grand Jury may prefent Sums for Medicine, &c. irfed in the

Frifew.

Apothecary's Account may be laid before Dire&ors of Apothecaries' Mill.

G and Jury fha’l prefent C >mpeiifation to Apothecary,

Grand Jpries

ft all prefafet Monies for laquefls of Coroners.

allowed, or to whom Money was prefented to be paid, and which was allowed by the Court:

•* To the Governors and Company of the Bank of Ireland, j u Pay to	or	Order,	the	Sum	of

“ which place to the Account of the County of the City of Dublin. “ ——. — .	Foreman	of	Term,	180

---------------- Infpc&or	of	City Accounts.

u-----------------Treafurer	P.	M.	County	City of Dublin

#ny Thing in the faid recited Ads or either of them to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding. '

XIV.	‘And Whereas the Sum which the Grand Jury of the

*	County of the City of of Dublin is now enabled to prefent forMedi-

*	cine and Neceffaries for the different Prifons in the faid City, is found

*	to be totally inadequate to provide for fame Be it therefore ena&ed, by the Authority aforefaid, That the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Dublin (hall and may prefent fuch Sum or Sums of Money for Medicine and Neceffaries as fhall be ordered by the Phyfician and Surgeon attending fuch Prifons, and which the Apothecary to the faid Prifons fhall make appear by his Affidavit, in which Affidavit the faid Apothecary fhall fwear that he had faithfully and honeflly expended, and that fuch Medicines and( Neceffaries were of the beft Quality, and were the ufual Charges at which Medicines and Neceffaries of the fame Quality were charged within the faid City, and that the fame were ordered by the Phyfician attending fuch Prifon before they were fupplied : Provided neverthelefs that the Sums prefented for fuch Medicines and Neceffaries fhall not in any Year exceed the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XV.	‘ And for the better Proteftion of the Publick againft Im-

*	pofirion in the Charges made by the faid Apothecary for fuch

*	Medicines ;* Be it further ena&ed, by the Authority aforefaid, That the feveral Grand Juries for the County of the faid City of Dublin may, when they think fit, or the Court of King’s Bench, if the fame fhall appear to them proper, orler fuch Account to be laid before the Governor and Dire&ors of Apothecaries’ Hal!, to be taxed by the faid Governor and Dire&ors, which they are hereby authorize#5 and required to do ; ard that the faid Grand Jury (hall have Power to prefent for the Exptnce incurred by fuch Examination.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforefaid. That the faid Apothecary fknll bring forward at each prefenting Term Two feparate and diltindk Prefentments, one for Medicine and the other for Neceffaries, dating the d'fferent Articles comprized under the latter Head; and it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Grand Jury at each prefenting Term after the paffing of this A6k, to prefent the Sum of Ten Pounds to be paid to the faid Apothecary, as a Corr.penfation for his Trouble in providing the faid Neceffaries for the faid Prifon, and advancing his own Money for that Purpofe.

XVII.	‘ And Whereas the Coroners of the County of the fa;d City

*	of Dublin are often obliged to bold Inqucfts in Gaols and Prifons,

4 and on the Banks of the River, and the Fees thereon are found to be 4 a heavy Tax on the Parifhes where fuch Gaols and Prifons are,

* and where the faid River runs Be it therefore enadked, by the Authority aforefaid. That from and after the paffing of this Ad it' (Kail and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of the County of the

6	faid



Google

J

A.D.1809.	49®	GEO. III.	jC.xx;

faid City at the Court of Kind’s Bench, to prefent fuch $ums of Money as they fhall think nectffary for all Inqueds held.in.the faid City, not exceeding the Sum of Thirteen Shillings and F&ur-pence Sterling, for each, to be raiftd on the Cay at lrrge, and pay the fame to the Coroner or Coroners of the County of the faid Citvaff Dublin, for each and every Inquifition du’y taken by fuch CoroH.r &r Coronera upon View of the Body lying within the County of the £iid City, as a Recompence for Ins or their Labour, Pains, and Charges in taking fuch Inquifition ; and all fuch Sum or Sums of Money fo prefented to and received byjjfuch Coroner or Coroners fhall be f!aken and accepted by him and\bem in lieu of all Fees or Sums of;Money which he or they fhall haveVbeen accutlomed to receive or demand as afore-fai d.	<4

XVIII. And be it\further enabled, by the Authority aforefaid, Notice of Goo4 That if any Colledor, deputy Colledor, Con liable, /or other Perfon taky mlMflrA, empowered to colled the w^biick Money under the Jtaid recited Ad be rafted upw made in the Thirty-third Yf\r qf the Reign of Hi* prefent Majefty, and this Ad, or either of them, fhall take any Difyrefs upon the Pre-mifes of any Perfon refufing to pay his or her' Proportion of the Publick Cefs, fuch Collcdor, Dtmuty Colledor, (fconflable, or Perfon empowered to colled, taking fuch Didrefs, fhhll pod a Notice in Writing by him figned, on the ufaal Place of Notices being pofted in s the Parifli where fuch Didrefs wadtaken, fetting forth, that upon the Seventh Day following he will felL fuch Didrete by publick Cant at that Place ; and it fhall be lawful for fuch IPcrfon who took fuch Didrefs there to fell it to the bed Bidder, ind after deduding the Amount of the Cefs, and One Shilling an4 One Penny in the Pound for his Trouble in making fuch l}iftrtf*/and One Shilling and One Penny per Night for the Charges of Leaping fuch Didrefs, in cafe a Horfe, or any other Bead fhail be dufrained, he fhall return the Overplus (if any) to the Perfon tror*' whom fuch Didrefs was taken, and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons fhall, at any Time hereafter, bring or caufe to be brought any Replevin or Replevins, or any other Adion at Law, whereby to prevent or obdrud the levying of all or any Part oP the Publick Money under the faid recited Ad made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and of this Ad or either of them, then, and in every fuch Cafe, the Colledor or Coliedors, or his or their Sureties, Conftabie or Condables, who fhall didrain for the fame, fhall be enabled to avow, acknowledge, judify, and defend fuch Tak’ng, by pleading, avowing, or making Conr.ufance generally, that he took the Goods and Chattels in the Plaintiff’s Declaration mentioned, by virtue of fuch Ad or of this Ad, as the Cafe may be, for the Cefs for which fuch Didrefs fhall be made due and payable, and in Arrear, out of the Premifes whereon fuch Didrefs fhaii be made, which Cefs was then and dill remains due, without further fetting forth any Proceedings had under fuch Ad or this Ad, or fetting forth fpecially the Warrant or Authority of fuch Colledor, or bis Surety, or of fuch Condable or other Perfon fo ading under fuch Ad or this Ad ; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in fuch Replevin, or the Perfon or Perfons bringing or caufing to be brought fuch Replevin fhall be non-fuited, or a Verdid fhall be found, or Judgment on Demurrer (hall pafs againd him, her, or them, that then and in that Cafe he, fhe, or they, fhall pay Treble Cods.

“ CoU



Google

See former A£b, 7 G. 9. c. 37.

25 G. 3. C. 28. MG. 3. C. 113. *7G. 3. c. 51,

91 G.3. c. 87*

IWty tin Per-Ions damaging or ohft fueling die Railway or Works, f cfony, &c.

49* GEO. III.

A.D. 1S09,

may be prcfentcd by Grand Jury. § 19. Publick

Cap.

xxi.

An A difar apd unii the A new Chm the Pari Revenues d Stipends, faid City. _

Cap. xxii.

An Act for ex\li®ng and amending firft Year of ^iis prcfent Majefty, foi^ Support of thc^oor of the Parifh of County PalatinAof Durhqgi, and direfted to be in\pfed.

extending the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh; for jg Part of the Parifh of Saint Cuthbert's from the faid Parifh, it to the Parifh of Saint Andrew ; for further regulating ient for the Poor in the faid Pariftesj for erefting Two !bes j for difcontinuing certain Chlrches, and annexing thereof to other Parifhes; for ftmher regulating the the faid City applicable to the P/yment of Minifters* for draining the Meadow omthc South Side of the

[28th April 1809.3

pafled in the Thirty, better Maintenance and finder land near the Sea, in the increafing the Rates therein [28th April 1S09.3

Cap. “

An Act for making |frnd maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from the River Severn atkhe Quay in me City of GlouceJery to or near to a certain Gate in cakear the Tcwn of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucefter, called TL\\ Knapp Toif Gate, with a collateral Branch to the Top of Leckham^on Hill, in* the Parifh of Leckhamptony in the faid County.	[28th	April	1809.3

11 The Gloucejler and Cheltl. ham BjHway Company incorporated. § i.

LXXVI. And be it further aufcCujd, That if any Perfon orPcrfoos fhall wilfully, maliciouily, and to th& Prejudice of the faid Undertaking, break, throw down, damage, deftro;'. Ileal, or take away any Part of the faid Railway or Tram road or Collateral Branch, or other Works to be erefted and made by virtue of this Aft, or do any other wilful Hurt or Mifchief to obllruft, hinder, or prevent the carrying on, corty. pleting, fupporting and maintaining the fame, every Perfon fo offending and being thereof lawfully convifted, fhall be fubjeft and liable to the like Pain9 and Penalties as in Cafes of Felony 5 and the Court by and before whom fuch Perfon fhall be tried and convifted, fhall have Power and Authority to caufe fuch Perfon to be punifhed in like Manner as Felons are direfted to be punifhed by the Laws or Statutes of this Realm, or in Mitigation of fuch Punifhment, fuch Courts may, if they think 6t, award fuch Sentence as the Law direfts in Cafes of Petit Larceny, or otherwife every Perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convifted on the Oath of One credible Witnefs, before Two or more of His Majefty’s Juffices of the Peace for the County of Gloucejler, fhall forfeit any Sum not lefs than Double the Value of the Damage proved on Oath to be done, at the Difcretion of fuch Jnftices, fuch Penalty, together with reafonable Cods, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuch Offenders, rendering the Overplus (if any) to fuch Offender or fuch Offender fhall and may be committed to the Common Gaol for the faid County of Gloucejler, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, at the Difcretion of fuch Juftice or Juflices before whom fuch Offender fhall be convifted; provided that nothing herein contained fhall extend

to



Google

A.D. 1809.	490	GEO,	Jit.	C.xxui—ixviiir

to any Owner of Land, or bis or her known Agent or Agents, till Satisfaftion (ball have been tendered as herein provided.

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for the further Improvement of the Harbour of Carnaryo in the County of Carnarvon, and for other Purpofes relating thereto.'	[aSth April 1809 ]

[Former Duties repealed, and new Duties granted."]

XXXVII. And be it further enafted, That all and every Perfon and Perfons whomfoever, who (hall at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully or defignedly demolifti, break down, or deftroy any of the laid Wet or Dry Docks, Piers, Quays, Wharfs, Warehoufes, Build* ings, Ereftions, or any of them, or any of the Works which (hall be conftrufted under this Aft, or which (hall belong to the faid Harbour, or (hall wilfully or defignedly extinguifh or put out any of the Lights ufed in or belonging to the faid Harbour for the Safety or Pro-teftion of the Ships or other Veffels reforting to the fame, (hall be deemed guilty of Felony; and the Court by and before whom fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be tried and convifted, (hall have Power and Authority to caufe fuch Perfon or Perfons to be tranfported for the Term of Seven Years, or in Mitigation of Punifhment may award Sentence of Fine or Imprifonmenf, at the Difcretion of the Judge or Judges before whom fuch Offender or Offenders (hail be tried and eonvifted.

Cap. xxv.

An Act for better fupplying the Inhabitants of the Town of Rod-» dale and the Neighbourhood thereof with Water.

[28th April 1809.]

[The Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Water Works incorporated.3

Cap. xxvi.

An Act to continue and amend Two Afts for repairing and widening the Road from the prefent Turnpike Road at Haverhill to RedcroJs in the Parifli of Shelford in the County of Cambridge, (r)

[[28th April 1809.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Afts of His prefent Majefty, for repairing feveral Roads therein described, fo far as the fame relate to the Road from the Turnpike Road between the Town and County of Poole and Wimbome Minfter in the County of Dorfet, to the Turnpike Road between Blandford Forum and Dorchejler in the County of Dorfet. (0)

[28th April 1809.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Afts of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads from Kipping's Crofs to Lamberhurjl Pound and Pullen's Hilly in the County of Kent, and to Flimwell Vent in the County of Sujfex, and certain other Roads in the faid Afts deferibed. (c)	[28th April 1809.]

Cap I

j*T

See former S3 G. 3. c, 133.

Penalty op Pel* fons deftroying the Werks, &c* Feloiy, fcc.

6 G. 3. c. 34;

13 6.3. c.11*;

7G.3. c.8*;

17 G. 3* C. 86.

2 G. 3. c. 67. 27 G. 3. 0.80V

 L,ooQle



Termer A&$,

36	Q. 2. e. 90.

37	G. 2. c. 27.1 14 G. 3. C. 102. 33 G. 3. e. 174. all repealed

Former A&s,

36 G. 2. c. 91. 12 G. 3. c. 83.

* 36 G. 3. c. 134. all repealed.

4#G. 3. c xxriii.

A G. 2. C. S. 6G. 3. c. 58.

36 G. 3. c. 147.

»G. 2. C. 10. 17 G. 2. c. 14. 10 G. 3. c. 71* X# G. 3. t. 93.

Former A&s,

36 G. 2. c. 93. 11 G. 3. C 85. 15 G. 3. c. 71* 32 G. 3. C. 120. ail repealed.

24	G. 2. C. 35. 28 G. 2. C.39.

4 G. 3. c. 86. 24G.3.ft.l.C.l«.

25	G. 3. C. 28.

C.xxlx—xxxvu, 49° GEO. III.	A.D.igop.

Cap. xxix.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Firfl fmail Bridge or Culvert which croffes the prefent Turnpike Road from Cheltenham to Gloucejler, on the Gloucejler Side of Si avert on Bridge, to join the fame Turnpike Road in the Town of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucejler. (b)	[28th	April	1809.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for maintaining and repairing the Road leading from the City of Glajgoiv, through Co<wcaddens9 to that Part of the River of Kelvin called The Milnford of Garfcube\ (£)	[281I1	April	1809.3

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for more tffeftually making and repairing the Great North Road leading frofci the North Qucensferry in the County of Fife to the City of Perth, and to the Town of Dunfermline (b)

[28th April 1809.3

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for altering an Aft paffed in the Forty-fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, for repairing Roads in the County of Ayr.

[28th April 1809.3

,	Cap.	xxxiii.

An Act to continue the Term anti enlarge the Powers of Three Afts paffed in the Fourth Year of His late Majefty, and the Sixth and Twenty-fixth Years of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road frpm Godflonc in the County of Surrey, to Highgate in the Parifh of Eajl Grinjlead in the County of Sujfcx. (c)

[28th April 1809.2

Cap. xxxiv. .

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of feveral Afts for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner adjoining to Enfield Chafe in the Parifh of South Mims in the County of Middlefex, to Lemsford Mill in the County of Hertford. (0)	[28th	April	1809.3

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for allowing the Timber on Part of the fettled Eftates of Dame Jane St. John Mildmay Widow, in the Counties of EJfex, Somerfet, Dor/et9 and Southampton, to be cut down, and for applying the Monies thence arifing in the Purchafeof Eftates to be fettled in Manner therein-mentioned. (q. P.)	[28th	April	1809.3

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act for repairing and amending certain Roads in the County of Peebles, and for better regulating the Statute Labour within the fam$. (£)	^	[ 12th May 1809.3

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for rendering more efftftual feveral Afts for repairing the Turnpike and other High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, and for repairing the Road9 from the City of Edinburgh to the Town of Leith.	[12th	May	1809.3

29G>a. C. 105. 38 G. 3. c. xlv. 43 G. 3. C.rxxir.

Cap•



Google

A.D. i8o£,

C. xxxviu—3dir«

49* GEO. HI>

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for more effeftually making and repairing the Road from Carlow rie Bridge on the River Almond* to Linlithgow Bridge on the River Avont and other Roads in the County of Linlithgow. (b) .

£t2th May 1809.]

Cap. xxxix.

An A ft for more equally and effeftually affefling and collefting the Poor Rates within the Parifh of Saint Anne (commonly called Saint Anne Limehoufe) in the County of Middlefex.	[12th May	1809.]

Cnp. xl.

An Act for better affeffing and colleftirg the Poor and other Rate* in the Parifh of Saint Nichokuy'in the City of Rocheftert in the County of Kent, and regulating the Poor thereof.

[ 12th May 1 #09* J

Cap. xli.

An Act for repealing an Aft patted in the Twenty-fifth Year of His prefent Majefly, for the Improvement of the River Wear and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for the more efftftual Prtfervation and further Improvement of the fame River, Port, and Haven, (a)	[12th	May 1809.]

[ Gujlomsy Tonnage, and Light-Houfc Duties, granted^

Cap. xlii.

An Aft t<^ amend and enlarge the Powers of the feveral Aft? relating to' the Stratford-upon-Avon Canal Navigation.

[12th May 1809.]

Cap. xliii.

An Act for amending and rendering more effeftual an Aft paffed in the Fifteenth Year of His prefent Majefty, for draining and preferv. ing certain Lands and. Grounds in the Parifhes of Wijbech Saint Peter*s and Wi/bech Saint Mary’s* and in the Hamlets of Wifbech Murrow and Wijbech Guylnrn, in the Ifle of EIy> and County of Cambridge•	[12th May 1809.3

Cap. xliv.

An Act for inclofmg and draining Lands in the Parifhes of Thurlton% HaddJ'coc, and Thorpe next Haddifcoe* in the County of Norfolk.

[12th May 1809.]

LV. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfona Ihfll wilfully and malicioufly cut, break down, demolifh, or deftroy any Ifank, Mill, Engine, Dam, Floodgate, Bridge, Sluice or Tunnel already made, or which fhail at any Time hereafter be made*or erefted, fupported, maintained or ufed for anfwering any of the Purpofes of this Aft, every Perfon fo offending-and being convifted thereof fhail be deemed guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom f\ich Perfon fhail be tried and convifted fhail have Power and Authority to caqfe fuch Perfon or Perfons to be. tranfported for Seven Years, or in Mitigation, of fuch Punifcmeat may award fuch Sentence.as the Law direfts in Cafes of. Petit Larcepy*

i	Cap*

ih

so 6. s.e. 19U

Former Afis,

3 G 1. c. a.pr. 13 G. 1. c. 6. 20 G. 2. e. 1*. 92 G. 2. c. 65. 25 G. 3. c. 26*. all repealed.

33 G. 3. C. 112. 35 G; *. c. 72.

34G. 3. Cil*t

15 G. 3. C« 66.

PunUhmcnt for deftroying Works, Felony, Scc.



ft

17 G. 3. c. 9. 9 G, 3. C. 51. 31 G. 3. c. 99.

7 G. 3. c. it.

SS G. 3. C. 115.

38G. 3.C. 99.

30 G. 2. C, 60. IS G. 3. c.110. 39 G. 3. c.xxxiv.

11 G. 3. C. 99. 32 G. 3. c- 115*

29 C. 3. C. 102.

9G. 8. c. 94. 38 G. 3.C. 111.

C.xiv—Jil,	49° GEO. III.	A.D.1809U

Cap. xlv*

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of feveral Aft8 of Hia late and prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Harlow Bufb Common to Stump Crojs, in the County of Effex. (£)

[12th May 1809.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts pa fled in the Seventh and Twenty-eighth Years of His prefent Majefty, for amending and widening the Road from the Bell Inn at Nortbfield, in the County of Worcejler, to the Wootton Turnpike, in the great Turnpike Road from Stratford-upon-Avon, in the County o i Warwick % to Birmingham, in the fame County, (r)	[12th	May 1809.3

Cap. xlvii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft palled in th« Twenty-eighth Year of His prefent Majefty, for widening and keeping in Repair the Road from the Town of Walfall to HamJlead Bridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Stafford. (c)	[12th May 1809.3

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of feveral Afts of His late and prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Dapdon Wharf near Guldeford, through Guldeford, to Alfold Bars, in the County of Surrey, (a)	[12th	May 1809.3

Cap. xlix.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Handcrofs to Henfield9 and from Bceding to Horjham, in the County of Suffex. (b)

[12th May 1809.3

Cap. I.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His prefent Majefty, for appending the Road from Teddington to the Turnpike Road between Evefham and Perjhore, in the County of Wor-cefler, and for making a new Piece of Road to communicate therewith, in the County of Gloucejler. (a)	[12th	May 1809.J

Cap. li.

An Act for repairing, widening, and improving the Road leading from the Town of Rickmerfworth, in the County of Hertford, through the Village of Pinner, by Harrow-on-the-Hill, in the County of Middlefexy to or near the Swan Publick Houfe at Sudbury Common, in the Turnpike Road leading from Harrow to London. (£)	£i2th	May 1809.3

Cap. lit.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of fo much of Two Afts for repairing the Road from the End of the County of Stafford, in the Poft Road towards the City of Chejler, through Woore, in the County of Salop, to Nant with in the County of Chejlcr, and from Nantwich to Tarporley, and from thence through Tarvin, in the faid County of Chefiert to the faid



Google

A.D.i8oj^	49*	GEO*	III.	€• In—lxi.

C»ty of Chejler, and the Road from North wick to the Crofs in Tarvin aforefaid, as relates to the Second Dillrid of Road* comprized in the faid Ads. (b)	[12th May 1S09.]

Cap. liii.

An Ad to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Ad for repairing the Road from Blackburn to Burfcough Bridge, in the County of Lancaftcr. (a)	[12th May 1809.]

Cap. liv.

An Ad for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Majelty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Tenterden to the feveral Places therein mentioned, in the County of Kent. (c)	[12th May 1809.]

Cap. Iv.

An Ad for continuing Two Ads of the Sixth and Twenty-fixth Years of His prefent Majefty, for repairing feveral Roads leading from the Town oi'lVareham} and in Purbeck9 in the County of Dor/et. (a)	[12th May 1809.]

Cap. lvi.

An Ad for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Ads for repairing the Road from the South End of Newton Abbott to the Paffage Way in Kingpwcar, op polite Cllfton9 Dartmouth, Hardnsfs, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Devon. (b)	[12th May 1809.]

Cap. lyii.

A* Ad for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of feveral Ads palled for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Middlefex, to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks, and for amending the Road from Slough to a certain Place in Eton, and from Langley Broom to Datchett Bridge, in the County of Buckingham. (a) £i2th May 1809.]

Cap. lviii.	#

An Ad for more effedually repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounflow Heath, in the County of Middtefex9 to the Twenty Mile Stone on Egham Hill9 in the County of Surrey. (a)

[12th May 1809.]

Cap. lix

An Ad for veiling a Workhoufe and Premifes; fituate in the City of Londonderry, in Trullees to be fold, and for applying the Purchafe* Money in building another School Houfe, and for better regulating the fame. (q. P.)	[12th May 1809.]

Cap. lx.	-

An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Townlhip of Kelfal, in the Parilh of Tarvin, in the County Palatine of Chejler. (q. P.)	_

[12th May 1809.]

Cap. lxi.

An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Townlhips of Lion Trewyn, Bod* lo*wydd9 and Bryn*cymme, in the Manor of Llanelldan% in the Parilh of Llandidan, in the County of Denbigh, (q. P.)

[12 th May 1899,3

1 m.

*8 G. 3* e« 13l«

y G. 3 e. 10*. 36 G. d. <*. 143.

6 G. 3. c. »

26 G.3. c. 122.

5 G. 3. C. 69-24 G. 3. <« 26*

13 G. 1. C. 31. 17 G. 2. c 19-7 G^3 c 61.

36 G. 3. c. 149.

Former Ad*,

1 G. 2. c. 6.

12 G. 3. c. 16.' 3G. 3. c.47.

31 G. 3 c. 134. all repealed.

 L-ooQie

A.D.iSep;

59*	^	C.	Ixli—hix.	49° GEO.	Iff.

Cap. Ixii.

An A A for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Bradwell, Belton, and Fritton, in the County of Suffolk, (q. P.)	[12th	May	1809.3

Cap. lxiii.

An A A for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Cortony Hopton, and Gorleflon, in the County of Suffolk. (q. P.) £i2th May 1809.3

44 No Leafe of Allotments by the Vicar of Cordon fhall be valid with-44 out the Confent of the King as Patron .of the Vicarage of 44 Cor ton. § 36.

Cap. lxiv.

An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Great Witchingham, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)	[12th	May	1809.3

Cap. Ixv.

An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Sitnonburn, in the County of Northumberland. ( q. P.)	[ 12 th May 1809. j

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for inclofing Lands in the Town (hips of Elton and Winjlcr* in the Parifh of Toulgreave, in the County of Derby. (q. P.)

[12th May 1809.3

44 Allotment to His Majefty as Lord of the Wapentake of Wirkff 44 worth, in Right of his Duchy of Lancafler, as an Equivalent for a 44 certain Rent Or Fee called Palfrey Silver, payable by the Inhabi-ft tants of Elton 5 and of other Rents, Quit Rents, and Fee Farm 4i Rents payable to His Majefty. §1—17. Allotments in lieu of 44 Tithes. § 18. Allotment to the King for his Right and lntereft ♦4 in the Soil. § 20. Extraft of the Award as to the King’s Allot* 44 ments fhall be tranfmitted to the Clerk of the Council of the Duchy M of Lancafler. §33.

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Barton - in-the- C lay, in the County of Bedford, (q. P. )	[12th	May	1809.3

44 Allotment and Gompenfations in Satisfaftion of Tithes. § 20. 44 22} 23. Leafes of Allotment by the Reft or fhall not be valid 44 without Confent of the Kiog as Patron. § 39.

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for inclofing Lands in the Manor and Townfhip of AllcrJlon% in the North Riding of the County of Fork. (q. P.)

£i2th May 1809.3

44 Allotment to the King in Satisfaftioo of all Claims on the Cpm-41 men, as Owner of the Honour and Foreft of Pickering, in Right 44 of his Duchy of Lancafler. § 1. 16. 19.

Cap. lxix.

An Act for making Provifion for fuch of the Sub*Regiftrars of Deputy Regiftrars of the High Court of Chancery as from Age „ or Infirmity fhall be siHifted with permanent Difability, and be incapacitated foe the due Execution of their Office $ and for

making

 CjOOQle

S93

A.D.1809.	49°	GEO.	HI.	C. Ixix.

making further Provifion for the Two Seniors of the faid R*-giftrars, for the Clerks in the R^girtrar’s Office, for tht Matter of the Report Office, and for providing additional Clerks in the Report Office of the faid Court, and for making other Payments and Regulations in refped of the faid Offices.	[2o:h May 1809 ]

WHEREAS by virtue of an Ad of Parliament patted in the 32 G. 3. c. 4*. Thirty.fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent M^fty,

4 intituled, An A8 to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out a 4 further Sum of the Suitors Money upon proper Securities, and for applying 4 the Interejl towards difcharging the Expences of the Office of the Ac-4 countant General; and for building Offices for the Majicrs in Ordinary in 4 Chancery, and a pub'ick Office for the Suitors of the faid Court. and 4 OJfces for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunaticks ; and for huihling ' Repositories forfecuring the Title Deeds of the Suitors of the faid Court«

• find the Records and Proceedings of the Commifjioners of Bankrupts and 4 Lunatichs; and of the feveral Ads in the faid Ad mentioned,

* divers Sums of Money have been by virtue of the feveral Orders * taken out of the common and general C^tti belonging to the € Suitors of the High Court of Cnaucery, which lay dead and uncm*

4 ployed in the Bank of England, and have been placed oat in the * Name of the Accountant General of the faid Court, on Govern*

4 ment or Parliamentary Securities, and fuch Government or Parlia-	*»

• mentary Securities have been, in purfuance of the faid Ad patted in • the Thirty-fccond Year of His prefrnt Matty’s Rtiem, carried to • an Account, intitu ed. Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit 4 and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, and * out of the Dividends and lnterett of the Securities purchased in	%	.

4 purfuance of the faid frveral Ads of Parliament, the feveral annual * Sums and Salaries, and the i’everat other Payments direded to be • made, and to be paid, have been from Time to Time made and	'	*v-*

• paid ; and the furplus Intereil and annual Produce arifing from the	?	•

4 faid Securities, beyond what was fiifficient to anfwer the Purpofes • of the faid feveral Ads, and aifo the Interrft produced from the 4 Securities purchafed with fuch furplus Intereft and annual Produce,	A

4 have been from Time to Time, in purfuance of the faid laft men*

4 tioned Ad, laid out in the Pnrchafe of Government or Parlia-* mentary S.curities, in the Name of the Accountant General of	*

* the faid Court, and placed to the Credit of an Account, intituled,	■	!

4 Account of Securities purchafed with furplus Interejl, arifing from Se-* curilies carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and * better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery: And 4 Wh- reas the Legiflature has impoftd on the Filer of the Reports « and Certificates and Ke-per thereof, and of all Books of Entries of 4 all Orders and Decrees of the Office of Regiftrar of the faid Court,

4 and on the Sub or Deputy Regillrars, the Performance of im«

* portant Duties, by reafon whereof the Bufinefs of the faid Regif- ,

• ftrars and of the fyeptfrt Office is grown very extenfive and laborious,

• fir which extraordinary Duties no Fees are allowed or taken by • the Regiftrars btyind their ancient aud accuftomed Fees for drawing * up and patting the Orders of the Court: And Whereas the Fees and • Emoluments of the Two Seniors of the faid Sub or Deputv Rei;ir*

4 trars of the faid Court are not adequate to the Attendance, Trouble,

* and Importance of their Offices, and to the Length of ihrir Ser*.

* vices: And Wherea9 it would be for the Benefit of the Suitors of 49 G~o. III.	#	the



Google

594

C.lxix.	49°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1809.

, the faid Court, that proper ProviGon fhould from Time to Time be € made for fuch of the faid Sub or Deputy Regiftrars of the faid , Court as from Age or Infirmity (hall, io the Judgment of the faid f Court, be incapacitated to perform the Duties of their refpe&ive Offices: And Whereas the Fees and Allowances to which the

*	Entering Clerks and the Clerks to the faid Sub or Deputy Regiftrars

*	are entitled (regard being had to the great Expence of paying Per-

*	fons to affift them in difpatching the Bufinefs of the faid Office, and

*	the great Increafe in the Price of the Ncctflaries of Life and the

*	Expence of Living), are inadequate to their Attendance and

*	Trouble and the Duties required of them ; and it is reafonable to

*	provide yearly Allowances to the Entering Cierks, and to the Cleiks

*	of the faid Sub or Deputy Regiftrars of the faid Court, in addition

* to the Fees and Allowances to which they are now entitled, and

* alfo to provide additional Cierks in the Report Office, and Salaries

*	for fuch additional Clerks 5 and alfo that ProviGon fhould be made « for fuch other Payments and Expencts incident to the faid Offices,

*	and that fuch other Regulations fhould be made aa are herein-after < mentioned and contained : May it therefore pleafe Your Majelty, u that it may be enafted ;* and be it ena&ed by the King’s mott

Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common*, in this prefent Par-Out -of the liament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That out of the Dividends of lntereft and Dividends ot the Government or Parliamentary Securities Se^iti^wried a^ore^a^» carried to the faid Account, intituled, Account of Interejl to the feveral	arlfinS from Monies placed	out for the Benefit and better Security of the

Accounts of the	Suitors of the High Court	of Chancery, and out ol the lntereft and

Suitors of the Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities carried Court of Clwn- the faid Account, intituled, Account of Securities purchafed •with be7, Id^the11	5wr/>/w/	Interejl arifing from Securities carried to an Account of Monies

Regiftrars and	placed out for the Benefit	and better Security of the Suitors of the High

Clerks of the	Court of Chancery, and out	of the lntereft and Dividends of any Govern-

ed office, the ment or Parliamentary Securities hereafter to be purchafed and placed \early Payments to the laft-mentioned Account, there fhall be paid (but fuhjedt and following. without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and Sums ot Money by any A& or A&s of Parliament heretofore paffed, directed, or authorized to be paid thereout) by the Goiernor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the High Court of Cnancery to be made for that Purpofe, by quarterly Payments, on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of ApriU the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of Odober in every Year, fuch yearly Sums as after-mentioned, to the feveral Pcrfons after-mentioned (that is to fay) : To the two Senior of the faid Sub Regiftrars or Twc Senior Sub- Deputy R-gittrars of the faid Court for the Time being, the y-arly Regiftrars, 550!. Sum of Five hundred and fifty Pounds each ; to t.he firft Citrk in the faid Regifter’s Office for the Time being, the yearly Sum of Three Clerk*, 330I. hundred and thirty Pounds mf to the fecond Clerk the y early Sum of 275I. Two hundred and feventy-five Pounds; to the third Clerk the yearly 220I. Sum of Two hundred and twenty Pounds; *to the fourth Clerk the 165I. yearly Sum of One hundred and fixty-five Pounds; to the fifth and nol. fixth Clerks the yearly Sum of One hundred and ten Pounds each ; to 5*1. the feventh and eighth Clerks the yearly Sum of Fifty five Pounds Two Entering each 5 and to cach	two	Entering Clerks of the faid Court for

Clerk*, 275k the Time being, the yearly Sum of Two hundred and feventy-five

Pounds 1



Google

$9 S

A.D.1809.	49*	GEO.	tlL	C.lxix.

Pounds; and to four additional Clerks to bt employed in the faid Report Office for the Purpofes above-mentioned, and to be appointed by the Filer and Keeper of the faid Reports and Certificates and Keeper of the fa;d Books of Entries of the faid Office for the Time being, the federal yearly Sums herein-after mentioned, (that is to fay) ; to the firft of the faid Clerks, the yearly Sum of Three hundred and thirty Pounds; to the fecond of the faid Clerks, the yearly Sum of Two hundred and twenty Pounds; to the third of the faid Clerks, the yearly Sum of One hundred and ninety-eight Pounds; and to the fourth of the faid Clerks, the yearly Sum of One hundred and thirty-two Pounds, and alfo a proportionable Part of fuch quarterly Payment 33 {hdl accrue due between the laft quarterly Payment thereof, and the Time of the Death or other Removal of fuch feveral Regiftrars acd Clerks; fuch feveral yearly Payments tQ be accepted and taken by fuch feveral Cierks, to the faid Sub or Deputy Regiftrars, and by the faid Entering Clerks, as a full Compenfation and Satisfaction for fuch Expcnces as they (hall expend or be put unto for Perfons to affift them in writing, and expediting the Bufinefs of the faid Offi:e, and fuch Allowances and Payments to the faid Clerks in the Report Office to be a full Compenfation and Satisfaction for their Labour and Attendance in the faid Office 5 the firft quarterly Payment of the feveral Sums aforefaid, to the feveral Perfons aforefaid, to commence on the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nine, and alfo fuch Sums as ihali appear to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiffioners of the Great Seal for the Time being, to be reafonable to order to be repaid or reimbursed to any of the faid Sub or Deputy Regiftrars. or their Cierks, or the • Entering Clerks in the faid Office, or the faid Filer and Keeper of the faid Reports and Certificates and Keeper of the faid Books of Entries, as having been reafonably and neceffarily expended by them, fince the Fifth Diy of April One thoufand eight hundred and four, either in paying Perfons for aflifting and carrying on and expediting the Bufinefs of the faid Office, or in paying for Books or Stationary provided or fupplied for carrying on the faid Bufinefs, or in providing Coals and Candles and other neceflary Articles for their faid Offices; und alfo the annual Sum of One hundred and ten Pounds, to be paiu to the faid Filer and Keeper of the laid Reports and Certificates, and Keeper of the faid Books and Entries, and to each of the Four faid Sub or Deputy Regiftrars of the faid Court for the Time being, as a Compenfation and in Satisfaction for Expences to be incurred in future in providing Books, Stationary, or Printing for fuch Pur-pofe as aforefaid, and in providing Coals and Candles and other neceffary Articles for their faid Offices, and in paying any Perfon or Perfons neceflarily attending therein, to take care of the fame ; lucb laft mentioned annual Sums to be paid quarterly to the faid Filer and Keeper "of the faid Reports and Certificates and Keeper of the faid Books and Entries, and the faid four Sub or Deputy Regiftrars, and the firft quarterly Payment thereof to commence and be computed from the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nine.

II. And be it further ena&ed, by the Authority aforefaid, That the aforefaid Eight Clerks to the faid Sub or Deputy Regiftrars and •each and every of them, ffiall from Time to Time, as and when he or they apply at the proper Office in the Bank of England, for Payment of the feveral yearly Sums hereih-before provided and directed *	Qjq a	to

Four additional Clerks, ddol. 2201. 198l. 1321.

Lord Chancellor may order Regiftrars and Clerks to be reiraburfed Expeeces here-toiore incurred in carrying on their Bufinefs j

and alfo certain Yearly Payments in future, to provide Books, Stationary,

Coals, Candid, Sux

Clerks (hall produce Certificates of having faithfully executed their

before

 ^.ooQle

$S><5

they (ball be entitled to the Pavmenuhmby directed.

Chancellor ♦'inpowen'd to dilglace Rrgif-tmrs who (hall be incapacitated, and to make certain Allowances to them.

i

'Surpla^ (hall . he placed to

C. Ixix.	49*	GEO* III.	A.D.	1809.

to be paid to them refpeftively, produce a Certificate figoed by the refpeftive Sub or Deputy Regiftrar whofe Clerk or Clerks he or they at fi'ch Time rrfpcftivtly may be, or in cafe of a Vacancy of Sub or Deputy Regiftrar, a Certificate (igned by fotne other afting Sub or Deputy Regiftrar of the faid Office for the Time being, that fuch Clerk hath diligently and faithfully in all Things performed and fulfilled the Duty and Office of a Clerk to a Sub or Deputy Regiftrar, up to the Time fpecified in fuch Certificate, and by reafon thereof, is entitled to have and receive the yearly Sum or Payment hereby provided, up to the Time mentioned in fuch Certificate 5 and in cafe the Sub or Deputy Regiftrar or any Sub or Deputy Regiftrar, (hail decline or refufe to fign fuch Certificate, fuch Clerk (hall be at liberty to apply to the faid Court of Chancery, by Petition or otherwifr, and the faid Court (hajl have full Power and Authority to make fuch Order therein, as to the faid Court (hall appear to be expedient and juft.

III. And be it further enafted, by the Authority aforefaid, That in cafe any of the Four Sub cr Deputy Regiftrars of the faid Court for the Time being (hall happen to be afihfted with any permanent Infirmity, difabling him from the due Execution of his Office, it fhall and may be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper or Lords Commiffioners for the Cullody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being refpeftively, to remove from the Office of a Sub or Deputy Regiftrar of the faid Court, any of the Four Sub or Deputy Regiftrars of the faid Court, who fhall in the Judgment of the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commiffioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for fhe Time being, be fo afflifted, and by an Order or # Orders of the High Court of Chancery, to be made from Time to Time when Occafion fhall require, to order an Annuity or clear yearly Sum of Money, not exceeding One thoufand one hundred Pounds, to be paid out of the Dividends and Intercft of the Government or Parliamentary Securities, purchafed or to be purchased as herein-beforc mentioned, to any Sub or Deputy Regiftrar or Rrgillrars, who fhall be removed from the Office of a Regiftrar of tht faid Court, for fuch Caufe aforefaid, in which Order or Orders the Caufe cf making the fame (hall be diftinftly dated and fpecified, and the faid Annuity or yearly Sum mentioned in fuch Order or Orders (hall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England out of the Intereft and Dividends of the faid Government or Parliamentary Securities (but fubjtft and without Prejudice as aforefaid) by even and equal quarterly Payment*, on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of Odober in every Year, to fuch Sub or Deputy Regiftrar,. from the Period whgn.hr (haft be fo removed from his faid Office or Employment, for and during the-Term of hw natural Life, together with a proportionable Part thereof up to the Time of his Deqeafc; and in the Room of fuch Sub or Deputy Regiftrar fo incapacitated, fome other able and fufficient Perfon (hall be appointed to be Sub or Deputy Regi^ar in the ufual and accuftomed Manner.

Expences of this Aft (hall be paid out of Intereft of Funds. § 4.

V.	And be it further cnafted, That the Turplus Intereft anl annual Produce which (hall strife from the Money placed out oa

.	Securitieff



Google

A.D. 1809.	490	GEO.	III.	C. lxix—Ixxi.	$97

Securities, purfu?nt to the faid A A, patted in the Tbirty-fecoml Year of H;s prefent Majcfty’s Reign, and purfuant to the feveral Ads of Parliament therein and herein*btfore mentioned or referred to, and which Securities are thereby direded to be carried to the Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, and a!fo the Intereft which (hail be produced from the Securities purchafed and to be purchafed with fuch furplus Intereft beyond what (hall be fufficicnt to anfwer the Purprfcs of the faid former Ads and the Purpofes of this Ad, (ball from Time to Time be placed out on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and (hall be placed to the Credit of the faid Account, railed in purfuance of the faid Ad of the Tlrrty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and intitul d, Account of Secu* ritics purchafed with furplus Interefly arifing from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, and which Fund Qnll be applied to anfwer the Demands of the faid Suitors of the faid Court of Chancery, in cafe it (hall at any Time be necefTary to call in any of the Money of the faid Suitors, which hath been or may be placed out on Securities.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful to and for Securities may the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Keeper or Lord be changed by Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Chancellor, the Time being, by any Order or Orders of the faid Court of Chancery, to change the Security qr Securities or any Part of the Securities purchafed or to be purchafed purfuant to the feveral Ads of Parliament herein-before mentioned or referred to, or purfuant to this

Ad.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded and declared, That j^oney

for and notwithltanding any of the Proviftons contained in this Ad, called in if if at any Time hereafter the whole or any Part of the Money placed wanted, to out purfuant to the faid feveral Ads of Parliament, or any of them, anfwer the (hall be wanted to anfwer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the	°f

H'gh Court of Chancery, then and in fuch Cafe the faid Court may UItors* and (hail dired the whole or any Part thereof to be called in, and

the Securities in which the fame (hall be placed, and alfo the Securities upon which the furpius Intercft and Dividends herein-before mentioned (hall be placed, to be fold and difpofed of, in order that' the Suitors of the faid Court may at all Times be paid their refpec-tive Demands out of the common and general Cafh belonging to fuch Suitors.

4< Publick Ad. § 8.

Cap. lxx.

An Ad to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Ad, pafTed in the 46G. 3: e.xcvit Forty-fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, to enable the feveral Perfons therein named to difpofe of the feveral Houfes therein mentioned in London and fVfiminJlert by Lottery. [20th May 1809.]

« Truftees empowered to difpofe of certain Premifes for joo,ooq/. by Lottery, to be drawn before 25th March 18Hi

Cap. lxxi.

An Ad to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Stairforth and »G. a. $. 11 > fscadhy Canal Navigation to raife a further Sum of Money for the 38 G. 3. c.xhii.

Q.	q 3	Difcharge



55*	C*	lxxi—lxxvili.	49e GEO. III.	A.D.i	809.

Difehargeof their Debts, and to finifti and complete the faid Canal Navigation, and for amending the feveral Ads paflVd relative * thereto.	[aoih	May	1809.3

Cap. Ixxii.

S6G 3 C 38*	^or	8mcn^,n&>	altering,	and	enlarging, the Powers of the

• ‘•c. 95. feveral Ads relating to the Warwick and Napton Cat al Navigation.	[20th	May	1809,]

Cap. Ixxiii.

10C 3 C 96*	*° imrn<* an<* en^arge the Powers of the feveral Ads

15 G 3 c ao2	Pafltd for making a navigable Canal from the Trent to the Merfey,

16	G. 3.c 32*. and other Canals conneded therewith.	[20th	May	1809.]

23 G. 3. c 33.-37 G. 3. c. 36.-37 G. 3. c. 81.—42 G. 3. C. xxv.

32 G. 2. c. 62. 10 G. 3. c. 104.

Penalty for deftroying Works, Felony, &c.

20 G. 2.C. 14. 30 G. 2. c. 58. 2^G. 3. c. 77.

13 & 14 Car.2.

e. 14.pr.

7 &8 VV-3 c.14, *3G. l,c.3^.*

Cap. lxxiv.

An Ad for explaining and amending Two Ads for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde to the City of Glafgow.

[20th May 1809 j

*• Duty on Coals continued to 8th July 1817.

XXII. And be it tnaded, That if any Pcrfon or Pcrfons (hall, after the paffine of th's Ad, malicioufly and wantonly demolifh, break down, or let on Fire any of the Quays, Piers, Jetties, Breads, Abutments, Walls, or other Works made and conftruded, or to be conttruded, in Terms of the faid recited Ads, or of this Act, or any Snip or Veffti i'ing in the faid Harbour or River, fuch Perfon fo (Fending, on being thereof legally convided, (hall be deemed guilty of Felony, and be tranfported for the Space of Seven Years.

Cap. lxxv.

An Ad to enable the Juftices of the Peace for the feveral Parts of Lindjey, Kejleven% and Holland, conftituting the Three Divifions of the County of Lincoln, to provide a convenient Houie, with fuitable Accommodations, for His Majdty’s Judges at the Afiizes for the faid County.	[20th	May	1809.3

Cap. lxxvi.

An Ad for regulating the Police of the Town and Liberties of Kmfale, and for the Regulation and Improvement of the Port and Harbour of the faid Town, and of the Fifheries thereof, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.	[[20th	May	1809.3

Cap. lxxvii.

An Ad to continue the Term, and render more effedual, feveral Ad^ palled for opening, cleaning, repairing, and improving the Harbour of South wold> in the County of Suffolk. (£)

[20th May 1809.3 “ Pier Dues granted on Vefllls.

Cap. Ixxviii.

An Ad for amendiogffeveral Ads for making navigable the Rivers Wye and Lugg. in the County of Hereford, and for makmg at Horfe Towing Path on certain Parts of the Banks of the faid River Wye.	[20th	May	1809.3

 v^ooQle

A'D.i8e9*	49*	GEO.	III.	C.lxxix—Ixxxiv.	S99

Cap. Ixxix.

An Act for better paving, repairing, cleaning, lighting, and watching the fcveral Streets, and other publick Paffages and Places, within the Town ani Franchife of Swanfca> in the County of Gla-morgan, and for removing and preventing Nuifanccs, Annoyances, and Obftruftions therein.	[20th	May	1S09.]

Cap. lxxx.

An AS for the better fupplying the City of Dublin with Water.

[20th May 1809.3

^Additional Duties granted.*]

See former A As, 15& 16G.3. (I.) C. 24. 19&20G.3.(I.) c. 13.—42 G. 3. c. xcli.

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act to authorize the raifing of Money to defray the Expences 23G.3.C. 54. of erefting a Prifon and publick Offices in the Town of Birming-ham, in the County of Warwick.	[20th	May	1809.3

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act to revive and continue* the Term and Powers of certain 35 g. for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, 38 G. near Temple Bar, for snaking a more commodious Street at Snow 39 & HtlU and for raifing on the Credit of the Orphans* Fund certain c*xlii Sums of Money for tbofe Purpofes.	[aoth May 1809.}

4t Three Years from the paffing this Aft allowed to punchafe Houfes, u dec, and Five Years to complete the Improvements. § 1.—38 G. 3.

11 cm Ixt. § 5. repealed. § 2.—'The new-built Veftry Room, Court •« Rooms and Alms Houfes, and the New Burial Ground (hail be « conveyed to the Ufe of the Parifh of Saint Clement Dana. § 3.

42 G, 44 G.

3. C. 126. . 3. c. Ixi. 40 G. 3.

3.C. lxxiii. 3. c. xxviL

Cap. Ixxxiii.

An Act for the Improvement of the Pafiage acrofs the Frith of Forth, called The Queensferry. (3)	[20th	May	1809.]

XLIV. And be it further enafted. That if ady Perfon or Perfong Punifhment for whatfoever (hall, after the paffing of this Aft, wilfully and maii- deftroying cioufiy deftroy any of the Piers, Jetties, Landing Places, or other Works, Works to be conftruftcd under the Authority of this Aft, or any	8te.

of the Materials intended for any of the faid Works, or any VefTel lying or being in any Harbonr made under the Authority of this Aft, or any VefTel on its Pafiage acrofs the faid Ferry, every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending, upon being lawfully convifted thereof, (hall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and (hall fuffier Puniflunent, by Traaf-portation. Fine, or Imprifonment, at the Difcretion of the Judge or '

Judges before whom fuch Offender or Offenders (hall be tried and con-vffted.

“ Boatmen licenfed at the Ferry (hall not be liable to be hn«

M preffed. $68.

Cap* Ixxxiv.

An Act for building a new Bridge acrqfa the River Ton*, and enlarging the Bridge at Shuttern, both in the Town of Taunton, in the Countj* of Somerfet, and alio for widening and improving tho-Approaches to the faid Bridges, and removing and preventing Ob-ftruftiot? and Nuifances thereon, {a) .	^	-	[aoA May

CU4

 C^ooQle

6oo

A.D.i3op.

C. lxxxv—•dxxxix.	49# GEO. III.

Cap. lx i xv.

An Ad for building a Bridge over the River Watfum, between the Scite where the Gites cnlled King Street Gates formerly itood, and Carrcw Mbey, to the Hamlet of Thorpe, in the Countv of the Otv of Norwich.	[loth	May	1809.3

Bridge not to he XVII. And be it further enaded, That the faid Bridge (hall n6t be taxed, or deemed ratc(j or afl*tfi;d for or towards the Payment of any parochial Rate or a unty n ge. Affeffment whatfoever; nor (hall the faid Bridge be deemed a County Bridge, fo as to fuhjed the faid City of Norwich or the County of the faid City or the County of Norfolk to repair the fame.

Penalty on	XVIII.	‘	And	for	preferring	the	faid Bridge from wilful or maii-

lVrion* deft rot- « C;0U8 Damage, and preventing all Interruptions to the building Felony.' *’	*	thereof/	Be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons

(hall wilfully or malicioufly blow up, pull down, or dtftroy the faid Bridge, or any Part thereof, or the Toll Houfes, or Toll Gates or Side Bars ere&ed or fet up, or to be ended or fet up, on the fa’d Bridge, or any of them, or any of the Works, Buildings, or Erections made or to be made in purfuance of this Ad, or caufe or procure the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof rcfptdivtly to be fo blown up, pull si down, or deftroyed, then and in every fuch Cafe every fucb Offender being lawfully convided thereof (hall be adjudged guilty of Ftlony, and every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convided, (hall be fubjed to the like Puni(hment and Penalties as in Cafes of Felony ; and the Court by or before whom fuch Perfon (hall be tried and convided, (hall have Power and Authority to caufe fuch Perfon to be punifhed in like Manner as Felony is direded to be punifhed by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or in Mitigation of fuch Punifliment, fuch Court may award fuch Puniihment as the. Law directs in Cafes of Fetty Larceny.

Cap. lxxxvi.

5 Q. 3.c. 67. An Ad to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of Two Ad* S7 Q. 3.C. 8f. of His prefent Majefty, for amending the Road from the Pinfold in Bulky, in the County of Torl9 to Worlfop, in the County of Nottingham.* (c)	[20th May	1809.J

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Ad for making and maintaining a Road from a Place calhd Nantgaredig, adjoining the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of LJandilofawr to the Town of Carmarthen through the Village . of Brechfa to the River Ttvy near Llanlooney Church, and alfo a Road from Brechfa aforefaid to the Village of Llanfawell, all in - the County of Carmarthen, {a)	[^oth	May	1809 ]

. ..	Cap.	lxxxviii.

*9 G. 3. c. 93. An Ad for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Ad ..of His prefdrtvMaj^fty> amending the Road leading from Con* g let on to Colley Bridge, and other Roads in the faid Ad mentioned, in the Counties of Chejler and Derby. Or) [20th May 1809 ]

Cap. Ixxxix.

An Ad for making and maintaining Turnpike Roads for the Town of Malmejbury, to or near to ^he Town of Wootton Bajfett, .Sutton _ Bcogcf Church,, and Dauntfey Gates i# the County of Wilts, {aft

[20th May 1809.3



A.D.i8o9.	451° GEO. III.	C.	xc—xcvit.	Col

Cap. xc.

An Ad for repairing and maintaining the Road from Wooiton Bajfet in the County of Wilts* to the Tiro Mile Stone on the Turnpike Road from Swindon to Marlborough in the faid County, (a)

(20th May 1809]

Cap. xci.

An Ad for amendingand improving the Road from the North End of the Town of Tonbridge to the Village of Ightham, and Two other Roads communicating with the fame, all in the County of Kent, (h)

[20th May 1809.3

Cap* xcii.

An Ad for amending and improving the Road from Stockerjhead at the Top of Charing Hill, to a certain Place where the fame joins the Road from Jjbford to Canterbury, all in the County of Kent* (a)

[20th May 1809.}

Cap. xciii.

An Ad for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two s&^G.a.ft.i. Ads of His prefent Majefty, for amending the Road from the End c* *i* of the County of Stafford to the City of CheJUr, and from North- 28 * 'C* wtch to Tarvin in the County of Chejler, and other Roads in the faid Ads mentioned, fo far as refpeds the Third Diftrid of the laid Roads. (£)	[20th May 1809.]

Cap* xciv.

An Ad for making and maintaining a Road over Harley Common in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Black Corner, and from thence to join the Bright helmfton Turnpike Road at Cuckfield, in the County of Suffix. (a)	[2o:h	May	1809.]

Cap. xcv.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His pre- 6 G. 3. <*. s&! fcnt Majefty, lor repairing the Road from Tunbridge Wells in the asG.3.c.8S. County of Kent, to the Crofs Ways near Mares field Street, and from Florence Farm to Forefi Row, io the County of Suffix? (c)

[20th May 1809.]

Cap. xevi.

An Ad to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Ad of 07 G.3. c.17*i the Thirty-feve nth Year of His prefent Majefty for amending the Road from or near Edenfield Chapel to the Townlhip of Little Bolton, and for making and maintaining a Road from the faid Road at or near Booth Pitt, to or near Bury Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (a)	[20th May 1809.3

Cap. xcvii.

An Ad to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Ads « G. 3.c. so. of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road leading from Reading *7 G.3. c. si. in the County of Berks, through Henley in the County of Oxford, and Great Marlow to Hatfield in the County of Hertford; and alfo the Road leading out of the faid Road at Marlow over Great Marlow Bridge through ByJharn to or near the Thirty Mile Stone jo the Road leading from Maidenhead to Reading aforefaid. (c)

[20th May 1809.]



C. xcviii—CV.

A.D. 18oty«

60 V

49* GEO. III.

aSG. 3. C.32.

Puniftiment lot deftroying Works, iFdujf, &c.

Cap. xcviir.

An Act for effefting the Sale of an Eftate at Tachbrook in the County-of Warwick, deviled by the Will of John Norris Efquire, deceafed j and for applying fufficient of the Money in difcharging Incumbrances on certain Efiates at Cwmyoy and Lanthony in the Counties of Monmouth and Hereford; and for paying the Relidue thereof to Walter Salvage Lander Efquire; and for fettling the faid Eftates at Cwmyoy and Lanthony to the Ufe of the Will of the faid John Norris, (q. P.)	[20th	May	1809.3

Cap. xeix.

An Act for inclofing a Moor or Common called Middlehope within the Park and Foreft of Wear dale in the Parilh of Stanhope, in the County of Durham. (q. P.)	[20th	May	1809.3

Cap. c.

An Act for dividing and allotting Lands in the Parilhes of Barford Saint Martin and South Newton, and for extinguifhing Rights of Common in other Land# in or adjoining the Parilhes of Barford Saint Martin aforefaid, and Baverjlock, in the County of Wilts.

' (q. P.)	[20th	May	1809.3

Cap. ci.

An Act to explain and amend an Aft pafied in the Thirty-eighth Year of His prefent Majefty, for inclofing Lands in the Manor aid Parilh of Portburyt in the County of Somerfet. [20th May 1809.3 XVII. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Pcrfona (hall wilfully and malicioufly cut, break down, demolifh, or deftroy any Bank, Dam, Flood-gate, Sluice, or other Works already made* or which (hall at any Time hereafter be made or erefted, fupported, maintained, or ufed, in purfuance of the faid recited Aft or of this Aft, within the faid Common, for protefting the faid Lands called Portbury Wharf from the Sea, or for draining the fame, every Perfba fo offending, and being convifted, (hall be guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom fuch Perfon or Perfous (hall be tried and convifted (hall l^ve Power and Authority to caufe fuch Perfon or Pqr-fon8 to be tranfported for Seven Years, or in Mitigation of fuch Funilhment may award fuch Sentence as the Law direfts in Cafes of Petty Larceny.

Cap. cii.

An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Cheadale% in the County of Stafford, (q. P.)	#	[zothMay	1809.]

Cap. cxii.

An Act for inclofing Wade Lands in the Townlhip of Difiard m the Parilh of Wallafey, in the County Palatine of Chejlcr. (q. P.)

[20th May 1809J

Cap. civ.

An Act for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Whiflon and Parifh of Kingsley, in the County of Stafford, (q. P.)	[20th	May	1809.]

Cap. cv.

An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Bledlow* *0 the Cpunty of J&ckiitghapi. (q. P.)	[20th	May	1809.3

44 Allotments and Compcnfation for Tithes. § 22—28.

 CjOOQle

A«D,i8o9<

C.cri—cxi.

GEO* III*

Cap. cvi.

An Act for inclofing Lands within the Manor and Townfhip of Idle. in the Parifh of Calverley in the Welt Riding of the County of Tori. (q. P.)	[20th	May	1809	]

u Modus or ancient Compofition real for Tithes confirmed. § 32.

Cap. evii.

An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parifii of Marfworth, in the County of Buckingham. (q. P.)	[20tb	May	1809.]

“ Allotments and Compenfation for Tithes. § 21—24.

Cap. cviii.

An Act for incloGng Lands in the Manor and Parifh of Long Witten* ham, in the County of Berks, (q. P.)	[20th	May	1809.

Allotments and Compenfation for Tithes. § 13—17.

$•3

Cap. cix.

An Act for inclofing Lands in the Manors of Abdon and Stoke St.

MUborougb, in the County of Salop. (q. P.)	[20th	May 1809.J

Cap. cx.

An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Stockton, in the County of Wilts, (q. P.)	[20th	May 1809.J

“ Allotments and Compenfation for Tithes. § 17—22.

Cap. cxi.

An Act for repealing fuch Part of an Aft paffed in the Forty-third 43G.o.c.lviM. Year of H13 prefent M^jefty, as impofes a certain Proportion of 47 G. 3.ft. 2. the County Rate for the County of Kent upon the Eaftern Divifion c.xsaar. of the faid County, and certain Proportions upon the Weftem Divifion of the faid County 5 and alio, fo much of an Aft paffed in the Forty-feventh Year of H s prefent Majefty, for empowering the Juftices of the Peace for the County of Kent, to make a fair and equal County Rate tor the faid County, as direfts the Churchwardens and Overfeers therein mentioned, to make certain Returns of the Rental or Value of Eftates within their Parifhes at the Periods and in the Manner therein mentioned, and impofes a certain Penalty upon fuch Churchwardens and Overfeers for making Default therein, and for amending the Powers and Provifions of the faid Afts.

[27th May 1809.]

43 G.3. c Ivin, and 47	2.	c. xxxiv. recited and confirmed,

** except as repeale d by this Aft. § 1.	43 (7.3. c. Ivi/. $2. propor-

€t tioning the Rates ‘or the County, repealed, except as to Expence in •• and up to Eajler Quarter Seflions 49 G. 3.—$ 2. 43 G. 3. c. lvii.

“ § 3. as to Meetings tor fettling the Treafurer’s Accounts, repealed.

“§3-

IV. And be it further enafted, That the Juftices who fhall be Juftices at the affembled at the Eajler Quarter Stflions of the Peace to be holdcn for Eafter Quarter the faid County in each and every Year (hall and they are hereby di- Seffionsfhall refted and required to appoint a Committee of Twelve Juftices (that a,‘™ally appoint is to fay), Six Juftices aamg iu thtEaJlem Divifion, aod Six Juftices	l°

1	afting



604	C-cxi.	GEO*	Ilf*	AtD.ifo^*.

Accounts of the

frvcral

Tiemforeisw

Three Juftieet *t ihe leaft, of ench DtrHioi\, to be prefrnt at the fettling of the Treaf«rer*s Accounts,

Juftices (hall mate County Bates, under 1*2 G. 2. c. 9. for the fercral Divifions of the County.

a&ing in the IViJlern Divifion of the laid County, of which Com. mittec of Twelve Juftices the Chairman for the Time being of each Divifion of the faid County (hall always be one, and (hall mert at Sit-tingbourne aforefaid, on the Friday next preceding the Saint Thomas's or Midfummer Gereral Quarter Sefiions in every Year, for the Purpofe of examining, palling, adjufting, and allowing the feveral Accounts of the refpe&ive Treafurers of the faid Two Divifions of the faid County ; and that fuch Meeting (hall always commence and originally be holdcn at Sittingbourne aforefaid, but the fame may from Time to Time be adjourned as Occafiou may require to Sittinghourne aforefaid, and the Juftices fo appointed and prefent at fuch Meeting, or any Adjournment thereof, (hall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby directed to inquire into, and examine, pafs, and allow the fa*d Accounts of the faid Treafurers; and the faid Accounts (hall be examined, palled, and allowed folely and cxclufively at the faid Meeting, or fome Adjournment thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no fuch Meeting (hall be effectual or competent to tranfa& the feveral Matters and Things herein-btfore dirc&ed to be done and trarifa&ed at fuch Meeting as aforefaid, unlefs Three at the leaft of the Juftices a&ing in each Divifion of the faid County, appointed as aforefaid, (hall be then prefent, but that fuch Meeting (hall neceffurily be adjourned until Three Juftices of each Divifion of the faid County fo appointed as aforefaid, (hall be fo prefent as aforefaid j and in cafe no fuch Juftice or Juftices (hall attend at the faid Meeting, then the Cltik of the Peace or his Deputy fhall adjourn the fame, of which Adjournment the faid Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy (hall forthwith give Notice to the feveral Members of the faid Committee*

“ 43 G. 3. c. lvir. §5. fo far a3 it requires that County Rates under €i 12 G. 2. c. 29. (hall be made for the whole County, repealed. § 6.

VII* And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the paffing of this A& it (hail and may be lawful for the Juftices aflVrc.bled at the Quarter Stfiions holden for the IVeJlern Divifion of the faid County, and for the Juftices aflembled at the Quarter Seflions holden for the Eajlern Divifion of the faid County, to make fuch Rate or Afleflment for raifing fuch Sum and Sums of Money within each fuch Divifion refpedtively, as (hail be fufficient to a ifwer the Ends and Purpofts mentioned and contained in the before recited A&, pafled in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, as Occaflon may demand, or as the Exigencies of each fuch Divifion may require, and alfo for the Ends and Purpofes of this AH ; and that fuch refpedtive Rates and Aflcflments fhall be as legal and efFe&ual to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as if one general Rate had been made for the whole of the faid County; and that all and every the Sum and Sums of Money in and by fuch Rates or Afleflhnentft rated or aflefi'ed upon the feveral Towns, Parifhes, Precin&s, Vilis* Hamlets, and Places fituate within the IVeJlern Divifion of the faid County, fhall be paid to the Treafurer of the faid IVeJlern, Divifion ; and all and every the Sum and Sums of Money it* and by fuch Rates or Afleflmente rated or aflVflVd upon the fcveraL Towns, Parifhes,, Precin&s, Vitls, Hamlets, and Places fituate within the Ecjlern Di* vifton of the faid County, (hall be paid to tfrq Ttcafurcr of the faid Eafiern Divifion. .

VIII.

 CjOoq le

A.D. 1&09.	49° GEO, III.	C. cxi.	605

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That the Treafurer and Trrafurers Treafvrers (hall appointed and to be appointed for each Division of the faid County, account for (hall and he and they is and aTe hereby required, not more than Ten,

nor lefa than Seven Days at lead, previous to every Eajler Quarter	** * **

Seflions of the Peace to be holden for the faid County, to tranfmit or caufe to be tranfir.itted to the Clerk of the Peace for the faid County, or to his Deputy, an Account in Writing under the refpedive Hands of the Treafurer for each Divifion of the faid County, of the Balance then remaining in the Hands of each fuch Treafurer refpedively ; and alfo an Account of the Sum of the grofs Expenditure of each (uch refpedive Treafurer fince the Eafier Quarter Seflions preceding to the Time of making up and delivering fuch Account; and alfo an Efti-isate of the further probable Expcnce, to be incurred up to the faid Eajler Quarter Stfliuns inclufive, in order that the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy may and he is hereby required to lay the fame before the Juftices to be aflembled at the Eajler Quarter Seflions of the Peace to be holden for the faid County, for their Information.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That every fuch Rate or Afleflmcnt Rales fhaH be fo to be made and aifeffed as aforefaid (hail be made and aflefled upon made on the the relative Rentals of each Divifion of the faid County, as the fame relative Rentals’ (hall have been returned and afeertained under and by virtue of the of each Divifton. Diredions and Provifions of the before recited Ad, paflVd in the f j 2‘ Forty-fevcnth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and as

fuch Rentals may be exifting at the Michaelmas Quarter Seflions of the Peace to be holden for the faid County of Kent, next and immediately preceding the Meetmg of the Committee of Twelve Juftices appointed to be holden at Sittingbournc as aforefaid.

“ 47 G.3.JI 2. e. xxxiv. §J,4« (direding Churchwardens and Ovcr-“ feers to make Returns as therein mentioned,) repealed. § 10.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That whenever the Juftices, aflembled ^OWCT to revife, at any General Quarter Seflions of the Peace to be holden for the faid County, whether the fame (hall be originally holden in the Eqftern JtcnttUofthe or IVeJlern Divifion of the faid County, (hall determine that it is necef- Conuty. fary to revife, corrcd, and re-afeertain the Rental of the whole County, they (hall immediately fignify fuch their Determination to the Juftices to be affembled in Seflions in the other Divifion of the faid County, in order that fuch Juftices may and they are hereby required to appoint a Committee ot Three Juftices from each Divifion of the faid County, for the Pnrpofes hereafter-mentioned, of which Committee any Five of fuch Juftices (hall be competent to ad, and fuch Committee (hall meet as loon after fuch Appointment as (hall be mutually agreed upnn between them, in order to revife, corred, and re.r afeertain the Rental of the whole County, and the relative Rentals of each Divifion thereof diftindly, upon the fame and as juft and equitable Principles as they c-»n, by virtue of and under the Powers,

Provifions, and Diredions of the before recited Ad, pafled in the Forty-fevcnth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and alfo of this Ad, and fuch Revifion, Corredion, and Afcertainment fo to be made as aforefaid, fhali be final and couclufive to all Intents and Pur-pofes, and binding upon the feveral Parties to be affeded thereby, until another Revifion. Comd'on, and Afcertainment, (hall take place and be made in Manner as aforefaid, faving neverthelcfs to the

fcvtral

 CjOoq le

6o5

C. cxi.

49° GEO. HI.

A.D. 1809;.

places of Meeting of Committee for each Divifion.

Declaring how the Rental of the whole County (hall be xevifea, cor-leifted, and ascertained According to the Affeltment to the Property Tax, under 46 G. 3. €.65.

fevcral Parties who may confider themfelves aggrieved thereby, fuch Powers of Appeal, and in fuch Manner as is contained in the faid before recited Aft of the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and alfo of this Aft: Provided always, that no fuch Revifion, Correftion, or Afcertainment, (hail again take place until after the Expiration of Three Years from the Time of making fuch laft Revifion, Correftion, or Afcertainment.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That the Place of Meeting of the faid Committee fo to be appointed for the Purpofes laft aforefaid* (hall always be, for the Ecjem Divifion, at the Seilions Houfe for the faid Eaftern Divifion, and for the Wejlern Divifion, at Maidjlont in the faid County, and the Juftices then prefent (hall have full Power to adjourn the fame from Time to Time to fuch Place as they may judge more convenient.

XIII.	‘ And in order to enable the faid Juftices of the Peace to

*	form a proper Judgment of any Rate or Rates to be made in pur-

*	fuance of this Aft, and to grant proper ReliefBe it further enafted. That the faid Juftices of the Peace, or any Three or more of them, or the faid Clerk of the Peace for the faid County, afting under their Authority, (hall and may and they and he are and is hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time during the Execution of thia Aft, to caufe any of the Books of Affeffment of the Property or Income Tax, fo far as the fame relate or refer to or in any wife concern the Statement of Property to be fet forth and ftated in the Schedule (A.) contained in an Aft, paifed in the Forty-fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled, An AS for granting to His Majejly, during the prefent War, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of any Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, on Projits arifing from Property, Profejftons, Trades, and Offices; and for repealing an AS, faffed in the Forty fifth Tear of His prefent Majefty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arifing from Property, Profejftons, Trades, and Offices, and to confolidatc and render more ejfeSual the Provifions for colleSing the faid Duties \ and the Rental or Valuation by which fuch Affeffments are made, mentioned, sod deferibed, within any Parifh or Place within the faid County, to be brought before them or him, and to take Copies of fuch Books, or anv Part or Parts thereof, as they, he, or any of them (hall think fir, fuch Compenfation being made to the Parties producing the fame refpeftively as the faid Juftices, or any Three or more of them, fhali think reafonable; and if any Pcrfon or Perfons in whofe Cuftody or Power any of the faid Books (hall be (hall negleft or refufe to attend the faid Juftices, or the faid Clerk of the Peace, with fuch Book or Books, or to permit them, him, or any of them, to take Copies thereof as aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe every Perfon who (hall fo refufe or negleft, (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, Perfon or Perfons, fo making Default, together with the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One Juftice of the Peace for the faid County, rendering the Overplus to the Party or Parties refpeftively, on whofe Goods and Chattels fuch Diftrefs and Sale (hail be fo made as aforefaid! and the fame Penalties or Forfeitures, when recovered and

received.

 C^ooQLe

A»Di iBop*

49° GEO. Ill

C. cxu

607

received, (hall forthwith be paid to the Treafurer of the Divifion of the faid County in which fuch Offence (hall arife, to be applied toward the Purpofca of thid Aft.

XIV.	And be it further eaafted, That the Churchwardens and pre^yine Overfeers of the Poor of all and every Parifli, Town, Liberty, Pre- another Modi cinft, Village, Hamlet, or Place within the (aich County, or fome of making or one of them, (hall, whenever it (hall be fo determined to be neceffarjr Returns, to revife, correft, and re-afeertain the whole Rental of the faid County

as afore faid, make a Return to the Committee fo to be appointed for fuch Revifton as aforefaid, at fuch Time and Place as the faid Committee, or any Three or more of them (hall appoint, of the total Amount of the Rtntal or Value of the Eftates within fuch refpec-tive Parilhcs, Towns, Liberties, Precinft*, Villages, Hamlets, or Places, at the Time of making the lait preceding Rate for the Relief of the Poor, together with the Names of the feveral Perform and Parties charged with fuch Rate, and the Sum and Sums of Money-rated or charged on fuch feveral Perfons or Parties refpeftively, and fhall alfo (late and point out in Writing the Mode adopted in making fuch Rate upon fuch Return, and (hall verify every fuch Return upon Oath, in Manner as by the laid Aft is directed, and every fuch Return (hall be figned with the Name or Names of the Church warden or Churchwardens, Overfeer or Overfeers making fuch Rate.

XV.	And be it further enafttd. That in cafe any Churchwarden

or OveTfetr of the Poor of my of the feveral Parilhes, Towns, Churchwardens Liberties, Precinfts, Villages, Hamlets,* or Places within the faid aodOverfeer* County, (hall neglect or make Default in making any fuch Returns in oegle&ing to Manner aforefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe each and every fuch Churchwarden and Overfeer of the Poor fo negltfting or making De. fault (without fufficient Excufe, to be allowed by the faid Committee fo to be appointed, at their Meeting fo to be holden at Sittingbourne aforefaid) (hail forfeit and pay fuch Sum and Sums of Motley, not exceeding Fifty Pounds, as (hall or may be ordered or adjudged by the faid Committee, at their Meeting fo to be holden at Sittingboume aforefaid, by way of Penalty for fuch Ntgleft or Default j and in cafe any fuch Penalty (hail not be forthwith paid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Committee at fuch Meeting affembled, and they are hereby direfted to iffue their Warrant to the High Constable of the Divifion where fuch Pari(h, Town, Liberty, Precinft,

Village, Hamlet, or Place (hall be fituated, direfting him to levy fuch Penalty upon the rtfpefttve Goods and Chattels of each and "every Churchwarden and Overfeer of the Poor of the Parilh, Town,

Liberty, Precinft, Village, Hamlet, or Place fo neglefting or making Default, in like Manner and with fuch Powers and Authorities as the faid High Conftable is, by a Statute made in the Twelfth Year of te Rtign of His late Majefly King George the Second, intituled,

An A3 for tfc more eafy qffefftng, colie3ing, and levying the County Rates > vetted with for levying on the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor the Sum affeffed for the County Rate.

XVI.	And be it further en?fted, That every Churchwarden or A&softhe Churchwardens, Overfeer or Overfeers of the Poor of any Parfli,. Committee of Town, Liberty, Precinft, Village, Hamiet, or Place in the faid JufticesOiaU

f"'’ /-Mint Tr P/»rfr»n nr P*>rff%nfl fhall	ar.rl	Pnfitlf*d to thr fumr* ,e COnfidered t®

Purpofcs,

 L^ooQie

601

CUrkof Peace (bill deliver in Aqceunt of Keutal vewlj.

Difburfementt, &c. arranged by Committee of Juftices.

Committee of Juftices fliall divide Annual Exjienocs between the Two Divilions.

S3 G.3. c. 3r. 31 C». 3.c. 67. 36 G. 3.C.34,

4 G. 3. C. 55. 14 G.3. c. SK).

C. cxi—cxiii.	49°	GEO* III*	A.D, 1809.

Purpofes, as if the faid Matter or Thing had been ordered and direfted by a General Quarter Stflions, or any Adjournment thereof, under and by virtue of the before recited A ft of the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Majcfty.

XVII.	And be it farther enafted, That the Clerk of the Peace for the faid Cci*- y, or his Deputy, (hall and he is hereby required, Yearly and every Year, to deliver in to the Juftices of the Peace affembled at the Eojter Quarter Seflions to be bolden for the faid County, and alfo to the Treafurer or Treaftirers appointed and to be appointed for each Divifion of the faid County, a Statement in Writing of the S im or Amount of the whole Rental of the faid County, as the fame (hall have been returned, under and by virtue of the hereinbefore recited Aft of the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Majeity, and of this Ad, and alfo of the component Parts of fuch Rental, as the fame (hall have been exiting at the Michaelmas General Quarter Seflions of the Peace next preceding, aiflinguidling the Amount for each Divifion of the faid County ; which Statement (hall be figned by and verified upon the Oath of the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded, That all and every Dilburfe-mtnis, Sum and Sums of Money, Charges and Expenccs whatloever, of the whole of the faid County of Kent, which attach upon or to which a County Rate is by Law liable (hall be arranged, adjufied, and fettled hy the Committee ot Juftices fo appointed as aforefaid, at their Meeting to be holderi at Sittingboume* in Manner aforefaid, in proportion to the relative Rentals or each Divifion of the faid County, as the fame (hall be exiting at the Michaelmas Quarter Seflions of the Peace next preceding fuch Meeting as atorcfaid ; and the Juftices fo afiembled (hall make fuch Order upon the Treafurer of each Divifion of the faid County refpeftively, to pay to or receive from each other fuch Sum or Sums of Money as by the faid Juftices (hall be adjudged to be due from or to be paid to either refpeftively upon fettling the Annual General Account at fuch Meeting up to and including the Eajler General Quarter Seflions of the Peace next preceding fuch Meeting fo to be liolden at Sittingboume as aforefaid.

XIX* And be it further enacted, Tnat the Committee of Juftices, fo to be aihmblcd at Sittingboume as aforefaid, (hall and they are hereby required from fuch grofs Rental and from fuch relative Rentsls fo to be delivered in by the faid Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy as aforefaid, to divide the faid Annual Expenccs between the Two Divifions of the faid County, proportionally to fuch grofs Rental and fuch relative Rentals: Provided always, that no Denominator of a lowsr Value than a Twentieth (hail ever be ufed for the Purpofe of afeer-taining the faid Proportions.

“ Expences of Aft. $ 20. Publick Aft. § 21.

Cap. cxii.

An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers of feveral Ails for making and maintaining the Thames and Severn Caoal Navigation.	{27th	May	1809*]

Cap. cxiii.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of Two Afts of His prefent MaJeftyj fo far as.-relates to the eftabliftmig a Mghtiy Watci»# and



A.D.i8o9.	49°	GEO.	III.	C.	cxiii—cxv.	609

for maintaining the Poor within the Parifh of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlefcx.	[27th	May	1809.]

“ Power of making Rates extended from 6d. to lx. in the Pound.

Cap. cxiv.

An A A for buiid:nT a Chapel of Eafe in the Town of Worthing, in the County of Sujex. •

Gap. cxv.

An Ad for amending an Ad of the Forty-third Year of Hia pre- 43G. 3. c.lix. fent Majelty, for paving and improving the Town of Worthing, in the County of Suffix, and for building a Market Houfe and cftablifhing a Market in the faid Town.	_	[27th	A/qjp	1809.]

[iV. B. The Ad Cap. cxiv., though intituled as above, is in fad,j An Ad for amending an AS of the Forty third Tear, for paving, &e. the Town of Worthing : while on the contrary, the Ad, Cap> cxv.,' though intituled as above, is An AS for building a Chapel of Raft at1 Worthing.]

By Cap cxv. Truftees are appointed for building the Chapel.

XXII.	And be it further enacted That the faid Chapel and every Chapeltobe Miniiter officiating therein for the Time being, as alfo the Perfon or fubjed to the Pcrfons who (hall ad as Chapelwarden or Chapel wardenR thereof, (halt ^cc^,a*Vca* be fubjed in all Rfptdsto the ordinary Ecclefiaftical JurifdiAiofl by

Law eltablifhcd ; and it fhail an 1 may be lawful to and for the Lord, and to be Bifhop of Ghichcjler for the Time bHng, and he is hereby authorized confecrated. and empowered to confecrate the faid Chapel, to be for ever thereafter a Chapel of Eafe to the Panfh Church of Broadwater aforefaid, and Divine Service (hall he from Time to Time for ever after performed therein according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England as by Law eltablilhed, by a perpetual Curate to be nominated and appointed in Manner herein after direcLd; and the faid Chapel and the perpetual Curate thereof (hall tor ever after be fubjed to the ordinary Jurifdidion and Vibration of the Lord Bifhop of Chtchejler for the Time being.

XXIII.	And hr it further cnrft d, That after the faid Chapel Curate to be

(hall have been confecrated in Mannrr aforefaid, the Redor of the nominated aad faid Parifh of Broadwater for the Time being is hereby empowered	in	the

and required to nominate, under his Hand and Stal, to the Lord	Chapel.

Bifhop of Chicheflcr for the Time being a fit Perfon being in Priefl's

Orders (not being himfclf the Redor of Broadwater aforefaid), who

fhail have taken a Degree in one of the Three UmveHities of Oxford

Cambridge, or Dublin, to be lieenfed to^the perpetual Curacy ot the

faid Chapel; and upon Occafion of every future Vacancy the (aid

Redor of the faid Parifh of Broadwater for the Time being fhail,

in like Manner, nominate fome ht Perfon qualified as aforefaid, to

be licenfed as aforefaid; and upon Failure of fuch Nomination the

Right of Nomination for that Term fhail hpfe to the Lord Bifhop of

Cbiehejler for the Time being, and to the Metropolitan and to thd

Crown fuccefiively, according to the Courfe ot Law in Cafes of dtc-

Rotative Benefices ; and the Right of Nomination to the faid Chapel

may be fued for and recovered, and the Incumbency thereof (hail

€eafe and be determined, in like Manner as if the Curacy of the laid	J

Chapel was a prefenutivc Vicfcrage and Benefice.	'	-	*

49 Geo. III.	R r	XXtV.



6 jo

No Marriages « Burials allowed in the faid Chapel.

RlftifrtlS

allowed.

Truftees empowered to build a new Chu^h.

C. ckv, cxvi*	49° GEQ< III.	AD.	(Sop.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, That no Marriage ihall at any Time be folemnized in the faid Chapel, nor (hall any Corpfe be buried in the faid Chapel or the Vault thereof, but that the Curate . of the faid Chapel for the Time bring may and (hall, from Time to Time, baptize all fuch Children as (hall be brought to the faid Chapel for that Purpofe during the ufual Times of performing Divine Service therein; and in order to facilitate Searches for Regiftries in the faid Parilh of Broadwater, Entries of all fuch Children, fo baptized ?t the faid Chapel, (hall be regularly made in a Regifter to be provided for that Purpofe by the Chapelwarden; and the faid Curate (hall, on the Twenty-fifth Day of larch, the Twenty-fourth Day of June, the Twenty-ninth Day of September, and the Twentv-fifh Day of December in every Year, fend to the Rtd>r of the faid Parifti of Broadwater in accurate Copy, figned by him, of all Chrifteniugs in the faid Chapel done by him the Quarter immediately preceding, and the faid Redor or his Curate (hall eaufe the fame to be tranferibed into a proper Book, to be provided for that Purpofe, and to be kept with the Regifter of the Chriftenings of the faid Pari(h ; and the faid Curate may and (hall alfo church a.l Women who may come to the faid Chapel for that Purpofe.

Cap. cxvL

An Ad for building a Church on Gatejhead,FelU in the Parifti of

Gatejhead.	"	[27th	May	1809.}

4t One Acre in Gatejhead Fell allotted for the building a Church *s thereon veiled in the Redor, and Truftees appointed for that Pur*

•• pofe, with Refervation of Mines to the Lord of the Manor. § I—17. (See Cof.cxxxv. of this SeJJion.)

XVII. And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Truftees, and they are hereby authorized and required to eaufe a new Church and Chancel, with a Piace proper for the adminiftering the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, and alfo a Tower or Steeple to be built upon the faid Piece or Parcel of Ground intended to be veiled in them by this Ad, or upon fo much thereof as may be proper, according to fuch Plan or Model, Elevation and Se&ion, of fuch Dimeniion and Materials,. and in fuch Manner, as they, the faid Truftees, (hall agree upon and dired at fome pub’ic Meeting, <o be particularly called for that Purpofe, and in which Plan of the Church and Chancel to be built in purfuance of this Ad, the Chancel (hall be diftinguifhed in fuch Manner as the faid Truftees, with theConfent and Approbation of the Biftiop of Durham. for the Time being, (hall dired, and in which Plan no Alteration (hall afterwards be made without the Confent of Ten %f the faid Truftees at leatt ; and in cafe fucb Alteration (hall in any Manner comprife pr Mate to the Chancel* 6r any Part thereof, then with the Confent of the faid Bifhop in addition to the Ten Truftees; and the faid Truftees (hall alfo in like Manner, fet out and appoint the Remainder of the faid Piece or Parcel of Ground as and for a Cemetry or Church-yard; and the faid Truftees (hall eaufe fuch Pews, Seats, Galleries, and Conveniences to be made for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants o£ the faid Diftrid, called Gatejhead Fell, and a Bell or Bells and fuch Ornaments to be ereded and fet up, and fuch pther Matters and’ Things to be done, as the faid Truftees, flrijh.thc Confent and Ap*

probation



Google

/JD.i8q9-	49*	GEO.	ITI.	C.cxvi.	611

probation of the faid Bifhop, fhall dired, in order that the faid Church and Chancel, when completed, finifhed, and furnifbed, may be con-fecrated and fet apart for the Celebration of Divine Service, the pub-Ifhing of Banns of M'rria£e, the Solemnization of Marriage, the Adminiftration of the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, and the Baptifm of Infants, and all other religious Ads, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England; and the faid Building,

Works, Matters, and Things, (hall be done by Contrad, or other-wife, fubjed to the lnfpedion and Controul of the Surveyor or Surveyors on the Part of the faid Truftees, as the faid Truftees (hall from Time to Time think proper and moft expedient to fulfil the Intention and tffed the Purpofes of this Ad.

#i Regulations as to fetting out the Pews. § 18, 19, 20,

XXI.	And be it further ensd*d, That the faid new Church and When new Chancel, (hall be completed and finifhed, ard confecrated, and be Church tob« fit for the Celebration of Divine Service, within Two Years at furtheft, comP€te** a ter laying the Foundation thereof; and that from and immediately after the laid Church and Chancel (hall be finifhed and confecrated, the fame, and the Church Yard belonging thereto, and all and Angular the MefTuagcs, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments what* foever, within and Parcel of the faid Diftrid or Trad of Waftc Land called Gatejbead Fell, Hull be from thenceforth for ever thereafter fevered and divided from the faid Parifh of Gatejbead\ and be exempted and difeharged from all Dependence thereon, and from all Power, Right, and Authority of the Redor and Parfon of the Parifh Church of GateJIoead aforefaid, for the Time being; and the faid Redory and Church hereby authorized to be built fhall be for ever thereafter a diftind and feoarate Redory and Parifh Church for the Inhabitants of the faid Diftrid or Trad of Land, called Gatejbead Fell, under the Name and Title of the Redory a^d Parifh of “ Gatejbead Felland together with the Mefluages, Lands, Tenements, Houfrs, Piaces, and Hereditaments within the faid Fell, (hail be lor ever thereafter a diftind Parifh of itfelf, and called by the Name of thr Parifh of Gatejbead Fell$ and the Inhabitants of the faid Parifh of Gatejbead Fell fhali be for tver thereafter difeharged and exempted of and from the Cure of Souls, .Power, and A uthority of the Rc&or and Parfon of the Parifh Cnurch of Gatejbead aforefaid, and the Redor and Parfon of the fame Parifh Church of Gatejbead fhall be from thenceforth for ever exonerated and difeharged from the Cure of Souls of the Inhabitants of the fa;d Parifh of Gatejbead Fell.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, Tnat the laid new Church and ThentwChurch Chancel, with the Church Yard or Ceqietry thereof, (fubjed to the m **** Refervation hereinbefore contained*, to or in Favour of the Lord e or* of the faid Manor of Gatejbead for the Time being, and his Leffee and LtfTees, and his, her, and their Executors, Admmiftrators, and Wles, Affi^ns), fhall from and immediately after the Confecrarion thereof, and from and thenceforth for ever thereafter, be veiled in the Redor of the fame Church, and his Succefiors, Redors thereof, for the Time being, the Statutes of Mortmain, or any other Laws or Statutes to the contrary notwithltanding ; and that Divine Service ac- Divine Service, cording to the Ulage of the Church of England, Banns of Marriage, Marriage, &c. the Solemnization of Marriage, the Adminiftration of the Sacrament	.

of the Lord's Supper and Baptiftn, Burials, and all other Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England fhall and may be performed,

R r 2	pubhfhcdj



Google

6l2

Bell*, &c. vrfled in Churchwardens*

Land may be given to the nevv Reflory for Glebe.

Laws concerning the Clergy extended to the Ke&ories.

300,. 3. C. 45. 39 G.3.C. u.

Penalty oo

deli roving Works.

C.cxvi—cxviii.	49? GEO* III.	A.D.1809.

publifhed, celebrated, folemnized, and adminiftered from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, in the faid new Church, Chancel, and Church Yard refpcdivdy ; and that the Churchwardens for the Time bring of the fa;d new Church, (ball be invefted with the Bells, Ornaments, Furniture, Books, Piatei Goods, and Chattels of the faid new Church.

“ No Burials (hall be in the faid new Church, nor in the Church Yard within Twelve Feet of the Church Walls. § 23. Tithes, &c. an« neved to the faid Parifh Church of Gatejhead Fell. § 24. Ri/ht u of Presentation in the B fh>p of Durham. § 25. Act not to affect' “ the Divifion of the Parifh of Gatejhead into Townfhips. § 26. “ Gatjhead Fell deemed a diliind Bmence. § 27.

XXVIII.	And be it further enadtd, That it (hall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons, or any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, at any Time or Times hereafter, to give, devife, grant, demife, or convey, to or for the life of, or in trufl for the Redor or P.trion, for the Time being, of the faid Rrdory of Gatejhead Felly and his Suc-cefTors, any Quantity of Land, not exceeaing in the whole Ten Acres, to be the Glebe belonging to the fame Redor and Parfon, and his Succtffors, whereupon a Parfonage Houfe, {hall or rmy be built or ereded by the fame Redor and Parfon, and his Succtffors, without any Licence to take or purchafe in Mortmain, and notwith-ftpndingany Law, Statute, Cuftom, or other Impediments, or DiL ability whatever.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded, That a’l the Laws <f this Realm, concerning Redories, Parifh Churches, Redors, Clergy, Churchwardens, and other Clerical and Parochial Offices, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain called England, {had be in full Force and have Effid and Operation in all Rdoeds in regard to the faid Rcdory, Patifh, and Parifh Church.of Gatejhead Fell, io like Manner, as if the fame had been originally and previoufly to the making and paffin? of the fame Laws^nd Statutes a feparate and diltind Redory, Par:fh, and Parifh Church (except as otherwife direded and efpecially enaded by this Ad.)

Application of Monies raifed, § jO;. &c. Pifblick Ad.

Cap. cxvii.	.

An Ad to amend and render more effedual Two Ads for the** Maintenance and Support of the Pier and Harbour, and paving and lighting the Town of Margatey in the County of Kent,

[27th May 1S09 1 [Dutiesgranted on Shipping, and on Goods imparted and exported

Cap* cxviii.

An Ad for better {applying with Water the Borough of Tortfmouib, and the Parifhes of Portfmouth and Portfeay and Places adjacent, in the County of Southampton.	[27th	May	1809.]

LXVIII. And be ic further enaded, That if any Perfon or P.-rfons (hail knowingly, wilfully, or malicioufly break, throw down, damage, or deflroy any Banks or other Works ereded, made, or maintained by virtue of this Ad, then and iu every fuch Cafe every fucb Per-

foa



Google

A.D.1809.	49*	GEO.	III.	C. cxviii—cxx.	<613

fon fhall be judged guilty of Felohy, and the Court by and before . whom fuch Per fon or Perfons (hall be tried and convifted (hall hate Power and Authority to caufc fuch Perfon or Perfons to be transported for the Term of Sevtn Years, or fucb Court may award any other Sentence as the Law dirt&s in Cafes of Petit Larceny.

Cap. cxix.

An Act for effefting the Drainage and Imorovement of the L*nJs See former AA and Grounds lying in the late Great Common in Sutton Saint 27G. 2.C.19. Edmund s, within the Parifh of Sutton Saint Mary otherwife Long t Sutton, in the .County of Lincoln ai,d for authorizing the Drainage and Improvement of tie L?nds and Grounds lying in the late Little Common in Sutton Saint Edmund's aforefaid.

[27th May 1809 ]

LI. And be it further enafted, That if anv Perfon or Perfons PnnHhing (hall at any Time hereafter wilfully and malicioudy deilroy or i jure Perfons df flroy-aoy Mill, Engine* Bridge, Floodgate, Tunnel, Sluice, Doors, Banks, :,,5 Works, or other Works which fhdl at any Time be making or erefting, or made, erefted, or ufed by or under the Authority of the faid Commifiioners for the Drainage and Improvement of the faid Lands and Grounds, or any of them, and (hall be thereof convifted on the O th of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, or on Confefiion of the Party or Partin fo offending, at any Afftzes or General Quarter Srflions of the Peace to be holden ip and for the County, lJle, Junfdiftion, Parts, or Divifion where theOffeoce (hall be committed, every fuch Perfon (hall be adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and (hall be tranfported for the Term of S&ven Years, ?r fhall otherwife be punilbed as the Law direfts in Cafes of Petit Larceny.

Cap. cxx.

An Act for embanking, inclofing, and draining Lands within the •

Parifti of Fri/keney, in the County of Lincoln. . [27th May 1809.J]

LIX. 4 And, for preventing the breaking down, deftroyipg qr * damaging ar.y of the Works which (hall be made or altered inpur- daujaeingany 4 fuance of this Aft» or otherwife obllrufting the Execution pt tl\e Wo*k«,br 4 fame be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully or maiicioufly demoli(h> pull	Aft,"

*down, break, fpoil or otherwife deftroy any Drain, Bank, .OWfet,'

Sluice, Gowtj Clough, Bridge, Tunnel or other Works, which ihail

at any Time or Times hereafter be made or erefted for the Pur-	>

fpofes of this Aft, all and every Perfoq or Perfons fo offending,

being thereof lawfully convifted, (hall be iubjeift and liable to the

like Pains and Penalties as in Cafes of Felony; and the Court by

and before whom fuch Perfon or perfons (hall be tried and convifted^ <■

fhall have Power and Authority to caofe ,fuch Perfon or Perfons tp

be puni(l\ed infuch Manner as Felons are .$refted,,to be puuifhed.by

the Laws and Statutes of this Pea!m, or the Court.may and

hereby empowered, if they fhall think fit, in. Mitigation qf fuch

Punifhment, to aw^rd and uqpofe fuqh Fine pr Jmpriiopiiiejit as facty

Court fhall judge-.expedient.	f

R r 3	Gtt£.



Google

C. cxxi—cxxiii.

A’D.iSopw

tnG. 5. e. 41. 30 G. 3. c. 68.

Recital of Stat. 17 G. 3. c.26. 47 G, 3. ft. 1. c. xxx4 and 47 G.a.ft.a. c.lxxxvii.— Grants and Memorials of Annuities, granted to the Globe Infuranee Company ihall be fufficient, if f'xprefled to be for the I benefit of the Company; as if the Names of all the Members were fpccified.

49° GEO. HI.

Cap, cxxi.

An Act for making, and keeping in Repair a Road or Paflage for Horfes on the Banks of the River Severn, between a certain Pace at Coalbrcoke Dale to and above the JYelJh Bridge in the Town of Shrewjbury. in the County of Salop, tor hauling and drawing Vcffels along the faid River.	[27th	May 1809.3

Cap. cxxii.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Aft patted in the Thirtieth Year of His prelent Majefty, for better fupplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Water, and for more effcftually lighting and cleanfing the Streets and other Places within the (aid Town and Neighbourhood, and for removing and preventing Nuifances and Annoyances therein ; and for ereftiog a Court Houfe and Prifon for the Borough of Leeds) and for widening and improving the Streets and Paffages in the faid Town.	[27th May 1809.3

Cap. cxxiii.

Ait Aft to alter and explain Two Afts to enable the Globe In-furance Company to fue in the Name of their Treafurer, and to inrol Annuities.	[27th May 1809.3

*	And Whereas Doubts have arifen whether the faid recited Afts of

*	the Forty-feventh Year of His prefent Majefty are in all Refptfts 4 etteftual for the Purpofes for which the fame were intended ;

*	wherefore, for obviating and removing fuch Doubts/ May it pleafe Your Majefty, That it may be en'^fted, and be it enafted, and declared by the King's mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this pefent Parliament affembltd, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and immediately after tht palling of this Aft, in all Agreements, Covenants. Contrafts, Bonds, Obligations, Warrants, Judgments, Grants, Charges, Surrenders, Fines, Recoveries, Conveyances, and other AiTurances whaifotver, by which any An^ nuity or yearly Rent hath been, or Ihall be fold, limited, or other-wife allured to, or in truft for, or for the Benefit of the faid Society or Partnerlhip called ** The Globe Infuranee Company or to any Perfon or Perfcns afting for, or on the Behalf of the faid Society or Partnerfhip, or by which any Annuity or yearly Rent hath been* or fhall be granted, fold, hmited. or otherwife allured by the faid Society or Partnerlhip, called “The Globe Infuranee Company,” or by any Perfon or Perfons afting for, or on the Behalf of the faid Society or Partnerlhip ; and in all Memorials of the faid AiTurances rcfpeftivdy, the Names of the Members of the faid Society or Part-nerlhip, and of all the Perfons interefted in the fame, or afting on the Part or Behalf of the laid Members, or other Perfons, or any of them, or for whom they or any of them are Truftees, fhall, for all the Purpofes of the faid Aft of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, be confidertd to be fufficietitly mentioned, cx-Jpreffed, and Contained within the Provilions of the faid Aft of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His phrfent Majefty, and the tnie latent and Meaning of the fame, iff in the AiTurances or any one of

the

 v^ooQle

A.D. 1809.	49°	GEO.	III.	C.cxxni—cxxvii.	61	j

the Afiurances, by which fuch Annuities or Rents refpeftively (hall be fold and fccured, and in the Memorials of the fame refpeftivtly, it is or lhall be exprefTed, or appears, or (hall appear, that the Annuity or yearly Rent fo granted, fold, limited or otherwife allured, is thereby granted, fold, limited, or otherwife allured by the faid Society or Partnerlhip, or to or for the Benefit of the faid Society or Partner-fhip as the Cafe may be, and that the Confideration for the feme is paid, advanced, or given to, or by, or on the Behalf, or on the Account of the faid Society or Partnerlhip, as the Cafe roay be 5 and thereupon, (the other Requifites of the faid Aft of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His faid Majdly being complied with), the faid Deeds and Allurances, and the Memorials of the fafie (hall be as valid, and effectual, to all Intents, Effects, Conftruftione, and Pur-pofes w liar foever, as if the Names of all the Members of the faid Society or Partnerlhip, and of all the Perfons ioterefted in the faid Society or Partnerlhip, or reprefented by them, or for, or on the Behalf of whom they, or any of them have afted, or been Truftees, or paid or advanced, or given the Money, or other Confideration for the faid Annuities, or (hail aft or be Truftees, or pay or advance, of give the Money or other Confideration for the faid Annuities, were llated in the faid Allurances and Memorials refpeftively, in the Manner preferibed by the faid Aft.

<r Provifions of this Aft extended to the Company, whether compofed ** of the prefent or future Members, § 2. This Aft lhali not mcor-iC poratethe Society, §3. Pubtick Aft § 4.

Cap. exxiv.

An Act to alter and explain Two Afts for enabling the Pelican Life 47 G. 3. ft. 1, lnfurance Company to fue in the Name of their Secretary, and c.xxxiii. to inrol Annuities.	[27th	May	1809.]

[See Cap. cxxiii. of this SeJJton.~\

Cap. exxv.

An Act to alter and explain Two Afts for enabling the Albion 47 G. 3. ft. t. Fire and Life lnfurance Company to fue in the Name of their «.»». Secretary, and to enrol Annuities.	[27th	May	1809.]

Cap. cxxiii. of this SeJ/um.]

Cap* exxvi.

An Act for widening and altering Ottfe Bridge over the River Oufey and Fofs Bridge over the River Fofst in the City of Tork; for widening, raifiog, and improving certain Streets, Lanes, and PalTages leading and near to the faid Bridges; and for making certain other Improvements in th« faid City.	[27th	May	1809.3

Cap. cxxvii.	*

An Act for confolidating and Uniting the Powers of feveral Afts 94	49,

palled for amending feveral Roads near the Borough of Ajhburt&i 1 G. 3, c. 34. and the Town of Newton Bujheil, and from or near the North 16G.3.C. 79. Side of the Town of Totnefs towards AJhburton aforefaid, for building 4*	3*c*jj®

% Bridge acrofs the River Dart, at or near a Place called Emmett, in

^ r 4	the	43 G.a*e

 v^ooQle

6i6

Q. cxxvii—c*xxiv.	490 Geo. III.	AJD.1809U

the County of Devon, and for amending and improving the (aid fevcrai Roads. (b)	[2.7th May 1809.3

Cap. cxxviii.

42 G. 3. c. bull. An A61 for continuing, explaining, and amending an Aft pafied in the Forty-fecorid Year of His preLnt Majefty, for repairing and improving the Roads leading from ihe Stouts fend in Kent Street9 in the Parifh of Saint George Southwark, to Darlford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and' Surrey. (a)

[27th M. y 1809.3

Cap. cxxix.

An Act for jnclofing ,Lands in the Parifh of Bettws-dlergele, in the County .of Denbigh, (q. P.)	[27th	May 1809.]

** Allotment to the King in Satisfaftion and Extinction of his Rights “ in the	22.	. Extraft of the Award rofpefting fuch Alloment

M to be traofmittcd to the Surveyor-General of the Lund Revenue of u the Crown* j 28. Surveyor General may fell the King’* Allot.

mentP. ^ 35V Saving of the King's Rights as to Mines, Seignories V and Royalties. § 44, 45*1	:

, ' Cap.. exxx.

An Act for inclof rg Lands in the Parifh of Caerwys, in the County . of Flint, (q. P.)	^	[27^^/^1829.3

“ Like Allotments to the King, and like Provifions as to his Rights u as in Cap. cxxix.

Cap. cxxxi.

An Act for inclofing Lands, in^the parifh of Eaton, in the County . . .. r	of JKuttmghqm. (q. P.)v-	•	[27th	May 1809.3

“ AUotm^n^s gpd Cs^penfetfipn fo lieurof Tithes, § 21, &c.

Cap. qtxxi*. ,

An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Woodjlone, in the County of Huntingdon, (q. P.)	[27th	May 1809.3

, *	•,	.	.	\	&	Fo^iteftkingtCon^enfationfor	Tfthesi	§	21,	&c.

r ■	Cap.	cxxxiiy.

An Act for inclofing Lao.&s ,in [the Parifh of fling’s Clijfe, in the County of Northampton. (q. P.)	[27th	Tlfoy 1809.3

€( Allotments and Compenfation for tithes, § 12, &c\ Allotment to .the qs Ipord qfjfce Itfappr of Kmg9’s Cliff*. § 16 Extraft of Aw^rd xo trapfinitt^d to Surveyor?General's Office, §35. Savipg fpr the	Rjgh$	of	Paftu*e for J)ee/ kept m the Fore it

** qf Racjihigham, apd jiie Right,of hunting IW»<§ 38.

•j

Cap. cxxxiv.

An Act for inclofing Lands in the Totfnfhip of Cadeby and Parifh of Spotb&roughy in the County of (q. P<)	'	[ayth	May tBo9.‘3

& Allotment to HisMajefty as Lord df the JJopour of Xiclbill, § 12, 41 and for certain Chief Rents, J 25.

I	Qap.

 LjOOQle

AJ3.1609.	490	GEO.	IIL	C.'cxxxv—cxxxlx.	fftuj

Cap. cxxx*.

An Afl for iticldSng Lands in the Parifh of Gcitejlsead, in the County of Durham. (q. P.)	[zjtn	May	1809.]

Cap. cx£xvi.

An Act for iivcloOng Lands in the Parifh of Glatton-*witb-Holme, in the County of Huntingdon* (q. P.)	[27th	May	1809.3

'	“	Allotment	aud	Compenfation	for	Tithes,	§	20.

Cap. cxxxvii.

An Act for the Application of the Purch?fe Money of certain Lands, 4Cq. 3.C.105.

taken from the Pbffcffions of t'ne See cr Windhejlcr, under the Pro-. vifions of an Aft of the Frty-fixTh Yeir of Hh prefent Majelty, intituled, An Ad for* 'vejting certain Mcjfuages, Lands. Tenements,

* Qnd Hereditaments in *J rujlees, for belter fecuring His Majejly's Docks,

Ships, and Stores at Portimouth, and for extending the IVorks and Lines at Dover*	Cdd	J	809#^

Cap cx^xviii.

An Act for enabling the Kennet and Avon Canal Company to raife a 34 G. 3. e. 90. fqfftcieot Sum of Money to complete the faid Canal, and for 36G. 3.c. 44. amending the feveral Afts for making the fame, [3d June 1809.] 33 G‘3'

45 G. 3. c.beau

Cap. cxxxipc.

An Act for erefting a new Gaol and Houfe of Correftion, and oq«r Courts of Jultice, in and for the County Palatine of Durham, and purchafing proper Seizes for the fame; and for difpoting of the old Gaol and Houle of Correftion and CourtR ot Jo dice there ; and making an qqpal County.Rate for thofe Purpofes.

[3d June 1809.]

XLI. And be it. further enaftsd, That if 'any* Perfpn or P Yfon* pun;ftiin?

Jhall wilfully and maliciouflv break, pull down, or in any Mu ner perfons damage damage or deftroy .t^.c laid jQaol, Houfe of Correftion, and Court in? Gourt Houfes or Buddings, fo to be respectively erefted and built, repaired, Houfes, Gaol, maintained, lupported provided, or purchafed as aforefa’d, or any of \hem, or any Part or Part- thereof refpeftivcly, or any ol the Appurtenances thereunto belonging, fuqh Pcrfon or Pcrfons being lawfully c6nvift*rd thereof (hail be adjad red .guilty of Felony , and the Court before’whom fuch Pcrfon or Pcrfons (hail be tried, (hall have full Power and Authority either to order fuch Pcrfon or Pcrfons to be tranfported for the Term of ^. ven Years,’ to fuch Place, and in fuch Manner as other Fcloqs are direfted to be tranfported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or to fuffer fuch Corporal Punifhmect, or be punifhed by Fine, Imprifonm nt, or otherwifc, as to the Court before whom fuch Pcrfon or Pcrfons is or are fo tried (hall feetn proper to order or in did ; and the Juftices of the Peace for the laid County of Durham affembled in their General Quarter Seflion3, or atapy Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, to order fuch (Offender or Offenders as aforcfaid to be profecuted ,by Indiftmeut or fndiftments at the Afiizes for the County of Durham, and to dir^ft the Expenses bf fuch Profecutions to be paid by the Treafurer or Treafurers of the faid County for the Time being, out of the Publick

Stock



C. cxxxlx—cilu.	49* GEO- IIL	A.D.180^.

Stock and General County Rates of and for the faid County; and in every fuch Indi&ment or Indidments, fnch Gaol, Houfe of Cor-redion, and Court Houfe or Court Houfes, or other Building or Buildings, (hall refpedively be alledged and defcribed, and deemed and taken to be the Gaol, Houfe of Corredion, and Court Houfe or Court Houfea, or Building or Buildings refpcdivtly (as the C»fe may happen) of “ The Judices of the Peace for the County of Dur-ham” without particularly dating or fpecifyiag the Name or Names of all or any of the faid JudiceF.

Cap. cxi.

An Ad for paving, cleanfing, lighting, watching, and otherwife improving the Streets and other rubiick Paffages and Places in the Town and Borough of Ofwtflry, m the County of Salop*

[3d June iSop.]

Cap, cxli.

An Ad for the more eafy and fpeedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parifh of Merthyr Tidjll, and other Places therein mentioned, m the Counties ot Glamorgan, Brecon, and Monmouth.

[3	1809.]

[JuriftRSion 5/. No Privilege to Attomies 3

frnaky on Mbroyiag Woib, &c. Ftfejqf.

T^at tht Bsictge jftaJEE b«r deemwf mWiB M ld-•lfclex and



•Cap. cxlH.

An Ad for building a Bridge acrofs the River Thames, from or near Fauxhall T urn pike, in the Parifh of Saint Mary Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, to the oppofite Shore, in the Parifh of Saint John* in the Oty and Liberty of Wejlmtnjler, and County of Mid* dlefex, and for making convenient Roads thereto.

[3d June 1809.3

w Vauxhall Bridge Company incorporated; empowered to raife 44 200,coo/. additional it neeeffary ; 30,000/. Sterling to be inverted 44 in the 3 per Cents. for the Purports of the Ad before any Lands 44 (ball be purchafed, or Works begun. *

CXIX. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfcm or Perfoos fhaft wilfully and malicioufly, and to the Prejudice of the faid Undertaking, break, throw down or deltroy any of the Works to be ereded and made by virtue of this Ad, every fuch Perfon (hall be judged guilty of Felony, and every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convided, (hall be fubjed to the like Punifb* ments and Penalties as in Cafes erf Felony ; and the Court by or before whom fuch Perfon (hall be tried and convi&cd, (hall have Power and Authority to caufe fuch Perfon to be punifhed in like fanner as Felons are dirtded to be punifhed by the Laws and Statutes of this Reaitrr; or in Mitigation of fuch Punifhment, fuch Court may award fuch Sentence as the Law dirt&s in Cafes of Petty Larceny.

CXX. 4 And, «r order to remove all Doubts where and beforf 4 whom Offences commuted on the faid Bridge (hall and may be

♦	cognizable, and how and by whom the Offenders in fuch Cafes

*	may be punifhed ;* Be it further enaded, That the Half of the faid Bridge, wlun buiit, next adjoining to the City and Liberty

 v^,ooQle

,^JD.iSo9«	49° GEO. III., TC. cxlil—cxlvi.	6tp

of Wefiminffer, (hall be (kerned to be in the City and Liberty of IVefiminfier and County of Middle fix, and Part of and in the Parifli of Saint John Wejbninjler, and the other Half of the (aid Bridge adjoining to the County of Surrey, (hall be deemed to be in the faid County of Surrey, and Part of aod in the Parifli of Saint Mary Lambeth, but fuch Bridge (hall not be deemed or taken to be a County Bridge, fo at to fubjeft the faid City or Liberty of Weft* ninjtcr or Counties of Middlefex or Surrey» or any of the Pariflvet or Places hcrein-before mentioned, or either of them, to the repairing or fupporttng ef the fams9 or any of the Roads herein direfted to be made as aforefaid.

Cap. cxliii.

An Act for taking down and re-building the Whole or Part of a certain Bridge called Wallingford Bridge, in the Borough of WaJ-ling ford, rn the County of Berks% and for opening* widening, and improving the Atenues or Approaches to the faid Bridge.

[3d June 1809.]

„ XLV. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons Penalty on

(hall wilfully and raalicioufly blow up, pull down* or deftroy the faid Perfons iujiaaqg

Bridge, or the faid temporary Bridge, or any Part thereof refpeftively

for any Toll Houfe or Tollgate to be erefted or fet up upon or near

the faid Bridges or either of them, or any of the Works, Buildings,

or Ereftions made in purfuance of this Aft. or caufe or procure or

direft the fame to be done, every Perfon fo offending, on being con-

vifted thereof, (hall be deemed guilty of Felony, and the Court before

whom fuch Perfon (hall be tried and convifted (hall have Power and

Authority to caufe fuch Perfon or Perfons to be trardported for the

Term of Seven Years, or may, in mitigation of fuch Punifhment, pro*

nounce fuch Sentence as the Law direfts in cafes of Petit Larceny.

Cap. cxliv.

An Act for taking down and re-building certain Parts of North Bridge an<f Tick ford Bridge, in the Parities of Newport Pagnell and Lath-hitryf in the County of Buckingham, and for widening and making more commodious the faid Bridges* and the Approaches thereto.

[34 June 1809.]

Cap. cxlv.

An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford to Abbots Bromley, and from ; Bagots Bromley to the prefent Turnpike Road at or near Shirley Wichi in the utid County. (b)	[3d June 1809.]

Cap. cxlvi.

An Act for enlarging the Terra and Powers of an Aft of His as (B.p.c. 109. prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Carmarthen to Lampeter font JUphen, in the County of Cardigan, and other Roads in the faid Aft mentioned, fo far as the fame relate to the Car-marthen Dill rift of Roads, and for confolidating in the fame Aft and Truft certain other Roads in the faid County of Carmarthen. (c)

£3<1 June 1809.J





/

C.r-cxlvii~cllv,	49°	GEO.	IH.	A.B.	itop.

Cap* cxlvii.

An Act for making and repairing a Road from Soho Hill, in the Parifh of Handfworfh, to the WalfallTurnpike 'Road, on the Northern Side of Hamjlead Bridge ; and alfo another Road from Brown's Green to a Houfe called The Friary, all in the County of Stafford. (5)

[3d	1809.1

Cap. cxlviii.

A<5 for yelling the fettled and other Eflates pf Pierfon Foote.Efquife, in the Parifh of Caijloci!*, in the Qounty of Cornwall in Trudtes upon truft, to fell and to ftand pofTeffed of the Money arifing from the Sale thereof, upon the Trufts therein mentioned, (q. P*.)	[3d	June	1809,]

*	*	Cap.	c*lix.

An AS for enabling .the Minifter. and ,Churchwardens pf the Parifh of AlUxailo'ivf Barkirg, in the pity of fondon? to grant a Leafe of certain L-fiates belonging to the fame Parifh, purfuant to an Agreement ei^ered into for.that Purpofe (q* P,)

:/	.	;	,	:	‘	.	,	.	June	1809.3

, .	Cap.	cl.

An A& for inclofing Land&mthe Hamfet and Chop^Iry of Wheatley, in the Parifh of Cuddefdew,; in the County of Oxford, (q. P.)

; '	-	■	,T	[3d	June	1809	}

“ Allotments ana tSmpenfation for Tithes. $ 23.

./	c?p-	cI,; . ,

An A& for inclofing Lands in the Parifh Hayes, in the County of Middlefex, and for, extj^gtiifhing the TUbcs in the (aid Panfh.

(q.P)	‘	[3d	ISO*}

“ Compenfations for Tithes by Corn Rents. § 20, &c.

Cap. clii.

A*1 A£t for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Maxey with Deep-ingate, Northborovghi Glintoa with Peakirk, Etthn, and Keifjlone, m , the County of Northampton, (q. P.)	[3d	June 1809.]}

u Allotments and Compenfations in lieu of Tithes. § 22, &c.

Cap. cJiii.

An A& for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Shctbdon, Ayrnflrcy* and Lingeu, in the County of Hereford, and for exfciugu'fhing Tithes in thofe Parifhes. (q. P.)	[3d	June	1809.]}

Compenfation for Tithes-by Corn Rents. § 19, &c.

4Cap. cliv*.

An A& for inclofing Goring Common, or Goring Heath% and certain * Wafte Lands, in the Parifh of Goring, in the County of Oxford, (q.P.)	•	#	[3d	June	1&9.]

“ Allotment for Tithes, § 23, &c.

Cap.



A.D. 1809.	490	GEO. III.	C.	clvydvi*

Cap. civ.

An Act for continuing * the Term of, and altering and amending an Aft, pafTed in the Forty fifth Year of His prefect Majelty, for repealing two A&9 of Hts late Majefty, for the Regulation of Laftage and Ballaftage in the River Thames, and to make more cffeftual Regulations relating thereto.	£ioth	June	1809.3

Cap. clvi.

An Act to alter and amend fev-ral Afts palled in the Fortieth Forty-fourth, Forty-fifth, Forty-fixtb, and Forty-feventh Years of Hie prelent Majefty, for making Wet Docks, B-.fons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, an.i Revenue, within the Port of London, and for other the Ptirpofes therein mentioned relating thereto, and to enlarge the Powet-s and Authorities by the faid Afts granted to the London Dock Company.	fioth	June	1809.]

Thirteen Direftors empowered to m?.ke Contrafts for purchafing Houfes, &c. § 1. Conveyance by Feme Coverts, &c. valid. §2. “ All Meffuages, &c. purchafed, veiled in the London Dock Corn-“ pany. § 3. Contrafts made before the pailLig of this Aft declared “ valid. § Power to fell, let, or demile P-emifes. § g.

VI.	* And Whereas divers Obftruftior.s have been given to Con-

*	{fables, Watchmen, and other Perfons appointed by the faid Com-

• par.y in the Exercife of their Duty	Be'it therefore further enafted, That if any Perfon or Pcrfons whomfoever lhall at any Time hereafter in any Way obftruft, or be aiding or abetting any other Perfon oY Perfons in obftrufting in the Execution of his Duly or Employment, any Confiable, Watchman, or other Perfon thereto appointed by, or having lnftruftions in Writing in that Behalf from the Directors of the faid Company, or from the Superintendant jof the faid Docks or from the Dock Mailers, or One of the Dock Mailers of the faid Company for the Time being, from or in going on board, or entering into or upon, or being in or upon any Ship, Veffcl, Lighter, Boat, or other Craft, for the Purpofe of fearching for or extid-guifhing any Fire. Candle, or Light being orfufpefted to be therein * contrary to any Provilion contained in any of the faid recited Afts, or this Aft, or contrary to any Order, Rule, or Regulation made by virtue of any of the faid recited Afts or this Aft, or for the Purpofe of difeovering any Theft or Embezzlement committed or fufptfted to have been committed in or about fuch Ship, Veffel, Lighter, Boar, or other Craft, or for the Purpofe of quelling any Riot or Dillurbance therein, or for any other Purpofe authorized by ■any of the faid recited Aft* or this Aft, or by any fuch Order, Rule, or Regulation as aforefaid, every Perfon fo offending (hall for every (fuch Offence forfeit and pay a Penalty not exceeding Five Pound?, at the Difcrction of the Juftice or Jnftices before whom the Perfon or Perfons fo offending lhall be convifted, fuch Penalty or Penalties to be recovered by Diilrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, in like Manner as other Penalties created by any of the faid recited Afts ; and if any Dog or Dojs (hall at any fuch Time be found loofe on board any fuch Ship, Vcffel, Lighter, Boat, or other Craft, contrary to any fuch Order, Rule, or Regulation or lnftruftions, as (hall be made in that Behalf

'	*	‘	"	by

6xr

45 G. 3. c.xcvSi.

* Until the Firjl Day ef Augujt 1320* &c.

39 & 40 G.S. c. xivii.

44 G. 3. c. 100.

44	G. S.ceiil

45	G. 3. c. Ivin.

46	G. 3. c*. lnu

47	G.3.ft.2.c.v<r

Penalties on Perfons obftru&ir^ Conftables, &c, in going on board Ships or Veffels in the Docks, &c.

 v^ooQle

c.clvi.	4$>6	GEO.	lit	A.fi.x8o9»

by the Dire&ors of the faid Comjpany, or by the Superintendant of the faid Docks, or by the Dock Matters of the faid Company, or any One of them, for the Time being1, as herein-before mentioned, the Matter or other Perfon having the Charge or Command of fuch Ship or Veffel, and the Perfon or Perfons having the Charge of fuch Lighter, Boat, or other Craft, (hail for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, to be re* covered in Manner as afortfaid.

VII.	1 And Whereas farther Powers and Provifions are found to.

*	be neceffary refpe&ing the keeping of Fire*, Candies and Lamps on

•	board Ships and other Veffcb in the faid Docks;* ^e it further enaded, That no Perfon whomsoever (hall have or keep, or caufe to be h&d or kept any Fire, Candle or Lamp lighted, on board aay Ship or other Veflel within the Docks or other Works of the faid Company, at any Time or Times after the Hour of Four in the Evening, nor before the Hour of Seven in the Morning, between the Twenty-ninth Day of September and the Twenty fixth D*y of March in every Year, nor before the Hour of Five in the Morning between the Twenty-fifth Day of March and the Thirtieth Day of September in every Year, nor on board any Ship or other Veflel within the Docks or other Works of the faid Company, having on board the fame any Tar, Pitch, Rofin, Hemp, Flax, Faggots, Furze, Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Oil, Hay, Straw, Tallow, Greafe, Shavings of Wood, or Combuttible Matter whatfoever of any Kind during any Part of the Time which fuch Ship or other Veffel (hail he actually delivering or taking in her Cargo, upon pain of forfeiting for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pound?, to be recovered as aforefaid, unlefs the having of fuch Fire, Candle, or Lamp fo lighted, (hall be with the Permiflion in Writing of the Pire&ors of the faid Company, or of the Superintendant of the faid Docks, or of the Dock Matter?, or One of the Dock Matters of the faid Company tor the Time being for that Puipofe firft had and obtained.

VIII.	‘And Whereas by the faid A & patted in the Fortieth

*	Year of His prefent Majc tty’s Reign, it is cna&ed. That in cafe 4 the Owner, Matter, Pilot, Servant or other Perfon having the

*	Care of any Ship or other Vtffcl, (hall refufe or negled to moor,

4 unmoor, move or remove the fame, according to the Direction of 4 the Dock Matter or Dock Matters of the faid Company, within 4 Twelve Hours after Notice to him or them given in Writing, or left 4 with fomc Perlon or Perfons on board the faid Ship or Veffel for 4 that Purpofe, that then it (hould be lawful for the faid Dock Matter 4 or Dock Matters, or his or their Afliilaots, and 1 e or they were by 4 the faid Adt required to moor, unmoor, move, or remove fuch Ship 4 or Veffel, and the Charges and Expences thereof refpedively were 4 thereby diri&ed to be repaid, together with the Sum of* Ten 4 Pounds for each Offence, by the Matter or Owner of fuch Ship or 4 Veffel, and to be recovered or paid over in the Manner therein men-4 tionea ; and in cafe any Matter, Commander, Mate, Pilot, or other 4 Perfon or Perfons having the Command of any Ship or other 4 Veffel, or the Owner, Agent, Confignt*, or any other Perfon or 4 Perfons whomfoever, (hould obllru& or hinder the mooring, un-4 mooring, moving, or removing of any Ship or other Vtffcl, fuch 4 Pcrfoa or Perfons lhouid for every fuch Oifcuce forfeit the Sum of

• Tea



62 J.

A.D41809.	49° GEO. III.	C,	clvi.

•	Ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as therein mentioned 1 4 And Whereas the faid Time of Twelve Hours after filch Notice as

•	a fore fat d, allowed by the faid Ad for complying with fuch Diredioit 4 of the Dock Matter or Dock Matters as aforefaid, has been found 4 by Experience to be inconvenientBeit therefore further enacted, * Removal of That from and after the patting of this Ad, the faid fcveral Provi- Ships, &c. fall fions, Penalties, Matters, ar.d Things in the faid Ad contained, (hall be made within attach and take cffed after One Hour from the Time of fuch Notice One Hour alter being given as -aforefaid, in the fame Manner to all Intents and Pur- n^yT pofes as the fame attach and take tffett by virtue of the faid Ad,

after Twelve Hours from the Time of iuch Notice being given as aforefaid.

IX.	And be it further enaded. That in all Cafes where any Pe- Treafurermvy nalty or Penalties, Forfeiture or Forfeitures impofed by any of the make Demand faid recited Ad* or this Ad is or are made recoverable after the fame forPanalua*. (hall be demanded, it fhall and may be lawful for the Treafurer of

the faid Company for the Time being, or any Perfon or Perfons by him authorized in Writing under his Hand for that Purpofe, to make filer* Demand; and all Demands fo made fhall be deemed good and fuffhient to all InteHts and Purpofesj any Thing to the contrary in anywife notwithllanding.

X.	4 And Whereas by the faid Ad patted in the Fortieth Year 4 of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, it is enaded, That all Penal-r ties and Forfeitures by the faid Ad impofed, concerning which no 4 particular Diredioft had been therein already given, (hould, if the

•	fame fhould not be paid within Fourteen Days after the fame fhould 4 b« demanded, be recovered and levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the 4 Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under 4 the Hands and S^als of any Two or more Juftices of the Peace 4 for the County of Middlefex, which Warrant they were thereby cm-4 powered and required to grant upon the Information of One or more 4 credible Witneflea upon Orth before them made, which Oath they 4 were thereby empowered to adminitter; and in cafe no fuch Diftrefs 4 as aforefaid could be had, then it fhould be lawful for the faid Two 4 or more Juftices, by like Warrant or Warrants, to commit the 4 Party or Parties offending to the Common Gaol of the County of 4 Middlefex or Houfe of C rredioo, for the Space of Ten Days, with*

4 out Bail or Mainprize, or for any lefs Time at the Difcretion of 4 fuch Jultices, unitfs the faid Penalties and Charges fhould be fooner 4 paid and fadsfied: And Whereas the faid Powers and Proviiions 4 have been extended to the faid other recited Ads: And Whereas 4 it is expedient that in certain Cafes the faid Powers fhould be given

4 to Oae Juttice of the Peace ;* Be it therefore further ena&ed. That Penalties not all Penalties and Forfe’tures, not exceeding Ten Pounds, impofed by seeding id. any of the faid recited Ads or this A d, concerning which no particular Direction hath been given, may be recovered and levied in the Manner and Form direded by the faid j^<£t patted in the Thirty-ninth and For- ' tirth Year cf His prefent Majority's R-ign as aforefaid, before and by One Juttice of the Peace for the County of Middle/}*e; and all the faid Powers and Provtfions therein given and made to, and refpefting Two or more Jultices of the Peace for the faid County, as well re-la ng to the Recovering, Levying, Diftribution, and Mitigation of Penalties and Forfeitures, as refptding the Commitment of any Party or Parties attending, and aifo the Form of Conviction in the faid

2	Ad



Google

624	C.	clvi«-—clviii.	490 GEO. TIL	A^D.1809#

Buildings within furrounding Walls of the Docks (hall not be fubjedt to Provifions of 14 G.3. c. 78.

Adt mentioned, Ihali and may be ufed, exerciffcd and put iri force by One Jultice of the Peace for the faid County ; any Thing herein or therein contained to the contrary notwith(landing.

XI.	‘ And Whereas in purfuance of the faid Adi palled in the

*	Fortieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majetty* the Dfredlors 4 of the faid London Dock Company have made a Dock to be ufed for

*	the unloading of Ships, together with Quays, and other Building9 4 upon or near the Banks thereof, within the feveral Pirilhes in the 4 County of Middiefex mentioned in the faid Aft of the Fortieth Year 4 of His prefent Majefty, and have furrounaed and inclofed the fame 4 by a flrong and durable Wall not lefs than Twenty Feet high on 4 all Sides, according to the Diredlions cf the laid Adi, and fuch 4 Wall is not built within Thirty Feet of any furrounding Buildings *

4 or the Margin or Boundary of any Ground occupied by Buildings 4 And Whereas it is provided by the faid Adi that no Houfe or 4 other Building fhali be eredled on the outfide of the faid Wall, nor 4 any Building fuffered to remain Handing within Thirty Feet there-4 from, which Provifion hath been complied with, and various other 4 Precautions have been taken in eredling the Buildings of the faid 4 Company to prrvent Mifchiefby Fire;* Be it further enadled, Tdat from and after the palling of this Adi, the feveral Rules and Regulations contained in a certain Adi of Parliament, palled in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His prefent M^jellv, intituled, An A3 for the further nnd better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, an A for the more ejfedually preventing Mifchiefs by Fire within the Cities of London and We'tmmller, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Parifbes9 PrecinBiy and Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Pari/bes of Saint Mary4e*bone, Paddington, Saint Pancras and Saint Luke Cbelfea in the County of Middldex, and for indemnifying under certain Conditions, Builders and other Perfons againjl the Penalties to which they are or may be liable for ereBing Buildings within the Limits aforefaid, contrary to Law, (hail not extend or be conllrucd to extend to any Buildings of the faid Company eredled or to be ercdled within (he faid Wall, ty virtue of the faid recited Adis or this Adi.

44 Powers, &c. of former Adis extended to this Adi. § 12. Adi 44 lhall not compel Parties to fell. § 13. Publick Adi. § 14.

Cap. clvii.

sG. 1.	An	Adi	for	amending	an	Adi for better fupplying the City and

Liberties of IVeJImhijler, and Parts adjacent, with Water, and for enlarging the Powers thereof.	[10th June 1809.]

44 Governor and Company of Cbelfea Water Works allowed, with 44 Leave of the Corporation of London, to cut the Bank of the River 44 Thames below Low Water Mark, and lay Pipes therein. § l» See.

Cap. clviii.

An Adt for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from* the Summit of the Hill above Churchway Engine, in the Foreft of Dean, in the County of GlouceJler% to a certain Place in the faid Foreft called Cinderford Bridge.	fioth June 1809.3

[The Bullo Pill Railway Company incorporated.J

xxxy.



A.D.i8c9*	4$c	GEO.	IH.	C. dviii—clxii.	625

XXXV, And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon (hall wil- Penalty oa fully, malicioufly, and to the Prejudice of the faid Undertaking, break, throw down, deftroy, deal, or take away any Part of the faid * g,*‘ Railway or Tram-Road, or other Works to be erected and made by

virtue of this A A every Perfon fo offending and being thereof lawfully convifted, (hall be fubjeft and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cafes of Felony 5 aitd^he Court by and before whom fuch Perfon (hall be tried and convifted, (hall have Powtr and Authority to caufe fuch Perfons to be punifhed in like Manner as Felons are direfted to be punifhed by the Laws or Statutes of this Realm, or in Mitigation of fuch Punifhment fuch Courts may, if th-y (hall think fit, award fuch Sentence as the Law direfts in cafes of Petit Larceny.

Cap. clix.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the River fVye, at or near to a P4ace called LidSreoi, in the Parifh of Ruardean% in the County of Glmiceftery to or near to a Place called the Lower Forget below Newern, in the Parifh of Lydney, in the faid County, and for making other Railways therein mentioned in the Foreft of Dearit in the County of Gloucefter.	[10th	June 1809.]

[The Lydney and Lidbrook Railway Company incorporated.]

LXXXIX. And be it. further enafted, That if any Perfon (hall Penalty on Per-wilfully, malicioudy, and to the Prejudice of the faid Undertaking, damaging break, throw down, deftroy, fteal or take away any Part of the faid pJgnv^&c C* Railways, or other Works to be crefted and made by virtue of this ”

Aft, every Perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convifted,

(hall be fubjeft and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cafes of Felony; and the Court by and before whom fuch Perfon (hall be tried and convifted, (hall have Power and Authority to caufe fuch Perfon to be puni(hed in like Manner as Felons are direfted to be punidied by the Laws or Statutes of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, or in Mitigation of fuch Punifhment, fuch Courts may, if they (hall think fit, award fuch Sentence as the Law direfts in Cafes of Petit Larceny: Provided, that nothing herein contained fhali extend to any Owner of Land, or his or her known Agent or Agents, till Satkfaftion (hall have been tendered as herein provided.

Cap. clx.

An Act to continue and amend ftveral Afts for repairing Roads in Former Afl* the County of Dumfries, and converting the Statute Labour within 38 G.3. c. lx. the faid County into Money, (a)	[rorh^iwe	1809.]	41	G.a.	c.xlix.

all repealed.

Cap. clxi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Power? of feveral Afts of His 29 G. 2.0,56. late and prefent Majetty, for repairing the Roads from Mead Brook, 2 G. 3. c. 74. in the County of Gloucefter, to Chriftian MaJford Bridge, in the 27 G. 3. c. $8. County of Wilts, and other Places therein mentioned, and for extending the faid Road to the Centre of Chriftian Malford Bridge. (h)	[10th	June	1809.]

Cap. clxii.

An Act for the Exchange of Part of the Settled Eftates of the Earl of Guilford, and for the Sale of other Part, to difeharge a Mortgage thereon, and for other Purpofcs. (q. P.)	(10th	June	1809J

49 Geo. III.	S	f	Cap.



Google

626, ,

C. clxiii—dxx.	49° GEO. III. -	A.D.1809*

Cap. clxiii.

An AB for the Partition of certain Settled Eftates of John Wharton Elqtiire, fituate in the Copnties of York, Wejtmbrland% and Durham, (q. P.)	[loth	1809.]

Cap. c!xiv.

An AB for veiling certain Ettatrs in the Counties of Kent and Suffex, devifed by the Will of John Hutton Efqnire, deceafed, in Truftees to be fold, and for inverting the Money arifing therefrom in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled to the fame Ufes. (q. P.)	[10th	June 1809.31

Cap. clxv.

An AB for verting Part of the devifed Eftates of John Tirel Morin Efquire, deceafed, fituate in the Counties of Buckingham and jMiddlcfex, in Truilees to be fold, for difeharging Incumbrance* affe&ing the fame, and for laying put the Refidue of the Monies to arife by fuch Sale in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Eftates intended to be fold. (q. P.)

‘	[10th	June 1809.]

Cap. clxvi,

An AB for vefling the detached Parts of the Eftates of William Farrer Efqu're, deceaied, in Truftees for Sale, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, for paying the Incumbrances affe&ing the fame. (q. P.)	[10th	June 1809}

Cap. clxvii.

An AB for veiling Part of the Real Eftates, in the County of Lincoln* devifed by the Will of Henry Mqfftngbcrd Efqutre, deceafed, in Truftees to bye fold, and for applying Part of the Purchafe Money in paying off certain Incumbrances affeftmg the faid Eftates, and for laying out the Refidue thereof in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled to the fame Ufes. (q. P.)	[10th	June 1809.]

Cap. clxviii. •

An AB for veiling certain Eftates late of the Honourable George Jocelyn deceafed, in the^ County of Dublin* in Truftees to be fold, and for laying out the Monies thence arifing in the Purchafe of Government Securities, to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Eftates fold. (q. P.)	[10th	June i8cg.J

Cap. clxix.

An AB for verting in Truftees a certain Tra& of Open Pafture Land called Box Moor, in the Parifh of Hemelhempjled, in the Counry of Hertford, upon certain Trulls, applying the Produce thereof, and for better fecuring the Rights oi the refpeclive Parties entitled tA the faid Moor. (q. P.)	-	[roth June 1809.3

Cap. clxx.

An AB for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Dronjeld. in the County of Derbyx (q* P.)	[ (oth. June i809/3.

“ Allotments and Compenfation for Tithes. § 12, See. Leafes by the

M Vic^r of Dronjieldmot valid without the King's Confent as Patroa

M of the Vicarage.

Cap.



Google

jLD.i6o9f

.	—clxxvt.

49f GEO. III.

Cap, clxKl. I

An AA for reviving continuing *, and amending an Aft, patted to the Twmty-Cxth Year of His prefcnt Msjefty, for laying a Toll noon pll Horfen and Carriage* patting on a Sunday over Biachfrtars . Bridge* and for applying the Money to arife thereby toward* in-creating the Fund for witching, lighting, clranfing, watering, and repairing the faid Bridge, '	[	15th	June	1809.]

Cap. dxxii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Term and Power* of Three Afts, made in the Portv-fccond, Fort\-rourth, and Foriy-fixth Years of the R'ijn of His prefpit Mqcfty, for making, mliu-taming, watching, Ightmg. and watering feveral Roads to communicate with the IVcfl Jndid Docks, in the JJle.of Doge, and the Eqft India Docks at Blackmail, both in the County of Middlefex; and alfo of feveral Afts for repairing the Cannon Street Road, in the faid County ; and alfo for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering a new Rosd from the faid Road communicating with the Eajl India Docks, to Barking, in the County of EJfex ; and for enlarging the Powers of an Aft patted in the Fatty-eighth Year of the Reign of His prelent M^jefty, for making and maintaining a Road horn the Romford and Whitechapel Road ty or Hear to Tilbury Forty in the County of Ejest. {b)

[1 jth June 1809.]

Cap. clxnirb

'An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Afts of the Srxth and Twenty-eighth Years of His prefent Majftty, for repairing feveral Roads leading to the Town of Dartford, in the County of Kent. (b)	[15th June 1.809.]

,	Cap. clxxiv.

An Act for extending and en'arging the Powers cj Authorities given by an Aft patted in the Thirty-irventh Year of the Reign of His prefent M*jefty, intituled, Bn Aft for the'Enfranchifment of Copy-hold and Cujlomary Lands, Pared of the Manor of Arundel, and other Manors entailed by the Aft of Parliament of the a bird o/* Charles the Ftrfl, and for jhe Sale of Tithes alfo entailed by the faid Aft. (q. Fr)

[15th June 1809.]

*	Cap.	clxxv.

An Act to empower the Truftees under the Will of the R;ght Honourable Edward late Cord Thurlow to gr>nt in Fee upon Fee Farm Rents, or for Iona Terms of Years, certain1 EHates by the fame Will devifed in Truft for Sdc, ard to putt down the Manfion Houfe called Knight's /fill* and to make Roads, and to enfranchife Copyholds, and for other Purposes, (q. P.)	[15th June 1829 ]

• Cop, qlxxvi.

An Act for vetting ap Eftate, in the County of Lincoln* devifed by the Wi|l of Francis Lord Le Defpencer, in Trpliees, .upon Truft, to fell the fame, and with the Money arifing therefrom to difehayge the Incumbrances thereupon, and tp lay out the Surplus in the furebafe of other Eftates to be fettled to the fame Ufes. (q. P.)

[15th June 1809.]

5 f 2	Cap,

6 2 7

* For One Yeart See,

26 G. 3. c.37.

45	G. 3. c. cl. 44 G.3.C.XXXvil.

46	G. 3. 0. exxr. 48 G. 3. c.xeii.

6 G. 3. C. 9&> MG. 3. c. 84.

37G.3. c.4 O.pr, And fee 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. xv.



A«D« i 8o£»

628	C. dxxvii—-clxxxi*.	49® GEO. III.

Cap. clxxvii.

An Act for cffefting the Sale of certain Eftates devifed by the Will of Henry Partridge Efquirc, deceafed, and for laying out the Money to arife by fuch Sales in the Purchafe of other Eftater, and for fettling the fame to the like Ufes. (q. P.)	[15th	June	1809	}

Cap. clxxviii.

An Act for veiling certain detached Parts of the Eftates devifed or limited to ftrift Ufes by the Will of the Right Honourable William late Lord Craven deceafed, and fituate in the County of Glouceffer, in Truftees, to be fold, and for applying Part of the Monies aniing from the Sde thereof, in difeharge of an Incumbrance fabfifting thereon, and for laying out the Rcfidue of fuch Monies in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled to the fame Ufes.

[15th June 1809.]

Cap. clxxix.

An Act for veiling certain Eftates, late of Thomas Hodgkins Efquire, lying in the refpeftive Parifhes of Walfall and Aldridge t in the County of Stafford, in Truftees, in trull to fell the fame, and apply the Purchafe Monies at ifing therefrom in paying off all Incumbrances upon fuch Eftates, and otherwife, under the Dircftions of the High Court of Chancery, (q. P.)	[j jth Jut}c	1809.]

Cap. clxxx.

An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Shambrook, in the County pf Bedford. (q. P.)	[15th	June	4809*]

u Allotments for Tithes. § 21, &c.

Cap. clxxxi.

An Act for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Wiljhamjlead, in the County of Bedford, (q. P.)	[15th	June	1809	]

“ Allotments and Compeofation for Tithes. § 21, dec.

Cap, clxxxii.

An Act to enable the Royal Exchange Infurance Company of Ireland ^ to fue and be fued in the Name of their Secretary.

[19th June 1809.]

Cap. clxxxiii.

An Act for making new Sewers and Drains and amending the prefent Sewers and Drains within certain Diftrifts under the Jurifdiftioo of the Commifiioners of Sewers for the Limits extending fro-n Eajl Mouldfey in Surrey, to Ravenjhorne in Kent, and for other Purpoies relating to the Execution of the Commiffion of Sewers for the faid Limits.	[19th	June	1809.]

Cap. clxxxiv.

31G.2. c.45. An Act for rendering more effeftual Two Afts patted for the better aiG.3.c.l9. regulating the Poor in the Parifh of Saint Mary Magdalen, Ber-mondfey, in the County of Surrey ; for inclofing the Church Yard thereof, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned relating thereto,

I19th June 1809.]

Caf,

49* GEO. III.	C.clxxxv—clxxxlx.	629

Cap. clxxxv.

An A d to enable His Majefty to grant the Moot Hall, Grand Jury Room, and certain Grounds and Buildings adjoining thereto in the Caftle Garth, within the Scite of the Old Cattle of Newcaftlc-upon-Tyne, to the Juftices of the Peace for the County of Northumberland, for building Courts of Juftice, and alfo a Gaol for the faid County, and for other Purpofcs therein mentioned relating thereto.

[19th June T809.]

X.	And be it further enaded, That all and every the faid Moot Moot Hall, Hall, Shire Hall, Court Houfes, Grand Jury Room, Offices, Gao),	t	be

and Buildings, fo to be provided and ereded as aforefaid, and alfo fuch	\hc	*

©pen Space of Ground a* (hall or may be laid out and attached thereto County, as a Court Yard, and bounded as befor^mert'.ioned, (hall from and' immediately after the fame (hall be fo ended and laid out, refpedively be, and be deemed to be, within ard Parcel ol the faid County of Northumberland t6 all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, and that all and every other Part and Parts of the faid Caftle Garth and Scite of the faid old CafUe of NewcaJlle-upon-Tyne, (hall frem thenceforth be deemed ard taken to be w»thin and Parcel of the Town and County of the Town of NewcaJllc-upon*Tyne, to all Intents and PurpofeS whatfoever j any L*aw, Ufagc, Cultom, or Grant whatfoever to chd contrary in anywife notwithllanding.

Cap. clxxxvi.

An Ad for making and maintainirg a Road from the Borough of Southwark to the Kent Road in the County of Surrey, (b)

[19th June 1809]

Cap. clxxxvii.

An Ad to repeal fo much of an Ad paff-d in the Forty-eighth 48 G. 3. c. xvj* Year of His prefent Majefty, for inciofing Waftes in the Townfhip of Minera in the County of Denbigh, as fubjeds the Owners of certain Mines there to Damages for working the fame, and at authorizes any Perfon to get Stone from any Mines of Stone in the faid Waftes. (q. P.)	[19th	June 1809.]

Cap. clxxxviii.

An-Ad for making and maintaining a Road leading from Barmouth in the County of Merioneth, to Traethmawr in the County of Caernarvon, and for building a Bridge at Traethbach, in the faid County of Merioneth, (jb)	[20th June 1809.]

Cap. clxxxix.

An Ad for fupplying with Water the Inhabitants of Deptford, Greenwich, and fcveral other Parilhes and Places in the Couaties of Kent and Surrey.	[20th June 1809.]

[The Company of Proprietors of the Kent Water Works incorporated.]

LX. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall Punifoment knowingly, wilfully, or malicioufly break, throw down, or deftroy any tor Banks or other Works ereded, made, or maintained by virtue of this Works.

Ad, then and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Perfon (hall be judged

fuilty of Felony, and the Court by and before whom fuch Perfon or _ 'erfods (hall be tried and convided, (hall have Power and Authority to

S f 3	caufe



Google

^3^	C.	clxxxix, cxc.	49*	GEO.	ill.	A.D.i8opi

caufe fuch Pcrfon or Perfons to be tranfported beyond the Seas for the Term of Seven Years, or in-Mitigation of fuch Punifhnietit fuch Court may award fuch Sentence as the Law directs in Cafes of Petty Larceny.

Cap. cxc.

An Ad for the better Government of the Watermen working on the Pafiage between Gofport, Portfmoutb, and Portfea and other Places within Portfmouth Harbour, and to and from Spitbcad\ St. Helen's* and other Parts within the IJlc of Wight* in tVic County of South-amptoti, and to and from certain Piacts in the faid Iflimi, and for regulating the Fares of fuch Watermen.	[20th	June	1809.]

*	TT7HEREAS the Condud of the Watermen working on the 4 W P-tDge between Gofport, in the P<m(h of Alverflohe* aod

* Portfmoutb, and Portfa, and to and from Hardway* Far eh am, Port-4 cbe/ler* Pa/fruie IVymering. and other Places within Portfmouth 4 Harbour, and to and hom Spitbcad and Saint Helen’s, and other Parts

*	and Piaces within the JJlt of Wight, in the County of Southampton*

*	by reafon of their demanding exorbitant and unequal Prices for the 4 Carriage of PjflVn^ers, and their refuting to c^rry Paflengers acrofs 4 the Harbour of Portfmouth, and to and from Hardway* Fareham, 4 Portchejltr, Paljgrove, Wymeting, and other Places within Portfmoutb 4 Harbour, and to the Ships and Vtifcls of His Majcfty, ard other

* Ships and Veficis lying within the faid Harbour, and at Spitbcad, 4 Saint Helen’s, and other Piaces within the faid Ifle of Wights in the 4 County of Southampton, and to and from the Places lying within the 4 faid Harbour and in the faid Ifle of Wight, between Cowes and Saint 4 Helen’s, has betn long complamed of, and is now become a general 4 Grievance, and is a great Inconvenience and Detriment to the In* 4 habitants of the Lid Towns and Neighbourhood, and alfo to the 4 Officers and Seaman belonging to the fa;d Ships and VeflVls: May 4 it the cfore pfeafe Your Majetiy that it may be enaded and be it enaded by the King’s molt Excellent Majetty, by and with the Ad* vice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Pariiament'afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

Commiffioners. That Hw Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County of South* ampton for the Time being, the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen of the Borough of Portfmouth for the Time being, the Steward of the Biritoprick of Winchejler for the Time being, the Bifhop of Winchejler s Bailiff of the Borough and Manor of Gofport for the Time being, the Redor of Alverfioke for the Time being, the Incumbent of Gofport Chapel for the Time being, the Comroiffioners of His Maj tty’s Dock Yard at Portfmouth for the Time being, the .Governor of Haflar Hof-pital for the Time being, George Porter Efquire, £&c. &c.j {hall be and they are hereby appointed Commiflnntrs for putting m Execution the fevera! Powers and Authorities in and by this Ad given.

Meetings of	II. And Be it farther enaded, That the faid Cotnmiffioners, o«

Otjiimtfioners, any Seven or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to ^™wcr	meet on the Fir It Tuefday in the Months of July, November, and

Wawm^Ur	March in each Year, at fome convenient Place within the faid Borough

of Gofport or Borough of Portfmouth, to be appointed by the faid Comrnifllonere, fuch Meetings to be alternately held at the faid Borough of Gsfpott and Borourh of Portfmoutb j the Firft Meeting of the Hud Cotnmiffioners to be held at the India Arm Inn in Gofport > on the

Firft

A.D.1809*	490	GEO*	III.	C.	cxc.	631

Firft: Tuefday in July n*xt iftet the paffing of this Aft, and the faid Commiflioners, or any Seven or more of them, fhall and may, if they IhaH fee fit, from Tim? to Time adjourn fuch Meetings, or any or either of them, in fuch Manner and to fuch Time as they fhall think proper • and that the Commiflioners, or any Seven or more of them, at fuch Firll Meeting to be holden as aforefaid, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, *fhali and they are hereby required to proceed to fix and affefs the Rates and Fares to be taken by the faid Watermen for the Paflage of any Pcrfon or Pcrfons, either with or without Horfes orbther Cattle, to and from Gofport, Portfmouth, and Portfca* and other Parts within the faid Harbour of Portfmouth, and to and from any Ships or Veflels lying within the faid Harbour, and alfo to and from Spithead, Saint Helen's* the Motherbank, Stokes Bay% and other Parts within the laid IJle of Wight, and to and from any Ships or Veflels lying thereat, and alio to and from BradingT Rydin Cowes, or any other Place in the faid Ifland, between Saint Helen's and Cowes, which Ratt9 and Fares fo aflefled and rated fhall continue in force rcfp:ftively until they, or any or either of them, fhall be altered by any Order of the faid Commiflioners, to be made at any fubfequent M eting of the faid Commiflioners, which Alteration it lhall and may be lawful for the laid Commiflioners, or any Seven or more of(them, at any Time or Tim^s hereafter to make at anjr Meeting to be held in purfuance of the Provifions of this Act.

li Once in every Year Vacancies occafioned by the Death, &c. of “ C>mmiflinners fhall be filled up by the other Commiffioncis; ?nd 16 Notice of Meetings for tnat Purpofe, and of all other Meetings “ under this Aft, fhall b - given to Comudflioners by their Clerk. § 3,

“ Equal Number of Commiflioners on each Side of the Water. { 4.

4i Oath of Commiflioners. yj. Qualification of Commiflioners. § 6•

“ Appointment of Clerk. § 7. Duty of the Clerk and Treafurtr. § 8.

Power for the Clerk to adj urn Meetings, See. § 9.*

X. And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to Two Tables or and for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby required to make Rates of tares to and fettle Two feveral and dilliuft Tables of Rates and Fares* the Rates and F.’res in mie of which fhall be payable in fair Weather, and Weather to be the other in foul Weather; and for	the Purpofe of	obviating any	determined	by a

Doubt as to the Time at which the	faid Rates and	Fares may be	Flag which	is

refpeftively demanded, the laid Commiflioners fhall piovide a Blue payable.

Flag, to be ho.ft-d on the Beach at Gofport, by fuch Pei Ion, and in fuch Manner and Form, as the faid Commiflioners, or arty Five or more of them, at any Meeting to be holden in purfuance of the Pro* vition8 of this Aft, fhall from Time to Time appoint and order> or as fhall be directed by any Bye-Law to be made in purfuance of the Prb-vifions herein-aftt r contained, and which laid Pcrfon fhaii be paid fucih Sum and Sums of Money as the faid	Commiflioners,	of ttiy Five 6r

more of them, fhall from Time to Time dirtft ; and fo	long as the faid

Flag fhall remain hoilted, the foul Weather Farefc fhall be demanded, and at all other Tiroes the fine Weather Fares only fhall be payable : Watermen Provided always, that if the faid Flag fhall be hoiffedor hauled dotfn entitled to the while the faid Watermen, or any at either of them, ii or are in the ^are Payable at Aft of carrying any Perfon or Perfons to or from any Place ofr Places as aforefaid, the faid Watermen lhail be paid the Rate or Rates, Frfre qx Fares, which was or were payable at the Time fuch Pcrlou pr Per-f * •	.	S f 4	iona



Tables of Fares to be printed, and a tk>|>y delivered to each licenfed Waterman.

Penalty on taking higher Rates or refufing to take Paflengers.

Penalty on Perfons not payin': the eilabliihed Fares.

C. cxc.	49°	GEO.	Ill*	AD.	i	fop.

fons firft left the Shore or Place in the Boat of fuch Waterman or Watermen.

XI.	And be it further en?Aed, That when the faid Tables of Rates and Fares (hall be fettled by the faid Comm(Boners, the fame (hall be printed, and the faid Comnvffioners (hall caufe a Copy thereof to be delivered to each of the fa»d Watermen to be licenfed as hereinafter mentioned, and One Copy of fuch Rates painted on a Board (hall be fffixed on the Door of the Market Houfe in Gofport afore faid. One other fuch Copy on the Door the Guildhall of Portfmouth a fore fa id, and One other fuch Copy in the Town of Portfca, at or near the Gates of His Maj^fly’s Dock Yard there; and when and as often as the fame, or eithir of thrm, (hall be defaced or deftrnyed, the faid Commifiioners (hall caufe the fame to be replaced by another or others; and when and as often as any A’teration or Alterations (hall he made by the faki Corrmuflioners in the faid Tables of Rates or Fares, the fame (lull be in like Manner printed, ceiivercd, painted, and affixed as a fore faid.

XII.	And be i: further en'r&d, That in cafe any fuch Waterman* or other Pcrfon employed by him. (hall demand -or take more than the Rates or Prices fo to be affeffrd and rated as afoiefaid, except as hcrein-after mentioned, or (hall (not being prevented by fome obvious Difficulty or Danger, which fuch Waterman (hall make appear to the Satisfy 6fc:on of the Juftice or Juftice* before whom anv Cotn-

?laint (hall be laid) refufe to carry any Paflenger for fuch Rates or Vices, evety fuch Waterman fo offending (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be levied and recovered, paid and applied in Manner herein-after mentioned : Provided alwa>s neveithelefs. that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Watermen to demand Double the Rate of Fare fisted by the faid Tables between the Hours of S*x of the Clock in the Evening, and Six of the Clock in the Morning, between the Twenty-„ ninth Day of 'September and the Twenty fifth Day of March in each Year3 and between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Evening, and Five of the Clock in the Morning, between the Twenty-fifth Day of March and the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each Year.

XIII.	And be it further enadted, That if any Pcrfon or Perfons (hall refufe or negkdt to pay any Waterman or Watermen licenfed as herein-after mentioned the Fare or Fares which he or they is, are, or (hall be entitled to demand, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Juftice of the Peace of the faid County of Southampton, if the Offence (hall be committed out of the Borough of Portfmouth^ or of the Borough ot Portsmouth if the Offence (ball be commuted within it, or of the Borough of Portfmouth, or the County of Southampton, if the Offence ; (hall be committed upon the Water within the Harbour of Portfmouthy upon Complaint thereof, to grant a Warrant to bring before him the Pcrfon or Perfons againlt whom fuch Complaint (hall be made, and, upon Proof upon Oath of One Witnefs (which Oath fuch Juftice is . hereby empowered to adminifttr), to award reafonable Satisfaction to the Party aggrieved for his Damages and Cofts, and, upon Refufal to pay or make fuch Satisfaction, to levy the fame by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfoo or Per-ions fo refufing.

XIV. ‘ And



<33

49* geo. nr.

C. cxc.

XIV.	‘ And, for better preventing the Mifbehaviour of any fuch • Waterman, or any Apprentice or Affiftant employed by him,* be it further ena&cd, That upon Complaint of any Mifbehaviour of PunUhing any Waterman, Apprentice, or Affiftant, in affaulting, infuiting, or Watermen and ufing abufive or infuiting Language to any Perfon or Perfons whom- Apprentice* for foever, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any fuch Juft ice of the Mi(behavio*r, Peace for the faid County of Southampton or. Borough of Portfmouthy within his refpe&ive or concurrent Jurifdi£tion, to fummon fuch Waterman, Apprentice, or Affiftant before him to anfwer the faid Complaint, and upon Proof thereof upon Oath (which Oath the faid Juftice is hereby empowered to adminifter), or by his own Confeffion, or on the View of a Juftice of the Peace, fuch Waterman, Apprentice# or Affiftant, fhall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be levied and recovered, paid, and applied in Manner herein-after mentioned ; and if fufficient Diftrefs cannot be bad, be fhall be committed to the>

Houfe of Correftion for the County, Borough, or Place where the Complaint (hall be heard, for One Calendar Month, or every Waterman convi&ed of any fuch Offence fhall forfeit and lofe his Licence, and fhall not be again licenfrd for the Space of One whole Year next enfuing; and fuch Waterman, Apprentice, or Affiftant fo offending fhall and may, by Authority of this A61, unlefs fuch Perfon being a Waterman (hall, upon Demand, produce and ihew to the Party aggrieved his Licence, fo that fuch Party may afeertain his Name and Place of Abode, or being an Apprentice or Affiftant (hall at the Time of the Offence committed be a&wally on board the Boat of his Mafter, having the Name and Place of Abode of fuch Mailer painted thereon, be apprehended by any Perfon or Perfons who fhall fee fuch Offence committed, and (hall be immediately conveyed or delivered to a Conftable, or other Peace Officer, in order to be conveyed before fome Juftice of the Peace to be dealt with according to Law.

44 Watermen to be fummoned for the Purpofe of being licenfed. § f 5.

44 Commiffioners empowered to licenfe Watermen. § 16. Commif-44 fionera may grant and renew Licenfes annually. § 17. Clerk to 44 make Lift of licenfed Watermen. § 18. Watermen may be re-“ ftri&ed to work within the Harbour only, and (hall pay for Licence 44 Twenty Shillings or Ten Shillings accordingly. Watermen to 44 give Notice of Removal. § 19. Waterman (hall give in the Names 44 of Apprentices and Affiftants. § 20. Licenfed Watermen may 44 take One Apprentice. §21.

XXII. And be it further ena&cd, That it fhall not be lawful for Boat not toU any luch Apprentice, until he (hill have attained the full Age of entrufted foMy Eighteen Years, and have been apprenticed for the Space of Two totheCareof Years, to take upon himfelf the foie Care and Management of any Boat; and in cafe any fuch Apprentice (hall offend herein, or any licenfed Waterman (hall permit any Boat to be u dcr the Care or Management of any Perfon or Perfons other than himfelf, or fome other licenfed Waterman, or of fome Perfon who fhall be of the Age of Eighteen Years and fhall have ferved at leaft Two Years of hi$ Apprenticefliip, the Mafter of the faid Apprentice or fuch licenfed Perfon fo offending as aforefaid, fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence the Sum of Five Pounds, to be levied, recovered, ptid, and applied in Manner herein-after mentioned; and if fufficient Diftrefs cannot be hadj he fhall be committed to the Houfe of Com&ion

1

where



Google

*34

Watermen to take no more than Ten Paf-fengers in fair Weather and Six in foul. Penalty $1.

Boats (hall be kept in good Condition.

(kcxt.	49^	QEO.	IIL	A.D.i £69*

wheretheComplairit thall bfc heard, for any Tithe not exceeding Two Calendar Months.

“ Periahy on Perfons working on the faid Paflage without a Licence, w Ten Pounds, § 23.

XXIV.	And be it further cnafted, That from and after the palling of this Aft, it (hall not be lawful for any fuch Waterman or Apprentice, fo having the Charge of his Matter's Boat as aforefaid, to receive, take into, or carry in his Wherry or Boat at one and the fame Time, any more than Ten Perfons in fair Weather, or than Six when fuch Flag (hail be or remain boifted as aforefaid ; and in cafe any fuch Waterman or Apprentice fhali take or receive iuto or carry in his faid Wherry or Boat any greater Number of Perfons than are refpeftively allowed to be carried as aforefaid, every fuch Waterman or Apprentice fo offending, and beine thereof convifted by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes or by Confcffion of the Party or Partus, before any One or more of Hts Majefty's Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Southampton or Borough of Portfmouth refptftivelv, or on View ot any fuch Jutt’ce or Juttices, (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, to be levi d, recovered, paid, aid applied in Manner herein after mentioned ; and if Efficient Diftrefa cannot be had, he fhali be committed to the Houfe of Correftion of the County, Borough, or Piace where the Complaint (hall be.heard, for Two Calendar Months; and it fhali and may be lawful for the faid Commiflioccrs, or any Five or more of them, to revoke the Licence granted to fuch Waterman, and he (hall not again be liqenfed.

XXV.	And be it further enafted. That the faid lxenfed Watermen fhali keep their Boats in good Repair, Order, and Condit'on, and well and fufficiently provided with Matts, Sails, Oars, Rudder, and all other proper Gear and Tackle, and that whenever any fuch Watermen fhali be hired to go to any Place, Ship, or Vcflel without the faid Harbour of Portfmouth, thev fhali provide themfelvea with and have in their refpeftive Boats Two Sets of Sails, one adapted for fair ancj the other for foul Weather, and that on fuch Occafio-s every fuch Waterman fhali have at leatt One Aflillant; and that it fhali and may be lawful to and for any Two or more of the faid Commifiioners, or any Perfon or Perfons to be fpeeially appointed by the Commifiioners under this Aft, or any Five' cr more of them, at fame Meeting to be hoiden purluant to the Provifions of this Aft, and who (hall be paid fuch Sum and Sums of Money for their Service as the faid Com-nuflhmerp, or any Five or more of them, fhali from Time to Time dirtft, from Time to Time to infpeft the faid Boats, and for any Two or more of fuch Commifiioners, or fuch Pcrfion fo to be appointed, to order fuch of the faid Boats as fhali and may be found deficient in any Refpeft to be laid by, and fuch Boat (hall not be uftrd again till the Deleft fhali have been repaired, and the fa d Boats fhali have been infptfted and approved of by the faid Commifiioners, or any Two or more of them, or by fuch Perfon or Perfons fo to be foecialiy appointed .as aforefaid; and in cafe any fuch Waterman fh%U ufe any Boat not in good Repair and Condition, and well and fufficiently provided with Matts, Sails, Oars, Rudder, and other proper Gears and Tackle, or without its Number, and the Name and Place of Abode of fugh Waterman painted in legible Figures and Letters m

s *

 CjOOQle

A.D.x8o9-	4^®-GEO. ill.	C.ctc.	tin

fome confpicuous Part on the Infide thereof, or, on being hired to go to any Piace or Ship without the faid Harbour of Portfmouth, {hall not provide himfelf with and have on board the faid Beat Two Sets of Saib as aforefaid and One Affi*lant, or (hall prefume to ufe any Boat which (hall have been declared infufficient as aforefaid, until fuch Boat (hall have afterwards been infpefted and approved of bv the faid Commiflioner8, or any Two or more of them, or by fuch Perfon or Perfons fo to be appointed as aforefaid ; or if any Perfon who (hall be licenfed only to work within the faid Harbour (hall ufe his Boat for Hire ou the Outfide thereof, every fuch Waterman fo offending lhail for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be levied and recovered, paid, and applied in Manner herein-3fter mentioned.

a Seven Commifficners may make Orders at any of their Meetings 44 for carrying this Aft into Execution. § 26. Commillioners may 44 revoke Orders, See. § 27.

XXVIII.	4 And Whereas the Hard or Landing Place from the 4 faid Harbour of Portfniouth on the Gofport Side thereof is liable to

•	be much injured bv Ships Vcflcis, Lighters. Barges, Boats of 4 Burthen, or other Boats lying thereon, which by due Cire in the

4 Perfons .having the Command of fuch Ships, VtflVls, Lighters, 7

* Barges, Boats of Burthen, and other Boats, may be avoided;4

Be it therefore further enaftrd by the Authority aforefaid, That P^onltvon from and after the pafllng of this Aft. if any Mailtr, or other Perfon Veflels lying o« having the Command of anv fuch Ship, Vfcffel, Lighter. Barge; Goljfwrt Hard. Boat of Burthen, or other Boat, {1ml place ni^p-rmit, or fuffrr any fuch Ship, Veffel, Lighter, Barg^ Boat of Burthen, or other Boat;

. to lie over or upon the laid Hard or Landing P*ace on the Gofport Side of the faid Harbour of Portfmouth. evc-ry fuch Mafter, or other Perfon having the Command of any fuch Ship, VefTcl, Lighter,

Barge, Boat of Burthen, or other Boat, fo placed, permitted, or fuffered to lie over or upon the faid Hard, fhail for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Surp of Five Pounds, to be levied, recovered, paid, and apolied in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted, That all Penalties and For- Recovery of feitures impofed by this Aft, or by any fuch Bye Law, Order, Rule, Penalties, and Regulation made in purfuance thereof (the Manner of Recovery whereof is not otherwile particplary mentioned), (halt and may, if not otherwife fooner paid, be levied ani recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of

the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Sjals of any On- or more Juiticc or Jullice*5 of the Peace in or for the County of Southampton, or in'or for the County,

C'ty, Borough, Town, Divifion, or Piace whetein fuch Offender or Offenders Ihsll be or refide, or where fuch Goods and Chattels (hail be, which Warrant fuch Jullice or Juftices is and are hereby empowered and required to grant, fuch Offender or Offenders having been firft convifted of any Offence or Offences done or committed contrary to the tine Intent and Meaning of this Aft, before any One dr more Juitice or Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of South*

Tampion or Borough of Portfmouth9 according to their refoeftive Jurift. dictions under this Aft, upon the Oath of One or more credible Win a nefs or Witncffes, which Oath the faid Ju/tice and Ju(tic;s is and are hereby empowered to a4m'n^e,i> or on the Conftfii.m of the Offender 'it Q'fteuders; and the faid Penalties and Eofteuures when recovered,

*•	’	rendering





C* cxc»

Informations tor Offences to be given withip Three Months.

AlTowing a concurrent Jurifdi&lon to the Juftices for Sontliamptou amd the Borough of Portfmouth, in cenain. Cafes.

Torn* of Convict ioj%

49* GEO. III.	A.D'i8op»

rendering the Overplus (if any be), after deducing the Expence of fuch Diltrefs and Sale, upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whofe Goods and 'Chattels (hall be fo did rained, (hall be paid to the faid Conmrfllmcrs, or any Five or more of them, and (hall be applied (if not otherwife dirtied to be applied by this Aft> for and towards the Pur poles of this Aft 5 and in cafe fuflicient Diltrefs cannot be found, and fuch Penalties and Forfeitures (hall not be forthwith paid, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch Juftice or Juftices, and he and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to commit fuch Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction for the County, City, Borough, Town, or Place where fuch Offender or Offenders fhall be or refide, for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months where the Penalty fhall not amount to Five Pounds, but in ail Cafes where the Penalty fhall amount to or exceed that Sum, and where no other Punifhment on Non-payment thereof fhall be hereinbefore dirt Cted to be i: (lifted, the faid Offender or Offenders fhall be committed as afortfaid, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unkfs fuch Penalties and Forfeitures rcfpeftivtly fhall be fooner p-fd.

XXX.	Provided always, and.be it further enafted, That no Perfon or PerfoDS {hall be fubjeft or liable to the Payment of any of the Penalties or Forfeitures inflifted by virtue of this Aft, unlefs Information fhall be given of fuch Offence or Offences within Three Calendar Months next after the Offence (hall have been committed.

XXXI.	* And. for the better enforcing due Obedience to this Aft,

*	and afeertaintng the Mode of Recovery of the refpeftive Penalties/ be it further enafted, That the JuIIices of the Peace of the faid County of Southampton, as to Offences committed in the faid County out of the Borough of Port/movth aforefa^d, and the Juiliccg of the Peace of the faid Borouah of Portfmoutb, as to Offences committed within the faid Borough of Port [mouth, and every of them, fhall have full Power and Authority by virtue of this Aft, upon Complaint made to them or any of them by any Perfon or Perfon?, to examine, hear, and determine by the Oath of One or more Witntfs or Witneffes (which Oath each and every of them are hereby authorized to adminifter), or by the ConftfUon of the Offender, ail Complaints or Offences to be done or committed within their faid refpeftive Jurifdiftions, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this.Aft: Provided neverthelek, that whtre any Offence againft this Aft fhall be committed upon the Water within the Harbour of Portjmouth, the Juftices of the Peace for the County of Southampton, and thofe for the Borough of Port/mouthf fhall have a concutrent Jurifdifton as to fuch Offerees, and the Parties making Complaint thereof may make fuch Complaint to the one or the other as they fhall think proper.

XXXII.	And be it further enafttd. That in all Cafes where any Conviftion fhall be had for any Offence or Offences committed againft this Aft, ur any Matter in purfuance of this Aft, the Form of Con-yiftion fhall be in the Words or to the Effeft following ; that is to fay,

*	County of Southampton or Borough 'l BE it remembered, That OH this

*	of	Portfmouth,	to	wit.	j	^	y	Qf

*	in the	Year	of	the Reign of

*	A. B. is convift< d before	k	Juftice or

4 Juftices of the Peace for	of	havitog	frw

‘ Offeree

 CjOOQie

A.D.i8c>9’	49°	GEO. III.	C.cxc.	637

•	Offence may be"] and I [or, we] the faid Jaftice or Juftices do ad-

•	judge him, [her, or them] to forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum

• of	and for the Cofta of Profecution the Sum

4 of	Given under my Hand and Seal for, our

4 Hands and Seals] the Day and Year firlPafbrefaid.*

XXXII* And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons Offenders con-(hall be guilty of any Offence againft this Ad, or any of the Powers viaed fhall p*v or DireSion9 herein contained, and (hall be thereupon fummoned, or (hall appear before any One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, Convi&bn. and fuch Perfon or Perfons (hail be convided of any fuch Offence, every fuch Perfon or Perfons (haty pay the Cofts of fuch Summons and Convidion, and the Diftrefs to be taken in confequence of fuch Con* vidion (hall be for fuch	well	aa	the	other	Monies	for	which

fuch Dili refs (hall be made ; any Statute, I^aw, Cuftom, or Ufage to the contrary in anywife notwithstanding,

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That it (hall Mitigation of and may be lawful to and for the Juftice or Jufticea of the Peace, be- renalties. fore whom any of the fpccifick Penalties or Forfeitures^ by this Ad

impofed (hall be recovered, to mitigate, compound, or leffen any of the faid Penalties or Forfeitures as he or they in his or their Difcretion (hall think fit, fo as that the fame be not mitigated or reduced to left than One Moiety or Half Part thereof, together with Cods at afore faid.

XXXV.	And be it further enaded, That where any Diftrefs (hall Diftrefs not t»

be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this h« deemed Ad, the Diftrefs itfelf (hall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party «J,avr^15r • or Parties making the fame be deemed a Trefpalfer or Trefpaffers, on	arm

account of any Defed or Want of Form in any Proceeding relating

thereto, nor (hall the Party or Parties di ft rained be deemed a Tref-pa fler or Trefpaffers, ah initio, on account of any Irregularity which (hall be afterwards done by him or them $ but the Party or Parties aggrieved by fuch Irregularity (hall or may recover full Satisfadion for the fpecial Damages, together with Cofts of Suit, in an Adion of Trefpafs or on the Cafe, at his, her, or their Elcdion.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaded, That no Adion or Suit Limitation of ftiaUbe commenced agaiuit any Ptrfon or Perfons for any Thing done Adion* for in purfuance of this Ad, unlefs Thirty Days Notice thereof (hall Matters dqne have been firli given in Writing to the Clerk and Treafurer or the faid su Months. * Commiflioneri, figned by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and ftating his, Thirty Days her, or their Place of Abode, and unlefs the fame (hall be commenced Notice, &c. before the Expiration of Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, nor after Tender of reasonable Amends (hall have been

made by or in Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adiou or Suit; nor unlefs fuch Adion or Suit (hall be laid or brought in the County of Southampton ; and the Defendant or Defendants in any tuch Adion or Sujt to be commenced for any Thing done in purfuance of this Ad, fhall and may pltad thq General I flue, and give this Ad and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereup n, and that the Matter or Thing for which fuch A^iun or Suit fhall be brought was done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Ad ; and if fuch Matter or Thing (hall appear to have been fo done, or if it fhall appear that fuch Adion or Suit was brought before Tnirty Days Notice thereof was given in Manner aforefaid, or fuch Notice (hall not

flats

 CjOOQle

638,

C.cxc,

40°	CEO. HI,

A.D.1809,

Informers may be rewarded out of tbt Penalties.

Ayr*.

(late the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs true Place or Plfrcfcs of Abode, or that {uch Aftian or Sait w&a not commenced before the Expiration of Six Calendar Month* next after the Fad committed ; or if it (hall ap«* pear that Tender-of reafonable Amends was made by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Aftioil or Suit, before fuch Aftion or Suit was commenced or brought, or if the Venue in fuch Aft*on or Suit fhall be laid in any other County or Place than the County of Southampton, then the Jury (hall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon fuch Verd»ft, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall become nonfuited, dr difeontinue his, hcr? or their Aftion or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants fhall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment fhall be given a gain (f the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants fhall and may recover Treble Cofts, and have fuch Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any Cafe'by Law, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall not in fuch Aftion be permitted to give any* Thing in Evidence which fhall not have been exoreffed in fuch Notice, and it fhall be incumbent on the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to prove fuch Notice1 to have been given, or in Default thereof the Defendant or Defendants (hail be entitled to fuch Verd’A and Cofts as aforefaid.

XXXVII.	And be it further enafted, That k fhall and may bd lawful to and for the Jultices of ibe Peace for the faid County of Southampton or Borough of Port/mouth before whom fuch Perfbns (hall be convi&ed, or the faid Commifiioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, if they (hall fee Caufe, to pay and apply fuch Part of the Penalties and-Forfeitures to be recovered for any Offence or Offences committed againft this Aft as they (hall think proper, not exceeding One Moiety of them, or any of them, to and-for the Ufe of the Informer or Informers of fuch refpeftive*Offence or Offences; any Thing herein contained to the contrary rtotwithftanding.

XXXVIII.	Provided akv*yv«nd be it further enafted, That if tony Pcrfon or Perfons (halt think himfclf, herfelf, or themfelvcs aggrieved by any Thing done irf pUTfuancc of thi6! Aft, fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall and may, as to TWngs done iu the faid County of Southampton and out of the faid* Borough, appeal to the Juftices of the Peace for the County of Southampton, and as to Things done within the (aid Borough of Porlfmovth, to the Juftices of the faid Bbrough, •t the then next General er Genera! Quarter Scffions of the Peace which fhall be holden in and for the faid County or Borough refpeft-ivcly, after the Expiration of Twenty Days from the Caufe of fuch Appeal, fuch Appellant firft giving or cauiing to be given Ten Days Notice at lead in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring fuch Appeal, and of the Caufe thereof, to the Clerk to the faid Com-miflioners, and within Two D^ys nefct after fuch Notice given, Entering into a Recognizance or Recognizances before fome Juftice of the Peace for the faid County or Borough, as the Cafe may rtquire, with Two fufficient Sureties, in the Penalty of Thirty Pounds, conditioned to try fuch Appeal at fuch S.fiions, and abide the Order of, and to pay fuch C Its as fhall be awarded by the faid Juftices upon the Hearing of the faid Appeal ,5 and the faid Juftices, upon due Proof of fuch Not’ce being given as aforefaid, and of the entering into fuch Recognizance, (hall at the faid Stflions to which the faid Appeal fhall be made, or if they (hall fee fit to adjourn the fame, at the Srfiionl then next following at fartbeft, hear end finally determine the Canfee

and



A.p.i8o9f

49* GEO, I{I^

C,^G,ef ci,	$%9

and Matter of fuch Appeal in a funamary Way, and award fucb Coils for the Appellant or Appellants, or Refpondent or Refpondents, as they the laid Juftices refpeftivcly (hall think proper; and the Deter* mination of fuch Juftices (hall be final, binding, and conclufive to all Parties concerned or interefted therein: Provided nevertheless^ that all Appeals againft Conv'ftions before any Juilice or Juftices for the.

Borough of Porifmouth fhall be made to the Seflions for the faid Bo* rough, and all Appeals againft Convift:ons before any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the County of Southampton fhall be made to the Seflions for the County at large.

XXXIX- And be it further enafted, That no Proceedings to be Proceedings not had touching the Con vision of any Offender or Offenders againft this to he quafliedfo* Aft, or any Order, Matter, or Thing to be done or tranfafted in or WantofForra. relating to the Execution of this Aft, fhall be removed by Certiorari, or vacated or quafhed for the Want of Form only j any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XL Provided always and be it further enaft^d» That nothing ia ThUA&notto this Aft contained ihall extend or be conftrued to extend to any extend to yVater* Waterman or Watermen working acrofs the Lake between Hnjlar and Sa^°Lak^ °U Gojbort, in the Ferry Boat or Ferry Boats belonging to the Com-miflioners of His Majefty’s Tranfport Service for the Care of fick and wounded Seamen, ana for the Care and Cultody of Prifoners of War; but that the Waterman or Watermen working the faid Ferry Boat or Boats of the Lid Commmiflioners may at all Time® work the fame without any Contron! or Interference of the Commiflioners named or to be named under the Authority of this Aft, as if this Aft had not been made.

“ Saving the Rights of the Corporation of Portfmouth. § 41. Saving “ the Rights of the Bifhop of IVincheJler. §42. Publick Aft. §43.

Cap. cxci.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River 'Thames from the Pre-cinft of the Savoy, or near thereunto, in the County of Middlefex, to the oppoiite Shore, and for making convenient Roads and Avenues to communicate therewith, in the County of Surrey.

“ Company of Proprietors of the Strand Bridge incorporated.—Be-“ fore commencing the Purchafe of Houfes or building the Bridge,

** 6c,coo/, (hall be invefted in Three per Cents. at the B*nk of “ England, and300,000/. aftually fubfcribed.— Special Commifiloners “ (the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Chancellor of the Duchy of “ Lancajler, Speaker of the Houfe of Commons &c.) appointed to

infpeCt the Accounts and fuperintend the Expenditure of the “ Tolls, See.—The Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancajler “ empowered to fell Lands belonging to the King in right of Ilia “ Duchy.

CXXXT. And be it further enafted. That if any Perfon or Perfons Penalty on Per* (hall wilfully and malicioufly, and to the Prejudice of the faid Under-taking, break, throw down, or deftroy any Part of the Bridge to s* eoay* be crefted and made by virtue of this Aft, every fuch Perfon (hall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and every fuch Perfon fo offending, and

[20th June 1S09 ]

being

640

That the Bridge be deemed to be in Middlesex and Surrey.

C. exei, cscii.	490	GEO. III.	A.D.tffop.

^eing thereof lawfully convifted, (hall be fubjeft to the like Punifh-ment ^nd Penalties as in Cafes of Gr*nd Larceny ; and the Court by or before whom fuch Perfon (hall be tried and convifted fhall have Power and Authority to caufe fuch Perfon to be punifhed in like Manner as Felons are direfted to be punift^ed by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm 5 or in Mitigation of fuch Punilhment, fuch Court may award fuch Sentence as the Law direfts in Cafes pf Petty Larceny.

CXXXII. * And, in order to remove all Doubts where and before ‘ whom Offences committed on the faid Bridge (hall and may be

*	cognizable, and how and by whom the Offenders in fuch Cafes may

*	be punifhed ;* Be it further rnafted, That the Half of the faid Bridge, when fcuilt, next adjoining to the County of Middlesex, (hall be deemed to be in the County of Middlcfext and Part of and in the Parifh of Saint Clement Danes; and the other Half of the faid Bridge adjoining to the County of Surrey {hail be deemed to be in the County of Surrey, and Part of and in the Parifh of Saint Mary Latybetb; but fuch Bridge (hall not be deemed or taken to be a County Bridge* fo as to fulyeft the f^id Counties of Middlefc\ or Surrey* or either of {hem, to the repairing qr fupporting the fame.

,	Cap. cxcii.

An Act for more effeftually fupplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Towns of Mtmhejler and Salford in the Parifh of Manchejlery ip the Cpunty Palatine of LaQca/lcr,	[20th June 1809.3

INDEX

 C^ooQle

INDEX

TO THE

PUBL1CK GENERAL ACTS, 49 GEO. III.

* Signifies that the Atl relates esclufively to Ireland.

Accounts (Pubiick) -

Agent General for Volunteers Americau Trade -Appropriation Aft ♦Arms and Ammunition ♦Affixes (Fees at) -—-(Judges of)

Attorniea	-

♦Auftions ....

♦Bank Notes, &c. (Forgery) Bankrupts	-

Baitardy (and See Child Murder) ♦Beer -	-

Boatmen ... ♦Bogs (draining)

Britifh Ships ... Brokerage of Offices

Cape of Good Hope ♦Carriages (Duties Regulation) Chtlfea Hofpital Child Murder

♦Churches, and Glebe Houfes ♦Coal Trade (Dublin)

Coals (Cpaflwife)

Coffee (from African Colonies)

—-----(from Martinique)

■■	- (Encouraging Growth of)

------(roalU.ig)

Commiffi >ners lor auditing Pubiick Accounts

■----------- of	I quiry (Army)

*----------------------(Bogs)

♦— ---------------------(Fees	and

Abufes) ...

-------—— of Land Tax, &c.

Creditors	-	•	-

Cuftom Houfe Officers (Oaths) Cuftom3 (Duties, Confolidation)

*——* (--------  Continuance)

49 Geo. 111.

Cap.

95 ii J

59

12b

76

101

91

28

ICO

13

121

68

57

122

102

41

126

17

75

123 J4

105

72

62

1 x7 61 20

80

95 111 102

5*

55

38

46

9S

74

Cap.

♦Cuftom* (------Regulation) -	116

--------(Penalties, &c.)	-	65,	107

Debtors (by Contempt)	-	6

-------(Infolvect) -	*54,	115

Defence of the Realm -	-	112

Diftiliation (from Corn, prohibited) 7

----------(of Spent Walh) •	24

♦Diftillery (Regulation)	-	99

* Dogs (Duties, Regulations) -	75;

Dover (Lines and Works at) -	39

♦Dublin (Wide Streetaand Coal Trade) 72

Exchequer Bills (iffuing)	-	1

♦Excife Duties (Regulation)	-	II6

Flax Seed (Importation, Bounty)	9

♦-------(Saving, Bounty)	-	29

Friendly Societies -	*38,	12j

Funding Exchequer Bills, Loans, &c.

See Loans.

Glafs (Duties of Excife on)	-	63

♦Glebe Houfes	-	•	103

Good Hope, Cape of .	-	17

Greenwich Hofpital .	-	T2$

♦Gunpowder (Exportation of)	76

Holidays at (Excife Office) 66, *116 ♦Horfea (Duties, Regulation)	•

Importation and Exportation (Cochineal and Indigo)	-	18

-------(Corn and Provifions) 23, 3L

-------(F ax Seed) •	-	9

-------(♦Gun-powder and Arms) 76

------- (North American Colonics) 47

------(Ne va Scotia and New Brunf-

wick.) -	-	-	49

-------(Port of Falmouth, Jamaica) 22

-------(Portsin Europe and Africa) 60

------(Rape Seed)	-	20

-------(Salt Fifh) -	-	26

Tt ' Importation

 LjOOQle

Cap.

Importation and Exportation (Salt, Pepper, and Wine, from Gucrnfey and Jerfey to Sark)	-	62

/——.(SealSkins) -	20

—-■■■	(Spirits from Bermuda to

Canada) -	-	16

—	('Tobacco)	-	-	25

-	■ (Wool from Britifh Planta-

tions)	-	-	-	18

Indemnity, Offices, &c.	-	15

-— (Printers) -	-	69

^Infirmaries -	-	36

Innkeepers (Soldiers) -	*	37

Infolvent Debtors -	*34,	115

Judges (Salaries) -	-	127

• ----(of Affize, in their own Coun-

ties)	-	-	-	91

Juflices of the Peace -	-	65

]Land Tax Redemption	-	67

— ----— Commifiioners of	-	35

Licences, to print Siiks -	bi

'*------, to retail Spirits -	73

Life Annuities	-	64,	*104

Loans, Annuities, Exchequer Bills,

&c. 1, 2, 3, 21, 52, 71, *78, *79, 92, 93, 114.

'Lotteries -	-	94

Malt (Annual Duties)	-	I

* ---(Duties, Regulation)	-	37

Malta, See Prize Ships.

Martinique -	-	61

Merchants	(Frauds	on by Boatmen,

&c.)	-	-	-	122

Militia, Agent General for -	113

-	..—	(Allowances, Adjutants)	S9

■	- -	(----------Subalterns)	88

■	— (Completing) -	53, *36

—	— - (Families)	-	*86,	90

-	- ■ (Inlilling into Regulars) 4, *5

■	— ■ (Pay and Cloathing) -	87

-	■ (*Pay, Cloathing, and Allowances)	-	-	*83

—- (*Raifing and training)	*120

-	..Local, (AmendingAds) 40,48. 82

-	----------   (iniilling)	-	129

Mutiny Ad (Army)	-	12

-	■■	  (Marines)	-	19

Names of Com. of Land Tax, &c.	33

Naval Officers, ( Half Pay. Sec.) 43

--------------,	(Widows*	Penfions)	33

*Naval Stores, (Exportation, &c. of) 76 6

Ckp.

Newfoundland (Judicature) -	27

Newfpapers (Diicount) •	50

Oaths (before Cuftom Houfe Officers) 46 Officers of Excife (Superannuation) 96 Offices (Annual Duties)

------Duties of is. 6d.	32,

*------(Fees and Abufes in) 31,

(Sale and Brokerage of)

Ordnance (Exchanging Lands)

*Paper (Duties, Regulation)

*------(Forging Stamps)

Parliament (Seats in)

Penalties (and Forfeitures, Recovery of) -	-	63,	81,

Perdions (Annual Duties)

— (Duties of is. 6d.)	32,

I

110 1 j6

126

97

77 81 118

107

i

no

— (to Widows of Naval Officers) 35 Pdots	-	-	-	122

Poor (Removal) -	-	124

Portfmouth (Docks)	-	39

*Pofl Office (enlarging)	-	7°

Prize Goods (Duty) -	-	44

— Money (Seamen)	108,	*123

----- Ships (regiftering at Malta)

*	Quarter Seffions (Fees at)

*	Recognizances Records (Publick, regulating)

*	Roads	-

Sale of Offices -	-	126

Salt (Duty, regulating)	-	81

Sdt F;fii (Bounties)	-	26

Salvage -	-	-	122

Scotland (Courts and Appeals) 119 Seal Skins, See Importation.

Seamens Wages, &c.	-	108,

Seats in Parliament Seizures (in Excife Manufadures) ^Servants (Duties, Regulation)

Seffions, See Quarter Seffions.

Ship Owners (Frauds on)

Ships, See Prize Ships, Britiffi Ships. Snk Manufadures -	-	20

Silks (L cences to print, &c.)	-	8i

Smuggling -	-	20,	62,	65

S:iuti (Annual Duties)	-	1

Spirits (Diftillery Regulation)	*99

------(Diftillery from Coru prohibited)	-	-	*7

------(Duty on Spent Wafh) -	24

------(Duties according to Strength)*^

Spirits

3 4 101

83

42

84

118 81 • 75

122

 c^ooQle

CaP*

Spirits (from Sugar, Duties on) *33 ——-: (Importation from Bermuda to Canada)	-	-	16

—	(Intercourse, Sufpenfion)	8,105

*	----Retail Licences -	-	73

**----(Plantation, warehoufing)	30

Stamps (Newfpapers)	-	50

*	----(Spirit-retail Licences) -	73

Sugar (Annual Duties) -	-	1

■■ "■ ■ (ascertaining Price of)* -	43

—	(Drawback, Bounties, and

Countervailing Duties) -	11

*	----(Drawbacks, Bounties, and

Warehoufing)	-	-	30

■ (from Martinique) -	61

Sugar (Raw and Refined, Bounty) Superannuation (of Excife Officers]

♦Taxes, (Regulation) Tobacco (Annual Duties) ---------(Importation)

Underwriters (Fraudson)

Volunteers (Agent General)

Wages of Seamen Warehoused Goods ♦Warehoufing Sugar Widows of Naval Officers Woollen Manufa6turcs Workhoufcs

FINIS.

^43

C«p«

is

96

7 5

1

*5

12Z

113

108 I06

3®

35

109 124

