THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND,

53 GEORGE III. 1813.

LONDON:

Printed by His Majefty’s Statute and Law Printers }

And fold by J. Butterworth and Son, Law BookfeUerj, in Fleet-Street.

1813.

[Price il, 4s. 6d. in Boards]

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Paffed in the FIRST Seflion of the FIFTH Parliament

OF

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland t

53 GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

j. A N Ad to continue, until the Firft Day of QQober One thou* JLX. land eight hundred and thirteen, an A6t of the lad Seflion of Parliament, for allowing the Ufe of Sugar in Brewing Beer in Great Britain *	Pare	I

2.	An Ad to continue, until the Firft Day of OSober One thouiand

eight hundred and thirteen, and amend an Ad of the laft Seflion of Parliament, for prohibiting the making of Starch, Hair Powder and Blue, from Wheat and other Articles of Food; and for fufpending Part of the Duties now payable on the Importation into Great Britain of Starch.	2

3.	An Ad to amend an Ad of the laft Seflion of Parliament, for prohibiting tbe Intercourfe between the Iflands of Jamaica and Saint Domingo.	3

4.	An Ad for granting a Sum of Money for purchaflng an Eftate

for the Marquis of Wellington and his Heirs, in Confideration of the eminent and iignal Services performed by the laid Marquis of Wellington to His Majefty and	the Public.	4

5.	An Ad to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One * thou land eight hundred and fourteen, an Ad of tbe laft Seflion of Parliament* for making more effedual Provifion for preventing the Current Gold Coin of The Realm from being paid or accepted for a greater Value than the Current Value or fuch Coin ; for preventing any Note or Bill of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, from being received for any fmaller Sum than the Sum therein fpecified; ana for flaying Proceedings upon any Diftrefs by Tender of fuch Notes.	17

6.	An Ad to explain and amend an Ad pafled in the Fifty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for the

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England ; and to enlarge the Powers of the fame in certain cafes.	Page 18

y. An Aft to continue until the Thirty firft Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, an Aft made in the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, to prohibit the DiftiUation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in the United Kingdom, and another Aft made in the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, to fufpendthe Importation of Britifb or Irifb made Spirits into Great Britain and Ireland refpeftively ; and to continue the Duties on Worts or Walh made from Sugar in Great Britain, and the Duties on Spirits made from Sugar in Ireland.	22

g, An A& for repealing the Duties and Drawbacks on the lm-portation into and Exportation from Great Britain of Spanijb Red Wine, and for granting others in lieu thereof. *	24

9. An Aft to alter and amend an Aft of the Fifty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, for better fecuring the Duties on Malt. 26 xo. An Aft for charging an additional Duty on Rice imported into Great Britain,	28

11.	An Aft for allowing an additional Drawback on Chocolate

exported.	30

12.	An Aft for indemnifying fuch Perfons as have advifed or afted

under an Order in Council for allowing the Importation of certain Articles into the Weft Indies, and for permitting fuch Importation until the Thirtieth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.	Ibid,

13.	An Aft for authorizing the Afliftant Secretary to the Poft-

mafter General to fend and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty on Poftage.	ax

14.	An Aft to explain fo much of Two Afts, for regulating His

Majefty’s Houfehold and for other Purpofes, as relates to the Powers of the Commidioners for the Care and Management of His Majefty^ Real and Perfonal	Eftate.	Ibid,

15.	An Aft for continuing to His Majefty certain Duties on Malt,

Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Penfions, Offices and Perfonal Eftates in England, for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight	hundred	and thirteen.	32

x6. An A ft for railing the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thou* land Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.	32

17.	An Aft for punifhing Mutiny and Defertion ; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.	53

18..	An Aft for allowing a Drawback of the Duty on Coals ufed in Fire or Steam Engines for railing Ores in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall.	115

19. An Aft to amend an Aft of the laft Seffion of Parliament, to prevent the iffuing and circulating of Pieces of Gold and Silver or , other Metal ufually called Tokens, except fuch as are iffued by the Banks of England and	Ireland refpeftively.	Ibid,

?o. An Aft to allow a limited Proportion of the Corps of Miners to inlift into the Regular Forces. .	117

Si.	An Aft for authorizing the Commifiioners of Cuftoms and Ex-cife to make an Allowance for the neceflary Subfiftence of poor Perfons confined for Debts or Penalties fued for under their Orders.	Ibid,

13	22.	An

(Public General) 53® GEO. Ill*

*2. An Aft for empowering the Commiffioners of Excife to fell Salt feized Duty free, eitner for Exportation or for curing Filh, and to reward the feizing Officer.	Page 118

23.	An Aft to repeal fo much of an Aft of this Seffion as continues

the Prohibition of the making of Starch from Wheat and other Articles of Food.	120

24.	An Aft to facilitate the Adminiftration of Juftice.	Ibid.

25.	An Aft for the regulating of His Majefly’s Royal Marine Forces

while on Shore.	124

26.	An Aft for railing the Sum of Five Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thou-fand eight hundred and thirteen.	153

27.	An Aft for railing the Sum of* One million five hundred thou-fand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen. 154

28.	An Aft to explain and amend an Aft palled in the laft Seffion of Parliament, for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia in England.	Ibid.

2$. An Aft to explain and amend an Aft, palled in the laft Seffion of Parliament, intituled jin A3 for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia in Scotland.	158

30.	An Aft to allow a Bounty on the Exportation of the Manu-

faftures of Refufe or Wafte Silk.	16$

31.	An Aft for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of

March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain f and for fufpending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar, when the Duties impofed by an Aft of the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty mall be fufpended.	Ibid.

32.	An Aft to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March

One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, an Aft for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from IrelandL	169

33.	An Aft for granting certain additional Duties of Cuftoms imported into, and exported from Great Britain.	Ibid\

34.	An Aft for granting to His Majefty additional Duties of Excife in Great Britain, on Tobacco and Snuff, and on French Wines. 175

35.	An Aft to alter and amend feveral Afts pafled in His prefent

Majefty’s Reign, relating to the Redemption of the National Debt$ ana for making further Provifions in refpeft thereof.	181

36.	An Aft to amend an Aft, palled in the Forty third Year of His

prefent Majefty, for regulating the Veflels carrying PalTengers to His Majefty’s Plantations and	Settlements Abroad.	186

37.	An Aft to amend an Aft of the Twenty eighth Year of His pre-

fent Majefty, for allowing the Importation of Rum or other Spirits from His Majefty’s Colonies or Plantations in the Wejl Indies, into the Province of Quebec, without Payment of Duty.	187

38.	An Aft for regulating the Exportation of Corn and other Ar-

ticles to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, the Bay of Chaleur, and the Coaft of Labrador•	189

39.	An Aft to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March

One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, feveral Laws relating to the Traufportation of Felons and other Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement iu England and Scotland.	190

A 3	40. An

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

40.	An Ad to repeal fo much of feveral A 6b, parted in England and

Scotland refpedively, as empowers Jullices of the Peace to rate Wages, or fet Prices of Work, for Artificers, Labourers or Craftf-men.	Page	191

41.	An Ad for granting Annuities to fatisfy certain Exchequer

Bills, and for rajfing a Sum of Money by Debentures for the Service of Great Britain.	Ibid.

42.	An Ad to enable the Commilfioners of His Majefty’s Treafury

to iflue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of fuch Aids or Supplies as have been or (hall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.	202

43.	An Ad for increafing the Rates of Subfiftence to be paid to

Innkeepers and others on Quartering Soldiers.	Ibid.

44.	An Ad for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Wines

confumed by Officers of the Royal Marines ferving on board His Majefty’s Ships.	205

45.	An Ad for repealing Two Ads which prohibit the Exportation

of Brafs and other	Metal from	England.	206

46.	An Ad for the further Regulation of the Butter Trade of Ireland.	Ibid.

47.	An Ad to empower the Officers of His Majefty’s Cufloms to

take Bonds from Perfons under Twenty one Years of Age, ferving as Mates on board of Merchant	Veflels.	208

48.	An Ad to amend the Laws for railing and training the Militia

of Ireland.	Ibid.

49.	An Ad to explain and amend an Ad, parted in the Seventh

and Eighth Years of the Reign of the late King William, as far as relates to the fplitting and dividing the Intereft in Houfes and Lands among feveral Perfons to enable them to vote at Eledions of Members to ferve in Parliament.	211

50.	An Ad for further allowing the Importation and Exportation of

certain Articles at the Ifland of Bermuda.	212

51.	An Ad to relieve the Widows of Military Officers from the

Payment of Stamp Duties on the Receipt of their Penfions in Ire* land.	Ibid.

52.	An Ad to encourage the Diftillation of Spirits from Sugar

in Ireland, and to permit the Warehoufing of fuch Spirits without Payment of the Duty of Excife chargeable thereon.	213

53.	An Ad for railing a further Sum of Money by Debentures for the Service of Great Britain ; and for granting Annuities to fatisfy certain Exchequer Bills'; and for amending an Ad of this Sellion of Parliament for granting Annuities to latisfy certain Exchequer Bills 5 and for raifing a Sum of Money by Debentures. 217

54.	An Ad to amend an Ad made in the Forty ninth Year of His

Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for the further Prevention of the Sale and Brokerage of Offices.	229

55.	An Ad to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, and to amend leveral Ads for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Irelands and to grant, until the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, certain new and additional Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks

5	on

(Public General) $3® GEO. IH.

on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and from	Ireland.	Page	229

56,	An Aft to grant to His Majefty certain Duties of Excife in /re-

land on Malt.	239

57.	An Aft to grant to Hia Majefty certain Duties of Excife in Ire-

land on Tobacco.	243

5!. An Aft to repeal certain Rates and Duties upon Letters and Packets fent by the Poft from or to Dublin, to or from the feveral Poft Towns in Ireland\ and to grant other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof; and to make further Regulations for fecuring the Duties on Letters and Packets fcnt by the Poft in Ireland.	247

59.	An Aft to grant to His Majefty certain Duties and Taxes

in Ireland, in refpeft of Carriages, Horfes, Male Servants and Windows, in lieu of former Duties and Taxes in refpeft of the like Articles.	250

60.	An Aft for the better Colleftion of the Duties on Hides and

Skins tanned or drefled in Oil, and on Vellum and Parchment made in Ireland; and for preventing Frauds on His Majefty's Revenue therein.	258

61.	An Aft for raifing the Sum of Two Millions by way of Annuities and Treafury Bills for the Service of Ireland.	272

62.	An Aft to permit the Entry for Home Confumption of Sugar the Produce or Manufafture of Martinique, Mariegalante, Guadu-loupe, Saint Euflatia% Saint Martin and Saba/ at a lower Rate of Duty than is payable upon Sugar not of the Briti/b Plantations.

. Ibid

63.	An Aft to extend Two Afts of the Forty fifth and Forty ninth

Years of His prefent Majefty to American Prizes.	274

64.	An Aft for the better Regulation of the Court of Seflion in Scot-

land.	27c

65.	An Aft for continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, an Aft made in tho Thirty third Year of His prefent Majefty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland. 279*

$6. An Aft for explaining and clearing up certain Doubts refpefting the Scites of Parifh Churches within Ireland\	280

67.	An Aft for empowering His Majefty to authorize the Importation

and Exportation of certain Articles into and from the Wejl Indies, South America and Newfoundland, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Seflion of Parliament.	Ibid•

68.	An A ft to repeal the Exemption from Toll granted for or in

refpeft of Carriages with more than Two Wheels, carrying the Mail in Scotland; and for granting a Rate for Poftage, as an In* demnity for the Lofs which may arife to the Revenue of the Poft Office from the Payment of fuch Tolh)	281

69.	An Aft for raifing the Sum of Twenty feven Millions by way

of Annuities.	......	_	2H

70.	An Aft to authorize the Sellers of Glafs, Hides, Tobacco

and Snuff, to charge the additional Duties on any fuch Articles ordered before but not delivered until after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twelve.	283

7 r. An Aft for amending 3nd rendering more effeftnal the Laws for the Trials of Controverted Eleftions and Returns of Members to ferve in Parliament.	286

A 4	72.	An



The TITLES of the STATUTES,

72,	An Aft for the more effeftual Adminiftration of the Office

of a Juftice of the Peace within the Townlhips of Manchefier and Salford, in the Hundred of Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancajler; and to provide, by Means of a Rate on the faid Townlhips and otherwife, a competent Salary to a Juftice of the Peace a&ng within the faid Townfhips 5 and to enable the Con-(tables of Manchefier and Salford to take Recognizances in certain cafes.	Page 202

73.	An Aft to declare that the Duties of Excife and Drawbacks,

granted and made payable in Ireland on Tobacco by an Aft of this Seflion, are payable according to the Amount thereof in Britifb Currency.	29c

74..	An Aft to provide for the better Colleftkm of the Duty on Malt made in Ireland.	296

75.	An Ad for the better Regulation of the Cotton Trade in Ireland	3 co

76.	An Aft to extend the Provifions of an Aft, pafled in the Forty

ninth Year of His prefent Majefty for amending the Irijh Road Afts, fo far as the fame relate to the Appointment of Supervifors on Mail Coach Roads, to all Roads made and repaired by Prefent-ment.	311

77.	An Aft to amend an Aft, palled in Ireland in the Nineteenth

and Twentieth Years of His prefent Majefty, for empowering Grand Juries to prefent Bridges, and Tolls to be paid for palling the lame, in certain cafes.	Ibid.

78.	An Aft to continue for Two Years, and from thence until

the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament, Two Afts made in the Forty feventh and Fiftieth Years of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for the preventing improper Perfons from having Arms in Ireland.	315

79.	An Aft for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain cafes to Subaltern Officers of the faid Militia during Peace. Ibid.

80.	An Aft for railing the Sum of Three hundred and thirty thou-

iand Pounds by Treafury Bills for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thoulandeight hundred and thirteen.	322

81.	An Aft to amend feveral Afts relating to the Militia, and to enlifting of the Militia into His Majefty’s Regular Forces. 323

82.	An Aft to amend an Aft made in the Fifty fecond Year of His

prefent Majefty's Reign, intituled An A3 to explain the Exemption from Toll in feveral Adi of Parliament, for Carriages employed in Hu/bandry ; and for regulating the Tolls to be paid on other Carriages, and on Horfes, in certain other cafes thereinfpecifed; and for other Purpofes relating thereto.	325

83.	An Aft to increafe the Allowance to Innkeepers for Diet fur-

nifhed to Soldiers on a March.	327

84.	An Aft for repealing the Duties payable on the Importation of

Wine the Produce of the Cape of Good Hope, *nd its Dependencies, and charging other Duties in lieu thereof.	328

85.	An A ft for amending Two Afta pafled in the Thirty firft and Thirty fecond Years of His prefent Majefty, for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for eftabliftiing a regular Method for the punftual, frequent and certain Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them more fcafily and readily to remit

{Public General) 530 GEO. Ill*

imt the feme for the Support of their Wives and Families, and for prevent ing Frauds and Abufes attending fuch payments. Pare 351 $6. An Aft to explain an Aft made in the Fiftieth Year of His prefent Majefty, for direfting Accounts of Increafe and Diminution of Public Salaries, Penfions and Allowances, to be annually laid before Parliament; and to regulate and controul the granting and paying of fuch Salaries, Penfions and Allowances.	33a

87. An Aft to continue for Seven Years Two Afts pafled iu the Forty eighth and Forty ninth Years of the Reign ot His prefent Majefty, for preventing Frauds by Boatmen and others ; and ad-

i~ufttng Salvage ; and for extending and amending the Laws re-ating to Wreck and Salvage.	333

83 An Aft to fubftitute a Decoration in lieu of an Oath in the Verification of the Books of Perfons dealing in certain Excifeable Articles.	336

89.	An Aft for the more regular Conveyance of Writs for the Eleftion of Members to ferve in Parliament.	340

90.	An Aft to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, and amend fo much of an Act, made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His prefent Majefty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, difembodied under an Aft of the fame Seffion	of Parliament.	343

91.	An Aft for making Allowances in certain cafes to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain while difembodied. 344 9a. An Aft for the Removal of Doubts refpefting the Powers of Archbifhops and Biihops in Ireland, as to demifing the Menfal Lands, not being Demefne Lands, to their refpeftive Sees belonging.	‘	3^8

93. An Aft for granting to Hi6 Majefty a Sum of Money to be raifed by Lotteries.	350

94. An Aft to grant an additional Duty of Excife on Spirits made or diftilled from Corn or Grain in Ireland. '	Ibid.

93. An Aft to provide for the Charge of the Addition to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.	353

96.	An Aft for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia and Local Militia in Great Biitain, for the Year Oue thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.	333

97.	An Aft for allowing Glafs Makers to difpofe of Muriate of Pot-a(h arifing in the Manufafture of Flux for Glafs, for Ufe in the ' Manufafture of Alum, and for charging a Duty of Excife thereon.

362

98.	An Aft for the more correft Afcertainment of the Value of Duty-free Goods exported.	370

99.	An Aft for the more fpeedy and effeftual Trial and Puniftiment of Offences committed by Soldiers detached in places beyond the Seas out of His Majefty’s Dominions.	372

too. An Aft for facilitating the making up and Audit of the Accounts of the Paymafter General of His Majefty’s Forces for the Years One thoufand eight hundred and five, One thoufand eight hundred and fix and One thoufand eight hundred and feven, and for enabling the faid Paymafter General to accept Foreign Bills of Exchange payable at the Bank of England.	373

101.	An



t

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

101.	An Ad to diflolve the Corporation of the Royal Canal Com-

pany in Ireland, and to appoint Commiffioners for inquiring into and examining the Claims of the. Creditors of the faid Company, and other Matters relating to the faid Company; and to provide for carrying on and completing the Canal from Dublin to Tarmem-bury on the River Shannon.	Page 375

102.	An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England. Ibid\

103.	An Ad to authorize the Commiffioners to transfer Excife Licences to the Executors or Adminiftrators of deceafed Licenfed Traders, or to their Succeffors, in the Houfes from which fuch Licenfed Traders (hall have removed.	402

104- An Ad to permit the Entry into Ireland, for Home Consumption, of Sugar, the Produce or Manufadure of Martinique, Mariegalante, Guadeloupe^ Saint Eujlatia, Saint Martin and Saba, at a lower Rate of Duty than is payable upon Sugar not of the Britijh Plantations.	404

105. An Ad to explain and amend an Ad of the prefent Seilion, for granting additional Duties of Cuftoms on Goods, Wares or Merchandize imported into and exported from Great Britain ; for allowing a Drawback on Carrot Tobacco exported 5 for altering the Duties on Pearls imported ; for repealing the additional Duty on Barilla granted by the faid Ad; for allowing a Drawback of the additional Duties of Cuftoms on Timber ufed in the Tin, Lead and Copper Mines of Devon and Cornwall; for afeertaining the time when the Bounty on Goods exported may be claimed ; for better preventing the Clandeftine Exportation of Goods ; and for appropriating the Duties on Sugar, the Produce of Martinique and other Places, granted by an Ad of this Seflion.	406

I06 An Ad to extend the Proviiions of an Ad made in the Forty fifth Year of His prelent Majefty’s Reign, for preventing the Counterfeiting of certain Silver Tokens, to certain other Tokens which have been or may be ifiued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland,	411

107. An Ad for the Appointment of Commiffioners for the Regulation of the feveral endowed Schools of Public and Private Foundation in Ireland.	413

10S. An Ad for altering, explaining and amending an Ad of the Forty eighth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for granting Stamp Duties in Great Britain, with regard to the Duties on re-ifltiable PromifTory Notes, and on Conveyances on the Sale and Mortgage of Property; for better enabling the Commiffioners of Stamps to give Relief in cafes of fpoiled Stamps ; and to remit Penalties for exempting certain Inftruments from Stamp Duty ; and for better fecuring the Duties on Stage Coaches.	426

109.	An Ad to continue, until the Firft Day of Augufl One thou-

fand eight hundred and fourteen, feveral Laws relating to the Duties on Glafs made in Great Britain,	436

110.	An Ad to fufpend the Exportation of Foreign Spirits from Great Britain to the IJle of Man, under Licence from the Com-miffioners of Cuftoms; and to permit the Exportation of a limited Quantity of Irijh Spirits in lieu thereof, under Licence from the Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland, from certain Ports ot that Part of the Kingdom to the faid Ifle, until the Fifth Day of July Onethoufand eight hundred and fourteen. 437

111.	An

(Public General) 530 GEO. III.

x\

Til. An Aft for the more eafy manning of Ships and Vefiels employed in the Southern Whale Fifhery.	Page	438

112.	An Aft to enlarge the Time for commencing Profecutions

for Forfeitures uuder certain Afts relating to the Abolition of the Slave Trade.	439

113.	An Aft for providing Relief for the Poor Prifoners confined in

the King*s Bench, Fleet and Marjbalfca>	Prifons.	Ibid.

114.	An Aft to continue and amend an Aft of the prefent Seffion, to prevent the ifluing and circulating of Pieces of Gold and Silver, or other Metal, ufually called Tokens, except fuch as are iflued by the Banks of England and Ireland refpeftively. 446

115.	An Aft to infure the proper and careful manufafturing of Fire Arms in England; and for making Provifion for proving the Barrels of fuch Fire Arms.	448

116.	An Aft to alter and amend Two Afts, of the Thirty firfl

Year of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of His prefent Maiefty, fo far as relates to the Price and Affize of Bread to be fold out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange.	456

117.	An Aft to prevent Damage to certain Bridges in Scotland from

the floating of Timber.	480

118.	An Aft for railing the Sum of Five millions fix hundred and

feventy thoufand and feven hundred Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.	482

119.	An Aft for raifing the Sum of One Million, by Exchequer

Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.	Ibid.

220. An Aft to enable the Lords of the Treafury of Ireland to iffue to the Commiffioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, a Sum equal to One per Centum on the Amount of Treafury Bills outftanding in every Year.	483

121.	An Aft for making a more convenient Communication from

Mary !e Bone Park and the Northern Parts of the Metropolis, in the Parifh of Saint Mary le Bone to Charing Crofs, within the Liberty of Wejlminjler ; and for making a more convenient Sewage for the fame.	484

122.	An Aft for confirming the Renunciation made by Spencer Perceval Efquire of his renfions on his taking the Office of a

Teller of the Exchequer.	526

123.	An Aft to amend and render more effeftual feveral Afts pailed

for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax.	527

124.	An Aft for allowing the Ufe of Salt, Duty-free, for curing

Conger, Polock, Bream,	Ray and Scate.	558

225.	An Aft to allow a Bounty upon the Exportation of Staffs

of Silk ornamented with Embroidery, Tambour, Needle Work, Lace or Fringe 5 and upon the Exportation of Ribbons m^de of Silk mixed with Incle or Cotton.	Ibid.

226.	An Aft to extend the Provifions of an Aft of the Ninth and

Tenth Year of King William the Third, for preventing the Embezzlement of Store3 of War, to all Public Stores.	559

127.	An Aft for the better Regulation of Ecclvfiaftical Courts in England; and for the more eafy Recovery of Church Rates

and Tithes.

560 128. An



The TITLES of the STATUTES,

128.	An Ad to relieve from the Operation of the Statute of the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An AS for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popijh Recufants, all fuch of His Majefty’s Popifti or Roman Catholic Subjsds of Ireland as, by virtue of the Ad of Parliament of Ireland of the Thirty third Year of His Majefty’s Reign,

. intituled An AS for the Relief of His Majefty's Popijh or Roman Catholic SubjeSs of Ireland, hold, exercife or enjoy any Civil or Military Offices or Places of Truft or Profit, or any other Office whatsoever, of which His Majefty’s faid Subje&s are by the (aid Ad of Parliament of Ireland rendered capable. Page $66

129.	An Ad to amend an Ad made in the Forty ninth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for the further Prevention of the Sale and

' Brokerage of Offices, fo far as relates to the Offices of the Six Clem in the Court of Chancery in Ireland.	568

130.	An Ad to continue, until the Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, or in cafe Parliament fhall not have anembled before the faid Firft Day of Januaryr, then until Three Weeks after the then next Meeting of Parliament, certain Ads for appointing Commiffioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Penquifites and Emoluments received in feveral Public Offices in Ireland, to examine into any Abufes which may exift in the fame, and into the mode of receiving, colkding,

. iffuing and accounting for Public Money in Ireland.	Ibid.

231. An Ad to make further Regulations for the Building aud Repairing of Court Houfes and Seffions Houfes in Ireland.	570

32.	An Ad to extend the Services of the Militia of the Tower Hamlets to all Parts of the United Kingdom*	574

133.	An Ad to amend an Ad of the prelent Seffion of Parliament,

for granting a Sum of Money for purchafing an Eftate for the Marquis of Wellington and his Heirs, in confideration of the eminent and fiznal Services performed by the faid Marquis of Wellington to His Majefty and the Public.	575

134.	An Ad to amend an Ad of the Forty fixth Year of His

prefent Majefty, for fettling and fecuring a certain Annuity, and tor purchafing an Eftate for the Earl Nelf on.	577

135.	An Ad to continue until the Firft Day of Augujl One

thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, Two Ads of the Forty fifth and Fiftieth Years of His prefent Majefty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and WJtminJler by Inland Navigation.	580

136.	An Ad for granting to His Majefty certain Sums of Money

out of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Seffion of Parliament.	581

137.	An Ad to amend the feveral Ads for regulating Licences

for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder, bv Retail, in Ireland.	593

138.	An Ad for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland. 597

439. An Ad for exempting Bankers, and others from certain

Penalties contained in an Ad of the laft Seffion of Parliament, for the further Prevention of the Counterfeiting of Silver Tokens iiTued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

called



(Public General) 53* GEO. HI.

called Dollars, and of Silver Pieces iffued and circulated by the Governor and Company, called Tokens ; and for the further Prevention of Frauds pradifed by the Imitation of the Notes or Bills of the faid Governor and Company.	Pare 624

140.	An Ad to amend an Ad palled in the laft Seffion of Par-

liament, intituled An A8 for the more ejfeQnal Regulation of Pilots f and of the Pilotage of Ships and Veffiels on the Coafi of England, and for the Regulation of Boatmen employed in fupplying Veffels with Pilots licenfed under the faid Ad, fo far as relates to the Coaft of Kent, within the Limits of The Cinque Ports.	626

141.	An Ad to repeal an Ad of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefly, intituled An A9 for regiftering the Grants of Life Annuities $ and for the better Protection of Infants againfl Juch Grants, and to fubftitute other Provifions in lieu thereof. 631

142.	An Ad to explain and amend feveral Ads relative to the Land

143.	An Ad to dired the Application of the Sum of

thoufand Pounds, and of fuch further Sums as may be granted for the Benefit of the Company of Undertakers of the Grand Canal in Ireland.	639

144.	An Ad to amend an Ad of the Parliament of Ireland of the

Fortieth Year of His prefent Majefly, for promoting Inland Navigation in Ireland.	644

143. An Ad to amend the feveral Ads for regulating the Diftillation of Spirits in Ireland.	643

146.	An Ad to amend an Ad made in the Forty fifth Year of His prefent Majefly, intituled An A8 to amend the Laws for improving and keeping in Repair the Poft Roads in Ireland, and for rendering the Conveyance of Letters by His Majefly9s Pojl Office more fecure and expeditious.

147.	An Ad for the better fecuring the Excife Duties on Spilrks in Great Britain, and for rectifying a Miftake in an Ad of the lafl Seffion of Parliament, for granting certain Duties on Worts

148.	An Ad to provide for the more effedually preventing

illicit Diflillation of Spirits in	Ireland.	637

149.	An Ad for the further Support and Maintenance of Stipendiary

Curates.	662

130.	An Ad for the more fpeedy and effedual Examination and

Audit of the Accounts ot Military Expenditure in Spain and Portugal9 for removing Delays in palling the Public Accounts, and for making new Arrangements for conduding the Bufinefs of the Audit Office.	672

131.	Ain Ad for regulating the Office of Regiflrar of the High Court of Admiralty and High Court of Appeals for Prizes. 674

152. An Ad to continue, until the Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, an Ad made in the Fifty firfl Year of His prefent Majefly, to explain and amend the Laws touching the Ele&ions of Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for England, refpeding the Expences of Huftings and Poll Clerks, fo far as regards the City of Weftmmjler.	<&77

133. An Ad to enable His Majefly to grant additional Annoities to the Judges of the Courts in Wtflminfier Hally on their Refigua-

Tax.

or Wafh made from Sugar.

tion of their Offices.

2

15+-



 >



The TITLES of the STATUTES,

*154# An Ad to render valid and to authorise the Payment and granting of certain Penfions at Kilmainham Hofpital 5 and to empower the Commiilioners of the laid Hofpital to commute Penfions for a Sum of Money in certain cafes.	Page	679

155. An Ad for continuing in the Eafi India Company for a further Term the Pofleffion of the Britijb Territories in India9 together with certain exclufivc Privileges; for eftablifhing further Regulations for the Government of the (aid Territories and the better Adminidration of Judice within the fame; and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the laid Company’s Charter.	681

156 An Ad to provide for the Payment of the Charge of the Annuities created in refped of the Sum of Six Millions granted for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thoufand eight huodred and thirteen.	735

157. An Ad for granting the Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds to John Palmer Efguire, in conlideration of the Public Service! performed by the laid John Palmer, in the Improvement of the Poll Office Revenue.	736

jy8. An Ad for veding in His Majedy certain Parts of Windfor For eft 9 in the County of Berks, and for inclofing the Open Commonable Lands within the faid Fored.	Ibid,

159.	An Ad to limit the Refponfibility of Ship Owners in certain

cafes.	792

160.	An Ad to relieve Perfons who impugn the Dodrine of the

Holy Trinity from certain Penalties.	797

l6u An Ad for enabling His Majedy to raife the Sum of Five Millions, for the Service of Great Britain ; and for applying the Sum of Two hundred thoufand Pounds Britijb Currency for the Service of Ireland.	Ibid,

162, An Ad to repeal a certain Provifion refpeding Perfons con-vided of Felony without Benefit of Clergy, contained in an Ad made in the Fifty-fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majedy, for the Eredion of a Penitentiary Houfe for the Confinement of Perfons convided within the City of London and County of Middlefesc, and for	making other Provifions in lieu

thereof.	798

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

i.	AN Ad to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Ad of His XJL prefent Majedy, for repairing the Road from the Guide Pod near Sudden Bridge, in the Pariih of Rochdale, to Bury, and a Branch therefrom, all in the County Palatine of Lasuajler.

Pagt 799

ii.	An Ad for enlarging the Powers of an Ad of His prefent

Majedy, for repairing Roads leading to and from Tiverton, in the County of Devon, and for making a new Road to communicate therewith.	Ibid.

iii.	An



Xf

(Local £5* Perfottal) 53* GEO. III.

ikL An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ada of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from the Exeter Turnpike at Reedy Gate in the rarifti of Dunsford, to Cberrybrooi in the Foreft of Dartmoore, in the County of Devon. Page 800 I* An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of His prefent Majefly, for repairing the Road from Little Bowden, in the County of Northampton, to Rockingham, in the faid County.

Ibid.

W. An Ad for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Ad of the Seventeenth Year of His prefent Majefty, for building a Bridge at Maifmore, in the County of Gloucefier.	Ibid•

wi. An Ad for repairing the Road from the City of Coventry to the Rugby Turnpike Road, in the Parifli of IVolvey, in the County of Warwick.	Ibid.

vii.	An Ad for continuing and amending Two Ads of His prefent

Mrefty, for repairing teveral Roads in the County of Glamorgan, io far as they relate to the Roads comprized in the Llantrijffent Diftrid.	Ibid.

viii.	An Ad for altering and enlarging the Provifions of an Ad

of His prefent Majefty, for improving the Town of Kilmarnock, in the County of Ayr.	Ibid.

%. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of Hi| prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from the City of Norwich to North Wal/ham, in the County of Norfolk.	Ibid.

g. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from the City of Norwich to S waff ham, and from Honingbam to Yaxham, in the County of Norfolk, and alfo a Lane called Hangman'/ Lane, near # the Gates of the faid City.	Ibid.

pi. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the Road from Bawtry, in the County of York, to Eaft Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham, and from Little Drayton to Twyford Bridge, in the faid County of Nottingham.	801

gii. An Ad for enlarging the Terra and Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dunham Ferry to the South End of Great Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham.	Ibid.

gift. An Ad for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Ad made in the Thirty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, for making and repairing the Road from the Town of Lanark to the	Town	of Hamilton, in the County of

' Lanark.	Ibid.

gir. An Ad for indofing Lands in the Parifli of Grid, in the County of Norfolk.	Ibid.

XT. An Ad for indofing Lands in the Pari(h of Fawley, in the County of Southampton.	Ibid.

gvi. An Ad for inctofing Lands in the Parifh of Wit ham on the Hill, with Mantborpe, Toft and Lowed, in the County of Lincoln.

Hid.

gvii. An Ad for incloftng Lands in the Parifli of AJkham Richard, in the County of the City	of	York	Ibid.

gfiii. An Ad for indofing Lands in the Parifli of Haburgh, in the County of Lincoln.	Ibid.

xix.	An

A



The TITLES of the STATUTES,

xix.	An Ad for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, to

unite the Rivers Wey and Arun, in the Counties of Surry and Sujfex.	Page 802

xx.	An Ad for enlarging the Powers of an Ad of His prefent

Majefty, for fupplying with Water the Towns of Manehefer and Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancafter.	Ibid'.

xxi.	An Ad for altering and amending Two Ads of the Seven-

teenth and Forty fecond Years of His prefent Majefty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parifh of Saint Mary IJlingtonf in the Connty of M'tddlefex; and for buildings * Workhoufe for the faid Pariih.	Ibid.

xxii.	An Ad for making a Road from Beach Down near Battle,

to Heatbjield, and from Robertjbridge, to Hoods Comer, all in the County of Suffex.	Hid.

xxiii.	An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads

of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads from Market Harborough to Loughborough, and from Filling Gate to the Melton Mowbray Tumpike Road, in the County of Leicejler.	Ibid•

xxiv.	An Ad for enlarging the Terra and Powers of an Ad of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Parifnes of Toxford* Saxmundham and Benhall, in the County of Suffolk, to the Town of Aldeburgh, in the faid County. Ibid.

xxv.	An Ad for continuing and amending an Ad of His prefent

Majefty, for repairing the Roads leading from Bowes in the (Jounty of Yorky through Barnard Caflle and Bijhop Auckland, to join the Great North Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the County of Durham.	Ibid.

xxvi.	An Ad for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers of an

Ad, of the Forty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads leading from Taviftoek to Old Town Gate, in the Borough of Plymouth, and from Manadon Gate to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon.	'	803

xxvii.	An Ad for continuing and amending Five Ads paffed for

repairing feveral Roads leading from the Towns of Hertford aod Ware, and other Places, in the County of Hertford'.	Ibid.

xxviii.	An Ad for effeding an Exchange between the Dean and

Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Hereford, and the Right Honourable John Sommers Lord Sommers, of certain Eftates in the County of Hereford\	Ibid.

xxix.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Manor and Townfhip of

Buglawton, in the County of Chefer.	Ibid.

xxx.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Rollejby, in the

County of Norfolk.	Ibid.

xxxi.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifti of Melkjbam%

in the County of Wilts.	Ibid.

xxxii.	An Ad to amend an Ad of the laft Seffion of Parliament for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Grand Jundion Canal, in the Parifh of Paddington, to the River Thames in the Parifh of Limehoufe, with a Collateral Cut in the Pariih of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlefex.

Ibid.

xxxiii.	An Ad for railing a further Sum of Money for the Im-

provement of the Harbour of Leith, and Works therewith- cea-neded.	Ibid.

xxxiv.	An



{Local & Perfonal) 53* GEO. HI.	gfti

xxxiv.	An Ad for explaining and amending an Ad of His prefent Majefty, for conftruding a Harbour at Porthleven in Mount9!

Bay, in the County of Cornwall.	Page 803

xxxv.	An Ad for improving the Pier and Port of Hartlepool, in the

County of Durham.	I04

xxxvi.	An Ad to authorize the Company of Proprietors of the Weft Middlefex Waterworks to raife a further Sum of Money, for enabling them more effectually to carry on their Works. Ibid.

xxxvii.	An Ad for enlarging the Powers of an Ad of His prefent

Majefty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Hamlet of Mile End New Town, in the Pariih of Stepney, in the County of Middlefex, and other Purpofes ; and for better, collecting the Poor Rates in the (aid Hamlet,	Ibid.

xxxviii.	An Ad for more effedually paving, cleanfing, lighting,

watching and regulating certain Parts of Piccadilly and Park Lane, in the Parifh of Saint George Hanover Square, in the County of Middlefex ; and alfo the feveral Squares, Streets, Lanes and other public Paffages and Places within the faid Pariih ; and for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Ad of the Twenty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, relative to the above Purpofes, and to the Poor of the faid Pari flu	Ibid.

xxxix.	An Ad for amending an Ad paffed in the Forty firft Year

of His prefent Majefty, refpeding the High Roads in the County of Selkirk.	Ibid.

xl. An Ad for more effedually amending, widening and keeping in.

Repair, the Road leading from the North End of the Turnpike Road called The Coal Road, near Weft Auckland, in the County of Durham, to the Elfdon Turnpike Road, at or near Eli/haw, in the County of Northumberland.	Ibid.

xli. An Ad for more effedually repairing the Road from the Horfefhoe Corner, in Godmanchefter, in the County of Huntingdon, to the South Eaft End of Caftle Street, in the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge.	Ibid.

xlii. An Ad tor enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Burford, in the County of Oxford, to Leach lade, in the County of Gloucefter ; and alfo the Road from thence through Highworth to the Cricklade and Swindon Turnpike Road, in the County of Wilts.	Ibid.

xliii. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from the Eaton Bridge Turnpike Road at Cockham Hill, in the Pariih of Weft-erham, in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road from Croydon to Godftone, in the County of Surry.	805

xliv. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Great Marlow, in the County ot Buckingham, to Stokenchurcb, in the County of ■ Oxford.	Ibid.

xlv. An Ad for (hutting up a Road and Footpath, leading from Cqftleford to Ferrybridge, in the County of York.	Ibid.

xlvi. An Ad to continue the Term and alter the Powers of feveral Ads of the Thirty fourth. Thirty feventh and Forty fifth Years of His Maiefty’s Reign, for repairing feveral Roads in the Counties of Clackmannan and Perth.	Ibid.

53 Gso« III.	a	xlvii.	An



The TITLES of the STATUTES,

xffni

Klvii. Ad Ad for continuing aid amending Two Ads of Hit r-' 11 r	1	-* the Road from Lewes

*h	w	owers	of	Four	levend

Ads, pafled in the Thirty firft Year of the Reign of Hie late Majefty King George the Second, and m the Firft, Eighteenth and Thirty feveoth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of Tork, fo far as the fame relate to the Road from Wakefield to Sheffield, and for diverting a Part of the faid Road.	Ibid.

xlix. An Ad for enabling the Prebendary of Cantlowes, in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London, to grant a Leafe, with Powers of Renewal, of the Prebendal Lands of Kentijh Town, in the County of Middlefex.	Ibid.

1.	An Ad for veftiog Part of the Settled Eftates of the Right Honourable Philip Earl of Chfierfield, in Truftees, in Truft to be fold ; and for laying out the Monies arifing from fuch Sales, in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	806

ii. An Ad for veiling certain Eftates of the Right Honourable William Charles Earl of Albemarle, at Elveden otherwife Eldon, and Bar dwell, in the County of Suffolk, devifed by the Will of the Right Honourable Augufius ViTcount Kepbel, in Truftees, upon Truft to fell the fame; and to apply the Money arifing from the Sale thereof in the Purchafe of Eftates contiguous to the Family Eftates of the faid Earl in the County of Norfolk, to be fettled to the fubfifting Ufes of the laid Will of the fiud Augufius Vifcount Keppel,	Ibid.

lii. An Ad for vefling certain Eftates belonging to the See of Tork, in Truftees for Sale, and for applying the Monies thence arifing in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Eftates fold.	Ibid.

liii. An Ad for veiling certain detached Settled Eftates of Sir John Chandos Reade Baronet, in Truftees, to be fold, for paying off Incumbrances thereon, and for purchaGng other Eftates to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	Ibid.

liv. An Ad for indoiing Lands in the Parilh of Stonleigb, in the County of Warwick.	Ibid.

lv. A11 Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of AJhley, in the County of Stafford.	Ibid.

Ivi. An Ad for inclofing Lands in Ecchinfwell, in the County of Southampton.	Ibid.

fvii. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Stow Bedon, in the County of Norfolk.	Ibid.

iviii. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Laughton, in the County of Suffex.	Ibid

lix. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Hardingbam, in the County of Norfolk.	807

lx. An Ad for mdofiog Lands in Wraxed!, Nailfea and Bowrton, in the County of Somerfet.	Ibid.

|xi. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Skelton in Cleveland, in the County of Tork.	Ibid.

Ixii. An Ad for paving and otherwife improving certain Streets and other Public Pafiages and Places which ate or (hall be made

upor



six

(Local & Perfonal) 530 GEQ. QL

upon certain Pieces of Ground belonging to His Majefty, in the feveral Pariihes of Saint Mary le bone and Saint Ponerasy in the County of Middlefex, called Mary le bone Park. Page 807 lxiii. An Ad for altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of feveral Aits for making and repairing certain Roads leading into the City of Glafgot0, fo far as they relate to that Part of the Road from the City of Glafgow to the Town of Dumbarton, which leads fromToker Bridge to the Town of Dumbarton. Ibid. lxiv. An A& to continue the Term, and to continue, enlarge and amend the Powers of Two Ads of His prefent M«yefty, for amending, widening and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from Ludlowfacb to the Town of Llandovery ; and from thence to the River Ammant in the County of Carmarthen% and feveral other Roads in the fame County, communicating therewith ; and for making feveral new Branches of Road to communicate with the faid Roads.	Ibid.

ixv. An Ad for making and maintaining a Carriage Road from Padbrooke Bridge in the Parifti of Cullomptont to Ha%el Stone in the Parifti of Broad Clift, in the County of Devon.	Ibid.

lxvi. An Ad for exchanging Part of the Settled Eftates of the Right Honourable Francis Earl of Motra% fituate in England, for Part of the Eftates of the Right Honourable Flora Mure Countefs of Loudoun% his Wife, fituate in Scotland.	Ibid.

lxvii. An Ad for inclofing Lands in Long A/btony in the County of Somerfet.	808

Ixviii. An Ad for inclofing Lands within the Manor of Rampijham in the Parifhe8 of Rampijham and IVeJl Cbelborougby in the County of Dorfet.	Ibid.

lxix. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of Flinty in the County of Flint.	Ibid.

lxx. An Ad for reviving, amending and making perpetual, an Ad pafied in the Parliament of Irelandy in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for the better Regulation of the Butter Trade of the City of Corky and the Liberties thereof; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.	Ibid.

lxxi. An Ad for regulating Covent Garden Market.	Ibid.

lxxii. An Ad for enlarging the Powers of an Ad of His prefent Majefty for widening and improving Upper Eafl Smitbjieldy in the Parifti of Saint Botolpb without Aldgate, in the County of Middlefex.	Ibid.

Ixxiii. An Ad for altering and amending Three Ads of the Sixth Year of Queen Anney the Thirty fecond Year of King George the Second, and the Twenty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for ereding a Workhoufe in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Dcvony and for fetting the Poor on Work, and maintaining them there.	Ibid.

Ixxiv. An Ad for enabling William Ogilvie Efquire, to purchafe Lands for opening fufficient Roads to and Communications with the Harbour of Ardglafsy in the County of Down.	Ibid.

lxxv. An Ad for amending an Ad of the Tenth Year of His prefent Majefty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal, and Waggon Way, from the Collieries in the Parifhes of Old and New Monklandy to the City of GUfgow.	899

a 2	lxxvi.	An



XI

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

lxxvi, An Ad for altering and amending an Ad made in th Twenty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, for confirming Charter or Letters Patent granted by His Majefty to tl Royal College and Corporation of Surgeons of the City < Edinburgh, and for eftablifhing a Fund for a Provifion to tl Widows and Children of the Members of the (laid Corporation ar their Clerk.	Pare	8c

lxxvii. An Ad for ereding and maintaining a new Gaol, and oth Buildings, for the County and City of Edinburgh.	Ibt

lxxviii. An Ad for making an equal County Rate for the Coun of Oxford.	IH

lxxix. An Ad for amending, enlarging and extending the Pow< of Two feveral Ads pafTed in the Forty ninth and Fiftieth Ye? of His prefent Majefty, relating to the Execution of the Coi million of Sewers for the Limits extending from Eajl Mould in Surry, to Ravenjborne in	Kent.	8

Ixxx. An Ad for uniting the Interefts and Concerns of the P prietors of the Chejler Canal and Ell/fmere Canal; and amending the feveral Ads of His prefent Majeftyy relating to i faid Canals.	II

lxxxi. An Ad for enlarging the Powers of an Ad of King Geo the Second, and an Ad of His prefent Majefty, for Drain Lands in Waterbeach Level, in the County of Cambridge. / hexxii. An Ad for more eftedually paving, lighting, watching ;

improving the Town of Margate% in the County of Kent. / lxxxiii. An Ad for paving, cleanfing, lighting, watching otherwife improving the Streets and other public Paffages Places in Kidderminjler, in the County of Woreejler.	1

Ixxxiv. An Ad for paving, lighting, watching and improving Hamlet of Poplar and Black wall, in the County of Middlej and for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of laid Hamlet.

Ixxxv. Au Ad for providing additional Burying Ground for Parifti of Saint Mary Abbotts Kenfingtonf in the Count'* Middlefex.	a

Ixxxvi. An Ad for building a Chapel of Eafe for the Parifl Clapham, in the County of Surry. txxxvn. An Ad to amend an Ad, palled in the Fifty firft Ye His prelent Majefty, for ereding a Bridge over the River Tbi from the City of London to the oppofite Bank in the Pari I Saint Saviour, in the County of Surry. lxxxvni. An Ad to continue Three Ads made in the Fifteenth Thirty firft Years of the Reign of His late Majefty King Georg Second, and in the Thirty firft Year of the Reign of His m Majefty, laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scott9 or One fixth P; a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, \ (hall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or fold withi Town of Kirkcaldy and Liberties thereof, lxxxix. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an A His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Peterborot Thoruey, in the Ijle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge. xc. An Ad to alter and enlarge the Powers of Three A6U o prefent Majefty for repairing the Highways from that P; Counter’s Bridge which lies in the rarifti of Kenfington, i



XXI

{Local to* Perfotial) 53* GEO. III.

County of Middkfex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounflow, to the Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the Road to Colnlrook, and feveral other Roads in the faid County, fo far as the fame relate to the New Di/lrid of Road therein described.	Page	820

xci. An A& to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Ad of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Cornhill Bum to Mtlfield March Burn, and by Ford Bridge to Lowick, and other Roads in the faid Ad mentioned, in the Counties of Northumberland and Durham ; and for making Two new Branches of Road to communicate therewith.	Ibid.

xcii. An Ad for amending the Roads and Highways ia the IJle of Wight.	Ibid.

xciii. An Ad for continuing and amending Three Ads of His late and prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road fromHitchin to Bedford\ and the Roads branching therefrom, through Henlow to Gerford Bridge and to Arlefey, in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford-

Hid.

xciy. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of His prefent Maiefty, for more effedually repairing the Road from Stump Crofs to Newmarket Heath, and other Roads therein mentioned, m the County of Cambridge; and for empowering the Truftces to ered a Weighing Engine near to the faid Road.	Ibid.

xcv. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Maiefty, tor repairing the Road from Downham Market to the Queen9! Head, and from the Checquer Inn in Downham Market to tlie Two Mile Clofe9 in the Parifn of Barton, in the County of Norfolk.	821

xcvi. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Steeple AJhton, in the County of Wilts.	Ibid.

xcvii. An Ad for vetting Part of the Eftates, fettled by the Will of Thomas Riddell Efquire, deceafed, in Truftees, to be fold ; and for applying the Money by fuch Sale arifing, in the Difcharge of Incumbrances affe&ing the fame; and for mvefting the Reudue of fuch Money in the Purchafe of other Eftates in the County of Northumberland, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	Ibid.

xcviii. An Ad for enabling the Principal and Scholars of Braxen Nofe College, Oxford, to fell the Manor and Farm of Gcnnings Court Rent9 to Sir John Gregory Shaw, Baronet, and to apply the Money thence arifing in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	Ibid.

xcix. An Ad for vetting the Settled Eftates of Robert Holden Efquire, fituate in the County of York, and Narmanton, in the County of Nottingham, in Truft to be fold, and for laying out the Purchafe Money in other Eftates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.

Ibid.

c. An Ad for vefting certain Eftates in the County of Wefimorland in James Adam Efquire, difeharged of the Ufes of the Will of the Reverend James Barker, deceafed; and for fettling other Eftates

in lieu thereof; and for other Purpofes.	Ibid.

ci. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Mano of Thurgoland, in the County of York.	Ibid.

cii. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Pari (h	Uphill,	in the

County of Somerfet.	Ibid.

a 3	ciii.	Am



xxii

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

ciii. An A61 for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Buckden% in the County of Huntington,	Page 821

civ. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Manor and Townftiip of Wike9 in the County ofTork.	822

cv. An Ad for repealing an Ad pafled in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for dividing and inclofing the Open Commons in the Manor of Shap, in the County of Weilmorland ; and for granting other Powers for dividing, allotting and inclofing the faid Lanas and Grounds.	Ibid.

cvi. An Ad for inclofing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parifh of Stukeleyt in the County of Huntingdon, Ibid. cvii. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Waterbeach, in the County of Cambridge.	Ibid.

cviii. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Elvetham, in the County of Southampton,	Ibid.

cix. An Ad for inclofing Lands within the Townfhips of Whittington and Newton with Docker,	in the Parifh of Whittington, in

the County Palatine of Lancajler.	Ibid

cx. An Ad to provide for the Diftribution, Payment and Application of certain Monies and Effeds, refunded or paid, or to be refunded or paid, by or on Behalf of the Government of Sweden, among the rerfons having Claims thereon in confequence of certain Detentions, Sequeftrations and Condemnations by that Government, in the Years Oncthoufand eight hundred ana ten, One thoufand eight hundred and eleven and One thoufand eight hundred and twelve.	Ibid,

cxi. An Ad for the more equal AfTefTment of Money prefented to be raifed by the Grand Jury of the Countv of the City of Cork; and for a new Valuation of the faid City ana Survey of the Liber; ties thereof; and for other Purpofes relative to Grand Juries. 839 cxii. An Ad for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; and for the Enlargement of the Burial Grounds in the Parifh of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlefex ; and for other Purpofes relating to the faid Parifh.	Ibid.

cxiii. An Ad for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor; and for making a more adequate Provifion for the Redor, of the Parifh of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green in the County of Middlefex ; and for more effedually lighting, watching, cleanfing and Streets and other public Places of and within

Oxiv. An Ad for ereding a Church in the Townfhip of Evertonf in the Parifh of Walton on the Hill', in the County of Lancajler, Ibid. Cxv. An Ad for eftablifhing and regulating the Market, and for enlarging and improving the Market Place at Hanley, in the County ox Stafford.	840

cxvi. An Ad to amend an Ad, pafled in the Fifty fecond Year of Hi9 prefent Maiefty, intituled An AS to enable Juflices of the Peace to order Parochial Relief to Prifoners confined under Mefne Procefs for Debtf in fuch Gaols as ate not County Gaols, fo far as regards the Parifh of Saint George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark > in the County of Surry and the Parifh of Saint Bridget otherwife Saint Bride9 in the City of London.	Ibid.

cxvii. An Ad for ereding and maintaining a new Gaol for the County aod City of Perth; and for other Purpofes relating

Ibid,

thereto.

cxviii. An





(Local bf Perfortal) 530 GEO. HI.

xxiii

cxviii. An Aft for paving and improving the Town of Warrington, in the County of Lancaficr ; ana for building a New Bridewell in the faid Town.	Page	840

cxix. An Aft to enable the Kennet and Avon Canal Company to raife a further Sum of Money to purchafe the Shares of the River Ken-net Navigation 5 and to amend the feveral Afts pafied for making the faid Canal.	Ibid.

cxx. An Aft for explaining and amending an Aft of His prefent Majefty, for making a Navigable Canal from the River Thames or IJis, near Abingdon in the County of Berks, to join the Kennet and Avon Canal, near Trowbridge in the ^County of Wilts ; and certain Navigable Cuts.	Ibid*

cxxi. An Aft to enlarge the Powers of an Aft of His prefent Majefty, for embanking, draining and inclofing Lands in the Parifties of Abergele, Saint AJaph, Rhydlan, Dtferth and Melident and the Franchife of Rhydlan, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint* Ibid* cxxii. An Aft for enlarging the Powers of Two Afts of His prefent Majefty, for better fupplying the Town and Port of Liverpool with Water.	Ibid*

cxxiii. An Aft to amend an Aft made in the Thirty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty for building a Bridge over the River Slaney at Wexford\	841

cxxiv. An Aft to amend an Aft made in the Thirty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, for building a Bridge over tne River Slaney, at Ferry Car rig, m the County of Wexford*	Ibid.

cxxv. An Aft for further improving the Communication between the County of Edinburgh and the County of Fife, by the Ferries crofs the Frith of Forth, between Leith and Newhaven, in the County of Edinburgh, and Kinghorn and Bruntifland in the County of.

cxxvi. An Aft for providing a Fund for Annuities for Widows of Members of the Incorporation of Bakers of the City of Edinburgh*	Ibid.

cxxvii. An Aft for amending an Aft of His prefent Maiefty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundreds of Colneis and Carlford, in the County of Suffolk.	Ibid\

cxxviii. An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Cherrill, through e, and other Roads therein mentioned, in

cxxix. An Aft for continuing and amending Three Afts, for repairing the Road from the City of Durham to Tyne Bridge in the County of Durham*	Ibid.

cxxx. An Aft to continue and amend Two Afts of the Ninth and Thirtieth Years of His prefent Majefty, for amending the Road from Bijhopffcate Bridge, in the City of Norwich, to a Stone formerly called the Two mile Stone, where the Norwich Road joins the Caijler Caufeway, Two Miles and a Half fhort of the Town of Great Yarmouth.	Ibid.

cxxxi. An Aft for amending the Road from Earls Kill, in War-rington, to the Toll Bars in Wallgate, in Wigan, in the County of Lancafter.	842

cxxxiu An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of King George the Second) ana an Aft of His prefent Majeity. for

Ibid.

a 4

repairing

XXIV

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

repairing the Road from Sbrcwjbvry to Wrexham, and federal other Roads in the Counties of Denbigh* Chefier and Flint* fo far as relates to the Road in the County of Flint* called The Mold DiflriS.	Fage 842

exxxiii. An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of H19 prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from the Neat Enftone and Chipping Norton Turnpike Road, through Bieejler to Wejton on the Green* 10 the County of Oxford* and for making a new Branch of Road to communicate therewith.	Ibid.

cxxxiv. An Aft for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Aft palTed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for amending and improving the Road leading from the Town of Rochdale* to a Place called Edenfield* in the Parilh of Bury, in the County of Lancajler.	Ibid.

cxxxv. An Aft for continuing and amending Two Afts of Hia prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Shelton to Blakely Lane Head and from BucknaUto Wefion Coyney, in the County of Stafford; and alfo for altering and repairing the Road from Hd-derley Green to Lane End, in the fame County.	Ibid.

cxxxvi. An Aft to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Aft palled in the Forty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, for affeffing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Rofs* towards the Expence of making and fupporting certain Roads and Bridges therein ; and of an Aft paffed in the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the Counties of Rofs and Cromarty, and Part of the County of Nairn, locally fituated in the County of Rofs ; and of an Aft paifed in the Fiftieth Year of His prefent Majefty, for amending and enlarging the Powers of the Two firft mentioned Afts.	Ibid.

cxxxvii. An Aft for enlarging the Powers of an Aft of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading* and from the faid Bridge to Henley Bridge in the County of'JBerkSf fo far as relates to the Third Dtftria of the faid Roads.

cxxxviii. An Aft for veiling certain Eftates devifed by the WiS of Sir Edward Lloyd Baronet, deceafed, in Truftees, t® be fold, and for laying out the Money to arife by fuch Sale in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled under the Dircftion of the Court of Chancery to the fame Ufes.	Ibid.

cxxxix. An Aft for effeftuating an Exchange of Lands belonging to the Bilhoprick of Worcefler for Lands belonging to the Dean and Chapter of Worcefler* in the County of Worcefler.	Ibid.

exl. An Aft for effefting the Sale of certain Parts of the Eftates devifed by the Will of Henry Partridge Efquire, deceafed; ( and for laying out the Money arifing by fuch Sales, together with the clear Money produced by the Sale of certain other Parts of the laid Eftates, direfted to be fold by an Aft paffed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, in the Purchafe of other Eftates, and for fettling the fame to the like Ufes.	Ibid.

exli. An Aft for inclofing Lands in Dundraw* in the County of Cumberland.	Ibid.

exlii. An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Townlhip of Felt well* in the County of Norfolk.	Ibid.

cxliii. A a



[Local £s* Perfonat) 530 GEO. III.

cxliii. An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifli of Clirow, in the County of Radnor, and extinguilhing Vicarial Tithes in the faid Parifli.	Page	843

cxliv. An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Manor and Parifli of Tur-wefion, in the County 01Buckingham.	Ibid.

cxlv. An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifli of Whitwell, in the County of Derby.	844

cxlvi. An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Manor and Parifli of Whitney, in the County of Hereford.	Ibid.

cxlvii. An Aft for inclofing	Lands	in	the	Townftiip	of	Stockton,

in the County of Tori.	Ibid.

cxlviii. An Aft for inclofing Lands in	the	Parifli	of Downton, in the

County of Wilts.	Ibid.

cxlix. An Aft for inclofing Lands in Llandyrnog and Llangivyfan, in the County of Denbigh.	ibid.

cl. An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifli of Cafcob, and Town-ftiips of Ednol and Kinnerton, in the County of Radnor.	Ibid.

cli. An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of Aughton in the Parifli of Aughton, in the County Palatine of Lancajler.	Ibid.

clii. An Aft for amending an Aft of His prefent Majefly for inclofing Lands in the Parifli of Milborne Port, in the County of •Corner Jet; and for transferring Borough Rights from certain Lands in the fame Parifli to other Lands therein, the better to effeftuate fuch Inclofure.	Ibid.

cliii. An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Manor and Townftiip of Kirkburton, in the County of York.	Ibid.

cliv. An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Townftiip of Spalford and Wigs ley, in the County of Nottingham.	Ibid.

civ. An Aft to enable the Company of Proprietors of the South London Water Works to raife a further Sum of Money, and to alter and amend the Powers of an Aft palled in*the Forty *fifth Year of His prefent Majefly, for making the faid Water Works.

84$

clvi. An Aft to authorize the Advancement of a certain Sum of Money for carrying into Effeft the feveral Afts for the Improvement of the Port and Town of Liverpooland to amend the faid Afts.	Ibid.

clvii. An Aft for further improving the	Harbour of Aberdeen.	Ibid.

clviii. An Aft for the further Improvement of the Harbour of Wexford.	Ibid.

clix. An Aft for inclofing, draining and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Lordfliip of North Kelfey, in the County of Lincoln.	Ibid.

clx. An Aft for enlarging the Powers of Two Afts of His prefent Majefly, for embanking and draining certain Low Lands and Grounds in the Parifties or Townlhips 01 Everton, Scaftworth, Gringley on the Hill, Mijlerton and Walkeringham, in the County of Nottingham.	Ibid.

clxi. An Aft for	the more	effeftually draining and	improving

Lands within the Level of Hatfield Chace, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties	of Tork,	Lincoln	and Nottingham.	Ibid.

clxii. An Aft for better affeffing and collefting|the Poor and other Rates, in the Parifli of Saint Giles Camberwell, in the County of Surry, and regulating the Affairs thereof $ for repairing or rebuilding

*XT



The TITLES of the STATUTES,

building the Parilh Workhoufe, and purchaling Ground for a Cemetery; and for other Purpofes relating thereto. Page 846 clxiii. An A A for altering and amending Two federal Ads of the Thirty fifth and Forty fixth Years oF the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for paving and improving the Parifh of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middiefex.	I bid.

cl*iv. An Aft for paving, widening, cleanfing, watching, lighting and regulating the Streets and other Public Places within the Borough of Chepping Wycombe, in the County of Bucks, and for removing and preventing Nuifances and Obftrudions therein. Ibid. clxv. An Ad for altering and amending feveral Ads for repairing the Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge; and for making a new Road from the Great Northern Road at Iflington, to the Edgeware Road near Paddington, in the County of Middiefex.	Ibid.

clxvL An Ad for veiling Part of the fettled Eilates of Sir Charles Knightley Baronet, which were devifed by'the Will of Lucy Knightley Efquire, in Truftees, to be fold ; and for laying out the Money arifing thereby, in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled in lieu thereof and to the fame Ufes; and for other Purpofes.	Ibid.

clxviL An Ad for veiling certain detached fettled Ellates late of William Whittaker Efquire, deceafed, in Truftees, to fell the fame ; and to lay out the Monies thence arifing, in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled to	the	fame Ufes.	Ibid.

clxviii. An Ad for repealing fo much of Two feveral Ads, palled in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, and the Thirty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, as are contrary to the Provifions contained in the will of Charles Churchill Efquire, deceafed, or the Settlement made on the Marriage of Charles Churchill Efquire with the Lady Maria Walpole.	Ibid.

clxix. An Ad for veiling certain Eftates devifed by the Will of James Harrifon Efquire, fituate in the Counties of Lancajler and Chejler9 or one of them, in Truftees, to be fold purfuant to an Agreement entered into	for	that Purpofe.	847

clxx. An Ad for vetting Part of the fettled Eftates of Thomas John Phillips, of Newport Houfe in the County of Cornwall, Efquire, an Infant, in Truftees, to be fold ; and for inverting the clear Monies thence ariling, under the Diredion of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fame Ufes.	Ibid.

clxxi. An Ad for vetting Part of the fettled Eftates of Edward William Leyborne Popham Efquire, in the Counties of Wilts and Berks, in Truftees, to be fold ; and for invefting the clear Monies thence ariling, under the Diredion of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fame Ufes.	Ibid.

clxxii. An Ad for incloling Lands in the Manor of Eafi Bedfont with Hatton, in the Panlh of Eq/l Bedfont, in the County of Middiefex.	Ibid.

clxxiii. An Ad for inclofing Lands within the Townlhip of Under-tnilbecif in the Parifhes of Windermere and Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Weftmoreland.	^ Ibid.

clxxiv. An

 v^.ooQle

(Local & PerfonaI) 530 GEO. III.	*	xtYii

clxxiv. An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of IJleworth, Hrjlon and Twickenham, in the Manor of IJleworth Syon, in the County of Middlesex.	Page	847

clxxv. An Aft for inclofing Lands in Burghwallis, in the County of Tori,	Ibid.

clxxvi. An Aft for inclofing Lands in the feveral Parifhes of Caine, Caljlone Wellington and Blaciland, in the County of Wilts. Ibid. clxxvii. An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Townfhips of Crowle9 Eajloft and Ealandy in the Parifh of Crowle9 in the County of IJncoln9 and extending into the Weft Riding of the County of Tori.	848

clxxviii. An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifti of Winterbourne Mone it on 9 in the County of Wills.	Ibid.

clxxix. An Aft for fecuring to James Lee9 and the Public, the Benefit of his Invention of certain new Methods of preparing Hemp and Flax, by enabling him to lodge the Specification under certain Reftriftions.	Ibid.

clxxx. An Aft for erefting a new Gaol, Houfeof Correftion, and Penitentiary Houfe, in the Borough of Tewiejbury9 in the County of Gloucejler.	Ibid.

clxxxi. An Aft for altering and amending an Aft made in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for making and maintaining the Thames	and Severn Canal Navigation.	Ibid.

clxxxii. An Aft for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Wilts and Berks Canal, in the Parifh of Swindon, in the County of Wilts9 to communicate with the Thames and Severn Canal in the Parifh of Latton9 in the fame County.	Ibid.

clxxxiii. An Aft for the Improvement of the Navigation of the Rivers Bury9 Loughor and Lliedi9 in the Counties of Carmarthan and Glamorgan.	Ibid.

clxxxiv. An Aft for altering, enlarging and extending the Powers of an Aft of His prefent Majefty, for building a Bridge over the River Thames9 at the Precinft of the Savoy9 or near thereunto ; and making Roads and Avenues to communicate therewith, in the Counties of Middlefex and Surry.	Ibid.

clxxxv. An Aft for inclofing, lighting and improving Fitzwilliam Square9 in the County of the City of Dublin.	860

clxxxvi. An Aft for repairing and improving feveral Rbads in the Counties of Montgomery9 Merioneth and Salop ; and other Roads therein mentioned.	Ibid.

clxxxvii. An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of King George the Second, and Two Aft$ of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Bowes9 in the County of Tori9 to Brough under Stainmore9 in the County of Wejlmorland; and for repairing and widening the Road from Maiden Caflle to Kaber Crofs9 and other Roads therein mentioned, in the laid Counties.

861

clxxxviii. An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of King George the Second, and Two Aftsof His prefent Majefty, for amending the Road from Maidflone9 in the County of Kent9 to TubPs Laie9 in the Parifh of Cranbrooi9 in the faid County.

Ibid.

clxxxix. An Aft for enabling the Right Honourable William Earl of Dartmouth to grant building Leafcs of his fettled Eftates, fituate in the Counties of Tork9 Kent and Middlefex. Ibid.

cxc. An





/

xxviii

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

cxc. An Aft for enabling the Honourable and Reverend Gerald Valerian Wellejley, Doftor in Divinity, and the Reverend Richard Hodges to grant Building LeafesJ of feveral undivided Shares in a Piece of Land, called Chel/ea Common, in the Parifti of Saint Luke, Chel/ea, in the County of Middlefex, purfuant to an Agree** ment entered into for that rurpofe.	Page 861

cxci. An Aft to enable the Vicar of the Parifti and Parifti Church of Camberwell, in the County of Surry, to grant Leafes of the Glebe belonging to the faid Vicarage.	Ibid

cxcii. An Aft for vetting the Ettates devifed by the Will of the late Thomas Saunders Efquire, in Truftees, to be fold, and for applying the Monies thence anting for the Purpofes and in manner therein mentioned.	Ibid.

exciii. An Aft for fubttituting and appointing a new Truftee in the Place or Stead of Francis Lucius Aujlen Efquire, for the Purpofea of the Settlement made upon the Marriage of IVilliam John Campion Efauire, with Jane Aujlen Spinfter, now the Wife of the faid William John Campion; and alio of the Will and Codicil of Henry Courihope Campion Efquire, deceafed, fo far as refpeftt the Freehold and Copyhold or Cuftomary Ettates thereby refpeftively devifed to the Ufes or upon the Trufts of the faicl Settlement, and for vetting the Truft Ettates accordingly. Ibid. cxciv. An Aft for vetting Part of the Ettates devifed by the Will of Thomas Duncombe Efquire, and other Lands fettled to the fame Ufes, in Truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the Money to arife from the Sale thereof in the Purchafe of other Ettates, to be fettled in lieu thereof to the fame Ufes.	862

cxcv. An Aft for exchanging the Lands of Brabflerdorran, and other Heritages belonging to Henrietta Sinclair, as Heir under an Entail, made by David Sinclair of Southdun, deceafed, for other Lands and Heritages belonging to her in Fee Simple ; and for vetting the faid Lands of Brabflerdorran, and other Heritages, in Truftees, for the Purpofes therein mentioned.	Ibid.

exevi. An Aft for vetting the fettled Ettates of Edward Lee Efquire and Elizabeth his Wife, in the Counties of Waterford and Dublin and in the County of the City of Dublin, in Truftees, to be fold and for laying out the Monies thence arifing in the Purchafe of other Ettates to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Ettates fo fold.

Ibid.

cxcvii. An Aft for vetting certain Ettates devifed by the Will of Thomas Holt Efquire, in the County of Suffolk, in Truft for Sale; and for laying out the Monies thence t anting in the Purchafe of other Ettates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	Ibid.

cxcviii. An Aft for incloting Lands in the Parifti of Withington, in the County of Gloucefler.	Ibid.

exeix. An Aft for enlarging the Term of Two Afts of His prefent Majefty, ‘for repairing and widening the Road from Bicejler, in the County of Oxford, to Ayle/bury, in the County of Bucks. Ibid. cc. An Aft for enlarging the Term aod Powers of an Aft of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from the Market Place in Bicejler, in the County of Oxford, to the Buckingham Turnpike Road in Aynho, in the County of Northampton; and for extending the Powers of the (aid Aft to an adjoining Branch of Road.	Ibid.

ecu An



xxix

[Local & Perfonal) 53° GEO. III.

cci. An* Aft for embanking, inclofing and draining Lands in the Parifh of Wainfieet Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln. Page 863 ccii. An Aft to enable the Truftecs of certain Lands, demifed by the Will of William Seabrigbt9 deceafed, fituate in the Townfhip of Bednal Green otherwife Bet ben Hall Green, in the Parifh of Stepney otherwife Stabinheatb, in the County of Middlefexy to grant Building Leafes thereof.	Ibid.

cciii. An Aft for enabling William Hall Efquire, to affign or furren-der a Term of One thoufand Years, in Eftates, in the County of Oxford\ unto or iu Truft for Elijha Bifcoe Efquire; and for other Purpofes.	Ibid.

cciv. An Aft for enabling Truftecs, under the Direftion of the High Court of Chancery, to grant Building Leafes of Part of tne Eftates of Thomas Milner Gibfon Efquire, deceafed, in Lambeth, in the County of Surry9 and in Hlington, in the County of Middlefex ; and alfo under the like Direftion, to raife Money by Sale or Mortgage of the fame Eftates, for Payment of Charges and Incumbrances thereon ;	and for other Purpofes.	Ibid.

CCt. An Aft for confirming the Purchafe of a Term of Years in an Eftate at Knightjbridge in the County of Middlejex, being Part of the Settled Eftates of William Lowndes the elder, Efquire, deceafed, and for vetting Part of the faid Settled Eftates iu Truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the clear Monies thence arifing, under the Direftion of the High Court of Chancery, in the rurchafe of other Eftates to be fettled in lieu of the Eftates fold, and to the fame Ufes; and to enable Truftees to grant Building Leafes of Part of the faid Settled Eftates ; and for other Purpofes. Ibid. ccvi. An Aft to enable The Hope AJfurance Company to fue and be fued; to grant Annuities, and to enrol Memorials thereof, under certain Regulations.	Ibid.

CCvii. An Aft to enable The Eagle Infurance Company to fue and be fued in the Name of their Secretary or any Member thereof; and to inrol Annuities.	864

tfcviii. An Aft for amending the Roads from Hodges to Beadles Hill and CuckJUld, and from Beadles Hill to Lindpeld, and from the Cuckjield and Crawley Road to HorJbam9 ana from Swingate to Sbover Green, all in the County of Suffex.	Ibid.

ccix. An Aft for enabling the Archbimop of Canterbury to convey certain Tenements at Dea\9 in the County of Kent9 to or in Truft for His Majefty, for the Public Service.	Ibid.

ccx. An Aft for vetting certain Eftates devifed by the Right Honourable John Vifcount Bateman, deceafed, in Truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the Monies arifing therefrom, under the Direftion of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled to the fame	Ufes.	877

ccxi. An Aft to enable The Marine Infurance Company of Dublin to fue and be fued in the Name of their Secretary or Secretaries.

Ibid.

ccxii. An Aft to enable The Pbeenix AJfurance Company of London to fue and be fued in the Name of their Secretary or any Member.

ibid.

ccxiii. An Aft for altering the Rules, Statutes and Ordinances of the Hofpital of Robert Earl of Leicejier9 in Warwick ; and for enabling the Mafter and Brethren of the faid Hofpital to raife

Money





XXX

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

Money on the Security of the Eftates thereof, in order to provide for the Reception of additional Brethren therein.	Page 877

ccxiv. An Ad for extending and amending an Ad of Queen Anne, for making the River Cham more navigable from Claybitbc Ferry to the Queen’s Mill) in the	County	of Cambridge.	Ibid.

eexv. An Ad to enable The Norwich Union Society for the Infu-ranee of Lives and Survivorjhibs to fue in the Name of their Secretary, and to be fued in the Names of their Diredors, Treafurero and Secretary.	Ibid.

eexvi. An Ad to enable The Norwich Union Society for Infur once againjl Lofs by Fire to fue in the Name of their Secretary, and to be fued in the Names of their Diredors, Treafurers and Secretary.	Ibid.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

NOT PRINTED.

I* \ N Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Cotterftock cum JLa. Glaftbom, in the County of Northampton.

[ Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.]

2.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Greyfioke% in the County of Cumberland,

3.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of MarfonTruffell9 in the County of Northampton.

4.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Eajlnor, in the County of Hereford,

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.']

5.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Greenford, in the County of Middlefex.

[Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.]

6.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Hanwell, in the County of Middlefex.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

7.	An Ad for inclofing Lands m the Parilh of ffomfey9 in the County of Middlefex.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

8.	An Ad for naturalizing Johan Diederich Wisideler.

9.	An Ad for inclofing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parilh of Swtnbrooke, in the County of Oxford.

10.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Clebonger, in the County of Hereford•

11.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Great Stanmore,in the County of Middlefex.

12.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of North Piddle, in the County of IVorcefter.

[Andfor making Compenfation for Tubes.]

13.	An Ad to explain and amend an Ad la) of His prefent Majefty, for inclofing Lands within the Lordmip aad Townlhipof Warier9 in the Eaft Riding of the County of Tork•

(a) [34 Q. 3. e. 3. PIt.]

14.	Aa

 LjOoq le

{Local to* Perfonal, not printed,) 53* GEO. III.

14.	An Alt for iiicfofing Lands in the Manors of Sockbridge, Tanwath and Eamont Bridge, in the Parifh of Barton, in the County of Wejtmorland\

15.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Little Shelford, in the County of Cambridge.

\_Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.]

16.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Salwarp, iu the County of tVorceflcr•

J’And for making Compenfation for Tithes. ] or inclofing Lands called Upton Common, in the Town-fhip or Manor of Upton, in the Parifh of Idfall otherwife Shiffnal, in the County of Salop.

18.	An Ad for vefting the MefTuages and Hereditaments fettled on the Marriage of Henry Burnet Efquire, and Mary his Wife, in Truftees, upon Truft, to convey the fame to Henry James Brooke Efquire, his Heirs and Affigns, purfuant to Articles of Agreement made for the Sale thereof, and for laying out the Money to arife by fuch Sale in the Purchafe of other Eftates, and for fettling the fame to the former Ufes.

19.	An Ad for vefting the undivided Fourth Part of Edward Webb and Eli%abeth Frances Webb, an Infant, in Eftates in the Counties of Buckingham, Middlefex an & Oxford, in Truft, to be fold, and for laying out the Monies thence arifing in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Eftates fold.

20.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Townhill otherwife Shamhlehurft, in the rarifh of South Stoneham, in the County of Southampton.

21.	An Ad for inclofing Lands within the Parifhes of Seething, Kirkftead, Mundham and Sijland, in the County of Norfolk.

22.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh ot Wramplingham, in the County of Norfolk.

23.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Crouton, in the County of Norfolk.

24.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of High and Low Kilburn, in the Parifh of Kilburn, in the County of fork.

[This A8 has the Evidence Claufe annexed to it.']

25.	An Ad for inclofing certain Land called Laleham Bur way, in the Parifh of Laleham, in the County of Middlefex, or in the Parifh of Cbertfer, in the County of Surry, or one of them,

26.	An Act for inclofing Lands within the feveral Manors of Warmingburjl, AJlington and Cbankton, in the County of Sujfex.

27.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Manor and Panfh of Eartham, in the County of Sujfex.

48.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Farlington, in the County of Tork.

[ And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

29.	An Ad for dividing Lands in the Townfhip of Icklingbam, in the County of Suffolk.

30.	An Ad for dividing the Commons and Wafte Grounds within the Parifh of Whepftead, in the County of Suffolk 31 • An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Cbudleigb, in the County of Devon.

32. An



mil

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

32.	An Aft for indofing Lands in the Parifhes of Bluntijham with Earith and Colne, in the County of Huntingdon.

33.	An Aft for veftingeertain Parts of the Lands and Hereditaments comprized in the Deeds of Entail made by Thomas Vifcouot of Teviot and others, and now, by virtue thereof, in the Pofleffion of Robert Walter Lord Blantyre, in Truftces, in Truft, to fell the fame, and inveft the Money arifing by fuch Sale in the Purchafe of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be fettled and fecured to the fame Series of Heirs, and under the fame Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the faid Deeds of Entail.

34.	An Aft for fettKng and fecuring the Lands and Eftate of Kinninmouthy or Kinmount ; and others, in the County of Dumfries, to and in favour of Charles Marquis of Queenfberry, and the Senes of Heirs entitled to take by a certain Deed of Entail made by Charles Duke of Queen/berry and Dover, deceafed, and under the Conditions and Limitations contained in the faid Deed; and for veiling in lieu thereof the Barony and Eftate of Craigs, and certain Parts of the Lands of Tin wall9 Bumjkatrth and Dargavel or Lochermofsy in the faid County, in the faid Charles Marquis of Queenjberry, and his Heirs and Afligns in Fee Simple.

35.	An Aft for veiling certain Farms, Lands and Hereditaments, fituate in the County of EJfexy the fettled Eftates of Harvey Kimpton Efquire, in Truftees, upon Truft to fell, and for laying out the Monies arifing from fuch Sales in the Purchafe of other Eftates ; and for other Purpofcs therein mentioned.

36 An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Pariih of Ledbury 9 in the County of Hereford.

37.	An Aft for indofing Lands in the Pariih of Flyfori Flavell, in the County of Woreejler.

[.Andfor making Comfenfation for Tithes.]

38.	An Aft for indofing Lands in the Pariih of Great Horkejley, and in the Manor of Rivers Hall in Bessteady in the County of EJfess.

39.	An Aft for indofing Lands in the Manor of Knowle9 in the feveral Parifhes of Solihull and Hampton in Arden, in the County of Warwick.

40.	An Aft for indofing Lands in the Pariih of Great Riffington, in the County of Gloucefler.

[Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.']

41.	An Aft for indofing Lands in the Pariih of Cwmyoy, and Chapelry of Llanthony9 in the County of Monmouth.

42.	An Aft for indofing Lands within the Townfhip of Ebrington and the Hamlet of Hkcoat otherwise Hitcott, in the County of Gloucefler.

for making Compenfation for Tithes. No Leafe Ebrington9 s Allotment without Confent of The King as Patron

of Vicar

[Andfo% of Ebr

of the faid Vicarage.]

43.	An Aft for amending and rendering more effeftual an Aft of the Fiftieth Year (a) of His prefent Majefty, for indofing Lands in the Manor of Amberlp9 in the County of Sujfeu.

[Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.]

(a) [co G. 3. s. 35. PR.]

44.	An Aft for indofing Lands in the Pariih of Much Cowam9 in the County of Hereford.

45. An

 booQle

txtWi

(Local (5* Perfonal, not printed,) 530 GEO. III.

At\ Aft for inclofing Lands wicliin the Townfhip of Fairburn, in the Weft Riding of the County of Tori.

k [Allotment to Hit Maiefly. Plan of His Mayfly's Allotment fent to Clerk of Duchy of Lane after. ]

46.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh* of Morley otherwife the Parities of Morley Saint Buttolph and Morley Saint Peter, in the County of Norfolk,

47.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Woodton, in the County of Norfolk.

4S. An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Priors Ditton, in the County of Salop.

[Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.]

49.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Chevington and Chedhurgh, in the County of Suffolk.

50.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Great Horningsheath other wife Horningsherth and Weflley, in the County of Suffolk.

51.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of Brigham, in the Manor of Five Towns with Eaglesfield, in the County of Cumberland.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

52.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the I orough and Townfhip of Cockermauth, in the County of Cumberland.

53.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Townfhips of Setmurthy and Embleton, in the Manor of Derwentfells, in the County of Cum~ berland-

54.	An Aft for inclofing certain Wafte Lands within the Parifh of Saint John, in the County of Cumberland*

55.	An Aft to diffolve the Marriage of Henry Chamberlain Efquire with Eliza otherwife Elizabeth Chamberlain, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again 5 and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

j6. An Aft for veiling certain Parts of the Lands and Hereditaments comprized in a Deed of Entail made by Archibald Campbell, late of Shirvan> deceafed, in Truftees, to fell the fame, and inveft the Money arifing by fuch Sale in the Purchafe of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be fettled and fecured to the fame Series of

* Heirs, and under the fame Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the Paid Deed of Entail.

57.	An Aft for carrying into Effeft a certain Agreement made between the Reverend Doftor David Johnson, Minifter of the Parifh of North Leith, and the Reverend Doftor Walter Foggo Ireland, ordained and appointed Affiftant and Succeflor to the laid Doftor David Johnflon, in the faid Parifh of North Leith, and the Kirk Seffion thereof, with the Confent of the Prefbytery of Edinburgh, and John Campbell, Writer to His Majefty’s Signet.

58.	An Aft for enabling the Adminiflrators of George Turner, deceafed, to complete a Contraft made by him for the Sale of Part of his Fee Simple Eftates.

59.	An Aft for inclofing, and exonerating -from Tithes, Lands in the Parifh of Rougham, in the County of Suffolk.

60.	An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Stretton Grandfome and Townfhip of Egleton9 in the Parifh of Bifbops Froome> in the County of Hereford•

[ Andfor making Compenfation for Tithes.1 j3 Gio. III.	*	I,	61.	An

 L,ooQle

xxxiv

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

61.	An A& for indofing Lends in Upper EUJione9 in the Oosotf

of Stafford.

62.	An Ad for indofing Lands in the Manor of Boxtead Hall, in the County of EJfex.

63.	An Ad for incloiiug Lands in the Parifh of Kenneth in the County of Cambridge.

64.	An Ad for indofing Lands in the Parifh of Wood Ditton in the County of Cambridge.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.]

65.	An Ad for indofing Lands in the Parim of Eajlrington, in the County of Tori

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes. No Leafe of Vicar*t Allotment without confent of His Majejly as Patron of the faid Vicarage.]

66.	An Ad for indofing Lands in the Parifh of Tajburgb9 in the County of Norfolk.

67.	An Ad for indofing Lands in the Parifh of Saint Maryf in Newmarket, in the County of Suffolk.

[ And for making Compenfation for Tithes ]

68.	An Ad to enable the Reverend Benjamin Sandford to take the Name and bear the Arms of Winflon, purfuant to the Will of Charles Winflon, deceafed.

69- An Ad for empowering the Judges of the Court of Sefiton in Scotland to fell fuch Parts and Portions of the entailed Eftates of Gleneagles, Haldane and Aberutbven, filuated in the Counties of Perth9 Stirling and Dunbarton, which belonged to, and were entailed by Robert Haldane, of Gleneagles, deceafed, as (hall be fufficient tor Payment of the Debts of the faid Robert Haldane flill owing, and which afted or may be made to affed the (aid entailed Eftates.

70. An Ad for fettling and fecuring the Lands and Eftate of Wejt Bor eland, and others, in the County of Stirling9 to and in favour of William Morehead Efquire, and the Series of Heirs entitled to take, by a certain Deed of Entail made by William Morehead Efquire, deceafed, under the Conditions and Limitations in the faid Deed, and for veiling, in lieu thereof, certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Herbertjhire9 in the faid County, in certain Truftees nominated by the (aid William Morehead^ deceafed, for the Purpofes of the Truft, and for empowering the Court of Seflion in Scotland to fell certain Parts ana Portions of the faid Entailed Eftate of Herbertfhire for r»y-ment of the Debts contra&ed by the faid William Morehead9 deceafed.

7X. An Ad for indofing Lands in the feveral Parifhes of Llanfihangel Generglyn and Llanganfelitit in the County of Cardigan.

7$. An Ad for inqlofing Lands in the Pariili of Wefimill9 in the County of Hertford.

73.	An Ad for indofing Lands in the Parifh of Longftanton Saint Michael, in the County of Cambridge.

74.	An Ad for indofing Lands in the Pariih of Little Granfden* in the County of Cambridge.

[Andfor making Compenfation for Ttthetf]

♦	75	A»

 L,ooQle

XXXV

(Local & Perfonaly not printed^ 53* GEO. HI.

7£« An Ad for dividing and indofing certain Trade or Parcels of Moor, Common or Wafle Grounds within and Parcel of the Manor of Eaft Trig*mouth, in the County of Devon.

76.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Meldreth, and for allotting Lands in the Parilhes of Melboum and Wbaddon$ in the County of Cambridge.

[Andfor making Compenfationfor Tithes* ]

77.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the rarifii of Frampton upon Severn, in the County of Gloucejler> and in the Parifii of Slimbridge, in the laid County.

[And for making Compenfation for Tithes.']

78.	An Ad to enable John Fleming Barton Willis Efquire, and his Iflue, to take the Name of Fleming, and bear the Arms of the Fleming Family, purfuant to the Will of John Fleming Efquire, deceafed.

79.	An Ad for veiling a Leafehold Meffuage in Cnnum Street, in the County of Middlefex% and other Effeds, fettled by the Will of Dame Harriott Reade, deceafed, in Truftees, to be fold, and to lay out the Money thence arifing in the Purchafe of other EHates, to be fettled in like manner.

THE

 UooQle



THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

. Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, Quinquagefimo Tertio.

*	AT the Parliament begun and holden at IVcJlminJler, tfie Twenty

*	fourth	Day of November, Anno Domini 18x2 ; in the Fifty

*	third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the 4 Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great 4 Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith ; being the Firft 4 Seffion of the Fifth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great 4 Britain and Ireland.*

CAP. I.

An Ad to continue, until. the Firft Day of Ofiober One thou* fand eight hundred and thirteen, an AGt of the laft Seffion of Far foment, for allowing the Ufe of Sugar in Brewing Beer in' Gnat* Britain.	[i6th	December	1812.]

*	TY/W£REAS an Ad was paffed in the laft Seffion of Parfia- 5*0.3. cdy.

*	W ment, intituled An A£t to allow the Ufe of Sugar in Brew-

*	ing Beerm Great Britain, which was to continue in force until the

*	Firft Day of November One thouland eight hundred and .twelve :

*	And whereas, in purfuance of the Power given by the faid Ad,

*	His Majefty has been pleafed by His Royal Proclamation, bearing Proclamation.

4	Date the Twenty fixth Dav of Qdober One thoufand eight hundred

*	and twelve, to permit the Ufe of Brown and Mufcovado Sugar in

*	the Brewing of Beer until Forty Days after the then next Meeting

*	of Parliament; And whereas it is expedient that the faid Ad (hould 4 be continued Be it therefore enaded by the King's Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament af-

fembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid Ad (hall 51G. 3. c.6y« be and the fame is hereby continued until the Firft Day of OSober continued.

One thoufand .eight hundred and thirteen.

II.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe His Majefty at any Period for ufing time after toe Firft Day of OSober, in the Year One thouland eight Sugar in brewing hundred and.thirteen, (hall in His Royal Difcretion judge it to be for the Benefit and Advantage of His Kingdom to permit Common Proc“,nalloB* Brewers or Retailers of Beer or Ale to maxe ufe of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar in the brewing or making of Beer, Ale or Worts, then and in fuen cafe it (hall ana may be lawful to and for His Majefty, by His Royal Proclamation or Proclamations to be iiTued by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to be publifhed from time to time in the London Gazette, to permit and funer all Common Brewers 53 Gio. III.	B	and



 i^ooQle

A.D.i8i2.

Ad altered, &e.

52 G. 3. c. 117.

Proclimation.

5a G.3. c. 117. continued.

Prohibition of making of Starch from Wheat,

&c. further extended by Proclamation.

C. 1,2.	530	GEO. in.

and Retailer* of Beer, Ale or Wort*, in Great Brit aim (but not any particular Common Brewers or Retailers of Beer, Ale or Worts), at any time or times not lefs than Thirty Days from the Date of fnch Proclamation or Order in Council, to make ufe of Brown or Muf-covado Sugar in the brewing or making of Beer, Ale or Worts, until Forty Days after the then next Meeting of Parliament, under, fubjeft and according to the Rules, Regulations, Redri&ions and Pro-vifions, Fines, Pennies and Forfeitures, contained and provided in and by the faid recited Ad.

III.	And )>e it further enaded, That this Ad may be altered, varied or repealed, by any Ad to be made in this Seffion of Parliament.

cap. n.

An Ad to continue, until the Firft Day of OBober One thou-fand eight hundred and thirteen, and amend an Ad of the lad Seffion of Parliament for prohibiting the making of Starch, Hair Powder and Blue, from Wheat and other Articles of Food; and for fufpending Part of the Duties now payable on the Importation into Great Britain of Starch;

[16th December 1812.3

WHEREAS an Ad was pafTed in the lad Seffion of Parliament, intituled An AS to prohibit, until the Firft Day of * November One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, the making of * Starch, Hair Powder and Blue9 from Wheat and other Articles of * Food ; and for fufpending Part of the Duties now payable on the * Importation into Great Britain of Starch : And whereas, in purfu-* ance of the PoWcr given by the faid Ad, His Majefty has been ‘ pleafed by His Royal Proclamation bearing Date the Twenty fixth * Day of OSoher One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, to pro-* hibit the making of Starch from Wheat, Barley, Rice, Grain, Po-* tatoes. Flour, Meal, or any other Article or Thing ufed for the * Food of Man, until Forty Days after the then next Meeting of * Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the faid Ad fhould • be continued and amendedBe it therefore enaded by the King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid Ad fhall be and the fame is hereby continued until the Fird Day of Odober One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.

II.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That in cafe His Majedy at any time after the Fird Day of OSoher One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, (hall in His Royal Difcretion judge it to be moft for the Benefit and Advantage of this Kingdom further to continue the Prohibition of the making of Starch from Wheat, Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing ufed for the Food of Man, from the faid Fird Day of OSober until Forty Days after the then next Meeting of Parliament, and alfo the Suf-penfion of the High Duties on the Importation of Starch, then and in filch cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for His Majedy by His Royal Proclamation or Proclamations to be iffued by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, or by His Majefty’s Order in Council, to be publifhed from time to time in the London Gazette, to continue

throughout

A*D* 1812*

3

53° geo. nr.

C. *, 3.

throughout that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain^ from the (aid Firft Day of OBober until Forty Days after the then next Meeting of Parliament, the Prohibition and Sufpenflon hereinbefore mentioned ; that is to fay, that throughout that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain during the Continuance of fuch Prohibition, no Starch, Hair Powder or Blue, (hall be made from Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing ufed for the Food of Man, and fo much of the Duties on the Importation of Starch as are hereinbefore mentioned (hall fo long continue fufpended; any thing in the faid recited A61 contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

III.	And be it further enadted, That this A6t may be varied, aU A& varied, Itc, tered or repealed, by any Adt to be made in this Seffion of Parliament.

[.Repealed, pojl, c. *3.]

cap. m.

An Adi to amOnd an ABt of the laft Seflion of Parliament, for prohibiting the Intercourfe between the Iflands of Jamaica and Saint Domingo.	[22d December 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Adt palled in the Fifty fecond Year of	c.35.

the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled jin A3 to prohibit all Intercourfe between the IJlahd of Jamaica and certain Parts of the IJland of Saint Domingo, it is enadted, that, from and after the Firft Day of Juby One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, no Briti/b Ship or Veflel (hall, for any Purpofe or under any Pretence whatever, fail from any Port or Place in the Ifland of Jamaica to any Port or Place in the Ifland of Saint Domingo, nor from any Port or Place in the Ifland of Saint Domingo to any Por^ or Place in the Ifland of Jamaica, except as is thereinafter provided,

Under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of any fuch Ship or Veflel, together with her Cargo, Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle ana Apparel : And whereas it is further enabled, that no Foreign § %, Ship or Velfel, whether laden or jn Ballad, (hall come into any Port in the Ifland of Jamaica, if fuch Ship or Veflel (hall have cortie from, or in the Courfe of her Voyage have touched at any Port or Place in the Ifland of Saint Domingo; and if any fuch Foreign Ship or Veflel (hall land any Perfon from on board the fame, or (hall continue in any Port or Harbour of the faid Ifland of Jamaica, for Forty eight Hours after Notice (Rail be given by the principal Officer of the Cuftoms reddent at the Port to depart therefrom, fuch Foreign Ship o* Veflel (hall be forfeited, together with her Cargo, (ljuns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel : And whereas it is expedient, for the better Protebtion of the Trade of His Majefty’* Subje&s to permit Britijh Ships or Veflels, or Ships or Veflels belonging to any State in Amity with His Majefty, and bound to any Port or Place within His Majefty’s Dominions, failing from any Ports or Places in the faid Ifland of Saint Domingo, to call, under certain Reftriblions, for Convoy at Ports or Places in the faid Ifland of Jamaica ;’ Be it therefore nadfced, by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority

B 2	of





A.D.i8i2,

Bt'rtSdt VtffeU, itc. (ailing from any Port in St. Domingo may touch at Ports in Jamaica appoint-ed for Rendea-TousorafTembting far Convoy, Itc.

100,0001. tobt paid out of Con* folidated Find to Truftcs*

C. 3,4.	53° GEO. III.

of the fame. That it (hall mod may be lawful for Britijb Ships or Veflels, or Ships or Veflels belonging to any State in Amity with His Majefty, and bound to any K>rt or Place within His Majefty’* Dominions, failing from any Port or Place in the faid I Hand of Saint Domingo under Convoy of and in Company with One of His Majefty’a Ships, to touch or call at fuch Port or Place of the faid Ifland of Jamaica as may have been appointed by His Majefty’s Naval Officers for the Rendezvous or aflembling for the Purpofe of Convoy of the General Homeward bound Trade : Provided always, that no Perfon from on board fuch VefTel (hall land upon or otherwife communicate with the faid Ifland of Jamaica, without a Special Licence to that Effed under the Hand and Seal of the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of the Ifland, the Admiral commanding in Chief on the Station, or the Senior Officer commanding His Majefty’s Ships and Veflels appointed to convoy the faid Veflel, which Licence they (hall not grant except in cafes of urgent Neceffity, and if any Perfon belonging to fuch Veflel (hall land or otherwife communicate with the Shore without fuch Licence, the Forfeiture and Penalties of the faid Ad (hall take Effed; any thing in this prefent Ad aotwithftanding.

CAP- IV.

An Ad for granting a Sum of Money for purchafmg an Eftate for the Marquis of Wellington and nis Heirs, in Confideradon of the eminent and fignal Services performed by the faid Marquis of Wellington to His Majefty and the PuMic.

[22d December i8l2-3

4 Moft Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS His Royal Highnefs the Prince Regent, ading in the Name and on the Behalf of Your Majefty, by His 4 moft gracious Meflage to Your Majefty’s Faithful Commons, hath * been pleafed to declare, that having taken into Confideration the * eminent and fignal Services performed by General the Marquis of * Wellington, on fo many Occafions, and particularly in the glorious 4 Battle of Salamanca9 and being defirous of beftoWing fuch a Mark « of National Munificence on General the Marquis of Wellington, as 4 may enable him to fuftain the high Honours which His Royal * Highnefs the Prince Regent, ading in the Name and on the Behalf 4 of Your Majefty, has thought proper to confer on him and his * Defendants, recommended to your faithful Commons the Adoption • of fuch Meafures as may be neceflary for the Accomplifhment 4 of this moft important Objed:’ Now we. Your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subjeds, the Commons of die United kingdom in Parliament afiembled, duly confidering Your Majefty’s moft gracious Intention, do moft humbly befeech Your Majefty, that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Maiefty, ly and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That a Sum not exceeding One hundred thoufand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, (hall be paid out of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain (after paying or referring fuffirient to pay all fuch Sum and Sums of Money

as



A.D.i8i2.

530 GEO. in.

C.4.

as have been dire&ed by any former A& or Afts of Parliament to be paid out of the fame 5 but with Preference to all other Payment* which (hall or may be hereafter charged upon the faid Fund) free and clear of all Taxes and Dedu&ions whatfoever, to the Speaker of the Houfe of Commons, the Lord High Treafurer of Great Britain* or Firft Lord Commiffioner of the Treafury, the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the time being refpe&ively, the Right Honourable William Wellejley Pole, and the Honourable and Reverend Gerald Valerian Wellcjley Do&or in Divinity, in Truft to and for the Ufe of the faid Marquis of Wellington, and fuch other Perfons on whom the Title of Marquis of Wellington (hall defeend, and on Failure of Iflue Male of the faid Marquis of Wellington, in Truft to and for the Ufe of the Heirs of the Body of the faid Marquis of Wellington, and to apply the fame in the manner hereinafter dire&ed.

II.	And be it further enafted, That until fuch fSum of One hundred thoufand Pounds (hall be fo paid to fuch Truftees as aforefaid, there (hall be paid to the faid Marquis of Wellington, and to the Heirs Male of his Body, and to fuch other Perfon to whom the faid Title, Honour and Dignity of Marquis of Wellington (hall defeend, from time to time out of the faid Confolidated Fund, after paying or referving fufficient to pay any Sum directed to be paid by former A6U, but with Preference to other Payments, lawful Intereft for fuch Sum of One hundred thoufand Pounds, at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum* and fuch Intereft (hall commence from the Twenty fecond Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, and (hall be payable Quarterly at the ulual Days of Payment; the Firft Payment of Intereft to be computed and paid to the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and to continue payable Quarterly on the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of OQober and the Fifth Day of January m each Year, until fuch Sum of One hundred thoufand Pounds (hall be fo paid as aforefaid, and any Fra&ions of a Quarter to be computed to the Day of fuch Payment.

III.	And it is hereby further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury now being, or any Three or more of them, and the High Treafurer and Under Treafurer of the Exchequer, and Commiflioners of the Treafury for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to diredt the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being, to make forth and pafs Debentures for paying the faid Sum of One hundred thoufand Pounds, and alfo from time to time for paying the Intereft as aforefaid, on the faid Sum of One hundred thoufand Pounds, as the fame (hall from time to time, become due* and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame or any Part thereof; which faid Warrant, and the Debentures to be made forth and pafled thereupon, (hall be a fufficient Authority to the feveral and refpe&ive Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being, for the Payment of the faid Sum of One hundred thoufcnd Pounds, to fuch Truftees refpe&ively as aforefaid ; and alfo, fuch Intereft as aforefaid to the faid Marquis of Wellington and the Heirs Male of the Body of the faid Marquis of Wellington, or in default of Heirs Male to the Heirs of the Body of the faid

B 3	Marquis,

Till Payment made $ per Cent, allowed.

Treafury to direct Auditor of Exchequer to make forth Debentures for paying the xoo^oool.

A.D.i8ia.

6	C.4.	53'GEO. III.

Warrant of Trtafury valid.

Treafury and Exchequer to att without Fee.

Acquittance of Truftees and Marquis a luf-fcient Difchxrge.

Marquis, or to fuch other PerTon or Perfons as (hall be entitled to receive the fame, at the refpedive quarterly bays in this Ad before appointed for Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be fued for, had or obtained in that Behalf.

IV.	And it is hereby further enafcted, That after (igning of fuch Warrant, the fame (hall be good, valid and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof and of this Ad, and (hall not be determined or revocable by or upon the Demife of His Majefty (w|iom God long preferve), or any of His Heirs or Succeffors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the faid Commiflioners of the Treafury or the Lord High Treafurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them, or any of them.

V.	And be it further enaded, That the Commiflioners of the Treafury now being, and the High Treafurer of the Treafury for the time being, Chancellor and Under Treafurer, Chamberlains and Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Minifter* of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the time being, (hall, and they are hereby authorized and ftridly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all fuch Ads, Matters and Things as are hereinbefore direded and required, or (hall be neceffary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this Ad and the feveral Payments hereby direded, effectual.

VI.	And be it enaded, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the faid Truftees refpedively, for the Sum fo direded to be paid to them, and of the faid Marquis of Wellington, and the Heirs Male of the Body of the faid Marquis of Wellington, and of fuch other Perfon or Perfons as (hall be entitled or authorized to receive any fuch Intereft as aforefaid, (hall be a good and fufficient Discharge for the Payment of fuch feveral Sums, without any further or other Warrant to be fued for or obtained in that Behalf, and that the faid Sum, and every Part thereof, (hall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impofitions and other Publick Charges whatfoever ; and ia cafe any of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer (hall refufe or negled to pay the faid Sum, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, or to do any Ad neceffary to enable the faid Truftees refpedively, and the faia Marquis of Wellington, and the Heirs Male of the Body of the faid Marquis, and fuch other Perfon or Perfons as (hall be entitled to receive the fame, then the faid Truftees refpedively, and Marquis, and the Heirs Male of the Body of the faid Marquis, and luch other Perfon or Perfons as (hall be entitled to receive the fame, or any Part thereof, may from time to time fue, profecute and implead fiich Officers, or any of them, their Executors aud Adminiftrators, by Bill, Plaint or Adion of Debt, and (hall or may recover Judgments, and fue out Executions thereupon again ft fuch Officers refpedively, their Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, for fo much of fuch Sum of One hundred thoufand Pounds, and for fo much of fuch Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing for any fuch Intereft as aforefaid, as (hall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer at the time or times when Demands (hall have been legally made of the Payment of the faid Sum, or Intereft, or any Part thereof as aforefaid, or for the Rcfufal or Negled to do ^ny Ad neceffary to be done bv fuch Officer or Officers refpedively.

VII.	And





AJD.i8n.	53° GEO. DI.	C.	4.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Truftees to whom the faid Sum of One hundred thoufand Pounds is hereby granted as aforefaid, and they are hereby required to lay out and inveft the faid Sum of One hundred thoufand Pounds, or any Part thereof, in the Purchafe of any Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, of a good Eftate of Inheritance in Fee Simple, in Poflefiion, to be free from Incumbrances (except Fee Farm and Quit Rents, and other Rent Services} and to dc fituate in any Part of Great Britain, and the faid Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments (hall, when fo purchafed, be forthwith fettled, conveyed and allured to the Ufe of the faid Marquis of Wellington, and to the Heirs Male of the Body of the faid Marquis of Wellington, and to fuch other Perfon to whom the faid Title, Honour and Dignity of Marquis of Wellington (hall defcend, purfuant to the Limitations of the Patent, whereby the faid Dignity is granted, and in default and on failure of Heirs Male of the Body of the faid Marquis, then to the Ufe of the Heirs of the Body of the faid Marquis of Wellington•

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if on the Payment of the faid Sum of One hundred thoufand Pounds, or any Part thereof, to fuch Truftees as aforefaid, the faid Truftees (hall not be able immediately to inveft the fame in any fuch Purchafe as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe the faid Truftees (hall, and they are hereby required to lay out fuch Sum of One hundred thoufand Founds, or fuch Part thereof as cannot be fo invefted as aforefaid in Exchequer Bills, or in any other Government Securities, aod to keep the lame fo invefted in Exchequer Bills, or fome Government Securities, bearing intereft until the fame can be invefted in any fuch Purchafe as afotefaid, and in the mean time, and from time to time to pay the Intereft arifing therefrom to the faid Marquis of Wellington, or the Perfon entitled for the time being to fuch Annuity as aforefaid.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Marquis of Wellington or for the Perfon upon whom the faid Title of Marquis of Wellington (hall defcend, either before or after his Marriage with any Woman or Women by any Deed or Deeds, or Writing or Writings, with or without Power of Revocation, to be by him fealed and delivered in the Prefence of Two or more credible Witneifes (but fubje& and without Prejudice to the Annuity or Annuities, yearly Sum or Sums, if any, which (hall be then fublifting and payable by way of Jointure or Jointures, out of the faid Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, by virtue of any Grant, Limitation or Appointment to be made in purfuanceof the Power herein contained), to grant, limit and appoint unto fuch Woman or Women whom he (hall fo marry, for her or their Life or Lives, and for her or their Jointure or Jointures, in bar of Dower as hereinafter is exprefted, any Annuity or yearly Sum not exceeding the Sum of One thoufand five hundred Pounds of like lawful Money, clear of all Taxes, Charges and Dedu&ions whatfoever, by A& of Parliament or otherwife howfoever to commence and take Effe& immediately after the Deceafe of the Perfon granting, limiting or appointing the lame, and to be i(Tiling and payable out of the laid Rents and Profits of the faid Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and to be paid and payable by equal quarterly Payments, and the Firft of the laid quarterly Payments

B 4	to

1

powered to purchafe Manoi s. Sec.

Truftees to lay Money out in Exchequer Bills, fee. till invefted.

Power to grant

Jointures.

8

AJD.iSiz.

C. 4.	53*	GEO.	III.

Jointures not to ciceed 3,00c!.

Manors, Ice. not fubjecLto Dower.

Marquis empowered to ltafe Manors for 21 Years.

B tilding Leafes for 90 Years.

to be made on the Quarter Day which (hall firft happen after tbw Deceafe of the Perfon who (haU hare appointed the Annuity or yearly Sum lad hereinbefore authorized*

X.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That the (aid Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments (hall not at one and the fame time be fubjed to the Payment of more than the yearly Sum of Three thoufand Pounds, for or in refped of any Jointure or Jointures which (hall be made in purfuance of the Powers hereinbefore contained.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fo to be purchafed as aforefaid, (hall not be fubjed to Dower of the Wife or Wives of the faid Marquis of WeHington, or of any of the Perfons who may fucceffively be feized thereof under the Limitations aforefaid.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the (aid Marquis of Wellington, and fuch other Perfon or Perfons as (hall for the time being be in Pofleffion of or entitled to the Rents and Profits of the (aid Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fo to be purchafed as aforefaid, as and when they (hall refpectively be in the Poffefiion or entitled as aforefaid, to grant, demife and leafe all or any * of fuch Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which (hall be fo purchafed as aforefaid, to any Perfon or Perfons for any Terra or Number of Years, not exceeding Twenty one Years in PofTeffion, but not in Reverfion, Remainder or Expedancy, or by way of future Intereft, fo as upon every of fuch Leafes there be referved and made payable during the Continuance thereof refpedively, the beft and mod improved Yearly Rent or Rents that can be reafonably had or obtained for the fame, without taking any Sum or Sums of Money by way of Fine or Income for or in refped of fuch Leafe or Leafes, and fo as the Leflees to be therein refpedively named, and their refpedive Executors, Adminiftrators or Afligns, be not made dif-punifhable of or for Wade by any exprefs Words therein, and fo as that in every fuch Leafe there be contained a Condition or Claufe of Re-entry for Nonpayment of the Rent or Rents to be thereby refpedively referved, and fo as fuch refpedive Leflees duly feal and deliver Counterparts of fuch Leafes refpedively.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Marquis of Wellington, or the Perfon entitled for the time being to fuch Manors, Mefluages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, with the Confent in Writing of the Truftees for the time being, by Indenture fealed and delivered in the Prefence of and atteded by Two credible Witneffes, to demife, leafe and grant unto any Perfon or Perfons who (hall be willing to build upon the fame, in the manner by the Leafe or refpedive Leafes fo to be granted, to be fpecifled for any Term or Number of Years abfolute, not exceeding the Term of Ninety Years, to take effed in Pofleffion and not in Reverfion, or by way of future Interefl, with Liberty for the Leffee or Leflees to take down all or any Part or Parts of any Buildings which may be (landing upon the Premifes in any fuch Leafe or Leafes refpedively, to be comprized, and to convert and difpofe of the Materials thereof to fuch Ufcs and Purpofes as (hall be therein mentioned and agreed upon, and alfo to lay out and appropriate any Part of the Premifes to be comprized in fuch Leafe of Leafes, as or for a Yard or Yards, Garden or Gardens, to any Building or Buildings which may be built

upon

 LjOOQle

A.D.i8i2<

9

S30 GIO. IlL	C.	4.

upon the Premifes, or as and for a War or Ways, Street or Streets, Road or Roads, Avenue or Avenues, Paflage or Paffages, Sewer or Sewers, for the Ufe and Convenience of the Leffee or Leflees, or other Tenants or Occupiers of the Premifes, in fuch manner as (hall be mentioned and agreed upon in fuch Grant, Leafe or Demife, together with fuch Privileges and other Eafements as (hall by the faid Truftees be deemed reafonable or convenient, fo as there be referred in and by fuch Leafes, Demifes or Grants refpe&ively the beft and moft improved yearly Rent that can be reafonably had or gotten for the fame, to be made payable Quarterly, free from all Dedu&ioos whatsoever, regard being had to the Value of the Buildings (if any) to be comprized in fuch Demifes or Leafes, without taking any Fine, Premium or Foregift, or any thing in the Nature thereof, for the making of fuch refpe&ive Leafes; and fo as there be contained in fuch Demifes or Leafes refpe&ively, Covenants from the refpe&ive Leflees to pay the Rent thereby referred, to build and keep in Repair the Mefluages, Erections and Buildings which may be agreed to be ere&ed and built on the Premifes, and to furrender and leave in repair the Mefluages, Ere&ions and Buildings to be ere&ed and built upon * the Premifes thereby refpe&ively to be leafed at the End of the Term or Terms in fuch Leafes granted, and fo as there be contained in fuch Demifes or Leafes refpe&ively, a Power for the Leflore and their Surveyors and Agents, to enter upon the Premifes, and to infped the State and Condition thereof, and all fuch other ufual and proper Covenants, Provifoes and Conditions, on the Parts of the refpe&ive Leflees as are ufually contained in Building Leafe6, and Co as there be alfo contained in fucn Leafes, Demifes or Grants refpe&ively, Conditions of Re-entry for Nonpayment of the Rents to be thereby referved on Nonperformance of the Covenants, Provifoes or Conditions on the refpe&ive Leffees* Part, and fo as the refpe&ive Leflees do feverally execute Counterparts of their refpe&ive Leafes.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That it Audi not be lawful for the faid Marquis of Wellington* or the Perfon or Perfons who for the time being (hall be entitled in Poflcffion to the Rents, Iflues, and Proflts of the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, fo to be purchafed and fettled as aforefaid, to commit or permit any Kind of Wafte in or upon fuch Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or in or upon any Part thereof; and if the faid Marquis of Wellington, or any fuch other Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, mall at any time or times commit or permit any fuch Wafte, then and in every fuch cafe the faid Marquis, or any other fuch Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, fo committing or permitting any fuch Wafte, and his or their Heirs, Executors and Adminiftratore, (hall be refponfible in Damages to the Truftees for the time being, and (hall accordingly, by virtue of this A&, be fueable at Law by the faid Truftees m an A&ion upon the Cafe for fuch Damages $ and in every fuch A&ion in which Judgment (hall be given for the Plaintiff, Cofts (hall be awarded againft the Defendant or Defendants; and all fuch Monies as (hall be fo recovered for Damages and Cofts (hall, after Payment of all Expences and Charges which (hall be incurred, or (hall arife in Execution of this Part of the Trufts of this A&, be applied by the faid Truftees for the time being, in Improvement of any of the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, fo to be purchafed and fettled as aforefaid, by Repairs, Buildings, Planting, Inclofure, Draining or

otherwise.

Marquis for time being anfwetabl* in Damage* for Wafte on Mantra, Jcc.



A.D.i8i2



Making ofBricJc * or digging of Quarries.

Felling of Tim-ber.

Treble Coils.

Surrey of Timber made annually, to afcertain *mat b proper to be cut

C.4-	53° GEO. QL

otherwife, in the fame manner aa is hereinafter dire&ed, concernin] the Application of the Refiduary Surplus Money, from Sale o Timber, under the Provifions hereinafter contained.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enatfed, That it (hall b lawful for the faid Marquis of Wellington, or the Perfon entitled fc the time being to the Rents and Profits of any fuch Manors, Me: fuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, with the Confent c the Truftees for the time being, to dig any Brick Earth for makin Bricks, or to fink, dig or work any Quarries of Stone, Mines ( Coal, Minerals or other Mines, or witk the Confent, in Writinj of the Truftees for the time being, to grant Leafes of any Land f< the making of Bricks, or finking, digging or working any fuc Quarries or Mines in any fuch Manors, Lanas, Tenements or Her ditaments, other than and except on any of the Gardens or Pari near to or furrounding the Manfion of Refideuce, without being it peachable for any Wafte by reafon thereof.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall not be lawful any time or times to cut down or fell, or caufe to be cut down felled, any Timber which (hall be growing or (landing in or up the Manors, Lands and Hereditaments fo to be purcbafed and f< tied as aforefaid, or any Part thereof, otherwife than in manner hei inafter authorized ; and if any fuch Timber (hall be felled or c down in any other manner than is hereinafter authorized, the Perl or Perfons fo felling or cutting down fuch Timber, or caufing i fame to be felled or cut down, (nail be refponfible to the Truftees the Purpofes of this A6l for the time being, for the Value of 1 Timber fo felled or cut down, and (hall accordingly, by virtue of t A&, be fueable by the faid Truftees for the time being in an A&: upon the Cafe for the faid Damages; and in every luch A&ion which Judgment (hall be given for the Plaintiffs, Treble Cofts ft be awarded againft the Defendant or Defendants ; and all fuch Su of Money as (hall be fo recovered for fuch Damages and Cofts (h after Payment of all Charges and Expences which (hall be incurr or arife in the Execution of this Branch of the Trufts of this A be applied by the faid Truftees for the time being in the fame man as hereinafter is dire&ed, in refpe& of the Refiduary Surplus Moi from the Sale of Timber under the Provifions for that Purpofe hi inafter mentioned.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That fome time in the Monti November in every Year, when Occafion (hall require, and the ft (hall be requefted by the faid Marquis of Wellington, or the Per entitled for the time Deing to the Rents and Profits of fuch Man Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, a Survey and Valuation ( be made by fome fit and proper Perfon or Perfons to be appoir by the Truftees for the time being, of all fuch Timber ftandi growing and being in or upon the faid Manors, Lands and Hered ments Fo to be purchafed and fettled as aforefaid, as it (hall be Wi(h of the (aid Marquis of Wellington, or the Perfon for the t being in Poffefiion or entitled as aforefaid, to have cut down in Co of the enfuing Year, and as (hall be fit and in proper Courfe, or otherwife advantageous or proper to be cut down ; and fuch Sui and Valuation (ban be reduced into Writing, and being fo writ (hall be figned by the Perfon or Perfons appointed to make the f and be verified by his or their Oath or Oaths, (to be adminifterei





A.D.i8i2.

ii

53* GEO. III-	C*	4*

him or them by any Juftice of the Peace, any fuch Juftice being hereby authorized to adminifter the fame accordingly): and after fuch Survey and Valuation (hall be made and Iworn to as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for the faid Truftees refpedively, with the Content and Approbation of the faid Marquis of Wellington, or the Perfon for the time being in Poffeflion or entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fo to be pur-ebafed as aforefaid (fuch Confents refpe&ively to be teftified by Writing under the Hands of the Perfons giving the fame), to order and dire&, that fo much of the faid Timber as (hall have been fele&ed and marked for cutting by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Survey and Valuation (hall be forthwith cut down and felled, and fold and difpofed of, with all convenient Speed, for fuch Sum or Sums as to the faid Truftees (hall appear to be the bed Price or Prices that can reafonably be had or obtained for the fame.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Monies from time to time to arife and be produced by every Sale of Timber as aforefaid, (hall be paid to and received by the faid Truftees for the time being, and the faid Truftees, after Payment of all Expences attending any luch Valuation and Sale, (hall from time to time in the firft Place fet apart and appropriate fo much of the Surplus Monies as at the time when fuch Sale (hall be ordered as aforefaid (hall be equal in Amount to One fourth Part of the then grofs Yearly Rental of the faid Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which (hall be fo purchafed and fettled as aforefaid, if the Produce of fuch Timber (hall amount to fo much, and do and (hall from time to time, by and out of the Monies which (hall be fo fet apart and appropriated, or by and out of the Monies produced by the Sale of luch Timber, pay to the Perfon who at the time of fuch Order as aforefaid (hall be in the PofTeffion or entitled to the Rents, KTues .and Profits of the faid Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fo to be purchafed and fettled as aforefaid, or to his Executors or Admi-niftrators. Ten Pounds per Centum on the Amount of fuch grofs Yearly Rental, for the Purpofe of paying and re-imburfing to luch Perfon the Charges and Expences which may have been incurred by him in the neceflRiry and incidental Repairs of the faid Eftates, apd do and (hall lay out and inveft the Refidue of the Monies (which (hall be fo fet apart and appropriated as aforefaid) in or upon any Government Stocks or Funds, or at Intereft, on any Real Securities, in the Names of the faid Truftees for the time being, and the faid Truftees, in whofe Names the fame (hall be fo invefted, (hall ftapd and be poffeffed of and interefted in the faid Stocks, Fiinds and Securities upon the Trufts following; that is to fay, Upon Truft from time to time, during the Life of the Perfon, who (hall for the time being be fo in Poffeflion o.r entitled to the faid Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as aforefaid, at the time fuch Timber (hall ip manner aforefaid be ordered to be felled and cut down, to receive the Dividends and Interefts, and Annual Proceeds of the faid Stocks* Funds and Securities, and to lay opt and inveft the fame Dividends, Intereftt and Annual Proceeds, in or upon any fuch other Stocks, Funds and Securities as aforefaid, in the Way of Accumulation, and fo from time to time during the Whole of the faid Life, as to the Intereft, Dividends apd Annual Proceeds of fuch other Stocks, Funds and Securities, or of any fpeh Stocks, funds or Securities* ip pr uj>o*

which

Application of Part of Mooay arifing by Sale of Timber.

 L.ooQle

12

A.D.i8i2.

Further Directions as to Application of Money vefted in Goverment Securities.

Sha™ of Truft Mo»7 to jo in

C. 4.	GEO.	III.

which any like Accumulations fhall afterwards during fuch Life be invefted or placed out, and from and immediately after the Death of the Perfon fo having been in the Pofleffion, or entitled as lad afore-faid, then as to afi the faid original Stocks, Funds and Securities, and alfo as to all thofe from fuch Accumulations as aforefaid. In Truft for all and every or fuch One or more of the Children of the Perfon fo having been in Pofleffion, or entitled aslaft aforefaid (other than and except hit eldeft or only Son) at fuch Age or Ages, Day or Days, and Times, and in fuch Parts, Shares and Proportions, ana with (uch Maintenance in the mean time, until the Alignment or Transfer of their refpe&ive Shares, and fubje6t to fuch Provifoes and Limitations over (fuch Provifoes and Limitations, neverthelefs to be for the Benefit of fome or one of the fame Children, except as aforefaid), and in fuch Manner and Form as the Father fo fort tie time being m Pofleffion or entitled as aforefaid, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, with or without Power of Revocation or new Appointment, to be by him fealed and delivered in the Prefence of, and attefled by Two or more credible Winefles, or by his laft Will and Teftament in Writing, or any Codicil or Codicils thereto, to be by him ftgned and publifhed in the Prefence of the like Number of credible Witneffes, fhall dire& or appoint j and in Default of and fubjeft to fuch Direftion or Appointment, then in Truft for all and every the Child and Children of the Perfon fo having been in Pof-feffion, or entitled as laft aforefaid (other than and except his eldeft or only Son) in equal Shares and Proportions (if more than One), and if there fhall be but One fuch Child then in Truft for fuch One Child, and to affign, transfer and make over the Share or Shares of fuch of them as fhall be a Son or Sons to him or them, at his or their Age or refpe&ive Ages of Twenty one Years, and the Share or Shares of fuch of them as fhall be a Daughter or Daughters to her or them, at her or their Age or refpe&ive Ages of Twenty one Years, or Day or refpe&ive Days of Marriage which fhall firft happen after the Dc« ceafe of the Perfon fo having been in Pofleffion, or entitled as laft aforefaid.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That in Default of fuch Dire&ion or Appointment as aforefaid, and in cafe tmy fuch Child or Children being a Son or Sons (other than and except as aforefaid) fhall attain the Age of Twenty one Years, or being a Daughter mail attain the like Age, or be married in the Lifetime of the Perfon fo having been in Pofleffion, or entitled as laft aforefaid, then and from thenceforth the Share or Shares of fuch Son or Sons fo attaining the Age of Twenty one Years (other than and except as aforefaid), and of fuch Daughter or Daughters fo attaining the like Age, or being married before fuch Age, of, in, and to the faid Truft Stocks, Funds and Securities laft mentioned, or fuch Part of the faid Stock, Funds and Securities as fhall not have been fo dire&ed or appointed as aforefaid, fhall refpe&ively be, and be confidered as a veiled Intereft or vetted Interefts in the fame Child or Children, and fhall be tranfmiffible as fuch to his, her or their Executors, Adminiftrators or Affign8, notwithftanding the Death of fuch Child or Children afterwards in the Lifetime of the Perfon fo in the Pofleffion, or entitled as laft aforefaid.

XX.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed. That if any fuch Child, being a Son, (hall die under the Age of Twenty one Years,

or



A.D.i8ia*

53d GEO. HI.	C.	4*	13

or become an eldeft or only Son, or being a Daughter, (hall die under certain cafes to that Age, without having been married, then, and in fuch Cafe, S'*™011* and in Default of and fuojeA to fuch Dire&ion or Appointmeut as aforefaid, the Share of each fuch Son fo dying or becoming an eldeft or only Son, and of each fuch Daughter fo dying without having been married as aforefaid, of and in the faid Trail Stocks,

Funds and Securities (other than what (hall have been a&ually applied for the Advancement of fuch Son or Sons as hereinafter mentioned), (hall from time to time go and accrue to the Survivors or Survivor, and others or other of the fame Children, and the refpec-tive Executors, Adminiftrators and Afligns, or fuch of them as (hall be dead, having firft acquired a vefted Intereft in their refpe&ive original Shares, and be equally divided between or amongft luch Survivors and others of them, and the faid Reprefentatives of thofe who (hall be dead (if more than One), in equal Shares and Proportions, and (hall be transferable and payable at the fame Ages, Days and Times refpe&ively, as his, her of their original Share or Shares 5 and fuch Benefit of Survivorfhip or Accruer (hall extend as well to the furviving or accruing as to the orginal Shares.

XXI.	And be it further ena&ed, That in the mean time, after Um*l Truft the Death of the Perfon fo having been entitled or in Pofleflion as Fund* laft aforefaid, and until the faid Truft Stocks, Funds and Securities,

(hall become alflgnable or transferrable by virtue of the Trails afore- GuSdian^for faid, the Dividends, Intereft and annual Proceeds thereof or of fo Maintenance of much thereof, whereof no fuch Direction or Appointment (hall have Children, been made as aforefaid, (hall be paid to the Guardian or Guardians for the time being of fuch Child or Children, whofe Share or re-fpe&ive Shares of the (aid Trail Stocks, Funds and Securities, (hall not then have become aflignable or transferrable as aforefaid, to be applied for and towards the Maintenance and Education, and for the Benefit of the fame Child or Children (if more than One), according and in Proportion to their feveral apparent or prefumptive Rights and Shares, in the (aid Truft Stocks, Funds and Securities.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That in De- In what cafe fault of fuch Dire&ion or Appointment as aforefaid, it (hall be Truftew em-lawful for the (aid Traftees, lor the time being, of the faid laft mentioned Truft Stocks, Funds and Securities, after the Deceafe jjfsoosfoTthtif of the Perfon fo having been in Pofleflion or entitled as laft afore- Bmfit.

faid, to fell and difpofe of, or call in and receive any Part of the Share or Shares of fuch Child or Children, being a Son or Sons, of and in the faid Truft Stocks, Funds and Securities, fo as the Sum or Sums to be railed or called in do not exceed the Sum of Five thoufand Pounds in the whole for any One fuch Son, and to apply the fame Sum or Sums for placing out fuch Son or Sons in any Pro- . feffion or Employment, or for his or their Inftra&ion therein, or for purchafing him or them a Commifiion in the Army, or otherwife for his or their Advancement or Benefit, notwithftanding fuch his or their Share or Shares (hall not then have become vefted, due and payable.

XXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe the Perfon fo in ln cafe of no Pofleflion or entitled to the faid Manors, Lands, Tenements and Children, Tru£ Hereditaments as laft aforefaid, (hall die without having any Child ^?oflwrcd or Children who (hall live to becQmc entitled to the faid laft men-

turned Truft Stocks, Funds and Securities, then, and in fuch cafe, of Perfon* dyne

the in Poffsffion.



A.D. 1812.

C.4.

53°GEO.n!.

TnrfUti, with Content of Per-£00 in Pofletfion, nay change Securities.

Thitlees to apply Refidue of Money ariflng by the Sale of Timber in Im-movement of Manors.

Trufteet, with Confent of Per. fon in PofTeflion, may fell Manors, Ice. and purchase others.

the Truftees thereof for the time being (hall (land poffeffed of and interefted in the fame Trud Stocks, Funds and Securities, in Truft for the Executors or Adminiftrators of the Perfon fo dying having been in PofTeflion and entitled as lad aforefaid, and to aflign, transfer and make over the fame accordingly.

XXIV. And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Trudees, with the Confent and Approbation in Writing of the Perfon fo in PofTeflion or entitled to the Kents, Ifliies and Profit! of the faid Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, for the time being, to fell and difpofe of all or any Part of the faid laft mentioned Trod Stocks, Funds and Securities, and to lay out and inveft the Monies thereon arifing in or upon any other fuch Government or Real Securities as aforefaid, and in like manner to alter, ▼ary and change fuch other Government Stocks, Funds and Real Securities, for others of the fame or the like Nature, and fo from time to time as often as (hall be deemed expedient, fubjeft always neverthelefs to the Truds thereof hereinbefore declared.

* XXV. And as to, for and concerning the Refidue of the Sur-

*	plus of the Monies which (hall from time to time arife and be pro-

*	duced by every fuch Sale of Timber fo to be cut down and felled

*	as aforefaid, after fetting apart and appropriating fo much thereof

*	as is herein directed to be let apart and appropriated for the Pur-

*	pofes aforefaid ;* Be it further ena&ed, That the faid Trudees of this Aft for the time being (hall apply all fuch refiduary Monies in fuch Improvement and Melioration of the faid Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, fo to be purchafed and fettled as aforefaid, or of fome Part thereof, by Buildings, Reparation, Planting, Inclofure, Draining or otherwife, as the Trudees of this Aft for the time being, with the Confent of the faid Marquis of Wellington, or the Perfon or Pcrfons feifed of or entitled to the faid Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in PofTeflion, for the time being, or, in cafe of Infancy, his or their Guardian or Guardians for the time being, (hall think mod proper ; or if the faid Truf-tees for the time being, or a Majority of them, (hall difagree with the faid Marquis of Wellington, or the Perfon or Perfons fo feifed or entitled as aforefaid, or his or their Guardian or Guardians, about the manner of fuch Application, then as the Lord High Treafurer or the Firft Commifiioner of the Treafury for the time being (hall, on a Reference to him by auy of the parties who (hall fo differ, by any Writing or Writings to be fealed and delivered by him, direft and appoint.

XxVI. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Trudees for the time being of the faid Marquis, or of the Perfon or Perfons entitled for the time being to the Rents and Profits of the fa^d Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, with the Confent and Approbation of the Perfon or Perforts for the time being entitled in PofTeflion to the Rents and Profits of the faid Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fo to be purchafed as aforefaid, fuch Confent and Approbation to be teflifiea by Writing under his, her or their Hand ana Seal, or Hands and Seals, and atteded by Two or more credible Witneffes, to convey by way of Sale or by Way of Exchange, for or in lieu of, or to feu any Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments before purchafed, for the Purpofe of purchafing any other Freehold

16	Manors,



AJD.i8i2.	53°	GEO.	III.	C.4.	1	$

Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of a good Eftate of Inheritance, in Fee Simple in PoiTeffion, and to he tree from Incumbrances, and fituate as aforefaid, all or any of fuch Manors,

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, fo to be purchased as aforefaid, unto any Perfon or Perfons, and his or her Heirs or Affigns refpeftively, either together or in Parcels, for fuch Equivalent in Money, or in Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as to them the Truftees for the time being fhall feem meet 5 and it (hall be lawful for the Truftees, for the time being, and they are hereby required to lay out and inveft the Purchafe Money which (hall anfe from every or any fuch Side, or any Part thereof, in the Purchafe of other Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, of a good Eftate of Inheritance in Fee Simple in PoiTeffion, free from Incumbrances, and fituate as aforefaid, and in the mean time do and (hall lay out and keep invefted * in Public Stocks or Government Securities, in their Names, the Purchafe Money to be received as aforefaid, or fo much thereof as fhall not have been applied in the Purchafe of other fuch Manors,

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as aforefaid, and paying and applying the Intereft, Dividends and Income thereof, to the Perfon who for the time being would be entitled to the Rents and Profis of fuch Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, if fuch Purchafe had aftually been made, and when all or any of the faid Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, hereby made exchangeable as aforefaid, (hall be fo difpofed of, and conveyed m exchange for or m lieu of any other fuch Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as aforefaid, and when aH or any other fuch Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, fhall have been purchafed with Money ariiing from any fuch Sale or Sales as aforefaid, the Fee Simple and Inheritance of fuch Manors, Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments fo taken in Exchange or purchased, as laft aforefaid, (hall be well fettled, conveyed and allured to the Ufe of fuch Perfons, and for fuch Eftates, and under and fubjeft to fuch Powers and Provifions as the faid Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which fhall by virtue of this Aft be fo difpofed of by way of Sale or in Exchange, would, under the Limitations in this Aft contained, have ftood limited, if the fame had not been fold or exchanged; and all and every Perfon and Perfons to whom any fuch Conveyance of all or any of the faid Manors, Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments hereby made faleable or exchangeable as aforefaid, fhall have been made by way of Sale or in Exchange, and the refpeftive Heirs and Affigns of loch Perfon and Perfons, fhall and may have, hold and etnoy the Hereditaments which fhall by them refpeftively be purchafed or taken in Exchange, freed ana abfolutely difcharged of and from all the Ufes, Eftates, Charges,

Powers and Provifions hereby limited, expreffed and declared of and concerning the fame Hereditaments (other than and except fuch Demifes or Leafes as (hall have been previoufly made in purfuance of the Powers in that Behalf herein contained).

XXVII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enafted, That of tp-upon the Death of any of them, the feid Right Honourable William E?in!:ln* ncw Wellejley Pole, and the Honourable and Reverend Gerald Valerian T ecfc Wellejley Doftor in Divinity, or of any Perfon or Perfons who (hall become a Truftee or Truftees under the Power of Appointment

herein





AJ).i8ia.

Three Truftees empowered to except im certain cafec.

Truftees empowered to appoint Perfons to eft for them.

C. 4*	53*	GEO. m.

herein contained; and alfo in cafe they the (aid Right Honourable William WelUJles Pole, and the Honourable and Reverend Gerald Valerian Wellejley Dodor in Divinity, or fuch new Truftee or Truftees who (hall be appointed as herein mentioned* or any or either of them, (hall defire to be difchaiged from or decline to a& in the Trufts in and by this Ad declared, then, and in every fuch cafe, and with all convenient Speed after the happening of every fuch cafe, the faid Marquis of Wellington, or the Perfon or Perfooa who (hall for the time being be entitled to the Rents and Profits of the laid Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, fo to be purchafed as afbrefaid, or if fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be under the Age of Twenty one Years, then his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, witn the Confent in Writing of the Firft Commiffioner of the Treafury, or the Lord High Treafurer for the time being, (hall, by fome Deed or Inftrument in Writing under the Hand and Seal of the (aid Marquis of Wellington, or the Perfon or Perfons for the time being fo entitled as alorefaid, or fuch his, her or their Guardian or Guardians as aforefiud, nominate any other Perfon or Perfons to be a Truftee or Truftees in the room of the Truftee or Truftees fo dying or defiring to be difeharged, or declining to ad as aforefaid; and fuch new Truftee and Truftees (hall have and be invefted with fuch and the fame Powers, in all refpedt as if he or they had been originally nominated a Truftee or Truftees in and by this Ad ; and after every fuch Appointment of a new Truftee or Truftees, fuch Conveyances and Ads (hall be executed and done, as (hall be requifite for veiling the Eftate and Interefl of and in all and lingular the Truft Premifes in the continuing Truftees or Truftee (if any fuch there be) and fuch new Truftees or Truftee conjundly, to and for all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, or in fuch new Truftees or fuch new Truftee only, according to the Nature of the cafe; and in the mean time the Truft Premifes (hall be and remain in the remaining Truftees thereof for the time being, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Executors or Adminiftrators of fuch Survivor, or his Heirs, according to the Nature of the Truft Premifes.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded. That it (ban be lawful for any Three of the Truftees for the Purpofes of this Ad for the time being, to do and execute all fuch Ads, Matters and Things, in Execution of the Truft, as all the (aid Truftees refpedively are hereby authorized and empowered to do, and the fame (hall be as valid and effedual as if the fame had been done and executed by all the faid Truftees refpedively: Provided always, that in every fuch Ad, Matter or Thing, the faid Lord High Treafurer, or Firft Com-miffioner of the Treafury, or Chancellor of the Exchequer, (hall be one; (ave and except as to any Jointures or Charges by this Ad allowed to be made on any Eftates purchafed under this Ad, or as to the Cutting or Sale of any Timber, or Difpofition of any Monies arifing therefrom.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful for the Speaker of the Houle of Commons, the Lord High Treafurer or Firft Lord Commiffioner of the Treafury, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer, refpedively for the time being, from time to time, by Writing under Hand and Seal, to appoint a Perfon to ad in all or any of the Trufts of this Ad, and eitner, under fuch

Exceptions



*7

A.D.i&ia.	53*	GEO. III.	C.4,5.

Exceptions and Reftri&ions as to fuch Speaker of the Houfe of Commous, Lord High Treafurer or Firft Lord Commiflioner of the Treafury, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer, for the time being, fhall feem meet, or without any Exception or Reftridion 5 and alfo from time to time to remove fuch Subflitute, and to appoint any other Perfon for the fame Purpofe ; and all things which mall be done by any Perfon fo appointed as aforefaid, within the Compafs and during the Continuance of fuch his Appointment, (hall be as valid and effedual for the Purpofes of this A61 as if fuch Things had been done by the Speaker of the Houfe of Commons, the Lord High Treafurer or Firft Lord Commiflioner of the Treafury, or the Chancellor of the Exchequer, who (hall make fuch Appointment.

XXX.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Truftees for the time being of this Ad, or any of them, (hall not be charged or chargeable with or accountable for any more of the Trull Monies and Preraifes than they (hall refpedively actually receive, or (hall come to their refpedive Hands by virtue of the Trufts herein declared, nor with or for any Lofs which (hall or may happen of the fame Truft Monies and Premifes, or any Part thereof, lo as fuch Lofs happen without their wilful Negled or Default; and that it (hall be lawful for the fame Truftees for the time being, and every of them, in the firft place by and out of the Monies which (hall come to their Hands by virtue of the faid Trufts, to dedud, retain to and re-imburfe themfelves refpedively, all fuch Coils, Charges, Damages and Expences, as they fhall refpedively pay, bear, fullain, expend or be put unto, for or by reafon or means of all or any of the faid Trufts, Powers and Authorities, or the Management or Execution thereof, or any Ad, Tranfadion, Matter or Thing whatfoever, in any wife howfoever relating thereto.

XXXI.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad may be altered, amended or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be palTed in this Seflion of Parliament.

£$<<50(7.3. <.8.-52 G. 3. <.37.-53 G. 3. <133.]

CAP. V.

An A & to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, an Ad of the laft Seflion of Parliament, for making more effe&ual Provi-fion for preventing the Current Gold Coin of the Realm from being paid or accepted for a greater Value than the Current Value of fuch Coin \ for preventing any Note or Bill of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, from being received for any fmaller Sum than the Sum therein fpecified; and for Haying Proceedings upon any Diltrefs by Tender of fuch Notes.	[22d	December	1812.]

* TT 7 HE REAS an Ad was made in the laft Seflion of Par-9 W liament, intituled An A8 to continue, until Three Months 9 after the Commencement of the next SeJJron of Parliament, and amend 1 an A8 of the lajl SeJJton of Parliament (a), for making more cjfcdual 9 Provi/ion for preventing the Current Gold Coin of the Realm from

(*) [&*J« G.$.c.ll7.]

C	1	being

Truftees anfwer* able only for Monies, &c. ac« tually come to their Hands.

Expences

allowed.

Ad altered, fce»

52 G. c.5©.

53 Gso. III.

 (^.ooQle

AD. iff i*.

iff	C j, 6.	53#	GEO. m.

• being paid or accepted for a greater Value than the Current Value erf 9 fucb Coin; for preventing any Note or Bill of the Governor and 9 Company of the hank of England from being received for any fmaller 9 Sum than the Sum therein fbecified ; andforfaying Proceedings upon 9 any Difrefs by Tender offuck Notes ; and to extend the fame to 9 Ireland: And whereas it is expedient that the (aid Aft (herald 9 be continued ;’ Be it therefore enafted br the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament continued. aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid A6t /hall be and the fame is hereby continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen.

5* G. 3. c.165. §5.

CAP. VI.

An A St to explain and amend an A £t pafled in the Fifty fecond Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A& for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England ; and to enlarge the Powers of the fame in certain cafes.

[22d December 1812.3

WHEREAS by an Aft made and pa/Ted in the Fifty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An 9 A3 for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England, it it 9 enafted, amongft other things, that it (hould and might be lawful 9 for the Lord Chief Juftice oFthe Court of King’s Bench, the Lord 9 Chief Juftice of the Court of Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief 9 Baron of the Court of Exchequer refpeftively, to nominate and 9 appoint a Barrifter, and each of them was thereby required fo to 9 do, for the Purpofe of taking into Confideration Applications in 9 cafes of Imprifonment, where the Debt (hould amount to a Sum 9 exceeding Two thoufand Pounds, and of granting Relief in the 9 fame, according to the Provifions of that Aft, under the Autho-9 rity of Rules to be made in the faid Superior Courts, or by a 9 Judge’s Order at Chambers, where it (hould appear to them to be < juft and fitting: And whereas fince the palling of the faid Aft, and 9 in purfuance thereof, the Lord Chief Juftice of the King’s Bench 9 has nominated and appointed Newman Knowlys Efquire, Barrifter * at Law, for the Purpofe above mentioned, and the Lord Chief 9 Juftice of the Common Pleas has nominated and appointed Vitru-9 vius Lawes Efquire, Barrifter at Law, for the like Purpofe, and * the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer has nominated * and appointed Thomas Bridges Hughes Efquire, Barrifter at Law, * for the like Purpofe; but certain Doubts have arifen how far the 9 Powers vefted in the faid Barrifters by the faid Aft are at prefent * fufficient for efTeftuating the Objefts or the faid Aft: And whereaa 9 it is expedient, as well for the removing of fuch Doubts as other-• wife, that full and fufficient Powers for the efTeftuating the Objefts * of the faid Aft (hould be further fpecially conferred on the faid ‘ Barrifters, and that the Confirmation or Allowance of the Relief to * be granted under the Authority of Rules to be made in the faid 9 Superior Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, 9 or by a Judge’s Order at Chambers, as now required by the faid 9 Aft, (hould be declared to be no longer required, and that the 9 Adjudication and Order of the faid Barrifters relative to the fame,

13	9	(hould

 CjOOQle

A.D, rSia.

j3# GEO. HI.

G.&

*9

• ftoald be declared N> be final and conclnfive, in the manner herein-« after mentioned and provided;* Be it therefore enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Con. drat of the Lorda Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

That it fliall and mar be lawful for the faid Barrifters fo nominated Barrifters *p-and appointed as aforefaid to take into Confideration fuch Appii- pointed in purVj cations as may be or (hall already have been made to them by Infol-vent Debtors feeking to be difeharged by the faid A61 in cafes of ch.irgT Iniolvent Imprifoument for Debt, where the Debt or Debts amounted or fhall Debtors, amount to the Sum of Two thoufand Pounds and upwards, and to releafe and difeharge fuch Insolvent Debtors from fuch Debts, as to their Perfons and Effe&s, according to the Provifions of the faid a a, in cafes where, in their Judgment, it (hall appear to the faid Barrifters to be juft and fitting fo to do.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful Barriers to refer the faid Barrifters, upon the Petition to them of any fuch Prifoner, quire the Bodies and on his or her leaving with the faid Barrifters, or one of them, at °1 p.r,fo?*r.s m. his or their Place or Places of Refidence, a true Copy of a Schedule, c.mnties of1 * containing his or her intended Difcovery of his or her Real and Per- MiddMex «nd fonal Eftate, to be fwom to at the Firft Meeting of the faid Bar- Surry, &c. to l»e lifters next after fuch Petition, by Warrant under their Hands and hr«u«ht bsfors Seals, to require the Sheriff or Sheriffs, or the Keeper or Gaoler of thcnu

any Prifon or Prifons within the Cities of London and lVeJlm\nJler%

Counties of Middlefex and Surry, or Borough of Southwark, to bring before the faid Barrifters at fuch Place within the faid Cities,

Counties or Borough, and at fuch time not exceeding Twenty Days from the Date of fuch Warrant as in the faid Warrant (hall be fpecified in that Behalf, the Body of any Perfon or Bodies of any Perfons being in any Prifon or Prifon9 in the faid Cities, Counties or Borough refpe&hrely, and charged with or detained by reafon of any Debt or Debts, Damages or Cofts, Sum or Sums of Money, or Contempt for Nonpayment of Money, amounting in the whole to Two thoufand Pounds or upwards, with the Warrant or Warrants of his, her or their Detainer or Detainers, together with a Copy or Copies of the Caufe or Caufes with which he, (he or they was or were charged in fuch Prifon, on the Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, and fubfequent thereto, which Warrant or Warrants of tbc faid Barrifters every fuch Sheriffs or Sheriff, Keeper or Gaoler, is and are hereby commanded to obey.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That all Prifoners in any Gaol in Prifonersin England, other than the Gaols hereinbefore mentioned, and who other Gaols tabs (hall have been in Cuftody on the faid Fifth Day of June One Broughtb^ thoufand eight hundred and twelve, for any Debt or Debts, Damages, a ca$ orPw* Cofts, Sam or Sums of Money, or Contempt for Nonpayment of

Money, to the Amount of Two thoufand Pounds or upwards, (hall be at Liberty to apply to any of the Judges of His Majefty’$

Courts at IVeflminJler for, and the faid Judges arc hereby authorized

and required to grant, a Writ of Habeas Corpus, to be dire&ed to the

Keeper or Keepers of fuch Gaol, to bring any fuch Prifoner before

the faid Barrifters, at fuch Time and Place as the faid Judge or

Judges fhall dire&, on Proof being made by Affidavit to the Satis-

fa&ion of fuch Judge or Judges that fuch Prifoner hath petitioned	,

the laid Barrifters for Relief under this Ad according to the ProVi*

C 2	fionl



A.D.iSni.

a«

C.6.

S3* GEO. HI.

Barrifters may adminifter Oaths tg Witnefles.

Sons thereof, and upon a Certificate under the Hands of the (aid Barrifters that he or (he hath fo done; which faid Writ of Hmbear Corpus (hall be ferved on the faid Keeper of the faid Gaol, or left at the faid Gaol with any of the under Officers, under Keepers, or Deputies of fuch Gaoler or Keeper, and fuch Gaoler or Keeper (hall (on Payment or Tender of the Charges of bringing the laid Rate of Travel. Prifoner before the faid Barrifters at a Rate not exceeding Two Kog.	Shillings	per Mile, and on the faid Prifoners depofiting with the faid

Gaoler or Keeper the Charges of taking back the faid Prifoner at the Rate aforefaid, in cafe the laid Prifoner (hall be remanded by the faid Barrifters, and which faid Depofit the faid Gaoler or Keeper is hereby required to return to the faid Prifoner if he or (he (hall be difcharged by the faid Barrifters) bring, or caufe to be brought, the Body of the faid Prifoner before the (aid Barrifters, according to the Exigency of the faid Writ, together with the Warrant or Warrants of his or her Detainer, and a Copy or Copies of the Caufe or Caufes with which he or (he was charged in fuch Gaol on the faid Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, and fubfequent thereto.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Barrifters (hall have full Power and Authority to adminifter an Oath or Oaths to any Perlbn or Perfons appearing before them as Debtor or Debtors, or Witnefs or Witneffes, under this or the faid recited Ad, and in Execution of the Powers of the faid Ads, or of either of them, and to examine fuch Perfon or Perfons touching all Things which they the faid Barrifters (hall think neceffary for their Information in the Execution of the Powers committed to them by the (aid recited Ad or this Ad ; and that any Perfon or Perfons who (hall wilfully forfwear himfelf or berfelf, in any Oath or Oaths to be taken before the faid Barrifters under the Provifions of this or the faid recited Ad, and (hall be lawfully convided thereof, (hall be guilty of wilful and corrupt Penury, and liable to all the Pains and Penalties thereof,

V.	And be it further enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Barrifters, upon the Hearing of the feveral Applications which (hall from time to time be made to them for the Difcharge of fuch Debtors as aforefaid, if they (hall be fatisfied with the Truth of the Oath or Oaths taken by fuch Debtors refpec-tively, and (hall be of opinion, under all the circumftances of their refpedive cafes, that they are refpedively fit and proper Perfons to be difcharged under the faid recited Ad and this Ad, by Writing under the Hands and Seals of the faid Barrifters, to adjudge fuch Debtor or Debtors to be entitled to the Benefit of the faia Ads 5

,	and	it	alfo	(hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Barrifters, by

Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to order the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, in whofe Cuftody fuch Debtors are refpedively detained, forthwith to fet at Liberty fuch Debtors refpedively whom they (hall fo adjudge to be entitled to the Benefit of the faid recited Ad and of this Ad; and to remand into the Cuftody of fuch Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, any Debtor or Debtors whom they the faid Barrifters (hall deem not entitled to the Benefit of the faid Ads, and alfo any Prifoner or Prifoners as to Debts for which there (hall be any Commitment or Detainer againft them fubfequent to the Fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, and fuch Order or Adjudication of Difcharge or Remand by the faid Bar-Order final. riders (hall be, and is hereby declared to be final and conclufive, the

Provifion

Perjury.

Barrifters may order Debtors to be difcharged, or remand them into Cuftody.



A.D.i8ii.

C.6.

si9 gio. in.

4#

Provifion ip the (aid Aft lieretofore made, refpefting the granting

of fuch Relief under the Authority of Rules to be made in the faid

Superior Courts, or by a Judge’s Order, to the contrary hereof not-

withftaoding, and which Provifion is hereby declared to be repealed;

fubieft neverthelefs to forae one future Application to be made to the Future Applies-

faid Barrifters for Relief under the faid Aos, for the Removal of any tion*

Objeftion or Objeftions, in refpeft of which any Prifoner may have been remanded within One Year next after fuch Remand, m like manner and with and under the fame Notices and Regulations as are provided by the faid recited Aft with refpeft to Prifoners remanded by the Court of Seffions of the Peace, on their firft Application to be difeharged; and eveiy fuch Order or Adjudication of the faid Order Indem. Barrifters (nail be a fufficient Difcharge to the laid Sheriff or Sheriffs, nity againft Ef-Gaoler or Gaolers, and (hall indemnify him and them againft any C,P«*

Efcape or Efcapes, Aftion or Aftions for Efcape, which (hall or may be brought, commenced or profecuted againft him or them ; and the faid Barrifters are alfo hereby indemnified from and againft any Aftion or Aftions againft them, any or either of them, for or in refpeft of any fuch Order or Adjudication, or the Execution thereof, or any thing done under the fame, or otherwife under the faid recited , Aft or tbis Aft; and if any Aftion or Suit (hall be brought againft the faid Barrifters, or any or either of them, againft any Sheriff or Gaoler, or other Perfon or Perfons, for any fuppofed Efcape, Detainer or Imprifonment, or any other Matter or Thing done by them, or any or either of them, under this or the faid recited Aft, he	1

6r they may plead the General Iffue, and give this Aft and the • Sheriff, Ac. plead-Special Matters in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff be nonfuited, or j"j?^eucral discontinue his Aftion, or Verdift pafs againft him, or Judgment ue* upon Demurrer, the Defendant or Defendants (hall have Treble Treble Cofts. Cofts.

VI.	And be it further enafted. That the Eftate and Effefts of	Dj

fuch Debtors refpeftively, who (hall or may be adjudged to be dif- bcfveaedTn ** charged by the faid Barrifters, (hall immediately after fuch Adjudica- clerk of the tion be, and the fame are hereby vefted in the Clerk of the Peace, Peace, &c. Town Clerk or other Officer afting as Clerk of the Peace of the County, City or Place where fuch Debtors would be refpeftively difeharged, and (hall alfo be affigned, unto and for the Benefit of the Creditors of fuch Debtors refpeftively, unto fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Barrifters (hall, by Order in Writing under their Hands and Seals, nominate and appoint, in fuch and the like manner, and with fuch and the like Remedies and Powers, and under and fubjeft to the fame Obligations and Regulations, as are mentioned in the faid recited Aft with refpeft to Prifoners difeharged by the Court of Seffions, and the Alignment and Difpofal of their Eftate and Effefts; and that the future Eftate and Effefts of fuchDebtors or Prifoners, who (ball be fo difeharged by the faid Barrifters, (hall alfo be liable to Creditors, in fuch and the like manner as is provided by the faid recited Aft with refpeft to Prifoners difeharged by the (aid Court of Seffions; and that all and every other the Powers, Provifions,

Claufes, Articles and Things in the faid Aft contained, which are applicable or intended to be applied to Prifoners difeharged or applying to be difchaxged by the faid Court of Seffions, and which are not exprefsly repealed or altered by this Aft, (hall be and remain, and the fame are hereby declared to be and remain in full Force and Effeft,

C 3	and



n

A.D.i8i*~

C. 4,7.	53°	GEO.HL

and to be applicable t9 and to be applied u my become neceffary to Cafes of Prifboers difcharged or applying to be difcharged under this Aft by the faid Barrifters fo nominated and appointed as aforefaid, in as foil and ample a manner, and with the fame Benefits, Privileges and Advantages, and with the fame Penalties, Forfeitures and Dif-abilities, as if the fame had been federally and refpeftively repeated and re-enafted in this Aft.

49O.3. c. 7.

4*0.3. c.3.§x.

5*0.3. e.47.

$x.

49 G. 3. c.7. continued.

Hb Majefty, after Od. 1. l8i3, may, by Proclamation, p*» mit Diftilla-fioo of Spirits ftrom Com kc (except Wheat), and may alfo extend Prohibition.

cap. vn.

An Aft to continue, until the Thirty firft Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, an Ad made in the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, to prohibit the Diftillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in the United Kingdom, and another Aft made in the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, to fufpend the Importation of Bri~ tUb or lrijb-made Spirits into Great Britain and Ireland refpeftively, and to continue the Duties on Worts or Wafti made from Sugar in Great Britain, and the Duties on Spirits made from Sugar in Ireland.	[22d December 1812.3

1 YT7HEREAS it is expedient that an Ad made in the Forty 4 W ninth Year of the Reign of His prefentMajefty, intituled 4 An AS to prohibit the Diftillation of Spirits from Com or Gram 4 in the United Kingdom, for a limited Timc> and which by an Aft 4 made in the laft Seffion of Parliament was revived and continued 4 until the Thirty firft Day of December One thoufand eight hundred

*	and twelve, fo far as relates to Great Britain, and by another Aft 4 made in the laft Seflion of Parliament was revived and continued

*	until the faid Thirty firft Day of December One thoufand eight 1 hundred and twelve, fo far as relates to Ireland, (hould be further < continued for a limited time within the whole of the United King* 4 dom Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Mod Excellent Ma-jefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Thirty firft Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, the laid Tecited Aft of the Forty ninth Year (hall he and the fame i« hereby further continued, and (nail remain and continue in force in and through the Whole of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and freland, from the faid Thirty firft Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, until and upon the Thirty firft Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.

II. Provided always, and be h further enafted, That in cafe at any time after the Firft Day of OSober One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen. His Maiefty mall in His Royal Difcretion judge it to be for the Benefit and Advantage of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, to permit the making of Worts or Warn from Corn or Grain for Diftillation, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being, (hall in his or their Difcretion judge it to be for the Benefit of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland\ to permit the Diftillation of Spirits from Oats, Barley or any other Com or Grain (Wheat excepted), or from Malt, Floor or Bran, then and in fttch cafe it (ball

be

 C^ooQle

JLD»i8i2.

53® CIO. HI.	C.f.	23

be lawful witbk Great Britain for His Majefty, by His Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, to be HTued by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, or by His Majefty’s Order in Council, to be publifhed from time to time in the London Gazette, or for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being within Ireland, by Proclamation or Proclamations, to be iflued by and with the Advice of His Majefty’s Privy Council in Ireland, or by Order in Council, to be publifhed from time to time in the Dublin Gazette, to permit and fuffer all and every Perfon and Perfons (but not any particular Perfon or Perfons) at any time or times not lefs than Thirty Days from the Date of fuch Proclamation •r Order in Council in Great Britain or Ireland refpe&ively, to make W0K8 or Waflt for Dift illation, and to diftil Spirits from Oats, Barley, or aav other Corn or Grain (Wheat excepted), or from any Malt,

Flour or Bran, or in cafe His Majefty, the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being, at any time after the faid Firft Day of OSober One thoufaad eight hundred and thirteen, (hall in his or their Difcretion judge it to be for the Benefit and Advantage of Great Britain or Irelandrefpe&ively, further to continue the Prohibition of the Diftillation of Spirits from Com or Graia, from the faid Thirty firft Day of December One thoufend eight hundred and thirteen, until Forty Days after the then next Meeting of Parliament, then and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for His Majefty in Great Britain, and to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being in Ireland, by Proclamation or Proclamations, to be ifTued by and with the Advice of His Majefty’s Privy Council in Great Britain or Ireland refpettively, or by Order in Council, to be publifhed from time to time in the London Gazette, or in the Dublin Gazette, as the cafe may require, to continue in and throughout Great Britain and Ireland refpe&ively, from the faid Thirty firft Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, until Forty Days after the next Meeting of Parliament, the Prohibition hereinbefore mentioned 5 that is to fay, that in and throughout fuch Part of the United Kingdom as (hall be named and fpecified in any fuch Proclamation or Order of Council during the Continuance of fuch Prohibition, no Worts or Wafh for Diftillation (hall be made, and no Spirits (hall be diftilled from Oats, Barley or any other Corn or Grain, or from Malt, Flour or Bran, or any Mixture with the fame.

1 III. And whereas an A& was made in the faid Forty ninth 49 0.3. c.8.

4 Year of the Reign of His faid Majefty, intituled An AS to 4 Ml*** Importation of Britifh or \nfti-made Spirits into Great

*	Britain or Ireland refpeSively, until the Firft Day of June One

4 thoufand eight hundred and nine, which A (ft was further continued 49 &*3* c.toj,

4 by another A& paffed in the Forty ninth Year aforefaid, and was

•	alfo further continued by .an A & made in the Fiftieth Year of the 50Q.3.C.5. *3. 4 Reign of His prefect Majefty, and was further continued by an A€t 5* 0.3. c.3.14. 4 made in the laft Seffion of Parliament, and it is expedient that all

4 the Provifions for preventing the Importation of Briti/b or Irijb-4 made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland refpe&ively fhould be 4 further continued Be it therefore ena&ed, That all the Powers 49	c***

and Provifions in the faid A& intituled as laft aforefaid contained continue<1# (except as far as refpe&s the Remiffion of the Penalty for the Forfeiture of any Spirits arriving in Great Britain or Ireland refpec-

C 4	tively*



AJXitia

€.7,8.	53’	GEO.	HI.

lively, within a time therein limited), ftall continue and be la force from the Commencement of this A&, until Four Calendar Months after the Expiration of the time which (hall or may be fixed under the Authority of this Ad for prohibiting the DiftiU htion of Spirits from Grain in Great Britain.

IV.	And be it declared and ena&ed. That two fereral Ads made in the laft Seffion of Parliament, the one intituled An A8 to revive and continue until the Thirty Jirjl Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, fo muck of an A8 made in the Forty ninth Tear of His prefent Majefty, to prohibit the Dijlillation of Spirits from Com or Grain in the United Kingdom as relates to Great Britain, and to revive and continue another A8 made in the Forty ninth Tear aforefaid, to fufpend the Importation of Britifli or Ynu\-made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland refpcQivcly, and for granting certain Duties om Worts or Wajb made from Sugar during the Prohibition of Dijlillatiom from Corn or Grain in Great Britain ; and the other intituled An A8 to grant an Encife Duty on Spirits made or dijlilledfrom Sugar in Ireland during the Prohibition of Di/lillation from Corn or Grain there, in lieu of the Excife Duty now chargeable thereon, and to allow a Drawback on the Extort thereof, and the fereral Duties and Drawbacks thereby granted, and the Regulations therein contained (hall be and continue in force during the Continuance of this Ad, as if the fame were repeated and re-enaded in this Ad, except fo far only as the fame are altered or repealed by this Ad.

Aft altered, kc. V. And be it further enaded. That this Ad and the Ads hereby continued, may be altered, amended or repealed by any Ad or Ada to be made in this prefent Sefiion of Parliament.

C A F. VIII.

An Ad for repealing the Duties and Drawbacks on the Importation into and Exportation from Great Britain of Spanifi Red Wine, and for granting others in lieu thereof.

[22d December 1812.J

49	G.3. c.98.	« TTrHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties and Drawbacks

*	VV of Cuftoms payable on the Importation into and Exporta*

*	tion from Great Britain of Spanijh Red Wine fhould be repealed,

‘ and that other Duties and Drawbacks fhould be iropofed and

*	allowed in lieu thereofBe it therefore enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Par*

Duties, &c. on liament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from SpuiHh Red and after the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred tfte"^anuar 3 an<* t^1'rtecn* t^ie ^ut*e8 and Drawbacks of Cuftoms payable by *8n, New Du- kaw upon SpanUh Red Wine imported into Great-Britain do ceafe ties in Table. and determine, fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, which (hall have been incurred at any time before the faid Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and that from and after the faid Day, in lieu and inftead of the Duties hereby repealed, there (hall be raifed, levied, collefted and paid unto His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, the feveral Duties of Cuftoms on Spani/b Red Wine imported into Great Britain, as the fame are refpe&ively inferted,

described

Exception. S*Q. 3. c 3.

$aG.3. c.61. continued.





AJXiSix.	530 GEO. III.	C.8.

deforibed and fct forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed* marked A.* and that there (hall be paid or allowed on the Exportation of fuch Wine the feveral Drawbacks of the faid Duties of Cuftom, as the fame are alfo refpedively inferted, defcribed and fet forth in Figures in the laid Table i Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to compel the Importers, Proprietors or Confignees of fuch Wine to pay the Duties upon the Importation and Landing thereof, in cafe fuch Importers, Proprietors or Confignees (hall lodge and fecure the fame under the joint Locks of the Crown and the Merchant, in Warehpufes in the Port of London% under the Regulations of an A A palled in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefen t Majeity, intituled An A3 for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be fecured in Warehouse without Payment of Duty, or in Warehoufes at the Out Ports, under the Regulations of an Ad palled in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 to authorize the Lords CommiJRoners of His MajeJly*s Treafury, to permit certain Articles to be warehoufed in different Ports in Great Britain, upon giving Security for the Payment of Duties upon the Articles therein mentioned,

II.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Duties and no other (hall be charged and payable on any of the faid Wine which having been warehoufed or otnerwife fecured under the Authority of any Ad of Parliament without Payment of Duty, (hall be taken out of any fuch Warehoufe or Place wherein the fame (hall have been lodged or fecured for the Purpofe of being ufed or confumed in Great Britain, after the faid Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, not with Handing the fame may have been imported into Great Britain on or before the faid Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.

III.	And be it further enaded, That fuch of the faid Duties as (hall arife in that Part of Great Britain called England, (hall be under the Management of the Commifiioners of the Cultoms in England for the time being ; and fuch thereof as (hall arife in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall be under the Management of the Com-miffioners of the Cuftoms in Scotland for the time being.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Duties (hall be managed, afcertained, railed, levied, colleded, paid and recovered in fuch and the like manner as any Duties of Cuftoms of a like nature are managed, afcertained, raifed, levied, colleded, paid and recovered, and under and fubjed to the feveral Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, Penalties and Forfeitures, now in force in relation to or made for fecuring the Revenue of Cufioms in Great Britain, and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures for any Offences whatever committed again It or in breach of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on or immediately before the pafliug of this Ad, made for fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the feveral Claufes, Powers and Diredions therein contained, (hall be in full force and etfed as to the faid Duties -as fully and effedually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if they were at laiwe repeated and re-euaded in this Ad.

V.	And be it further enaded, That all Monies from time to time arifing from the faid Duties, the necelTary Charges of railing and accounting for the lame refpedively excepted, (hall from time to

time

*5

Wine waro-houfed under

43G.3-e.13*.

or

45 G. 3. c.87.

Duties ptid on Winetdtenoutof Warehoufe after January 5.1813.

Duties under

Commiffioncrsof

Cuftoms.

Duties how levied.

Duties paid into Exchequer*



a6

A St &tred,8c c.

51 O.3.C.Z1S.

I*

C.1,9.	53° GEO. ID.	AD.t8T2.

time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wejtmin-ftery and (hall be appropriated and applied in the Came manner *6 the Duties impofed by the faid recited Aft of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty are direfted to be appropriated and applied.

VI. And be it further enafted, That this Aft may be altered, amended or repealed by any Aft or Ads to be made in this prefent Seffion of Parliament.

TABLE to which this Aft refers.

TABLE (A.)

A TABLE of Duties of Cuftoms payable on the Importation of Spanifh Red Wine into Great Britain.

WINE, SPANISH RED,

»	-	- imported in a Britifh-built'

Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -. • . not imported in a Britifh-‘ built Ship, the Tun > containing 252 Gallons. 1 • - -exported to any Britifh' Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil, or any other of the Territories or PofTeflions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, t he T u n con-Mining 252 Gallons J - - - exported to any other Place, the Tun con tabling 252 Gallons

1

Permanent.

Duty.

£. t. d.

♦3 > —I

46 6 —|

Drawback.

Temporary or

WarDuties.

£. s. d.

£. /. <L

39 I* —

36 is —

CAP. IX.

An Aft to alter and amend an Aft, of the Fifty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, for better fecuring the Duties on Malt.	[22d	December	i8i2»]

4 YT7HEREAS by an Aft, made in the Fifty fecond Year of the 4 W Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AQ for better * fecuring the Duties on Malt, it is enafted, that no Maltfter or 4 Maker of Malt, haring wetted or begun to wet any Corn or 4 Grain to be made into Malt, fhall continue the fame or any Part 4 thereof, in fteep or covered with Water, for any longer Space of

‘ time



A.D.i8i2.

53* GEO. III.	C.9.	tj

4 time than Fifty fife Hours from the time of its being firft begun to

*	be wetted: And whereas it is expedient to allow any Maimer or

*	Maker of Malt, haring fo wetted or begun to wet any Corn or 4 Grain to be made into Malt, to continue tne whole thereof in fleop € and covered with Water, for the Space of Sixty five Hours, under,

€ fubjedt and according to the Rules and Regulations, hereinafter 4 mentioned ;’^Be it therefore enabled by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled,

and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the paffing Nodes ef fteep*

of this Ad, where any Maltfter or Maker of Malt /hall, m the ingofMtk.

Notice in Writing by fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt given or caufed

to be giveo to the Officer of Excife under whofe Survey fuch Maltfter

or Maker of Malt fhall then be, of the particular Hour or Time of

the Day when he or (he intends to wet Corn or Grain to be made

into Malt, fpecify that it is the Intention of fuch Maltfter or Maker

of Malt to continue the fame in fteep for the Space of Sixty fire Hours

from the time of its being firft begun to be wetted, it fhall and may

be lawful to and for fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt, who fhall have

wetted fuch Corn or Grain according to fuch Notice, to continue the

lame in fteep and covered with Water for the faid Space of Sixty

five Hours; any thing in the faid Ad contained to the contrary in

any wife notwithftandjng.

II.	Provided always neverthelefs, that no Maltfter or Maker of Tuns of be*m-Malt, having fo as aforefaid fpecified fuch his or her Intention, fhall ning to fteep, or begin to wet or fteep any fuch Corn or Grain fpecified in fuch Notice ®”*11 ** to be by him or her intended to be continued in fteep for the faid Space of Sixty five Hours at any other time than between the Hours of Eight in the Evening and Eleven at Night; and any fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt, having fo a6 aforefaid fpecified fuch his or her Intentioo, fhall be at Liberty to begin to wet or fteep, and to wet or fteep any fuch Corn or Grain fo fpecified to be intended to be continued in fteep for the faid Space of Sixty five Hours, at any time between the Hours of Eight in the Evening and Eleven at Night 5 any thing in any former Ad to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding; and no fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt fhall empty or take any fuch Com or Grain from or out of his or herCiftem, Uting Vat or other Veffel or Utenfil ufed for the wetting or fteeping thereof, at any other time than between the Hours of One and Four in the Afternoon; and if any fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt having fo as aforefaid fpecified fuch his or her Intention, and having wetted or begun to wet any fuch Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, fhall negled or refufe to continue the fame or any Part thereof in fteep or covered with Water for any longer or fhortcr Space of Time than Sixty five Hours, from the time of its being firft begun to be wetted, or fhall begin to wet or fteep any fuch Corn or Grain at any other time than between the Hours of Eight in the Evening and Eleven at Night, or fhall empty or take any fuch Corn or Grain from or out of his or her or their Ciftem, Uting Vat or other Veffel or Utenfil, and for the wetting or fteeping thereof, at any other time than between the Hours of One and Four in the Afternoon of that Day on which fuch Sixty five Hours fhall expire, then and in every fuch cafe the Maltfter or Maker of Malt fo offending fhall, for each and every fuch Penalty. Offence, forfeit and lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

• III. And

 ^ooQle

28



C9,10.

53’GEO.IIL

53 G. 3. c.n8.

§ x.

Securing Accefi to Officers to guage Citterns.

Aft altered, See.

* III. And whereas by the laid Aft it is enafted, That every

*	Maltfter or Maker of Malt (hall creft, make and conftruft every « Cittern by him, her or them, intended to be ufed for the wetting ‘ or (teeping of Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, in fuch Manner

*	and Form that any Officer or Officers of Excife may eafily, (afely

*	and fecurely have Accefs to the fame, and conveniently gauge in any

*	Part of Two Sides of fuch Cittern the Corn or Grain which (hall at

*	any time be contained therein, under the Penalty of Two hundred ‘ Pounds: And whereas by means of the Ladder and moveable Plank 1 mentioned in the faid Aft, any Ciitem may be accurately gauged r although not more than One Side of fuch Ciitem be acceffible, and

*	it is therefore expedient to make the Provifion in the Behalf here-

*	inafter mentioned ;* Be it therefore enafted, That, from and after the paffing of this Aft, no Maltlter or Maker of Malt (hall incur or be liable to the faid Penalty, who (hall provide fuch Ladder and fuch moveable Plaok, and (hall alfo fo conftruft his, her or their Ciitem or Citterns, if more than One, fo that the (aid moveable Plank may be laid acrofs every fuch Ciitem in every Part thereof, in fuch a Manner and Form that any Officer or Officers of Excife may eafily, fafely and fecurely have Accefs to fuch Cittern and Citterns refpeftively, and conveniently gauge in everj Part thereof the Corn or Grain which (hall at any time be contained in fuch Cittern and Citterns refpeftively, notwitbftanding only One Side of fuch Cittern or Citterns, as the cafe may require, may be acceffible, provided fuch Side (hall be freely acceffible throughout the whole Length thereof.

IV. And be it further enafted, That this Aft may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Aft or Afts to be patted in this Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. X.

An Aft for charging an additional Duty on Rice imported into Great Britain.	[22d December 1812.3

€ TT J HERE AS it is expedient that an additional Duty of Cuttoms € VV fliould be impofed on the Importation into Great Britain of * Rice}’ Be it therefore enafted by the King’s Mott Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by tne Authority of the fame. That, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, there (hall be raifed, levied, collefted ana paid to and for the Ufe of His Majefty, his Heirs and Succettors, an additional Duty of Cuttoms of Ten Shillings on every One hundred Weight of Rice imported into Great Britain, except fuch as (hall be directly imported from any of the Poffeffions of the Eajl India Company or from any Britijb Colony or Plantation : Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to compel the Importers, Proprietors or Confignees of fuch Rice to pay the Duties upon the Importation and Landing thereof, in cafe fuch Importers, Proprietors or Confignees (hall lodge and fecure the fame under the joint Locks of the Crown and the Merchant, in Warehoufes in the Port of Warehoufed un- London, under the Regulations of an Aft patted in the Forty third der 43 0.3.	Year of the Reign of fiis prefent Majefty, intituled An A8 for per-

mitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain, to be fecured in

Wartbouf*

49 G. 3. c- 98-

Duty on Rice imported.

Prorifo.

c. 133.



Googk

A^D. 181 A*

53° GEO. m.

C.io.

29

Warehoufe without Payment of Duty, or in Warehoufes at the Out Ports, under the Regulations of an Ad paffed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 to authorize the Lords Commtffioners of His Majejlfs Treafury to permit certain Articles to be wareboufed in different Ports in Great Britain, upon giving Security for the Payment of Duties ubon the Articles therein mentioned.

II.	And be it further enaded, That the faid additional Duty of Cuftoms (hall be charged and payable on any Rice which having been warehoufed or otherwife fecured under the Authority of any Ad of Parliament, without Payment of Duty, fhall be taken out of any fuch Warehoufe or Place where the fame (nail have been lodged or fecured, for the Purpofe of being ufed or confumed in Great Britain, after the faid Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, notwithftanding fuch Rice may have been imported into Great Britain, before the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.

III.	And be it further enaded, That fuch of the Duties by this Ad impofed, as fhall arife in that Part of Great Britain called England, fhall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms in England for the time being; and fuch thereof as fhall arife in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, fhall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms in Scotland for the time being.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That the faid additional Duty of Cuftoms by this Ad impofed fhall be managed, afcertained, railed, levied, colleded, anfwered, paid and recovered, in fuch and the like manner, and by the fame ways, means and methods, as any Duties of Cuftoms of a like Nature are managed, afcertained, railed, levied, colleded, anfwered, paid, recovered and allowed, and under and fub-jed to the feveral Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftric-tions, Penalties and Forfeitures, now in force in relation to or made for fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms in Great Britain, and all Pains, Penalties, Fines or Forfeitures, for any Offence whatever committed agairift or in breach of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on or immediately before the palling of this Ad made for fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms, or for the Regulation and Improvement thereof, and the feveral Claufes, Powers and Diredions therein contained, (hall be in full force and effed as to the faid Duties, as fully and effedually to all Intents and Purpofes, as if they were at large repeated and re-ena&ed in this Ad.

V.	And be it further enaded, That all Monies from time to time anting from the faid Duties, and neceffary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame refpedivelv excepted, fhall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wejhninfter, under the Head of Confolidated Cuftoms, and fhall be appropriated and applied in the fame manner as the permanent Duties impofed by an Ad paffed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for repealing the feveral Duties of Cuftoms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof \ are direded to be appropriated and applied.

VI.	And be it further enaded. That this Ad may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Ad or Ads to be made in this prefent Seffion of Parliament.

45 G. 3. c. 87.

Rice taken out of Warehoufe after Jan. 5. 1813, to pay Duty although imported before that Day.

Duties under Commiflioners of Cuttoms.

Duties how levied.

Monies paid into Exchequer.

490.3. c.98.

A£t altered, Jtc.

CAP.

 v^ooQie

C.II, 12.

53* GEO. in.

AD.181I



4J G. 3. c. 69. Sch.C.Dr&wb»ck.

Drawback on Chocolate ex-ported.

Regulations of *1 G.3. c.55.

obferved.

CAP. XI.

An Aft for allowing an additional Drawback on Chocolate exported.	[22d	December	181 2.]

* TT T HERE AS it h expedient to allow an additional Drawback € W on Chocolate exportedBe it therefore ena&ed by the King’s Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, froa and after the palling of this Adi, there (hall be paid and allowed for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Chocolate made in Great Brit mm of Cocoa Nuts which (hall have been imported into Great Britain^ and for which the Duties impofed in refped thereof (hall have been paid and duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, an additional Drawback of One Shilling and Twopence.

II. And be it further ena&ed. That the faid additional Draw* back (hall be paid and allowed out of the Duties of Excife i>y Law impofed for or in refpe& of Cocoa Nuts imported into Great Britain, and under, fubje& and according to the Rules, Regulations, Reftri&ions and Provifions, contained and provided in and by an Aft made in the Twenty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty King George the Third ; among other things, for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in lieu thereof, or by any other A& or A&s of Parliament now in force relating to the Exportation of Chocolate on Drawback.

CAP. XII.

46 G. 3. C.XXI.

Order in Council SecUred valid.

An Aft for indemnifying fuch Perfons as have advifed or afted tinder an Order in Council for allowing the Importation of certain Articles into the Weft Indies, and for permitting fuch Importation until the Thirtieth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.

[22d December 1812.]

WHEREAS for the neceflary Supply of the Britijb Weft India Iflands, and of the Lands and Territories to rfis 4 Majefty belonging on the Continent of South America, it has been 4 deemed expedient, by Order in Council bearing Date the Twenty ‘ fixth Day of OBobcr One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, 4 to permit, till the Thirtieth Day of June One thoufand eight 4 hundred and thirteen, the Importation and Exportation of certain 4 Articles in other Ships and Veflels than thole allowed for fuck 4 Importation and Exportation, by an Aft pafled in the Forty fixth « Year of His prefent Majefty’* Reign, intituled An AB for autho-4 riziug His Majefty in Council to allow, during the prefent War and 4 for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace% 4 the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities 4 in Neutral Ships into and from His Majefty*s Territories in the 4 Weft Indies and Continent of South America; which Order and • every thing therein contained ought under the prefent circum* * fiances to be jufttfied and made good in Law 5’ Be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the

Advice



A.D.x8i2.

53* GEO. IIL	C.	12* 13,14.	jt

Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid Order and every thing therein contained fhaU be deemed and taken to be valid in Law, and fhall continue to be carried into Execution, and that all Perfons ad riling or a&ing under the faid Order (hall be and they are hereby fully indemnified for the fame.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That, firom and after the palling Extended to tm-of this Alt, the Importation and Exportation of Articles, Goods armed Veflels and Commodities enumerated in the faid Order in Council, may be not Mottling made in any unarmed Ship or Vcflel not belonging to France, or to 19 France* the Subje&s or Inhabitants thereof, or of any Port or Place annexed to the Territories of France, until the Thirtieth Day of June One thonfand eight hundred and thirteen, and no longer.

Poft. c.67.]

CAP. XIII.

An Ad for authorizing the Afliftant Secretary to the Poft-mafter General to fend and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty on Poftage. [22d December 1812.]

4 TT T HE REAS it is expedient that the Afliftant Secretary to the

*	W Poftmafter General fhould be authorized to fend and receive

*	Letters and Packets by the Poft free from Poftage Be it therefore enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with theAdvice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority

of the fame, That, from and after the paffincr of this Ad, it (hall AffiftaatSecre* be lawful for the Afliftant Secretary to the Poftmafter General for tary roay f«* the time being to fend and receive Letters and Packets by the Poft LetterTfree free from the Duty of Poftage, in the fame manner as the Secretary froJ^Poftaje. to the Poftmafter General for the time being is authorized by Law to fend and receive Letters and Packets free from Poftage.

CAP. XIV.

An Ad to explain fo much of Two Ads, for regulating His Majefty’s Houfehold and other Purpofes, as relates to the Powers of the Commiflioners for the Care and Management of His Majefty’s Real and Perfonal Eftate.

[22d December 1812.]

4 XTTHEREAS an Ad palled in the Fifty lirft Year of His 5*6.3. c.x.

*	VV prefent Majefty, intituled An AS to provide for the Admi-

* niflration of the Royal Authority, and for the Care of Hit Majefty*s 4 Royal Perfon during the Continuance of His Majefty* s Illneft; and 4 for the Refumbtion of the Exercife of the Royal Authority by Hit

4 Majejly : And whereas an Ad palled in the Fifty fecond Year of 5* 6.3. c. I.

4 Kis prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for the Regulation of Hie 4 Majejly*s Houfehold, and enabling Her Majejly the Queen to meet 4 the increafed Expence to which Her Majejly may be expofed during 4 His Majejly* s Indifpofttion ; andfor the Care of His Majejly* s Real 4 and Perfonal Property ; and to amend an AS jf the lajt SeJJion of

* Parliament, to provide for the Adminiftration of the Royal Authority

* during

3*

AD.i

Lands or Tenements belonging to His Majefty in Right of His Crown not under Commiffiooers.

Aft altered, kc.

continued.

C.14,15.	53*	GEO.	HI.

*	during His Majejtyt lllnefs : And whereas Commiffiooers

*	been appointed under the faid laft recited A£l, for the Car

*	Management of His Majedy’s Real and Perfonal Eftate:

4 whereas it was not intended by the faid lad recited AA tha

*	Majedy’s Fore ft* or Parks, or any Part thereof which have 4 ufea and cultivated as Farms by His Majedy, fhould be j ‘ under the Care, Controul and Management of the faid C01 4 fioners; but Doubts have arifen as to the Powers of the faid 4 miflioners in refpedl thereof, and it is therefore expedieni 4 fuch Doubts (bouid be removed / Be it therefore declared ai adted, by the King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with th vice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and mons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Author the fame. That nothing in the faid lad recited Adi contained be deemed or condrued to ved in, or place under the Ca Management or Controul of the Commiffioners for the time appointed for the Care of His Majedy’s Real and Perfonal 1 under the Provifions of the faid recited A&, any Royal I Fored or Park, or any Lands or Tenements belonging tc Majedy in Right of the Crown of this Realm, or making 1 any Royal Fored or Park, although the fame may hav< ufed and occupied by His Majedy before His Indifpofii Farms for His private Ufe; any thing in the laid recited A either of them, to the contrary noiwkUdanding.

II. And be it further enadted, That this Adi may be 2 amended or repealed by any Ad or Adis to be pafled in this of Parliament.

CAP. XV.

An Adi for continuing to His Majedy certain Dut Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; ; Penfions, Offices and Perfonal Edates in England s f Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and tl

Qaad December

Mod Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Msgedy’s mod dutiful and loyal Subjedls tl mous of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and in Parliament afTembled, towards railing the necefiary Su] defray Your Majedy’s public Expences, have freely and vo refolved to give and grant unto Your Majedy, the Rates, Di Impofitions, hereinafter mentioned: And do mod humbly Your Majedy, that it may be ena&ed ; and be it ena&e< King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice ant of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in th Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the far within and throughout that Part of Great Britain called Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, the Duty upon all Malt which, in and by One A& of Parliament paf Fird Year of His Majedy’s Keign, intituled An A3 for and granting to Hit Majejly certain Duties upon Malt, M\ and Perry, for the Service of the Tear One thoufand feve and fxty one, was granted or continued to His Maiefty Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand feven hundrea



A.D.i8iz,	53° GEO. III.	C15.	3|

two, and which by feveral fubfecjuent Afts has from time to time been granted and continued to His Majefty until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, (hall be further continued in like manner, and (hall be and is by this Aft charged for or upon all Malt which (hall be made withiu that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, from and after the Twenty third Day of June One thou? land eight hundred and thirteen, and before the Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen.

II.	And be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid. That Duties paid m within and throughout that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain Scotland for called Scotland, there (hall be raifed, levied, coliefted, paid and fatis-

lied, unto and for the Ufe of His Majefty, his Heirs and Succelfors, for and upon all Malt, the Duty hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay: For and upon every Bufhcl of Malt which at any time or times, from and after the Twenty third Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and before the Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, (hall be made of Barley or any other Com or Grain in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever (whether the fame lhall be or not be for Sale) the Sum of Three pence, and fo propor-. tionably for a greater or lefs Quantity, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof refpeftively.

III.	And be it further enafted, That the faid feveral and refpeftive How Duties m Duties by this Aft granted and continued refpeftively, until the Malt Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, (hall be raifed, levied, collefted and paid unto His Maiefty, his

Heirs and SuccefTors, during the time and Term aforefaia, by the fame ways, means and methods, and by fuch Rules and Direftions, and with fuch and the like Allowances and Repayments proportionally, and under fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, and with lucb Power of Mitigation, and other Powers in all Refpefts, not otherwife direfted by this Aft, as are preferibed, mentioned or exprefled in the faid former Aft, or in any other Aft or Afts of Parliament thereby referred unto^ or any of them, for or concerning the Duties by them or any of them granted, or continued or by any other Aft or Afts of Parliament now in force relating to the railing, levying, collefting, fecuring and managing fuch Duties ; and that the lame Aft formerly made and Former ABm paired, and the faid other Afts hereby referred unto, as for and con- continued, cerning the faid Duties upon Malt, and every Article, Rule, Claufe,

Matter and Thing, in them or any of them contained, or thereby referred unto, and now being in force and not otherwife altered by this Aft, lhall be and continue m force and efifeft, to all Intents and Pur-pofes, for railing, levying, collefting, fecuring and accounting for the Rates, Duties and Impolitions hereby granted and continued refpec-tively, and for levying and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures, and making any Mitigations and proportional Allowances, and all other Matters and Things during the Continuance of this Aft, as fully as if the fame were particularly and at large repeated in the Body of this prefent Aft; fave and except as to fo much of the faid Exceptien. Afts, or either of them, herein mentioned or referred unto, as gave Power to the Commiffioners of Excife, or to any other Perfon or Perfons therein named, in England and Scotland refpeftively, to compound and agree with any rerfon or Perfons for the Duties of 53 Geo. Iu,	D	fuch

 kjOOQle

A.D.i8i2.

C.15.	53* GEO. HI.

fuch Malt which (hould grow due or payable from him, her or them, by the faid Ads or either of them 5 any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

4 IV. And whereas it it the true Intent and Meaning of this pre-

*	fent Ad, that the full and entire Sum of Twenty thoufand Pounds

•	of lawful Money of (treat Britain, clear of all Charges and Expences 4 of Management and Colledion, (hall be railed out of that Part of

*	Great Britain called Scotland', for the Service of the Year One thou-

•	land eight hundred and thirteen, by a Malt Tax to be raifed and 4 levied as in England, by a Duty of Three pence per Dulhel on all 4 Malt made and confumed in Scotland ; and in cafe the faid Duty of 4 Three pence per Bufhel upon Malt, to be charged in Scotland by 4 virtue of this Ad, being duly furveyed and colleded, (hall not be 4 fufficient effedually to raife and anfwer the faid Sum of Twenty

•	thoufand Pounds in nett Money, after all Charges and Dedudions i whatfoever, that then fuch Deficiency (hall be made good by a Sur-4 charge to be made upon all Makers of Malt in that Part of Great 4 Britain called Scotland, in Proportion to the Malt they (hall refpec-4 tively make between the Twenty third Day of June One thou-

*	fand eight hundred and thirteen, and the Twenty fourth Day of Money riifed in * June One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen \9 Be it therefore Scotland; if De- enaded by the Authority aforefaid, That after thfc Twenty fourth ficiency, an addi- £>ay of June One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, in cafe it

^ut7* (hall appear to the Commiflioners of Excife for the time being in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, that the Duty upon Malt made in Scotland by this Ad granted as aforefaid, (hall not be fufficient to anfwer the clear Sum of Twenty thoufand Pounds as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the faid lad mentionjd Commiflioners of Excife, and the Officers uoder them, to make a proportional Surcharge upon all and every Perfon and Perfons who '	(hall	have	made	any Malt in that Part of Great Britain called Scot-

land9 within the Year ending the Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, or (o much Money, by way of additional Duty, upon all the Malt made by fuch Perfon or Perfons refpedively, as (hall make good fuch Perfon or Perfons proportional Part of fuch Deficiency; which faid Surcharges (hall be paid to the refpedive Colledors of the faid Duties on Malt by the refpedive Perfons on whom the fame (hall be fo made, within One Month after the fame (hall be fo furcharged, or in Default thereof, the refpedive Perfon or Perfons who (hall negled or refufe to make fuch Payment, (hall Fouiky.	forfeit	Treble	the Sum upon him, her or them refpedively furcharged

as aforefaid, to be recovered in fuch manner as the Duty of Three pence ter Bufhel may be recovered by virtue of this Ad, or any other Ad or Ads of Parliament hereinbefore recited or referred unto,

» which faid Surcharge byway of additional Duty for making good the Deficiency of the faid Sum of Twenty thoufand Pounds (it any fuch Deficiency there (hall be) (hall be computed and fettled as fol-loweth ; that is to fay, as the particular Quantity of Malt made by each fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt in Scotland, within the faid Year ending the Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred ana fourteen (hall bear Proportion to the whole Quantity of Malt made in Scotland within the fame Year, fo the particular Surcharge to be made upon fuch particular Maltfter or Maker of Malt, for or towards making good the faid Deficiency (hall bear Proportion

 (^.ooQLe

3$

A.D.181a.

53° GEO. III.

C. 15.

tion to the whole Sum which (hall be found to be deficient as afore-laid.	'

V.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it declared by the Authority afore- Surplu«ofPuti«s laid* That if the faid Rate of Three pence per Buftiel (hall produce a #pp*»ed toFiflw-greater Sum than the faid Sum of Twenty thoufand Pounds char of Ilet ,n •ootltnd* all Charges of Management, the faid Surplufagefo produced over and

febove the faid clear Sum of Twenty thoufand Pounds (hall be wholly applied towards the encouraging and promoting of the Fi(heries, and fuch other Manufactures and Improvements in Scotland* as may molt conduce to the general Good of the United Kingdom, and to no other Ufe, Intent or Purpofe whatfoever, in fuch manner as direfted by an Aft, palled in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His *3 0.x. c-jo. late Majefty King George the Firft, intituled An AQ for encou-raging and promoting Fijheries and other Manufactures and Improvements in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

VI.	And it is hereby declared and enafted, That iu all cafes where Aft to relit#

the hereinbefore recited Aft of the Firft Year of His prefent Majefty’s t0 •ame Day «*• Reign did relate to any Day or Time within the Year which com- 1	*3*

menced from the Twenty third Day of June One thoufand feven hundred and (ixty one, this prefent Aft doth and (hall relate to the like

Day and Time within the Year commenced from the faid Twenty third Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.

VII.	A.nd it is hereby further enaftedN by the Authority aforefaid, Malt brought That all Malt made in Scotland not to be confumed there, which at from Scotland any time or times between the Twenty third Day of June One thou- entered, or fur-fand eight hundred and thirteen, and the Twenty fourth Day of June

One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, (hall be brought into Eng-land, Wales or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, (ball, in cafe the fame fhall be brought by Sea, be entered with the Officer for the faid Duties of the Port where the fame (hall be fo brought into England, Wales Or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed aforefaid, and the Sum of Six pence per Bulhel for the Duties thereof (hall be paid to fuch Officer before lauding thereof, unlefs a Certificate from the proper Officer be produced that it hath paid the faid Duty of Three pence per Bufhel in Scotland ; and if fuch Certificate be produced, then there (hall be paid no more than Three pence per Bulhel, by virtue of this Aft, for fuch Malt fo brought into England; and in cafe the fame be brought by Land, fuch Malt (hall pafs and be carried by and: through the Towns of Berwick or Carlijle% and there entered with the Officer for the faid Duties, in fuch of the faid Towns by or through which fuch Malt (hall be fo carried, and the like Duty of Six pence per Bufhel for the fame (hall be paid down in ready Money, unlefs fuch Certificate be produced as aforefaid; but upon producing thereof, then there (hall be paid no more than Three pence per Bufhd by virtue of this Aft, on pain of forfeiting all fuch Malt, or the Value Pewit/, thereof, as (hall be landed or put on Shore, or be brought into England without fuch Entry or Payment of the Duties as aforefaid; and in cafe any Malt made in Scotland (hall, during the faid Term, be found coming out of Scotlandy or be brought from thence by Land by or beyond the Towns before mentioned, without Entry or Payment of the Duties thereof, then all fuch Malt, or the Value thereof, (hall Penalty* be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer of Excife for His Majefty’s Ufe, One Moiety of the aforefaid Forfeiture to be and go to The King’s Majefty, and the other Moiety thertof to fuch Perfon

Da	or

A.D.1812.

sf

Allowance to Maltfters for Graiu made into Malt.

Malt (hipped for Exportation, and relanded, forfeited.

Steeping* of Malt for Exportation kept feparate till me** fared.

Penalty.

Notice to Officers for taking Malt off Kilns.

C.i if	53*	GEO.	III.

or Perfons at (hall inform, feize or fue for the fame, or the Vahi* thereof, and to be recovered and levied by fuch ways, means and methods as any Penalties and Forfeitures are by this or any of the former A&s relating to the Malt Duties to be recovered and levied, or by Adion of Debt or upon the Cafe, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wefimmjler, wherein no Effoign, Prote&ion, Privilege, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance, (hall be allowed.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the faid Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, there (hall be allowed to Maltfters and Makers of Malt, .for Exportation, for every Twenty Quarters of Barley or other Corn or Grain which fhall be made into Malt for Exportation, in cafes where by Law any Bounty is allowed on the Exportation of Malt, an Allowance of Thirty Quarters after the fame fhall be dried and mad* into Malt, and no more, upon the Exportation thereof, though by their fteeping, wetting or watering the fame, the faid Twenty Quarters fhall be run out to any greater Quantity exceeding the laid Thirty Quarters.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That if after the (hipping of any Malt made to be exported, the Malt fo fhipped to be exported, or any Part thereof (hall be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, then and in every fuch cafe all the Malt which fhall be relanded, and Treble the Value thereof fhall be forfeited ; that is to fay. One Moiety thereof to The King, and the other Moiety to the Perfon or Perfoos who fhall feize, inform or fue for the fame ; and fuch Malt, fo relanded, fhall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms or Excife.

< X. And whereas Maltfters and Makers of Malt for Exportation

*	do frequently mix the Produce of Two or more Steepings of Corn 4 or Grain that have been entered to be made into Malt for Expor-

*	tation, on or as foon as it comes off from the Kiln, by reafou

•	whereof the Officers for the Duties on Malt cannot afcertain the 4 real Produce thereof, by which means great Quantities of each

•	Steeping of fuch Malt are or may be privately conveyed away, and 4 made ule of for Home Confumption, though the fame has not been 4 charged with the Duty as all Malt made for Home Confumption 4 ought to beBe it ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, all and every Maltfter or Maltflers, or Maker or Makers of Malt for Exportation fhall keep the whole and entire Quantity of his, her or their Com or Grain making into Malt for Exportation, of One Steeping or Wetting, when the fame fhall be on the Kiln, or after the fame (hall he taken off the Kiln, feparatt and apart from all and every Part of any other former Steeping or Wetting of Corn or Grain, until the fame fhall have been meafured by fuch Maltfters or Makers of Malt, in the Prefence of foroe Officer or Officers for the Duty upon Malt, on pain of forfeiting and lo&ng the Sum of Fifty Pounds,

XI. And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, all fuch Maltfters or Makers of Malt for Exportation, fhall give Notice in Writing to fome Officer or Officer^ of the Duties upon Malt, or fhall leave Notice in Writing at th* iz	next



A.D.i8ix.

53rGEO. III.	C.i$.	i7

next Office of Excife where the Journal is kept, of the Hour wheh he, (he or they (hall intend to take any Malt off the Kiln or Kilns, that fuch Officer or Officers may attend the meafuring of fuchMalt ; and after fuch Malt has been meafured, the fame (hall be immediately carried on Shipboard, if intended to be then exported, or elfe fhaft be immediately locked up and fecured in fome Storehoufe or other Place belonging to fuch Maltfters or Makers of Malt, in the Prefence of the faid Officer or Officers, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Penalty. Pounds.

XII.	And be it further enabled by the Authority aforefaid, Th&t, CLndeftioelv from and after the faid Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand opening Locks of eight hundred and thirteen, if any fuch Maltfter or Maltfters, or Maker or Makers of Malt, or any other Perfon or Perfons whatfo-ever, by his Order, Privity or Direction, after any Steeping or Making of Malt (hall have been locked up and fecured in any Storehoufe or other Place or Places in manner as aforefaid, (hall open any of the Locks or Doors, or (hall make any way or kind of Entrance into fuch Storehoufe or other Place or Places, or (hall remove any Part whatfoever of the Partition between any fuch Storehoufe or Place, and any other Place or Places whatfoever next thereunto adjoining, or (hall remove out of the faid Storehoufe or other Place, any Quantity whatfoever of the Malt that ha3 been fo locked up and fecured, without the Knowledge and Confcnt of, or without (irft having given Notice to fome Officer or Officers for the faid Duties, he, (he or they (hall refpe&ively forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIII.	And, the better to enable the Officers for the Duties upon Malt to difeover whether all fuch Malt made for Exportation, and that has been locked up and fecured in any Storehoufe or other Place or Places to be exported, has been really exported, be it enabled by the Authority aforefaid, That all and every fuch Maltfter or Maltfters, Maker or Makers of Malt, that on the faid Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, (hall have any Quantity of Malt locked up and fecured in any Storehoufe or any ather Place or Places as is before directed to be exported,

(hall, within Fifteen Months next after the faid Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, remove and clear out of his Storehoufe or other Place or Places, all and every Part and Parcel thereof that at any time after the faid Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, (hall be locked up and fecured in fuch Storehoufe or other Place in order to be exported, and (hall always from time to time, in every Fifteen Months, remove and clear out of fuch Storehoufe or other Place or Places in order to be exported, all and every Part or Parcel of Malt that at any time within every Fifteen Months after the laft clearing (hall be locked up and fecured in any Storehoufe, or in any other Place or Places that (hall be made ufe of by him, her or them, for the keeping

of Malt for Exportation, on Pain of forfeiting and lofmg the Sum of Penalty.

Fifty Pounds.

XIV.	And be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid. That, Time for dear-from and after the faid Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand ingout Store-eight hundred and thirteen, all and every Perfon or Perfons whatfo- houfes limited, ever that (hall become Maltfters or Makers of Malt for Exportation,

and (hall make ufe of any Storehoufe or Storehoufes, Place or Places, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, (hall, within Fifteen Months

D 3	after

aioreoouiee.

Penalty.

Storehoufes of

V/f ilr fnr Frnnvta

A

A.T). i8i2*

3*	C. i$.	53* GEO. HI.

after the* beginning to make ufe of any fuch Storehoufe pr Store-houfes, or fuch other Place or Places^ remove and clear out of fuch Places to be exported, all and every Part and Parcel of fuch Malt that at any time or times (hall have been put into fuch Place or Places within Fifteen Months after he, (he or they (hall have begun to make ufe of fuch Place or Places, and (hall always from time to time remove and clear out of fuch Storehoufe or other Place to be exported, all and every Quantity of Malt whatfoever that within every Fifteen Months after the laft clearing (hall at any time be locked up and fe-cured in fuch Storehoufe or Stoiehoufes, or any other Place or Places that (hall be made ufe of by him, her or them, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, on Pain of forfeiting and lofing the Sum of Penalty.	Fifty Pounds.

Recovery of Pe- XV. And be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid, That rulties.	all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, for any Offences againft this

Aft, fo far as the fame relates to the faid Duty on Malt, (hall be fued for, levied and recovered, or mitigated by the fame Ways, Mcan9 and Methods as any Penalty or Forfeiture given by any of the Laws of Excife upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors can or may be fued for, levied, recovered or mitigated, or by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler, and that One Moiety of fuch Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures lhall be to the Ufe of His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him or them that (hall difeover, inform or fue for the fame.

58G.J. e. 60.	«	XVI. And whereas by an Aft paffed in the Thirty eighth Year

9 of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A8 for making 9 perpetual, fubjeQ to Redemption and Pur chafe in the Manner therein 9 fated, the feveral Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as 9 a Land Tax for One Tear, from the Twenty fifth Day of March 9 One thoufand feven hundred and ninety eight, the feveral and refpec-4 tive Sums of Money granted to Your Majefty, by a Land Tax,

*	for the Service of the Year One thoufand feven hundred and ninety 4 eight, which were or (hould be charged on any Manors, Meffuages,

*	Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in Great Britain, are, after 9 the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand feven hundred and 4 ninety nine, continued and made perpetual with a Provifion that the 4 feveral Sums of Money charged upon Eftates in ready Money,

4 Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Pcrfonal Eftates, or upon 4 any Perfon or Perfons in refpeft of any Public Office or Employ-4 ment of Profit in the faid Aft mentioned, (hould, after the Twenty

*	fifth Day of March One thoufand feven hundred and ninety nine,

*	be afeertained, levied, collefted and paid according to the pirec-Time for levying * tions of any Aft or Afts to be paffed for that rurpofe ;* Be it Rate* limited. therefore enafted, That the feveral and refpeftive Sums of Money

which (hall have been or (hall be charged upon Eftates, in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels or other Per-38 G.3. c.5.	fonal Eft ate, by virtue of an Aft palled in the Thirty eighth Year of

the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A8 for granting an Aid to His MajeJly by a Land Tax to be raifed in Great Britain for the Service of the Tear One thoufand feven hundred and ninety eight, and which were not authorized to be fold in and by another Act made 3<>G.g,c.6o. an(j paffed in the fame Thirty eighth Year aforefaid, intituled An A8 for making perpetual> fubjc8 to Redemption and Pur chafe in the Manner

therein

A*D* 18-i 2*

53° GEO. III.	C.	i j.	89

therein fated\ the feveral Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Tear% from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufandfeven hundred and ninety eighty and alfo the feveral Sums of Money charged by virtue of the faid recited A& made in the Thirty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, in refpe6t of * any Public Offices or Employments, or any Annuities, Penfions,

Stipends or other Annual Payments, (hall be continued and raifed, levied, colle&ed and paid unto His Majefty within the Space of One Year from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and (hall be afcertained, aflefled and taxed in fuch manner and form as are hereinafter exprefled.

XVII. And be it further enadted, That the feveral and refpedive Sum charged on Sums of Money which (hall have been or (hall be charged by virtue Perfonal Eftates of the faid recited A A made in the Thirty eighth Year of His prefent **7	3-

Majefty’s Reign on Perfonal Eftates as aforefaid, (hall be and are ^ ParilhMand hereby fet and impofed on the feveral and refpe&ive Pariihes, Con- raifed on Eftates, ilablewicks, Divifions, Allotments and Places, wherein the fame have kc. been or (hall be fo charged by virtue of the faid lalt mentioned A& ; and that, towards railing the faid feveral and refpedtive Sums of Money hereby charged on the refpedtive Pariihes, Con liable wick;,

Divifions, Allotments and Places in England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweedy in refpedfc of fuch Perfonal Eftate as aforefaid, all and every Perfon and rerfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds and Fraternities, within the fame Pari(hes, Conftablewicks, Divifions,

Allotments and Places refpe&ively, having any Eftate in ready Money, or in any Debts whatfoever owing to them within Great Britain or without, or having any Eftate in Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels or other Perfonal Eftate whatfoever, within Great Britain or without, belonging to or in Truft for them (except and out of the Premifes deducted fuch Sums as he, (he or they do bona fide owe, and fuch Debts owing to them as (hall be adjudged de-fperate by the refpe&ive Commiflioners appointed by this Act; and alfo except the Stock upon Lands, and luch Goods as are ufed for Houfehold Stuff; and alfo except fuch Loans and Debts a9 are or (hall be owing from His Majefty to any Perfon or Perfons) (hall be charged with as much Equality and Indifference as is pouible by a Pound Rate ; that is to fay, by an equal Pound Rate for every One hundred Pounds of fuch ready Money and Debts, and for every One hundred Pounds worth of fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize,

Chattels or other Perfonal Eftate, and fo'for any lc(Ter or greater Sum or Value, for or towards the faid feveral and refpedtive Sums by this Adi fet or impofed, or intended to be fet or impofed, for and upon all and every luch Pariihes, Conftablewicks, Divifions, Allotments and Places hereby charged therewith as aforefaid ; fo that by the faid Rates fo to be taxed or aflefled as aforefaid for or upon the faid ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels or other Perlonal Eftate, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this prefent Adi, the full and entire Sums hereby fet or impofed, or intended to be fet and impofed in England, Wales and Berwick as aforefaid, upon the faid Perfonal Eftates, (hall be completely and effcdually taxed, aflefled, levied and collected, and (hall be paid into Exchequer, pai* the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer by Four Quarterly Pay- into, ments, the Firft Payment thereof to be made on or before the Twenty fourth Day of June which (hall be in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.

6	D	4	XVIII. And



A.D. i8i 2.

Cij.	530 GEO. III.

Offices tnd Era- XVIII. And fee it further ena&ed, That, for and towards railing-ployments rated the feveral Sums of Money charged as laft aforefaid on Perfons in by laid A£l, to refpedl of public Offices or Employments of Profit, all and every-P*v *be ^ate Perfon and Perfons, and all and every Commiffioner and Commilfioner* a e t ereon. j)avjng> ufing or exercifing any Public Office or Employment of Profit in England\ Wales or Berwick as aforefaid, which is or (hall 38 G.3. c.5. be rated or aflefled by virtue of an Adt palled in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft for granting an Aid to His Majefly by a Land Tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thoufand/even hundred and ninety eight, and all and every their Clerks, Agents, Secondaries, Siibftitutes and other inferior Minifters whatfoever (fuch Military Officers who are or (hall be in Muller by the Mugler Mailer General of His Majefty’s Army, or in Pay in His Majetly’s Army or Navy in refpedl of fuch Offices only excepted), (hall yield and pay unto His Majefty any Sum not exceeding the Sum at which fuch Office or Employment was aflefled in the Year commencing from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand feven hundred and ninety eight, f$G. j. e,J* by virtue of the faid Adi pafted in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft for granting an Aid to His Majefly by a Land lax to be raifed in Gn at Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thoufand feven hundred and ninety eight ; and that all and every Perfon and Perfons, Guilds and Fraternities, Bodies Politic and Corporate, having an Annuity, Penlion, Stipend or other yearly Payment, either out of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in England^ or out of any Branch of His Mujefty’s Revenue in Great Britain, or payable or fecured to he paid by any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever in Great Britain (not being or ifluing out of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or charged upon the fame, or included in any Afleflment made upon Lands, Teiuments or 38 G.3. c.5. Hereditaments mentioned in the faid Adi palled in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for granting an Aid to His Majefly by a Land Tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thoufand feven hundred and ninety eight, and not being Annuities or yearly Payments winch, by any Adt or Acls of Parliament made or to be made, are or fliall be efpecially exempted from the Payment of Taxes or Aids), fhall yield and pay unto His Majefty the Sum of Four Shillings for every Twenty Shillings by the Year for every fuch Annuity, |Pen-fion, Stipend or yearly Payment refpedtively, and after that Rate for one whole Year; the faid feveral Rates and Sums of Money hereby granted to be aflefled, impofed, levied and colledied, in fuch manner as hereinafter is mentioned.

CcmmiflioneTsof XIX, And be it further enadled, That, for the better aftefling, l and Tax ap- ordering, levying and colledling of the feveral Sums of Money fo as b-v lad aforefaid limited and appointed to be raifed and paid in the afore-and 49 0.3* c°fc ^art Great Britain called England, Wales and Berwick upon to put this Adi in Tweedy in refpedl of Perfonal Eftates, and in refpedl of Offices or Ea edition. Employments of Profit and Annuities, Penlions, Stipends and other yearly Payments, and, for the more effedlual putting this Adi in Execution, in reference to the fame, all and every the Perfon and Perfons who in and by an Adi of Parliament, made and pafted in the Forty eighth Year of His Majeily’s Reign, intituled An A3 for appointing Commijfioners for carrying into Execution an Aft of this

Sejfton





A.D. 1812.

53° GEO. HI.	C.	15.	,jf

Seffion of Parliament for granting to His Majejly a Duty on Penfions and Offices in England, and an Ad made in the Thirty eighth Tear of His prefent Majejly, for granting an Aid to His Majejly hy a Land Tax to he raifed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thou-fand fven hundred and ninety eight ; or in and by one other A & made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for redifying Mifakes in the Names of the Commif-Ji oners appointed by an A cl of the lajl Seffion of Parliament for appointing Commiffioners for carrying into Execution an Ad of this Seffion of Parliament for granting to His Majejly a Duty on Penfions and Offices in England, and an Ad made in the Thirty eighth Tear of His prefent Majejly for granting an Aid to His Majefy by a Land Tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the Service of toe Tear One thoufandfeven hundred and ninety eight, and for anointing other Commiffioners together <with thofe named in the firfi mentioned Ad, to put in Execution an Ad of this Sejfion of Parliament for continuing to His Majefy certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain, and on Penfions, Offices and Perfonal Efates in England, for the Service of the Tear One thoufand eight hundred and nine ; alfo the faid Ad made in the Thirty eighth Tear of His prefent Majefy, and for indemnifying fuch Perfons as have aded as Commiffioners for executing the faid Ads, were named and appointed Commiflioners for putting in Execution the fame Afts within the feveral Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs,

Cinque Ports, Towns, Divifions and Places of England, Wales and

Town of Berwick upon Tweed, duly qualifying thcmfelves according

to the faid Aft, palled in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of -go.3. c.5.

His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for granting an Aid to His

Majefy by a Land Tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the Service

of the Tear One thoufand feven hundred and ninety eight, in that behalf

(nail be Commiflioners for putting in Execution this prefent Aft, and

the Powers therein contained, within and for all and every the Pariflies,

Conftablewicks, Divifions, Allotments and Places, fituate within the

fame Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Town6,

Divifions and Places refpeftively, unlefs before tne Day hereinafter appointed for the firft Meeting of the Commiflioners for putting this Aft into Execution, fome Aft or Afts of Parliament (hall be made and pafled for naming and appointing Special Commiflioners for putting into Execution this prelent Aft, in which cafe no Perfon or Perfons lhall be empowered by virtue of any Nomination or Appointment by any former Aft or by this Aft of Parliament, to aft as a Commiflioner for putting this prefent Aft into Execution.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That the feVeral Commiflioners Meetings of laft aforefaid (hall meet together at the moll ufual and common Coramifiioners. Places of Meeting within their refpeftive Hundreds, Lathes, Rapes,

Wapentakes, Wards and other Divifions refpeftively, within England Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, within which they are appointed Commiflioners, on or before the Thirtieth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and (hall meet afterwards in like manner as often as it (hall be neceflary, for putting fo much of this Aft in Execution as is hereby committed to their Care and Charge 5 and the faid Commiflioners, or fo many of them as (hall be prelent at fuch Meeting or Meetings or the major Part of them, are hereby authorized and required to infpeft and examine the Afleflments made by virtue of the faid recited Aft, made in the Thirty eighth ^g q ^	^



A.D. i8ia.

.41	C.	15.	53*	GEO.	III.

Penalty.

Placet aflefled under 38 G.3. *5. difcharged.

Penalties im-pofed by 38 G.3. c. 5. extended to this Ad.

Year aforefaid, for the Year ending on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and afcertaio the feveral and refpcdive Sums of Money charged by virtue of the faid lall mentioned Ad, in every Pariih, Conftablewica, Divifion, Allotment or Place, for or in refped of any Eftate in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels or other Penonal Eftate, and alfo for or in refped of any Offices or Employments of Profit, Annuities, Penlions or Stipends, as aforefaid, bv any Afleflment -made for the faid Year ending on the faid Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and feparate, divide and fet down in Writing, the Amount of the feveral and refpedive Sums charged upon Eftates in ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares and Merchandize, Chattels or other Perfonal Eftate, and alfo the feveral and refpedive Sums charged io refped of any Offices or Employ* ments of Profit, Annuities, Penfions or Stipends, as aforefaid, from the Monies charged in fuch Parifhes, Conftablewicks, Divifions, Al-lotments or Places by virtue of the faid lad mentioned Ad, upon Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments ; and the faid Commiflionert are hereby required to deliver orcaufe to be delivered, a Schedule or Duplicate in Parchment under their Hands and Seals, fairly written, containing the whole Sum aflefled on each Pariih, Con (fable wick, Divifion, Allotment or Place, where any Afleflment (hall have been made upon Perfonal Eftates, or in refped of Offices and Employments of Profit, Annuities, Penfions or Stipends, and alfo the Chriiiian Names and Surnames of the refpedive Affeffors and Collectors under the Receiver General of each County, Riding, City, Borough, Town and Place, refpedively, where fuch Affeflments (hall have been made, or his Deputy, and (hall tranfmit or caufe to be tranfmitted a like Schedule or Duplicate into the King’s Remembrancer’s Office of the Exchequer, and this the Commifiioners (hall caufe to be done on or before the Tenth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, for which Duplicates the Receiver and Remembrancer, or their refpedive Deputies, (hail give to the Perfon who brings the fame, a Receipt in Writing, gratis, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, to be recovered to The King’s Ufe as other Penalties are by this Ad recoverable.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That every Parifh or Place in which any AfTefTment (hall have been or (hall be made, under and by virtue of the faid laft recited Ad, on any Perfon or Persons in refped of any Offices or Employments of Profit, Annuities, Penfions or Stipends, by any Afleflment for the Year ending on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, (hall, from and after that time, be wholly difcharged from fa much of the Sums to be levied upon fuch Pariih or Place, according to the Proportions eftabliflied under the faid recited Adi.

XXII.	And be it further enaded, That all and every the Powers, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters and Things, which, in and by the faid Adi, pafled in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for granting an Aid to His Majejly by a Land Tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thoufand feven hundred and ninety eight, are provided and eftabliflied for afcertaining, raifing, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying and managing the Rates and Affeflments granted by the faid laft mentioned Ad; and which by the faid other Ad

pafled

 L^ooQLe

A.D.i8i2.

53# GEO. ML

43

paffed in the fame Thirty eighth Year aforefaid, intituled An Ad for 38 G. 3. c. 6a m iking perpetual, fubjeB to Redemption and Purchafe in the Manner § i. therein fated\ the federal Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain, as a Land Tax for One Tear, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand feven hundred and ninety eight, are continued and made perpetual, in rdation to the Rates and Affeffments charged on Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments, until the Redemption and Purchafe thereof, fhall be piaftifed, ufed and put in Execution in and for the ascertaining, raifing, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying and managing the faid lalt mentioned Rates, Affeffments and Sums of Money to be charged, affeffed and levied by virtue of this Aft, in refp ft of Perfonal Eftates, and in refpeft of Offices or Employments of Profit, and Annuities, Penfions, Stipends and other yearly Payments, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if all and every the faid Powers, Rules, Penalties and Forfeitures,

Claufes, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-en-afted in this Aft.

4 XXIII. Whereas by an Aft paffed in the Thirty eighth Year 38 G. 3. c.5.

4 of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for granting § a.

4 an Aid to His Majejly by a Land Tax to be raifed in Great Britain,

4 for the Service of the Tear One thoufand feven hundred and ninety 4 eighty the Town and County of the Town of Newcafile upon Tyne 4 was charged in the Sum of Two thoufand five hundred and ei

4 Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Four pence, Part whereof has

4 raifed and charged on the Duty hereinafter mentioned And whereas

4 by Two Afts, One thereof paffed in the Thirty ninth Year of the 39 G. 3 c.84.

4 Reign of His faid prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 to enable the 4 Lords CommiJJioners of the Treafury to contraS with the Mojl Noble 4 Charles Duke of Richmond for the abfolute Purchafe of the Property 4 of the faid Duke, and all others interefed\ in a certain Duty of 4 Twelve pence per Chaldron on Coals Jhipped in the River Tyne, to be 4 confumed in England, and to grant a Compenfation for the fame by 4 way of Annuity, payable out of the Confolidated Fund; and the 4 other thereof paffed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the 39&40G. 5. 4 Reign of His faid Majefty, intituled An A3 to confirm an Agree- c.43.

4 merit entered into between the Commiffioners of His Majejly* s Treajury$

4 and the Mojl Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, in purfuance of 4 an A3 pajfed in the Thirty ninth Tear of His prefent Majejly, inti-4 tuled An A3 to enable the Lords Commiffioners of the Treafury to con-4 trad with the Mojl Noble Charles Duke of Richmond for the abfo-4 lute Purchafe of the Property of the faid Duke, and all others in-4 terefied, in a certain Duty of Twelve pence per Chaldron on Coals 4 Jhipped in the River T yne, to be confumed in England, and to grant a 4 Compenfation for the fame by way of Annuity, payable out of the Con-4 folidated Fund, and by virtue of the Agreement therein recited,

4 the faid Duty from and after the Twenty fecond Day of Augufi 4 One thoufand feven hundred and ninety nine, was^vefted in, and 4 made payable to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, and the 4 fame hath ever fince been collefted with and paid a9 the other 4 Duties of Cuftoms have been collefted and paid ; and it is therefore 4 juft that the faid Town and County of the faid Town fhould, from 4 the above Period, be exonerated and difeharged from the Amount 4 annually charged on the faid Duty as aforefaid;' Be it further en- Commiflfonew afted, That it mall be lawful for the faid Commiilioners of the faid for NewcafUe

Town upon Tyne to

A

 CjOOQle

44

A.D. 181z.

certify Duty charged.

Where Deficiencies! rife new Afleflments made*

Rated where refideDt.

C.ij.	53d	GEO.	III.

Town and County to certify to the Barons of His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer, what Sum and Sums of Money have been charged on the Duty in the faid Two laft recited Afts mentioned fince the Day of the Surrender of the fame, by virtue of the faid Two laft recited Ads, and the Agreement therein mentioned 5 and the faid Barons, or any Two or more of them, have hereby Power by their Difcretions, at any time before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, to difeharge or caufeto be difeharged fo much of the faid Sum of Two thoufand five hundred and eighty Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Four pence, as (hall appear to them to have been charged on the faid Duty, fince the faid Twenty fecond Day of Au«ujl One thoufand feven hundred and ninety nine ; and the faid Sutis (hall or may be difeharged upon the Duplicates returned or to be returned for the faid Town and County, and (hall be all >wed upon tfie Accounts of the Receivers General, and the Inhabitants of the faid Town and County (hall be acquitted againft His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflors, for the Payment of fuch Sums fo difeharged or ordered to be difeharged, by the Barons of the faid Exchequer, as well for the Afleflments heretofore made as for all AflTelf-ments hereafter to be made 5 any thing in the faid firft recited Aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIV.	And be it further cnafted, That in cafe the Proportions fet by this Aft upon all and every the refpeftive Parilhes, Conftable-wicks, Divifions, Allotments and Places in England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, in refpeft of any fuch Perfonal Eftate as aforefaid, (hall not be fully aflefivd, levied and paid, according to the true Meaning thereof, or if any of the faid Afleflments in refpeft of fuch Perfonal Eftate (hall be rated or impofed upon any Perfon not being of Ability to pay the fame, or that through any Wilfulnefs, Neglcft, Miftake or Accident, the faid AfTeflment charged in each Panfh or Place as aforefaid by virtue of this Aft, happens not to be paid to the Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, as in this Aft is di-refted ; that then and in all and every (uch cafe or cafes, the feveral and refpeftive Commiflioners, Afleflors and Colleftors, afting in the Execution of this Aft in relation to the faid Duties on Perfonal Eftates, and the faid laft mentioned Duties in refpeft of Offices and Employments of Profit, Annuities, Penfions, Stipends and other yearly Payments, and every of them refpeftively, are hereby authorized and requited to aflefs and re-aflefs, or caufe to be aflefled and re-aflefled, levied and paid all and every fuch Sum and Sums of Money upon the refpeftive rarifties or Places wherein fuch Deficiencies (hall happen, as to fuch Commiffioner8, or fuch Number of them as by this Aft arc authorized to caufe the faid Firft Afleflment hereby required to be made, (hall feem moft agreeable to Equity and Juftice; the faid new Afleflment to be made, collected and paid in fuch manner and by fuch means as in this Aft or any Aft hereby referred to is declared and directed for other Afleflments.

XXV.	And, in order to afeertain more particularly the Mode of aflefling and rating the feveral Perfonswho (hall be charged with any Rate or Afleflment in refpeft of any Eftates in ready Money, Debts or Perfonal Eftate in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweedy be it further enafted. That every Perfon who is or (hall be rated for or in refpeft of any Perfonal Eftate to him or her any ways belonging, (hall be rated at iuch Place where he or (he (hall be relident at the time of

the





A.D.i8i2*

4?

53° GEO. IIL	C. i5.

the Execution of tbit Act; and all Perfont not being Houfeholders, nor having a certain Place of Refidence, (hall be taxed at the Place where they (hall be refident at the time of the Execution of this Adi ; and if any Perfon who ought to be taxed in England, Wales or Bcr» wick upon Tweedy by virtue of this Adi, for or in refpedl of his or her Perfonal Eftate, (hall, at the time of his or her Affefiment, be out of the Realm, fuqh Perfon (hall be rated therefore in fuch Pari(h, Conftablewick, Divifion, Allotment or Place, where he or (he were lad abiding within this Realm.

XXVI.	Provided always, That where any Perfon (hall have any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels or Perfonal Eftate, in any Pariih or Parifties, Conftablewick or Conftablewicks, Divifion or Di-vifion8, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places, other than the Parifti, Conftablewick, Divifion, Allotment or Place where he or (he (hall be refident, or bad his or her Refidence, it (hall be lawful at any time before the Twenty fourth Day of Auguft One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, to rate and afiefs fuch Perfon for fuch Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Chattels or Perfonal Eftate, in any Parifti or Parifties, Conftablewick or Conftablewicks, Divifion or Divifions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places where the fame (hall be: Provided alfo, that if any Perfon or Perfons by reafon of his, her or their having feveral Manfion Houfes or Places of Refidence, or otherwife, (hall be doubly charged for any Perfonal Eftate by oc-cafion of this* Adi, then upon Certificate made by any Two or more of fuch Commifiioners for the County, Riding, City or Place of his, her or their laft Perfonal Refidence, under their Hands and Seals, of the Sum or Sums charged upon him, her or them (which Certificate the faid Commifiioners are nereby required to give without Delay, Pee or Reward), and upon Oath made of fuch Certificate before any Two fuch Commifiioners who have Authority to put this Adi in Execution for the County, Riding, City or Place, where the faid Cer« tificate (hall be made (which Oath fuch Commifiioners are hereby authorized and required to adminifter), then the Perfon or Perfons fo doubly charged (hall, for fo much as (hall be certified, be dif-charged m every other Pari(h, Conftablewick, Divifion, Allotment or Place in England, Walts or Berwick upon Tweed\

XXVII.	Provided alfo, That this Adi (hall not extend to the Inhabitants of Scotland\ Ireland, Jerfey or Guernfey, for afieifing any fuch Perfonal Eftate which they, or any to their Ufe, have within thofe Places, for or towards the faid Sum hereby authorized to be charged upon any Pariftior Parifties, Conftablewick or Conftablewicks, Divifion or Divifions, Allotment or Allotments, or Place or Places in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, as aforefaid; and if any Perfpn that ought to be taxed by virtue of this Adi, for or in refpe$ of 1h« or her Perfonal Eftate, (hall, by changing his or her Place of Refidence, or by any other Fraud or Covin, efcape from the Taxation, and not be taxed, and the fame be proved before the Commifiioners, or any Two or more of them, at any time within One Year next after fuch Tax made, every Perfon that (hall fo efcape from the Taxation and Payment, (hall be charged, upon Proof thereof, at Treble the Value of fo much as he or (he (hould or ojught to have been charged at by this A&$ the faid Treble Value, upon Certificate thereof made into the Exchequer by the Commifiioners before whom fuch Proof feaU he ma4©, to be levied on the Goods, Lauda and Hereditament! Of fuch Perfons.

XXVIII. And

Perfoiud Eftate afleffkl where it Hull lie, though AflTeflbr refidat elfewhere.

Perfonal Eftate in Scotland, lie. ProviTo for.



A.D. 1812.

Houfekeepen

Mot giving an Account of Lodgers.

Ptiulty.

Members of Parliament rated at their Manfion Hsufts.

Penalty.

Inhabitants of Towns having Perfonal Eftates in one or more Parishes afleflTed where refidenL

Officers of Exchequer, kc, to deliver Lifts of Penfions and Annuities when required.

C.15.	53	geo.	in*

XXVIII.	And, for the better Difcovery of Perfonal Eftate intended to be charged by this Aft, be it further enafted, That every Houfeholder in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, (hall, upon Demand of the Alleffors of the refpeftive Pari/hesor Places, give an Account of the Names and Qualities of fuch Perfons as (hall lojonm or lodge in their refpeftive Houfes, under the Penalty of forfeiting to His Majefty the Sum of Five Pounds, to be lesried and recovered in fuch manner as any other Penalty in this Adi mentioned (hall and may be levied aud recovered.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted, That the feveral Members of Parliament who at the Execution of this Aft, during this or the fub-fequent Seffion of Parliament, (hall abide within the Cities of London ana Wefiminfier, and the Suburbs of the fame^ or within the County of Middlefext (ball for or in refpeft of their ready Money or Debts, or any other Tax which may be laid on their Perfonal Eftate or Per-fons in refpeft thereof, during this or the next Seffion of Parliament, be aflefled only in the Places where fuch Members have their Manfion Houfes, of other Places where they moft ufually refide during the Intervals of Parliament; and in cafe any Affeflor or Commiffioner /hall afTefs, or caufe to be adefied, any Member of Parliament contrary to the Provifion hereby made, he or they (hall forfeit to the Party aggrieved the Sum of Forty Pounds, to be recovered by Aftion of Debt, or upon the Cafe, together with full Cods of Suit 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXX.	Provided always, That where any Perfon liable to be rated in refpeft of fuch Perfonal EiUte, and inhabiting within the City of London, or any other City or Town Corporate in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, hath his Dwelling Houfe in One of the Parifhes or Wards therein, and hath any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, in any One or more of the other Parifhes or Wards within the fame, that then fuch Perfon (hall be taxed, charged and aflefled for fuch his Goods, Wares and Merchandize, in the Parifh or Ward where he dwelleth, and not elfewhere, within the faid City and Town Corporate.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted. That the Officers in the Re» ceipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, and in other the Public Offices, upon Requeil to them made by the refpeftive Afleflors, (hall deliver, gratis, true Lifts or Accounts of all renfions, Annuities, Stipends or other annual Payments, and of all Fees, Salaries and other Allowances, payable at the faid Receipt, or in the faid Public Offices, to any Commiffioner or Commiffioners, Officer or Officers, for the Execution of this Aft, for the better Guidance of the faid AfTe/Tort in the charging of the fame; and that in all cafes where any Penfions, Annuities, Stipends or other yearly Payments, or the Fees, Salaries, Wages or other Allowances or Profits charged by this Aft, (hall be payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, or at any other Public Office,or by any of His Majefty’s Receivers or Paymaftcrs in Englandt Wales and Berwick ubon Tweed, the faid laft mentioned Tax or PaT. ment, which in pursuance of this Aft (hall be charged for or in refpeft of fuch Annuities, Stipends, Fees, Salaries, Wages, Allowances or Profits (hall and may (in cafe of Nonpayment thereof) be detained and (lopped out of the fame, or out of any Money which (hall be paid upon fuch Penfions, Annuities, Stipends, Fees, Salaries, Wages, Allowances or Profits, or for Arrears thereof, and





A.D.i8i2*

47

53°GEO. III.	C.ij.

be applied to the Satisfa&ion of the Rates and Duties not otherwife paid as aforefaid; and the proper Officers in the faid Exchequer, and other the Public Offices aforefaid, (hall keep true Accounts of all Monies flopped and (upon Requefl) (hall give Copies of fuch Accounts to the proper Colledlors of fuch Monies for the refpettive Parifhes or Places where the faid Monies are affeffed by this Adi.

XXXII. And be it further enadted, That every Perfon in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, rated or afleffed for his Office or Employment, (hall be rated and pay for his faid Office or Employment in the County, City or Place where the fame (hall be exercifed, although the Revenue or Profits arifing by fuch Office or Employment are payable elfewhere Provided always, that the Right Honourable the Matter of the Rolls, the Matters in Chancery, Six Clerks, Clerks of the Petty Bag, Examiners, Regifters, Clerks of the Inrolments, Clerks of the Affidavit and Subpoena Office, and all other the Officers of the Court of Chancery, that execute their Offices within the Liberties of the Rolls, (hall be there afleffed to the faid laft mentioned Duties for their refpedlive Offices, Salaries and other Profits, and not elfewhere ; and the faid Matters in Chancery for the time being, and the faid Six Clerks and Regifters for the time beiug, (hall be the Commiffioners for putting in Execution, and (hall put in Execution this Ad with relation to the laft mentioned Duties, within the faid Liberty, and exercife the Powers therein contained ; and that ail Annuities, Stipends and Penfions, payable to any Officers in refpedl of their Offices, fhall be taxed and afleffed to the faid laft mentioned Duties where fuch Officers are rated and affeffed for their Offices, and not elfewhere; and that all other Penfions, Stipends and Annuities in EnglandWales and Berwick upon Tweed, not charged upon Lands, (hall be charged and affeffed in the Parifhes and Places where they are payable.

c XXXIII. And whereas divers Offices and Employments of 4 Profit, chargeable by this Adi, are executed by Deputy, and the 4 principal Officers living in Places remote from the Divifion, Parifh, • or Place where fuch Offices or Employments are taxable, the 4 Rates and Affeffments for fuch particular Offices and Employ-4 ments cannot be recovered without great Charge and Difficulty Be it therefore enafted. That where any Office or Employment of Profit chargeable by this Adi, is or fhall be executed by Deputy, fuch Deputy (hall pay fuch Affeffment as fhall be charged thereon, and dedudl the fame out of the Profits of fuch Office or Employment ; and in cafe of Refufal or Nonpayment thereof, fuch Deputy (hall be liable to fuch Diftrefs as by this Act is prefcribed againft any Perfon having and enjoying any Office or Employment of Profit, and to all other Remedies and Penalties therein refpedlively contained; and that there fhall be the like Remedies and Penalties for the recovering the Monies afleffed upon any fuch Office or Employment of Profit to the Land Tax for the Year One thoufand feven hundred and fix, and for any fubfequent Year not yet fatisfied, in all cafes where the Accounts of thofe Years, or any of them, are not other-wife cleared in the Exchequer.

XXXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enadled. That this Adi, or any thing herein contained, fhall not charge or be conftrued to charge Her Majcfty the Queen, or any of the Royal Family, for or in refpedt of any Annuities yearly Payment!

granted

Officers to pay where employed.

Officer* in Chan* eery afleffed iu the Rolls Liberty.

Offices erecuteJ by Deputy Af-feflment paid by him.

Queen or Royal Family not chargeable in refped of Annuities.



 L.ooQle



A.D. 181a.

Superannuated Sea Officers, &c. not chargeable.

Refidentiaries not chargeable in certain caies.

Penfion* to Per-fom who have alted at Mini-fters,&c. at Foreign Courts not liable.

Duties not charged on Penfions, &c. exempted.

C.15.	530	GEO.	in,

granted to Her faid Majefty and to their faid Royal Highnefles, but that fuch Suras of Money, Annuities or yearly Payments, and Her faid Majefty and their Royal Highnefles, and their Treafurers, Receivers General and Servants for the time being, in refpeft of the fame, (hall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impofitions and other Charges whatfoever: Provided alfo, that this Aft, or any of the feveral Claufes herein contained, (hall not extend to charge the Penfions of any fuperannuated Commifiion or Warrant Sea or Land Officer, or the Penfions of Widows of Sea or Land Officers (lain in the Service of the Crown; or the Revenue of the moll Noble Order of the Garter; or the Penfions of the Poor Knights of Windfor payable out of the Exchequer only ; or to charge a certain Penfion of One hundred Pounds, granted by the late King Charles the Second, to the poor Clergy of the IJle of Man ; or to charge the Penfions or Salaries of His Majefty’s Pages of Honour, or of the Officers and Perfons employed or to be employed in colle&ing the Tolls and Duties payable by virtue of any Aft or Aft8 of Parliament for making, repairing or maintaining any Public Roads, by reafon of their faid Offices or Employments, or any Salary arifing thereby.

4 XXXV. And whereas the Rents and Revenues belonging to 4 the Refidentiaries of the Cathedral Churches in England and 4 Wales are chargeable to the Land Tax granted and made perpetual 4 as aforefaid, and in fome cafes the Overplus of the faid Rents 4 and Revenues above fuch Tax, Repairs and other Charges, is to 4 ^o in Shares for the Maintenance of the faid Refidentiaries, which 4 Shares are diminiflied by the faid Land Tax it is hereby provided and enafted. That in fuch cafes the faid Refidentiaries mall not by this Aft, or any of the Claufes therein contained, be further chargeable as enjoying Offices of Profit out of the faid Rents and Revenues; any thing herein contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained, (hall extend or be conftrued to extend, to charge or to authorize the dedufting from or aflefling any Perfon under any of the Provifions of this Aft, upon any Annuity, Penfion or Stipend paid to fuch Perfon on account of his having been or afted as a Minifter or Refident at any Foreign Court.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That nothing herein contained in relation to the faid feveral Sums of Money charged as laft aforefaid on Perfons in refpeft of Public Offices or Employments of Profit, or Annuities, Penfions, Stipends or other Annual Payments before deferibed, (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to charge or to authorize the dedufting from or affefling any Perfon in any cafe in which the Salary, Wages* Fees, Perquifites or Gratuities payable in refpeft of fuch Office or Employment of Profit, or in which the Annuity, Penfion, Stipend or other annual Payment (hall have been fpecially exempted From the Payment of any Aids or Taxes by any Aft of Parliament, or in any cafe in which any Salary, Wages or Stipend of any Office or Employment, or any other Annual Payment which (hall be payable to fuch Perfon in refpeft of fuch Office or Employment* or of his having held any fuch Office or Employment, (hall by any Ordcf of His Majefty in Council, or by any Warrant under His

Majefty**

 CjOOQle

A.D.i8ia.	53eGEO.ItI.	C.	15,	49

Maiefty’s Royal Sign Manual, or by any Order of the Com-mimoners of the Treafury, have been directed to be paid Nett or without Dedudlion, or in any cafe in which the Sums aflefTed on any fuch Salary, Wages, Stipend or Annual Payment (hall by like Order of the Commiffioners of the Treafury have been diredted to be repaid or re-imburfed to the Perfon aflefTed out of any Part of the Public Revenue of Great Britain : Provided always, that the Authority for the Payment Nett or without Dedudlion, of the Salary, Wages, Stipend or Annual Payment, or the Repayment of the Duty aflefTed on the Salary, Wages, Stipend or Animal,Payment aforefaid, fhall be refpedlively certified by Home principal Officer in the Department to which fuch Officer or Employment belongs, to be To paid Nett or without Dedudlion, or to be repaid out of the faid Revenue.

XXXVII I. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That Receipts not no Stamp Duty fhall be charged or chargeable for any Receipts chargeable with given by any Receiver General of the Land Tax to any Collector for Staml’ Defrayment of Money made by virtue of this Adi, any Statute to the contrary thereof not with (landing.

* XXXIX. And whereas by the faid Adi pafled in the Thirty $8G. 3. c.60.

*	eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An 1 Ah for making perpetual fubjeft to Redemption and Pur chafe in 4 the Manner therein Jlated, the feveral Sums of Money now charged 4 in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Tear, from the Twenty 4 fflh Day of March One thoufandfeven hundred and ninety eight (a),

4 it was enadlcd, that the feveral Duties impofed on Sugar , by

*	Three A6ts of the Twenty feventh, Thirty fourth and Thirty

*	feventh Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefly, on Malt, by 1 an Adi made in the Twenty feventh Year of the Reign of His ' prefent Majefty, and the Duties of Excife on Tobacco and Snuff by ‘ an Adi made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His

* prefent Mznefty, fhould continue in force until the Twenty fifth 4 Day of March One thoufand feven hundred and ninety nine

*	and no longer, but fhould from thenceforth ceafe and determine,

*	unlefs the fame fhould be fpecially continued by Parliament,

*	which faid feveral Duties were by an Adi made and pafled in the ‘ Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled

*	An A8 for continuing and granting to His Majejly a Duty on 39®*3*c*3«

4 Penftons, Offices and Perfouol EJlates, in England, Wales and the

€ Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt,

*	Tobacco and Snuff, far the Service of the Tear One thoufand ftven 4 hundred and ninety nine, further continued until the Twenty fifth

*	Day of March One thoufand right hundred, and which by feveral 4 fufifequent Adis were further continued until the Twenty fifth 4 Day of March One thopfand eight hundred and eleven : And

4	whereas by an Adt pafled in the Forty ninth Year of the Reigtf	c	-

4	of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft for repealing the feveral	^	*3>c»9

4 Duties of Cifloms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting 4 other Duties jin lieu thereoff the faid feveral Duties on Sugar were

*	repealed, and other Duties granted on Sugar in lieu thereof; And

*	wpereas by another Adi, .pafled in the Forty third Year of the

4	Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft to repeal the Duties	*3	G.	3. c. 69.

4	of Excife payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu

*	(a)	G»	3*	r.	116. $ 1.]

53 Geo. HI.	E	4	thereof,



5°

A.D.i8i2.

51 G. J.e. 1.

Duties on Sugar, uc. continued.

Mstrfes ptid into Exchequer enured leparate.

Sum to be nifed by Treafury.

48 G. 3. c. 1.

48 G. 3. c. 1. applied to this

A t\.

Exchequer Bills to bear Intertit.

Bank authorized to advance a certain Sum on

C. 15. '	53*	GEO. III.

*	thereof \ certain of the faid Duties on Licences to be taken out

*	by Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff, and certain Duties on Tobacco,

*	were repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof: And

*	whereas the faid Duties granted by the faid laH recited Adis,

*	were continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufar.d

*	eight hundred and twelve: And whereas the faid Duties on Sugar,

*	and the faid Duties on Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, together with

*	the faid Duties relating to Licences and Tobacco, were, by an Adi

*	paffed in the Fifty fccond Year of the Reign of His prefeut

*	Majefty, further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March

*	One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen ;9 Be it further enadled, That the faid feveral Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, and the faid Adis granting and continuing the fame, and all the Provifions thereof, mail be and the fame are hereby feverally and refpedtively further continued from and after the Expiration of the time limited as aforefaid, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, and all Monies arifing thereby which, (hall be paid into the faid Receipt of the Exchequer, (hall be entered feparate and diHindi from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majelly.

XL. And be it further enadled, That there fhall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His MajeHy’s Exchequer, One Book of Regifter, in which all the Money that fhall be paid into the Exchequer for the faid Rates and Duties hereby granted on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff; and alfo the Rates and Afleffments hereby granted on Perfonal EHates, and on Offices and Employments of Profit, Penfions, Annuities and Stipends, hereinbefore mentioned, fhall be entered and regiHered apart, and diftindl from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majelty.

XLI. And be it further enadled, That it fhall be lawful tor the Commiffioners pf His Majefty’s Treafury, at any time or times, to caufe or diredl any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three Millions, in the fame or like Manner, Form and Order, and according to the fame or like Rules and Directions as are diredled and preferibed in and by an Adi made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for regulating the iffuing and faying off of Ex~ chequer Bills.

XLI I. And be it further enadled, That all and every the Claufes, Provifoes, Powers. Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, contained in the faid recited Adi, made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent MajeHy, intituled An AS for regulating the iffuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills, fhall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in purfuance of this Adi, as fully and effedlually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as ff the faid feveral Claufes or Provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-enadled in the Body of this Adi.

XLIIL And be it further enadled, That the Exchequer Bills to be made out in purfuance of this Ad, fhall and may bear an Intereft not exceeding the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum upon or in refpedl of the whole of the Monies refpedlively contained therein.

XLIV. And be it declared and further enadled, That it fhall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to 15	advance

 LaOOQle

A.D.i8ii.

53® GEO. III.’	C.15.	51

advance or lend to His Majefty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, Creditor upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills authorized by this Ad, any A6t.

Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of

Three Millions; any thing in an Ad made in the Fifth and Sixth 5 8c 6 W. k M.

Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An c.ao.

Ad for granting to their Majejlies feveral Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vejfels, and upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors ; and for fecurbig certain Recumbences and Advantages in the faid A3 mentioned to fuch Perfons as /ball voluntarily advance the Sum of One million Jive hundred thoufand Pounds towards carrying on the War againjl France, or in any fubfequent Ad, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XLV. And it is hereby enaded, That the faid Commiflioners of Bills placed a* the Treafury (hall, and they are hereby refpedively authorized and Calh in empowered to caufe fuch Bills as (hall be prepared by virtue of this Exchequer; Ad, to be placed as fo much Cafh in the refpedive Offices of the Tellers of the faid Receipt of Exchequer, each and every of which Tellers (hall be feverally charged with a Proportion of the faid Bills which (hall be fo placed in his Office refpedively ; any Law or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLVI. And it is hereby alio enaded and declared, That the faid (finable in com-Exchequer Bills in the Hands of the faid Tellers (hall be locked up,	orher

and fecured as Cafh, according to the Courfe of the Exchequer, and (hall be taken and efteemed as fo much in Part of the Remains, in Real Money, wherewith each of the faid Tellers (hall from time to time (land charged in common with other the Monies in the faid Exchequer ; any Law or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding ; and that it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners of the Treafury to ifliie and apply the fame from time to time to fuch Services as (hall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this prefent Seffion of Parliament.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the Exchequer Bills Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Ad, together charged upon with the Intereft that may become due thereon, and the Charges of Duties granted exchanging and circulating the fame, (hall be and the fame are hereby b7 made chargeable and charged upon the Rates, Duties and Affeffments, granted by this Ad; and it (hall be lawful for the Commiflioners of the Treafury, and they are hereby authorized, from time to time, to dired to be iflued to the faid Paymafters by way of Impreft, and upon Account, fuch Sums of Money, and at fuch Periods as the faid Commiflioners (hall think neceffary, for or towards paying off and dif-charging the Exchequer Bills which (hall have been made forth by virtue of this Ad, or any of them, and for and towards paying the Intereft to become due on the faid Bills, and for and towards the Charge of exchanging and circulating the fame Bills, or any of them.

XLVIII. And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid. Account of Ex-That on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred chequer Bills and fourteen, or within Ten Days after, the Commiflioners of the Trea- take* fury, or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Trea-furer, or any Three or more of the Commiflioners of the Treafury for the time being, (hall caufe a true and perfed Account in Writing, to be taken and attefted by the proper Officers, of the Amount of all Exchequer Bills that (hall have been iflued by virtue of this Ad, and

E 2	how



A.D.jfcn.

Money due on Exchequer Bills paid out of next -Aids.

Surplus Monies carried to Crnifo-lidaied Fund.

Treafury to allow out of Con-folidated Fund Charges of making forth new Exchequer Bills.

Replaced out of Firit Supplies.

Aft, &c. altered#

C. 15, it.	53*	GEO. in.

how much thereof /hall before that time have been paid off or dif-charged, and how much thereof (hall then remain undischarged.

XLIX. And it is hereby enafted and declared by the Authority aforefaid. That the Monies lo remaining unfinished or not difchargea, with the Intereft due 6r to grow due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the fame, (hall be paid and fatisfied out of the next Aid or Aids to be granted in Parliament, after the faid T wenty fifth Day of March One thou (and eight hundred and fourteen.

L. And be it further enafted, That the Surplus of the Monies arifing from the Rates, Duties and Affeflinentft, granted and impofed by this Aft, after paying off and fatisfying all the Exchequer Bills jffued by virtue of this Aft, together with the Intereft that may become due thereon, and the Chaiges of exchanging and circulating the fame, (hall, as the Surplus of any foch Monies refpeftivelv (hall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund.

LI. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enafted by the Authority aforefaid. That the faid Coramiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or any Three or more of them now being, or the High Treafurer, or any Three or more of the Commiffioners of the Treafury for the time being, (hall have Power, and he or they are hereby enabled to pay and allow, or caufe to be paid and allowed out of the Monies to arife of or for the faid Rates and Duties hereby granted, or of or for the Confolidated Fund from time to time, tne neceffary Charges of making fbrth the itew Exchequer Bills hereby authorized to be made forth, and fuch other Charges as (hall be neceffarily incident, in or for the Execution of this Aft, or any Part thereof, in relation to the faid Bills 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

LI I. Provided always, and be it enafted by the Authority afore* (aid, That whatever Monies (hall be iffued out of the faid Confolidated Fund, (hall from time to time be replaced by and out of the Firft Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament; any thing herein contained to the contrary not with Handing.

LIII. Provided always, and be it enafted, That this Aft may be altered, varied or repealed by any Aft or Afts of this prefcnt Seffion of Parliament

CAP. XVI.

An Aft for railing the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thoufand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.	[22d	December	1812.]

“ TREASURY empowered to raife 10,500,0001. by Exchequer u Bills, in manner preferibed by 48 G.3.C. 1.—$ 1, 2. Treafury to “ apply the Money raifed; § 3. Principal of faid Bills charged cm “ firft-Supplies or next Seflion. § 4. Intereft thereon of 3id* per “ Cent, per Diem. § 5. Said Bills to be current at the Exchequer •* after April 5, 1814. § 6. Bank of England empowered to ad-fr vance 6,500,000!. on the Credit of this Aft, notwithftanding •* 5 & 6 W. & M. c, 20.—$7. Act may be altered* See. this Seflion. «' $8.

CAP.





A.D.i8i3-

530 GEO. III.

C. 17.

53

cap. xvn.

An Ad for puntfhing Mutiny and Defertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[23d March 1813.]

*	TTTHEREAS the raifing or keeping a Handing Army within 4 \X the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in time

*	of Peace, unlefs it be with the Confent of Parliament, is againft

*	Law : And whereas it is judged neceflary by His Majefty, and this 4 prefent Parliament, that a Body of Forces (hould be continued for

*	the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of the Pofleffions

*	of His Maiefty’s Crown, and that the whole Number of fuch 4 Forces (hould confift of Two hundred twenty feven thoufand four 4 hundred and forty two effeftive Officers and Men including His 4 Majefty’s Forces (erving in the Eaji Indies : And whereas no Man 4 can be forejudged of Life or Limb, or fubjetted in time of Peace 4 to any Kind of Punifhment within this Realm by Martial Law, or

*	in any other manner than by the Judgment of his Peers, and 4 according to the known and eftablifhed Laws of this Realm 5 yet

*	neverthelefs, it being requifite for the retaining all the before men-4 tioned Forces in their Duty, that an exaft Difcipline be obferved, 4 and that Soldiers who (hall mutiny or ftir up Sedition, or (hall 4 defert His Majefty’s Service, be brought to a more exemplary and 4 fpeedy Punifhment than the ufual Forms of the Law will allow ;* Be it therefore enafted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That if any Perfon who is or (hall be commiffioned or in Pay as an Officer, or who is or (hall be lifted or in Pay as a Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, (hall, at any time during the Continuance of this Aft, begin, excite, caufe or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in His Majefty’s Land or Marine Forces, or (hall not ufe his utmoft Endeavours to fupprefs the fame, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny, (hall not, without Delay, give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or (hall mifbehave himfelf before the Enemy ; or (hall (hamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrifon, Fortrels, Poft or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he (hall be commanded to defend ; or (haft compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrifon, Fortrefs or roft, to deliver up to the Enemy, or to abandon the fame 5 or (hall fpeak Words, or ufe any other means to induce fuch Governor or Commanding Officer, or others, to mifbehave before the E#emy 5 or (hamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrifon, Fortrefs, Poft or Guard committed to their refpeftive Charge, or which he or they (hall be commanded to defend; or (hall leave his Poft before relieved or (hall be found fleeging on his Poil; or (hall hold Qorrefpondence with, or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel or Eqemy of His Majefty* either by Letters, Meflhges, Signs or Tok^s, ia auy raajmer or way whatsoever ; or (hall treat or enter into any. Terms with fuch Rebel or Enemy, without His Majefty’s Licence*, or Licence o£ the General or Chief Commander; or' mall ftf&e or ufe any Violence agfunft. his. fuperior Officer, being im the Esequtioxi. o£ his. Office ; or (hall difobey any lawful Command* of

E 3	his

Number of Forces, aa7,44*»

Officer or Private Man, deferring, See.

found rteepiflg upon bis Pfeit, Icc.

(hiking or dif-obeying fuperior Officer;



54

Punift.ment.

Soldiers enlifting in other Regiments, See. deemed Deferters.

Deferters enlift-ing in other Regiments, Sc c. Punilhment.

Provifo for Men chimed.

Deferter tranfported;

returning, before Expiration of Term.

C. 17.	53°GfeO.IIL	A.D.1813.

his fuperior Officer 5 or (hall defert His Majefty’a Service 5 all and every Perfon and Perfons fo offending in any of the Matters before mentioned, whether fuch Offence (hall be committed within this Realm, or in any other of His Majefty’s Dominions,'or in Foreign Parts, upon Land, or upon the Sea, (hall fuffer Death, or fuch other Punifh-ment as by a Court Martial (hall be awarded

II. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and ena&ed, That no Non Commiffioncd Officer or Soldier who (hall defert His Majefty’s Service, (hall be exempt from the Pains and Penalties impofed by this Act for fuch Offence, by again enlifting into His Majefty** Service ; but any fuch Soldier (hall, not with (landing fuch fubfequent Enliftment, be deemed to have deferted His Majefty’s Service, and (hall in like manner fuffer Death, or fuch other Punilhment as by a Court Martial (hall be awarded.

4 III. And whereas Doubts have arifen, whether Soldiers, who of 4 Right belong to Corps from which they have deferted, may be * proceeded againft and tried for deferring any other Corps in which 4 they may afterwards have enlifted, or from His Majefty’s Service, if 4 they (hall not after fuch fubfequent enlifling have been placed in any 4 Corps, or for any Crime committed by them whild ferving therein ;* Be it ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid. That every fuch Soldier (hall be liable to be tried by a Court Martial, and puniftied in like manner as if he had originally enlifted in, and of Right belonged to the Regiment, Corps, Troop, Company, Detachment or Party, in which he (hall be at the time of any fubfequent Defertion, or com* mitting any Offence, notwithftanding it (hall have been difeovered or known that he had previoufly belonged to fome other Regiment, Corps, Troop or Company, Detachment or Party, and had not been difenarged therefrom: Provided always, that if luch Perfon (hall be claimed by fuch other Regiment, Corps, Troop or Company, Detachment or Party, and be proceeded againft as a Deferter therefrom, his fubfequent Defertion from any One or more Corps in which he may have unwarrantably enlifted, may (unlefs he (hall already have been tried for the fame) be given in Evidence as an Aggravation of his Crime ; previous Notice being always given to fuch Deferter of the Fait or Falls intended to be produced in Evidence upon his Trial.

IV. And be it further ena&ed and declared, That in cafe of any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, tried and convi&ed of Defertion, whenfoever the Court Martial which (hall pafs Sentence upon fuch Trial (hall not think the Offence deferving of Capital Punilhment, fuch Court Martial may, inftead of awarding a Corporal Puniftiment, adjudge the Offender according to the Nature of the Offence, if they (hall think fit, to be tranfported as a Felon for Life, or for a certain Term of Years: And if fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, having been adjudged to be tranfported as a Felon, (hall afterwards (without Leave from His Majefty, or from the Governor or Commanding Officer of the Place to which he (hall have been tranfported) return into or be found at large, without Leave as aforefaid, or other lawful Caufe, within any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,'ox in any of Hit Majefty’s Poffeffions Abroad, other than the Place to which he (hall have been tranfported, before the Expiration of the Term limited by fuch Sentence, and (hall be convi&ed thereof in the

ordinary

 CjOoq le

55

AIV.1813.	53” GEO. Ilf.	C.	17.

ordinary Courfe of Law, every fuch Perfon (hall be deemed and adjudged guilty of Felony, and fhall fuffer Death as a Felon, without Death.

Benefit of Clergy.

'V. Provided, and be it	enafted, That in	all cafes wherein	a	His Majefty,

Capital Punilhment (hall have been awarded by	a Court Martial,	it	where Courtt

{hall be lawful for His Majefty, inftead of cauling fuch Sentence to £a?lalpVard a be carried into Execution, to order the Offender to be tranfported as men^raay'order a Felon for Life, or for	a certain Term of Years, as to Ilis	offenders to be

Majefty (hall feem meet;	and if the Perfon	fo tranfported,	in	tranfported.

purfuance of fuch Order from His Majefty, fhall afterwards (without Leave from His Majefty, or from the Governor or Commanding Officer of the Place to which he fhall have been tranfported) return into or be found at large without Leave as aforefaid, or other lawful caufe, within any Part of Great Britain or Ireland, or in any of His Majefty’s PolTeflions Abroad, other than the Place to which he (hall have been tranfported, before the Expiration of the Term limited by fuch Order, and fhall be duly convi&ed thereof, he fhall fuffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for any Deferter len-General or General Regimental Court Martial to fentence any tenced to ierve as Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, convicted of Defertion by aSoldier in any fuch Court, to general Service as a Soldier, and that His Majefty or*>f*

may thereupon dire& that fuch Service fhall be in any Regiment or Regiments or Con>s, and in any Country, or Place or Places,

Abroad or otherwife, as he may think fit.

VII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That if any Non Deferter entitled

Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, fo convi&ed of Defertion, fhall for a limited appear to have enlifted for a limited Term of Years, it fhall be Tefm» f*ntcnf®d lawful for fuch Court to fentence any fuch Non Commiffioned	erve or e’

Officer or Soldier fo enlifted, to ferve for Life as a Soldier, or for

any Number of Years beyond the Period for which fuch Non Com-miffioned Officer or Soldier fhall have enlifted in the Regiment in which he fo enlifted, or generally in any Regiment or Corps which His Majefty fhall pleafe to direft ; and any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier may in any cafe, in addition to any Service, be further adjudged to forfeit all Benefit or Advantage as to Increafe of Pay, or as to Penfion or Difcharge, which might otherwife have accrued to fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier from the Length or Nature of his Service.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall be lawful for Mark to be af-any Court Martial, before which any Non Commiffioned Officer or on Body of Soldier (hall be tried and convi&ed of Defertion, to dire&, if it fhall Deferters.

fo think fit, in addition to any other Punifhment fuch Court may award for any fuch Defertion, that fuch Deferter be marked on the left Side, Two Inches below the Arm-pit, with the Letter (D.) fuch Letter not to be lefs than Half an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with fome Ink or Gunpowder, or other Preparation, fo as to be vifible and confpicuous, and not liable to be obliterated.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That whenever His Majefty (hall Sentence of intend any Sentence of a Court Martial of Tranfportation to be Tranfportation, carried into Execution, or fhall be gracioufly pleafed to extend his &c* notified by Mercy, upon Condition of Tranfportation, to any Offender liable to cSforAdV the Punifhment of Death by the Sentence of a Court Martial, fuch tant'c^neral to Sentence, together with His Majefty9s Pleafure upon the fame, fhall any Juftice of

E 4	be	K.B.fcc.wh»



5<S	C. 17.	53#GEO.IH«	A.D.1813

(hall make Order be notified in Writing by the Commander in Chief for the time being for Tranfport-	cf His Majefty’s Forces in Great Britain, or in the Ablence of the

attom as by^	Commander in Chief, then by the Adjutant Genera! for the time

c-V &V 2 being, t0 any Juftice of the King’s Bench, Common Pleas, or Baron of the Exchequer, of the Degree of the Coif; and thereupon fuch Juftice or Baron (hall make an Order for the Tranfportation of fuch Offender, upon the Terms and for the time which fhall be fpecified in fuch Notification, and fhall alfo make fuch other Order or Orders, and do all fuch other Adts confequent upon the fame, as any fuch Jullice or Baron is authorized to make or do by an Adt palled in the Twenty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled jin A& for the effectual Tranfportation of Felons and other Offenders ; and to authorise the Removal of Prifoners in certain Cafes; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned, with refpedl to Offenders in fuch A6t mentioned, tried at any Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery in England, as in the laid Adl mentioned ; and fuch Order and Orders fo to be made as aforefaid, and all fuch AdU as fhall be fo done as aforefaid, fhall be obeyed and done by fuch Pcrfon in whofe Cuftody fuch Offender fhall at that time be, and all other Perfons whom it may concern, and fhall be as effedtual and have all the fame Con-fequences as any Order made under the Authority of the faid Adfc, with refpedt to any Offender in the faid Adt mentioned; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor or Superintendant whom it may concern, and all Conflables and other Perfons, fhall be bound to obey the aforefaid Order and Orders, be affiftant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the fame Punifhment for Difotedience or interrupting the Execution of the fame, as they would be if the fame had been made under the Authority of the aforefaid Adt ; and every Perfon fo ordered to be tranfported as aforefaid, fhall be fubjedt refpedtively to all and every the Provifion and Provifions made by Daw, and now in force concerning Perfons convicted of any Crime and fenteiiced to be tranfported, or receiving His Majefty’s Pardon on Condition of Tranfportation.

Such Notifies- X. And be it further enadted, That the Juftice or Baron who tion, &c. filed by fhall make any fuch Order as aforefaid, under any fuch Notification Crown^ lhC	Majefty’s	Pleafure	as aforefaid, fhall direa the faid Notifica-

pee *	tion, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed in the Office

of the Clerk of the Crown of His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench, and to be there kept of Record 5 and the faid Clerk of the Crown fhall receive a Fee of Two Shillings and Six pence, and no more, for filing the fame.

Who (hall, on XI. And be it further enabled, That the faid Clerk of the Application, de- Crown of His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench fhall, upon the sftonvSfontC Application of any fuch Offender who fhall be ordered by His nVA Ion# Maiefty to be tranfported as aforefaid, or of any other Perfon applying on his Behalf, or on the Application of any Perfon on Behalt of His Majefty, deliver a Certificate in Writing under his Hand (not taking for the fame more than Two Shillings and Six pence! containing a a Account of the Chriftian Name ana Surname of fuen Offender* of his Offence, of the Place where the Court was held, before whom he was convidted, and of the Terms and Conditions on which Hjs Majefty’s Order for fuch Offender’3 Tranfportation was given; which Certificate fhall be fufficient Proof of the Cpnvi^ios and Sentence of foch Offender, anid alfo of the 'jCerms on which fuch

11	Order



A.D.1813*

53° GtO.IIL

C. 17.

57

Order for his Tranfportation was given, in any Court, and in any Proceeding wherein it may be neceffary to enquire into the fame.

XII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That, whenever Sente*H» of any Sentence of Trantportation pafled by anv Court Martial holden inTndi^&cTO-in the Eajt Indies, or in His Majefty’s Settlements of the Cape of tjfied by Officer Good Hope or Ceylon, or in any Settlement occupied by His commanding in Majefty's Forces beyond the Cape of Good Hope, is to be carried Chief to fome into Execution, or Mercy (hall be extended to any Offender liable to Jw<lge of Supreme the Punifhment of Death by the Sentence of any fuch Court Martial,	*hr

upon Condition of Tranfportation, the fame (hall be notified in Tranfportation Writing by the Officer commanding in Chief His Majefty's Forces as by 39 & in Indus, or in the Abfence of the Officer commanding in Chief, 4° C* 3*«• 79* then by the Adjutant General for the time being, to fome Judge of $

One of the Supreme Courts of Judicature of the Prefidencies of Fort WtlUam, Port Saint George or Bombay, or the Chief Juftice or other Judge at the Ifland of Ceylon or the Cape of Good Hope,	,

or any fuch other Settlement as aforefaid, and thereupon fuch Juage (hall make an Order for the Tranfportation of fuch Offender, upon the Terms and for the time which (hall be fpecified in fuch Notification, and (hall alfo make fuch other Order or Orders, and do all fuch other A&s confequent upon the fame, as any fuch Judge is authorized to make or do under an A& paffed in a Parliament holden in the ^Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His Majefty's Reign, intituled An A& for ejlabtifbing further Regulations for the Government of the Britifh Territories in India, and the better Adm{-nifration of Jjujlice within the fame, with refpe& to Offenders ordered to be tranfported by Sentence of the Criminal Courts in India, and the Governor and Council of fuch Prefidency refpe&ively ffiall and they are hereby required to take Order for the Tranfportation of all fucn Offenders accordingly.

XJlt. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Offender under Offiudenunder Sentence of Death by a Court Martial as aforefaid, /hall obtain His DwUiobtaining Majeffy’s conditional Pardon as aforefaid, all and every the Laws conditionil Par-now in force, touching the Efcape of Felons under Sentence of don, fubje&to Death, (hall apply to (ucb Offender, and to all Perfons aiding, Lanr* of Efcape, abetting or affifting in any Efcape, or intended Efcape of any lucn *c*

Offender, or contriving any fucn Efcape from the time when (uch Older (hall be made by fuch Juftice or Baron as aforefaid, and during

31 the feveral Proceedings which (hall be had for ^e furpofes brefaid.

XIV. And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, KinS That Majefty may. from time to time, grant a Commiffion, under the Royal Sign Manual, for the holding of General Courts	fcc.

Martial within the ynited Kingdom of Great Britain and Irelap£ 9 in like manner as has been heretofore ufed; and that Mis may like wife, from time to time, by his Royal Commiffion. empower the Chief Governor or Governors of that Part of t^e Kingdom of Great Britain and Iceland called Ireland the Goverqdr of Gibraltar, and the Governor of any of Mis Majeffy s Dominiot}^. beyond the Seas refpeajvely, or the^Perfon or Pprfoqs Ujerp * con^-manding in Chief Hjs M^jcffy’s forces for the time being, and may alio from time totune: extend His Royal ^arrant to the Comqjander of the Forces in that Part of the laid ^nited, Kingdon^' cajtygL Ireland, and to any (kqier^ oro^her Officer having the



Second Trial for fame Offence.

Ordinary Proceedings.

Perfont accufed of Capit al Crimes, delivered over to Civil Magiftrate, &c.

Perfons acquitted, &c. by Civil Magiftrate, cafliiered.

Officers and Soldiers impri-foned upon

C. 17.	53°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

a Body of His Majefty’s Forces within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in any of His Majcfty’s Dominions, or elfewhere beyond the Seas, or to the General or other Officer commanding fuch Body of Forces for the time being, empowering them refpe&ively to appoint General Courts Martial, as well as to authorize any Officer under their refpe&ivc Command, not below the Degree of a Field Officer, to convene General Courts Martial, as Occalion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of their Forces under their feveral Command, whether the fame (hall have been fo committed before or after fuch General Officer (hall have taken upon himfelf fuch Command ; all which Courts Martial (hall be conftituted, and (hall regulate their Proceedings according to the feveral Provifions hereinafter fpecified.

XV.	Provided always, and be it hereby declared and enabled. That no Officer or Soldier, being acquitted or convi&ed of any Offence, (hall be liable to be tried a Second time by the fame or any other Court Martial for the fame Offence, unlefs in the cafe of an Appeal from a Regimental to a General Court Martial; and that no Sentence given by any Court Martial, and figned by the Prefident thereof, (hall be liable to be revifed more than once.

XVI.	Provided always, That nothing in this A£ contained (hall extend or be conftrued to exempt any Officer or Soldier whatfoever from being proceeded againft by the ordinary Courfe of Law.

XVII.	Provided alfo, That if any Officer, Non Commiflioned Officer, or Soldier, (hall be accufed or any Capital Crime, or of any Violence or Offence againtt the Perfon, Ellate or Property of any of His Majefty’s Subje&s, which is puniihable by the known Laws of the Land, the Commanding Officer and Officers of every Regiment, Troop, Company or Party, is and are hereby required to ufe his and their utmoft Endeavours to deliver over fuch accufed Perfon to the Civil Magiftrate; and (hall alfo be aiding and affifting to the Officers of Juftice in the feizing and apprehending fuch Offender, ia order to bring him to Trial: And if any fuch Commanding Officer (hall wilfully negleA or refufe, upon Application made to him for that Purpofe, to deliver over any fuch accufed Perfon to the Civil Magiftrate, or to be aiding or affifting to the Officers of Juftice in apprehending fuch Offenders; every fuch Officer fo offending, and being thereof convifted, upon any Information or Indictment in any of Hi6 Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler, or in any of His Majefty’s Courts in Scotland or in Dublin, (hall be deemed and taken to be ipfo faBo caftiiered, and (hall be utterly difabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in His Majefty’s Service, and a Certificate thereof (hall be transmitted to the Judge Advocate in London, if (uch Convi&ion (hall be in Great Britain, or to the Judge Advocate in Dublin, if fuch Convi&ion (hall be in Ireland.

XVIII.	Provided alfo, That no Perfon or Perfons, being acquitted or convi&ed of any capital Crimes, Violences or Offences, by the Civil Magiftrate, (hall be liable to be punifhed by a Court Martial for the fame, otherwife than by calhiering.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed. That no Officer, Non Cora-miffioned Officer or Soldier who (hall be arrefted and committed to Prifon upon a Charge of any criminal Offence, (hall receive any

Part



59

A,D.i8i3*	S30	GEO. in.	C.	17.

Part of his Pay from the Day of fuch Commitment till the Day of Charge of his Return to the Regiment, Troop or Company to which he (hall Criminal Of-belong, provided that if he (hall be acquitted of the Offence for fence, to receive which he was committed, he (hall upon his Return to his Corps be ™^n^men"8 entitled to receive all Arrears of Pay which were growing due Arremin” hat during the time of his Confinement; but if he (hall be convicted he cafe on Return (hall forfeit all Right to any Pay from the Day of his Commitment to their Corps, during the time of his Confinement, as well under the original Convifted,to Commitment as under any Commitment confequent upon fuch Con- *.0,*e,t *lf vi&ion, and until the Day of his Return to the Regiment, Troop or	on	nc~

Company to which he (hall belong: Provided always, that it (hall be lawful for the Secretary at War for the time being, or if in Ireland the Chief Secretary, or in his Abfence the Under Secretary for the Military Department, to order the Iffue and Payment to any . fuch Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, during any fuch Commitment or Imprifonment, or either of them, or any Part thereof, of the Pay of any fuch Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier,, or of any Proportion of fuch Pay, or of any Arrears thereof, either during fuch Commitment or Imprifonment, or after the Difcharge of fuch Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, after Con-vi&ion or otherwise, as fhall appear to the Secretary at War, or if in Ireland to fuch Chief or Under Secretary as aforefaid, to be proper, and the Order of the Secretary at War, or fuch Chief or Under Secretary in Ireland as the cafe may require, for the Payment of fuch Pay or Arrears (hall be a fufficient Difcharge for fuch Payment.

XX.	And it is hereby further enafted and declared, That all General Court-General Courts Martial held under the Authority of this A& ^Jrtiai,JrNu?1* (hall confift of Thirteen or Nine Commiffioned Officers, as the cafe ber 0 em * may require 5 except the fame (hall be holden upon any Officer,

Non Commiffioned Officer or Private Soldier of His Majefty’s Forces, which (hall be ferving in any Place beyond the Seas out of His Maiefty’s Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies ; in which cafes any General Court Martial may confiff of any Number not lefs than Seven, and except the fame (hall be holden in Africa or in New South Wales % in which Places fuch General Courts Martial may confift of any Number not lefs than Five 5 of whom none (hall be under the Degree of a Commiffion Officer 5 nor (hall the Prefident of any General Court Martial be the Officer commanding in Chief, or Governor of the Garrifon where the Offender (hall be tried, nor under the Degree of a Field Officer, unlefs where a Field Officer cannot be had ; nor in any cafe whatsoever under the Degree of a Captain.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That nd General Court Martial for the Trial of any Officer (except the fame (hall be holden in any Place beyond the Seas out of Hi*

Majefty’s Dominions, and out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eafi Indies, or in Africa or New South Wales) (hall confift of lefs than Thirteen Members.	»

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That no Sentence of General Court Martial, confiding of any lefs Number than Thirteen Soldier to Loft Commiffioned Officers, unlefs holden in any Place beyond the ^e>

Seas



ft

Courts Martial inflicting Corporal Punifh-mem, See. for Immcralkies, lee.

May fentence Non Commif-fioned Officers or Soldiers to Im-

prtfonment in Houfe of Cor-

rection, lee.

Gaolers refufing to receive them.

Penalty.

Such Non Com* miflioned Officers and Soldiers to forfeit their Pay.

Allowance to GtolerSylcc.

C. 17.	53*	GEO. III.	A.D.*f 13.

Scat oat of His Majefty's Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of Emvfamd trading to Hie Eqfl Indus or in Africa or New Ssnib Weuss as aforefaid, (hall fentenoe any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier to Lofs of Life or Limb, or Trapfportation.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That it AaH be lawful for any fuch General Courts Marti a], or General Reginseoud Courts Martial, by their Sentence or Judgment to iafii& Imprifoe-ment or Corporal runiftiment, not extending to Life or Limb* as fuch Court (hall think fit, on any Soldier for Immoralities, Mif-behaiour or Negle& of Duty.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for any General or other Court Martial, to fentence any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier to Imprifonment in aoy Houfe of Corredion, Common Gaol or public Prifon, or in any other Place which fuch Court may deem fit and convenient for that Purpofe; sad all Gaolers and Keepers of fuch Houfes of Correction or Prifous (hall receive into their Cuftodv, and keep in Confinement for fuch time as they (hall be refpe&ively required fo to do, or until difeh^rged, any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier who may have been fentenced to Imprifonment by any General or other Court Martial, and (hall provide a proper Place for the Confinement of any fuch Nop Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, according to the Sentence of fpeh Court during the Period of his Imprifonment, upon receiving an Order, in Writing, from the Commanding Officer of the Diftri& within which fuch General Court Martial mall have been held, qr from the Commanding Officer of any Regiment or Corps to which fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier lo tried by any Regimental Court Martial as aforefaid (hall belong; and every fuch Gaoler or l£e?per of any fuch Houfe of Corre&ion (hail, upon receiving any Prefer, iu Wnting, from any fuch Commanding Officer as aforefaid, deliver any fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, to any Ferfoo, on producing fuch Order, although the Period for which he was opginaHy tent tp tuck Gao) or Houfe of Corre&ion (hall not have expired; and every Gaoler and Keeper of a Houfe of Com&fon or Prifon, who (hall refufe to receive and to confine any foch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier in manner as afore laid, (hall forfeit for every. &ch Offence th? Sum of One hundred Pounds to be recovered by A&ioo of Debt or Information for the Ufe of His Majefty.

XXV.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier fentenced to Imprifonment by any General or other Court Martial (hall forfeit all Right to any Pay from the Day of hjs Commitment during the time of fuch Imptfonmont; aod alfo, that during the Continuance of any Imprifonment in any Qaol pr Houfe of Corre&ion, the Gapler or Keeper of foch Prifon or Houfe of Corre&ion in Great Britain, and in Ireland the Infpe&or under whofe immediate. Lnfpe&ion foch Houfe of Corrt&ion, Gaol qr. Prifon, (hall be, (hall receive and apply ia the Maintenance of fuch Non CoimnififonedOfficer or Soldier the Sum of Nine pence per. Diem OUt of tfetSubfiAe^g^oC fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier during the time that fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier Audi continue in Ouffody, which {aid Sum. the Secretary at War ia Great Qrjtaiili and in lrdmi the, C^hiefc Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant* OU other. Chief Governor, or ia his Ab fence the Under Secretary for

the



the Military Department, is hereby authorized and required to caufe to be paid to the faid Gaoler or Keeper, or Infpedor refpe&ively at aforefhid, upon receiving an Application in Writing figned by any Juftice of the Peace for the County or Riding in which fuch Gaol, Prifon or Houfe of Corre&ion (hall be locally fituate, together with a Copy of the Order under which the (aid Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier was confined: Provided always, that it (hall be lawful for the Secretary at War, or for fuch Chief Secretaij as aforefaid, or in his Abfence for the Under Secretary for the Military Department for the tithe being, if he (hould think fit, to order the Iffue and Payment of any Arrears of Pay, or of the Surplus of fuch Pay, or any Portion thereof, or of any Arrears thereof, to or on Account of fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, during or after the Expiration of the Period of his Imprisonment.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded, That all General and other Courts Mhrtial (hall have Power and Authority, and are hereby required to adminifter an Oath to eVery Witnefs, in order to the Examination or Trial of any of the Offences that (hall come before them.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That in all Trials by General Courts Martial, to be held by virtue of this Adt, tfvery Member affifting at fuch Trial, before any Proceedings be bad thereupon, fhall take the fdUowing Oaths upon the Holy Evangelifts, before the Judge Advocate, or his Deputy (who are hereoy authorized to adminifter the fame) ; that is to fay,

*	we^	ant*	truty	try	an<^	determine,	according	to	your

*	* Evidence in the Matter now before you. So help you GOD.*

*	i\A+ B. do fwear, That I will duly adminifter Juftice, according * to'the Rules and Articles for the better Government of His Majefty’s Forces, and according to an Ad of Parliament now in

4 force for* the Punifbment of Mutiny and Defertion, and other 4. Crimes therein mentioned, without Partiality, Favour or Affedion 5 4 and if any Doubt1 fhall arife I Which is not explained by the faid 4 Articles or Ad of Parliament), according to my Confcience, the

*	beft of my Underftandmg, and the Ciiftom of War in the like cafes s 4 And I further fwear. That I will not divulge the Sentence of the 4 Court until it fhall be approved by His Majefty, or by fome Perfon 4 duly authorized by Him ; neither will I, upon any Account, at

*	any time whatfoever, difclofe or difeover the Vote or Opinion of

*	any particular Member of the Court Martial untefs required to

*	give Evidence thereof as a Witnefs, by a Court of Juftice, or a

*	Court‘Martial in a due Courfe of Law. So help me GOD.*

And f6 foon1 as the* fafd Oaths fhall have been adminiftered to the refpedive Membersi the Prefideht of the Court is hereby authorized and required to adiriiriifter to the Judge Advocate, or the Perfon officiating as fuch, an Oath in the following Words :

*	T'yf. B. do fwear, That I will not upon any Account, at any time

*	whatfoever, difdlofe or difeover the Vote or Opinion of any par-

*	ticular Member of the Court Martial, unlefs required to give Evi-4 dence thereof, as a Witnefs, by a Court of Juftice or a Court

*	Martial, in a-dtie Courfe of Law.	So help me GOD.*

And no SentChce of Death (hall be given againft any "Offender in fuch cafe by any General Court Martial unlete Nine Officers prefent

fhall

Provifo.

Courts Martial may «dminiiter Oath to Wit* neffas.

Officers (Worn.

Oaths by Mem. bers of General Court Martial.

Judge Advocate (Worn.

Oath.

In Sentencea if Death, what Number of Of-

 LnOOQle

62

C. 17-

53- GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

Seen dull concur, See.

Hours of Trial.

Witneflts attending Courts Martial privileged from Arreft.

Witnefle* not attending attached.

Proceedings in

(hall concur therein ; (except fucb General Court Martial (hall be holden in any Place beyond the Seas out of His Majefty’s Domitjions, )r out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, or in Africa, or in NemSomtb Wales, as aforefaid ;) and in all cafes where a Court Martial (hall confift of note Officers than Thirteen, and alfo in any Place beyond the Seas out of His MajeJLy’s Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Mer-chants of England trading to tne Eajl Indies, or in Africa aad in Nenss South Wales as aforefaid, when the fame (hall confift of a lefter Nmher of Officers, then fuch Judgment (hall pafs by the Concurrence of Two thirds at the lead of the Officers prefent; and no Proceeding or Trial (hall be had upon any Offence, hut between the Houri of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Three in the Afternoon, except in cafes which require an immediate Example: Provided alfo, that all Witneffes duly fumraoned by the Judge Advocate, or the Perfon officiating as fuch, (hall during their neceffary Attendance in fuch Courts, ana in going to and returning from the fame, be privileged from Arreft in like manner as Witneffes attending any of His Majefty’s Courts of Law are privileged ; and that if any luch Witnefs (hall be unduly arreiled, he (hall be difebarged from fuch Arreft by the Court out of which the Writ or Procefs iffued by which fuch Witnefs was arrefted ; or if the Court out of which the Writ or Procefs iffued be not fitting, then by any Judge of the Court of King’s Bench in London or in Dublin, or Court of Scffions in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the Wejl Indies, according as the cafe (hall require, upon its being made appear to fuch Court or Judge, by Affidavit in a fummary way, that fuch Witnefs was arrefted in going to or returning from, or attending upon fuch Court Martial ; and that all Witnefle* fo duly fummonea as aforefaid, who (hall not attend on fuch Courts, (hall be liable to be attached in the Court of King’s Bench in London or Dublin, or Court of Seffions in Scotlanel, or Courts of Law in the Wed Indies refpe&ively, upon Complaint made to the faid Courts of King’s Bench, or Court of Seffions in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the Wejl Indies, in like manner as if fuch Witnefs had negleded to attend on a Trial in any Criminal Proceeding in that Court.

XXVIII. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That in all

Martial other than General Courts Martial.

Trials by Courts Trials by any Courts Martial, other than General Courts Martial;

which (hall be held by virtue of this Ad, or of any Articles of War eftabliftied by His Majefty in purfuance thereof, every Member affifting at fuch Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, (hall take the following Oaths upon the Holy Evangelifts (which Oaths (hall and may be adminiftered by the Prefident of the Court to the other Members thereof, and to the Prefident by. any Member, having firft taken the faid Oaths) ; that is to fay,

Qtths taken by « TT OU (hall well and truly try and determine, according to your Cwt^MartUL * Evidence in the Matter now before you. So help you GOD.’

*	T A. B. do fwear, That I will duly adminifter Juftice, according

*	to the Rules and Articles for the better Government of His

*	Majefty’s Forces, and according to an Ad of Parliament now in

*	force for the Puniftiment of Mutiny and Defertion, and other Crimes

*	therein mentioned, without Partiality, Favour or Affedioo; and if

c any

 uooQle

*2

A.D.I&I3*	53	-GEO.	III.	C.	17.

*	any Doubt (hall arife, which is not explained by the faid Articles,

f or Aft of Parliament, according to my Confcience, the bed of my

*	Underftauding, and the Cudom of War in the like cafes.

So	help me GOD/

And the Prefident of every fuch Court Martial (not being under the Rank of a Captain) (hall be appointed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Detachment or Brigade, or the Governor or Commander of the Garrifon, Fort, Cadle or Barrack, direfting fuch Court

Martial.

•	XXIX. And whereas it may be expedient, in certain cafes, and

*	particularly in fuch Matters wherein any of His Majefty’s Marine

*	Forces may be intereded, that Officers of the Marine (hould be

*	aflociated with Officers of the Land Forces, for the Purpofe of 4 holding Courts Martial ;* Be it enafted and declared, That when and as often as it may be necedary, it (hall and may be lawful for Officers of the Land and Marine Forces to fit in Conjunftion upon Courts Martial, and to proceed in the Trial of any Officer or Soldier of the Land Forces in like manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if fuch Courts Martial were compofed of Officers of the Land Forces only ; and the Officers of the Land and Marine Forces are in fuch cafes to take Rank according to the Seniority of their Commiffions in either Service.

*	XXX. And whereas it may alfo be expedient that Officers of 4 His Majefty’s Land Forces, when employed in Conjunftion with 4 Officers in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of 4 England trading to the Eajl Indies, (hould in certain cafes be

*	afTociated for the Purpofe of holding Courts MartialBe it enafted and declared, That when and as often as there may be Occafion, it fhall and may be lawful for Officers of His Majefty’s Land Forces, and of the Forces in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, to fit in Conjuuftion at Courts Martial, and to proceed in the Trial of any Officer or Soldier, in like manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if fuch Courts Martial were compofed of Officers of His Majefty’s Land Forces, or of Officers in the Service of the faid United Company only; with this Diftinftion, that upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier of His Majefty’s Land Foices, regard (hall be had to the Regulations and Provifions made by or in purfuance of this Aft; and the Oaths adminiftered to the feveral Members of the Court Martial (hall be in the Terms by this Aft preferibed ; and upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier in the Service of the faid United Company, regard (hall be had to the Regulations and Provifions made by or in purfuance of an Aft pafied in the Twenty feventh Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, intituled An AS for punifhing Mutiny and Defer-tion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies ; and for the Puni/h-ment of Offences committed in the Eaft Indies, or at the IJland of Saint Helena 5 and the Oaths adminiftered to the feveral Members of the Court Martial (hall be in the Terms preferibed by the fame Aft.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enafted, That the Party tried by any General Court Martial within Europe (except in the Garrifon 01 Gibraltar), (hall be entitled to a Copy of the Sentence and Proceedings of fuch Court Martial, upon Demand thereof made by himfelf, or by any other Perfon or Perfons on his Behalf (he or they

paying

Appointment

PrdUear.

Officers of Land and Marine Force* fitting in Conjunction upon Courts Martial; Rank.

Officers of the King’s Forces and Officers in E. I. Company’s Service may lit, in Conjunction at Courts Martial, fcc.

ay G. a. c. 9.

Party entitled to a Copy of the Sentence and Proceedings of

Courts Martial.



I’i ceedimrs, See. of Coaru Martial tranTmiited to Judge Advo-caf e General, &c.

Stamp Duties.

His Majefty empowered to make Articles of War.

Copies of Articles of War trnnfmitted to Jiulget,&c.

Ills Majefty to c v nltitute and to uthoriae others to convene Courts Martial.

C. 17.	53°tJEO.ni.	•	A.D.1813.

paying reafonably for the fame), at any time not fooner than Three Months after ftich Sentence 5 and in cafe of Trials by any General Court Martial at Gibraltar, at any time not fooner than Six Months after the Sentence given by fuch Court Martial; and in the cafe of Trials by any General Court Martial in His Majefty’s other Dominions beyond the Seas, or in Foreign Parts, at any time not fooner than Twelve Months after tbe Sentence given by fuch Court Martial, whether fuch Sentences he approved or not 5 any thing in this Ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXII.	Provided alfo, and he it enaded by the Authority aforefaid. That every Judge Advocate, or Perfon officiating as fuch at any General Court Martial, do, and he is hereby required to tranfmit, with as much Expedition as the Opportunity of time and Diftancc of Place can admit, the original Proceedings and Sentence of fuch Court Martial to the Judge Advocate General in London, unlefs fuch Court Martial fhall have been appointed in Ireland, in which cafe they fhall be tranfmitted to the Judge Advocate General for that Part of the United Kingdom in Dublin ; and the faid original Proceedings and Sentences are to be carefully kept and preserved in their refpedive Offices, to the end that the Perfons entitled thereto may be enabled, upon Application to fuch Offices refpedively, to obtain Copies thereof, according to the true Intent ana Meaning of this Ad.

XXXIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded and declared. That none of the Proceedings of any General or Regimental Court Martial, nor any Entry or Copy thereof, fhall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatfoever ; any thing contained in any former Ad or Ads to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for His Majefty to form, make and eftablifh Articles of War, for the better Government of His Majefly’s Forces, which Articles fhall be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, and in all Courts whatfoever.

XXXV.	And, for the more effedual Notification thereof to the feveral Judges and Perfons hereinafter mentioned, be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid. That Copies of all fuch Articles of War, printed by the King’s Printer, fhall from time to time, as foon as conveniently may be after the fame fhall have been made and efta-blifhed by His Majefty, be tranfmitted by His Majefty’s Secretary at War for the time being, figned with nis own Hand and Name, to the Judges of His Majefty’s fuperior Courts at lVeJlminfter9 Dublin and Edinburgh refpedively, and alfo to the Governors of His Majefty’8 Colonies, Plantations and Territories abroad.

XXxVl. And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid. That, for bringing Offenders againil fuch Articles of War to Juftice, it fhall be lawful for His Majefty to ered and conftitute Courts Martial, as well as to grant His Royal Commiffions or Warrants, to the Perfons and in the manner hereinbefore mentioned and expreifed, for convening and authorifing others to convene Courts Martial, with Power to try, hear and determine any Crimes or Offences by fuch Articles of War, and to inflid Penalties by Sentence or Judgment of the fame, as well within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Treland, in Jerfey% Guemfey, Alderney, Sark or Man> and the Iflanda thereto belonging, as in His Majefty’s Garrifon of Gibraltar, and in

any



*5

A.D.i8i3-	53°GEO.IIL	C.J7.

any of His Majefty’s Dominions beyond the Seas, or elfewhere beyond the Seas.

XXXVII.	Provided always, That no Perfon (hall, by fuch None adjudged Articles of War, be fubje&ed to any Puniftunent extending to of L»fe or Limb Life or Limb, within the United Kingdom of Great Britain ^^efledtobB and Ireland, Jerfeyy Guernfey% Alderney, Sark or Man* or any of f0 putable, the Ifles thereto belonging, for any Crime which is not expreffed

to be fo puniftiable by this A61; nor for fuch Crimea as are expreffed to be fo punifhable, in any manner, or under any Regulations, which (hall not accord with the Provifions of this A61.

XXXVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena6ted, That if any Offendersbe-Officer or Soldier (hall, in any of His Majefty’s Dominions beyond v< nd Sea, &c. the Seas, or elfewhere beyond the Seas, commit any of the Offences tr*et* here>&c* for which he may be liable to be tried by Courts Martial by virtue

of this A£f, and (hall come or be brought into this Realm, or into Jerfcy* Guernfey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or the Iflatids thereto belonging, before he be tried by a Court/Martial for fuch Off. nee;	*

fuch Officer or Soldier (hall be tried and punilhed for the fame, as if the faid Offence had been committed within this Realm.

* XXXIX. And whereas it is of effential Importance, as well to

*	the due Obfervance of public Economy, as to the Difcipline of His

*	Majefty’s Forces, that they (hould be regularly muflered, and that 1 the Mutters (hould be taken with the drifted Accuracy and Exaft-

*	nefs;* Be it enafted by the Authority aforefaid. That Mullers (hall MuftenTwice a be made, had or taken, of every Regiment, Troop or Company, Ycar*

in His Majefty’s Service, Twice at the lead in every Year, at fuch times as (hall be appointed.

XL. And be it further enafted, That no Commiffary (hall mufter No Mufter in any Regiment, Troop or Company, within the City of IVeJlminJler, Weft min (ter, See. and Borough of Southwark, and Liberties thereof, but in the rre- ,n Pref«nce fence of Two or more Juftices of the Peace, not being Officers of the ju,^^0rm°rtt Army, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, and of being difeharged penaify. from his Office, unlefs fuch Juftices upon Forty eight Hours' Notice being given to Six of His Majefty's Juftices of ihe Peace refiding within the City and Liberties aforefaid refpeftively, (hall negleft to attend fuch Mufter; and in cafe of fuch Negleft, fuch Commiffary may proceed to mufter fuch Regiment, Troop or Company; provided that Oath be made before any of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace within Forty eight Hours after fuch Mufter taken, that fuch Notice was given to Six Juftices of the Peace as aforefaid, which Juftices fo attending are hereby empowered to fign the faid Mufter Rolls, and to take Cognizance of fuch Mufter, and to examine the Truth thereof before they fign the fame.

XLI. And, fy preventing of Fraud and Deceit in the muttering Givingfrlfe of Soldiers, be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid, That if Certificate* to any Perfon do.make or give, or procure to be made or given, any ixcuft^°«^leri falfe or untrue Certificate, whereby to excufe any Soldier for his 0111 crfc Abfence from any Mufter, pr any other Service which he ought to attend or perform, upon Pretence of being employed on fome other Duty of the Regiment, or of Sicknefs, being in Prifon, or on Furlough; then every fuch Perfon, fo making, giving or procuring penajtT> fuch Certificate, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and (hall be forthwith cafhiered and difplaced from hit Office, and (hall be thereby utterly difabled to have or hold any 53 Geo. III.	F	Military





66

Officers making fa Me Muften, frc.

PunMhment.

Officers muttering Perfons by wrong Names. Penalty.

Peifons ottering themfelves to be falfely muttered.

*Puni(hment.

Horfe* falfely muttered.

Penalty. How levied.

Imprisonment.

C. 17.	53*GEO.III.	A.D.1813.

Military Office*”or Employment within this Realm, or in His Ma-jefty’s Service; and no Certificate (hall exrufe the abfence of any Soldier but for the Reafons above mentioned or one of them.

XLII. And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That every Officer that (hall make any falfe or untrue Mufter of Man or Horfe, and every Commiffary, Mufter Mafter or other Officer, who (hall wittingly or willingly allow or fign the Mufter Roll, wherein fuch falfe Mufter is contained, or any Duplicate thereof; and alfo every Commiffary, Mufter Mafter or other Officer, who (hall dire&ly or indirectly take, or caufe to be taken, any Sum or Sums of Money, or any other Gratuity, on or for the muttering any Regiment, Troop or Company, or on or for the figning of any Mufter Rolls, or any Duplicate thereof, upon Proof thereof upon Oath made by Two WitnefTes before a General Court Martial, to be thereupon called (which is hereby authorized and required to adminifter fuch Oath), mall, for fuch Offence, be forthwith cafhiered and difplaced from fuch his Office, and (hall be thereby utterly difabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in His Majefty*s Service.

XL1II. And it is enacted, That if any Officer or Commiflary (hall mufter any Perfon by a wrong Name knowingly, upon Conviction thereof, before a General Court Martial, the faid Officer or Commiffary (hall fuffer fuch Penalties, and in fuch manner as is directed and inflicted by this Aft upon thofe who (hall make falfe Mutters.

XLIV. And be it further ena&cd by the Authority aforefaid. That if any Perfon (hall be falfely muftered, or offer himfelf falfely or deceitfully to be muftered, upon Proof thereof made upon Oath by Two Witneffes, before any Juftice of the Peace for the County refiding near the Place where fuch Mufter (hall be made, and upon Certificate thereof in Writing, under the Hand of the Commiffary of the Mufters, or Mufter Matters as aforefaid, made to fuch Juftice of the Peace, the faid Juftice is hereby authorized and required to commit fuch Offender to the Houfe of Correction, there to remain for the Space of Ten Days: And if any Perfon (hall wittingly or willingly fend or furnifh any Horfe to te muftered, whicli (hall not truly belong to the Trooper or Troop fo muftered, the faid Horfe fo falfely muftered (hall be forfeited to the Informer, if the fame doth belong to the Perfon lending or fumiftring the faid Horfe 5 or other-wife the Perfon lending or fumifhing the faid Horfe (hall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, upon Oath made by Two Witneffes, before fome Juftice of the Peace refiding near to the Place where fuch Mufter (hall be made 5 which Twenty Pounds (hall be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the faid Juftice, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon fo offending, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner: And in cafe fuch Offender (hall not have fufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Diftrefs may be made, to the Value of the Penalty to be recovered againft him, or (hall not pay fuch Penalty within Four Days after fuch Convi&ion 5 then, and in fuch cafe, fuch Juftice of the Peace (hall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, either commit fuch Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprizc for the Space of Three Mouths, or caufe fuch Offender

12	to

 LjOOQle

A.D. 1813.	53#	GEO, III.	0.17*	67

to be public]/ whipped, at the Difcretion of fuch Juftice; and the Soldiers giving faid Forfeiture (hall be given or paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons	of

that (hall give Information thereof; and the faid Informer or In- to'ihf-formers, if belonging to the Service, (hall have a Right to be dif- charge, charged forthwith, if he or they (hall demand the fame.

XLV. And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That Mufter Rolls in Great Britain the Deputy or Deputies of the Commiffary General Ten Miles (hall, upon every Half-yearly Mufter taken by him or them refpec- diftantfrom tively of any Regiment, Troop or Company, in His Majefty’s Ser- ^Vnedto vice at any Place Ten Miles diftant from London, clofe the Mufter Commiffary Rolls of the faid Regiment, Troop or Company, within Twenty General of four Hours after fuch Mufter (hall have been made; and (hall return Mufters,$«. the Rolls fo taken by the Poll or other fafe Conveyance, within Seven Days after their being clofed, to the Office of the CommilTary General of Mullers, who (hall, and he is hereby direded and required to tranfmit One fet of every of the faid Rolls to the Secretary at War, One to the Pavmafter General of His Majefty’s Land Forces, and One to the Comptroller of the Accounts of the Army, on or before the Firft Day of Mayy and Twenty ninth Day of September, refpe&ively following fuch Half-yearly Mufter: And no Alterations or Indorfements (hall be made in or upon the faid Mufter Rolls, other than in the cafe of Orders of Leave or Dates of Commiffions, and other than involuntary Errors or literal Mi (lakes in writing or tranf-cribing the faid Mufter Rolls, upon Pain of forfeiting their refpedive Penalty. Employments, and the Sum of Twenty Pounds to any Perfon that will fue for the fame, for every fuch Offence.

4 XLVI. And whereas, by the Petition of Rights in the Third Petition of 4 Year of King Charles the Firft, it is enaded and declared, that the Right, 3 Cer. I.

4 People of the Land are not by the Laws to be burthened with 4 the fojourning of Soldiers againft their Wills; and by a Claufe in 4 an Ad of the Britijh Parliament, made in the One and thirtieth 31 Car. a. c. 1.

4 Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for granting a 4 Supply to His Majefty of Two hundred and fix thoufand four 4 hundred fixty two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three pence,

4 for paying and difbanding the Forces, it is declared and enaded,	§ 54»

4 that no Officer, Civil or Military, nor other Perfon whatfoever,

4 (hould from thenceforth prefume to place, quarter or billet, any 4 Soldier or Soldiers upon any Subjed or Inhabitant of this Realm,

4 of any Degree, Quality or Profeffion whatfoever, without his 4 Confent; and that it (hall and may be lawful for any Subjed,

4 Sojourner or Inhabitant, to refufe to quarter any Soldier or Sol-4 diers, notwithftanding any Demand or Warrant or Billeting what-4 foeverBut forafmuch as at this time, and during the Continuance of this Ad, there is and may be Occafion for the marching and quartering of Regiments, Troops and Companies, in feveral Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; Be it further Conftables,&c. enaded by the Authority aforefaid, That, for and during the Conti- in England to nuance of this Ad, and no longer, it (hall and may be lawful to and quarter Officers for the Conftables, Tithingmen, Headboroughs and other Chief ^Meiunlnns, Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns and Villages and other ^ ou e*’ * Places within England, IVales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy and in their Default or Abfence, for any One Juftice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any fuch City, Town, Village or Place, and for no others; and fuch Conftables, and other Chief Magiftrates as aforefaid*

Fa	are

 C^ooQle

■	C.iy.	530	GEO.	III.	A.D.i8i3*

are hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers in His Majefty’s Service, and Perfons receiving Pay in His Majefty’a Army, in Inns, Livery Stables, Alehoufes, Victualling Houfes, and the Houfes of Sellers of Wine by Retail, whether Brittjh or Foreign, to be drank in their own Houfes or Places thereunto belonging ; other than and except Canteens held and occupied under the Authority of the Commiffioners for the Affairs of Barracks, and other than and except Perfons who keep Taverns only, being Freemen of the Company of Vintners of the City of London. who were admitted to the Freedom before the Fifth Day of July One thoufand feven hundred and fifty feven, or who fince have or (hall hereafter be admitted to their Freedom of the faid Company in Right of Patrimony or Apprenticefhip, notwithftanding fuch Perfons who keep Taverns but in noDiftil- only have taken out Victualling Licences; and all Houfes of Perfons Jen or Shop- felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder or Metheglin, by Retail, to be ****** ou. **J drank in Houfes, other than and except the Houfe or Houfes of any Houle* ^fl Diftillers, who keep Houfes or Places for diftilling Brandy and Strong Waters, ana the Houfe of any Shopkeeper whofe principal Dealings fhall be more in other Goods and Merchandizes than in Brandy and Strong Waters (fo as fuch Diilillers and Shopkeepers do not permit or fuffer Tippling in his or their Houfes), and in no other, and in no private Houfes whatfoever; nor fhall any more Billets at any time be ordered than there are effective Soldiers prefent to be quartered ; all which Billets when made out by fuch Chief Magiftrates or Conftables, fhall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Penalty.	Officer	prefent	: And if any Conflable, Tithingman or fuch like

Officer or Magiftrate, as aforefaid, fhall prefume to quarter or billet any fuch Officer or Soldier in any fuch private Houfe, without the Confent of the Owner or Occupier, in fuch cafe fuch Owner or Occupier fhall have his or their Remedy at Law againft fuch Magiftrate or Officer, for the Damage that fuch Owner or Occupier Penalty.	fhall	fuftain thereby: And if any Military Officer fhall take upon

him to quarter Soldiers otherwife than is limited and allowed by this ACt, or mall ufe or offer any Menace or Compulfion to or upon any Mayors, Conftables or other Civil Officers before mentioned, tending to deter and difcourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed, fuch Military Officer fhall for every fuch Offence (being thereof convicted before any Two or more of the Juftices ot the Peace of the County, by the Oath of Two credible Witneffes) be deemed and taken to be ipfo faSo cafhiered, and fhall be utterly difabled to have or hold any Military Employment within this Kingdom, or in His Majefty’s Service; provided the faid Conviction be affirmed at the next Quarter Seffions of the Peace of the faid County, and a Certificate thereof be tranf-mitted to the Judge Advocate in London, who is hereby obliged to certify the fame to the Commander in Chief and Secretary at War : Perfonsaggrieved And in cafe any Perfon fhall find himfelf aggrieved, in that fuch Con-may complain to liable, Tithingman or Headborough, Chief Officer or Magiftrate luftice and be	(fuch Chief Officer or Magiftrate not being a Juftice of the Peace),

has quartered or billetted in his Houfe a greater Number of Soldiers than he ought to bear in Proportion to his Neighbours, and fhall complain thereof to One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace of the Divifion, City or Liberty, where fuch Soldiers are quartered; or in cafe fuch Chief Officer or Magiftrate fhall be a Juftice of the Peace,

then.



69

A.D.i8i3*	53° GEO. III.	C.17.

then, on Complaint made to Two or more Juftices of the Peace of fuch Divifion, City or Liberty, fuch Juftices refpedively (hall have, and have hereby Power to relieve fuch Perfon, by ordering fuch and fo many of the Soldiers to be removed and quartered upon fuch other Perfon or Perfons as they (hall fee Caufe 5 and fuch other Perfon or Perfons (hall be obliged to receive fuch Soldiers accordingly.

c XLVII. And whereas by an Ad paffed in Ireland in the Sixth 6 Ann.(l.) c.14 4 Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An A8 to prevent the § 8.

4 D if orders that may happen by the marching of Soldiers and providing 4 Carriages for the Baggage of Soldiers on their March, it was, amongft 4 other things, enaded and declared, that no Officer, Soldier or 4 Trooper in the Army, nor the Servant of any Officer, nor any 4 Attendant on the Train of Artillery, nor any Yeoman of the Guard 4 of Battle Axes, nor any Officer commanding the faid Yeoman, nor 4 any Servant of any fuch Officer, (hould at any time thereafter have,

4 receive or be allowed any Quarters in any Part of Ireland, fave ouly 4 during fuch time as he or tfiey (hould be and remain in fome Sea Port 4 Town in order to be tranfported, or during fuch time as there 4 (hould be any Commotion in any Part of Ireland, by reafon of which 4 Emergency the Army, or any coniiderable Part thereof, (hould be 4 commanded to march from any Part of Ireland to another, or 4 during fuch time or times as he or they (hould be on their March 4 as aforefaid: And whereas the Barracks of Ireland are not at 4 prefent fufficient to lodge all the Forces upon its Military Eftabliffi-* ment: And whereas it may be neceflary to ftation Part of the 4 Troops in Places where there are not Barracks, or not fufficient 4 Barracks to hold themBe it enaded, and it is hereby declared Regulation* for and agreed by the Authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be law- Quartering Sol. ful, notwithftanding the faid recited Ad, to and for the Conftables dier* in Ireland, and other Chief Officers and Magiftrates of Cities, Towns, Villages and other Places in Ireland, and in their Default or Abfence for any one Juftice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any fuch City, Town,

Village or Place, and for no others; and fuch Conftables and other Chief Magiftrates as .aforefaid, or in their Default, fuch Juftice of Peace as aforefaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers in His Majefty’s Service in Inns, Livery Stables,

Ale Houfes and the Houfes of Sellers of Wine by Retail, to be drank in their own Houfes or Places thereunto belonging, and all Houfes of Perfons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder or Me-theglin, by Retail; and where there (hall not be found fufficient Billctting. Room in luch Houfes, then in fuch manner as has been heretofore cuftomary, taking care not to billet iefs than Two Men in any One Houfe, except only in the cafe of billetting Horfc or Dragoons in manner hereinafter mentioned; nor (hall any Billets at any time be ordered for more than the Number of effedive Soldiers prefent to be quartered ; all which Billets, when made out by fuch Chief Ma«

C*n ates or Conftables, or Juftice of the Peace, as the cafe may be, be delivered into the Hands of the Staff Officer employed, or of the Commanding Officer prefent; and if any Conftable or fuch Chief Officer or Magiftrate as aforefaid, (hall prefume to quarter or billet any fuch Officer or Soldier in any Houfe not within the Meaning of this Ad, without the Confent of the Owner or Occupier thereof, then fuch Owner or Occupier (hall have bis or their Remedy at Law Remedy, againft fuch Magiftrate or Officer for the Damage that fuch Owner

F 3	or



7*

Officer menacing Conftable,&c.

Punllhment.

Convi&ion affirmed at Quarter Sefiiom.

Juftices, Jurif-di&ion of*

Soldiers not bil-)etred above One Mile from Places mentioned in Route.

Licences for keeping Canteens.

C. 17.	53"	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

or Occupier (hall fuftain thereby, and fuch Conftable, Chief Officer or Magiftrate, being duly convi&ed of fuch Offence by Indi&ment* (hall be imprifoned for the Space of One Calendar Month ; and if any Military Officer fhall take upon him to quarter Soldiers other-wife than is limited and allowed by this A£l, or fhall ufe or offer any Menace or Compulfion to or upon any Mayor, Conftable or other Chief Officer before mentioned, tending to deter or difeourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed, or to induce any of them to do anything contrary to their faid Duty, fuch Military Officer fhall, for every fuch Offence, being thereof convicted before any Two or more Juftices of the Peace of the County, by the Oath of Two credible Witnefft s, be deemed and taken to be if/o fado cafhiered, and fhall be utterly difabled to have or hold any Military Employment whatfoever: Provided the faid Convidion be affirmed at the next Affixes or Quarter Scffions of the Peace for the faid County, or County of a City or Town, and a Certificate thereof tranfmitted to the Judge Advocate, who is hereby required and direded to certify the fame to the next Court Martial ; and in cafe any Perfon fhall find himfelf aggrieved in that fuch Conftable, Chief Officer or Magiftrate not bring a Juft ice of the Peace* has quartered orbilletted in his Houfe a greater Number of Soldiers than he ought to bear in Proportion to his Neighbours, and fhall complain thereof to One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace of the Divifion, City or Liberty, where fuch Soldiers are quartered, or in cafe fuch Chief Officer or Magiftrate fnall be a Jufticcofthe Peace* then on Complaint made to Two or more Juftices of the Peace of fuch Divifion, City or Liberty, fuch Juftice or Juftices tefpcdively fhall have, and have hereby Power to relieve fuch Perfons by ordering fuch and fo many of the Soldiers to be rervu ved and quartered upon fuch other Perion or Perfons as he or they fhall fee caufe, and fuch other Perfon or Perfons fhall be obliged to receive fuch Soldiers accordingly.

4 XLVIII. And as very great Detriment and Inconvenience arife 4 to the Service, from the difperfing and billetting of Soldiers when 4 on a March at a great Diftance from the Place or Places where they 4 are meant to be quartered, ard contrary to the true Intent and * Meaning of the faid lalt recited Att, and by reafon of which they 4 are placed wide of their intended Route lor the next Day’s March ;* Be it therefore enadled by the Authority aforefaid, That at no time when Troops are on a March (hall any of them be bdletttd above One Mile from the Place or Places mentioned in the Route.

XLIX And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for any Two Juftices of the Peace, or any Two Magiftratcs, within their re-fpe&ive Jurifdi&ions, to grant or transfer any Licence for felling Ale by Retail, or Cyder or Perry, to be drank or coufumed in any Houfe or Houfes, or Premifes, where more Houles or Premiles than one fhall be held together by the fame Peril n or Perfons as a Canteen* or any Licence to fell Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, or Wine or Liquor by Retail, to any Perion or Perfons applying for the fame, who fhall hold any Canteen under any Leafe thereof, or any Agreement or other Authority from any Two of the Principal Officers of the Board of Ordnance, or from any Two of the Com-miflioners for the Affairs of Barracks, without regard to the time of Year, or any Notices or Certificates fpecified or required in rela-





7i

A.D.1813.	53°	GEO.	III.	C.	17.

tion to the applying for or granting any fuch Licences 5 any thing in	*

any Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding :

And it (hall alfo be lawful for His Majeftv’s Commiflioners of Excife in England, Ireland and Scotland v. fpedively, or any Perfon appointed or emnloyed by the faid Commiflioners in England or Ireland refpedively in that Behalf, or for any Colledors or Super-vifors of Excife within their refpedive Diftrids, and they are hereby required to grant Licences for felling Beer or Ale by Retail, or Cyder or Perry,-to be drank or confumed in the Houfes or Premifes, occupied as a Canteen, of the Perfon or Perfons applying for fuch Licence, or any Licence to fell Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, or Wine or Liquors by Recail, to any fuch Perfon or Perfons who fhall hold any fuch Canteen under any fuch Licence or Transfer of any f ich Licence of any Juftice or Migiftrate as aforefaid ; and it (lull alfo be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons holding any fuch Canteen under any fuch Leafe, Agreement or Authority as aforefaid, and having fuch Licences as aforefaid to keep fuch Canteen, and to utter ar.d fell therein, and in the Premifes thereto belonging, and not elfewhere, Viduals and all fuch Excifeable Liquors as he and they flnll be keen fed and empowered to fell under the Authority and Permiflion of any fuch Excife Licence as aforefaid, without being fubje&Vto any Penalty or' Forfeiture ; any thing in any Adi or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

L. And be it further enaded, That it (halt be lawful for the Lord Lord Lieutt-Lieutenant or other Chief Governor for the time being of Ireland, to njnt 10 »rp°int 1 depute by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, fome proper Perfon to fign Routes for the marching of any of His Majefly’s Forces in Ireland in the Name of fuch Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

LI. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That no Juftice or No Juftre hav-Juilices of the Peace having or executing any Military Office or Com- log any Military miflion in that Part of Great Britain called England or Ireland, fhall and may, during the Continuance of this Act, diredly or indiredly c^ed inVilUfc-be concerned in the quartering, billetting or appointing any Quarters for any Soldier or Soldiers in the Regiment, Troop or Company under the immediate Command or Commands of fuch Juftice or Juftices, according to the Difpofition made for quartering of any Soldier or Soldiers by virtue of this Ad ; but that all Warrants,

ACts, Matters or Things, executed or appointed by fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, for or concerning the fame, fhall be void ; any thing in this Ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LI I. And be it further enaded and declared by the Authority High ConftaUet, aforefaid, That whenever any Order fhall lflue for the quartering &c. may iflue or billetting the Officers or Soldiers of His Majefty’s Regiments of Precept* for Foot Guards, within the City and Liberties of Wejlminflcry and ^et^,n5 Places adjacent, lying in the County of Middlcfcsc, and in the County	*	*

of Surry, and in the Borough of Southwark in the faid County of *

Surryt the High Conftable fhall deliver out Precepts to the feveral Petty Conftables, Headboroughs or Tithingmen, of each Parifh,

Ward, Hamlet and Diftrid, within their refpedive Diviflons, to billet and quarter fuch Officers and Soldiers of His Majefty’s Regiments of Foot Guards on fuch Houfes only as by this A6t is limited within their refpedive Parifhes, Hamlets or Diftrids ; and fuch Petty Conftables, Headboroughs and Tithingmen, fhall, in purfuance thereof, billet and quarter every fuch Officer and Soldier

F 4	in





72

ConftaMtt,&c. in Wetlm sifter, &c. to deliver Lifts at Quarter Sef-(ions on Oath, of Houfes fubjeft to receive Soldiers, &c.

infpe&ed without Fee.

Copies of Lifts wrote by Clerk at 2d. per Sheet.

Penalty.

Giving defe&ive Lifts.

Penalty.

How levied.

C. 17.	53°GEO.III.	A.D.i8i3*

in fuch Houfes fo fubjefted thereto by this Aft equally and pro-portionably according to the Number of fuch Officers and Soldier* fo to be billetted and quartered, and of the Houfes fo fubjefted to receive them ; and fuch Officers and Soldiers of the Foot Guards (hall be quartered within the faid City and Liberties of Wejlminjler, and the Places adjacent, lying in the faid County of Middle/ex (except the City of London), and in the faid County of Surry t and in the faid Borough of Southwark in the faid County of Surry, in the fame manner, and under the fame Regulations, as in other Parts of England, in all cafes for which particular Provifion is not made by this Aft.

LIII. And, for the better preventing Abufes in billetting and quartering fuch Officers and Soldiers in the faid Citv and Liberties of Wejlminjler^ and Parts adjacent, lying in the faid County of Middle/ex, and in the faid County of Surry, and in the faid Borough of Southwark in the faid County of Surry, be it ertafted by the Authoriy aforefaid, That the Petty Conftables, Headboroughs and Tithingmen of their refpeftive Parifties, Wards, Hamlets and Diilrifts, within the fame, {hall, at every General Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be hoi den for the faid City and Liberties of Wejlminjler, in the faid County of Middlejex and the faid County of Surry, and the faid Borough of Southwark in the faid County of Surry, refpeftively, make and deliver to the Juftices then in open Seffions affembled, upon Oath ( which Oath they the faid Juftices are hereby authorized and required to adminifter), true Lifts figned by them refpeftively, of all fuch Houfes, together with the Number of all fuch Perfons refpeftively inhabiting the fame, within his or their Parifh, Ward, Hamlet or Diftrift refpeftively, as are fubjeft and liable by this Aft to receive fuch Onicers and Soldiers, together with the Names and Rank of all fuch Officers and Soldiers as are quartered and billetted in each Houfe refpeftively; and fuch Lifts (hall remain with the Clerks of the Peace of the (aid City and Liberties of Wejlminjler, the faid County of Middlejex, the faid County of Surry% and the faid Borough of Southwark in the faid County of Surry refpeftively, to the Intent that all and every Perfon and Perfons may be at Liberty to infpeft the fame without any Fee or Reward ; and fuch Clerk (hall forthwith from time to time make and deliver to every or any Perfon or Perfons who (hall require the fame, true Copies of all and every or any fuch Lifts, upon being paid Two pence a Sheet for each and every fuch Copy fo taken, each Sheet to be com. puted at and contain One hundred and fifty Words : And if Default or Negieft (hall be made by any Petty Conftable, Headborough or Tithingman, of any fuch Parifh, Ward, Hamlet or Diftrift, in the delivering fuch Lifts to the Juftices at their Quarter Seffions a9 aforefaid; or if he or they (hall fo deliver, or caufe to be delivered in, any falfe or defeftive Lift, not including and fpecifying therein all and every fuch Houfe and Houfes fo liable by this Aft to receive fuch Officers and Soldiers, or the Names and Rank of all fuch Officers and Soldiers as are quartered and billetted in each Houfe refpeftively ; fuch Petty Conftable, Headborough and Tithingman, or any of them fo offending therein, (hall for each fuch Offence forfeit each the Sum of Five Pounds,* to the Ufe of the Poor of fuch refpeftive Parifhes, Wards, Hamlets and Diftrifts; to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under

the





73

A.D.i8i3*	53	GEO.	III.	C.	17.

the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of One or more of His Majefty’s Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the faid City and Liberties of 1Veftmin/iery for the faid County of Middlefexy and for the faid County of Surry, and for the faid Borough of Southwark in the faid County of Surry refpe&ively (which Warrant or Warrants the faid Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby empowered and required to make and iffue) ; and for W<mt of fumcient Diftrefs to be found for that Purpofe, the faid Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby empowered and required, by Warrant or Warrants, under his or their Hands and Seals, to commit the Perfon or Perfons fo offending to the Common Gaol of the faid City of Wejlminjler, the faid County of Middlefexy the faid County of Surry, or the faid Borough of South-•work in the faid County of Surry, there to remain for any time to be limited by fuch Juftice or Juftices, not exceeding Three Months nor lefs than One Month, without Bail or Mainprize.

LIV. And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid. That the Officers, Men and Horfes, belonging to His Majefty’s Horfe or Dragoons, and alfo all Bat and Baggage Horfes belonging to any of His Majefty’s other Forces, and alfo the Horfes belonging to Staff and Field Officers in His Majefty’s Forces when upon a&ual Service, not exceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is or fhall be allowed by His Majefty’s Regulations, (hall and may be quartered and billetted in the Inns, Livery Stables, Alehoufes, Victualling Houfes and other Houfes in which Officers and Soldiers are by this A6t allowed to be quartered and billetted, and that they fhall be received and furnifhed by the Owners or Occupiers of fuch Inns, Livery Stables, Alehoufes, Victualling Houfes and other Houfes in which they are fo allowed to be quartered and billetteed with Diet and Small Beer, and with Stables, and Hay and Straw for fuch Horfes, paying and allowing for the fame the feveral Rates hereinafter mentioned, to be payable out of the Subfiftcnce Money for Diet and fmall Beer, and Hay and Straw for fuch Horfes.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enaCted by the Authority aforefaid, That when any of His Majefty’s Horfe or Dragoons, or any other Horfes as aforefaid, fhall be quartered or billetted upon the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any Alehoufe, Victualling Houfe or other Houfe in which Officers or Soldiers may be quartered by virtue of this ACt, who have no Stables; then and in fuch cafe, and upon Complaint made by the Perfon or Perfons having no Stables, to Two or more Juftices of the Peace of the Divifion, City or Liberty, where fuch Horfe or Dragoons, or other Horfes fhall be fo quartered and billetted, and upon his or their making fuch Allowance in lieu of his or their quartering fuch Horfe or Dragoons or other Horfes, as fuch Juftices fhall think reafonable, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch Juftices to order the Men and their Horfes or fuch Horfes only as the cafe may be, to be removed and quartered upon fome other Perfon or Perfons who by this ACfc are liable to have Officers and Soldiers quartered and billetted upon them who have Stables, and to order and fettle a proper Allowance to be made by the Perfon or Perfons having no Stables, in lieu of his or their quartering fuch Horfe or Dragoons, or other Horfes, fo to be removed as aforefaid 5 and alfo to order and direCt that fuch Allowance fhall be paid by the Perfon or Perfons from whom fuch Mea and Horfes mall be removed, to or amongll the Perfon or

Perfons

Imj'rifbnrnent.

Officers, Men, and Horfes, belonging the Horfe or Dragoons, and alfo Bat and Baggage HorlVs, Ac. how quartered, Ac.

Dragoons, Ac. quartered on Perfons who have no Stables, may be removed to thofe who have Stables, Ac.



74

Dragoon*, &c. andiheir Horfes billette'l in the fame Houfes.

Manner of

changing Men and Horfes.

Officers taking Money to excufe Pei Ion from quartering.

Puniftiment.

Conftables,&c. taking Money to excufe any Per-fon from quartering ;

and on Victuallers refufing to quarter Soldiers.

C17.	530	GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

Perfons to whom fuch Men and Horfes fhall be fo removed as aforefaid or to be applied in the furnifliing of Quarters for the Reception of fuch Men and Horfes, as the cafe may require, and as fuch Juftices fhall think fit.

4 LVI And whereas great Inconveniences have arifen and mar 4 arife in fuch Places where Horfe or Dragoons are or may be 4 quartered, by the billetting of the Men and their Horfes at 4 different Houfes, and often at great Diltances from one another,

4 contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act ;* Be it therefore enaded by the Authority aforefaid, That in all Places where Horfe or Dragoons fhall be quartered or bhletted in purfuance of this Act, for the future, the Men and their Horfes fhall be billetted in one and the fame Houfe (except in cafe of Neceility); and that in no other cafe whatfoever there be lefs than One Man billetted where there fhall be One or Two Horfes, nor lefs than Two Men where there fhall be Four Horfes, and fo in Proportion for a greater Number ; and in fuch cafe each Man fhall be billetted as near his Horfe as pofiible.

4 LVI I. And whereas fome Doubts have arifen whether Com-4 mandirig Officers of any Regiment, Troop or Company, may ex-4 change any Men or Horfes quartered in any Town or Place,

* with another Man or Horfe quartered in the fame Place, for the 4 Benefit of the Service ;* Be it declared and enaded by the Authority aforefaid, That fuch Exchange as above mentioned may be made by fuch Commanding Officer refpedively, provided the Number of Men or Horfes do not exceed the Number at that time billetted on fuch Houfe or Houfes ; and the Conftables, Tithingmen, Headboroughs and other Chief Officers, and Magiftratcs of the Cities, Towns and Villages or other Plac s where any R giment, Troop or Company, fhall be quartered, are hereby required to billet fuch Men and HorEs fo exchanged accordingly.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it enabled by the Authority aforefaid, Ti.at if any Officer fhall take or caufe to be taken, or knowingly fuffer to be taken, any Money of any Perfon for excuung the quartering of Officers or Soldiers, or any of them, in any Houle allowed by this Ad. every fuch Officer fhall be cafhiered, and be incapable of ferving in any Military Employment whatfoever.

LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforefaid. That if any High Conflable, Conftuble, Beadle or other Officer or Perfon whatfoever, who, hy virtue or c lour of this Act, fhall quarter or billet, or be employed in quartering or billetting, any Officers or Soldiers, fhall n eg led or retufe to quarter or billet any Officer or Soldier on Duty when thereunto required, in fuch manner as is by this Act direde ', provided fufficicut Notice be given before the Arrival of fuch Troops; or fhall receive, demand, contradfc or agree for any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Reward whatfoever, for or on account of excufing, or in order to excufe any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, from quartering or receiving into his, her or their Houfe or Houfes, any fuch Officer or Soldier; or in cafe any Victualler, or any other Perfon liable by this Ad to have ar y Officer or Soldier billetted or quartered on him or her, fhall refufe to receive or vidual any fuch Officer or Soldier fo quartered or billetted upon him or her as aforefaid ; or fhall refufe to furnifh or allow, according to the Diredions of this Ad, the feveral things

hereinafter



75

AJXi8i3-	53°	GEO. III.	C.	17.	.

hereinafter refpe&tvely direfted to be furnifhed or allowed to Non Commiflioned Officeis or Soldiers fo quartered or billetted on him or her as aforefaid 5 or (hall negleft or refufe to furnifh good and fufficient Stables, together with good and fufficient Hay and Straw for each Horfe fo quartered or billetted on him or her as aforefaid, at the Rate hereinafter mentioned, and fhall be thereof convifted before One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace of the County, City or Liberty, within which fuch Offence fhall be committed, either by his own Confeffion or by the Oath of One or more credible Witneis or WitnefTes (which Oath the faid Juftice or Juflices is and are hereby empowered to adminifler), every fuch High Conftable, Conflable,

Beadle or other Officer or Perfon fo offending, fhall forfeit for Penalty, every fuch Offence the Sum of Five Pounds, or any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds nor lefs than Forty Shillings

ias the faid Juftice or Juftices, before whom the Matter fhall be heard, lall in liis or their Difcretion think fit) ; to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods of the Perfon offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of fuch Juftice or Juftices before whom fuch Offender fhall be convifted, or of One or more of them, to be direfted to any other Conftable within the County, City or Liberty, or to any of the Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifn where the Offender fhall dwell; which faid Sum of Five Pounds, riow levied, or the faid Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor lefs than Fort^ ap,lied,&c. Shillings, when levied, fhall be applied in the firft Place in making fuch Satisfaction to any Soldier for the Expence he may have been put to by reafon of his not being billetted or quartered as aforefaid, as fuch Juftice or Juftices fhall order and direft 5 and the Remainder fhall be paid to the Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifh if in England and to the Churchwardens of the Parifh if in Ireland, wherein the Offence fhall be committed, or to fome One of them, for the Ufe of the Poor of the faid Parifh.

LX. And, for the better preventing Abufes in quartering or Juftices may or-billetting the Soldiers in purfuance of this Aft, be it further enafted dcr ^)nrtableS to by the Authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful to and dumbero^So!-for any One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace within their diers quartered, refpedtive Counties, Cities or Liberties, in any Part of the United &c.

Kingdom, by Warrant or Order under his or their Hand or f Seal, t s or Hands and Seals, at any time or times during the Continuance of this Aft, to require and command any High Conftable, Conftable,

Beadle or other Officer who fhall quarter or billet any Soldiers in purfuance of this Aft, to give an Account in Writing unto the faid Juftice or Juftices requiring the fame, of the Number of Officers and Soldiers who fhall be quartered or billetted by them, and alfo the Names of the Houfekeepers or Perfons upon whom every fuch Officer or Soldier fhall be quartered or billetted, together with an Account of the Street or Place where every fuch Houfekeeper dwells, and of the Signs (if any) belonging to their Houfes 5 to the end it may appear to the faid Juftice or Juftices where fuch Officers and Soldiers are quartered or billetted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punifh all Abufes in the quartering or billetting of them.

JLX1. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it fhall be Juftice* may ex-lawful for any Juftice of the Peace at the Requeft of any Officer or tend Routes and Non Commiflioned Officer commanding any Soldiers requiring enlarge Quarters-

Quarters



76

Office’* - ill Soldiers to p«v Rates for Diet.

Tn what cafe of Innhold* rs fur-niihing Men quaitered with Candles, Sec. gratis, Sec. the Men to provide their own Victuals and Small Beer.

Officers receiving the Pay to fettle Demands of Innkeepers.

Rates to Ton-keepers for Diet.

C.17.

530 GEO. III.

A.D.i8i3»

8uarters or Billets, in any cafe in which il (hall appear to fuck fficer or Juftice that better Accommodation can be given to the Troops by extending any Route or enlarging the Diftrid within which Quarters and Billets (hall be required, to enlarge fuch Route, and extend fuch Quarters and Billets in fuch manner as (hall be moft , convenient to the Troops to be quartered and billetted ; any thing in this Ad or any other Ad, or any Law or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXII. Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby enaded, That the Officers and Soldiers fo quartered and billetted as aforefaid, (hall be received and fumiffied with Diet and Small Beer by the Owners of the Inns, Livery Stables, Alehoufes9 Vidualling Houfes and other Houfes in which they are allowed to be quartered and billetted by this Ad; paying and allowing for the fame the feveral Rates hereinafter mentioned to be payable out of the Subfiftence Money for Diet and Small Beer.

LXII I. Provided always, That in cafe any Innholder, or other Perfon on whom any Non Commiffion Officers or Private Men (hall be quartered by virtue of this Adi (except on a March or employed in recruiting, -nd likewife except the Recruits by them railed, for the Space of Seven Days at mod for fuch Non Commiffion Officers and Soldiers who are recruiting and the Recruits by them raifed}, 4hall be defirous to fumiffi fuch Non Commiffion Officers and Soldiers with Candles, Vinegar and Salt, gratis, and allow to fuch Non Commiffion Officers or Soldiers the Ufe of Fire, and the necefTary Utenfils for dreffing and eating their Meat, and (hall give Notice of fuch his Defire to the Commanding Officer, and (hall furnifh and allow the fame accordingly; then and in fuch cafe the Non Commiffion Officers and Soldiers fo quartered (hall provide their own Viduals and Small Beer; and the Officer to whom it belongs to receive, or that does adually receive the Pay and Subfiftence of fuch Non Commiffion Officers and Soldiers, (hall pay the feveral Sums hereinafter mentioned to be payable out of the Subfiftence Money for Diet and Small Beer to the Non Commiffion Officers and Soldiers as aforefaid, and not to the Innholder or other Perfon on whom fuch Non Commiffion Officers and Soldiers are quartered; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.	c.	43.

§ I. pofl; and as to Dieting on March and Recruitings c. 43. $ 4—9.

M J

LXIV. And, that the Quarters both of Officers and Soldiers may hereafter be duly paid and fatisfied, and His Majefty’s Duties of Excife better anfwered, be it enaded by the Authority aforefaid. That, from and after the Twenty fourth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, every Omcer to whom it belongs to receive, or that does adually receive the Pay or Subfiftence Money, either for a whole Regiment, or particular Troops and Companies, or otherwife, (hall every Four Days, or before the Troops (hall quit their Quarters, if they (hall not remain fo long as Four Days, fettle theiuft Demands of all Perfons keeping Inns, or other Places where Officers or Soldiers are quaitered by virtue of thia Ad, out of the Pay and Subfiftence of fuch Officers and Soldiers, before any Part of the faid Pay or Subfiftence be diftributed to either of them refpedivcly: Provided the (aid Demands exceed not, for a Commiffion Officer of Horfe9 being under the Degree of a Captain*

for

 L.ooq le

77

A.D.i8i3»	53°	GEO.	IIL	C.17.

for foch Officer** Diet and Small Beer per Diem, Two Shillings; nor for One Commiffion Officer of Dragoons, being under the Degree of a Captain, for fuch Officer’s Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, One Shilling 5 nor for One Commiffion Officer of Foot, unaer the Degree of a Captain, for fuch Officer’s Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, One Shilling ; nor for One Light Horfeman’s Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, Seven pence; nor for One Dragoon’s Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, Seven pence; nor for One Foot Soldier’s Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, Five pence 5 nor for each Horfe which (hall be quartered under the Authority of this Aft, for Hay and Straw for fuch Horfe, per Diem, Six pence (/j): And if any Officer or Officers, as aforelaid, {hall not fatisfy, content and pay the fame, upon Complaint and Oath made thereof by any Two Witneffes, at the next Quarter Seffions for the County or City where fuch Quarters were (which Oath the Juftices of the Peace at fuch Seffions are hereby authorized and required to adminifter), the Secretary at War in England, and the Chief Secretary, or in his Abfence the Under Secretary for the Military Department in Ireland, is hereby required and authorized (upon Certificate of the faid Judices before whom fuch Oath was made, of the Sum due upon fuch Accounts, and the Perfons to whom the fame is owing) to give Orders to the Agent of the Troop or Company to pay and fatisfy the faid Sums, and to charge the lame againd fuch Officer.	(a) [ij. 2d. c. 43.

§ 3 • P?ft' ]

LXV. And be it further enafted, That in cafe of any Troop or Company being fuddenly ordered to march, and that the refpeftive Commanding Officers are not enabled to make Payment of the Sums due for the Lodgiugs of the Men, and Stabling for the Horfes as aforelaid, every fuch Officer (hall before his Departure make up the Account with every Perfon with whom fuch Troop or Company may have been quartered, and fign a Certificate thereof, which Account and Certificate (hall be tranlmitted to the Agent of the Regiment, that immediate Payment may be made, which he is hereby required to make accordingly, and to charge the fame to the Account of foch Officer.

LXVI. And be it enafted by the Authority aforefaid. That if any Officer, Military or Civil, by this Aft authorized to quarter Soldiers in any Houfes hereby appointed for that Purpofe, (hall, at any time during the Continuance of this Aft, quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants, of any Officer or Soldier, in any fuch Houfes, againft the Confent of the Owners, the Party offending, if an Officer of the Army, (hall, upon being convifted thereof before a General Court Martial, be cafhiered 5 and if a Conftable, Tithingman or other Civil Officer, he (hall forfeit to the Party aggrieved Twenty Shillings, upou Complaint and Proof thereof made to the next Juftice of the Peace; to be levied by Warrant of fuch Juftice by Diftrefs and Sale of his Goods, rendering the Overplus to the Party, after dedufting reafonable Charges in taking the fame.

LXVII. And be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace for the County, Town or Place, where any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier (hall be quartered, in that Part of Great Britain called Mugkmdf in cafe fuch Non Commiffion Officer or Private Soldier

have

Officers not (a-

tisfying Accounts Penalty charged againft them by the Agents.

Quarters not paid for before Marching of Troops, Certificate of Amount tranfmitted to Agent.

Soldiers* Wive*, &c. not quartered without Confent.

Penalty.

Soldiers'Settlements for their Wive* and Children when quartered in England.



78	C. 17.	530 GEO. Ill-	A.D.i8i3«

have either Wife or Child or Children* to caufe fuch Non Commiffion Officer or Soldier to be fummoned before them, in the Town or Place where fuch Non Commiffion Officer or Soldier (hall be quartered, in order to make Oath of the Place of their laft legal Settlement (which Oath the faid Jullice is hereby empowered to adminifter) ; and fuch Non Commiffion Officers and Private Soldiers as aforefaid are hereby diredted to obey fuch Summons, and to make AffiaftcdC°Py0f	accordingly;	and	fuch Jullice is hereby required to give an

VJt*	attefled Copy of fuch Affidavit fo made before him to the Perfon

maki .g the fame, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer, in order to be produced when required ; which attelled Copy (hall be at any time admitted in Evidence, as to fuch laft legal Settlement, before any of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace, or at any General or Quarter Seffion of the Peace: Provided always, that in cafe any Non Commiffion Officer or Private Soldier fhall be again fummoned to make Oath as aforefaid, then on fuch attelled Copy of the Oath by him formerly taken being produced by him, or by any other Perfon on his Behalf, fuch Non Commiffion Officer or Soldier (hall not be obliged to take any other or further Oath with regard to bis legal Settlement, but (hall leave a Copy of fuch attefled Copy of Examination, if required.

Carriages for LXVJII. And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid. Forces marching That, for the better and more regular Provifion of Carriages for His Majelly’s Forces in their Marches, or for their Arms, Clothes or Accoutrements in England\ Ireland and Walesy and the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy all Juftices of the Peace, within their feveral Counties, Ridings, Divifions, Shires, Liberties and Precin&s, being duly required thereunto, by an Order from His Majefty, or the General of His Forces, or the Mafter General or Lieutenant General of His Majefty’s Ordnance, if in Englandy Wales or Berwick upon Tweedy or by an Order from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or from the Officer commanding His Majefty's Forces in Ireland, or other Perfon duly authorized in that Behalf, (hall, as often as fuch Order is brought and (hewn unto One or more of them by the Quarter Mafter, Adjutant or other Officer or Non Commiflioned Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company, fo ordered to march, lfTue out his or their Warrants to the Conflables or Petty Con (tables of, or to any Con liable or Conflables ading or having Authority to a& in the Divifion, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred and Precindt, from, through, near or to which fuch Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company, (hall be ordered to march; requiring them to make fuch Provifion of Carriages, and Hordes or Oxen, with able Men to drive the fame, as is mentioned in tbe fiud Warrant, allowing them fufficient time to do the fame, that the Warrant! to fpe- neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burthen ; and fpecifying city Places to in the faid Warrants the Place or Places to which the laid which Carriages Carriages (hall, by virtue of fuch Orders as aforefaid, be required full travel,Ice. travel, which fhall not exceed the Day’9 March of the Troops, as prtferibed in the Order produced to the Magiftrate, unlefs in cafe of prefflng Emergency or Neceffity, and fhall in no cafe whatever exceed Twenty five Miles from the Place at which the March fhall commence ; and in cafe fufficient Carriages cannot be provided within any fuch Liberty, Divifion or Precintt, then the Juftice or Juftices

of

 CjOOQle

79

A.D.i8i3*

53° GEO. III.

of the Peace of the next adjoining County, Riding or Divifion,

(hall, upon fuch Order as aforefaid being brought or (hewn to One or more of them by any of the Officers aforefaid, iffue his or their Warrant to the Conftables or Petty Condables of fuch next County,

Riding, Liberty, Divifion or PrecinA, as (hall be moil convenient for the Purpofes aforefaid, according to their refpe&ive Jurifdi&ions, to make up fuch Deficiency: And the aforefaid Officer or Officers, who, by virtue of the aforefaid Warrant from the Judices of the Peace, are to demand the Carriage or Carriages therein mentioned of the Condable or Petty Condable, to whom the Warrant is directed, is and are hereby required, at the fame time, to pay down in Hand to the faid Condable or Petty Condable, for the Ufe of the Perfon who (hall provide fuch Carriages and Men, the Sums hereinafter mentioned refpeftively, for which refpe&ive Sums fo received the faid Condable or Petty Condable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing (which Receipt need not be damped) to the Perfon or Perfons paying the fame : And fuch Condable, or Petty Condable, (hall order and appoint fuch Perfon or Perfons, having Carriages within their refpe&ive Liberties, as they (hall think proper, to provide and fumiffi fuch Carriages and Horfes and Oxen and Men, according to the Warrant aforefaid, who are hereby required to provide and furnidi the fame accordingly ; and no Perfon owning or driving, or caufing to be driven, any fuch Waggon,

Wain, Cart or other Carriage, (hall be fubje<5t to any Penalty or Forfeiture, nor (hall any fuch Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage be dopped or detained by reafon of any Weight in any fuch Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horfes or Oxen; but it (hall be lawful for any Owner of any fuch Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, to put any additional Number of Horfes or Oxen to thofe preferibed or paid for under this Ad 5 any thing in any Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or any particular Highway or Road, to the contrary notwithdanding:

And if any Military Officer or Officers, for the Ufe of whofe Re- Officer* forcing giment, Detachment, Troop or Company the Carriage was provided, WaKons to mall force and condrain any Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage, to Magift«te*« travel beyond the Didance fpecined in the Magidrate’s Warrant, Warrant or (hall not difeharge the fame in due time for their Return Home fp€cifies,&c.

00 the fame Day, if it be pradicable, or (hall fuffer any Soldier or Servant (except fuch as are fick), or any Woman to ride in the Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage aforefaid; or (hail force any Condable or Petty Condable, by threatening or menacing Words to y provide Saddle Horfes for themfelves or Servants, or (hall force Horfes from the Owners, by themfelves, Servants or Soldiers 5 every penajt fuch Officer, for every fuch Offence, (hall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, Proof thereof being made upon Oath before Two of His Majefty’s Judices of the Peace of the fame County or Riding, who are to certify the fame to the Secretary at War in England, or if in Ireland to the Chief Secretary, or in his Abfence the Under Secretary for the MiHtaiy Department, who is hereby authorized and required to give Orders for the Payment of the aforefaid Sum of Five Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforefaid Judices of the Peace of the fame County or Riding, and for deducing the lame out of fuch Officer’s Pay.

LX1X. And



8o

Rites paid for Carriages in England.

Pronto.

Rates of Carri-agein Irelaad.

C.17.	53" GEO. HI.	A.D.1813.

LXIX. And be it further ena&ed, That the fums to be paid into the Hands of fuch Conftable or Petty Conftable in England, Walts and Berwick upon Tweedy (hall be according to the following Rates; that is to fay, the Sura of One Shilling for every Mile any Waggon with Four or more Horfes (hall travel; and the Sum of One Shilling for every Mile any Wain with Six Oxen, or Four Oxen with Two Horfes (hall travel; and the Sum of Nine pence for every Mile any Waggon with Narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horfes refpe&ively, or carrying not lefs than Fifteen hundred Weight, (hall travel; and the Sum of Six pence for every Mile every Cart or other Carriage with lefs than Four Horfes, and not carrying Fifteen hundred Weight, (hail travel; or any further Sum not exceeding Four pence for every Mile any Waggon with Four or more Horfes, or any Wain with Six Oxen, or with Four Oxen and Two Horfes, (hall travel; and not exceeding Three pence for every Mile any Cart with Four Horfes, or carrying not lefs than Fifteen hundred Weight, (hall travel; and not exceeding Two pence for every Mile any Cart or Carriage with lefs than Four Horfes, and not carrying Fifteen hundred Weight, (hall travel, according as the fame (hall be fixed and ordered by the Juftices of the Peace for any County or Diftrift, aflembled at any General Seflions of the Peace for fuch County or Diftri&, the faid Juftices having regard to the Price of Hay and Oats at the time of fixing fuch additional Rates: Provided always, that in cafes where the Day’s March (hall exceed Fifteen Miles, fuch further Compenfation (hall be made aod paid in like manner to the Owners of the faid Carriages as (hall be deemed reafonable by the Magiftrate who granted the Warrant for impreifiDg them, not exceeding the ufual Rate and Hire of fuch Carriages: Provided always, that every Order of the Juftices aflembled at any General Seflions of the Peace, fixing a further Sum to be paid for the Hire of Carriages as aforefaid, in Addition to the cuftomary Rates of One Shilling, and Nine pence, and Six pence per Mile refpedively, (hall* fpecify the Period for which the fame (hall be in force, and which (hall not in any cafe exceed Ten Days beyond the General Seflions of the Peace for fuch County or Diftrid next enfuing the Date of fuch Order; and a Copy of every fuch Order, figned by the Chairman or prefiding Magiftrate, and one other Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate at the Quarter Seflions at which the fame (hall be made, (hall, within Three Days after the making thereof, be tranfmitted to the Secretary at War; and no fuch Order (hall be valid or effedual unlefs a Copy thereof be fo figned and tranfmitted as aforefaid: Provided alfo, that in every cafe of any increafed Rate being allowed for the Hire of any Carriage, the Juftice of the Peace granting or figning the Warrant (hall infert ia his own Hand, the Amount of fuch increafed Rate for each Defcription of Carriage as fo authorifed by the Juftices at the Quarter Seflions as aforefaid; and fuch Warrant (hall be given to the Officer or Non Commiflioned Officer commanding the Regiment, Corps, Company, Detachment or Party requiring fuch Carriages, as his Voucher for the Payment of fuch increafed Rate ; and no increafed Rate (hall be demanded, but fuch as (hall be fo inferted by the Juftice in the Warrant.

‘ LXX. And whereas from various local Circumftances, the < Rates of Carriage in Ireland cannot be regulated in the fame

manner





•k

A.D.iOi j.	53°GEO. lit	C.	17.

manner as the Rate in England ;* Be it therefore enabled, That the Sums to be paid into the Hands of any fuch Conitable or Petty Con-ftable as aforefaid in Irelandy {hall be as follows; that is to fay, For every Hundred Weight which the’Owner or Owners of any Wheel Carriage (hall take as Loading on fuch Wheel Carriage the Sum of One Penny and One fixth Part of a Penny for every Mile or reputed Mile he or they (hall therewith march, or according to fuch Rate as (hall be fixed and ordered by the J11 If ices of the Peace for any County or DiftriS, the faid Judices having regard to the Price of Hay and Oats at the time of fixing fuch additional Rates.

• LXX1. And whereas it may fometiir.es become neceflary, in

*	cafes of Emergency, to provide proper and fpeedy means for the

*	Carriage and Conveyance, not only of the Arrr.6, Clothes, Accou-

*	trements, Tent9, Baggage and other Equipage of and belonging to r His Majefty’s Forces in their Marches, but alfo of the Officers,

*	Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children and other Perfons of and be-

*	longing to fuch Forces : And whereas it is expedient that Proviliou € fhould be made for enforcing prompt Obedience to fuch Orders as 4 His Majeify or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor in

*	Ireland may in fuch cafes think fit to iffue, in purfuance of the

4 Powers by Law vefted in Him for the Advancement of the general 4 Good and public Welfare of the Realm;’ Be it therefore further enadted by the Authority aforefaid, That it (hall be lawful for His in cafrs of Majefty, or fuch Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors Emergency Juf-in Irelandy by His or their Order, diftindtly daring that fuch cafe of dee? may bere-Eraergency doth exid, fignified by the Secretary at War, or if in ^,redt” Ireland by the Chief Secretary, or in his Abfence by the Under providing SaJdle Secretary for the Military Department for the time being, to any Hones and General or Field Officer commanding His Majefty’s Forces in any Four wheeled Diftridl or Place, or to the Commiflary in Chief of Stores and Provi- Carriages let to fions at Home, or Perfon a£ting in that Capacity, to authorize fuch	0

General or Field Officers or Commiflary in Chief as aforefaid, or

Perfon aforefaid, by Writing under his Hand, reciting fuch Order of His faid Majefty or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforefaid, to require all Jultices of the Peace within their feveral Counties,

Ridings, Divifions, Cities, Liberties and Precindts in England, 7/r-landy lEales and Town of Berwick upon Tweedy to iffue his or their Warrant or Warrants for any of the Purpofes hereinafter mentioned; and fHch Juftice or Judices (ball, when and as often as fuch Requisition in Writing as laft mentioned (hall be brought and (hewn unto any One or more of fuch Juftices, by the Quarter Mailer, Adjutant or other Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company,

£0 ordered to be conveyed, or by any Officer in the Department of the faid Commiflary General, to iffue out his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Conftables, or Petty Conftables, of the County, Di-tifion, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred and Precinct, from, through, near or to which fuch Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company ihall be fo ordered to be conveyed, requiring them to make fuch Provifton not only of Waggons, Wains, Cart9 and Cars kept by, or belonging to, any Perfon or Perfons, and for any Ufe or Purpofe whatloever, but alfo of Saddle Horfes, Coaches, Chaifes and other Four«wheeIed Carriages ufually let to Hire, or kept for that Purpofe ; and alfo of Boats, Barges and other Veffols, ufed for the Carriage of Coals, Stone, Lime, Manure or of Goods, Wares or 53 Geo. III.	G	Merchandizes





I*

Officer* demand log them, to pt^ for their Hire fuch Sums as Jufticeslhall 4irt&

Coo (la We to give a Receipt without Stamp, and to order Horfes, Acc. to be provided.

What things may be conveyed on fuch Carriages, Sc'c.

Oficers forcing Horfcs, dec. to

C.i7»	jyGEOalll.	AJ3.i	lij»

Merchandises! or tny other Articles or Commodity wbatfoever, ipo« any Canal or navigable River, with able Men and Horfes to nvc, navigate and draw the fame, as (hall be mentioned in the (aid W Tint ©r Warrants, therein fpecifying the Place or Diflance to which fucb Horfes, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Veffels and Men fh. A go and be conveyed, and allowing foch Con liable* fufEcient tit e to make fuch Provifion, that the neighbouring Parts may not a ways bear the Burthen; and in cafe fuch (uf&ctent Carriages, Horfes, 1 oats. Barges or other Veffels and Men cannot be provided withii any fuch County, Riding, DiviGon, Hundred, City, Liberty or Pre in&, then the next Juftice or Juftices of the Peace of the next Co tnty. Riding, DiviGon, City, Liberty or Precin&, (hall, upon fuch R ?qui-fition in Writing as lad aforefaid being brought or (hewn t< aay One or more of them, by any of the Officers aforefaid, iffue 1 is or their Warrant or Warrants to the ConG&bles, or Petty Conftabl «, of fuch next County, Riding, City, Liberty, DiviGon, Hundred or Precin&, for the Punpofes lad aforefaid, to make up fuch DeGcii ticy; and the aforefaid Officer or Officers, who, by virtue of the afoi efaid Warrant or Warrants from the Judice or Juftices of the Peace, are* to demand the Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges or other Veffels therein mentioned, of the Con ft able or Petty Cooftable to whovi the (aid Warrant or Warrants (hall be dire&cd, is and are hereby reu uirrd at the fame time to pav down in Hand to the laid Condable or J Vtty Condable, for the Ufe of the Perfbn or Perfons who (hall provide fuch Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges or other Veffels and Men, fetch veafonable Sum and Sums of Money, as the faid Judice or Ju&icea fhall in and by his or their faid Warrant or Warrants order and dured* not exceeding the ufual Rate and Hire of fuch and the like Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges or other Veffels and Men, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each particular cafe, but making no Allowance for Pod Horfe Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River or Lock Tolls (which Duty,or Tolls are hereby declared not to be tlemandable or payable in fuch and tlie like calcs, for any fuch Car* riages, Horfes, Boats, Barges and other Veffels, whilft employed iir fuch Service or returning therefrom ); for which faid refpe&ive Sum and Sums fo received, the faid Condable or Petty Condable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing, but without any Stamp, to the Perfon or Perfons paying the fame; and foch Condable or Petty Couliable (hall order and appoint fuch Perfon or Perfons having, fuck Horfes, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Veffels and Men, withkt their refpe&ive Liberties as they (hall think proper, to. provide aad furnifh fuch Horfes, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Veffels: and Men, according to the Warrant or Warrants aforefaid, who are. hereby! required to provide and furniih the fame accordingly y and it (hall and may be lawful in fuch cafes, to and for all aad every Military Officer and Officers, for the life of whom, or of whofe Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company, fuch Horfes, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Veffels (hall be provided in fuch cafes, to cany and convey, and permit to be carried and conveyed, on the fame refpeo tively, not only the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Baggage, Toot© and other Equipage of fuch Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Com* pany, but alio the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children and other Perfons of and belonging to the fame $ any thing hereit* contained to the contrary thereof notwithftaoding: But if any fuck

Officer

 UooQle

A.Di ittj.

SyGtti. In*

C. 17.

Officer or Officer* fall force or conftraan arty Horfe, Carriage, Boat, Barge or other Veflel, to travel or proceed beyond the Diftfince or Btace to be allowed and fpecified io fuch Warrant or Warrants, Without the fpecial Licence or Order of One or more other fuch Juftice or Jufttces of the Peace in that Behalf, and which Licence or Order One or more of fuch Juftices is and are hereby authorized and required to give and make at his nnd their reafonable Difcretion, every fuch Officer for every fuch Offence (hall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, Proof thereof being made upon Oath before Two of His Majefty's Juftices of the Peace of the fame County or Riding, Divifion, City, Liberty or Precind, who are to certify the fame to the Secretary at War, or if in Ireland to the Chief Secretary, or in his Abfence the Under Secretary for the Military Department, who is hereby authorized and required to give Order for Payment of the aforefaid Sum of Five Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforefaid Juftices of the Peace of the fame County, Riding, Divifion, City, Liberty or PrecinA, and for deducing the fame out of fuch Officer's Pay,

LXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage, impreffed by Authority of this Adfc, fhatt be liable or obliged, by virtue of this A&, to carry above Thirty hundred Weight; any thing in this A& contained to the Contrary notwithftandmg.

LXX1H. Provided alfo, and be it further enaAed, That no Owner of any fuch Carriage in Ireland fhatt be compelled or obliged to take any Loading until the fame fhall be firft duly weighed at the Expence of the Owner or Owners of fuch Carriage, if he or they fhall think fit, and if the fame can be done in a reafonable time without Let or Hindrance of His Majefty's Service ; and if any Officer requiring fuch Carriage fhall force or compel the Owner to take any Loading until the fame fhall be firft duly weighed, if the fame can be done in a reafonable time as aforefaid, or fhall, contrary to the Will of the Owner of fuch Carriage, or his Servant, put or permit any Perfon whatfoever to put any greater Load upon any Carriage than is hereinafter directed, either at the time of loading or on the March, every fuch Officer fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings to the Party injured, upon fuch Proof and in fuch manner as is hereinbefore appointed.

LXXIV. And be it further ena&ed, That no Carriage impreffed by Authority of this A& in Ireland fhall be liable or obliged to carry above Six hundred Weight; and if the Owner fhall confent to carry above Six hundred Weight on any Carriage, he fhall be allowed and paid at the Rate of One Penny One fixth Part pfr Mile for every Hundred above the Weight of Six hundred Pounds put mi his Carriage 5 and the Owner or Owners of fuch Carriage or Carriages fhall not be compelled or obliged to proceed with fuch Carriage or Carriages, under the Sum of Seven pence per Mile or reputed Mile at the leaft, in cafe he or they fhall be required to carry a left Weight on fuch Carriage or Carriages than Six hundred Pounds Weight for each Carriage.

LXXV. And be it further ena&ed, That Notice fhall be given to the Lord Mayor of the City of Dublin at leaft Twenty four Hours before the March of any Troops or fcompanies of Soldiers out of the laid City, or in cafe of Emergency, as long before fuch March as

G 2	the

travel beyond DUlance fpecified in Warrant, without Licence*

Penalty*

Pceeky.

What Weight Waggons, &c. to carry.

Owners or Carnages in Ireland not obliged to take Loading till weighed.

Penalty.

What Weight Carriages im-prefTed in Ireland obliged to carry.

Notice to Lord M.i y or of Dublin before March of Troops to provide Carriages.



C.i7,

S3*GEO. III.

A.D. 1813.

Uumber of Carriages for Troops in Ireland regulated by Lord ■ Lieutenant.

Conftables, &c.

negle&ing

I>uty.

Penalty.

Offences how dercrmincd.

the nature of the cafe (hall permit, of the Number of Troops or Companies appointed, to march ; whereupon the Lord Mayor for the time being (hall fummon a proportionable Number of Cars out of the Licenced Cars, Brick Cars, and other Cars within the County of the faid City, and fo from time to time the faid Cars are by Turns to be employed in carrying the Baggage of fuch Troops or Companies, at the Prices and under the Regulations hereinbefore mentioned; and it is hereby directed that no Country Cars or Carriages coming to the Market of the faid City, nor any Cars or Carriages coming to any of the Markets in Ireland, (hall be detained or employed agaiuft the Will of the Owners, in carrying the Baggage of the Army on any Pretence whatfoever.

LXXVI. And be it further enaded, That the Number of Carriages to be allowed each Troop or Company in Ireland, (hall be from time to time regulated by Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, in Proportion to the Efta-bljfhment of fuch Troop or Company ; and the Sums ordered to be advanced as aforefaid, for the Payment of the Carriage of Baggage by the Officer or Officers refpe&ively, (hall be to them repaid by the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury in Ireland for the time being, without Fee or Reward, on Oath made by fuch Officer or Officers before One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace, or Chief Magiftrate of any City or Corporate Town, of his or their Payment of lucb Sum or Sums for Carriages as aforefaid, and an Account of the fame being produced by the Agent of the Regiment, which Account fhall have been certified by the Quarter Mafler General, to be charged conformably to the Orders of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and the Regulations preferibed by this Ad.

LXXVI I And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid. That if any High Conftable or Petty Conftaffle, fhall wilfully negled or refufe to execute fuch Warrant or Warrants of the Juitices ot thq Peace, as (hall be direded unto them for providing Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges and other VefTels as aforefaid ; or (hall demand or receive for the Ufe of the Owners furnifhing fuch Waggons, Wains, Carts, Cars or Carriages, more than the Rates hereinbefore allowed refpedivcly ; or if any Perfon or Perfoiis, appointed by fuch Conftable or Petty Conflable to provide or furnifii any Carriage, Man, Horfe, Boat, Barge or other Veffel, (hall refufe or negled to provide the fame ; or if fuch Perfon or Perfons, or. any other Perfon or Perfonf whatfoever, (hall wilfully do any Ad or Thing, whereby the Execution of the faid Warrant (hall be hindered or fruftrated, every fuch Conftable, or other Perfon or Perfons fo offending, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor lefa than Forty Shillings, to the Ufe of the Poor of fuch Parifh or Pa* rifhes adjoining to the Parifh where fuch Offence (hall be committed, as (hall be fixed upon by the Juftice or Juftices by whom fuch Offence (hall be enquired of, heard and determined : And all and every fuch Offence and Offences fhall and may'be enquired of, heard and finally determined, by any One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Pe3cc* dwelling in or near the Place where fuch Offence fhall be committed, who has hereby Power to caufc the faid Penalty to be levied by Difr trefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owners.

LXXVIII. And



-

A. D. 1813.

53* GEO. III.

-c. 1?.

Rates paid hefcra Carriages proceed on March.

Officers and Soldier s, &c. on Duty and Carriages, See. employed in His Ma jefty*s Service, exempted from Payment of Tolls;

LXXVIIt. And be it further enafted, That the Condable oV Petty Conftable to whom fuch Money (hall have been fo paid in Ireland, is and are hereby required, before the Owner of any Carriage or Horfe in Ireland (hall be compelled to take any Loading, or be forced to proceed in the March with his Carriage, to pay down in Hand to the Owner of fuch Carriage, or his Servant, the full Sum to which the Owner of fuch Carriage would be entitled for the March in the faid Warrant direfted to be made, according to the Rate at which fuch Conftable or Petty Condable (hall have been fo paid for the fame as aforefaid.

1 LXXIX. And whereas in confequence of certain Exemptions 4 from Toll, exprefsly allowed by feveral Afts of Parliament for His

*	Majefty’s Forces on their March, or on Duty, and for the Horfes

*	and Carriages attending them, Doubts have arifen whether in all

*	cafes not fo exempted, the Officers and Soldiers, and the Carriages

*	and Horfes, belonging to His Majedy or employed in His Service,

4 and returning therefrom, may not be charged with the Payment of 4 Tolls ;* therefore, for obviating fuch Doubts, it is hereby ena&cd and declared. That all His Majefty’s Officers and Soldiers, and their Horfes, on Duty or on their March, and all Carriages and Horfes be-longing to His Majedy, or employed in His Service, and returning therefrom, or employed in His Service, when conveying the Officers,

Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children, or other Perfons of or belonging to His Majefty’s Forces, or the Arms, Clothe3, Accoutrements,

Tents, Baggage and other Equipage, of or belonging to His Majedy**

Forces on their Marches, or any Ordnance, or Barrack, or Commif-fariat or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Majedy, or for the Ufe of His Majefty’s Forces, or returning therefrom, were and are, and (hall be exempted from Payment of any Duties and Tolls otherwise demandable by virtue of any Aft of Parliament already made, or hereafter to be made, for Perfons, Horfes or Carriages paffing Turnpike Roads or Bridges, unlefs by fuch Aft it has been or (hall be exprefsly provided that the faid Officers, Soldiers, Carriages and Horfes,’ are and (hall be liable equally with others to the Duties and Tolls therein authorized to be demanded and taken :

Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall exempt from the Exception* Payment of Tolls any Boats, Barges or other Veflels employed in conveying the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children or other Perfons of or belonging to His Majefty’s Forces, or the Arms,

Clothes, Accoutrements, Tents, Baggage and other Equipage, of

or belonging to His Majefty’s Forces, or any Military. Stores, along any Canal, but .the fame (hall he liable to Toil in like manner as other Coats, Barges and Veflels are liable thereto.

* LXXX. And whereas the refpeftive Sums of Money by this Aft 4 appointed to be paid to the Conftables by the Officers demanding

*	fuch Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges or other Veflels, may not,

*	in many cafes, be fufficient to anfwer the Charge and Expence of

*	providing the fame, infomuch that the faid Conftables may fre-4 auently be at great Charges over and above what is received by 4 them of the faid Officers, to the great Burthen of the Townfhips

*	of which they are Conftables, or elfe the Perfons providing fuch

*	Carriages are grievoufly opprefled For Remedy whereof, and that the faid Overplus Charge may be borne by each County or Riding at the general Charge of fuch County or Riding; Be it

G 3	further

Treafurer of

County to repay Comtablcs ex* triordinary Charges*

 LiOOQle

C. f).

53-GEO. HI.

A-D. i#i|.

Money for the Purpofe how ^iied.

Officer!, <5te. quartered in Scotland, «s Laws in force at theUnioudiredi.

Carriage* in Scotland, hour

provided

How Troopf to pay in pafling over Fetriei in Scotland.

further ena&ed by the Authority afprefaid, That the Treafurer or

Treafurers of each refpe&ive County or Riding (hall, without Fee or Reward, pay uuto fuch Conftable all and every fuch reafonable Sunt or Suras of Money, fo by him paid or laid out for fuch Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges and other Veffels, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Officer requiring fuch Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges and other Veffels, out of the Public Stock, of fuch County or Kiding, according to fuch Rates, Orders, Rules and Directions, as the (aid Juftices of the Peace, in their Quarter Seffions affembled, within their refpe&ive Jurifdi&ions, /hall from time to time, during the Continuance of this A6t, make, dire& and appoint (which Orders /hall be made without Fee or Reward) ; regard being always had to the Seafon of the Year and the Length and Condition of the Ways by and through which fuch Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges and other Veffels, are to travel and pafs.

LXXXI. And, in cafe the faid Public Stock of the County or Riding be not fufficient (over and above the other Purpofes for which it was raifed) to iatiefy the extraordinary Charge of Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges and other Veffels before mentioned, it is hereby further enadled. That the faid Juftices of the Peace, in the General Quarter Seffions, /hall have Power from time to time, to raife Monies upon the refpeCfive Counties or Ridings, in fuch manner as they now raife Monies for County Gaols and Bridges, to fatisfy the faid extraordinary Charge of Carriages, Horfes, Boats, Barges and other Veffels.

LXXXI I. And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid* That it /ball and may be lawful to quarter Officers and Soldiers in Scotland, in fuch and the like Places and Houles as they might have been quartered in by the Laws in force in Scotland at the time of its Union with England ; and that the Poffeffors of fuch Houfeg /hall only be liable to furni/li the faid Officers and Soldiers quartered there, as by the faid Laws in force at the time of the faid Union wag provided ; and that no Officer (hall be obliged to pay for his Lodging where he /hall be regularly billetted, except in the Suburbs of Edinburgh.

LXXXIII. And be it further ena&ed, That the Carriages for the Service of the Forces from time to time quartered or marching Jn Scotland, (hall be provided in like manner, and at the Rates, and the Furni/her of luch Carriages /hall be paid, as was dire&ed by the Law in force in Scotland at the time of its Union with England.

LXXXIV. And be it further ena&ed, That where any Troops or Parties upon Command have Occafion in their March to pals regular Ferries in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, it /hall and may be lawful for the Commanding Officer either to pafs over with his Party, as Paffengers, or to hire the Ferry Boat entirely to himfelf and nis Party, debarring others for that time in hig Option ; and in cafe he fhall chooie to take Paffage for himfelf and Party as Paffengers, he (hall only pay for himfelf and for each Perfon, Officer or Soldier under his Command, Half of the ordinary Rate payable by iingle Perfons at any fuch Ferry | and in cafe he mall hire the Ferry Boat for himfelf and Party, he /hall pay Half of the ordinary Rat£ for fuch Boat or Beats; and in fuch Places where there are no regular Ferries, but that all Pa/Tengers hire Boat? at the Rate they cap

agrqe



»7

A.D.1813,	$3«gbo.	in.	c.	17.

tgret for, Officers, with of without Parties, are to agree for Boats at the Rate as other Perfons do in the like cafes.

LXXXV. And, for the better Preservation of Game in or near officers or Sol-fuch Place where any Officers or Soldiers (hall at any time be quar- dim deftruyiug tered, be k enabled by tl»e Authority aforefaid, That if, from and Gome, after the faid Twenty fourth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, any Officer or Soldier (hall without Leave of the Lord of the Manor, under his Hand and Seal firll had and obtained, take, kill ordeftroy, any Hare, Coney, Pheafant, Partridge,

Pigeon, or any other Sort of Fowls, Poultry or Fi(h, or His Majefty’s

Game, within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and

upon Complaint thereof (hall be, upon Oath of One or more credible One WimefW

Witnefs or Witneffes, convi&ed before any Jnftice or Judices of

the Peace, who is and are hereby empowered and authorized to hear

and determine the fame; that is to fay, every Officer fo offending

(hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, to Penaky,

be diftributed among the Poor of the Place where fuch Offence (hall

be committed; and every Officer commending in Chief upon the Place,

for every fuch Offence committed by any Soldier under his Com*

mand, (hall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be paid and Penalty.

diftributed in manlier aforefaid: And if upon ConvifHon made by

the Juftices of the Peace, and Demand thereof alfo made by the

Conftable or Overfeers of the Poor, fuch Officer (hall refufe or

negle&j and not within Two Days pay the faid refpe&ive Penalties,

fuch Officer fo refufing or ncgledting (hall forfeit, and he is hereby

declared to have forfeited his Commiffion, and his Commiflion is hereby Penalty.

declared to be null and void.

LXXXVI. And be it further ena&ed, That every Perfon who Perfons receiving (hall receive inlifting Money from any Officer employed on the Re* inliftwg Mony Cruiting Service, or from any Non Commifiioned Officer or Private <,Cc0,< m Soldier belonging to the Recruiting Party under the Command of fuch Officer, or from any Perfon employed on the Recruiting Service, he being an attefted Soldier, (hall be deemed to be inlifted as a Soldier In HU Majefty’s Service, and (hall while he (hall remain with the Re* cruking Party be intilled to be billetted and quartered as a Soldier in HU Majefty’s Service 5 provided always, that every fuch perfon fo Provifi* jnlifted (hall be entitled to all the Benefits herein ena&ed for the Relief of Perfons haftily inlifting themfelves,	#

. LXXXVII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enabled and !f ? .??. 0M

declared by the Authority aforefaid, That, from and after the (aid thenifelvei. ^

Twenty fourth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and

.thirteen, when and as often as any Perfon or Perfons (hall be infilled

as a Soldier or Soldiers in His Majefty’s Laud Service, he or they

ffiall within Four Days, but not fooner than Twenty four Hours,

after fuch infilling refpe&ively, be carried or go with fome Officer,

Non Commiffioned Officer or Private Soldier Belonging to the Recruiting Party by which he (hall be inlifted, or with the Perfon employed on the Recruiting Service with whom he (ball have inlifted, before fome Juftice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City or Place,

Or Chief A^agiftratc of any City or Town Corporate, refiding or being next to, or in the Vicinity of the Place and adling for the Diviftdn or Diftrift where fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall have been inlifted, and not being an Officer in the Army, and before fuch JitfUce or Chief Magiftratc he or they (hall he at Liberty to declam

G*	'hit

 UooQle

Such Perfons not paying Inlifting Subfil" tcncc Money wii'.hn limited time d .em^ d in-lifted ; in which cfae ur if they inlift, the Juf* tii.es to read over them certain Sections of Articles of War and adminifter cei tain Oaths.

Recruits inlifted under 39 G. 3. c. 109 for E.I. Company’s Service, &c. to take Oath of Allegiance.

Recruits inlifted under 5c G 3 c. 87. to take Oaths inSche-dules (G.) and

(H.)

C. 17.	53* GEO. III.	A.D. 1815,

his or their Diflcnt to ftich inlifting; and upon fnch Declaration and returning the Inliftin^r Money, and alfo each Perfon fo diflenting paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, together with fuch full Rate allowed by Law for the Subfiftence or Diet and Small Beer furniftied to fuch Recruit Ctib-fequent to the Period of his having been inlifted, fuch Perfon or Per-fons fo inlifting (hall be forthwith ditcharged and fet at Liberty, it* the Prefence of fuch Juftice or Chief Magiftrate ; but if fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall refufe or negleft, within the Space of Twenty* four Hours, to return and pay fuch Money as aforefaid, he or they fhall be deemed and taken to be inlifted, as if he or they had given his or their Aflei.t thereto before the faid Jufticc or Chief Magiftrate; and if fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall declare his or their having voluntarily inlifted himfelf or themfelves, then fuch Juftice or Chief Magiftrate fhall and he is hereby required forthwith to read over, or in his own Prefence to caufe to be read over, to fuch Perfon or Perfons the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Seftion, and the Firft Article of the Sixth Seftion, of the Articles of War againft Mutiny and Defertion, and to tender and adminifter to fuch Perfon or Perfons icfpeftively, not only the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the faid Articles of War, but alfo the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Aft annexed marked (A.), or if the Perfon fhall be defirous of inlifting without any Limitation of Period of Service, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (B.); and if fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall take the faid Oaths, then fuch Juftice or Chief Magiftrate fhall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand the inlifting and fwearing, together with the Place of the Birth, Age and Calling, if known, of fuch Perfon or Perfons in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (C.), if the Oath in the Form marked (A.) fhall have been taken, and in the Form marked (D.), if the Oath in the Form marked (B.) fhall have been taken, except in the cafe of Recruits inlNled to ferve either in His Majefty’s Troops, or in the Forces of the Eajl India Company, according as His Majefty fhall think fit, in purfuance of an Aft palled in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His Majefty, intituled yin Ad for better recruiting the Forces of the Eaft India Company, in which cafe every fuch Recruit fhall, inftead of the faid Oath of Fidelity, and of the Oath contained in the Schedule (A.) or (B.) to this Aft annexed, take the Oath of Allegiance direfted by the faid Aft of the Thirty ninth of Hia Majefty, and contained in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (E.) 5 and the Jufticc or Chief Magiftrate fhall certify fuch Inlift-ment and Swearing accordingly in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (F.) ; and except alfo in the cafe of Recruits inlifted for the fpecial Purpofe of ferving in the Eajl Indies, in the Forces of the Eajl India Company only, in purfuance of an Aft palled in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His Majefty, intituled An A3 to amend Two Ads relating to the raffing Men for the Service of the Eaft India Company, and the quartering and billctting fuch Men; and to Trials by Regimental Courts Martial, in which cafe every ftich Recruit fhall, inftead of the faid Oath of Fidelity, take the Oath direfted to be taken by the faid Aft, of the Fiftieth Year of His prefent Majefty aforefaid, and contained in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (G.), and inftead of the Oath of Service

contained

 C^ooQLe

A.D.1813.

53°GEO. III.

C. 17.

89

contained in the Schedule (A.) or (B.) to this Aft annexed, (hall, take the Oath direfted to he taken by. the faid recited Afct of the Fiftieth Year aforefaid, and contained in the -Schedule to this-Aft annexed, marked (H.), and the Juftice or Magiftrate (hall certify ftich Inliftment and Swearing accordingly, in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (1.) 5 and if any fuch Perfon or Perfons, fo to be certified, fhMl wilfully -refufe to take the faid Oath of Fidelity before the faid Juftice or Chief Magiftrate* it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Officer, from whom he has received fiich Money as aforefaid, to detain and confine fuch Perfon or Perforts until he or they (hall take the faid Oath of Fidelity ; and every Military Officer that (hall aft contrary hereto, or offend herein, ftiall incur the like Penalty and Forfeiture as is by this Aft to be inflifted upon any Officer for making a falfe and untrue Mufter; and the Penalty and Forfeiture (hall be levied and recovered in the fame manner a9 any Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Aft to be levied or recovered : Provided always, that every Non Commiffioned Officer or Private Soldier who (hall inlift any Recruit, (hall at the time of fuch inlifting enquire the Chriftian and Surname and Place of Abode of-fuch Recruit, and either take the fame down in Writing, or give the fame to the Non Commiffioned Officer commanding the Recruit-ing Party to be fo taken down : Provided alfo, ‘that it (hall be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace to difeharge any Perfon who (hall have haftily inlifted, and who (hall apply to him to declare his Diffent within fuch Four Days as aforefaid, upon Payment of the Sum of Money required to be paid by any Recruit declaring his Diffent under this Aft, notwithftanding no Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer dr Private Soldier belonging to the Recruiting Party (hall be with the Recruit, if it (hall appear to fuch Magiftrate upon the Examination of fuch Recruit, or if any other Perfon, that the Recruiting Party has left the Place where fuch Recruit was inlifted, or that fuch Recruit could not procure any Non Commiffioned Officer belonging to fuch Party to go with fuch Recruit before the Juftice of the Peace ; and the Sum paid by fuch Recruit upon his Difeharge {hail be kept by tne Juftice of the Peace, and paid when demanded to any Perfon belonging to the Recruiiing Party entitled thereto demanding the fame : Provided always, that in every cafe wherein any Perfon (hall have received inlifting Money, and (hall have ab-fconded or have abfented himfelf from the Party as aforefaid, fo that it (hall not be poffible immediately to apprehend him, and bring him before a Magiftrate, the Officer or Non Commiffioned Officer commanding the Party (hall produce to the Magiftrate before whom the Recruit would regularly have been brought for Attefta-tion, a Certificate of the Name and Place of Refidenceof fuch Perfon, and the Magiftrate to whom the Certificate (hall be produced {hall, after fatisfying himfelf that the Perfon who had ablconded cannot be found and apprehended, tranfmit a Duplicate thereof to His Ma-jefty*6 Secretary at War, or if in Ireland the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary as aforefaid, in order that in the Event of fuch Perfon being afterwards apprehended and reported as a Deferter, the Fafts of his having received inlifting Money, and having abfeonded, may be afeertained, before he be finally adjudged to be a Deferter as having been duly inlifted.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enafted. by the Authority aforefaid, That If any Perfon or Perfons (hall receive the iulifting Money

from

Penalty.

Name and Ro-lidence of Recruits taken down.

Juftices may difeharge Perfons haitily inlilting themt'elves, on paying inlilting Money.

Magiftrate* to tranfmit to Secretary at War Duplicates of Certificates of Name and Re-fidence of Pcr-(ons receiving in-lifting Money, and abfeonding.

Perfons receiv-ing iulifting





Money and ab-

fcfending, *cc. deemed inlifted.

C.17.

53* GEO. HI.

A.D.1619.

Ferfon* concealing Infirmities on inlifting tranf-ferred to Garri-fon, Veteran or Invalid Battalions, or Marines*

Ferfont malting falfe Repiefenta-tions for Purpofe of obtaining Bounty, guilty of obtaining Money under falfe Pretences. 30 Qi, 2*024.

from any foch Officer, Non Commtflioned Officer, Private feoldkr, ot other Perfon employed on the Recruiting Service (knowing it to be fuch), and (hall abfeond, or refufe to go before fuch Juft ice or Chief Magiftrate, or if any Perfon having received any fuch inlifting Moisey as aforefaid, (hall thereafter abfent bimfe’f from the Recruiting Party with which he inlifted, or Perfon with whom he inlifted, and (hall not voluntarily return to fuch Recruiting Party or Perfon inlifting him, to go before fume Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate, under th# Provifiont of this A6fc, within fuch Period of Four Days aforefaid* fuch rerfon (hall be deemed to be inlifted, and a Soldier in His Ma-jefty's Service, as fully to all Intents and Purpofes as if be had Been duly attefted, and may be apprehended and punifhed as a De* ferter, or for being abfent without Leave under any Articles of War made for Puniihment of Mutiny and Defertion; nor (hall any fuch Perfon who (hall not have remained with, or who (hall not have returned to fuch Recruiting Party or Perfon inlifting him as afore* faid, be entitled to be difeharged or be difeharged by any Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate after the Expiration of fuch Four Days as aforefaid, unlefs it (hall be proved to the Satisfa&ion of fuch Juftice of the Peace that the true Name and Refidence of the Perfon inlifted was difclofed and known to the Recruiting Parly# and that no Notice was given to the Perfon inlifted or left at his lad ufual Place of Abode of his having fo inlifted,

LXXXIX. And be it further enadled, That any Perfon who (hall inlift into His Majefty’s Forces, and who (hall be difeovered to be incapable of adlive Service, by reafon of any Infirmity which (haH have been concealed by fuch Perfon, or not declared before the Juf«* tice of the Peace at the time of his Atteftation, and mentioned at the Foot thereof, may be transferred into any Garrifon or Veteran or Invalid Battalion, or into His Majefty’s Marine Forces, notwithftaod# mg he (hall have inlifted for any particular Regiment; any thing in any Adi or Adis of Parliament, or any Rules and Regulations re* lating to Soldiers, to the contrary notwithftanding*

XC. And be it further enadted, That any Perfon who (hall know* ingly, wilfully and defignedly make any falfe Reprefeutation of any Particular contained in the Oaths reipedlively marked (A.) and (B-) and Certificates marked (C.) and (D,) in the Schedule to this A& refpedlively contained and annexed, before the Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate at the time of his Atteftation, finr the Pui> pofe of obtaining and (hall obtain any inlifting Money or any Bounty For entering into His Majefty’s Service, or any other Money, (hall be deemed guilty of obtaining Mouey under falfe Pretences, within the true Intent and Meaning of an Adt patted in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, intituled Am A3 for the more ejfeftual Punifhment of Perfons who Jhall attain or attempt to attain Pojfeffton of Goode or Money by fetife or untrue Pre* fencej ; for preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods ; for the emfy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Public Houfes, by journeyman. Labourers» Servants and apprentices $ and the Prod&dlion of fucb Certificate, and Proof of the Hand-writing ot the Juftice of the Peace giving fu£h Certificate, (bail be fuf&cient Evidence of fuch Party having represented the feveral Particulars contained in the Oath fwom by him, and fpecified in the Certificate of the Juftice at the time of his infilling.

|	*	«	XCJ,	An4

“N

 CjOOQle

A(D« iS i

53* GEO. IIL

C.17.	51

4 XCT. And whereas various Perfons are in the Habit of advert

* tiling for Recruits for Regiments of the Line, the Militia, and for

4 the Service of the Honourable the Eafl India Company, and alio

4 under Pretence of procuring Subftitutes for the fame, to the great

4 Detriment of the Service;’ Be it therefore further ena&ed, That Advertiftn* 'or

all Perfons whatever who (hall, after the paffmg of this A A, adver- Reciurts autho-

tife, pod or difperfe Bills for the Purpofe 0? procuring Recruits r“e<1*

or Subftitutes in any manner whatever, without the exprefs Permiffion

in Writing of the Adjutant General, if for the Line or Militia,

or of the Court of Diredors, if for the Honourable Eafl India

Company’s Service, or receive any Recruit as aforefaid at his Houfe

or Office under any fuch Bill or Advertjfement, (hall forfeit the

Sum of Twenty Pounds for every fuch Offence, to be recovered Penalty,

on Convi&ion before Two Magiftrates, One Moiety to the Informer

and the other to the Poor of the Parifli where fuch Information (hall

be laid, and on Default thereof (hall be committed to the Common

Gaol or other public Prifon, at the Difcretion of the Magiftrates,

for any Period not exceeding Three Months, and not lefs than One Imprifonment.

Month for each and every fuch Offence.

XCII. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon duly bound Apprentices iti-gs an Apprentice (hall inlift as a Soldier in His Maiefty’s Land Ser* liitiugthem-vice, and (hall ftate to the Juftice of the Peace, or Magiftrate before fcive8, whom he (hall be carried, that he is not an Apprentice, every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being thereof duly convi&ed, (hall be and is hereby declared to be fubje& and liable to be imprifoned in any Gaol or Houfe of Corre&ion, and kept to hard Labour for Two Years, PuniOraKirt, may be indi&ed and punifhed for obtaining Money under falfe Pretences under the Provifions of the faid recited A& of the Thirtieth 30 G. a. c.a^ Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, and (hall, after the Expiration of his Apprenticeihip, whether fuch Perfon (hall have been fo convi&ed and puniflied or not, be liable to ferve as a Soldier in any Regiment of His Majefty *s Regular Porccs ; and if, on the Expiration of his Apprenticed)ip. he (hall not deliver himfelf to i'ome Officer authorized to receive Recruits, f»ay be ta^en as a Deferter from His Majefty’s Forces.

XCIII. And be it further ena&ed. That no Mafter in England Matters in Engy (hall be intitled to claim any Apprentice, who (hall, after the paffing kud in whac cati| of this A&, inlift as a Soldier in His Majefty’s Land Service, uulefs rotenmL-d to fuch Apprentice (hall have been bound to him in England for the	iTrtn:

full Term of Seven Years, not having been above the Age of Four-	J

teen when fo bound $ and if In Ireland for the full Term of Five Years at the leaft, not having been above the Age of Sixteen when fo bound, and uulefs fuch Mafter (hall, within One Calendar Month after fuch Apprentice (hall have abfeonded or left his Service, go before fuch Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate, and before fuch Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule oath, to this A& annexed, marked (G.}, and produce the Certificate of fuch Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate of his having taken fuch Oath, which Certificate fuch Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate is hereby required to give in the Form in the Schedule tq this A& an. pexed, marked (L.J.

XCIV. And be it further ena&ed. That no Mafter in Scotland How Mailers iq (hall be entitled to claim any Apprentice who (hall, after the paffing Scotland (hall gf this A&t hdift as a Soldier in His Majefty’* Land Service, unleis proceed to re.

fuch





fpt	53°	GEO.	IIL	A.D.	i8iy.

cover Apprentices.

Matters in Scotland, in what cafe not precluded from claiming Apprentices.

52 G. 3. c.22. §85.

Matters of Apprentices inlying confentng, entitled to receive Part of Bounty Money.

Apprentices claimed by Matters carried be foie a Juttice and committed.

fiich Apprentice (hall have been bound to him for the full Term of at lead Four Years by a regular Contra# or Indenture of Apprent ticefhip, duly extended, figned and tefted, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland, prior to the Period of Inliftment, and unlefs fuch Contra# or Indenture fo duly executed, fhall, within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship, and before the Period of Inliftment, have been produced to a Juftice of the Peace of the County wherein the Parties refide, and there (hall have been indorfed thereon by fuch Juftice a Certificate or Declaration figned by him, fpecifying the Date when, and the Perfon by whom fuch Contra# or Indenture (hall have been fo produced, which Certificate or Declaration fuch Juftice of the Peace is hereby required to indorfe and fign, and unlefs fuch Apprentice (hall, when claimed by fuch Mafter, be under Twenty one Years of Age, and unlefs fuch Mafter (hall, within. One Calendar Month after fuch Apprentice (hall have abfeonded or left his Service, go before fome Juftice of the Peace, and before fuch Juftice of the Peace take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this A# annexed, marked (K.), and produce the Certificate of fuch Juftice of the Peace of his having taken fuch Oath, which Certificate fuch Juftice of the Peace is hereby required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this A# annexed, marked (L.).

XCV. Provided always, and be it further ena#ed, That no Mailer in Scotland (hall be precluded from claiming any Apprentice who (hall hereafter inlift, by reafon of the Contra# or Indenture not having been produced to a Juftice of the Peace in the manner dire#ed by the A# of the laft Sefiion of Parliament, intituled An Ad for funijhing Mutiny and Defcrtion ; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within the time therein limited, provided the fame (hall be produced to any Juftice of the Peace of the County wherein the Parties refide, and be indorfed as therein dire#ed, at any time within Three Months after the paffing of this A#.

XCVI. And be it further ena#ed, That any Mafter of any Apprentice who (hall have inlifted as a Soldier in His Majefty’s Land Forces (hall, upon his confenting to give up the Indentures of Apprenticefhip within One Month after the inlifting of fuch Apprentice as a Soldier, be entitled to receive to his own Ufe fo much of the Bounty payable to fuch Recruit, after deduding therefrom Two Guineas, which (hall be referred in order to provide the faid Recruit with Neceffaries, as (hall not have been paid to fuch Recruit before Notice given of his being an Apprentice.

XCV 11. And be it further ena#ed, That no Apprentice, who (hall be claimed by his Mafter, (hall be taken from the Regiment, Troop or Recruiting Party, with which he mall be, but under a Warrant granted by fome Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate of the County, Stevrartry, Riding, Divifion, City, Liberty or Place, and refiding near to the Place where fuch Apprentice (hall happen to be when lo claimed 5 and it (hall be lawful for fuch Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate, and fuch Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate is hereby required, on Proof on Oath of Notice having been given to the Officer commanding the Regiment or Troop or Company or the Recruiting Party with which fuch Apprentice (hall then be, or fome Non Com.-miilioned Officer of fuch Recruiting Party, of fuch Warrant, and that a Copy thereof has been left with fuch Officer or Non Commit

14	fioned



93

AD. 1813«	53°	GEO.	III.	C.	17.

fioned Officer, and of fuch Perfon being an Apprentice, and having

cnlifted and declared that he was no Apprentice, and on Produdlion and Proof of the Indenture of Apprenticeffiip, to commit fuch Perfon fo offending as aforefaid, if required fo to do by fuch Officer or Non Commillioned Officer as aforelaid, to the Common Gaol of the County, Stewartry, Riding, Diviiion, City, Liberty or Place, where fuch Perfon fhall be at the time when he (hall be fo claimed by his laid Mailer, there to remain until he fhall be difeharged by due Courfe of Law, or, if not fo required, to deliver fuch Apprentice to his Mailer.

XCVIII. And be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful for the Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate, fo refiding near to the Place where the Apprentice fhall be claimed as aforefaid, except in Scotland, as hereinafter mentioned, before whom fuch Perfon fo offending (hall be fo taken as aforefaid, to examine into the Matters alleged againll fuch Perfon upon Oath, and which Oath the faid Magiftrate is hereby empowered to adminifter; and alfo to keep iu his Cuftody the Indenture of Apprenticeffiip, to be produced as Occafion fhall require, and to bind over the Mailer claiming fuch Perfon, and any other Perfons he may think proper, to give Evidence at the General or Quarter Seffions of the Peace, or Seffion of Oyer and Terminer, at which the Trial of fuch Perfon is hereinafter dire6ted to be had, againft fuch Perfon fo offending; and the Produ&ion of fuch Indenture of Ap-prenticefhip, with the Certificate of the Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate that the fame was proved before him, (hall be fufficient Evidence of fuch Indenture of Apprenticeffiip.

XCIX. And be it further ena&cd, That every fuch Offender, except in Scotland, as hereinafter mentioned, may and fhall be tried at the General or Quarter Seflions of the Peace, or Seffions of Oyer and Terminer for the County, Riding, Divifion, City, Liberty or Place, wherein the Offence charged (hall have been committed, next after fuch Offender’s being brought before fuch Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate as aforefaid, or the Seffions immediately fucceeding fuch next Seffions, unlefs the Court fhall think fit to put off the Trial on juft Caufe.

C. And be it enaded. That every fuch Offender in Scotland (hall and may be tried by the Judge Ordinary in fuch County or Stewartry, in fuch and the like manner as any Perfon may be tried in Scotland for any Offence not inferring a Capital Punilhment.

CL And be it further enadted, That every Gaoler to whom any Notice fhall have been given that any Perfon in his Cuftody for any Offence is a Soldier liable to ferve His Majefty on the Expiration of his Imprifonment, fhall give One Month’s Notice to the Secretary at War, or if in Ireland to the Chief Secretary, or in his Abfence to the Under Secretary for the Military Department, before the Day on which the Imprifonment of fuch Perfon will expire, according to his Commitment or Sentence, of the Period of Expiration of fuch Imprifonment.

Cl I. Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded, That no Perfon whatever except an Apprentice, who has inlifted or fhall inlift himfelf into His Majefty’s Service as a Soldier as aforefaid, fhall be liable to be arrefted or taken out of His Majefty’s Service, by reafon of the Warrant of any Magiftrate or Magiftiates, on account <of any Breach of Contract or Engagement to ferve or*work for any Mafter or Employer what foever.

CIII. Pro-

J uftices to examine unon O ah, and to keep Indenture to bv produced on Trial.

Offenders tried at next Quarter Setfions,

in Scotland by J udge Ordinary.

Gaolers to give previous Notice to Secretary at War, &c of Expiration of Imprifonment of Soldiers.

No Perfon except Apprentice liable to be taken out of Service, for Breach of Contract.

digitized by 

94

In what cafr Servants entitled to Wages op to lima of milling.

Where Corp* beyond 9e»a relieved m or4er to return Home, fucb of the Men as choofe may inlift, 6cq,

$oldi<»r« entitled to Ditcbarpe, Cent Home free pf Expencc, and have Cond' ft and Marching Money Home.

Juftiopf may tummii Defter-terib

C17.	5j°GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

CIII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if any Per-fon who (hall have been hired to ferve any Mailer for a Year or other-wife, (hall, before the Expiration of his Term of Service under fuch Hiring, inlift into His Majefty’s Service, fuch Perfon (hall be entitled to fuch Proportion of Wages as the Magiftrate (hall think proper from his Mafter, for the time he has actually ferved under fuch Hiring, notwithftanding he (hall have failed, in confequertce of fuch inlifting, in completing the full Term of Service agreed for under fuch Hiring.

CIV. And be it further enabled. That when and as often as any Regiment or Company fhall be relieved at any Statin* or Pfoee beyond the Seas, in order to their Return to Great Britain or Ireland, it (hall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers thereunto authorized by the Officer commanding in Chief at fuch Station or Place refpec-tively, to inlift as many of the Soldiers belonging to fuch Regiment or Company, returning to Great Britain or Ireland, as (hall be willing, and who (hall appear to be fit for Service, and to incorporate them in any Regiment or Company which (hall be appointed to rema n; and every Soldier fo infilled (hall be and is hereby deemed to be difeharged from the Regiment or Company in which he before ferved ; and the Occafion of his quitting fuch former Corps (hall be recited in the infilling Certificate ; a Duplicate, or an attelled Copy whereof, fhall be delivered to fuch Soldier, to proteCl him from being any ways molefted upon Sufpicion of his having deferted.

Cv. And be it further enaCted, That every Soldier entitled to his Difcharge under any Orders or Regulations made by Hii Majefty, or upon the Expiration of any Period for which he (hail have engaged to ferve, (hall, if then ferving abroad, be fent to Great Bri-tain or Ireland free of Expence, and, on his Return be entitled to and have and receive Marching Money from the Place of his being landed to the Parilh Or Place in which he (hall have been originally infilled, at the Rate per Diem fixed for victualling Soldiers on the March, reckoning Ten Miles for each Day’s March ; and every Soldier fo entitled to his Difcharge, who (hall be difeharged at any Place iu the United Kingdom other than that in which he (hall have been attefted, (hall be entitled to the like Marching Money* from the Place of his Difcharge to the Place of his Attcftation at aforefaid.

* CVI. And whereas feveral Soldiers, being duly lifted, do afterwards defert, and are often found wandering, or ©therwife abfent-ing themfelves illegally from His Majelly*s Service/ it is hereby further enaCied, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Conftable, Headborough or Tithingman of the Town or Place where any Perfon who may be reafonably UffpeCted to be fuch a Defrner (hall be found, or for any Officer or Soldier in His Majefty’s Service, to apprehend or caufe fuch fufpe&ed Perfon to be apprehended, and to bring or Caufe him to be brought before any Juftice cf the Peace, living in or near fuch Town or Place, who hath hereby Power to examine fuch fufpeCted Perfon ; and if by his Confeffion, or the Teftimony of One or more Witnefs or Witnefies upon Oath, or by the Know* ledge of fuch Juftice of the Peace, it (nail appear or be found that fuch fufpeCted Perfon is a lifted Soldier, and ought to be with the Troop or Company to which he belongs, fuch Juftice of the Peace fliall forthwith caufe hifn to be conveyed to the Gaol of the CoonTj^or

 CjOOQle

95

AJLiStj.	j3*GEO.	IIL	C17.

Place where he (hall he found, or the Houfe of Corre&ion, or other public Prifon in fuch Town or Place where foch Deferter (hall be apprehended 5 or to the Savoy, in cafe fuch Deferter (hall be apprehended within the City of London or Wefhmnjler, or Places adjacent; or to the Proroft Marfhal in cafe fuch Deferter (hall be apprehended within tbe City or Liberties of Dublin, or Places adjacent, and transmit an Account thereof in the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this ACt marked (N.), to the Secretary at War for the time being in London; or if the Deferter be apprehended in /rr-land, to the Chief Secretary to the Chief Governor or Governor* thereof, to the end that fuch Perfon may be removed by an Order from the Office of the faid Secretary at War, or Chief Governor or Governors, and proceeded againtt according to Law ; and the Keeper Keepers of of every Gaol, Houfe of Correction or Prifon, in which fuch De-	00

ferter (hall at any time be confined, (hall receive fuch Subfiftence for the Maintenance of fuch Deferter during the time that he (hall coo~ tjnue in his Cuilody, as by His Majefty’s Regulations is or {hall from time to time be aircCted in that Behalf; and the Keeper of every Gaol, Houfe of Correction or other public Prifon of the City, Town or Place, at or in which the Party or Perfon conveying fuch Deferter (hall halt on the March, (hall, and he is hereby required to receive and confine every fuch Deferter, who (hall be delivered into his Charge and Cuftody by any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier who (hall be conveying fuch Deferter under any lawful Order, Wary rant or Authority, while on the Road from the Place where he was apprehended, to the Place to which he is to be conveyed, without any other Warrant or Authority for fo doing than the Production of the Warrant of the Juftice of the Peace, on which fuch Deferter (hall have born taken, or fome Order from the Office of the Secretary at War, or of the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and (ball bo entitled to One Shilling for the fafe Cuftodv of the faid Deferter, Fee, while the Party or Perfon conveying him (hall halt on the March; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary not with (landing.

CVII. And, for the better Encouragement of any rerfon or Reward for t*lo* Perfons to fecure or apprehend fuch Deferters from His Majefty’s in$ upDderur.^ Service, be it further enaCted by the Authority aforefaid, That fuch Juftioe of the Peace (hall alfo iffue his Warrant in Writing to the Collector or Collectors of the Land Tax Money of the Parifti or Townihip in Gnat Britain, where any Deferter (hall be fo committed, or in Ireland, to the Collector or Collectors of His Majefty’t Revenue io the DiftriA where any Deferter (hall be fo committed, for paying out of the Land Tax Money or Revenue arifen or to arife in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, into the Hands of fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall apprehend, or caufe to be apprehended* any Deferter from His Majcity's Service, the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every fuch Deferter as (hall be apprehended* and committed; which Sum of Twenty Shillings (hall be fatisfied by fuch Collector or Collectors to whom fuch Warrant (hall be directed, and allowed upon his or their Account.

CVUI. And be it further cnaacd, That aDy Perfon who (hall voluntarily furrender or deliver himfelf up as a Deferter from any xJef^ite/dcem^ Regiment' or Corps of His Majefty’s Regular or Militia Forces, or «d duly inluled. who upon being apprehended for Defertion or any other Offence, frail in the Presence of the Magi it rate confefs himfelf to beNa Deferter

from





0

Concealing De-lc iters.

Penalty.

Receiving Arms, fa. of Soldiers or Deferters,

Sc:.

Penalty.

Buying Oats, Hay or Forage provided lor His Majelly’s Service.

Penalty.

Diftrefc.

C.i7t	53°GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

from any fuch Regiment or Corps, (hall Sc deemed to hare been duly inlifted, and to be 3 Soldier, and (hall be liable to ferve in any fuch Regiment or Battalion or Corps of His Majefty’s Forces, as His Majefty (hall think fit to appoint, whether fuch Perfon (hall have been ever a&ually inlifted as a Soldier or not.

CIX. Provided always, and be it enaded. That if any Perfon (hall harbour, conceal or affift any Deferter from His Majefty’s Service, knowing - him to be fuch, the Perfon fo offending (hall forfeit for every' fuch Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and upon Conviction, by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or WitnefTes, before any of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace, the faid Penalty of Twenty Pounds (hall be levied, by Warrant under the Hand of fuch Juftice of the Peace* by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the OfFender, One Moiety of the faid Penalty to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Colonel or other Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which any fuch Deferter did belong ; and in cafe, any fuch Offender, who (hall be convicted as aforefaid of harbouring, concealing or affifling any fuch Deferter, (hall not have fufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Diftrefs may be made, to the Value of the Penalty awarded again ft him or her for fuch Offence, or (hall not pay fuch Penalty within Four Days after fuch Cotivi&ion; then and in fuch cafe fuch Juilice of the Peace (hall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, commit fuch Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of Six Months ; Provided alfo, that if any Perfon (hall knowingly detain, buy or exchange, or otherwife receive from, any Soldier or Deferter, or any other Perfon, upon any Account or Pretence whatfoever, any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture, belonging to the King, or any Meat, Drink, Beer or other Proyifion provided under any Regulations relating thereto, or any fuch Articles belonging to any Soldier or Deferter, as are generally deemed Regimental Neceffaries, according to the Cuftom of the Army, being-provided for the Soldier, and paid for by Deductions out of his Pay, or caufe the Colour of any fuch Clothes to be changed, the Perfon fo offending (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Five Pounds ; or if any Perfon (hall buy or receive any Oats, Hay, Straw or other Forage, provided for the Ufe of any Horfe or* Horfes belonging to His Majefty’s Service, from any Dragoon or other Soldier, knowing him to be fuch, or (hall move, procure counfel, folicit or entice any Dragoon or other Soldier, knowing him to be fuch, to fell or otherwife difpofe of any fuch Oats, Hay, Straw or other Forage as aforefaid, the Perfon fo offending (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Five Pounds; and upon Con-viftion, by the Oath of One or more credible Witncfs or Witneffes, before any of His Majcfty’s Juftices of the Peace, the faid rc-fpe£tive Penalties of Five Pounds, and Five Pounds, (hall be levied by Warrant under the Hand of fuch Jufiicc of the Peace, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender,. One Moiety of the faid firft mentioned Penalty of Five Pounds to be paid to the Informer,- and One Moiety of the faid laft mentioned Penalty of Five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, and the Rcfidue of the faid refpeCtive Penalties to be paid to the Colonel or other Officer commanding the Regiment or Corpa

to





97

AJD.t8i3'

530 GEO. HI.

to which any fuch Defertcr or Soldier did belong; and in cafe Receivers,Ac.

any fuch Offender who (hall be convidted as aforelaid, of having

knowingly received any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture

belonging to the King, or any fuch Meat, Drink, Beer or other

Proviftons, or any fuch Articles generally deemed Regimental

Neceffaries, or of having caufed the Colour of fuch Clothes to be

changed, or of having bought or received any Oats, Hay, Straw or

other Forage, provided for the Ufe of any Horfe or Horfes belonging

to His Majefty's Service from any Dragoon or other Soldier, knowing

him to be fuch, or of having moved, procured, counfclled, folicitea

or enticed any Dragoon or other Soldier, knowing him to be fuch,

to fell or otherwife difpofe of any fuch Oats, Hay, Straw or other

Forage as aforefaid, contrary to the Intent of this Adi, (hall not

have fufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Diftrefs may be made

to the Value of the Penalties recovered againft him or her for fuch

Offence, or (hall not pay Inch Penalties upon fuch Convidtion, or give

fufficient Security for Payment thereof within the Space of Four

Days from fuch Convidtion, then and in fuch cafe fuch Juftice

of the Peace (hall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and

Seal, either commit fuch Offender to the Common Gaol, there Imprifonmert.

to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of Three

Months, or caufe fuch Offender to be publicly or privately whipped

at the Difcretion of fuch Juftice.

CX. Provided always, That no Commiflioned Officer (hall break Officer breaking open any Houfe to fearch for Defertcrs, without Warrant from a °?en Ho^e Juftice of the Peace; and that every Commiffion Officer who (hall ^t<cut #r" without Warrant from One or more of His Majefty's Juftices of the Peace (which faid Warrants the faid Juftice or Juftices are hereby empowered to grant), forcibly enter into or break open the Dwelling Houfe or Out Houfes of any Perfon whomfoever, under Pretence of fearching for Dcferters, (hall, upon due Proof thereof, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

‘ CXI. And whereas Soldiers, abfent from their Regiments on Penalty.

4 Furlough granted to them by their Commanding Officers, are.

«• fometimes prevented by Sicknefs or other unavoidable Cafualty from

*	returning to their Duty before the Expiration of the time limited 4 by fuch Furlough, and Doubts have arifen whether in fuch cafes « the Extenfion of a Soldier's Furlough by a Juftice of the Peace

*	be fandtioned by legal Authority, and effedtual for preventing

*	fuch Soldier from being apprehended upon Stlfpicion of his having

4 deferted his Regiment Be it further enacted, That any In- Jufliccsmry fjpe6ting Field Officer ftationed on the Recruiting Service, or any grant an Exten-Officer of the Rank of Captain, or of fuperior Rank, or any fion of Furlough Adjutant of Local Militia, ftationed within the Diftrict, or in cale	3,1 y .?ic n .

there be no fuch Officer as aforefaid within a convenient Diftance, o{fo™Vr°SoI-that any Juftice of the Peace may, and he is hereby authorized dier applying for to grant, in Writing under his Hand, an Extenfion of Furlough the fume on to any Non Commiflioned Officer or Soldier applying for the flrne, account of Sicken account of Sicknefs or other Cafualty, which (hall, on due ne(<»&c* Enquiry, appear to render fuch Extenfion neccflary; and that every fuch Officer or Juftice of the Peace, who (hall grant to any Non Commiflioned Officer or Soldier an Extenfion of Furlough as aforefaid, (hall immediately certify the fame, with the caufe of its being fo granted, to the Agent of the Regiment to which fuch

53 Geo. III.

H

Non





08

C. 17.

530 GEO. III.

AJX1813.

Prorlfo.

lufticcs of Peace granting Exten-lion of Furlough, empowered to order Parilh Officers to advance Pay to Soldiers.

Re-imburfed by Collectors ef Excife.

Agents of Regi. menu to refiay

Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier (hall belong; and that fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, during the Period to which his Furlough (hall have been fo extended as aforefaid, (hall not be liable to be apprehended or otherwife molefted on the ground of hig having deierted the Regiment to which he (hall appear by hi* Furlough to belong, or of criminally abfenting himfelf from the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained (hall be con It rued to exempt any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier, whofe Furlough lhall have been fo extended as aforefaid, from being proceeded againft and punilhed according to the Provifion* of this Ad, fhould it thereafter appear that fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier had obtained the Extenlion of his Furlough by falfe Reprefentation made to fuch Officer or Jullice of the reace as aforelaid, or in applying for and obtaining the fame had committed any Offence to the Prejudice of good Order and Military Difcipline : Provided alfo, that no fuch Furlough (hall be extended by any Juffice of the Peace for any longer Period than One Month, unlefs with the Approbation of the General Officer commanding in the Diftrid where fuch Soldier (hall be.

CXI I. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That in all cafes in which any Extenfion of Furlough (hall be granted as aforefaid in England, and upon the Requeff of any fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier to whom the fame (hall be granted, it (hall be lawful for the Juffice of the Peace granting the fame, or where the fame (hall be granted by any fuch Officer as aforefaid, for any Juffice of the Peace, upon the Produdion of a Certificate in Writing from fpeh Officer, which he is hereby required to give, to make an Order in Writing, in the Form in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, marked (O.), under his Hand, upon the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the Parilh, Townlhip or Place wherein fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier (hall refide, requiring them to pay to fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier any Sum of Mouey direded in fuch Order, not exceeding what the Pay of fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier would amount to for the Period to which fuch Furlough (hall be extended as aforefaid ; fuch Juffice of the Peace taking particular Care to (late upon the Furlough in Words the Amount fo direded by him to be paid, and the Periods from and to which the fame has been ordered to be iffued, both inclufive, corroborating the Statement by his Signature, and further, (pecifying upon the Order to the Parilh Officer the Date of the Furlough origiually granted, and the Name of the Commanding Officer by whom figned ; and the fame fo authorized (hall be paid accordingly, upon Produdion and Delivery to him of fuch Order, by any fuch Parifh Officer out of any Money in his Hands applicable to the Relief of the Poor 5 and the Sum fo advanced by fuch Parilh Officer (hall, upon the Produdion and Delivery of fuch Order to the Colledor of Excife of the Diftrid within which fuch Parifh, Townlhip or Place (hall be fituated, or any Perfonr officiating for fuch Colledor, be repaid to fuch Parilh Officer, to be applied to the Relief of the Poor* by fuch Colledor of Excife or other Perfon out of any public Monies in his Hands, and the fame (hall be allowed in his Accounts, and fuch Orders of Juffices (hall be taken as Cafh in the Payment of Duties of Excife received by him ; and all Sums of Money fo advanced out of any Duties of Excife (hall be repaid to the Account of

the

 LjOOQle

A.D.1813.	53*	GEO.	III.	* C.17.

the faid Duties by the Agents of the Regiments to which the Men to whom the fame (hall have been paid (nail j-efpedlively belong, to any Perfon or Perfons authorized by the Commifiioners of Excife in England, or any Three or more of them, to draw for and receive the fame : Provided always, that if any Juftice of Peace (hall not think fit to make fuch Order for paying any fuch Money as aforefaid, he (hall ftate his Reafons for fuch Retufal in Writing at the Back of the Furlough.

CXI If. Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed. That in all cafes in which any Extenfion of Furlough (hall be granted as aforefaid in Scotland, and upon the Requeft of any fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier to whom the fame (hall be granted, it (hall be lawful to the Juftice of the Peace granting the fame, or where the fame (hall be granted by any fuch Officer as aforefaid, for any Juftice of the Peace upon the Produ&ion of a Certificate in Writing from fuch Officer, which he is hereby required to give, to make an Order in Writing, under his Hand, upon the Collector of the Excife of the Diftridt wherein fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier (hall refide, or the Perfon officiating for fuch Colle&or, requiring him to pay to fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier any Sum of Money dire&ed in fuch Order, not exceeding what the Pay of fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier would amount to for the Period to which fuch Furlough (hall be extended as aforefaid ; fuch Juftice of the Peace taking particular Care to ftate upon the Furlough in Words the Amount fo directed by him to be paid, and the Periods from and to which the fame has been ordered to be iffued, both inclufive, corroborating the Statement by his Signature, and further fpecifying upon the Order to fuch Colle&or of the Excife, or other Perfon officiating for him, the Date of the Furlough originally granted, and the Name of the Commanding Officer by whom ugned, and the Sum fo authorized (hall be paid accordingly upon Produ&ion and Delivery to him of fuch Order by fuch Collector of Excife or other Perfon, out of any Public Monies in his Hands, and the fame (hall be allowed in his Accounts, and fuch Orders of Juftices (hall be taken as Cafh in the Payment of Duties of Excife received by him ; and all Sums of Money fo advanced out of any Duties of Excife (hall be repaid to the Account of the faid Duties by the Agents of the Regiments to which the Men to whom the fame (hall have been paid (hafi refpe&ively belong, to any Perfon or Perfons authorized by the Commiuioners of Excife in Scotland, or any Three or more of them, to draw for and receive the fame : Provided always, that if any Juftice of the Peace Jhail not think fit to make fuch Order for paying any fuch Money as aforefaid, he (hall ftate his Reafons for luch Refufal in Writing at the Bac{t of the Furlough.

CXIV. And, to prevent, as far as may be, any unjuft or fraudulent Arrefts that may be made' upon Soldiers, whereby His Majefty and the Public may be deprived of their Service, it is hereby further enaded by the Authority aforefaid, That no Perfon whatfoever, who is or (hall be lifted, or who (hall lift and enter himfelf as a Volunteer in His Majefty's Service as a Soldier, (hall be liable to be taken Out of His Majefty's Service by any Procefs or Execution whatfoever, other than for fome Criminal Matter, unlefs for a real Debt, or other juft Caufe of A&ion ; and unlefs, before the taking out of fuch Procefs or Execution (not being for a Criminal Matter), the Plaintiff or

H 2	Plantiffl

99

Money fo ad-vanced.

Provifo.

Juftices of Peace granting Extenfion of Furlough in Scotland empowered to order Collegers of Excife to advance Pay to. Soldiers.

Agents of Regiments to repay Money ad vanced.

Provifo.

Volunteer not liable to Procefs unlefs for fome Criminal Matter; or for D ebt ef sol.



JOO

Oath of Debt betWc a Judge.

Memorandum there* f marked •n Back of Proofs.

Pla'ntHT may file Common Appearance.

Confined for Debt, not to receive Pay.

CommH&ries upon making up Accounts, or

C. 17.	53= GEO. III.	A.D.i8ij*

Plaintiffs therein, or fome other Perfon or Perfons on his or their Behalf, (hall make Affidavit before One or more Judge or Judges of the Court of Record, or other Court, out of which fuch Procefs or Execution (hall iffue, or before fome Perfon authorized to take Affidavits in fuch Courts, that to his or their Knowledge the original Sum juftly due and owing to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs from the Defendant or Defendants, in the Aftion or Caufe of Aftion on which fuch Procefs fhall iffue, or the original Debt for which fuch Execution (hall be fued out, amounts to the Value of Twenty Pounds at leaft, over and above all Cofts of Suit in the fame Aftion, or in any other Aftion on which the fame fhall be grounded 5 a Memorandum of which Oath fhall be marked on the Back of fuch Procefs or Writ 5 for which Memorandum or Oath no Fee fhall be taken : And if any Perfon fhall neverthelefs be arrefted contrary to the Intent of this Aft, it fhall and may be lawful for One or more Judge or Judges of fuch Court, upon Complaint thereof made by the Party himfelf, or by any his fuperior Officer, to examine into the fame by the Oath of the Parties or otherwife, and by Warrant under his or their Hands and Seals, to difcharge fuch Soldier fo arrefted contrary to the Intent of this Aft, without paying any Fee or Fees, upon due Proof made before him or them, that fuch Soldier fo arrefted was legally inlifted as a Soldier in His Majefty’s Service, and arrefted contrary to the Intent of this Aft ; and alfo to award to the Party fo complaining fuch Cofts as fuch Judge or Judges fhall think reafonable 5 for the Recovery whereof he fhall have the like Remedy that the Perfon who takes out the faid Execution might have had for his Cofts, or the Plaintiff in the like Aftion might have had for the Recovery of his Cofts, in cafe Judgment had been given for him with Cofts againft the Defendant in the faid Aftion.

CXV. And, to the end that honeft Creditors who aim only at the Recovery of their juft Debts due to them from Perfons entering into and lifting in His Majefty's Service, may not be hindered from fuing for the fame, but on the contrary may be affifted and forwarded in their Suits; and inftead of an Arreft, which may at once hurt the Service, and occafion great Expence and Delay to themfelves, may be enabled to proceed in a more eafy and cheap Method, Be it further enafted by the’Authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, upon Notice firft given in Writing of the Caufe of Aftion to fuch Perlon or Perfons fo entered, or left at his or their laft Place of Refidence before fuch lifting, to file a Common Appearance in any Aftion to be brought for or upon account of any Debt whatfoever, fo as to entitle fuch Plaintiff to proceed therein to Judgment and Outlawry, and to have an Execution thereupon, other than againft the Body or Bodies of him or them fo lifted as aforefaid ; this Aft, or any thing herein, or any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwith Handing.

CXVI. And be it enafted by the Authority aforefaid. That, from the palling of this Aft, no Soldier being arrefted or confined for Debt in any Pnfon, Gaol or other Place, fhall be entitled to any Part of his Pay from the Day of fuch Arreft or Confinement, until the Day of his Return to the Regiment, Troop or Company to which he (hall belong.

CaVII. And be it further enafted, That all Commiffaries, upon making up their Accounts, and alfo upon returning from any Foreign

Service



101

a.d.i!i3

53* GEO. IIL

C. 17.

Service (hall take the Oath defcribed in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, marked (M.), which Oath, if taken in any Part of the United Kingdom, (hall be taken before fome Juftice of the Peace, or Magiftrate, and if taken on Foreign Service, before the Officer commanding in Chief, or the Second in Command, dr the Quarter Matter or Deputy Quarter Matter General, or any Affiftant Quarter Matter General of the Army to which he (hall be attached, who (hall refpe&ively have Power to adminitter the fame.

CXVIJI. And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid. That every Paymafter or other Commiffioned Officer of His Majefty’s Forces, or any Storekeeper, or Commiflary, or Deputy or Affiftant Commiffary, or other Perfon employed in the Com-miffariat Department, or in any manner in the Care or Diftribution of any Money, Provifions, Forage or Stores, belonging to His Mayefty's Forces, or for their Ufe, who (hall embezzle or fraudulently miUtpply, or caufe to be embezzled or fraudulently mifapplied, or (hall knowingly or wilfully permit or fuffer any Money, Provifions, Forage, Arras, Clothing, Ammunition or other Military Stores, to be embezzled or fraudulently mifapplied, or to be fpoiled or damaged, may be tried for the fame by and before a General Court Martial, and it (hall be lawful for fuch Court Martial to adjudge any fuch Paymafter, or other Commiffioned Officer, Storekeeper or Commiflary, or Deputy or Affiftant Commiffary, or other Perlon, to be tranfported as a Felon for Life, or for any certain Term of Years, or to fuffer fuch Puni/hment of Pillory, Fine, Imprifonment, Difmiffal from His Majefty’s Service, and Incapacity of ferving His Majefty in any Office Civil or Military, as any fuch Court (hall think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence, and every fuch Officer or Perfon (hall, in Addition to any other Pumfhment, make good, at hiB own Expence, the Lofs and Damage futtained which (hall have been afeertained by fuch Court Martial; and the Lofs and Damage fo afeertained as aforefaid may be recovered in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlmwjler, or in any other Courts of Law li3ving Jurifdi&ion, where any Perfon adjudged by a Court Martial to have incurred any fuch Penalties, or to make good any fuch Lodes or Damages, (hall be refident after the faid Judgment (hall be confirmed and made known ; and after the faid Sum (hall be recovered and levied, the fame (hall be applied and difpofed of as His Majefty (hall dire& and appoint.

CXIX. And be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid, That every Non Commifiion Officer who (hall be convi&ed, at a General or Regimental Court Martial, of having embezzled or mifapplied any Money with which he may have been entrulted, for the Payment of the Men under his Command, or for inlifting Men into His Majefty’s Service, (hall be reduced to ferve in the Ranks as a private Soldier, and be put under Stoppages until the Money be made good, and fuffer fuch Corporal Punifhment (not extending to Life or Limb) as the Court Martial (hall think fit.

CXX. And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid Twenty fourth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, no Paymafter General, or Pay-matter of the Army, Pavmafter of the Marines, Secretary at War, Commiflary, Mutter Matter, Paymafter of a Corps or Diftri&, or any other Officer whatfoever, or their Under Officers, (hall receive

H 3	any

returning from Foreign Service, to take Oath.

Officer?, Storekeepers, See. embezzling, kc. Military Store!, Sic. ttied by Court Martial.

Penalty.

How applied.

Non Commif-fion Officers embezzling Soldiers Pay, kc. reduced, &c.

No Paymafter, Scc. to make Deduction out of Officers or private Men’* Pay.





* 102

Rceptioo.

Treifury may Iflue out Moocy for Clothing every Six Months.

Paid to Perfous haring Alignments.

Paymafleri, Agents, Sec. detaining Pay.

Penalty.

Agents difobey-ing Orders.

Pirft Offence.

Second Offbncow

C.	GEO*III*	A*D.i8ij.

any Fees, or make any Deductions whatfoever, out of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier in His Majefty’s Army, or from their Agents, which (hall grow due from aud after the faid Twenty fourth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, other than the ufual Deductions allowed by His Majcfty’s Regulations; and fuch other neceffary Deductions as (hall from time to time be required to be made under any Aft of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made or direfted by His Majeity, under His Royal Sign Manual

CXXI. And, for the Encouragement of the due and well clothing of the Troops, be it hereby further enafted, That the Lord High Treafurer, or the Commiffioner6 of the Treafury for the time being, may, if he or they fee convenient, at the End of every’ Six Months, iflue the Money due for the Clothing of the feveral Regiments, T roops and Companies: And the Pay matter General for the time being is hereby direfted to notify the Receipt of the Money to the Secretary at War, who (hall immediately grant his Warrant for the* Payment of the Proper Sum or Sums to fuch Perfon or Perfons only as have a regular Affignment, from the Colonel or Commandant or Perfon authorized by him to make fuch Affignment.

CXXI1. And be it further enafted. That if any Paymafter Agent or Clerk of any Garrifon, Regiment, Troop or Company, Audi unlawfully detain or withhold, for the Space of One Month, the Pay of any Officer or Soldier (Clothes and all other juft Allowances being dedufted), after fuch Pay (hall be by him or them received 5 or if any Officers having received their Soldiers Pay, (hall refuie to pay each Non Commiflioned Officer and Soldier their refpeftive Pay when it (hall become due, according to the feveral Rates eftablifhed by H19 Majefty’s Orders, then upon Proof thereof before a Court Martial, as aforefaid, to be for that Purpofe duly held aud fummoned, every fuch Paymafter, Agent, Clerk or Officer, fo offending, (hall be difeharged from his Employment, and (hall forfeit to the Informer, upon Conviction before the faid Court, One hundred Pounds, to be ‘ levied as aforefaid, and the Informer, if a Soldier (if he demands it) (hall be and lie is hereby difeharged from any further Service; any thing in this Aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CXXIII. And, for enforcing a prompt Obfervance of the Rules and Orders eftablifhed, or to be eftablifhed for the due Appropriation of the Public Funds applicable to Army Services, and that a true and regular Account may be kept and rendered by the Agents of the feveral Garrilons, Regiments and Independent Troops and Companies, the faid Agents are hereby required and direfted to obferve fuch Orders and Directions as (hall from time to time be given by His Majefty, under His Sign Manual, or by the Secretary at War for the time being, by His Majeily’s Command, or by His Majefty’s Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or by the Lord Treafurer or Commiflioners of the Treafury for the time being ; and if any Agent (hall refufe or negleft to obferve and comply with fuch Orders and Direftions, he (hall for the firft Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Aftion of Debt or Information, for the Ufe of His Majefty ; and for the Second Offence be difeharged from his Employment as Agent of the Garrifon, Regiment, Battalion, Independent Troop or Company, in relation to which he (hall

have





A.D.i8i3*	53#GEO.III.	C.	17.	103

hive been guilty of fuch Offence, and be utterly difablcd to have or' hold fuch Employment thereafter.

4 CXXIV. And whereas great Inconvenience has arifen to His 1 Majefty’s Service from Perfons, not authorized Agents of Regi-4 ments, Troops or Companies, negotiating for the Purchafe and Sale 4 of Commiffions, and much larger Sums than are allowed by His 4 Majefty’s Regulations are often given and received for Commiffions,

• and great Frauds committed ;* Se it therefore enafted, That every Perfons atting at

Perfon not an authorized Agent of any Regiment, Troop or Com- Army Agents

pany, who (hall negotiate or aft as Agent for or in relation to the without Autho-

Purchafe or Sale of any Commiffion in His Majefty's Forces, and

alfo every authorized Agent as aforefaid, who (hall take, accept or

receive any Commiffion or Sum of Money, or Reward, for negotiating

the Purchafe or Sale of any fuch Commiffion, or afting as an Agent

in relation thereto, (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of One

hundred Pounds, and Treble the Sum which fhall be given or received

for or in relation to any fuch Commiffion, over and above the Sum Penalty.

allowed by His Majefty’s Regulations.

CXXV. Provided always, and be it enafted by the Authority Paymafter*, &c. aforefaid. That every prefent and future Paymafter, Agent or Clerk, account xrith of any Garrifon, Regiment, Troop or Company, who is or fhall be E*ccutori* liable to account with any of the Executors and Adminiftrators of every Officer or Soldier, for any of the Pay of fuch Officer or Soldier by him or them received, fhall, on reafonable Demand made by fuch Executor or Adminiftrator, deliver a juft and true Account to any fuch Executor or Adminiftrator of fuch Sum or Sums of Money as he or they fhall have fo refpeftively received for fuch Officer or Soldier, and for which they ought fo to account as aforefaid, fuch Executor or Adminiftrator paying for the fame, and fhall account with fuch Executor or Adminiftrator for the fame 5 and that every fuch Paymafter, Agent or Clerk, of any Garrifon, Regiment, Troop or Company, offending herein, (hall forfeit the like Penalties, and to Penalty, be recovered in like manner, as appointed by this Aft, for fuch Colonels or Agents not giving due Accounts of or for the Pay of the faid Officers or Soldiers, to and for fuch Officers and Soldiers them-felves.

* CXXVI. And whereas it may otherwife be doubted, whether 4 the Officers and Perfons ferving in the Royal Artillery, and thofe 4 hired to be employed in the Trains of Artillery, or the Officers 4 ferving in the Corps of Royal Engineers, or the Officers and Per-4 fons ferving in the Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftf-4 men, or the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers,

4 or the Mafter Gunners, and Gunners under the Ordnance, be within officers &c

4 the Intent and Meaning of this Aft 59 it is hereby enafted by the Trains of Anil-

Authority aforefaid, That the Officers and Perfons ferving and hired lery, fcc.Cubjeci

to be employed, or who fhall ferve and be hired to be employed in t0

the Royal Artillery, and in the feveral Trains of Artillery, and all

Officers ferving or who fhall ferve in the Corps of Royal Engineers,

and all Officers and Perfons ferving or who fhall ferve in the Corps

of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftfmen, or in the Corps of

Royal Military Artificers and Labourers, and all Mafter Gunners,

and Gunners who now are or fhall be under the Ordnance, (hall be at

all times fubjeft to all the Penalties and Punifhments mentioned in

this Aft, and (hall in all refpefts whatfoever be holden to be within

H 4	the



C. 17.

53* GEO. HI.

A.D.1813^

f j Innkeepers re-S lufing to receive Soldiers.

Troops raifed or Jerving in His Majefty’s Provinces, See. t£ing in Con-fund ion with His Majefty’s other Forces, liable to Martial Laws, &c. Employed on Recruiting Service. and receiv-in^regular Pay, fubjett to A ft.

Negroes pur-

chiled a 1 d ferv-ing in Forces deemed tree.

Lthaf

§3*ecoi

P*e

ifo refpeft-Neeroes pur-d by or on •unt ot His jefty.

the Intent and Meaning of every Part of this Aft, during the Continuance of the fame, and (hall be quartered and billetted, together with the Horfes employed for the Service of the faid Corps, in the feme ipanner and under the fame Penalties and Regulations as are dire&ed* by this Aft to be obferved»y quartering and billetting the Officers, Soldiers and Horfes of His Majetty's other Forces ; and all Innkeepers and others on whom the Officers and Perfons ferving in the faid Corps, and the Horfes employed therein, (hall be legally quartered, refufir.g to receive and provide for them as is direfted for the Officers, Soldiers and Horfes- of His Majefty’s other Forces, (hall be fubjeft to the fame Penalties as in the cafe of Hi* Majefty's other Forces.

* CXXVII. And whereas great Mifchief and Inconvenience may ‘ arife if it (hould be doubted whether Troops in Pay, raifed or ferv-* ing in any of His Majefty'a Provinces, Governments, Colonies or 4 Dominions, or in Countries, Colonies or Places in PofTeffion of or 4 occupied by His Majefty's Subjefts, or any Forces of His Majetty, 4 are, while under the Command of any Officer having any Com-4 midion immediately from His Majetty, liable to the fame Rules and 4 Articles of War, and the fame Penalties and Puniftiments, as His 4 Majefty's other Forces are fubjeft to p To prevent fuch Mifchief, and to remove all Doubts, be it declared and enafted by the Authority aforefaid, That all Officers and Soldiers of any Troops being muttered and in Pay, which have been or are or (hall be raifed or ferving as aforefaid, (hall at all Times and in all Places be liable to Martial Law and Difcipline, in like Manner, to all Intents and Pur-pofes as His Majctty’s other Forces are, and (hall be fubjeft to the fame Trial, Penalties and Punittiments.

CXXVII I. And be it further enacted, That this Aft (hall extend to all Serjeants and Non Commiffioned Officers or Perfons employed on the Recruiting Service, receiving any regular Pay in refpeft of fuch Service; and all fuch Serjeants and Non Commiffioned Officers and Perfons employed on the Recruiting Service, receiving any regular Pay in refpeft of fuch Service, (hall be liable to Martial Law and Difcipline, in like manner to all Intents and Purpofes as His Majefty’s other Forces, and be fubjeft to the fame Trial, Penalties and Punifhments.

CXXIX. And be it further enafted. That, from and after the patting of this Aft, all Negroes purchafed by or on account of His Majetty, his Heirs and Succettors, and ferving in any of His Majetty'* Forces, (hall be and be deemed and taken to be free, to all Intents aud for all J'urpofes whatever, in like manner in every refpeft as if fuch Negroes had been born free in any Part of His Majcfty's Dominions; and that fuch Negroes (hall alfo, to all Intents and Purpofes whatever, be confidered as Soldiers having voluntarily inlittcd in His Majetty's Service.

CXXX. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained as to inlitting for any limited Periods of Service, or contained in any other Aft as to any Rules or Regulations for the granting any Peniions or Allowances to any Soldiers difeharged, after certain Periods of Service, (hall extend, or be deemed or con-ftrued in any manner to extend to any Negroes purchafed by or 00 account of Hi* Majetty, his Heirs and Succettors, and ferving in'any of His Majetty's Forces,

13	« CXXXI. And



A.D.1813.

53° GEO- HI.

C. 17.

105

« CXXXI. And’ whereat the Officers and Soldiers of the faid « Troops, being taken Prifoners, are frequently fent over to Great

*	Britain or Ireland in a very di ft re fled Condition : And whereas « their Pay is not fufficient to provide them with neceffary Lodgings

•	and Accommodations Be it enafted -by the Authority aforefaid, Officer*and That, during the Continuance of this Aft, it fhall be lawful for the SoUlier* of fuck Conftables, and other Civil Magiftrates, within England, Ireland, toG^B °Ver Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, to quarter and billet Ireland.

the Officers and Soldiers of fuch Troops in all fuch Houfes as are How quartered

liable by this Aft to receive the Officers and Soldiers of His Majefty’s ^ billetted.

other Forces; and the faid Conftables and other Civil Magiftrates

are hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers

of fuch Troops in the fame manner and under the fame Regulations

and Penalties, as are direfted by this Aft to be obferved in quarter-

ing and billetting the Officers and Soldiers of His Majefty’s other

Forces 5 and all Perfons on whom the Officers and Soldiers of the

faid Troops (hall be legally quartered, refufing to receive and provide

for them, as is direfted for the Officers and Soldiers of His Majefty’s

other Forces, fhall be fubjeft to the fame Penalties as in the cafe of

His Majefty’s other Forces.

CXXX1I. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That Militi*, Volun-nothing in this A 61 contained fhall extend, or be any ways conftrued	*

to extend, to concern any of the Militia Forces, or Yeomanry or Vo- Prov,fo or» c# lunteer Corps in Great Britain or Ireland, or in Jerfey, Guemfey9 Alderney, Sark or Man, or the Iflands thereto belonging, excepting only in fuch cafe wherein, by any Act or Afts, for regulating any of the Militia Forces, or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain or Ireland, the Provifions contained in this A6t, or in any A6t for punifhing Mutiny and Defertion, which (hall be then in force, are extended and meant to take place in refpeft to the Officers and Soldiers of the Militia Forces or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain and Ireland; and alfo except fo far as relates to the Muttering of the faid Militia Forces, according to the Provifions hereinafter mentioned.

CXXXII1. And, for the better afcertaining the Number of effeftive Men of the Regiments of Militia, when embodied and in actual Service, be it enafted by the Authority aforefaid, That, Militia and Feu-from and after the paffing of this Aft, every Regiment or Corps cible Men when of Militia and Fencible Men, when embodied and in aftual Service, in a£h**l ^e™c0 fhall be regularly muttered by CommifTaries appointed for that Stc*'*" Purpofe, in the fame manner and as often as the reft of the Army is uiually muttered 5 and the Magiftrates fhall have the fame Powers and Authorities, and both Officers and Men (hall be fubjeft to the fame Regulations, Reftridions and Penalties, as are impofed on the Officers and Soldiers of the reft of the Army by virtue of this Aft.

CXXXIV. And be it further enafted by the Authority afore- In whit cafes faid. That this Aft (hall be conftrued to extend to the Iflands of A&toextwdt® Jerfey, Guernfey, Alderney, Sark and Mant and the Iflands thereto ^uern^e7»&c* belonging, as to the Claufes therein for muttering and paying, and to the Provifions for the Trial and Punifhment of Officers and Soldiers who fhall be charged with Mutiny or Defertion, or any other of the Offences which are by this Aft declared to be punifhable by the Sentence of a General, or Garrifou, or Detachment, or Regimental Court Martial; and alfo to the Claufes which relate to the Punifh-

ment



jotf

Pwjury.

General IHue.

Treble Cofts.

Where Suits to be brought.

In Scotland A&ions preferred in Court of 8effion.

Treble Cofts

Perfuading Soldiers to defert.

C* 17.	53'GEO. III.	A.D.1813,

ment of Perfons who (hall conceal Deferters, or (hall knowingly buy, exchange or otherwife receive, any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture belonging to The King, or any fuch Articles generally deemed Regimental Neceffaries, from any Soldier or Deferter, or who (hall caufe Hie Colour of fuch Clothes to be changed.

CXXXV. And be it further enafted, That any Perfon taking a falfe Oath in any cafe wherein an Oath is required to be taken by this Aft, (hall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Peijury, and being thereof duly convifted, (hall be liable to fuch Pains and Penalties as by any Laws now in force any Perfons convifted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are fubjeft-' and liable to.

CXXXV I. And be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid (except in Scotland, as hereinafter provided), That if any Aftion, Bill, Plaint or Suit (hall be brought againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Aft, Matter or Thing, to be acted or done in purfuance of this Aft, it (hall and may be lawful to and for all and every Perfon and Perfons fued as aforefaid, to plead thereunto the Geueral Iffue, that he or they are Not Guilty, and to give fuch Special Matter in Evidence to the Jury which (hall try the lffue 5 which Special Matter being pleaded, had been a good and fuflicient Matter in Law to have difcharged the faid Defendant or Defendants of the Trefpafs or other Matter laid to his or their Charge : And if the Verdift (hall pafs with the faid Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Aftion, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein become nonfuit, or fuffer any Difcontinuance thereof, that in every fuch cafe, the Juftice or Ju dices, or fuch other Judge before whom the faid Matter (hall be tried, (hall, by force and virtue of this Aft, allow unto the Defendants or Defendants his or their Treble Cofts, which he or they (hall have fuftained by reafon of their wrongful Vexation in Defence of the faid Aftion or Suit, for which the faid Defendant or Defendants (hall have the like Remedy as iu other cafe6, where Cofts by the Laws of this Realm are given to Defendants*

CXXXVI1. Apd be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid, That every Bill, Plaint, Aftion or Suit, againft any Perfon or Perfons, for any Aft, Matter or Thing, to be afted or done in purfuance of this Aft, or againft any Member or Minifter of a Court Martialfrin refpeft of any Sentence of fuch Court, or of any thing done by virtue or in purfuance of fuch Sentence, (hall be brought in fome of the Courts of Record at Wcfimnjler, or in Dublin, or the Court of Seflion in Scotland, and in no other Court whatfoever.

CXXXVIII. And be it further enafted. That if any Aftion (hall he raifed or Complaint (hall be preferred againft anv Perfon or Perfons in Scotland, for any Aft, Matter or Thing, to be afted or done in purfuance of this Aft, fuch Aftion (hall be raifed and Complaint preferred in the Court of Seflion, and if fuch Court (hall fee fit to affoilzie the Defendant, or difmifs the Complaint, the Defender or Defenders (hall have Treble Cofts awarded* to him or them by the faid Court.

CXXX1X. And be it further enafted. That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall in any Part of His Majefty’s Dominions, dire£Uy or indireftly, perfuade or procure any Solaier or Soldiers in the Service of His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors, to defert or leave fuch Service as aforefaid, every fuch Perfon or Perfons Co offending as aforefaid, and being thereof lawfully convifted, (hall, for every fuch Offence, 15	forfeit

 LjOOQle

forfeit to His Majefty, his Hein or Succeffors, or to anv other Per-fon or Perfons who (hall fue for the fame, the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if it (hall happen that any fuch Offender, fo convi&ed as afore (aid, hath not any Goods and Chattels, Lands or Tenements, to the Value of One hundred Pounds, to pay and fatisfy the lame, or if from the Circumftances and Heinoufnels of the Cnroe it (hall appear to the Court before which the faid Convidlion (hall be made as aforelaid, that any fuch Forfeiture is not a fufficient Punifhment for fuch Offence, it (hall be lawful for fuch Court to commit any foch Offender to Prifon, there to remain for any time not exceeding Twelve Months, without Bail or Mainpriae, and alfo to (land in the Pillory for the Space of One Hour in fome Market Town next adjoining to the Place where the Offence was committed in open Market there, or in the Market Town itfelf where the faid Offence was committed.

CXL. And be it further enadted, That all Penalties by this A£t impofed, for perfuading or procuring any Soldier to defert within that Part of Great Britain called England, may and (hall be fued for and be recoverable in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weflminjler ; and for fuch like Offences as lhall be committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotlandy (hall bp fued for and recoverable in His Majefty’s Courts of Exchequer in Scotland ; and for fuch like Offences as lhall be committed in Ireland, (hall be fued for and recoverable in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record in Dublin ; and for any fuch like Offences as lhall be committed in any other of the Dominions of His Majefty, lhall and may be fued for and be recoverable in any Court of Record of His Majefty, in the Place where the Offence lhall have been committed; and for fuch like Offence as lhall have been committed within the Illand of Guernfey, the fame lhall be fued for and be recoverable in the Royal Court of Guernfey; and for fuch Offences as lhall be committed wjthin the Illand of Jerfey, the fame lhall be fued for and be recoverable in the Royal Court of Jerfey ; any thing contained in an Adi palled in the Firft Year of King George the Firft to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CXLI. And be it further enadted, That, for fuch of the faid Offences as lhall be committed within that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, the Penalties herein enadted lhall be fued for and be recoverable in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record in Dublin$ and for fuch of the faid Offences as (hall be committed within the Illes of Alderney and Sarky the Penalties herein enadted lhall be fued for and be recoverable in the Royal Court of Guernfey ; and for fuch of the faid Offences as lhall be committed within the llle of Man% the Penalties herein enadted lhall be fued for and be recoverable in any of the Courts of Record in the faici Illand, or in any of His Maiefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminfler.

CXLII. Provided always, and be it further enadted by the Au« thority aforefaid, That no fuch Adt on lhall be brought or Profecu-tion carried on by virtue of this Adt, for the Penalties ^forefaid, unlefs the fame be commenced within Six Months after the Offence is committed.

CXLIII. And, in order to prevent all Doubts that may arife in relation to punilhing Crimes and Offe cea committed againft former Adis of Parliament made in Great Britain and Ireland refpedtively,

for

Penalty.

Imprifonment

Pillory.

Penalties againft Perfons inducing Soldiers 10 deftrt, how fued for.

z G.x.Stftt.i. c.47*

Penalties in Ireland, where fued for.

Limitation of Actions*

Offences againft former Mutiny Alls, punithable by A£t.

 LiOOQle

io8	C.	17.

$3° GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

Offences againft former A&s committed Three Years before ifluing Warrant for Trial, See.

for punifhing Mutiny and Defertion 5 and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, or againft any of the Articles of War made and eftablifhed bv virtue of the fame, be it enafted by the Authority aforefaid, Tnat all Crimes and Offences which have been committed againft any Aft for punifhing Mutiny and Defertion ; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, or againft any of the Articles of War made and eftablifhed by virtue of the fame, (hall and may, during the Continuance of this Aft, be enquired of, heard, tried and determined, adjudged and punifhed, before and by the like Courts, Perfons, Powers, Authorities, Ways, Means and Methods, as the like Crimes and Offences committed againft this Aft may be enquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged and punifhed : And ever)’ Warrant for holding any Court Martial under any former Aft fhall remain in full Force, notwith-ftanding the Expiration of fuch Aft, and all Proceedings of any Court Martial, upon any Trial begun under the Authority of fuch former Aft, fhall not be difeontinued by the Expiration of the fame, but it fhall be lawful to proceed to Judgment upon any fuch Trial, and to carry fuch Judgment into Execution in like manner as if the Proceedings had been commenced under the Authority of this Aft.

CXLIV. Provided always, That no Perfon fhall be liable to be tried and punifhed for any Offence againft any of the faid Afts, or Articles of War, which fhall appear to have been committed more than Three Years before the ifluing of the Commiflion or Warrant for fuch Trial; unlefs the Perfon accufed, by reafon of his having abfented himfelf, or of fome other manifeit Impediment, fhall not have been amenable to Jufticc within that Period ; in which cafe fuch Perfon fhall be liable to be tried at any time not exceeding Two Years after the Impediment fhall have ceafed.

CXLV. And, for the more eafy Conviftion of Offenders againft this Aft, be it enafted, That in cafe any Perfons fhall be convifted of arty Offences by which they fhall become liable to any of the pecuniary Penalties under this Aft, the following fhall be the Form of Conviftion:

Form of Con- County of 1	*	DE it remembered, That on the	Day

vidtion.	J 4 of	in	the Year of our Lord

*	at	in	the	County	aforefaid,	>7.	B,	came	before

*	me [or us] One [or Two] of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace

*	in and for the faid County, and informed me [or us] upon Oath,

4 that G. H. of	on	the	Day	of

4 now laft paft, at	in the faid County, did

4 (here fet forth the Fad in the manner deferibed in the Statute) ; 4 whereupon the faid G. H. after being duly fummoned to anfwer 4 the faid Charge, appeared before me [or us] the faid Juftice [or 4 Juftices] on the	Day of	at

4	in	the faid County, and having heard the Charge

4 contained in the faid Information, declared that he was not guilty 4 of the faid Offence ; but the fame being fully proved upon the 4 Oath /. Ka credible Witnefs, it manifeftly appears to rtie [or 4 us]'the faid Juftice [or Juftices], that lie the faid G. H. is guilty 4 of the faid Offence charged upon him in the faid Information. 4 It is therefore confidered and adjudged by me [or us] the faid 4 Juftice [or Juftices], that he the faid G.H. be convifted; and 4 I [or we] do hereby convift him of the Offence aforefaid ; and I

4 [or

 CjOOQle

A.D.1813.	53°	GEO. 1H.	C. 17.

« [or we] do hereby declare and adjudge that the faid G, H. hath

* forfeited the Sum of	for	the	Offence

f aforefaid, to be diftributed as the Law directs, according to the « Statute in that cafe made and provided*

* Given, et cetera/

CXLVI. And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid* That this Ad (hall be and continue in force, within Great Britain, from the Twenty fourth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen; and (hall be and continue in force within Ireland, and in Jerfey, Guernfey, Alderney, Sark and IJle of Man% and the I (lands thereto belonging, from the Thirty firft Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, until the Firft Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen; and (hall be and continue in force within the Garrifou of Gibraltar, and in Spain and Portugal, from the Twenty fourth Day of May in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of May in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen; and (hail be and continue in force in au other Parts of Europe where His Majefty’s Forces may be ferving, and in the Weft Indus, and North America, and Cape of Good Hope9 from the Twenty fourth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen; and (hallJbe and con-r tinue in force in all other Places from the Twenty fourth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen* CXLVII. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That this A& may be altered and varied by any A& or A&s to be made in this Sefiion of Parliament.

[Rates of Subfftence increafed, cc, 43. 83. poftf\

SCHEDULE (A.)

Form of Oath.

T	do make Oath, That I am

or have been (as the cafe may be) [flats Occupation, if any, orfiate if of none"] and to the beft of my Knowledge and Belief was born in \ftate County, Parifh9 Place, &c.l and that I am of the Age of

Years; that I do not belong to the Militia, or to any other Regiment, or to His Majefty's Navy or Marines 5 and that 1 will ferve His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, for the Period of

[This Blank to be filled up by the Magiftrate with Seven Tears for Infantry, Ten Years for Cavalry, and Twelve Tears for the Artillery, if the Perfon inlifting is of the Age of Eighteen Tears or upwards ; but if under Eighteen Tears, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen to be added to fuch Seven, Ten, or Twelve Tears9 as the cafe may be] Years, provided His Majefty (hould for fo long require my Service, and alfo for fuch further Term, not exceeding Six Months, as (hall be dire&ed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station, and not exceeding Three Years, as (hall be dire&ed by any Proclamation of His Majefty: Provided always, that in the letter Cafe the faid additional Period (hall determine whenever Six

Months

109

Continuance of A6t

Ad altered, Ice.

* *



C. 17.	53° GEO. HI.	A.D.1813.

Months of continued Peace, to be reckoned from the Ratification of any Definitive Treaty, fhall have elapfed fubfequent to the Ex-% piration of the faid [Seven, Ten, or Twelve, as the cafe may be~\ Years.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Form of Oath.

t	do	make	Oath,	That	I	am	or	have	been	(as the

* cafe may be) [fate Occupation, if any, or fate if of none] and to the bell of my Knowledge and Belief was born in [fate County, Partfbt Placet and that I am of the Age of	Years ; that I do

not belong to the Militia, or any other Regiment, or to His Majefty’s Navy or Marines; and that I will ferve His Majefty, his Heir* and Succeffors, until I fhall be legally difcharged.

SCHEDULE (C.)

Form of Jufice's Certificate.

I A. B. One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace of (or Chief Magiftrate of ) do hereby certify that C. D. appearing to be Years old,	Feet	Inches	high,

Complexion,	Eyes,	Hair,	came	before	me	at

on the	Day	of	One	thousand eight hundred and	,	and	Hated himfelf to be of the

Age of	Years,	and that he had no Rupture, and was not

troubled with Fits, and was no ways difabled by Lamenefs, Deafnefs or otherwife, but had the perfed Ufe of his Limbs and Hearing, and was not an Apprentice 5 and acknowledged that he had voluntarily inlifted himlelf for the Bounty of	to ferve

His Majefty King George the Third, nis Heirs and SuccefTors, in the Regiment of	commanded by

and did engage to ferve for the Period of

[This Blank to be filled up by the Magifrate •with Seven Tears for Infantry, Ten Tears for Cavalry, and Twelve Tears for the Artillery t if the Pcrfon inltfing is of the Age of Eighteen Tears or upwards ; but if under Eighteen Tears, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen to be added to fucb Seven, Ten, or Twelve Tears, as the cafe may Ar] Years, provided His Majefty fhould for fo long require his Service ; and alfo for fuch further Period as His Majefty fhall pleafe to dire&, not to exceed in any cafe Three Years, and to determine whenever Six Months fhall have elapfed of continued Peace fubfequent to the Expiration of the Term of [Seven9 or Ten, or Twelve,] Years. And I do hereby certify, That in my Prefence the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, and the Firft Article of the Sixth Section of the Articles of War againft Mutiny and Defertion were read over to him, and that he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the faid Articles of War, and alfo the Oath above fet forth, and that he received the Sum of

on being attefted, and that 1 have given to the faid C. D. a Duplicate of this Certificate, figned with my Name.

SCHEDULE (D.)

Form of Juf ice's Certificate•

J A. B. One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace of

(or Chief Magiftrate of

 C^ooQle

A.D.1813.

Ill

53° GEO. HI.	C.	17.

J|, do hereby certify. That C* D. appearing ,	Feet	Inches	high.

Complexion,	Eyes,	Hair,	came before

me at	,	on	the	Day	of

One thoufand eight hundred and	,	and	Hated

himfelf to be of the Age of	Years, and that he had no

Rupture, and was not troubled with Fits, and was no ways difabled by Lamenefs, Deafnefs or otherwife, but had the perfe& Ufe of his Limbs and Hearing, and was not an Apprentice ; and acknowledged that he had voluntarily inlifted himfelf for the Bounty of

to ferve His Majefty King George the Third, his Heirs and Succeflors, in the	Regiment	of	commanded by

, until he (hould be legally difeharged : And I do hereby certify, That in my Prefence the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, and the Firft Article of the Sixth Se&ion of the Articles of War agajnft Mutiny and Defertion were read over to him, and that he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the faid Articles of War, and alfo the Oath to the Effect above fet forth, and that he received the Sum of	on	being

attefted, and that I have given to the faid C. D• a Duplicate of this Certificate, figned with my Name.

SCHEDULE (E.)

Oath of Allegiance, 39 Geo. III. c. 109.

T A. B. being infilled to ferve, either in His Majefty’s Troops, or in A the Forces of the Eajl India Company, according as His Majefty (hall think fit, do fwear. That I will bear true Allegiance to our Sovereign Lord King George, and that I will, as in my Duty bound, defend Him in His Perfon, Crown and Dignity againft all His Enemies; and that fo long as I (hall remain m His Majefty’s Service, I will duly obferve and obey His Majefty’s Orders and the Orders of the Generals and Officers fet over me by His Majefty ; and that if His Majefty fhall pleafe to appoint me to ferve in the Forces of the UnitedT Company of Merchants of England trading to the Ea/l Indies, then I fwear that I will alfo be true to the faid United Company, and will duly obferve and obey all their Orders and the Orders of their Generals and Officers who (hall be lawfully fet over me.

Xo wit.

} 1.,

Years,

Complexion,

on the hundred and

SCHEDULE (F.)

One of His Majefty’s Ju dices of the Peace certify, That	aged

Feet	Inches	high.

Eyes,	Hair, came before me at

Day of	One	thoufand eight

, and acknowledged that he had voluntarily inlifted himfelf for the Bounty of	to	ferve	either in

His Majefty’s Army or in the Forces of the Eajl India Company, according as His Majefty (hall think fit to order. And I further certify, That in my Prefence the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Se&ion, and the Firft Article of the Sixth Se&ipn. of the Articles of War, againft Mutiny and Defertion, were read over to him ; that he took the Oatn of Allegiance preferibed

by

 LjOOQle

by the A ft of 59* Goo. III. c. 109. to be taken inftead of the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the laid Articles of War, and alfo the Oath above fet forth ; and that he	received	the	Sum of

on being attefted.

SCHEDULE (G.)

T A B. being inlifted to ferve in the [Infantry or Artillery, as (he cafe may bej] of the Eajl India Company, do fwear, That I will bear true Allegiance to our Sovereign Lord King George, and that I will, as in Duty bound* defend Him in His Perfon, Crown and Dignity, againft all his Enemies; and I fwear that I will alfo be true to the laid United Company, and will duly obferve and obey all their Orders and the Orders of their Generals and Officers who (hall be lawfully fet over me.

SCHEDULE (H.)

t A* B. do make Oath, That I am (or have been, as (he cafe may he) \Jlate Occupation, If anyf or Jlate if of none'] 9 and to the Left of my Knowledge and Belief was bom in [fate County, Parijh or Placcy EsV.] and that I am of the Age of	Years, and

that I do not belong to the Militia, or to any Regiment in His Majefty’s Service, or to His Majefty^s Navy or Marines 5 and that I will ferve the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, until I (hall be duly and legally difcharged, [or tf the Recruit inlifts for limited Service, then leave out the Words fcored under, and infertJ for the Period !of Twelve Years \if the Perfon inlifling is of the Age of Eighteen Tears or upwards, but if under Eighteen Tears, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen to be added to fuch Twelve Tears, as the cafe may be, and fuch Period to be inferted injlead of Twelve Tears] provided the faid United Company (hould fo long require my Service.

SCHEDULE (I.)

T	One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace of

[or, Chief Magiftrate of ] do hereby certify, That appeared to be	Years	old.	Feet

Inches high,	Complexion,	Eyes,

Hair, came before me at	on	the	Day	of

and dated himfelf to be of the Age of	Years, and

that he had no Rupture, and was not troubled with Fits, and was no ways difabled by Lamenefs, Deafhefs 6r otherwife, but had the perfeft Ufe of his Limbs and Hearing, and was not an Apprentice; and acknowledged that he had voluntarily inlifted himfelf for the Bounty of	to	ferve	the	United Company of Mer-

chants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, and did engage to ferve for the Period of	[Mix	Blank to be filled up by

the Magiftrate either until difcharged or for Tears, as in the preceding Form of Inliflment] : And I do hereby certify, That in my Prefence the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, and the Firft Article of the Sixth Seftion of the Articles of War, againft Mutiny and Defertion, were read over to him, and he took the Oath 5cO. 3.C.87, of Fidelity mentioned in the Aft of the Fiftieth Year of Hi» prefect Majefty, and alfo the Oath above fet forth, and that he

received



A.D.i8i3*

S30 GEO. lit



received the Sum of I have given to the faid tifcate, fignod with my Name.

on being attefted $ and that a Duplicate of this Cer-

SCHEDULE (K.)

Form of Maflcr’i Qath.

T	of	do	make Oath, That I am by

Trade a	and	that	was bound to ferve as an

Apprentice to me in the faid Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of	for	the	Term	of	Years; and that the

faid	did	on	or	about	the	Day	of	,

abfeond and quit my Service without my Confent; and that to the bed of my Knowledge and Belief the laid	is

aged about	Years.	Witnefs	my Hand at	the

Day of	One	thoufand	eight hundred and

Sworn before me at this

Day of	One	thoufand	eight

hundred and

inu i

}

SCHEDULE (L.)

Form of Jujltce9j Certificate.

7 t yf. B. One of His Majefly’s Jullices of the Peace of To wit. j 1	certify, That	of	came

before me at	the	Day of	One	thoufand

eight hundred and	, and made Oath, that he was by Trade a

, and that	was	bound to ferve as an Apprentice

to him in the faid Trade by Indenture, dated the	Day

of	, for the Term of	Years; and that thje faid

Apprentice did, on or about the	Day	of	abfeond

and quit the Service of the faid	without his Confent j

and that to the bed of his Knowledge and Belief the faid Apprentice is aged about	Years.

if. B*

SCHEDULE (M.)

Form of Oath.

I .	do hereby make Oath, That I have not

applied any Money or Stores, or Supplies, under my Care or Diftribution, to my own Ufe, or to the private Ufe of any other Perfon, by way of Loan to fuch Perfon, or otherwife, or in any manner applied them, or knowingly permitted them to be applied to any other than public Purpolee, and according to the Duty of taj Office.

Sworn before me by the within named 1 this	Day of	j

A. B.

£Juflice of the Peace for the County of

or Commander in Chief, or Second in Command, Ufe. the Army (ervisg in at the cafe may be.']

Si c&o. iy.

SCHEDULE

M3



o

o

eg.

FT

SCHEDULE (N.)

DESCRIPTION RETURN of as a Deferter from the

committed to Confinement at Battalion of the

on the Day Regiment of

Age.	Size.		Complexion.	Coloi	ur of	Marks.	Probable Date of Inliffment, and in what Diftrili.	Probable Date of Defertion, and from whence.	Name, Occupation and Addrel's of Perfon by whom apprehended.	The Particulars in Evidence againft the Prifoner, and whether he confefled himl'elf to be a Deferter in the Prefence of the Magillrate who committed him.
	Feet.	Inches.		Hair.	Eyes.					
										

I do hereby certify, that the Prifoner has been duly examined before me, as to the Circumftances herein dated, and has declared in my Prefence that he -a Deferter from the before mentioned Corps.

— ■	Signature of	Magistrate.

■— —	■	Signature	of	Prifoner.

— ■■ ■	Signature of Informant

•	Enquiry having been made as to the

Prifoner’s Health, it hat been reported to me that he	in	a	fit State to be removed.

■	-	-	Signature of Magillrate.

*	If a Military Medical Officer be at the Place, he will infpe# the Deferter.

a

s

8

B

s

ct*

m

W

A.D. 181*3.	53*	GEO.	IH.	C.	17,18*1$.	tt$

Rates for the Relief of the Poor, being at the Rate of per Day from the	Day	of	to	the

JDay of	both	inclufive; and for fo doing, this (hall be

your Warrant, and pafs as fuch for your Repayment under the Mutiny Aft. Witnels my Hand the	Day	•

C. D. Juftice of the Peace for

CAP. XVIII.

An Aft for allowing a Drawback of the Duty on Coals ufed in Fire or Steam Engines for railing Ores m the Counties of Devon and Cornwall.	[23d	March	1813.]

1 TT7HEREAS by the Afts in force a Drawback of all the 14C.aic.4t. * 4 VV Duties is by Law payable on Coals which have been ufed § 3.

4 in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Tin, 49	3	c 9** v

4 Copper or Lead, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon ; and it	A* Coaft-

4 is expedient that the like Drawback (hould be allowed on all Coals w c#

4 ufed in Fire or Steam Engines employed in drawing or railing Ores

* or dead Stuff or Rubbifh out of the faid Mines 5J Be it therefore

enafted by the King’s Mod: Excellent Majefty, by and with the Ad.

vice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the

fame, That the fame Drawbacks, which are payable upon Coals Drawback of

confumed in the working of Fire Engines ufed for draining Water Duty on Coals

out of the faid Mines, (hall, from and after the palling of this Aft, “ted^njf,rf or

be paid upon Coals which have been confumed in Fire or Steam

'Engines ufed for the Purpofe of drawing or raifmg Ores or dead	*

Stuff or Rubbifh out of the faid Mines fince the Fifth Day of

January One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, or which may at

any time hereafter be fo ufed, upon Proof by Oath made before the

Colleftor of the faid Duties (which Oath he is hereby empowered and

required to adminifttr) that fuch Coals have been fo ufed and applied,

and the Amount of the Duties (hall be returned and paid by the

Colleftor of the faid Duties to the Perfon fo making Proof as afore-

faid.

II. And be it further enafted, That this Aft may be altered, Aft repealed, amended or repealed, by any Aft or Afts to be pafled in this prefent &c.

Seflion of Parliament.

CAP. XIX.

An Aft to amend an Aft of the laft Seflion of Parliament to prevent the ifluing and circulating of Pieces of Gold and Silver or other Metal ufually called Tokens, except fuch af§ are iffued by the Banks of England and Ireland refpeftively.

[23d March 1813.] f TT7HEREAS an Aft pafled in the lad Seflion of Parliament, 52G. 3. c. 157.

*	VV intituled An Ad to prevent the tjfuing and circulating of 4 Pieces of Gold and Silver or other Metal ujually *<///«/Tokens, except 4 fuch as are iffued by the Banks of England and Ireland refpedively c

4 And whereas it is expedient, that the Petiod limited in the faid	fa.

* Aft for the Circulation of Pieces of Gold or Silver and mixed

•	Metals in the faid Aft fpecified, and denominated Tokens (hould be

•	extended;’ May it thereforepleafe Your Majedy that it may be

la	, enafted ;

 LjOOQle

n<J

repeals!

Tokens not to circulate after July

Penalty. Original Ifluer.

Provifo for Tokens of Bank of Engl nd or IreLuid.

Penalties hew recovered.

Ad repeal, d, StCr

C.19.	sy GEO. III.	A.D.iJhj.

enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s Mod Excellent Maiedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament a (Ternbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That fo much of the laid recited Ad a3 prohibits the Circulation of any fuch Tokens as are in the faid recited Ad deferibed, after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed: Provided always, that nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend to repeal or Impend any Penalty or Forfeiture by the faid Ad impofed for the making, manufaduring or originally ifluing, or caufing or procuring to be made, manufadured or originally ifTued, or permitting or fuffering to be ifTued any fuch Tokens.

II.	And be it further enaded, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, no Piece of Gold or Silver, or of any mixed Metal, compofed partly of Gold or Silver, of whatever Value the fame may be, (hall pafs or circulate as a Token for Money, or as purporting that the Bearer or Holder thereof is entitled to demand any Value denoted thereon, either by Letters, Words, Figures, Mark or otherwife, whether fuch Value is to be paid or given in Money or Goods, or other Value, or ia any manner whatfoever; and every Perfon who fhall after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, circulate or pafa, ms for any nominal Value in Money or Goods any fuch Token, mall, for every fuch Token fo circulated or pafled, whether fuch Perfon fhall be or have been concerned in the original ifluing or Circulation of any fuch Token, or only the Bearer or Holder thereof for the time being, forfeit any Sum not lefs than Five Pounds, nor more than Twenty Pounds, at the Difcretion of the Juftice or Juffices of the Peace who (hall hear and determine fuch Offence; provided that nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend or be con&rued to extend to prevent any Perfon from presenting any fuch Token for Payment to the original Iffuer thereof, or to difeharge or excufe any fuch original Ifluer from his Liability to pay the fame.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to any Tokens iffued or circulated by or under the Authority of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Envland% or by or under the Authority of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland refpedively, or in any manner to affed any fuch Toker s or the Circulation thereof, or to fubjed any Company or Companies, or Perfon or Perfons to any Penalty for ifluing or circulating any fuch Tokens.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That alt Penalties and Forfeitures impofed by this A6t (hall and may be recoverable, and recovered and levied, and applied in like manner and by fuch means as the like Penalties and Forfeitures are made recoverable by the faid recited Ad 5 and all the Powers, Authorities, Claufes and Provifions in the faid recited Ad contained, (hall be, and remain and continue in full force, and be applied and executed for the enforcing the Provifions of this Ad, and for the recovering and applying of any Penalties and Forfeitures under this Ad, as fully and effedually as if all fuch Powers, Authorities, Claufes and Provifions were feverally and feparately re-enaded in and made Part of this Ad.

V.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad may be altered, amended or repealed by any Ad or A$s to be pafled in the pretest Beffion of Parliament.

CAP,



JLD.igij.

C.10,2!

I,7

53* GEO. IIL CAP. XX.

An ACt to allow a limited Proportion of the Corps of Miners to inlift into the JRegular Forces.	[23d March 1813.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Ad palled in the Fifty firft Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 to allow 4 a certain Proportion of the Militia of Great Britain to inlijl annually 4 into the Regular Forces ; and to provide for the gradual Redudion 4 of the faid Militia, fhould be extended to the Corps of Miners 4 railed under the Provifions of an Ad palled in the tforty fecond • Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for repealing sen 4 AS made m the Thirty eighth Tear of the Reign of His prefent 4 Majefly, intituled An A3 for raiftng a Body of Miners in the Counties 4 of Cornwall and Devon fjr the Defence of the Kingdom during the 4 prefent War; and for the more ejfeSually raifng and regulating a 4 Body of Miners for the Defence of Great Britain s' May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by the King’s Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the laid recited Ad of the Fifty firft Year aforefaid, and all the Provifions thereof, fo far as the fame can be made to apply to the faid Corps of Miners, lhall extend and be conftrued to extend to the laid Corps of Miners, eftabUlhed under the Provifions of the faid recited Ad of the Forty fecond Year aforefaid, as fully and effectually as if the fame were refpedively, feverally and feparately re-enaded and inierted in and made a Part of this Ad.

II. And be it further enaded, That the Number of Men who (hall be allowed to inlift in His Majefty’s Regular Forces, under the Provifions of this Ad, lhall not exceed One feventh Part of the Quota fixed by the faid recited Ad of the Forty fecond Year aforefaid.

III. And be it further enaded, That the Lord Warden of the Stannaries, and the Deputy Wardens, (hall refpedively have and exercife all the Powers and Authorities for the putting this Ad into Execution in relation to the faid Corps of Miners, which the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants are refpedively authorized to have and exercife within Counties under the faid recited Ad of the Fifty firft Year aforefaid.

CAP. XXI.

An Ad for authorizing the Commiflioners of Cuftoms and Excife to make an Allowance for the neceflary Subfiftence of poor Perfons confined for Debts cr Penalties fued for under their Orders.	[23d March 1813.]

* TY 7 HE REAS in confeauence of their not receiving any Allow-4 VV ance whereon to fubfift during their Confinement, Diftrefs • is fometimes fuffered by poor Perfons confined under Exchequer * Procefs, for the Recovery of Duties and Penalties under or by 4 virtue of the Ads of Parliament relating to the Duties of Cuftoms • and Excife under Warrants of Commitment in Execution commonly f called Body Warrants, iffued by the Commiflioners of Excife in • England, or by Juftices of the Peace within Great Britain, under

I 3	$	or

51 O. 3. c. ao.

42 G. 3 c. 72.

S1 G.3. c.so. to extend to Corps of Miners.

Number of Men allowed to iuliA.

f

Powers of Warden of Stannaries, &*



lit	C.2i,	a.	53'>GEO.III;	^.D.1813-

*	or by virtue of Afts of Parliament relating to the Departments of 4 Cufloms and Excife refpeftively, or under Writs ot Extent for

*	Debts due to His Majefty, fued for under or by virtue of the 4 Order of the Commiflioners of Cuftoms and Excife in England 4 and Scotland refpeftively, or upon Bonds taken purfuant to Orders 4 in Council; and it is therefore expedient, that the Authority here-4 inafter mentioned fhould be given to the Commiflioners of Cufloms

*	and Excife in England and Scotland refpeftivelyBe it therefore enafted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority

Allowance to 0f the fame, That, for the neceflary Subfiftence of any poor Perfon

J^Ludunder confined under or by virtue of any Exchequer Procefs, for the

Exchequer Recovery of any Duties or Penalties under or by virtue of any Aft

Proceft.	or Afts of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating

to the Departments of Cuftoms and Excife, or either of them, or confined under or by virtue of any Warrant or Warrants of Com-mitment in Execution commonly called A Body Warranty iflued by the Commiflioners of Excife in England, or by any Juftices of the Peace within Great Britain, under or by virtue of any Aft or Afts of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to the Department of Cuftoms and Excife, or either of them, or confined under or by virtue of any Writ or Writs of Extent for Debts due to His Maiefty, fued for under or by virtue of the Order of the Commiflioners of Cuftoms or Excife in England and Scotland refpeftively, or on Suit upon Bonds taken purfuant to Orders in Council, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Commiflioners of Cuftoms or Excife, as the cafe may require, or any Four or more of them in England, or any Three or more of them in Scotland, to caufe an Allowance not exceeding the Sum of Seven pence Halfpenny and not lefs than Four pence Halfpenny per Day to be made to any fuch poor Perfon, out of any Money in their Hands refpeftively, arifing from the Duties of Cuftoms or Excife, as the cafe may require.

$8 G.J. c.89.

CAP. XXII.

An Aft for empowering the Commiflioners of Excife to fell Salt feized. Duty free, either for Exportation or for curing Fifh, and to reward the feizing Officer. [23d March 1813.]

WHEREAS by an Aft made in the Thirty eight Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty King George the Third, * intituled An Afi for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties 4 to the Commijjicners of Excife ; and for repealing the Duties on Salt, 4 and the Drawbacks, Allowances and Bounties paid thereout, and for 4 granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances and Bounties thereon, 4 and by divers other Laws now in force, Salt is forfeited and feizable 4 by the Officers of the Cuftoms xand Excife refpeftively: And 4 whereas the Value of fuch Salt, when condemned and fold it 4 fomt times inadequate to defray the Expences neceflarily inefa 4 dental to fuch Condemnation and Sale, in which cafes no Reward 4 is provided for the Officers* Vigilance and Trouble of feizing the 4 fame, and it is therefore expedient to make fuch Provifion as is here-4 inafter mentioned 5* Be it therefore cnafted by the Kiug’s Mofk

Excellent



C .22.

AJD.1813.

S3® GEO. m.

U9t

Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That if upon Salt feixed foW the putting up or offering to public Sale any Salt which is now or by Au&ioo fire# hereafter mall be feized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms or Duty e*ther Excife, and condemned under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads of Par- ^for curi*1*0” liaroent now in force, or which (hall hereafter be made, no Perfon or. pj^and^fft Perfons (hall offer or bid for the fame fuch Sum or Sums of Money as cannot be fold ta (hall be equal to or exceed the Duties by Law impofed, for or in be deftroyed. refoed of Salt made at any Salt Works in England or Scotland refpedively, together with the Cods and Expences of the Seizure,*

Removal, Condemnation, Cuftody and Sale of fuch Salt fo feized and condemned, the Commiffioners	of the Cuftoms or Excife in

England or Scotland refpedively, as	the cafe may require, or any	*•	\

Three or more of them refpedively, (hall caufe the fame to be put up* and offered to public Sale by way of Audion, and fold free of Duty to the beft Bidder, at fuch Places as the faid refpedive Commiffioners lhall think proper, either for Exportation or for the Pur-pofe of curing or preferving Fifh, and a Moiety of the Surplus (if any be), after defraying the neceflary Expences of the Seizure, Re- Reward to Of-moval, Condemnation, Cuftody and Sale, (hall be applied to and ficer* for feixing for the Benefit of the Officer or Officers feizing fuch Salt, and in fuch Cafe the fame cannot be fo fold for Exportation or the Fifheries, then and in every fuch cafe they the faid	Commiffioners of Cuftoms and	?	>

Excife in England or Scotland, as the	cafe may require, or any Three

or more of them refpedively, "(hall caufe the faid Salt to be deftroyed ; and in cafe the Money arifing from the Sale of the faid Salt fo to be fold as aforefaid for Exportation or for the Fifheries,

(hall not be fufficient to fatisfy, or (hall not be more than fufficient to

fatisfy the whole of fuch Cofts and Expences, together with Five

Shillings per Bu(hel over and above the fame, or if luch Salt (hall be

deftroyed as aforefaid, the faid Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Excife	4

refpedively., or any Three or more of them refpedively, (hall caufe

to be given to the Officer or Officers by whom the fame was feized,

fuch pecuniary Reward as they the faid Commiffioners refpedively

(hall think proper, fdch Reward not exceeding Five Shillings per

Buffiel for each and every Bu(hel of fuch Salt fo fold or deftroyed.

. II. And be it further enaded, That all Salt fo fold, either for Regulations of Exportation, or for the Purpofe of curing or preferving Fifh, (hall,‘ recited AQ and on fuch Sale, fo far as the lame can or may be done, be dealt with in fuch and the fame manner as Salt for Exportation, or for curing or preferving Fifh, as the cafe may require, is or (hall be liable to be extended «• dealt with under or by virtue of the (aid Ad of the Thirty eighth Ail.

Year aforefaid, or any other Ad or Ads of Parliament now in force or hereafter to be made, and (hall be fubjed and liable to all and fingular the Rules, Regulations, Reftridions and Provifions, and all and fingular the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures for any Breach of Difobeaience thereof, in or by the faid Ads or any or them contained, provided, fettled or eftablifhed, for or in refped of Salt for Exportation or for curing or preferving Fi(h, as the cafe may require, and all and fingular the faid Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, Provifions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures refpedively, (hall be ufed, applied and put in Execution, fo far as the fame refpedively can or may be done for or in refped of all fuch Salt fo fold either for Exporta-

1 +

tlOQ





,4a1	0.13,13,24.	sGEO. in. A.D.181J.

J3

bf»M

St ‘penfion of 52 O.3. c.i».

§9,&c.

continued.

AR altered, &c.

tion or for the Purpofe of curing or preserving Fifh, as the cafe may be, as fully and ettedually, to all Intents and Purpofes, at if all and fiogalar the faid Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, Provifions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures refpedively had been inferted and re-cna&ed in the Body of this Ad, and thereby exp ref sly applied to fuch Salt fo fold either for Exportation or for the Purpofe of curing or preferring Fifli refpedively.

CAP. XXIII.

An A£t to repeal fo much of an Ad of this Seffion as continue* the Prohibition of the making of Starch from Wheat and other Articles of Food.	[23d	March 1813.]

* TTTHEREAS an Ad was pafled in the prefent Seffion of Par* 1 W liament, intituled yin AS to continue, until the Firjl Day of 4 O&ober One tbovfand eight hundred and thirteen, and amend an Ad 4 of the lajl Seffion of Parliament, for prohibiting the making of Starch, 4 Hair Powder, and Blue from IVbeat and other Articles of Food; 4 and for fufpendtng Part of the Duties now payable on the Impor-4 tation into Great Britain of Starch : And whereas it is expedient 4 to repeal the faid Ad ;• Be it therefore enaded by the King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this piefent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the ibid Ad (hall be and the dime is hereby repealed.

II.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That the Sufpenfioa of Part of the Duties of Cuftoms upon Starch imported into Great Britain, direded by an Ad made in the Fifty fecond Year of Hia prefent Majefty, (hall continue until the Firft Day of OSoher One thoufand eight hundred and" thirteen; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	And be it further enaded. That this Ad maybe varied, altered or repealed by any Ad to be made in this Seffion of Parliament.

* r	CAP.	XXIV.

^ ^	An Ad to facilitate the Adminiftration of Juftice.

• 'a 69	[23d	March 1813.3

4 TTTHEREAS the Number of Appeals and Writs of Error 4 VV in Parliament has of late Years greatly increafed, and it 4 has become neceffary that a larger Proportion of time fhould be 4 allotted for hearing and determining fuch Appeals and Writs of 4 Error than has ulually been employed for that Purpofe; and 4 therefore as well as for the better Adminiftratiori of Juftice in the 4 feveral judicial Fundions belonging to the Offices of the Lord 4 High Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commiffioners for the 4 Cuitody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, it is expedient 4 that another Judge (liould be appointed to aflift in the Difchargc of Hi*Majeftyem- 4 fuch judicial Fundions;’ Be it therefore enaded by the King** powered toap- Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the P®”*1 aJ*4<,dl" Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Affiftantto*he Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it Lord Chancellor, (hall and may be lawful for His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, to to be called Vice nominate and appoint from time to time, by Letters Patent under

Chancellor of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, a Et Perfon, being a Barrifter E jland.

 CjOOQle

121

A-D.i8r3«	53°GEO. HI.	C. 24.

at Law of Fifteen Years (binding at the leaft, to be an additional Judge A (Tift ant to the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Com* taiffioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom for the time being, in the Difcharge of the judicial Fuodions of their refpe&ivc Offices, and to be called Vice Chancellor of England; to hold fuch Office during his good Behaviour.

II.	And be it further enaded by the Authority afoneiaid, That To hear and de-fuch Vice Chancellor (hall have full Power to hear and determine all **r“j»ne C.<ufes Caufes, Matters and Things, which (hall be at any time depending

in the Court of Chancery of England, either as a Court of Law, or either hu.aw or ns a Court of Equity, or incident So any minifterial Office of the (aid Equity.

Court, or which have been or (hall be fubmitted to the JurifJidion of the faid Court, or of the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiffioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal, for the time being, by the fpecial Authority ot any Ad of Parliament, as the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiffioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal, (hall from time to time dired; and all Decrees, Decrees valid,

Orders and Ads of fuch Vice Chancellor, fo made or done, (hall be &c.

deemed and taken to be refpedively, as the nature of the cafe (hall

require. Decrees, Orders and Ads of the faid Court of Chancery or

of fuch incident Jurifdidion as aforefaid, or under fuch fpecial

Authority as aforefaid, and (hall have Force and Validity, and be

executed accordingly 5 fubjed neverthelefs in every cafe to be re-

verfed, difeharged or altered by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper

or Lords Commiffioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal, for the

time being; and no fuch Decree or Order (hall be enrolled until the

fame (hall be figned by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords

Commiffioners of the Great Seal for the time being: Provided always,

that fuch Vice Chancellor (hall have no Power or Authority to dif

charge, reverfe or alter any Decree, Order, Ad, Matter or Thing	f	-

made or done by any Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords //v/4

Commiffioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal, unlefs authorised

by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiffioners for

the time being fo to do; nor any Power or Authority to difcharge,

reverfe or alter any Decree, Order, Ad, Matter or Thing made or

done by the Mafter of the Rolls.

III.	And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid, That Viet Chancellor fuch Vice Chancellor (hall fit for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper to fit»" Ab-

or Lords Commiffioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal, whenever ofnLrnJ they (hall refpedively require him fo to do 5 and (hall aifo at fuch or aVemrats other times as the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Com- Court a fame miffioners of the Great Seal (hall dired, fit in a feparate Court, time at Lord whether the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiffioners Chancellor is of the Great Seal, or the Mafter of the Rolls (hall be fitting or fitung* not; for which Purpofe the faid Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiffioners of the Great Seal refpedively, (hall make fuch Orders as to them refpedively (hall appear to be proper and convenient foom time to time as Occafion (hall require.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That Rank and Prt-fuch Vice Chancellor (hall have Rank and Precedence Lcxt to the ccdence.

Mafter of the Rolls.

V.	And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid, That Secretary, it fhall be lawful for His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, in and Trf,InTbf*r"r by fuch Letters Patent as aforefaid, or any other Letters Patent “n w#

under

 LjOOQle

tax

M*y be removed.

Oatb.

Money of Suit-on in Chancery, not exceeding 6o,oool. lying unemployed at Bank, placed out on Government, &c. Security; and from Inte-reft, Salaries of Vice Chancellor, he. to be paid quarterly.

CX24.	53#GEO.III.	A.D.1813^

under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, to diredl that fuch Vice Chancellor {hall have a Secretary, Trainbearer and Ufher ; and that the Secretaries and Deputy Regifters and other Officers appointed to attend the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiffioners of the Great Seal, (hall attend fuch Vice Chancellor when fitting for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiffioners re-fpedlively, and alfo when fitting in his feparate Court, as circumfiances {hall require, and as the faid Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiffioners refpedlively (hall order and diredl.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That it {hall be lawful for His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, to remove any fuch Vice Chancellor from his Office, upon an Addrefs of both Houfes of Parliament,

VII.	And be it further enadled by the Authority aforefaid, That the faid Vice Chancellor, previous to his executing any of the Duties of his Office, (hall take the following Oath, which tne Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiffioners of the Great Seal, or the Mafter of the Rolls for the time being, are hereby refpedlively authorized and required to adminifter; videlieit,

•	T	do	folemnly and fincerely promife and fwear,

*	That I will duly and faithfully, and to the bed of my Skill and € Power, execute the Office of Vice Chancellor of England.

€ So help ine God/

VIII.	And be it further enadled, That out of the Common and General Ca(h belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, which now lies or (hall hereafter lie dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, a Sum, not exceeding the Sum of Sixty thoufand Pounds, (hall and may, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the faid Court to be made for that Purpofe from time to time, be placed out in one entire Sum, or in Parcels, in the Name of the Accountant General of the faid Court, according to the General Rules and Orders of the faid Court, on fuch Government or Parliamentary Securities, as by fuch Order or Orders (hall be directed ; and fuch Securities mall be carried to an Account railed in purfuance of former Adis of Parliament, and intituled " Account “ of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the u Suitors, of the High Court of Chancery,” and (hall be made Part of the fame Account 5 and out of the Intereft and Dividends of all or any of the Securities purchafed out of the faid Common and General Ca(h in purfuance of former Adis, and to be purchafed in purfuance of this Adi, there (hall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of any Order or Orders of tne Court of Chancery, to be made from time to time for that Purpofe (but fubjedl and without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and Sums of Money by any former Adi diredled or authorized to be paid thereout), the feveral Salaries hereinafter mentioned ; (that is to fay,) the net yearly Sum of Five thoufand Pounds to tne faid Vice Chancellor for the time being, the net yearly Sum of Two hundred Pounds to his Secretary, the net yearly Sum of One hundred Pounds to his Trainbearer, and the net yearly Sum of Eighty Pounds to his Ufher; which Salaries (hall be paid free from Taxes, and (hall be paid Quarterly, on the Tentn Day of January, the Tenth Day of April, the Tenth

Day



A.D.1813*

53° GEO. in.

C.24-

Day of July, and the Fifteenth Day of Odober, in every Year 5 and the Firft of fuch Payments, or a proportionable Part thereof, to be computed from the time of the Appointment of fuch Vice Chancellory fhall.be made on the Firft of fuch Days of Payment which (hall firfb happen after the Date of the Letters Patent appointing fuch Vice Chancellor, and fuch Quarterly Payment (hall be payable and paid to fuch Vice Chancellor during the time he (hall continue to be Vice Chancellor, and to the Secretary, Trainbearer and Ulher of each fuch Vice Chancellor refpe&ively, during their Continuance in Office, together with a proportionable Part of any Quarterly Payment, to be computed from the lift preceding Day of Payment to the time	^

fuch Vice Chancellor, Secretary, Trainbearer or Ulher (hall die or ceafe to hold his Office; and the Surplus of the Intereft and Dividends of the Securities to be purchafed in purfuancc of this A 61 (hall be applied in the fame manner as the Surplus of the Intereft and Dividends of Securities purchafed purfuant to the faid former A&s is diredfed to be applied.

IX. And be it further enadted, That it (hall and may be lawful Changing Saco* for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiflioners for ritiea. the Cuftody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom for the time being, by any Order or Orders of the faid Court of Chancery, to change the Security or Securities to be purchafed purfuant to this Adi, or any Part or Parts thereof, for other Government or Parliamentary Securities, and again to change fuch Securities refpe&ively from time to time, and to give all neceflary Diredtions for fuch

Provided always, and be it further enadfed, That if at any time Money placed hereafter the whole or any Part of the Money to be placed out out, called in for purfuant to this A&, (hall be wanted to anfwer any of the Demands anfwering the of the Suitors of the .faid Court of Chancery, "then and in fuch cafe the faid Court may and (hall dired the fame or any Part thereof to be ul called in, or the Securities on which the fame (hall be placed to be difpofed of, in order that the Suitors of the faid Court may at all times be paid their refpedive Demands out of the Common and General Ca(h belonging to fuch Suitors.

XI And be it further enadfed, That out of the Interefts and Cofts, *rc. paid Dividends aforefaid, the Cofts, Charges and Expences of all Pro- from bereft ceedings to be had in Execution in purfuance of this A6t, (hall be ^ividen<lfc paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England by virtue of any Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpofe.

XII. And be it further enadfed, That the Lord Chancellor, Lord Additional Sum Keeper or Lords Commiflioners for the time being, (hall, from the time of M00*-a Vice Chancellor (hall be appointed in manner hereinbefore mentioned, g^terly out of the Fees and Emoluments belonging to and received in refpedt Jeesof Lord of the Cuftody of the Great Seal, or otherwife, pay or caufe to be Chancellor, &c. paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the net and carried to yearly Sum of Two thoufand five hundred Pounds, by Four Quarterly Account of Ag-Payments, on the Tenth Day of January, the Tenth Day of April,	Fund*

the Tenth Day of July and the Fifteenth Day of Odober in every Year 5 and the Firft of fuch Payments, or a proportionable Part thereof, to be computed from the time of appointing fuch Vice

11 /l_ii 1	 ji	 r	1	p	.1	r	•	1	?	r»

Puipofes.





14	C.24»2J*	53* GEO. IH.	AJD.i8i3,

fuch Vice Chancellor as aforefaid; and m cafe it (hall happen that any Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lord Commiffioner fhall die or ceafe to hold his Office between any of the faid Quarterly Days of Payments, fuch Perfon fo ceafing to hold bis Office, and the Executors or Adminiftrators of fuch Perfon fo dying, (hall pay a juft Proportion of the accruing Quarterly Payment, according to the time which (ball elapfe between the laft Day of Payment and the Death of fuch Perfon, or of his ceafing to hold his Office ; and the Perfon or Perfons who ihall fucceed to the Office of Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lord Commiffioner, (hall pay the Remainder ..	of fuch Quarterly Payment j and the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper

or Lords Commiflioners for the time being, (hall make Orders from time to time, as Occafion {hall require, for ascertaining the Sums of Money to be paid to the (aid Governor and Company in purfuance of this A&; and all fuch Sums of Money, when lo paid to the faid Governor and Company, fhall be carried to the Account of the Intereft and Dividends of the Securities hereinbefore mentioned, and may be applied to all the Purpofes to which fuch Intereft and Dividends are or may be applicable.

Fees not to be	XIII. And be it further enabled, That the faid Vice Chancellor

nemtd,	his Officers refpe&ively fhall not take or receive, or demand any

Fee or Reward whatsoever, over and above the Salaries hereinbefore dire&ed to be paid to them refpe&ively, for or in refpedl of any Bufinefs which (hall be done by fuch Vice Chancellor or his Officers, by virtue of the Powers and Authorities given by this A€t; but that all Fees for fuch Bufinefs fhall be taken and received by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal for the time being, or his or their proper Officers, in fuch and the fame Manner as if fuch Bufinefs had been done by fuch Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords CommiffioneT* re-fpedively.

CAP. XXV.

An AGt for the regulating of His Majefty’s Royal Marin* Forces while on Shore.	[23d	March	1813.]

*	VT 7 HE REAS it may be neceflary, for the Safety of the United 4 VV Kingdom, and the Defence of the PofTeflions of the Crown

*	of Great Britain and Ireland, that a Body of Royal Marine Forces 4 fhould be employed in His Maiefty's Fleet and Naval Service,

*	under the Direction of the Lord High Admiral or Commiflioners

*	for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United

*	Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: And whereas the Grid

*	Royal Marine Forces may frequently be quartered on Shore, or

*	fent to do Duty on Board Tranfport Ships or Merchant Ships or

*	Veflels, where they will not be fubjedl to the Laws relating to the

*	Government of His Mayfly’s Forces by Sea ; yet neverthelcfs it 4 being requifite for the retaining of fuch Forces in their Duty, that 4 an exafl Difcipline be olJerved ; and that Marines who fhall mutiny 4 or flir up Sedition, or fhall defert His Majc fly’s Service, be brought 4 to a more exemplary and fpeedy Punifnment than the Law will 4 allow Be it cnadted by the King's Mofl Excellent Majeftv, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament affembled, and

b7



A.D. 1813.	53°	GEO.	in.

by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the Twenty fifth Mwint Officer,

Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, if any NonComimf-

Perfon being entered or in Pay as an Officer of Royal Marines, or 9®***

who is or (hall be lifted or in Pay as a Non Commimoned Officer or

Private Man in any Division of Royal Marines in His Majefty’s

Service, aud on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand

eight hundred and thirteen (hall remain in fuch Service, or, during

the Continuauce of this Ad, (hall be voluntarily entered and in Pay,

as a Marine Officer or Private Man in His Majefty’s Service; and

being ordered or employed in fuch Service, at any time during the

Continuance of this Ad, on Shore in any Place within the faid King.

dom, or in any other of His Majefty’s Dominions, or in Foreign Parts,

or on board any Tranfport Snip or Merchant Ship or Veffel, (hall

begin, excite, caufe or jo.n in any Mutiny or Sedition in the Company Mutinying«r

to which he doth or (hall belong, or in any other Company, Troop deferring,

or Regiment, either of Marine or Land Forces, in His Majefty’s

Service 5 or (hall not ufe his utmoft Endeavours to fupprefs the fame,

or coming to the Knowledge of any fuch Mutiny, or intended

Mutiny, mail not, without Delay, give Information thereof to hit

Commanding Officer; or (hall defert His Majefty’s Service, or being

adually entered as a Marine in any Company, (hall lift himfelf in any jnPther

other Company, Troop or Regiment, or enter as a Seaman in His Regiment, Sec,

Majefty’s Service, without fir ft having a Difcharge in Writing from

the Officer commanding in Chief the Company in which he laft ferved

as a Marine, in which cafe he (hall be reputed a Deferter ; or (hall be flevpin* on or

found deeping upon his Poft; or (hall leave it before relieved; or (hall deferring his

hold Correfpondence with any Rebel or Enemy of His Majefty, or Poft» °.r

give them Advice or Intelligence of any Kind, by any way* of

means, or in any mannner whatfoever; or (hall treat with fuch

Rebels or Enemies, or enter into any Condition with them, without

His Majefty’s Licence, or Licence of the Lord High Admiral of the

United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or Three or more of

the Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of

the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being;

or (hall ftrike or ufe any Violence againft his fuperior Officer being in orftrikingor dif.

the Execution of his Office; or (hall difobey any lawful Command obeying his fu^e*

of his Superior Officer; all and every Perfon and rerfons fo offending Office

in any or either of the Matters before mentioned, on Shore, in any

Part of this Kingdom, or in any other of His Majefty’s Dominions,

or in Foreign Parts, or on’board any Tranfport Ship or Merchant

Ship or Veffel, (hall fuffer Death, or fuch other Punilhment as by a PunUhment

Court Martial (hall be in Aided.

II. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may, from time to Admirtltygrau time during the Continuance of this Ad, be lawful to and for the «g« Commit-faid Lord High Admiral, or Three or more of the (aid Commiffioners ^>n forjholdjng for executing the faid Office of Lord High Admiral for the time &^>UIt U%Ult being, to grant a Coramiffion, under his or their refpedive Hand or Hands, to any Officer of Royal Marines in His Majefty’s Service, not under the Degree of a Field Officer, for the holding a General Court Martial at any Place or Places, on Shore, in this Kingdom, or in any other of His Majefty’s Dominions; in every of which Courts Martial all or any of the Offences aforefaid, and all or any other of the Offences hereinafter fpecified, (hall be tried and proceeded againft in fuch manner as by this Ad is direded.

IU. And

C.2J.	I2J



»2 6

C. 25.

53® GEO.ni.

A.D. 1813.

Courts Martial may inflift Corporal Punifti-ment for Immoralities, 8c c.

Admiralty empowered to make Articles for PunUhment of Mutiny and Defection, Sec.

and to conftitute Courts Martial

Articles of War tranfmitted to Judges.

Provifo for Life and Limb.

Oaths by Members of Divifioual Couits Martial, fee.

Oaths.

III. And be it alfo enacted. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Courts Martial refpeftively, by their Sentence or Judgment, to inflift Corporal Punifhment not extending to Life or Limb, on any Marine for Immorality, Mifbehaviour or Neglect of Duty, on Shore, in any Place or Places within this Kingdom, or in any other of His Majefty's Dominions, or in Tranfports or Merchant Ships or Veflels, during the Continuance of this Aft.

iV. And be it further enadted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Lord High Admiral, or Three or more of the Comm;flioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, at any time during the Continuance of this Aft, to make and eftablifh Rules and Articles in Writing, under his or their refpeftive Hand or Hands, for the Punifhment of Mutiny and Defertion, Immorality, Mifbehaviour and Negleft of Duty, in any of His Majefly’s Royal Marine Forces, while on Shore, in any Part of this Kingdom, or in any other of His Majefty’s Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, or in Transport or Merchant Ships or Veflels, and for bringing Offenders againft the fame to Juflice, and to ereft and conftitute Court* Martial, with Power to try, hear and determine any Crimes or Offences fpecified in fuch Rules and Articles, and inflift Punishments, by Sentence or Judgment for the fame according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft ; and all fuch Articles of War (hall from time to time, as foon after the fame (hall have been eftablifhed as the fame can be done, be tranfmitted by the Secretary of the Admiralty for the time being to the Judges of His Majefty’s Courts at IVeft-minflcr and Dublin, and into Scotland refpeftively.

V.	Provided always, That no Perfon or Perfons (hall be adjudged to fuffer any Punifhment extending to Life or Limb by the faid Rules or Articles, within this Kingdom, except for fuch Crime or Crimes as is or are exprefied to be fo p uni (liable by this Aft.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That in all Trials by any Divifional or Detachment Courts Martial which (hall be held by virtue of this Aft, or of any Articles of War eftablifhed in ptfrfuance thereof, every Member afiifting at fuch Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, (hall take the Oaths hereinafter mentioned upon the Holy Evangelifts (which Oath (hall and may be adminiftered by the Prefident of the Court to the other Members thereof, and to the Prefident by any Member having firft taken the faid Oaths) ; that is to fay,

•	fhall wc^ an<* truly try and determine according to your 4 Evidence in the Matter now before you.

«	*	So	help you GOD/

•	T A. J5. do fwear, That I will truly adminifter Juftice according

•	** to the Rules and Articles for the better Government of His

4 Maiefty’s Royal Marine Forces when on Shore, and according to an 4 Aft of Parliament now in force for the Punifhment of Mutiny and 4 Defertion, and of other Crimes therein mentioned, without Par-4 tiality, Favour or Affeftion ; and if any Doubt fhall arife (which 4 is not explained by the faid Articles, or Aft of Parliament) 4 according to my Confluence, and the beft of my Underftanding, 4 and the Cuftom of Wy.	»	So help me GOD/

And the Prefident of every fuch Court Martial ( not being under the Rant of a Captain) fhall be appointed by the Commanding Officer of

13	the







A.D.i8r3-	f3°GE0.IIL	C.i$.

the Divifion or Detachment dfre&ing fuch Court Martial; and every fuch Divifional or Detachment Court Martial is hereby authorized and direfted to adminifter an Oath to every Witnefs that ihall appear before them.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed and delared, That in cafe of any Deferter ad* Non Commiilioned Officer or Marine tried and convi&ed of Defertion, to be whenfoever the Court Martial which (hall pafs Sentence upon fuch tr*r,rPorte<1-Trial (hall not think the Offence deferring of Capital Puniihment,

fuch Court Martial may, inftead of awarding a Corporal Puniihment, adjudge the Offender, if they (hall think fit, to be tranfported as a Felon for Life, or for a certain Term of Years, according to the .Degree of the Offence: And if fuch Non Commiilioned Officer or returning with. Marine, having been adjudged to be tranfported as a Felon, ihall outLeave, &©. afterwards (without Leave from His Majeffy, or from the Governor or Commanding Officer of the Place to which he ihall have been tranfported) return into any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, before the Expiration of the Term limited by fuch Sentence, and ihall be convi&ed thereof in the Ordinary Courfe Doth, of Law, he ihall fuffer Death.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That in all cafes His Majefty,

wherein a Capital Puniihment ihall have been awarded by a Court wher? Courts Martial, it ihall be lawful for His Majefty, inftead of cauiing fuch	award

Sentence to be carried into Execution, to order the Offender to be Punlfhinent tranfported as a Felon for Life, or for a certain Term of Years, as to may order *

. His Majefty ihall feem meet; and if the Perfon fo tranfported in Otienders to purfuance of fuch Order from His Majefty, ihall afterwards (without tranfported m Leave from His Majefty, or from the Governor or Commanding felon*»&c. „ Officer of the Place to which he (hall have been tranfported reftrn into any Part of Great Britain or Ireland, before the Expiration of the Term limited by fuch Order, and ihall be duly convi&ed thereof, he ihall fuffer Deatn.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That whenever His Majefty ihall ?n whstcafe

intend any fuch Sentence of a Court Martial to be carried into Sentence with Execution, or ihall be gracioufly pleafed to extend his Mercy, upon Majefty]* ‘ Condition of Tranfportation, to any Offender liable to the Puniih- Flc * jfc* ment of Death by the Sentence of a Court Martial, fuch Sentence, a„y of together with His Majefty s Pleafure upon the fame, ihall be notified K. B. &c. Order in Writing by the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of for Traufporta-Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commiffioners for executing the tion of fuch Of-Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, or any Three or «n^r* *^7. more of them, to any Juftice of the King’s Bench, Common Pleas,	*

or Baron of the Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif, and thereupon

fuch Juftice or Baron mail make an Order for the Transportation of

iuch Offender upon the Terms and for the Time which ihall be

fpecified in fuch Notification, and ihall alfo make fuch other Order

or Orders, and do all fuch other A&s confequent upon the fame,

as any fuch Juftice or Baron is authorized to make or do by an A6t

palled in the Twenty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled

An A3 for the effcBual Transportation of Felons and other Offenders,

and to authorize the Removal of Prifoners in certain cafes and for

other Purtofes therein mentioned, with refpe& to Offenders in fuch A& .	,

mentioned, tried at anv Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery

.in England, as in the {aid Ad mentioned; and fuch Order and Orders	-

lb to ©e made as aforefaid, and fuch Ads as ihall be fo done

at

12*

C.2J.

53* GKO. III.

AD. 1813.

Notification filed with Clerk of The Crown.

Certificate of

Cnnviflion

delivered.

Offenders under Sentence of Death, obtaining Hi* Majefty’s conditional Pardon.

Eicaj*.

General Court Maitial, Number of Members.

at aforefaid, fhall be obeyed and done by fufeh Perfon in whofe Cuftody fuch Offender fliall at that time be, and all other Perfons whom it may concern, and (hall be as effc&ual and have all the fame Confluences as any Order made under the Authority of the fisid Ad with refoed to any Offender in the faid Aft mentioned ; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor or Sirperintendant whom it may concern, and all Conftables, and other Perfons, fhall be bound to obey the aforefaid Order and Orders, be afiiftant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the fame Punifhment for Difobedience or interrupting the Execution of the fame, as they would be if the fame had been made under the Authority of the aforefaid Ad ; and every Perfon fo ordered to be tranfported as aforefaid fhall be fubjed tc-fpedively to all and every the Provifion and Provifious made by Law, and now in force concerning Perfons convided of any Crime and fentenced to be tranfported, or receiving His Majefty’s Pardon on Condition of Tranfportation.

X.	And be it further enaded, That the Juiliee or Baron who fhall make any fuch Order as aforefaid, under any fuch Notification of His Majefty’s Pleafure as aforefaid, fhall dired the faid Notification, and bis own Order made thereupon, to be filed in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of His Majefty’s Court of King’s Beneh, and to be there kept of Record; and tne faid Clerk of the Crown fhall receive a Fee of Two Shillings and Six pence, and no more, for filing the fame.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Clerk of The Crown of His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench fhall upon the Application of any fuch Offender who fhall be ordered by His Mikity to be tranfported as aforefaid, or of any other Perfon applying on his Behalf, or on the Application of any Perfon on Behalf of His Majefty, deliver a Certificate in Writing under his Hand (not taking for the fame more than Two Shillings and Six pence), containing an Account of the Chriftian Name and Surname of fuch Offender, of his Offence, of the Place where the Court was held, before whom he was convicted, and of the Terms and Con-ditions on which Hia Majefty’s Order for fuch Offender’s Tranfportation was given ; which Certificate fhall be fufficient Proof of the Convidion and Sentence of fuch Offender, and alfo of the Terms on which fuch Order for his Tranfportation was given in any Court, and in any Proceeding wherein it may be neceuary to enquire into the fame.

XIL And be it further enaded, That if any Offender, under Sentence of Death by a Court Martial as aforefaid, fhall obtain Hia Majefty’s conditional Pardon as aforefaid, all and every the Laws now in force touching the Efcape of Felons under Sentence of Death, fhall apply to fuch Offender, and to all Perfons aiding, abetting or affifttng in any Efcape, or intended Efcape of any fuck Offender, or contriving any fuch Efcape, from the time when fuch Order fhall be made by fuch Juft ice or Baron as aforefaid, and during all the feveral Proceedings which fhall be bad for the Purpofea aforefaid.

XIII. And it is hereby farther enaded and declared, That no General Court Martial which fhall have Power to fit by virtue of this Ad, fhall confift of a lefs Number than Thirteen, whereof none to be under the Degree of a Cocnmsffioned Officer; except Courts

14	Martial



AJD.iti).	53°GEO. III.	C.a$.	129

Martial to be holden on any Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer or Private Marine, who may be Serving on Shore in any Place beyond the Seas and out of Hit Majefty’s Dominions or oat of the Eaft Indies, in Which cafes any General Court Martial may con lift of any Number not lefs than Seven, and the Prefident of fact) Court Martial (hall not be under the Degree of a Field Officer of Royal Marines, unlefs where fuch Field Officer cannot be had 5 in which cafe the Marine Officer next in Seniority to fuch Field Officer, not being under the Degree of a Captain, (hall prefide at fuch Court Martial 5 and that fuch Court Martial (hall have Power and Authority, and are hereby required to adminifter an Oath to every Witnefs, in order to the Examination or Trial of any of the Offences that (hall come before them.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That in all Trials of Offenders Oaths by Mem-by General Courts Martial to be held by virtue of this A&, every General Officer prefent at fuch Trial, before any Proceedings be had there-	Martial

upon, (hall take the following Oaths upon the Holy Evangelifts, before the Court and Judge Advocate, or his Deputy (whoare hereby authorized to adminifter the fame), in thefe Words ; that is to*fay,

•	Ihall	well	and truly try and determine according to the Evi- Oaths.

*	dence which (hall be given in the Matter now before you, be-

•	tween our Sovereign Lord The Ewing’s Majefty and the Prifoner to

*	be tried.	*	So	help	you GOD/

€ J A. B. do fwear, That I will duly adminifter Juftice, according

#	to an Aft of Parliament now in force, for the Regulation of His € Majefty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore > and according to the

Rules and Articles made in purfuance of the faid Ad of Parliament for the Punifhment of Mutiny and Defertion, and other Crimes therein refpeftivcly mentioned, without Partiality, Favour or Affec-€ tion ; and if any Doubt (hall arife (which is not explained by the laid Ad of Parliament, or the faid Rules and Articles), according' g to my Confcience, the belt of my Underftanding, and the Cuftdm

•	of War in like cafes: And I further fwear. That I will not divulge c the Sentence of the Court until it (hall be approved by the Lord

High Admiral, or Three or more of the Commimoners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ; neither will I, upon any account at any time

*	whatfoever, difclofe or difcover the Vote or Opinion of any parti-

*	cular Member of the Court Martial, unlefs required to give Evi*

*	dence thereof as a Witnefs by a Court of Juftice, in a due Courfe

*	of Law.	‘	So	help	me GOD/

And fo foon as the faid Oaths (hall have been adminiftered to the jujge Advocate refpedive Members, the Prefident of the Court is hereby authorized twcra. ana required to adminifter to the Judge Advocate, or the Perfon officiating as fuch, an Oath in the following Words:

‘ T A. B. do fwear. That 1 will not upon any account, at any time

*	whatfoever, difclofe or difcover the Vote or Opinion of any par-

« ticular Member of the Court Martial, unlefs required to give Evi-% dence thereof, as a Witnefs, by a Court of Juftice, in a due Courfe g of Law.	*	So	help	me GOD/

And no Sentence of Death (hall be given againft any Offender by any In Seutcncss ui fuch General Court Martial as afore&id, unlefs Nine Officers prefent. Death, wh«t or where the CoOrt Martial (hall confifl of Seven Members, unlefs Number of Eve Officers prefent (hall concur therein \ and if there be more Offi- cur t0 co** 55 Gso. III.	K	cert	*

»!•

Hours of Trial.

Peferters tranf. ported for Life, 4c c.

Court! Martial nee

Off nd» n to Inipuioament, 4c c.

Penalty.

P.»y forfeited during Imprifcll-ment*

C.2J.	5J*<3®0.	IK.

cert pi*font that! Thirteen, or Seven re£pe£tmly, then the Judgment iha)l pafs by the Concurrence of T wo Thirds of the Officers prefent % and no Proceeding or Trial (hall be had upon any Offence, but be* tween the Hours of Ei^ht of the Clock in the Morning and Three im the Afternoon, except in cafes which require an immediate Example.

XV; And be it further euaefced and declared. That in cafe of any Non Commiffioned Officer or Marine tried and convided of Defer-tion, whenfoever the Court Martial which (hall pafs Sentence upoa £uch Trial (hall not think the Offence deferring of Capital Punifi*-ment, fuch Court Martial may, inftead of awarding a Corooral Puniih-ment, adjudge the Offender according to the Nature of the Offence* if they (nail think fit, to be tranfported as a Felon for Life or for a certain Term of Years} and if fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Marine, having been adjudged to be tranfported as a Felon, fhaU afterwarJs (without Leave from His Majefty, or from the Governor or Commanding Officer of the Place to which he (hall have been tranfported) return into or be found at large without Leave as afore-faid, or other lawful canfe, within any Part of the United Kingdom of Ureal Britain and Ireland, or in any of His Maiefty’s Poffeffions Abroad, other than the Place to which he (hall have been tranfported, before the Expiration of the Term limited by fuch Sentence, and (hall be convi&ed thereof in the ordinary Courle of Law, every fuch Peifon (hall be deemed and adjudged guilty of Felony, and fhall fuffer Dearh hs a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful for any General or other Court Martial to fentence any Non Commiffioned Officer, or Private Marine to imprifonment in any Houfe of Corre&ion, Common Gaol or Public Prifon, or in any other Place which fuch Court may deem fit and convenient for that Purpofe ; and all Gaolers and Keepers of fuch Houfe3 of CoiTe6tioa or Prifons (hall receive into their Cuftody and keep in Confinement, for fuch time as they (hall be refpe&ively required fo to do, or until difeharged, any Non Commiffioned Officer or Private Marine who may have been fentenced to Imprifonment by any General or other Const Martial, a.;d (hall provide a proper Place for the Confinement of any fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Private Marine, according to the Sentence of fuch Court, during the Period of his Imprifonment, upon receiving an Order in Writing from the Commanding Officer of the Divifion at which fuch Generator other Court Martial (hall have been held ; and every Gaoler and Keeper of a Houfe of Corre&ion -of Prifon who (hall refufe to receive and to confine any fuch Non Com. miffioned Officer or Private Marine in manner as afore faid, fhall forfeit, for every luch Offence, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by A6tion of Debt or Information for the Ufe -of ttb Majefty.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Non Coimnjfiianed Officer or Private Marine, to be imprifoned as aforefaid, (hall forfeit all Right to any Pay, from the Day of his Commitment, -during the time of fuch Imprifonment ; and alfo that, during the Continuance of any fuch Imprifonment, the Gaoler or Keeper of fuch Prifon or Houfe of Corre&ion fhall receive the Sum of Nine pence per Diem out of the Subfiftence of fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Private Marine, duripg the time that fuch Non Commiffioned Officer 6f Private Marine (hall continue in Cuftody, which laid Sum the Lords

Commit*

 UjOOQle

A.D. iSij.	53*GEO. IQ.	C25.	\3l

Commttfioners of tht Admiralty are hereby authorized and required to caufe to be paid by the Paymafter of Royal Marines to the faid Gaoler or Keeper aforefaid, upon receiving an Application in Writing to their Secretary, figned by any Juftice of the Peace for the County or Riding in which fuch Gaol, Prifon, or Houfe of Corredion (hafl be locally fituate, together with a Copy of the Order under which the faid Non Commiffioned Officer or Private Marine was confined :

Provided always, that it (hall be lawful for the Lords Comfruffioners Provifo. of the Admiralty for the time being, if they (bould think fit, to order the Iflue and Payment of the Surplus of fuch Pay, or any Portion thereof, or of any Arrears thereof, to or on account of fuch Non Com-miffioned Officer or Private Marine during or after the Expiration of the Period of his Imprifonment.

XVIII.	And be it enaded, That the Party tried by any General Party entitled te, Court Martial to be held as aforefaid, (hall be entitled to a Copy andCpio-of the Sentence and Proceedings of fuch Courts Martial, upon CCedi„gS, JDemand thereof made by himfelf, or by any other Perfon or Perfons

on his Behalf (he or they paying reasonably for the fame), at any time not fooner than Three Months after fuch Sentence, whether fuefi Sentence be approved or not ; any thing in this Ad to the contrary notwithflanding.

XIX.	And be it enaded. That every Judge Advocate or Perfon Original Pro-officiating as fuch at any General Court Martial to be held as afore-

laid, do, and he is hereby required to tranfmit, with as much Ex- ^SMutaryof pedition as the Opportunity of Time and Diftance of Place can admit. Admiralty, &c. the original Proceedings and Sentence of fuch Court Martial to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the time being ; which original Proceedings and Sentence (hall be by him carefully kept and preferved in the Office of the Admiralty of Great Britain and Ireland, to the End that the Perfons entitled thereto may be enabled, upon Application to the faid Office, to obtain Copies thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad.

• XX. Provided always, and be it hereby declared and enaded, That no Marine, either Officer or Private Man, being acquitted or conr vided of any Offence at any fuch Court Martial as aforefaid, (hall he liable to be tried a Second time by the fame or any other Court Martial, for the fame Offence, and that no Sentence given by any Court Martial, and figned by the Prefident thereof, be liable to be revifed more than once.

XXL And be it further enaded, That if any Officer or Private Man, in any of His Majefty's Dominions beyond the Seas, or elfe-where beyond the Seas, commit auy of the Offences for which he may - be liable to be tried by Courts Martial, by virtue of this Ad, and (hall efcape and come or be brought into this Realm, before he be tried by a Court Martial for fuch Offence, and (hall be apprehended for the fame ; fuch Officer or Private Man (hall be tried for the fame, as if the fame Offence had been committed within this Realm.

XXII.	Provided always, That nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to exempt any Royal Marine, either Officer or Priyate Man, whatsoever, while on Shore, froto being proceeded againft by the ordinary Courfe of Law.

XXIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That no Perfon or Perfons being acquitted or convided of any Capital Crimes, Violences or Offences by the Civil Magiftifite, (hall be liable to be puni-fhed by a Court Martial for the fame, otherwife than by cafhiering.

K 2	XXIV.	Pro-

None tried a Sec< n i time for fame

Deferten beyond Sea, See. tried here.

not to ex-empt any on Shore from ordinary Procefs.

Perfons acquitted, flee. by Civil Magiilrate cafhicsed.

 CjOOQle

Convi&ed of Criminal Of-f jncet not entitled to Pay.

Accufed of Capi-t ji 1 Crime;, &c. delivered over to Civil Magiitrate, fee.

Ofllter refufinr.

unilhmtnt.

Fiflitiou* Names allowed hy Hi* Majefty** Order upon Mu *er Rolls for Maintenance of Officers*Widows.



Piymaftertopay full Pay offuch Men to Receiver.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That no Officer or

Marine having been convi&ed in the ordinary Courfe of Law of any Criminal Offence, (hall, while under confinement in confequtnce thereof, be entitled to any Part of his Pay from the Day on which fuch Convi&ion fhall have taken place, nor until the Day of his Return to the Company to which he fhall belong.

XXV.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena£ted, That if any Marine Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer or Private Man, fhall be accufed of any Capital Crime, or of any Violence or Offence againft the Perfon, Eftate or Property of any of His Majefty’s Subjects, which is punifhable by the known Laws of the Land; the Commanding Officer or Officers of every Company or Party is and are hereby required to ufe his and their utmofl Endeavours to deliver over fuch accufed Perfon to the Civil Magiflrate ; and fhall alfo be aiding and aflifting to the Officers of Juflice in thefeizing and apprehending fuch Offender, in order to bring him to Trial : And if any fuch Commanding Officer fhall wilfully negledil or refufe, upon Application made to him for that Purpofe, to deliver over any fuch accufed Perfon to the Civil Magiflrate, or to be aiding and aflifting to the Officers of Juflice in the apprehending fuch Offender, every fuch Officer fo offending, and being thereof convicted, before any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the County where the Fa& is committed, by the Oath of Two credible Witneffes, fhall be deemed and taken to be ipfo fad• cafhiered and fhall be utterly difabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within this Kingdom 5 or in His Majefty’s Service ; provided the faid Convi&ion be affirmed at the next Quarter Seffions of the Peace for the faid County, and a Certificate thereof be tranfmitted to the Judge Advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the fame to the next Court Martial.

‘ XXVI. And whereas His Majefty has been gracioufly pleafed,

*	in Compaflion to the diftreffed Condition of feveral Widows of ‘ Officers of the Array, who have loft their Lives in the Service of

*	the late War, or during the late Rebellion, by Orders made under

*	His Royal Sign Manual, to dire& His Commijrary General of

*	the Mufters to allow, upon the Mufter Rolls of all the Regiments,

*	Troops and Companies, a Number of fi&itious Names therein

*	mentioned, inftead of Private Men, in order to raife and fettle a

*	Fund for the Maintenance of fuch Widows of Officers as are or € fhall be entitled to His Royal Bounty Therefore, for the more effe&ually fulfilling His Majefty's faid gracious Intentions with re-fpedt to the allowing of fiffcitious Names upon the Mufter Rolls of the faid Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, for the Purpofet aforefaid, be it further ena&ed and declared, That it fhall and may be lawful, during the Continuance of this A6>, to and for the faid Lord High Admiral, or Three or more of the faid Commiflioners for exe-ecuting the faid Office of Lord High Admiral for thejtime being, by Orders in Writing under his or their refpe&ive Hand or Hands, to direct the Perfon for the time being authorized to pay the faid Royal Marine Forces, to pay over the full Pay offuch fi&itious Private Men as {hair be allowed on the Mufter Rolls of the faid Royal Marine Forces while on Shore as aforefaid, to the proper Receiver appointed by His Majefty, according to fuch Orders and InftrufUons aa Hia Majefty fhall be pleafed to make under His Sign Manual, for the Purpole aforefaid $ and that no Allowance of any fuch fi&itious

Name

 CjOOQle

A.D. 1813.	530GEO. III.	C.25.	13s

Name upon any Mailer Roll of the faid Royal Marine Forces while on Shore as aforefaid, fhall be conftrued to be a falfe Mutter; any thing in this Ad, or any former Ad, contained to the contrary not-with Handing.

‘ XXVII. And whereas there is and may be Occafion for the 4 marching and quartering of the faid Royal Marine Forces in feveral • Parts ofthis KingdomBe it further enaded, That, for and during Conftable*,Jkc. the Continuance of this Ad, and no longer (in purfuance of an Order xo quarter Of-or Orders in Writing in that Behalf, under the Hand of the faid Lord ficers and Me* High Admiral, or under the Hands of Three or more of the Commif- j" Inns, AU-fioners for executing the faid Office of Lord High Admiral for the houfc4»<,c* time being), it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Con (tables,

Tithingmen, Headboroughs and other Chief Officers and Magiftrates of Cities, Towns and Villages, and other Places within England and Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in their Default or Abfence, for any One Juftice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any fuch City, Town, Village or Place, and for no others; and fuch Con-flables, and other Chief Magiftrates as aforefaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the Marines, both Officers and Private Men, in His Majefty’s Service, in Inns, Livery Stables, Alehoufes, Vic-tualling-houfes, and the Houfes of Sellers of Wine by Retail, to be drank in tbeir own Houfes, or Places thereunto belonging ; and all Houfes of Perfons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder or Me- hut in no Diflit* theglin, by Retail, to be drank in Houfes, other than and except the lers* or Shop- . Houfeor Houfes of any Diftillers, who keep Houfes or Places fjr keepew* Houfet, diftilling Brandy or Strong Waters, and the Houfe of any Shop-	pnva*

keeper whofe principal Dealings (hall be more in other Goods and Merchandize than in Brandy and Strong Waters f fo as fuch Diftillers and Shopkeepers do not permit or fuffer Tippling in his or their Houfes), and in noothqr, and in no private Houfes whatfoever, without the Confent of the Occupier, nor (hall any more Billets at any time be ordered than there are effedive Royal Marines prefent to be quartered 5 and if any Conftable, Tithingman, or fuch like Officer or Magiftrate, as aforefaid, (hall prefume to quarter or billet any fuch Officer or Private Man in any fuch private Houfe without the Confent of the Occupier, in fuch cafe fuch Occupier fhall have his or their Remedy at I^aw againft fuch Magiftrate or Officer, for the Damages that fuch Occupier fhall fuftain thereby : And if any Marine Officer penalty.

(hall take upon nim to quarter Private Men otherwise than is limited and allowed by this Ad, or fhall ufe or offer any Menace or Com. pulfton to any Mayors, Conftables or other Civil Officers before mentioned, tending to deter and difeourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed 5 fuch Marine Officer (hall for every fuch Offence (being thereof convided before any Two or more of the next Juftices of the Peace of the County, by the Oath of Two credible Witneffes) be deemed and taken to be ipfa faQo cafhiered, and (hall be utterly difabled to have or hold any Military Employment within this Kingdom, or in His Majefty** Service \ provided the faid Convidion be affirmed at the next Quarter Seffiona of the Peace of the faid County, and a Certificate thereof be tranf-mitted to the Judge Advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the fame to the next Court Martial 5 and in cafe any Perfon fhall find himfelf aggrieved, in that fuch Conftable, Tithingman or Headbo-rough, Chief Officer or Magiftrate (fuch Chief Officer or Magiftrate

K 3	not

Aegritvad by being quartered on, iMyeonfUin t*

lift	C.2$.	53’GEO.	El.'	A.O.tiij.*

any Juftice and »i relieved.

Marines net

I-ill tied above One Mile from Place mentioned in Route.

Officer* and Maiine* to pay Rates for Pi wifions.

In didders r<*-lufing to Wnifh Men qua tend or- them with P-'cat, t<» allow th m Candles, ‘'mall Be.r, &c. gratis.

Taking Money to eicufe from quartering.

not being * Juftice of tbe Peace), baa quartered or billet ted in his Houfe a greater Number of Royal Marines than he ought to bear in Proportion to his Neighbours, and (hall complain thereof to One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace of the Divifion, City or Liberty, where fuch Royal Marines are quartered; or in cafe fuch Chief Officer or Magiftrate (hall be a Juftice of the Peace, then on Complaint made to Two or more Juftices of the Peace of fuch Divifion, City or Liberty, fuch Juftice or Juftices refpeftively (hall have, and is or are hereby declared to have, Power to relieve fuch Perfon by ordering fuch and fo many of the faid Royal Marines to be removed ana quartered upon fuch other Perfon or Perfons as they (hall fee caufe; and fuch other Perfon or Perfons (hall be obliged to receive fuch Royal Marines accordingly.

* XXVIII. And as very great Detriment and Inconvenience arife

•	to the Service from the difperfing and billetting of Marines when

•	on a March at a great Diftance from the Place or Places where they

*	are meant to be quartered, by reafon of which they are placed wid*

*	of their intended Route for the next Day’s March Be it therefore enafted, That at no time when Marines are on a March (hall any of them be billettcd above One Mile from the Place or Places mentioned in the Route.

XXIX.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby enafted, That th£ Marine Officers and Private Men, fo quartered and billetted as afore-faid, (hall be received and furniftied with Diet and Small Beer by the Owners of the Inns, Livery Stables, Alehoufes, Viftualling-houfes, and the Houfes of Sellers of Wine, by Retail, to be drank in theif own Houfes or Places thereunto belonging, and other Houfes m which they are allowed to be quartered and billetted by this Aft; paying and allowing for the fame the feveral Rates hereinafter mentioned to be payable out of the Subfiftence Money for Diet and Small Beer.

XXX.	Provided always, That in cafe any Innholder, or other Perfon on whom any Non Commiffioned Officers or Private Men (ball be quartered by virtue of this Aft (except on a March or employed hi recruiting, and likewife except the Recruits by them raifed, for tbfe Space of Seven Days at moft for fuch Non Commiffion Officers and Private Men who are recruiting and Recruits by them raifed), (hall be defirous to furnifh fuch Non Commiffion Officers and Private Men with Candles, Vinegar and Salt, and with either Small Beer or Cyder* not exceeding Five Pints for each Man per Diem gratis, and allow tt> fuch Non Commiffion Officers or Private Men the Ufe of Fire, afid the necefiary Utenfils for drefling and eating their Meat, and (hall give Notice of fuch his Defire to the Commanding Officer, and (hall furnifh and allow the fame accordingly ; then and in fuch «afe the Non Commiffion Officers and Private Men fo quartered fhall provide their own Viftuals ; and the Officer to whom it belongs to receive, or who fhall actually receive the Pay and Subfiftence of fuch Non Com-miffion Officers and Private Men, (hall pay the feveral Sums hereinafter mentioned to be payable out of the Subfiftence Money for Diet and Small Beer, to the Non Commiffion Officers and Private Men aforefaid, and not to the Innholder or other Perfon on whom fuch Non Commiffion Officers and Private Men are quartered ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXI.	Prodded always, and be it enafted, That if any Marine Officer (hall take, or caule to be' taken, or knowingly fuller to be

15	takes

 i^ooQle

AJD.iSij.

j3*geo. m.

C.25.

*31

taken airy Money ©f any Perfon for excufing the quartering of Officer* or Private Men, or any of them, in any Houfe allowed by this A6t, every ftich Officer fhall be cafhiered, and be incapable cf ferving in toy Military Employment whatfoever.

* XXXII. And whereas it may be for the Benefit of the Service,

* for the Commanding Officer to have Power to exchange the Billets 4 or Quarters of Marines quartered in the fame Town or PlaceBe it therefore ena&ed, That the Commanding Officer of Royal Marines, in any Town or Place where fuch Marine Forces are quartered, (hall and he is hereby declared to have Power from time to time to exchange toy Marine or Marines quartered in fuch Town or Place for any other Marine or Marines quartered in the fame Town or Place, provided the Number of Men do not exceed the Number at that time billetted on fuch Houfes refpe&ively, where fuch Men (hall be exchanged 5 and the Conftables, Tithingmen, Headboroughs and other Chief Officers and Magiftrates of the Cities, Towns and Villages, or other Places, where any of the faid Royal Marine Forces (hall be quartered, are hereby required to billet fuch Men fo exchanged accordingly.

XXXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, no Paymafter or other Officer or Perfon whatfoever, fhall receive any Fees, or make any Deductions whatfoever, out of the Pay of any Marine, either Officer or Private Man, in His Majefty’s Service ; or from their Agents, which fhall grow due from and after the faid Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, othef than the ufuai Deductions for Clothing and Twelve pence in the Pound to be difpofed of as His Majefty fhall think fit, and the One Day’s Pay of the Officers now paid to the Paymafter of Widows’ Penfions, and fuch other neceffary Deductions as fhall from time to time be directed by the faid Lord High Admiral, or Three or more of the Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, by Order in Writing under his or their refpeCtive Hand or Hands.

XXXIV.	And, that the Quarters both of the faid Marine Officers and Private Men, while on Shore as aforefaid, may, during the Continuance of this ACt, be duly paid and fatisfied, and His Majefty’s Duties of Excife better anfwered, be it enaCted, That, from and after the faid Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, every Officer or other Perfon to whom it belongs to receive, or that fhall actually receive the Pay or Subfiftence Money, for one or more particular Company or Companies of the faid Royal Marine Forces or other wife, fhall immediately upon each Receipt of every particular Sum which fhall from time to time be paid, returned, or come to his or their Hands, on Account of Pay or Subfiftence, give public Notice thereof to all Perfons keeping Inns, or other Placet where Officers or Private Men are quartered by virtue of this A£t; and fhall alfo appoint the faid Innkeepers, and others, to repair to their Quarters at fuch times as they fhall appoint for the Diftnbution and Payment of the faid Pay or Subfiftence Money to fuch Officers or Private Men, which fhall be within Four Days at the fartheft after the Receipt of the fame, as aforefaid ; and the faid Innkeepers, and others, fhall then and there acquaint fuch Officer or Officers with the Accounts Or Debts (if aoy fhall be), between them and the Officers and Private Men fo quartered in their refpectiv# Houfes; which

K 4	^Account#

Puniffiment.

Commanding Officer may exchange Marines in their Quarters,

and Conftables to billet fame accordingly.

No Paymafter, See. to make Deductions out of Officers’ or Private Men’s Pay.

Officers togivs Notice to Ion-, keepers of Sublet ence Money in their Hands.





»3<J

Rites of Sub* fifteme p:.id to Innkeeper *3,5c c.

Officers not

giving Notice of SuSfirtence *-foney and paying yuarteri.

Paymader to Ikisfy them out of Arrears.

In what cafe P.ivmafter may deau& out of next Subfiftence Money.

Offi cer* neglecting, calhiered

On moving from Quarters,Officer to make up Accounts, and give Certificates for Money due. Payroafter to pay Sum certified for.

Officers, See. quartered in Scotland, as Laws in force at Union dir«&,

C. 25.	53*	GEO.	III.	A-D.	181 f

Accounts the faid Officer or Officers is or are hereby required to accept of, and immediately pay the fame, before any Part of the faid Pay or Subfidence be djftributed either to the Officers or Privater Men : Provided the faid Accounts exceed not, for One Marine Com* miffion Officer under the Degree of a Captain, for fuch Officer’s Diet and Small Beer, ter Diem, One Shilling; and if fuch Officer (hall have a Horfe or Horfes, for each fuch Horfe or Horfcs, for their Hay* and Straw,per Diem, Six pence 5 nor for One Private Man's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, Four pence 5 and if any Officer or Officers aa aforefaid, (hall not give Notice as aforefaid, and (hall not immediately* upon producing fuch Account dated, fatisfy, content and pay the fame, upon Complaint and Oath made thereof by any TwoWitneffet* at the next Quarter Seffions for the County or City wherein fuch Quarters were (which Oath the Judices of fhe Peace at fuch Seffions are hereby authorized and required to adminider), the Paymader, or Perfon for the time being authorized to pay the faid Royal Marine Forces, is hereby required and authorized (upon Certificate of the faid Jufiices, before whom fuch Oath was made, of the Sum due upon fuch Accounts, and the Perfons to whom the fame is owing), to pay and fatisfy the faid Sums out of the Arrears due to the faid Manne Officer or Officers, upon Penalty that fuch Paymader or Perfon (hall forfeit their refpe&ive Place or Places of Paymader or otherwife, and be difeharged from holding the fame for the future 5 and in cafe there (hall be no Arrears due to the faid Officer or Officers, then the faid Paymader or Perfon for the time being authorized to pay the faid Royal Marine Forces, is hereby authorized and required to dedu& the Sums he (hall pay, purfuant to the Certificate of the faid Judices, out of the next Pay or Subfidence Money of the Company to which fuch Officer or Officers (hall belong ; and fuch Officer or Officers* (hall, for fuch their Offence, or for negle&ing to give Notice of the Receipt of fuch Pay or Subfidence Money as aforefaid, be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared ipfo fa Bo calhiered.

XXXV.	And, where it (hall happen that the Subfidence Money due to any Marine Officer or Private Man (hall, by Occafion of any Accident, not be paid to fuch Officer or Private Man, or fuch Officer or Private Man (hall negled to pay the fame, fo that Quarters cannot be or are not paid as this A& dire£U, in every fuch cafe, it is hereby further enacted. That every fuch Officer (hall, before hit or their Departure out of his or their Quarters, where fuch Company (hall remain for any time whatibever, make up the Accounts, fa this ACt directs, with eveiy Perfon with whom fuch Company (hall have quartered, and (ign a Certificate thereof, and give the laid Certificate* (o by him figned, to the Party to whom fuch Money is due, with the Name of fuen Company to which he or they (hall belong 5 to the End the faid Certificate may be forthwith tianlmitted to the proper Pay-mader of the Royal Marines, who is hereby required immediately to make Payment thereof to the Perfon or Peiions to whom fuch Money (hall be due, to the End the fame may be applied to fuch Company under Pain as is before in this Aft directed for Nonpayment of Quarters.

XXXVI.	And be it ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful to quarter Officers and Private Men of His Majefty’s Royal Marine Forces in Scotland, in fuch and the like Places and Houfesas Officers and .Private Men of the Land Forces might have been quartered in.





A.D.1813*	sfGEQ.UI.	C.2jf.

Vy the Laws in force m Scotland at the time of the Union; and that the Poflefiors of fuch Houfes (hall only be liable to fumi(h the faid Marine Officers and Private Men quartered there, as by the laid Laws in force at the timeof the Union was provided with refpe& to the Officers and Private Men of the Land forces; and that no fuch Marine Officer (hall be obliged to pay for his Lodging, where he (hall be regularly billetted, except in the Suburbs of Edinburgh.

XXXVII.	Aod be it further enacted. That it (hall and may be lawful to quarter Officers and Marines in Ireland in fuch and the like Places and Houfes as they might have been quartered in, by the Laws in force in Ireland at the time of its Union with Great Britain, and that the Poflefiors of fuch Houfes (hall only be liable to furnifh the faid Officers and Marines quartered there, as by the faid Laws in force at the time of the faid Union was provided ; and that if any Perfon in Ireland, liable to have Officers and Marines quartered and billetted on him, (hall refufe to receive or vi&ual any fuch Officer or Marine fo quartered and billetted upon him or her as aforefaid, or (hail refufe to fumiffi any fuch Officer or Marine fo quartered or bil-lctted, in fuch manner as by the faid Laws in force in Ireland at the time of the faid Union was provided, every fuch Perfon fo refuting (hall be fubje& and liable to all fuch Penalties as any Perfon fo refuting was liable to, under or by virtue of any Laws in force in Ireland at the time of the faid Union.

XXXVJ1I. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and maybe lawful for any Two or more Juft ices of the Peace for the County, Town or Place, where any Non Com million Officer or Marine (hall be quartered in that Part of Great Britain called England, in cafe fuch Non Commiffion Officers or Private Marine have either Wife or Child or Children, to be fummoned before them, in the Town or Place where fuch Non Commiffion Officer or Marine (hall be quartered, in order to make Oath of the Place of their lait legal Settlement (which Oath the faid Juftices are hereby empowered to adminifter); and fuch Nop Commiffion Officers and Private Marines as aforefaid are hereby dire&ed to obey fuch Summons, and to make Oath accordingly; and fuch Juftices are hereby required to give an attefted Copy of fuch Affidavit fo made before them to the Perfon making the fame, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer, in order to be produced when required; which attefted Copy (hall be at any time admitted in Evidence as to fuch laft legal Settlement before any of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace, or at any General or Quarter Seffion of the Peace: Provided always, that in cafe any Non Com-mHfion Officer or Private Marine (hall be again fummoned to make Oath, as aforefaid, then on fuch attefted Copy of the Oath by him formerly taken being produced by him or by any other Perfon on his behalf, fuch Non Commiffioq Officer or Marine (hall not be obliged to take any other or further Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but (hall leave a Copy of fuch attefted Copy of Examination if required. ,

XXXIX. And be it further ena&ed, That, for the better and more regular Provition of Carriages for His Maiefty's Royal Marine Forces m their Marches, or for their Arms, Clothes and Accoutrements in England, Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed\ all Juftices of the Peace, lyithin the feveral Counties, Ridings, Divitions, Shires, Liberties and Prcein&s^ being duly required

thereunto



and in Ireland

as Laws in f ree at Union <Lre&»

Two Juftices

may furamon Marines having Vi ife or Children to make Oath of laft Settlement*

Juftices may order Conftabfes to provideCarrugos for Matins Forces in Marches.

 LjOOQle



C.15*

ffato. m.

iulX iftift.

thereunto by tbe foid Lord High Admiral, or Three or more of the Commiffioners for executing the faid Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, by an Order in Writing under his or their refpe&ive Hand or Hands, (hall, as often as fuch Order (hall be brought and (hewn unto One or more fuch Juftice or Juft ices, by the Officer or Officers of the Company or Companies of Royal Marines fb ordered to march, iffue out his or their Warrrant or Warrants to the High Conftables, or Petty Conftables, of the Divifion, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred or Precinft, from, through9 near or to which fuch Company or Companies (hall be ordered to march, requiring them to make fuch Provifion for Carriages, with able Men to drive tne fame, as (hall be mentioned in the faid Warrant, allowing them fufficient time to do the fame, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burthen ; and in cafe fufficient Car-riages cannot be provided within any fnch Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred, Divifion or Precind, then the next Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the County, Riding or Divifion, (hall upon fuch Order as aforefaid being brought, or (hewn to One or more of them, by any of the Marine Officers aforefaid, iffue his or their Warrant or Warrants to the High Conftables or Petty Conftables of fuch next County, Riding, Liberty, Divifion or Precindfc for lUtes for Car- the Purpofes aforefaid, to make up fuch Deficiency ; and the afare* ruges.	faid	Officer	or	Officers,	who,	by	virtue	of the aforefaid Warrant or

Warrants from fuch Joftjce or Juftices of the Peace, is or are to demand the Carriage or Carriages therein mentioned of the High Coo-ftable or Petty Conftablc, to whom the Warrant is dire&ed, is and are hereby required at the fame time to pay down in Hand to the faid Conftable or Petty Conftable, for the Ufe of the Perfon who (hall provide fuch Carriages and Men, the Slim of One Shilling for every Mile any Waggon with Four or more Horfes, (hall travel; and the Sum of One Shilling for every Mile any Wain with Six Oxen, or Four Oxen with Two Horfes, (hall travel; and the Sum of Nine pence for every Mile any Waggon with Narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horfes refpe&ively, carrying notiefs than Fifteen hundred Weight, (hall travel; the Sum of Six pence for every Mile every Cart or other Carriage, with lefs than Four Horfes, and not carrying Fifteen hundred Weight, (hall travel; or any further Sum not exceeding Four pence for every Mile any Waggon with Four or more Hones, or any Wain with Six Oxen, or with Four Oxen and Two Horfes, (hall travel; and not exceeding Three pence for every Mile any Cart with Four Horfes, or carrying not lefs than Fifteen hundred Weight, (hall travel 5 and not exceeding Two pence for every Mile any Cart or Carriage with lefs than Four Horfes, and not carrying Fifteen hundred Weight, (hall travel; according as the fame (hall be fixed and ordered by the Juftices of the Peace for any County or Diftrift, affembled at any General Selfions of the Peace for fuch County or Diftrift, the faid Juftices having regard to the Price of Hay and Oats at the time of fixing fuch additional Rates, for which refpe6tive Sums fo received, the faid Coo-ftable or Petty Conftable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing to-the Perfom or Perfons paying the fame ; and fuch Conftable or Petty Conftable (hall order and appoint fuch Perfon or Perfons having Carriages, within their refpettive Liberties, as they (ball think proper# to proride and ftirnifh fuch Carriages and Htorfa

and





A<D.*8i3*	53oGEO.	III.*	C.25.	131

aind Oxen and Men iccbrding to the Warrant aforefaid, who are hereby" required to provide and furniih the fame accordingly; and no Perfon owning or driving, or caufing to be driven, any fuch Waggons, tec. Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, (hall be fubjefcl to any not (topped on ic-Penalty or Forfeiture, nor (hall airy fuch Waggoa, Wain, Cart or coum of W***fcc Other Carriage be (lopped or detained by reaion of any Weight in	**

any fuch Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, or of being drawn e*‘ by any Number of Horfes or Oxen; but it (hall be lawful for any Owner of any fuch Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, to put any additional Number of Horfes or Oxen to thofe preferibed or paid for under this A61; any thing in any A& or Ads of	'

Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or any particular Highway or Road, to the contrary notwithftanding ; and if any Marine Officer or Officers for the Ufe of whofe Company or Officer forciug Companies the Carriage was provided, (hall force and conflrain any Waggon to Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage to travel more than One Day’*	.

Journey, or (hall not difeharge the fame in due time for their ney**/* * Return Home, or (hall fuffer any Marine or Servant (except fuch as are fick), or any Woman, to ride in the Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage aforefaid ; or (hall force any Conftable or Petty Conftable, by Threatenings or menancing Words, to provide Saddle Horfes for themfelves or Servants, or (hall force Horfes from the Owners, by themfelves, Servants or Private Men; every fuch Officer for every fuch Offence (hall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, Penalty.

Proof thereof being made upon Oath before Two of His Majefty's Juftices of the Peace for the fame County or Riding, who are to certify the fame to the proper Paymafter of His Majefty's Royal Marine Forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforefaid Sum of Five Pounds, according to Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of fuch Juftices of the Peace; and is alfo hereby empowered to dedudl the fame out of fuch Officer's Pay : Provided Further Com- 1 always, that in cafes where the Day's March of the Marines fhall penfatiem for be fuch, either owing to the Diftance of Place, State of the Roads, Carriages in or Seafon of the Year, as not to admit of the Return of the Carriages CAfel whereth«f on the fame Day on which they (hall have been impreffed, fuch	'em

further Compenfation (hall be made and paid in like manner to the whjch impreffed. Owners of the faid Carriages as (hall be deemed reafonable by the Order of Juftices Magiftrate who granted the Warrant for impreffing them, not er- fur Payment of ceediog the ufual Rate and Hire of fuch Carriages : Provided alfo, additional Rate* that every Order of the Juftices affembled at any General Seffions	it

of the Peace, fixing a further Sum to be paid for the Hire of (hall b* in force. Carriages as aforefaid, in Addition to the cultomary Rates of One Shilling, Nine pence and Six pence per Mile refpe&ively, (hall fpecify the Period for which the fame (hall be in force, and which (hall not in any cafe exceed Ten Days beyond the General Seffions of the Peace for fuch County or Diftrid next esfuing the Date 6f fuch Order.

XL. And be it enaded, That if any High Conftable, or Petty Conftiblei.fte. Conftable, fhall wilfully negleft or refufe to execute any fuch NegUtfing Warrant of the faid Juftice or Juftices of the Peace as (hall be dire&ed unto fuch Conftable or Petty Conftable, for providing Carriages as aforefaid \ or (hall demand or receive for the Ufe of the Owners fumifhing fuch Waggons, Wains, Carts or Carriages, more than the accuftomed Rates per Mfte, of One Shilling, Niue pence,

or

 CjjOO^Ic

14*	C.25.	53*	GEO.	III.	A.D.1&13.

or Six pence, according to the Size of the refpedlive Carnages a» afore faid, unlefs any further Sums, not exceeding the Amount hereinbefore fpecified, (hall have been previoufly fixed and ordered by the Juftices at any General Seffions of the Peace aifembled as aforefaid; or if any Perlon or Perfons, appointed by fuch Conftable or Petty Conftable, to provide and furnifh any Carriage and Man, (hall refufe or negledl to provide the fame; or any other Perfon or Perfons what-foever (hall wilfully do any Ad or Thing whereby the Execution of any fuch Warrant or Warrants (hall be hindered or fruftrated, every fuch Conftable, or other Perfon or Perfons fo offending, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor lefs than Forty Shillings, to the Ufc of the Poor of fuch Parifh or Parishes adjoining to the Parifh where any fuch Offence fhall be committed, as (hall be fixed upon by the Juftice or Juftices by whom fuch Offence (hall be enquired of, heard and determined; and all and every fuch Offence and Offences (hall be enquired of, heard and fully determined, by Two of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace, dwelling in or near the Place where fuch Offence (hall be committed, who have hereby Power to caufe the faid Penalty thftrcf*.	to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offenders Goods and

Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any] to the Owner.

4 XLI. And whereas in confequeuce of certain Exemptions from 4 Tolls exprefsly allowed by feverai.Ads of Parliament for His

*	Majefty’s Forces on their March, or on Duty, and for the Horfes 4 and Carriages attending them, Doubts have arifen whether in all 4 cafes not To exempted, the Officers and Marines, and the Car-4 riages and Horfes, Boats, Barges and other Veffels belonging to 4 His Majefty or employed in His Service, and returning therefrom,

4 may not be charged with the Payment of Tolls Therefore, for obviating fuch Doubts, it is hereby enacted and declared, That all

Officer* ami	His Majefty’s Officers and Marines, and their Horfes on Duty, or

Marines, &c.	on their March, and all Carriages and Horfes belonging to His

yair'a?esIT; Majefty, or employed in His Service, and returning therefrom, and MUjefiy's Ser- ** a^° a^ Boats, Barges and other Veffels belonging to His Majefty, vice, extniyud or employed in His Service, when conveying the Officers, Marines, fr«m Payment Servants, Women, Children or other Perfons, of or belonging to sfTolU.	His Majefty’s Royal Marine Forces, or the Arms, Clothes, Ac-

coutrements, Tents, Baggage and other Equipage, of or belonging to His Majefty’s Royal Marine Forces on their Marches, or returning therefrom, were and are and (hall be exempted from Payment of any Duties and Tolls otherwife demandable by virtue of any Adt of Parliament already made, or hereafter to be made, for Perfons, Horfes, Carriages or Veffek paffing Turnpike Roads, Bridges, Rivers, Canals or Locks, unlefs by fuch Adi it has been or (hall be exprefsly provided that the faid Officers, Royal Marines, Carriages, Horfes and Veffels, are and (hall be liable equally with others to the Duties and Tolls therein authorized to be demanded and taken.

4 XLII. And whereas the refpedlive Sums of Money by this Adi

*	appointed to be paid to the Conftables by the Officers demanding 4 fuch Carriages, may not, in many cafes, be fufficient to anfwer the 4 Charge and Expence of providing the fame, whereby the faid Con-4 ftables may be frequently at great Charges over and above wbat is 4 received by them of the faid Officers, to the great Burthen of the

*	Townlhips in which they are refpedlively Conftables, or elfe the

4 Perfoox



. A.D.1813.	C-aj.

4 Perfons fumifhing fuch Carriages may be grievouffy oppreffed : to 4 prevent which, and that fuch Overplus Charge may be borne by 4 each County or Riding at the general Charge of fuch County 4 or Riding	Be it further enacted. That the Treafurer or Trea-

furers of each refpeftive County or Riding (hall, without Fee or Reward, pay unto fuch Cdnftable all and every fuch reafonable Sum or Sums of Money, fo by him paid or laid out for fuch Carriages, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Marine Officer requiring fuch Carriages, out of the public Stock of fuch County or Riding, according to fuch Rates, Orders, Rules and Directions, as the laid Juftices of the Peace, in their Quarter Seffions aflembled, within their refpeftive Jurifdiftions, (hall from time to time, during the Continuance of this Aft, make, direft and appoint (which Orders (hall be made without Fee or Reward) ; Regard being always had to the Seafon of the Year, and the Length and Condition of the Roads through which fuch Carriages are to travel.

XLIII. And, in cafe the faid public Stock of the County or Riding be not fufficient (over and above the other Purpofes for which it was raifed) to fatisfy the extraordinary Charge of Carriages before mentioned, it is hereby further enafted, That tne faid Jullices of the Peace, in the General Quarter Seffions, (hall have Power from time to time to raife Monies upon the refpeftive Counties or Ridings, in fuch manner as they now raife Monies for building or repairing County Gaols and Bridges, to fatisfy the faid extraordinary Charge of Carriages.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage, imprefled by Authority of this Aft, (hall be liable or obliged, by virtue of this Aft, to carry above Twenty Hundred Weight 5 any thing in this Aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLV. And be it further enafted, That the Carriages for the Service of the Royal Marine Forces quartered or marched in Scot» land, (hall be provided in like manner and at the Rates, and the Furnifher of fuch Carriages (hall be paid, as was direfted by the Law in force in Scotland at the time of the Union, with regard to the furnidling Carriages for Land Forces.

XLVI. And be it further enafted, That the Carriages for the Service of the Royal Marine Forces from time to time quartered or marching in Ireland, (hall be provided in like manner and at the Rates, and the Furnifher of fuch Carriages (hall be paid as was direfted by the Laws in force in Ireland at the time of its Union with Great Britain.

XLVII. And, be it further enafted, That if any Officer Military or Civil, by this Aft authorized to quarter Soldiers in any Houfes hereby appointed for that Purpofe, (hall, at any time during the Continuance of this Aft, quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants, of any Officer or Marine, in any fuch Houfes againft the Confent of the Owners; the Party offending, if an Officer of the Royal Marines, (hall, upon Complaint and Proof thereof made to the Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or Judge Advocate, be ipfo faQo cafhiered ; and if a Conllable, Tithingman or other Civil Officer, he (hall forfeit to the Party aggrieved Twenty Shillings, upon Complaint and Proof thereof made to the next Juitice of the Peace; to be levied by Warrant

of

141

Treafurer of Countv to reply Con ft d Mefc extraordinary Charge.

Money for that Purpofe how raifed.

What Wei^f Waggon, & c. liable to carry.

Carriages hi Scotland,

Ireland, hour provided.

Marines Wives* See. not quartered without Cou^ fent.

Penalty

Officer* or Marines deftroying 6am*.

Peualtjj %e.

Cotiftablet, Set, may apprehend Deferter*, and carry them before a fuftice j

end tranfmit Account to Secretary of Admiralty.

pf fuch Judies by Diftrefs and Sale of hi* Good*f rendering the Overplus to the Party, after deducing reafonable Charge* in taking the fame.

XLVIII. And, for the better Preservation of the Game in or near fuch Place where any Officers or Marine* (hall at any time be

Suartered, be it ena&ed, That if, from and after the faid Twenty fth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, any Officer or Marine (hall, without Leave of the Lord of the Manor, under his Hand and Seal fir ft had and obtained, take, kill or dedroy any Hare, Coney, Pheafant, Partridge, Pigeon, or any other Sort of Fowls, Poultry or Fidi, or His Majelty's Game, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and upon Complaint thereof (hall be, upon Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witnefles, convicted before any Judice or Judices of the Peace, who is and are hereby empowered and authorized to hear and determine the fame; that it to lay, every Officer fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, to De didributed among the Poor of the Place where fuch Offence (hall be committed ; and every Officer commanding in Chief upon the Place, for every fuch Offence committed by any Marine under his Command, (hall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be paid and didributed in manner afore-laid $ and if upon Con vision made by the Judices of the Peace, and JDemand thereof alfo made by the Condable or Overfeers of the poor, fuch Officer (hall refufe ornegled, and not within Two Days pay the faid refpe&ive Penalties, fuch Officer fo refufing or neglecting (hall forfeit, and he is hereby declared to have forfeited his Commiffion, and his Commidion is hereby declared to be null and void.

XLIX. And whereas feveral Marines, who being duly entered, may afterwards defert and be found wandering, or otherwife abfent-ing themfelves illegally from His Majedy’s Service; it is hereby further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Con-dable, Iieadborough or Tithingman, of the Town or Place where any Perfon who may reafonably be fufpe&ed to be fuch a Deferter (hall be found, or for any Marine Officer or Marine to apprehend or caufe fuch fufpe&ed Perfon to be apprehended, and to bring or caufe him to be brought before any Judice of the Peace living in or near fuch Town or Place, who is hereby empowered and required to examine fuch fufpe&ed Perfon ; and if, by his Conftffion, or the Tedimony of One or more Witnefs or Witnefles upon Oath, or by Knowledge of fuch Judice of the Peace, it (hall appear or be found that fuch fufpcCled Perfon is a Marine duly entered, and ought to be with the Company to which he belongs, whether fuch Company (hall be employed on board any of Ri6 Majedy’s Ships or Veffels, or quartered on Shore, or employed on board any Tranfport Ship, or Merchant Ship or Veflel, fuch Judice of the Peace (hall forthwith caufe him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he (hall be found ; or to the Houfe of Correction or other public Prifon in fuch Town or Place where fuch Deferter (hall be apprehended ; or to the Savoy, in cafe fuch Deferter (hall be apprehended within the Cities of London or IVeJlminfter, or Places adjacent ; and tranfmit an Account thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the time being, to the end that fuch Perfon may be proceeded againft accpsding to Law j and the Keeper of evey



AD.iSij.	53*	GEO.	HI.	G*j.	,145

Gad, Houfe •£ Corrp&ioa or Piifoa, fhall receive the full Sab- Gw4 Keeper te

fiftence of fucb Deferter, during the time he fhall continue in his receive Subfif-Cuftody, for the Maintenance of fuch Deferter; but (hall not be	e~

entitled te any Fee or Reward on account of the Imprifonmeut of any fuch Deferter; any Law, Ufage or Cuflom to the contrary not-withftanding.

L. And, for the better Encouragement of any Perfon or Perfona Reward for tsk-to fecure or apprehend fuch Deferter, be it further eua&ed, That ioi fuch Juftice of the Peace {hall alfo iflue his Warrant, in Writing, to the Colle&or or Colle&ors of the Land Tax Money of the Parifb or Townfhip in Great Britain, where fuch Deferter (hall be appue-hended, or in Ireland to the Colle&or or Collectors of His Ma-jefty’s Revenue in the Diftrid where fuch Deferter (hall be apprehended, for paying out of the Land Tax Money or Revenue arifcn or to arife in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen into the Hands of fuch Perfon or Perfons who fhall apprehend, or caufe to be apprehended, any fuch Deferter from His Maje&y’*

Service, the Sum of Three Pounds, for every fuch Deferter that {hall be fo apprehended and committed; which Sum of Three Pounds fhall be fatisfied by fuch Calle&ar or Colle&ors to whom fuch Warrant fhall be dire&ed, and allowed upon his or their Account.

LI. And be it further enacted. That any Perfon who (hall volun- Ccmfefling them-tarily furrender or deliver himfelf up as a Deferter from His Ma- felves Defer tern iefty’s Royal Marine Forces, or who, upon being apprehended for de?med duly Defertion, or any other Offence, fhall, in the Presence of the Magif-trate, confefs himfelf to be a Deferter from fuch Forces, {hall be deemed to have been duly mlifted, and to be a Marine, and fhall be liable to ferve, whether fucb Perfon (ball have been ever aSually inlifted as a Marine or not.

LI I. And be k further ena&ed, That the Receipts taken from Rewards for the Perfon or Perfons who (ball have apprehended or caufe to be taking Deferttrs apprehended any fuch Deferter or Deferters as aforefaid, together with repaid ty Pr0P*r Warrants in Writing of the Juftice or Jufttoes of the Peace to the 0®cer* Collector or Collectors of the Land Tax, or in Ireland to the Collector or Collectors of His M^jefty’s Revenue for Payment of tbf Sums therein mentioned, being produced, traufmkted to or delivered at the Pay Office of His Majefty’s Navy, if the Deferter belong* to one of His Majefty’s Ships or Veffels, or at the Pay Office of His Majefty's Royal Marine Forces, if the Marine be employed on Shore or in a Tranfport or Merchant Ship or Veflel, by the Receiver General of the Land Tax in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, or by the Commiffioners of the Revenue in Ireland, fhall be immediately paid )nr the Treafurer of the Navy or Paymafter of the faid Royal Marine forces or other proper Officer in that Behalf to the faid Receiver General or Commiffioners of the Revenue, as the cafe may be, qr to their refpe&ive Order, in Re-imburfement of fuch Sum or Sums of Money fo to be paid by the faid Collectors as aforefaid.

LIII- And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Treafurer of the Rewj^s t Navy, Paymafter of Royal Marines, or other proper Officer, fhall charge on P«y immediately, or as foon as conveniently may be after fuch Payment and SuMiftence *nd Re-imburfement to the faid Receiver General or Commiffioners ot Deferters. of the Revenue as aforefaid, charge or caufe to be charged again ft

the

 LjOOQle

Concealing DvUrt«rt, fcc.

faulty.

Receiving Arms Clothes, &c. of Deferters, Ice.

foualty.

Imprifjnment,

the Pay and Subfiftence of every fuch Marine, for whofe Apprehen-fion fuch Reward or Sum of Three Pounds (hall have been paid aa aforefaid, the Amount of fuch Reward or Rewards retpe&iveJy, and which Amount (hall and may be Hopped and retained out of fuch Pay and SubfiHence accordingly ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

LIV Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That if any Perfon (hall harbour, conceal or affift any Deferter from His Majefty’s Royal Marine Service, knowing him to be fuch, the Perfon fo offending (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and upon Conviction, by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefsor Witneffes, before any of His Majefty’s Juffices of the Peace, the faid Penalty of Twenty Pounds (hall be levied, by Warrant under the Hand of fuch Suffice of the Peace, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, One Moiety of the faid Penalty to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Officer to whom any fuch Deferter did belong; and in cale any fuch Offender, who (hall be convided as aforefaid of harbouring, concealing or aflifting any fuch Deferter, (hall not have fufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Diftrefs may be made, to the Value of the Penalty awarded againft him or her for fuch Offence, or (hall not pay fuch Penalty within Four Days after fuch Convidion, then and in fuch cafe fuch Juftice of the Peace (hall and may, by Warrant under hit Hand and Seal, commit fuch Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of Six Months.

LV. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon (hall knowingly detain, buy or exchange, or otherwi(e receive any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture belonging to The King, from any Marine or Marine Deferter, or any other Perfon, upon any Account or Pretence whatfoever, or any fuch Articles belonging to my Marine or Marine Deferter, as are generally deemed Regimental Neceffaries, according to the Cuftom of the Royal Marine Corps {being provided for tne Marine and paid for by the Dedudions out of his Pay), or caufe the Colour of fuch Clothes to be changed, every fuch rerfon fo offending (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Five Pounds ; and upon Convidion, by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, before any One or more of His Majefty’s Juffices of the Peace, the faid Penalty (hall be levied, by Warrant under the Hands of the faid Juftice or Juffices of the Peace, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, One Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, and he other Moiety to be paid to the Officer to whom any fuch Marine did or doth belong ; and in cafe any fuch Offender who (hall be con-vided as aforefaid, of having knowingly received any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture belonging to The King, or any fuch Articlet as are generally deemed Regimental Neceffaries, or of having cau fed the Colour of fuch Clothes to be changed, contrary to the Intent of this Ad, (hall not have fufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Diftrefs mayl>e made to the Value of the Penalty recovered againft him or her for fuch Offence, or (hall not pay fuch Penalty within Four Days after fuch Convidion, then and in fuch cafe fuch Juftice or Judices of the Peace (hall and may, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, either commit fuch Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprise, for

11	the







JLD.1B13.	53*GEO.IU.	6.254

the Space of Three Months, or fuch Offender eaufe to he publicly or privately whipped, at the Difcretion of fuch Juftice or Juftices.

LVI. And be it further ena&ed. That if any Perfon or Perfons /hall, in any Part of His Majefty’s Dominions, dire&y or indirectly, perfuade or procure any Marine in the Service of His Majeliy, his Heirs or Succeffors, to defert or leave fuch Service as aforefaid, every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending as aforefaid, and being thereof lawfully conviCted, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit to His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors, or to any other Perfon or Perfons who /hall fue for the fame, the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if it (hall happen that any fuch Offender fo convicted as aforefaid hath not any Goods and Chattels, Lands or Tenements, to the Value of One hundred Pounds, to pay and fatisfy the fame, or if from the Circum-ftances and Heinoufneis of the Crime it /hall appear to the Court before which the faid Conviction (hall be made as aforefaid, that any fqch Forfeiture is not a fufficient Punifhment for fuch Offence, it (hall be lawful for fuch Court to commit any fuch Offender to Prifon, there to remain for any time not exceeding Twelve Months, without Bail or Mainprize, and ?lfo to /land in the Pillory for the Space of One Hour, in fome Market Town next adjoining to the Place where the Offence was committed in open Market there, or in the Market Town itfelf where the faid Offence was committed.

LVII. And be it further enaCted, That all Penalties by this ACfc impofed for perfuading or procuring any Marine to defert within that Part of Great Britain called England, may and (hall be fued for and be recoverable in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler ; and for fuch like Offences as (hail be committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall be fued for and recoverable in His Ma-jetty’s Court of Exchequer in Scotland ; and for fuch like Offences as (hall be committed in Ireland, (hall be fued for and recoverable in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record in Dublin ; and for any fuch like Offences as (hall be committed in any of the Dominions of His Majefty, (hall and may be fued for and recoverable in any Court pf Record of His Majefty, in the Place where the Offence (hall have been committed; for fuch like Offence as (hall have been committed within the Ifland of Guernfey, the fame (hall be fued for and be recoverable in the Royal Court of Guernfey ; and for fuch Offences as (hall be committed within the Ifland of Jerfey> the fame (hall be fued for and recoverable in the Royal Court of Jerfey ; any thing contained in an A& pafled in the Firft Year of King George the Firff, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

LVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That for fuch of the faid Offences as (hall be committed within that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland\ the Penalties herein ena&ed (hall be fued for and be recoverable in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record in Dublin; and for fuch of the faid Offences as (hall be committed within the Ifles of Alderney and Sark, the Penalties herein ena&ed (hall be fued for and be recoverable in the Royal Court of Guernfey ; and for fuch of the faid Offences as (hall be committed within the Ifle of Man* the Penalties herein ena&ed (hall be fued for and be recoverable in any of the Courts of Record in the faid Ifland, or in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler.

LIX. And be it further ena&ed, That any Perfon who (hall voluntarily furrender or deliver himfelf up as a Deferter from Hia Ma-5J Gso. Ill,	L	jetty’s

Perfuading Ma-line* tu defer u

Penalty.

Im£rifonm*ut.

Penalties hoar recovered.

I G. 1. Stat. l. c. 47.

Penalties for Offences committed in Ireland, &c. trow fued far.

‘ Deferters fur-rendering deemed inlifted.



%4&	C.25.	53*	GEO.	III.	A.D.i8i3«

jetty's Royal Marine Forces, (hall be deemed to have been duly enlifted and to be a Marine, and (hall be liable to fenre in His Ma-jefty's Royal Marine Forces, whether fuch Perfon (hall have been ever actually enlifted as a Marine or not.

LX. And, in order to prevent all Doubts which may arife in relation to punilhiog Offences committed againft former Ads of Parliament made for the Regulation of the Royal Marine Force* Offencci againft while on Shore, be it enaded, That all Crimes and Offences which quire^of and” have been c°mmitted againft any of the former Ads in that behalf, puntfhed at an- fhall and may, during the Continuance of this prefent Ad, be en-der this At\. quired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged and punifhed, before and by the like Courts, Perfons, Powers, Authorities, Ways, Means and Methods, as the like Crimes and Offences committed againft this prefent Ad, may be enquired of, heard, tried, determined, adfjodged and punifhed.

Not tried for LX I. Provided always, That no Perfon (hall be liable to be tried JnUtedThrw" °r Pun^e<* ^or any Offence committed againft any of the faid former Years before Ads, which (hall appear to have been committed more than Three Warrant iffued Years before the iffuing of the Commifiion or Warrant for fuch except for De- Trial; except only for the Offence of Defertion. i«rtion-	LXII. And, to prevent, as far as may be, any unjuft or fraudulent

Arrcils that may be made upon Marines, whereby His Majefty and the Public may be deprived of their Service, it is hereby further No Volunteer enaded, That no Perfon whatfoever who is entered, or (hall enter liable to procef* himfelf as a Volunteer in His Majefty's Service as a Marine, during? “"I**? fo.r,J?me the Continuance of this Ad, (hall be liable to be taken out of His rer*orforDebt Majefty's Service by any Procefs or Execution whatfoever, other than sf aoL	for ^ome Criminal Matter, unlefs for a real Debt, or other juft Caufe

of Adion, and unlefs before the taking out of fuch Procefs or Exe-cution (not being for a Criminal Matter), the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs .	therein, or fome other Perfon or Perfons on his or their Behalf, (hall

make Affidavit before One or more Judge or Judges of the Court of Record, or other Court, out of which fuch Procefs or Execution Oath of debt ffiall or before fome Perfon authorized to take Affidavits in Made bafora a fuch Courts, that to his or their Knowledge the original Sum juftly Judge,	due and owing to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs from the Defendant or

Defendants, in the Adion or Caufe of Adion on which fuch Procefs (hall iffue, or the original Debt for which fuch Execution (hall be iffued out, amounts to the Value of Twenty Pounds at leaft, over and above all Cofti of Suit in the fame Adion, or in any other Adion on Memorandum which the fame (hall be grounded ; a Memorandum of which Oath lhe«of.m*Tl?d (hall be marked on the Back of fuch Procefs or Writ, for which oeff otherwifr Memorandum or Oath no Fee (hall be taken ; and if any Perfon (hall PriToner dif- nevertbelefs be arretted contrary to the Intent of this A6t, it (hall and charged with may be lawful for One or more Judge or Judges of fuch Court, upon Cofta.	Complaint thereof made by the Party himfelf, or by any his fuperior

Officer, to examine into the fame by the Oath of the Parties or otherwise, and by Warrant under his or their Hands and Seals, to difcharge fuch Marine fo arretted contrary to the Intent of this Ad* without paying any Fee or Fees, upon due Proof made before him or them that fuch Marine fo arretted was legally lifted as a Marine in His Majefty's Service, and arrefted contrary to the Intent of this Ad ; and alfo to award to the Party fo complaining fuch Cofta, as fuch Judge or Judges (hall think reasonable; for the Recovery

14	whereof

M7

JLD.sSi3'

J3 GEO. HI.

whereof tie (hall here the like Remedy that the Perfon who takes not the faid Execution might have had for his Cods, or the Plaintiff in the like A&ion might hare had for the Recovery of his Cods, in cafe Judgment had been given for him, with Cods, again ft the Defendant in the faid Adion.

LX III. And, to the end that honed Creditors, who aim only at the Recovery of their juft Debts due to them from Perfons entered as Marines in His Majedy’s Service, may not be hindered from fuing far the fame, but on the contrary may be aifided and forwarded in their Suits ; and inttead of an Arrtft, which may at once bnrt the piahnHTgivmg Service, and occafion a great Expence and Delay to themfehres, may Notice may file be enabled to proceed in a more fpeedy and cheap Method, be it ■ Common farther enacted. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any APPearaDC#» Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, upon Notice fird given in Writing of theCauie of Adion to fach Perfon or Perfons fo entered, or left at his or their Place of Rcfidence before fuch entering, to tie a Common Appearance in any A&ton to be brought for or upon Account of any Debt whatsoever, fo as to entitle luch Plaintiff to proceed therein to and proceed to Judgment and Outlawry, and to have an Execution thereupon, other Judgment and than and againft the Body or Bodies of him or them fo entered as Eiecutioo. aforefaid; this Ad, or any thing herein, or any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwitbftanding.

LXIV. And be it further enaded, That, from the palling of this Confined for Ad, no Marine, being arretted or confined for Debt in any Prifon, ****	*	*•*

Gaol or other Place, fhaH be entitled to any Part of his Pay from c**t* ijr* the Day of fuch Arreft or Confinement until the Day of his Return to the Reg/ment or Company to which he (hall belong.

LXV. And be it further enaded, That every Gaoler, to whom Notice to Secre-any Notice fhall have been given that any Perfon in his Cuftody for any Offence is a Marine, and liable to ferve His Majefty, on the E*- ”0J*of pirstion of his Imprifonment, (hall give One Month’s Notice to the fanmeat, ^ Secretary of the Admiralty before the Day on which the lmprifon-ment of fuch Perfon will expire, according to his Commitment or Sentence of the Period of Expiration of fuch Imprifonment.

LXV I. And be it further enaded, That if any High Conftable, Conftables, *e» Con ft able, Beadle or other Officer or Perfon whatfoever, who, by virtue or colour of this Ad, (hall quarter or billet, or be employed <*uwl#r M™>* in quartering or billetting any Marine Officers or Private Men, (hall negled or refufe for the Space of Two Hours to quarter or billet fuch Officers or Marines when thereunto required, in fuch manner as is by this Ad direded, provided fufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of fuch Forces ; or fhall receive, demand, contract or agree ta^. far any Sura or Sum9 of Money, or any Reward whatfoever, for or to ncufo any on account of excufing, or in order to excufe any Perfon or Perfons Perfon from whatfoever, from quartering or receiving into his, her or their Houfe quartering; w/Houfes, any fuch Officer or Marine; or in cafe any Vi&uailer, Victuallers rackany other Perfon liable by this Ad to have any Officer or Marine fufing to receive 'billetted or quartered on him or her, (hall refufe to receive or vi&ual Marines, thy fuch Officer or Marine fo quartered or billetted upou him or her at-aforefaid ; or fhall refufe to furnifh or allow, according to the Dissections of this Ad, the feveral Things hereinbefore refpc&ively dtreded to be furnifhed or allowed to Non Commiffioued Officers or Marines fo quartered or billetted on him or her, as aforefaid, at the Ratt hereinbefore mentioned, and fhall be thereof con tided, before

L a

any

Penalty. .

Juftices may orHcr Conftable s to |ive an Account of Number of Officers and Private Men, and where quarter*!.

Perfrnshaflily inliitmg them-ielves.

C.25.	53°GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

any One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace of the County, City or Liberty, within which fuch Offence (hall be committed, cither by his own Confeffion, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or WitnefTes (which Oath the faid Juftice or Juftices ia and are hereby empowered to adminifter), every fuch High Coo-ftable, Conftable, Beadle or other Officer or Perfon fo offending, (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence, the Sum of Five Pounds, or any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor lefs than Forty Shillings (as the faid Juftice or Juftices before whom the Matter fhall be heard, (hall in his or their Difcretion think fit) ; to be levied by Diftiefs and Sale of the Goods of the Perfon offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of fuch Juftice or Juftices before whom fuch Offender fhall be convi&ed, or of One or more of them, to be direfted to any other Conftable within the County, City or Liberty, or to any of the Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifh where the Offender fhall dwell; and the faid Sum of-Five Pounds, or the faid Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor lefs than Forty Shillings, when levied, to be paid to the Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifh where the Offence fhall be committed, or to fome One of them, for the Ufe of the Poor of fuch Parifh.

LXVII. And, for the better preventing .Abufes in quartering or billetting the Royal Marines in purfuance of this A&, be it further enafted. That it fhall and maybe lawful to and for any One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace within their refpe&ive Counties, Cities or Liberties, by Warrant or Order under his or their Hand 'and Seal, or Hands and Seals, at any time or times during the Continuance of this A&, to require and command any High Conftable, Conftable, Beadle or other Officer who fhall quarter or billet any Royal Marines in purfuance of this A A, to give an Account in ‘Writing unto the faid Juftice or Juftices reauiring the fame, of the Number of Officers and Private Men who mail be quartered or bil-'letted by them, and alfo the Names of the Houfekeepers or Perfooa upon whom every fuch Officer or Private Man fhall be quartered or billetted, together with an Account of the Street or Place where every fuch Houftkeeper dwells, and of the Signs (if any) belonging to their Houfes, to the end it may appear to the faid Juftice or Juftices where fuch Officers and Private Men are quartered or bib-letted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punifh all Abufes in the quartering or billetting of them.

LXVIII. Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby declared, That, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hnndred and thirteen, when and as often as any Perfon or Perform fhall be inlifted as a Marine or Marines in His Majefty’s Service, he and they fhall, within Four Days, but not fooner than Twenty four Hours, after fuch Inlifting refpe&ively, be carried or go with fome Officer, Non Cnmmiffioned Officer or Marine belonging to the Recruiting Party by which he fhall be infilled, or with the Perfon employed on the Recruiting Service with whom he fhall have inlifted, before fome Juftice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City or Place, or Chief Magiftrate of any City or Town Corporate, refiaing in or being next to or in the Vicinity of the Place where fucb Perfon or Perfons (hall have been inlifted, and not being an Officer of Royal Marines, and before fuch Juftice or Chief Magiftrate he or they fhall be at Liberty to declare his or their Diffent to fuch Infilling; a$d

-	. 16	upon



149

A.D.i8i3’

53’ GEO. III.

upon £uch Declaration, and returning the InUfting Money, and alfo each Perfon fo difienting paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, fuch Perfon or Perfoo8 fo inlifted (hall be forthwith difcharged and fet at Liberty, in the Prefence of fuch Juftice or Chief Magiftrate 5 but if fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall refufe or negledt, within the Deemed iaiiiled Space of Twenty four Hours, to return and pay fuch Money as ln cafe, aforefaid, he or they (hall be deemed and taken to be inlifted, as if he or they had given his or their Affent thereto before the faid Juftice or Chief Magiftrate ; and if fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall declare his or their having voluntarily inlifted himfelf or themfelves, then fuch Juftice or Chief Magiftrate (hall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand, that fuch Perfon or Perfons Certificate of is or are duly inlifted, fetting forth the Place of the Birth, Age and *uftice* Calling of him or them refpe&ively (if known), and that the Second and Third Se&ions of the Articles of War, for the better Government of His Majefty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the Twelfth Seftion of the faid Articles of War, and alfo the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this A& annexed, marked (A.); and if any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo to be certified as duly inlifted (hall refufe to take the faid Oath of Fidelity before the faid Juftice or Chief Magiftrate, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Officer, from whom he has received fuch Money as aforefaid, to detain or confine fuch Perfon or Perfon9 until he or they (hall take the Oath before required; and every Officer of Royal Marines Officers ofMi-that (hall a& contrary hereto or offend herein, upon Proof thereof, fines *dling con-upon Oath made by Two Witneffes, before a General Court Mar- trary* tiai to be thereupon called, (hall, for fuch Offence, be forthwith caffiiered and difplaced from fuch his Office, and (hall be thereby PunUhmen:. utterly difabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within this Kingdom, or in His Majefty’s Service: Provided always, that every Non Commiffioned Officer or Private Marine who Non Coirmif-ihall inlift any Recruit, (hall, at the time of fuch inlifting, inquire the °*?Scr# Chriftian and Surname, and Place of Abode of fuch Recruit, and ^kedown t0 either take the fame down in Writing or give the fame to the Non Namts of Men, Commiffioned Officer commanding the Recruiting Party, to be fo taken down: Provided alfo, that it (hall be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace to difeharge any Perfon who (hall have haftily inlifted, and who (hall apply to him to declare his Difient within fuch Four Days as aforefaid, upon Payment of the Sum of Money required to be paid by any Recruit declaring his Diflent under this A6t, not-withftanding no Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer or Private Marine belonging to the Recruiting Party (hall be with the Recruit, if it (hall appear to fuch Magiftrate upon the Examination of fuch Re* cruit, or of any other Perfon, that the Recruiting Party have left the Place where fuch Recruit was inlifted, or that fuch Recruit could not procure any Non Commiffioned Officer belonging to fuch Party to go with fuch Recruit before the Juftice of the Peace; and the Difeharge.

Sam paid by fuch Recruit upon his Difeharge, (hall be kept by the Juftice of the Peace and paid when demanded to auy Perfon belonging to the Recruiting Party, entitled thereto, demanding the fame : Pro- Provifo. vided always, that in every cafe wherein any Perlon (hall have received Inliftiog Moneys and (hall have abfeonded, or have abfented



himfelf



ReetMngTnlift-irg Money ab-fe. tiding, or re* filling to go before* Migif-rate, deemed inlifttd.

Apprentices taking Oath toned in Schedule (A) liable to be inapt Tontd, &c.

Matter claiming A >prentices to take Oath mentioned in Schedule (E) Ice.

himfelf from the Party at aforefaid, fo that it (hall not be poffibie immediately to apprehend him, and bring him before a Magiftrate, the Officer or Non Commiffioned Officer commanding the Party, Shall produce to the Magistrate before whom the Recruit would regularly nave been brought for Attestation, a Certificate of the Name and Place of Residence of fuch Perfon, and the Magistrate to whom the Certificate Shall be produced, (hall, after Satisfying himfelf that the Perfon who had abfeonded cannot be found, and apprehended, tranfmit a Duplicate thereof to the Lords of the Admiralty or their Secretary, in order that in the Event of fuch Perfon being afterwards apprehended and reported as a Deferter, the Fads of his having received Inlifting Money and having abfeonded may be afeertained before be be finally adjudged to be a Deferter as having been duly inlifted.

LX IX. Ana be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfon* Shall receive the Inlifting Money from any Officer (knowing it to bo fuch), and Shall abfeond or refufe to go before fuen Juftice or Chief Magistrate, or if any Perfon having received any fuch Inlifting Money as aforefaid, Shall thereafter abfent himfelf from the Recruiting Party with which he inlifted, or Perfon with whom he inlifted, and Snail not voluntarily return to fuch Recruiting Party or Perfon inlifting him, to go before fome Juftice of the Peace or Magistrate under the Provisions of thi* A d, within fuch Period of Four Days as aforefaid, fuch Perfon Shall be deemed to be inlilted, and a Marine in His Majefty*t Service, at fully to all Intents and Purpofes as if he had been duly attefted, and may be apprehended and punifhed as a Deferter, or for being abfent without Leave under any Articles of War made for PuniShment of Mutiny and Defertion ; nor (hall any fuch Perfon who Shall not have remained with, or who (hall not have returned an fuch Recruiting Party or Perfon inlifting him as aforefaid, be entitled to be difeharged or be discharged by any Juftice of the Peace or Magistrate after the Expiration o? fuch Four Days as aforefaid, nnlefs it Shall be proved to the Satisfadion of fuch Juftice of the Peace that the true Name and Residence of the Perfon inlifted was difclofed and known to the Recruiting Party, and that no Notice was given to the Perfon inlifted or left at his laft ufual Place of Abode of his having fo inlifted.

LXX. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon duly bound as an Apprentice Shall inlift as a Royal Marine in His Majefty’o Service, and Shall take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to thia Ad annexed marked (A), every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being thereof duly convided, Snail be and is hereby declared to be fubjett and liable to be imprifoned in any Gaol or Houfe of Corredion, and kept to hard Labour for Two Years, and may be indided and puniSbed for obtaining Money under faUe Pretences, and Shall, after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, whether fuch PerSon Shall have been lb convided and ^uutfhed or not, be liable to ferve as a Marine $ and if, on the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, he Shall not-deliver himfelf to Some Officer authorized to receive Recruits, may be takes as a Deferter from His Majefty’s Royal Marine Forces.

LXXI. And be it further enaded. That no Mafter Shall be entitled to claim any Apprentice who Shall, after the paffing of them Ad, inlift as a Royal Marine in His Majefty*6 Service, nnlefs fuck Apprentice (hall have been bound to him in England for the Ml Term of Seven Years, not having been above the Age of Fourteen

when

 ^ooQle

A.D.i8ij.

Sy GEO.HL

Ca5.



ithtm fo bound, and tf in Ireland, for the fall Term of Five Yean at the leaft, not having been above the Age of Sixteen when fo bound, and nAleft fuch Midler ffiall, within One Calendar Month after fuch Apprentice {hall have abfconded, or left tm Service, go before feme Juftiee of the Peace or Magidrate, ind before fuch Judice of the Peace or Mariftrate take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (B), and prodace the Certificate of fnch Judic* of the Peace or Magidrate of his having taken fuch Oath, which Certificate fuch Judice of the Peace or Magidrate is hereby required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Adi annexed iharked (C).

LXXlI. And whereat it may be expedient, in certain cafes, particularly where a fufficient Number of Marine Officers cannot be Conveniently affembled, or in Matters wherein any of His Majedy'i Land Forces may be intereded, that Officers of the Land Force* fliould be afibci&ted with the Royal Marine Officers for the Purpofe of holding Courts Martial; Be it enafted and declared, That when and as often at it (hall be neceffary, it diall and may be lawful for Officers of the Royal Marine and Land Forces to fit in Conjunction upon Courts Martial, and to proceed in the Trial of any Marine Officer or Private Man, in like manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if fuch Courts Martial were compofed of Marine Officers only; and the Officers of the Marine and Land Forces are in fuch cales to take Rank according to the Seniority of their Commiifions in either Service.

LXXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That all His Majedy's Royal Marine Forces, as well Officers as Private Men, (hall, from time to time, during their being refpedively borne as Part of the Complement of any of His Majedy's Ships or VefTels, or as Supernumeraries on board the fame, be fubjeft or liable, in like man-aer, in all rcfpefts, as any Officers or Seamen employed in His Ma-jefty’s Sea Service are fubjeft and liable to be governed, and proceeded ogatnfk, and punifhed, for Offences committed by them during the time they dull be borne as Part of the Complement of fuch Ships Of VefTels, or as Supernumeraries on board the fame, according to the Purport, Tenor, Effeft and true Intent and Meaning of an Aft of Parliament, made in the Twenty fecond Year of the Reign of His late Majedy King George the Second, intituled An AQ for amending, Captaining and reducing into One A9 of Parliament the Laws relating to the Government of H'u Majejly’s Ships, VtJTcls and Forces by Sea $ this prefent Aft or any thing herein contained notwithftanding.

LXXIV. And be it further enafted. That every Commiffion Officer, Storekeeper or Commiffary, or Deputy or Aflidant Commiffary, or other Perfon employed in the Commiflariat Department, or in any manner in the Care or Didribution of any Money, Provifions, Forage or Stores, belonging to His Majedy's Royal Marine Forces, or tor fheir Ufe, that fhall embezzle or fraudulently mifapply, or caufe to be embezzled or fraudulently mifapplied, or (hall knowingly or wilfully permit or fuffer any Money, Provifions, Forage, Arms, Clothing, Ath-muokson or other Military or Royal Marine Stores, to be embezzled or fraudalentlv misapplied, or to be fpoiled or damaged, may be tried for the fame by and before a General Court Martial, and rt (hail be lawful for fuch Court Martial to adjudge any fuch Perfon to be cnmfyorted tm a Felon for Life, or for any certain: Term qf Years,

L 4	or

Officers of

Marine and Land Forces fitting in Conjunction upon Courts Martial. Rank.

Marine Forces beine borne as Part of Complement of any Ship* of War, liable to Rules of 22 G. 2. C.33.

Employed in Commiftariat Department embezzling Stores tried by Courts Martial, fcc.



>5*

Penalty,

ImprffbBrnent.

f Sit.

Coniinoance of

Ait.

Afi !tered,&c.

G.25.	53°	GEO,	III.	AiD.181^

or to fuffer fuch Punifhment of Pillory, Fine, Imprifonment, DifmifM from His Maje fly’s Service, and be incapable of Serving His Majefty in any Office, Civil or Military, as any luch Court fhaU think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence, or that fuch Perfon fhaU forfeit Two hundred Pounds, and that fuch Perfon (hall, in Addition to any other Punifhment, make good, at his own Expence, the Loft and Damage thereby fuftamed, to be ascertained by fuch Court Martial; which fhaU have Power to feize the Goods and Chattel! of the Perfon fo offending, and fell them for the Payment of the Said Two hundred Pounds, and fuch Damage; and if Sufficient Goods and Chattels cannot be found and Seized, then the Perfon fo offending (hall be committed to Prifon, or the Common Gaol, there to remain fin Addition to any other Punifhment or Imprifonment) for Six Months, without Bail or Mainprize, and + until he Shall pay fuch Deficiency ; and after the Said Sum Shall be recovered and levied, the fame (hall be applied and difpofed of as His Majefty Shall dired and appoint.

LXXV. And be it further enaded, That this Ad and every thing herein contained (hall be and continue in force within Great Britain, from the faid Twenty fifth of March in the Year of Our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of March in the Year of Our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen ; and Shall be and continue in force within Ireland\ from the Firfl Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, until the Firfl Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen ; and fhaU be and continue in force within the Garrifon of Gibraltar, and in Spain or Portugal, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of May in the Year of Our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen ; and (hall be and continue in force in all other Parts of Europe where Royal Marine Forces may be Serving, and in the Wejl Indus and North America and Cape of Good Hope, from the Twenty fourth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen ; and (hall be and continue in force in all other Places from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen ; and that this Ad to far as relates to the Allowances to be made for the quartering of Royal Marines, and providing for their Horfes, may be altered and varied by any Ad or Ads to be made in this prefent Semoa of Parliament.

SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers. SCHEDULE (A.)

Form of Oath.

Ido make Oath, That I am by Trade a	and,	to	the	bed	of	my	Knowledge and

-Belief, was born in.the Parilh of	i;i

the County of	and	that	I	have	no	Rupture, nor

ever was troubled with Fits, and am no ways difabled by Lamenefi or otherwife, but have the perfeft Ufe of my Limbs; that I am not an Apprentice, and that I do not belong to the Militia, or to any Regiment in His Majeily Service, or to His Majefty’s Navy or Royal

Marine!.





A+D.x8i3'	53#GEO.	HI.

Marines. As Witnefs my Hand at

C»2^j 26*

fS3

of and

Sworn before me at	this	1

Day of	One thouiand eight >

hundred and	.	j

Witnefs prefent.

the	Day

One thouiand eight hundred

I

do make Oath,

SCHEDULE (B.)

Form of Mafter*s Oath. of

That I am by Trade a	and	that

was bound to ferve as an Apprentice to me in the laid Trade, by Indenture, dated the	Day	of	for

the Term of Seven Years; and that the faid

did on or about the	Day of	abfcond

and quit my Service without my Confent, and that, to the bed of my Knowledge and Belief, the faid	is	aged	about

Years. Witnefs my Hand, at	the

Day of	One	thouiand eight hundred

and

Sworn before me at	this	1

Day of	One thouiand eight >	‘

hundred and	•	J

SCHEDULE (C.)

Form of Jufticc’s Certificate.

, It/ B. One of His Majefty’a Juftices of the Peace of '• | 1 certify, That	of

To wit.

came before me at	on	the	Day	of

One thoufand eight hundred and	and

made Oath that he was by Trade a	and	that

was bound to ferve as an Apprentice to him in the (aid Trade, by Indenture dated the	Day	of

for the Term of Seven Years; and that the faid Apprentice did, on or about the	Day of

abfcond and quit the Service of the faid

without his Confent, and that to the bed of his Knowledge and Belief the faid Apprentice is aged about	Years.

A* B»

CAP. XXVI.

An Aft for railing the Sum of Five Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen. [id April 1813.] u Treafury empowered to raife 5,000,0001. by Exchequer Bills, in 4€ manner prefcribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1. — J 1, 2. Treafury to apply 11 Money raifed. § 3. Principal of laid Bills charged on Firft Sup-plies of next Sernon, § 4. Intered thereon of 3 Jd. per Cent per " Diem. $5. Said Bills to be current at the Exchequer after April5, “ 1814. § 6. Bank of England empowered to advance 5,000,0001. “ on Credit of Ad, notwithftanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20.—$ 7. •

CAP.



C.*7# at*

53'csani.

A-D.iti).

*J4

cap. xxvn.

An Ad for railing the Sum of One million five hundred thou-fand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Britain, for the Tear One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.	[ift 1813.3

[On the like Term as under c. 26. of this

CAP. XXVIII.

jj o. 3. *.38.

*«»•

NpoM.

Yicmcict hew (upplitd.

51 0.3. c. 38.

I 4*.

An Ad to explain and amend an Aft, patted in the laft Seflion of Parliament, for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia in England.	[ift	April 1813.]

•	TT 7 HEREAS an Ad was patted in the Fifty fecond Year of Hia

•	\\ prefent Majetty, intituled An A& for amending the Laun 4 relating to the Local Militia in England: And whereas it is ex-4 pedient that the fame ttiould be explained and amended; * May it therefore pleafe Your Maiefty that it may be ena&ed ; and be it tnafted by the King’s Mott Excellent Majetty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That fo much of the faid Aft as requires the Deputy Lieutenants, at their Subdivifion Meetings, to ballot for Local Militia Men in the room of all thofe whofe Terms of Service will expire on the Twentieth Day of November enfuing the holding fuch Meetings, (hall be and the lame is hereby repealed ; and, from and after the palling of this Ad, the Deputy Lieutenants (hall, and they tie hereby empowered and required, immediately after the Fourteenth Day of November in each Year, to proceed under the feveral Provifions of the Laws relating to the Local Militia, to the Ballot-

for Local Militia Men to fupply all Deficiences and Vacancies which (hall have arifen before the Fourteenth Day of November, and alfo all Deficiencies and Vacancies which will arife after fuch Fourteenth Day of November, and before the Firtt Day of April in the next Year, by reafbn of any Men of the Local Militia being entitled to their Difcharge at any tame before fuch Firtt Day of ApriU by the Expiration of tbe Terms of Service of fuch Men | mad tor thn Purpofc to appoint and hold Subdivifion Meetings on or as foon after the faid Fourteenth Day of November in each Year, an the fame can conveniently be held, and to continue to hold fuch Meetings with as little Delay as pottible, until all fuch Vacancies and Deficiences (hall be fuppfted ; and upoti the enrolling fuch Men, it (hall bs lawful for the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and he is hereby required to difcharge tne Men in whofe Stead they (hall be enrolled, as directed by the laid recited

Aft.

• iL Aohwfctctata OOftat* Weekly Allowance is payable to the 4 Wivsoaad Families: of Men fefving in the Local Militia, in certain

*	oafea in the faith Aft attd the (aid Afts relating to the Militia fpe-4 oifiad ; hot fctfh Allowance is not payable in any rateable Pro^ 4 portion for omf Period left than a Week 5 and it is therefore

*	rapadiant tba* the fame (houid be made payable for any fractional

♦	of * Waaii { lfe it therefore enafted, That the Allowance

made

*ss

A.D.1813.	53*	GEO.	UL	felt

made to the Wire* and Families of Mm farting in the Local Militia (hall be payable and paid in a rateable Proportion of the frational Part of a Week, whenever the Period for which any Allowance ftiall be made under the faid recited Aft, on account of the Aflembling of the Local Militia for any of the Purpofes therein mentioned mall make it requifite, in order to the giving fuch Allowance for the whole Period of the Men being fo a (Tern bled at aforefaid.

• III. And whereat by the Provifions of the faid recited Aft,

4 where tKe Number of Men raifed in any County, Riding or Place,

4 it fufficient, the Local Militia thereof h to be formed into One 4 or more Regiments, confiding of not more than Twelve nor left 4 than Bight Companies; and it is expedient that Power (hould be 4 given to Hit Majefty to form the Local Militia of any County, 4 City or Place, into Battalions confiding of Six Companies, if 4 He thinks fitBe it therefore enafted, That it (hall be lawful for His Majefty, whenever He (hall think fit, to form the Local Militia of any County, City or Place, into Battalions confiding each of not lefs than Six Companies,

4 IV. And whereas by the faid recited Aft, Power is given to A His Majefty to direft any Number of Officers, Non Commiffioned 4 Officers and Corporals, aftually ferving in any Regiment, Bat* 4 tali on or Corps of Local Militia, at the time of palling the faid 4 Aft, to be retained for fo long a time during the Continuance of 4 the prefent War, as Hjs Majefty (hould think tit; and although 4 Provifion is intended to be made in the faid recited Aft, as to the 4 Pay, Emoluments and Advantages to which fueh Officers as well 4 as Non Commiffioned Officers and Corporals fo retained are to be eo-4 titled, yet no fufficient Provifion is made for the Pay, Emoluments 4 and Advantages to Officers fo retained Be it therefore enafted. That all fuch Officers fo retained as aforefaid (hall be entitled to fuch Pay, Emoluments and Advantages as other Officers are by Law entitled to.

V. Ahd be it further enafted, That no Drummer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, whether on permanent Pay or otherwise, (hall be allowed to inlift into the Army, Navy or Mannas, or Regular Militia, or to engage himfelf as a Sobftitute or Volunteer in the Regular Militia at any time, unleft with the Confait in Writing of the Commandant of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, given for that Purpofe.

4 VI. And whereas in cafes where the Local Militia of any County 4 (ball have con fitted of Two or more Regiments, Battalions or

*	Corps, and One (hall be reduced (in confecpieoce of the Reduction 4 of tne Quota of fuch Local Militia for fuch County, under the 4 faid recited Aft), a Power is given to His Majefty to order that 4 any Number of Field Officers and Officers, together with the Ad-4 jutant and Quarter Matter who was (erring at the time of pa fling

*	the fai& recked Aft, might be appointed to aft in any other Regs-

*	ment> Battalion or Corps of Local Militia wkhin the faid County, 4 and (hould fucceed to Vacancies which might occur in fuch Regi*

*	ment. Battalion or Corps 5* Be it enafted, That all Supernumerary Adjutants and Quarter Matters, whether retained under she fad recited Provifion, or » any other manner, (hall fucceed to any Vacancies which may occur in their mfpeftive Ranks, in any Regi-mentyJhsttalign sr€«y within the fame County* although they may

Wires rad

Families of Mb litia Men entitled to Allowance for frac-tional Parts of a Week.

S* O.3. c.38.

168.

Hb Majefty mey form Local Militia of County into Battalions of Six Companies JS 0.3. CjS, §69.

Pay to Officers retained.

Drummers not to inlift into Army,&c. without Confent.

St G. 3, c.38. St*.

Adjutants, Src. of Regiments reduced, to fucceed to Vacancies oc-curing in any outer Regiment.



H G 3. c. 38. »9*-

Local M3itl» removed from England to Scotland or vice verfa.

Returns not deemed irregular 00 account of Miftakes of Names*

Ixxral Militia apportioned where there are eftedive Yeomanry and Void uteert.

C.28.'	53*GEO.Lttv	A.D.1813.

have hot been before appointed as aforefaid, to aft with foch-Regiment, Battalion or Corps.

4 VII. And whereas by the laid recited Aft, a Power is given to 4 Perfons enrolled in the Local Militia of England, being denrous of 4 removing from one County to another County, at any time during 4 the Period of their Service, fo to do, under the Rules, Reftriftiom* 4 and Regulations therein contained, and it is reafonable that a like 4 Power fhould be given to remove from England to Scotland, > or 4 vice verfa ;9 Be it therefore enafted. That in cafe any Perfon enrolled to ferve as a Private in the Local Militia of any County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City or Place, in England or Scotland refpeftively, (hall be defirous of removing from England to Scotland, or from Scotland to England, at any time or times during the Period of his Service, it (hall be lawful for him to do fo, upon giving fuch Notice and purfuiug all fuch Direftions, and in all rtipefta under and fubieft to the fame Rules, Regulations and Reftriftions -as are preformed in the faid recited Aft for Perfons removing from one County in England to another County in England.

:4 VIII- And whereas Miftakes oftentimes unavoidably occur in 4 the Chriftian Names of Perfons returned as liable to ferve in the 4 Local Militia, and Doubts have arifen, whether the Perfons drawn 4 can in fuch cafes be made to ferve, or any Penalties can be levied 4 for Negleft of the Provifion of the faid recited Aft ;* For Remedy whereof, be it enafted. That no Return or Lift or Ballot (hall be deemed irregular, by reafon of any Miftake in the Chriftian Name of the Perfon returned and ballot ted, and all the Penalties of the faid recited Aft fliall be enforced againft the Perfon fo returned and bal-lotted in like manner in every refpeft as if the Chriftian Name had been correftly returned; provided that Notice of the Perfon being ballotted fhall have been given to the Perfon fo ballotted according to the Provifion of the faid recited Aft 2 Provided always, that every Perfon fo returned and ballotted under any wrong Chriftian Name as aforefaid, (hall be entitled to claim any Exemption to which he may be entitled after being fo ballotted, and although the Days and Times for hearing Appeals mail have patted*

4 IX. And whereas Doubts have arifen as to the Mode of appor?

4 tioning fuch Number of Men as may be ordered to be railed for 4 the Local Militia among the feveral Subdivifions and Parifhes of 4 each County, fo far as relates to the regard to be had to the 4 Effeftive Yeomanry and Volunteers then aftnally ferving ;* Be it therefore declared and enafted. That, from and after the palling of this Aft, in order to a due Apportionment thereof, the Number of Local Militia required to be raifed in any County or Subdivifioo, fhall be added to the Number of Effeftive Yeomanry or Volunteers aftually ferving for fuch County or Subdivifion, and duly returned as fuch in the manner required by the feveral Afta of Parliament relating to Yeomanry and Volunteers; and the total Number of Local Militia and Volunteers fhall be apportioned over the Subdivifions and Parifhes of fuch County, and the effeftive Yeomanry and Volunteers aftually ferving in any Subdivifion or Parifh fhall then be taken in Part of the Quota apportioned upon fuch Subdivifion or Parifh, fo that the Number of Men to be raifed by fuch Subdivifion or Parifh fhall in no cafe exceed fuch Number as, in Addition to the Number of Effeftive Yeomanry and Volunteers aftually ferving, will

amount





C.28.

*57

A.D. 1813.	530	GEO.	IH.

amount to the Quota apportioned upon fuch Subdivifion or Pari(h *

Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall be deemed or conftrued to invalidate any Apportionment which may have been . made under the Proyifions of the faid recited Aft, but every fuch Apportionment (hall remain in full Force and Effeft, and be afted upon as the proper Apportionment, until the Deputy Lieutenants fhall fee fit to make any new Apportionment under the Provifions of this Aft.

* X. And whereas various Delays often occur in the completing *

* the Ballots for Men to ferve in the Local Militia; and it, is ex-*■ pedient that Power (hould be given to remit Fines in fuch cafes « where the Men have been aftually enrolled before the period ufually .* fixed for the Training and Exercifiog of the Local Militia Be it therefore enafted, That it (hall be lawful for His Majefty, by Order Hb Majefty, ia of the Secretary of State made for that Purpofe, to remit any Fine or Fines, or any Proportion of any Fine or Fines, incurred by any ^ -County, Hundred, Parifh or Place by reafon of the full Number re-	.

. quired not having been enrolled within the Periods fpecified in the faid recited Aft in refpeft of all Men aftually enrolled before the Firft Day of April; any thing in the faid recited Aft to the contrary .notwithftanding.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Lieu- Lieutenancy to tenants and Deputy Lieutenants at any General.Meeting, and they fix the Order for are hereby required to afcertain and fix by Ballot the Order in which fupplying Va-the refpeftive Subdivifions, Hundreds and Parilhes in their refpeftive canc,€I* .Counties (hall (land as to the fupplying any Vacancy or Vacancies

,that may exift or arife therein by reafon of the Appointment of any Perfon ferving in the Local Militia of any fuch County to be a .Drummer, iq the fame manner as they may do where Vacancies arife by reafon of the Appointment of Perfons to be Serjeants and Corporals, and (hail in like manner, immediately after the fame (hall be fo afcertained and fixed, caufe fuch Subdivifions, Hundreds and Parilhes refpeftively to be entered in fuch Order in a Lift to be prepared for that Purpofe: and fuch Vacancies (hall be fupplied by fuch	-

Subdivifions, Hundreds and Parifties in the Order in which they (hall have been entered in fuch Lift as aforefaid, and not by the Parifties for which the Men fo promoted (hall have ferved*

XII.	And be it further enafted. That the Fine or Penalty of Thirty Pounds for not appearing to be enrolled and fworn under ***' the faid recited Aft fhall and may be fued for, profecuted and recovered, and levied before a Juftice of the Peace, in fuch and the like Penalties recomanner and by fuch and the like ways and means as any Fine or Pe- verin8 for Noo-nalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds may be fued and profecuted aPPearance-for or levied and recovered under the Provifions of the laid recited

Aft.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That fo much of the faid recited 5*G. 3. c.38. ■Aft as direfts the Reward for apprehending any Deferter from thp * I21*^

Local Militia to be paid out of the Contingent Fund of the Regimen*

to which the Deferter fhall have belonged, and as authorizes any Justice, of the Peace to iffue any Warrant for the Payment or fuch •Reward out of fuch Fund, fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed; repealed .and, from and after the paffing of this Aft, every fuch Reward of Re'uar^l Twenty Shillings fhall be paid by the Treasurer of the County to festers, ho*v to -the Local Militia of which fuch Deferter (hall belong, out of any be paid.

Money



'

S*rjeaitts,&c. in Regular Forces or Militias, eligible to ferve in Local Militia.

51 G.3. C.3I *36.

ft (fifing to b. mmined by Surgeon, rolled#

Money hi his Hands anfing from any County Rates 5 and fucb Payment ffiall be made npon the Warrant of any Juft ice of the Pence before whom any fuch Defertef fhaH be brought, who (hall iffbe his Warrant to the Treafurer of the County for that Purpofe and as an Aathority for fuch Payment.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That every Perfon who has fenred as a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer in His Majefty’s Regular Forces, or in the Regular or Local Militia, (hall be eligible to be enrolled and to ferve as a Volunteer in the Local Militia of any County, Riding or Place under the Provifions of the faid recited Aa, although fuch Perfon may not be of the fame County, Riding or Place, or of any adjoining Parifli or Place as required by the faid Aft in relation to Volunteers 5 any thing in the faid recited Aft to the contrary not with Handing : Provided always, that no fuch Serjeant or Corporal (hall be more than Forty five Years of Age, or have more than Four Children under Fourteen Years of Age: Provided alfo, that no fuch Drummer (hall be rejefted in confequence of being under Eighteen Years of Age or under the Height of Five Feet Two Inches s Provided alfo, that no fuch Seneant, Corporal or Drummer fhall be eligible as aforefaid, unlefs he (nail produce to the Deputy Lieutenants before whom he is to be enrolled as fuch Volunteer as aforefaid, a Certificate from the Commandant of fome Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia belonging to the County for which fuch Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer is to be enrolled as a Volunteer, Hating that fuch Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer is qualified for the Situation in which ne fhall have fo ferved as aforefaid, and that it is his Intention to appoint him when enrolled to be a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, as tne cafe may be, to the Regiment, Bat- , talion or Corps under his Command, for the Purpofe of aiding and afiiHing in the Training and Exercife thereof.

XV.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon baflotted to ferve in the Local Militia, (hall refufe to be examined by a Surgeon at dire&ed by the faid recited Aft, it (hall be lawful for any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants affembled at any Subdivifion Meeting, or any Deputy Lieutenant and One JuHice of the Peace fo aflembled, and they are hereby required to caufe fuch Perfon to be enrolled as a Local Militia Man for the Patifli or Place for which he was fo ballotted to ferve; any thing contained in any Aft of Parliament to tbe contrary OOtwithftanding.

st

SJ*

CAP. XXIX.

An A& to explain and amend an Adi, pafled in the lalt Seffion of Parliament, intituled An Aft for amending the Law relating to the Local Militia in Scotland.	[id April 1813.]

*	XT rHEREAS an Aft was pafled in tht Fifty fecond Year of 4 W His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad Jhr amending Mr

*	Laws relating to the Local Militia in Scotland: And wheieas it k < expedient that the fame fliould be explained tad amended ;* May k therefore pleafe Your MajeHy that it may be eoafted; and be k enafted hy the King’s Mbft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice andConfentof the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commooa, In thisptefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of' the fame, TTiat fo much of the find Aft as requires the Dcputy Lieutenants



AJD*iti3*

53® OIO. m.

C.2p*

l59

vmu at their Subdtofion Meetings to ballot for Local Militia Men, in the room of all thofe whole Term* of Service will expire on the Twentieth Day of November ew filing the holding fueh Meetings, (ball be and the fame is hereby repealed; and, from and after the palling of this Ad, the Deputy Lieutenants (hall, and they are hereby empowered and required, immediately after the Fourteenth Dajr of No-vember in each Year, to proceed, under the feveral Provifions of the Laws relating to the Local Militia, to the ballotting for Local Militia Men to fupply all Deficiencies and Vacancies which fha.ll have arifen before the Fourteenth Day of November, and alfo all Deficiencies and Vacancies which will arife after fuch Fourteenth Day of November and before the Firft Day of dpril in the next Year, by reafon of any Men of the Local Militia being entitled to their Dit-ebarge at any time before fuch Firft Day of April* by the Expiration of the Terms of Service of fuch Men ; and for that Purpofe, to appoint and hold Subdivifion Meetings, on or as foon after the faid Fourteenth Day of November in each Year as the fame can conveniently be held, and to continue to hold fuch Meetings with as little Delay as poffible, until all fuch Vacancies and Deficiences (hall be fupplied; and upon the enrolling fuch Men, it (hall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and he is hereby requited to difeharge the Men in whofe Stead they (hail be enrolled, as direded by the faid recited Ad.

4 II. And whereas a certain Weekly Allowance is payable to the

•	Wives or Families of Men ferving in the Local Militia, in certain 4 cafes in the faid Ad and the other A£ts relating to the Militia fpe-

•	cified; but fuch Allowance is not payable in any rateable Propor-

•	tion, for any Period lefs than one Week ; and it is thererore

•	expedient that the fame (hould be made payable for any fradional

•	Part of a WeekBe it therefore enaded, That the Allowance made to the Wives and Families of Men ferving in the Local Militia (hall be payable and paid in a rateable Proportion for the fradional Part of a Week, whenever the Period for which any Allowance (hall be made under the faid recited Ad, on account of the aflembling of the Local Militia for any of the Purpofes therein mentioned, mall make it requifite, in order to the giving fuch Allowance for the whole Period of the Men being fo aflembled as aforefaid.

* III. And whereas by the Provifions of the faid recited Ad,

•	where the Number of Men raifed in any County, Stewartry or « Place is fufficient, the Local Militia thereof is to be formed into

•	One or more Regiments, confifting of not more than Twelve nor

•	lefs than Eight Companies ; and it is expedient that Power (hould 4 be given to His Majefty to form the Local Militia of any County, 4 Stewartry or Place, into Battalions, confifting of Six Companies, if 4 He thinks fitBe it therefore enaded, That it (ball be lawful for His Majefty, whenever He (hall think fit, to form the. Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place, into Battalions, confifb-ing each of not lefs than Six Companies.

‘ IV. And whereas by the faid recited Ad, Power is given to 4 His Majefty to dired any Number of Officers, Non Cbmmiffloned 4 Officers and Corporals, adually fervmg in any Regiment; Battalion

•	or Corps of Local Militia at the time of palling the faid Ad, to be

•	retained for fo long a time d tiring the Continuance of the prefent

•	War, as His Majefty (hould think fit^ and although Ph>vi{ion fa

• intended

repealed.

Vaaocws 1 plied.

5* G. 3. c. 6L §4a

Wives and Families of Militia Men entitled ti Allowance for Fftftional Part of a Week.

51 O.3. c.6*. §6&

His Majefty empowered tW forra Loeal Militia of any County into Battalions, ms-fifting of Six Companies each. $% G. 3. c. 68.

$67.

i So

■Ci).

J3® GEO. HI.

AJ3.1813.

Pay and Emoluments to Officers r tained under the A&.

•rummers rolift-ing in the Army, Sc c. without Cenfent.

5aG. 3* c» 68*

S69.

Adjutant, Ice. of Regiments reduced, to fucceed to Vacancies which occur in otljer Regiment n County.

S% G. 3. c. 68.

$ 90-

Men may re-more from a County in Scotland to one in England, and vicevcrfa.

4 intended to be made in the faid recited A&, as to the Pay, Emolu-

*	men and Advantages to which fuch Officers, as well as Non Com-

*	miifioned Officers, and Corporals fo retained are to be entitled, yet 4, no fufficient Provifion is made for the Pay, Emoluments and Ad-.' vantages to Officers fo retained Be it therefore ena&ed, That all fuch Officers fo retained as aforefaid fhall be entitled to fuch Pay, Emoluments and Advantages as other Officers are by Law entitled to.

V. And be it further ena&ed, That no Drummer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, whether on permanent Pay or otherwife, fhall be allowed to inlift into the Army, Navy or Marines, or Regular Militia, or to engage himfelf as a Subftitute or Volunteer in the Regular Militia at any time, unlefs with the Confent in Writing of the Commandant of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, given for that Purpofe.

4 VI. And whereas in cafes where the Local Militia of any County € or Stewartry fhall have confided of Two or more Regiments, Bat-

*	talion or Corps,1 and One fhall be reduced fin confequence of the .* Redu&ion of the Quota of fuch Local Militia for fuch County 4 or Stewartry under the faid recited A&), a Power is given to His 4 Majefty to order that any Number of Field Officers and Officers, 4 together with the Adjutant and Quarter Matter, who were ferving 4 at the time of paffing the faid recited A&, might he appointed to 4 a& in any other Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia 4 with the faid County or Stewartry, and fhould fucceed to Va-4 cancies which might occur in fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps Be it ena&ed, That all fupernumerary Adjutants and Quarter Matters, whether retained under the faid recited Provifion, or hi any other manner, fhall fucceed to any Vacancies which may occur in their refpc&ive Ranks, in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps within the fame County or Stewartry, although they may not have been before appointed as aforefaid to a& with fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps.

4 VII. And whereas by the faid recited A&, a Power is given to 4 Perfons inrolled in the Local Militia of Scotland, being delirous of

*	removing from One County or Stewartry to another County or 4 Stewartry, at any time during the Period of their Service, fo to 4 do, under the Rules, Reftri&ions and Regulations therein con-4 tained; and it is reasonable that a like Power fhould be given to 4 remove from Scotland to England, or vice verfa ;* Be it therefore ena&ed, That in cafe any Perfon enrolled to ferve as a Private in the Local Militia of any County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City or Place, in England or Scotland refpe&ively, fhall be delirous of removing from Scotland to England, or from England to Scotland, at any time or times during the Period of his Service, it fhall be lawful for him to do fo, upon giving fuch Notice, and purfuing all Directions, and in all refpe&s under and fubje& to the fame Rules, Regulations and Reftri&ions, as are preferibed in the faid recited A&, for Perfons removing from one County or Stewartry in Scotland to another County or Stewartry in Scotland.

4 VIII. And whereas Miftakes oftentimes unavoidably occur in 9 the Chriftian Names of Perfons returned as liable to ferve in the 4 Local Militia, and Doubts have arifen whether the Perfons drawn f can in fuch cafes be made to ferve, or any Penalties can be levied 4	for





AD.1813*	£3cGE0.IIL	C.	29.	t6i

4 for the Negleft of the Provifion of the faid recited Aft 5* For

Remedy whereof, be it enafted, That no Return or Lift or Ballot Returns not

fhall be deemed irregular by reafon of any Miftake in the Chriftian deemed irreguU?

Name of the Ferfon returned and ballotted, and all the Penalties

of the faid recited Aft (hall be enforced againft the Perfon fo Nirots.

returned and ballotted in like manner in every refpeft as if the

Chriftian Name had been correftly returned ; provided that Notice

of the Perfon being ballotted (hall have been given to the Perfon

fo ballotted according to the Provifion of the faid recited Aft :

Provided always, that every Perfon fo returned and ballotted under any wrong Chriftian Name as aforefaid (hall be entitled to claim any Exemption to which he may be entitled after being fo ballotted, and although the Days and Times of hearing Appeals (hall have pa(Ted.

4 IX. And whereas Doubts have arifen as to the Mode of appor-4 tioning fuch Number of Men as may be ordered to be raifed for 4 the Local Militia among the feveral Wards and Parifhes of each 4 County, Stewartry or Place, fo far as relates to the Effeftivc Yeo-4 manry and Volunteers then aftually fervingBe it therefore declared and enafted, That, from and after the palling of this Aft, in Apportioning order to a due Apportionment thereof, the Number of Local Militia thenar* required to be raifed in any County, Stewartry, Ward or other Divi-fion, (hall be added to the Number of Effeftive Yeomanry or Volun- manry and Vo-teers aftually ferving for fuch County, Stewartry, Ward or other luotaers. Divifion, and duly returned as fuch in the manner required by the feveral Afts of Parliament relating to Yeomanry and Volunteers, and the total Number of Local Militia and Volunteers (hall be apportioned over the Wards or other Divifions and Pari(he9 of fuch County or Stewartry, and the effeftive Yeomanry and Volunteers aftunlly ferving in any Ward, Divifion or Parifh, (hall then be taken in Part of the Quota apportioned upon fuch Ward, Divifion or Parifh, fo that the Number of Men to be raifed by fuch Ward, Divifion or Parilh, (hall in no cafe exceed fuch Number as, in Addition to the Number of Effeftive Yeomanry and Volunteers aftually ferving, will amount to the Quota apportioned upon fuch Ward, Divifion or Parifn:

Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall be deemed or Provifo. conft’rued to invalidate any Apportionment which may have been made under the Provifions of the faid recited Aft 5 but every fuch Apportionment (hall remain in full Force and Effeft, and be afted upon as the proper Apportionment until the Deputy Lieutenants (hall fee fit to make any new Apportionment under the Provifions of this Aft.

* X. And whereas various Delays often occur in the completing

*	the Ballots for Men to ferve in the Local Militia, and it is ex.

4 pedient that Power (hould be given to remit Fines in fuch cafes 4 where the Men have been aftually enrolled before the Period ufually

•	fixed for the Training and Exercife of the Local Militia ;9 Be it

therefore enafted. That it (hall be lawful for Kis Majefty, by order His Majefty, In of the Secretary of State made for that Purpofe, to remit any Fine certain cafes may or Fines or any Proportion of any Fine or Fines incurred by any Iwail County, Stewartry, Parilh or Place, by reafon of the full Number required not having been enrolled within the Periods fpecified in the faid recited Aft, m refpeft of all Men aftually enrolled before the Firft Day of April; any thing in the (aid recited Aft to the contrary apt with (landing.

53Gso.ni.	M	XL	And





Lieutenancy to fix the Order for fu( plying Vacancies.

51 O.3. c.68.

§4*.

How Penalty fhallbe recovered for Non. appearance.

Serjeants, &c in Regular Forces or Militias, eligible to ferve in any Local Militia.

5a O.3. c. 68.

* *4.

Lieutenants Chief Command of Local Militia.

XI.	And be it Author eps&cd, That it (hall bo lawful for tbr Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants at any General Meeting, and they are hereby required to ascertain and nx by Ballot the Order in which the refpe&ive Subdivifions and Pariflie* in their refpe&ive Counties, Stewartries and Places (hall Hand, as to the fupplying any Vacancy or Vacancies that may exift or arife therein by reafbn of the Appointment of any Pcr{bn Serving in the Local Militia of any fuch County, Stewartry or Place to be a Drummer, in the fame manner as they may do where Vacancies arife by reafon of the Appointment of Perfons to be Serjeants and Corporals, and (hall in like manner, immediately after the fame (hall be fo ascertained and fixed, caufe fuch Subdivifions and Parifhes refpedively to be entered in fnch Order in a Lift to be prepared for that PurpoSr ; and fuch Vacancies (hall be fupplied by fuch Subdivifions and Pariihes, in the Order in which they (hall have been entered in fuch Lifts as afore Said, and not by the Pariihes for which the Men fo promoted (ball have Served.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That the Fine or Penalty of Thirty Pounds for not appearing to be enrolled and fworn under the fgid recited Ad, (hall and may be fued for, proSecuted and recovered and levied before a Juftice of the Peace, in fuch and the like manner, and by fuch and the like ways and means as any Fine or Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds may be fued and profecuted for, or levied and recovered under the Provifions of the (aid recited Ad.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That every Perfon who has ferved as a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer in His Majefty’s Regular Forces, or in the Regular or Local Militia, (hall be eligible to be enrolled, and to Serve as a Volunteer in the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place under the Provifions of the faid recited Ad, although fuch Perfon may not be of the fame County, Stew* artry or Place, or of any adjoining Pariih or Place, as required by the faid Ad, in relation to Volunteers ; any thing in the faid recited Ad to the contrary notwithftanding: Provided always, that no fuch Serjeant or Corporal (hall be more than Forty five Years of Age, or nave more than Four Children under Fourteen Years of Age s Provided alfo, that no fuch Drummer (hall be rejeded iu confequence of being under Eighteen Years of Age, or under the Height of Five Feet Two Inches: Provided tub, that no fuch Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer (hall be eligible as aforefaid, unlefs he (hall produce to the Deputy Lieutenants, before whom he is to he enrolled as fuch Volunteer as aforefaid, a Certificate from the Commandant of fome Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia belonging to the County, Stewartry or Place for which fuch Seijeant, Corporal or Drummer is to be enrolled as a Volunteer, dating that fuch Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer is qualified for the Situation in which he (hall have fo ferved as aforefaid, and that it is his Intention to appoint him when enrolled to be a Seijeant, Corporal or Drummer, as the cafe may be, to the Regiment, Battalion or Corps under his Command, for the Purpofe of aiding and afiifttng in the Training and Exercife thereof*

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That the Lieutenant of every County, Stewartry or Place, (hall have the Chief Command of the x Local Militia, witnin the County, Stewartry or Place to which he » ' appointed*

10	XV.	And





AJX1813.	j38GI0.IIl	C.39.

XV. And be k further enaded, That where the Local Militia of Two or more Counties or Stewart rks (hall be joined together in order to form a Battalion, which (hall he entitled only to one Lieutenant Colonel Commandant, and one Major, m entry fuch cafe the Lieutenant Colonel Commandant (hall be appointed by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry or Place ftimifhmg the greeted Number of Private Men, and the Major (hall be appointed by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry or Place furnifhing the next

St eft Number, provided fuch Nuinber (hall be fufficient to form a ipany.

XVI. And be it further enaded, That the Defcriptions of Qualifications of Officers to be appointed in the Local Militia, which by the faid recited Ad are diroded to be delivered in to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Stewartry or Place for which they are to be appointed, (hall no longer be delivered in to fuch Clerk of the Peace, but (hall, from and after the paffing of this Ad, be delivered in to the Clerk of Supply of fuch County, Stewartry or Place, or fin the Abfence of the Clerk of Supply) to his Deputy 5 and fuch Clerk of Supply, or his Deputy, (hall tranfmit to the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry or Place, a Copy of fuch Deicription, and (hall enter the Qualifications tranfmitted to him upon a Roll to be provided for that Purpofe; and (hall caufe to be inferted in the London Gazette the Date9 of the Commiffions, and the Names and Rank of the Officers, together with the Names of the Officers in whofe room they are appointed$ and (hall tranfmit to His Majefty’s Principal Secretary of State, a Certificate in the Forin in Schedule (A.) annexed to the faid recited Ad, that the Qualifications have been fo left with him; all which things (hall be done by the Clerk of Supply in the manner m which the Clerk of the Peace is direded to do the fame by the faid recited Ad, and the Clerk of Supply (hall be fubjed to the fame Penalties in cafe of Nonperformance.

XVII. And be it further enaded, That, from and after the paffing of this Ad, it (hall be lawful for all Juftices of the Peace and Magistrates of Cities, Towns and Places, and they and each of them are and is refpedively hereby required to quarter and biUet the Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men ferving in the Local Militia, at the times when they (hall be called out to annual Exercife, in the fame way and manner as His Majefty** Regular Forces are fo furnifhed and provided in Scotland, upon Application made to any fuch Jnftices of the Peace or Magiftrates by His Ma'iefty’s Lieutenant, or by the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion of Local Militia fo called out to Exercife as aforefaid, or of any Divifion or Detachment thereof; and when the Local Militia is not embodied nor called out to Exercife as aforefaid, all Juftices of the Peace and Magiftrates aforefaid may, and they and each of them are and is hereby refpedively required, to order and provide convenient Quarters in fuch manner as aforefaid for the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of the Local Militia on permanent Pay.

XVIII. And be it further enaded, That, from and after the paffing of this Ad, if the Magiftrates and Council of any Royal Burgh (hall provide and produce to the Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Stewartry or Place, or any Two or more of them, at any Subdivifion Meeting for choofing the Local Militia by Ballot, any Volunteer or

M 2	Volunteers

163

Appointment of Officers in certain cafes.

5* G.3. c.68.

Qualification of Officers Cent to Clerk of Supply*

Local Mttki* billetted at Regular Forces.

Magiftrates and To*m Council of Royal Burghs to prov de Volunteers.



M riftrite* m»y

•fTci's for Bounties given to fuch Volunteer*.

49 G. 3. c. 90.

51 G.3. c.68.

5 34-

in p.rt repealed.

AfTelTmcntt for Bounties given to Volunteers by Heritors how made.

49G.3.C.90.

Qualificatfone of Officers for Glasgow*

Refufing to be •x^mbedbvSur* geon enrolled.

C. 29.	53*	GEO.	HI.	A.D. 1813.

Volunteers being of the Cune County, Stewartry or Place, or of.(bmt adjoining Pari(h or Place, who (hall be examined and approved in the manner direded by the (aid recited Ad, fuch Volunteer or Vo* lunteers fo examined and approved (hall be then and there fwora in and enrolled, to ferve for fucn Term, and on the fame Conditions as is by the faid Ad provided in cafe of Perfons chofen by Ballot; and the faid Deputy Lieutenant (hall caufe only fuch Number of Perfons to be chofen by Ballot out of the Lifts returned for fuch Royal Burgh, as (hall be then wanted to make up the whole Number to ferve for fuch Royal Burgh.

XIX.	And be it further enadcd. That the Magiftrates and Council of any fuch Royal Burgh (hall and they are hereby autho* rized to levy from the Heritors, Burgefles and Inhabitants of any fuch Royal Bur^h, an Afleffment not exceeding at the Rate of Two Pounds Two Shillings for each Volunteer, which fuch Provoft, Magiftrates and Council may agree to give to fuch Volunteers, in the manner in which the Magiftrates of the Cities of Edinburgh and Glafgow are enabled to levy their Proportion of any Affeflinent made under an Ad palled in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Maiefty, intituled An A8 for providing Relief for the Wives and Families of the Militia Men in Scotland, when called out into aQual Service•

XX.	And be it further enaded, That fo much of the faid firft recited Ad, intituled An A3 for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia in Scotland, as enables the Heritors of any Parifh to aftefs Sums equal to fuch Bounties as they (hall agree to give to any Volunteer or Volunteers to ferve in the Local Militia, upon the Heritors within fuch Parifti in Proportion to the valued Rent of every Heritor within the Parifti, and alfo fo much of the faid recited Ad as direds One Half of every fuch Sum fo aflefled, to be paid by the Tenant or Tenants of the Land upon which the fame (hail be aflefled, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that inftead thereof, all Afleflments for railing any Sums agreed to be given by the Heritors of any Parifti to any Volunteer or Volunteers, to ferve in the Local Militia purfuant to the faid recited Ad, (hall and may be made and levied in the manner direded by the faid laft recited Ad, intituled An A8 for providing Relief for the Wives and FamUies of the Militia Men in Scotland, when called out into a8ual Service : Provided always, that if any Afleflinent (hall have already been made or levied under the Authority of fo much of the faid firft recited A€t as is hereby repealed, an Afleflinent (hall neverthelefs be made and levied in the manner hereby direded, and all Parties (hall be put in the fame Situation as if no AffefTment had been made under the (aid firft recited Ad.

XXI.	And be it further enaded, That all Perfons to be appointed Officers of the Local Militia in and for the City of Glafgowf (hall poifefs the fame Qualifications as is required under the Provifions of the faid recited Ad, of all Perfons to be appointed Officers of the Local Militia in and for the City of Edinburgh and Liberties thereof.

XXII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon ballot ted to ferve in the Local Militia (hall refufe to be examined by a Surgeon, as direded by the faid recited Ad, it (hall be lawful for any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants aflembled at any Subdivifion Meeting, or any Deputy Lieutenant and One Juftice of the Peace fo aflembled, and they are hereby required to caufe fuch Perfon to be enrolled as a

16	Local

 LjOOQle

A.IX1813.	33*G®0.in.	C.	29,30,31.

Local Militia Man for the Parilh or Place for which he was fo bah-lotted to ferve; any thing contained in any A ft of Parliament to tht •ontrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXX.

An Aft to allow a Bounty on the Exportation of the Manu* faftures of Refufe or Wade Silk.	[ift April 1813.]

*	TT7HEREAS it is expedient, for the further Encouragement

*	W of the Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain that the Bounty

*	now allowed by Law on the Manufactures of Raw or Thrown Silk

*	fhould be extended to the Manufactures of Wafte Silk or Refufe

*	Silk, provided the Goods at the Port of Exportation are of the

*	Value mentioned in this Aft ? Be it therefore enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiemblcd, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from Bounty onEx-and after the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and portation of Ar-thirteen, the Bounty which is by Law payable upon the Exportation ticle* manufrc-from Great Britain of Articles manufactured from Raw or Thrown

Silk, /hail be allowed and paid on the like Defcription of Articles 53	*

manufactured either in the Whole or in Part from Silk called or known by the Denomination|of Refufe Silk or IVa/le Silk ; and fuch Bounty (hall be paid and allowed in the fame manner, and fubjeft to the fame Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions, Penalties and Forfeitures as are direfted and provided by the Laws in force with refpeCt to any other Bounty on Manufactures of Silk exported from Great Britain, fo far as the fame are applicable and are not hereby altered : Provided always, that no Bounty (hall be paid or allowed on any Manufactures of Silk whatever, unlefs the Value of the Goods at tne Port of Exportation is at leaft four Times the Amount of the Bounty claimed thereon.

CAP. XXXI.

An Aft for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain; and for fufpending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar, when the Duties impofed by an Aft of the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty fhall be fufpended.	[ift	April	1813.3

‘	HERE	AS an Aft paffed in the Forty third Year of His 43 O.3. c.n.

*	W prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft for difeontinuing certain 4 Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great

*	Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu 4 thereof until the Fifteenth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred

4 and four : And whereas an Aft palTed in the Forty fifth Year 45 G. 3 c. 93.

4 of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AB to amend Two ABs paffed 4 in the Forty third and Forty fifth Tears of His prefent Majefty for 4 regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar 4 from Great Britain : And whereas Three other ACta paffed in the 4 Forty fixth, Forty feventh and Forty eighth Years of His prefent 4 Majefty, for further continuing the laid Aft of the Forty third O- c. 10.

M3	‘	Year	470.3.

*	C.	20.



4$ 0.3* c. 16. 49 O.3. c, 11*

49 O.3. c.98.

50	G.3. c.18.

51	G.3. c.13.

52	G.3. c.15.

Dnwback* in Schedules of

49 0.3. c.98.

and Bounties in Schedule to

4^ O.3.C.93.

allowed.

Exception.

When Drawbacks allowed,

&c.

32 0.3 c. 43.

49 0*3« c.98. 450.3. c.93.

n •• •

*	Year of His prefent Majefty: And whereas soother Aft piaffed in

*	the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for 4 further continuing until the Twenty fifth Day of March One than]and 4 eight hundred and tent certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Ex-

*	portation of Sugar from Great Britain ; andfor fufpending the Coun-4 Urvaittng Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Duties impofed by 4 an AS of the Forty Jixth Tear of His prefent Majcfy Jhall be fuf-4 pended: And whereas an Aft paffed in the Forty ninth Year of the

*	Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for repealing the 4 feveral Duties of Cufoms chargeable in Great Britain, ana for grant-4 irtg other Duties in lieu thereof: And whereas by Three other Afts 4 paffed in the Fiftieth, Fifty firft and Fifty fecond Years of His 4 prefent Majefty, the Drawbacks allowed by the faid recited Aft

*	paffed in the Forty ninth Year aforefaid, ana the Bounties allowed

*	by the faid recited Aft of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His 4 prefent Majefty were further continued ; and it is expedient that the

*	faid Drawbacks and Bounties fo continued by the faid Afts of the 4 Fiftieth, Fifty firft and Fifty fecond Years of His prefent Majefty,

‘ fhould be further continued j’ Be it therefore enafted by the King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the feveral Drawbacks in the Schedule to the faid laft recited Aft of the Forty ninth Year aforefaid annexed, and the Bounties in the Schedule to the faid recited Aft of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty annexed, (hall be refpeftively paid and allowed in like manner in every refpeft, and fobjeft, to and under, and according to the like Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions, Penalties and Forfeitures (except where any Alteration is made by this Aft), as the faid Drawbacks and Bounties were refpeftively paid or allowed before the pafling of this Aft.

II. And be it further eqafted. That if it (hall appear by Notice in the London Gazette publifhed on the Saturday which (hall happen next after the Firft Wednefday in May> the Firft Wednefday in September One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, or the Firft Wednefday in January One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, that the Average Prices of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar taken in manner direfted by an Aft made in the Thirty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar ; and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Illands in Foreign Ships, for the Four preceding Months, computed to the Wednefday immediately preceding fuch Saturday aforefaid, (hail not have exceeded Seventy Shillings for an Hundred Weight exdufive of the Duties of Cuftoms paid or payable thereon on the Importation into Great Britain, then and in every fuch cafe the Drawback or Bounty in the Schedules to the faid recited Afts paffed in the Forty ninth and Forty fifth Years of His prefent Majefty aforefaid refpeftively annexed mentioned, as correfponding to or with the Price of which fuch Notice in the London Gazette maU have been given as aforefaid, (hall be paid or allowed until Notice of any cither Average (hall in like manner appear in the Loudon Gazette on any other of fuch Saturdays as before mentioned; and fach Drawback or Bounty fiiall be paid

or



A.D.i8i3*	53*	GEO. III.	C3t.

m allowed in like manner in every refoed, and fubjeft and under and according to the like Rules ana Regulations, Reftridions,

Penalties and Forfeitures, as any Drawbacks or Bounties were paid or allowed before the palling of the faid fir ft recited A 61 (except as any fuch Rules or Regulations are altered by the laid recited Ads of the Forty ninth and Forty fifth Years aforefaid).

4 III. And whereas by an Ad palled in the Forty ninth Year of 49 G. 30.98.

4 the Reign of His prelent Majefty, intituled An A8 for repealing 4 the feveral Duties of Cufloms chargeable in Great Britain, and for 4 granting other Duties in lieu thereof, the Lord High Treafurer, or § 8.

4 the Lords Comraiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafurv, or any Three 4 or more of them, are authorized to fufpend the Payment of the 4 additional Duties of Cuftoms on Sugar, granted by the faid laft 4 recked Ad, either m the Whole or in Part, whenever the Average 4 Price of Sugar afcertained as direded by the laft recited Ad, and 4 by another Ad patted in the Forty ninth Year of His prefent 490*3. c. 4J»

4 Majefty, intituled An AB for regulating the Mode in which tbf 4 Average Price of Brown or Mufcovaao Sugar, exclufive of the 4 Duty thereon, is to be afcertained wider the rrovifions of an A$

4 Pwd ln tb* Forty fxth Tear of His prefent Mmefii, (hall be below 4 the Prices mentioned iu the faid firft recited Ad of the Forty ninth 4 Year aforefaid: And whereas it is expedient, that during the 4 Period of fuch Sufpenfion, the Countervailing Duties on Refined 4 Sugar imported from Ireland into Great Britain, and the equiva-4 lent Drawback or Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Refined 4 Sugar of the Manufadure of Great Britain, and alfo the additional 4 Bounty on the Exportation of Refined Sugar from Great Britain 4 other than to Ireland, impofed and allowed by the faid laft.recited 4 Ad, fhould in like manner be fufpended ;* Be it therefore further enaded, That whenever the Lord High Treafurer, or the Lords Whso Tcedurj Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for the time being, fhaU ^fp«nd Payment exercife the Power veiled in them, and ihall, according to the pj Su*ar Diredions of the faid Ad, fufpend the Payment of the whole or ^ q ** 9gt part of the Duties on Sugar thereby impofed, it (hall be lawful for they dull *lib them, and they are hereby authorized and required, in like manner fufpend Coun-and for the like Period to fufpend either the whole of the additional	I)tt"

Countervailing Duties of Cuftoms on Refined Sugar of the Manu»> ue,> fadure of Ireland imported from thence into Great Britain, and of the additional Drawback or Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Refined Sugar of the Manufadure of Great Britain, and of the additional Bounty on the Exportation of Refined Sugar from Great Britain, other than to Ireland, impofed and allowed by the laid laft recited Ad, or fuch Part thereof refpedively as (hall bear a juft Proportion to the Amount of Duty fo fufpenaed.

IV.	And be it further enaded. That the faid recited Ad of the ft c*,x* Forty third Year of His prefent Majefty, and all the Powers, Pro- ** vilions. Authorities, Regulations, Clautes, Matters and Things in the faid Ad contained, except as the fame are varied or altered by this Ad, (hall be and the fame are hereby further continued from the Fifteenth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and (hall be, and remain in full force until the Fifteenth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, for the Port of London* and from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hun-dred and thirteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One

M 4.	thoufand

 CjOO^Ic

l68

47 G. 3. fefl*. x.

C. 22.

§!• §8. f if.

486.3. c.x.

ar&j.feflr. x. C. 22. § t. 3.

So much of

47 G. 3. fcfT. x. e. 11. as rtlates to Bounties on Raw Sugars, ice. continued.

Bounty on Raw Sugar governed Sy Average Prices of Biown Sugar puhlifhed in London GiMtti.

C.31.	53* GEO. HI.

thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, for other Parti of Croat Britain•

1 V. And whereas by an Ad palled in the Forty feventh Year of

*	His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 to allow for Two Tears* * 4 from and after the faffing of th'u A3, an additional Bounty on Double

4 Refined Sugar, and to extend former Bounties on other Refined Sugar 4 to fuch as Jhall be founded, crajhed or broken ; and to allow for 4 One Tear certain Bounties on Britilh Plantation Raw Sugar eso-4 ported\ a certain Bounty was allowed upon the Exportation of 4 Double Refined Sugar, and alfo a Bounty was allowed upon the 4 Exportation of Raw Sugar; and it was enaded, that fo much of

*	the faid recited Adi as related to the allowing of a Bounty upon

*	Double Refined Sugar, Ihould continue in force for Two Year*

( from the palling of the faid Adi, and fo much thereof as related^ to

*	the allowing of a Bounty upon Raw Sugar, Ihould continue in force

*	for One Year from the paifing of that Adi: And whereas by

*	another Adi palled in the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty,

*	intituled An A3 to amend and continue until the Twenty fifth Day of 4 March One thoufand eight hundred and nine, fo much of an A3 of 4 the Forty feventh Tear of His prefent MajeJly, as allows certain 4 Bounties on Britilh Plantation Raw Sugar extorted, fo much of the 4 faid firll recited Ad as related to the laid Bounties upon Raw 4 Sugars was further continued with certain Alterations until the

*	Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and 4 nine: And whereas fo much of the faid recited Adi of the Forty

*	feventh Year aforefaid, as relates to. the Bounties upon Raw 4 Sugar, as altered and continued by the faid lad recited Ad, and 4 alfo the faid lad recited Ad altering and continuing the fanoet

*	have been by fubfequent Ads continued until the Twenty fifth

*	Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen: And

*	whereas fo much of the faid recited Ad of the Forty feventh Year 4 aforefaid as relates to an additional Bounty on Double Refined 4 Sugar, and to extend former Bounties on other Refined Sugar 4 to fuch as lhali be pounded, crafhed or broken, was by an Ad

*	of the Fifty firll (<z) Year of His prefent Maiefty continued until

*	the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and

*	thirteen, and it is expedient that the faid Bounties Ihould be

*	further continued Be it therefore enaded, That fo much of the faid recited Ad of the Forty feventh Year aforefaid, as relates to the Bounties on Raw Sugars, as altered and continued by the faid recited Ads, as likewife fo much of the faid Ad of the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty as relates to the Bounty on Double Refined Sugar, and to extend former Bounties on other Refined Sugar to fuch as lhali be pounded, cralhed or broken, lhali be further continued, frpm the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, uutil the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen.

(a) [52G-3.r. 15. $ 5.]

VI. Provided always, and be it further enaded. That, from and after the Fourth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, the Allowance of the Bounty granted upon the Exportation from Great Britain (except to Ireland) of Briti/h Plantation Raw Sugar by the faid laft recited Ad of the Forty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, lhali be governed by the Average

Price*

 L.ooQle

A.D.*6i3'	53*GB0.IIL	C.	31,32,33.	r<Jp

Prices of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar, computed end pubiifhed in

the Lon Jon Gazette, for the Periods, at the Times, and in the manner hereinbefore direfted.

VII. And be it further enafted, That this Aft maybe altered, Aanwybe amended or repealed by any A6t to be pafled in this prefent Sefiioo •kersdl&* of Parliament.

CAP. XXXII.

An Aft to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, an Aft for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.	[ift April 1813.]

*	TI r HE RE AS the Aft hereinafter mentioned has by Experience

*	W been found ufeful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the

*	fame fhould be further continued in manner hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enafted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Tern*, poral, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by

the Authority of the fame. That an Aft made in the Forty feventh 47 0.3. StC 1. Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to provide c. 19. farther more effeSually for regulating the Drawbats and Bounties on the «*ntinu«d. Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for allowing Britifb Plantation Sugar to be warehoufed in Ireland, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and eight, and which, by an Aft made in the lad Seflion of Parliament, was continued until the Twenty fifth $»G.	•

Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, (hall be and the fame is hereby further continued from the (aid Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, until and upon the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, except only fo much of the faid recited Aft of the Exception-Forty feventh Year aforelaid, as* relates to the allowing Britifb Plantation Sugar to be warehoufed in Ireland, and which under the Pro-yifions of an Aft made in the Forty ninth Year of His prefent 49. G 3. c.3* Majefly’s Reign for continuing the faid Aft of the Forty leventh Year is directed to be warehoufed under the Provifions of an Aft made in the Forty'eighth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for 480.3.0.3* permitting Goods imported into Ireland to be warehoufed or lecured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being fird paid.

II. And be it further enafted, That this Aft, and the Aft hereby Aft repealed continued, may be amended, altered or repealed by‘any Aft to be &c. palled in this Sefiiou of Parliament.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Aft for granting certain additional Duties of Cuftoms imported into and exported from Great Britain.

[15th April 1813.

* Mod Gracious Sovereign,

*	YT7E, Your Majedy’s mod dutiful and loyal Subjefts, theCom-1 W moQs of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland 1 in Parliament aflembled, towards railing the necefiary Supplies to

*	defray the Expences of the iud and necefiary War in which Your

*	Majedy is engaged, have freely and voluntarily refolded to give

« and

 (^.ooQle

*?•

C.33*

530 GEO. IIL

AJ).i8t3.

/ ditionil Dudes on Goods imported and exported.

Goods for which Duties have not been paid (ex-

Goods ware* he tiled (except imported by E.LC.) liable.

4 auid gnat to Your Majefty the farerai new and additional Duties here-4 inifter mentioned ;f and do therefore moft humbly befeech Your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by tne King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the lame. That, from and after the palling of this Ad, there (hall be raifed, levied, col-leded and paid unto His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflors in ready Money (except as hereinafter is provided), without any Difcount whatever, upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize imported or brought into Great Britain from Parts beyond the Seas, and upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize exported from Great Britain, the feveral new and additional Duties of Cuftoms, as the fame are refpetiively inferted, described and (et forth in Figures in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.).

II. And be it further enaded, That the feveral and refpe&ive new and additional Duties of Cuftoms by this Ad granted, on Goods, !m	rted	Wares a°d Merchandize, (hall be charged and payable on all Goods,

by^rS^liabls	Wares and Merchandize (other than and except fuch as (hall have

though imported been or (hall be imported by the United Company of Merchants of befar* Aft. England trading to the Eajt Indies ), which (hall not have been entered, and on which the Duties of Cuftoms due and payable thereon on or before the paffing of this Ad (hall not have been paid or iecured by Bond, notwithftanding fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize, may have been imported into Great Britain on or before the palling oi this Ad.

IIL Provided always, and be k further enaded, That the new and additional Duties of Cuftoms granted by this Ad on Goods, Wares and Merchandize (other than and except fuch as (hall have been imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies), (hall be charged on all Goods, Warns and Merchandize imported into Great Britain, which (hall have been warehoufed and (hall remain at the palling of this Ad in Warehoufes nader His Majefty’s Locks, in pursuance or by the Authority of any Ad or Ads of Parliament, or other fpectal Authority in force, on or immediately before the palling or this Ad, although fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize may have been imported before the paffing of this Ad; Provided always, that fuch Duties (hall not be payable on any fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize, unlefs ana until any fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize (hall be taken out of any fuch Warehoufe for the Purpofe of being ufed or confumed in Great Britain.

IV. And be it further enaded, That the new and additional Duties of Cuftoms granted by this Ad upon Goods, Wares and tit Merchandize imported by the United Company of Merchants of 2? foid’at ,ne*, En&!an(l trading to the Eajl Indies, (hall be due and payable upon public Sales.	Goods,	Wares	and	Merchandize (Tea, Wines, Sugar,

Raw Silk and Cotton Wool excepted), as (hall, from and after the paffing of this Ad, be fold at the public Sales of the faid Company, and (hall be paid or fecured in fuch manner and at fuch times, and fubjed to fuch Rules, Regulations and Reftridions as are prescribed and direded with refped to the Payment of any former Duties of Cuftoms upon fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize refpedively: Provided alio, that the bud new and additional Duties of Cuftoms

(hall

Duties paid on Goods imported by E. I. C. (ex-



AJD.il'tjk

53* GEO. III.

C.33.

«7«

Hull be die and payable on all Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported by the laid United Company which Audi remain in the WarehouCes of the faid Company at the paffing of this Ad, and which (hall not have been {old at the public Sales of the faid Company, notwithftandiag fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize vna^r haze been imported into Great Britain before the paffing of this

V,	And be it further enaded, That in all cafes where the Whole Duties Bonded, or any Part of the Duties of Cnftoms due on the Importation or Exportation of any Goods, Wares and Merchandize, are permitted to be Secured by Bond by virtue of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force at the time of fuch Importation or Exportation, the new aad additional Duties of Cuftoms granted by this Ad may in like manner, and under the fame Rules, Regulations, Reftridions and Conditions, be permitted to be Secured by Bond.

{Duties in what cafe not payable on Landing, c. 105. § 2. poft.~\ vl. And be it further enaded, That all the Monies arifing by the Pdd ims new and additional Duties of Cuftoms granted by this Ad (the Excheqestb necefiary Charges of railing and accounting for the lame excepted)

(hall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer diftindly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenues; and that there (hall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the -faid Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books in which all the Monies anting from the (aid refpedive Duties, and paid into the faid Receipt as aforefaid, (hall be entered

S>arate and apart from all other Monies due and payable to His ajefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, upon any Account whatever.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That all the Monies anting by AppKcstion of the new and additional Duties of Cuftoms impofed by this Ad (the Dude* necefiary Charges of railing and accounting for the lame excepted)

(hall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer; and fuch of the faid Duties as are particulaiiy deferibed and fet forth in Figures in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.), under the Title and Description of u Permanent Duties,0 (hall be carried to and made Pfert of the Consolidated Fond of Great Britain, and (hall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpofe of defraying the increafed Charge occafioned by any Ad pafled or to be palled in the prefent Semon of Parlia-ment, for appropriating certain Monies to the Sinking Fund of Great Britain ; and fuch of the (aid Duties as are particularly deferibed end let forth in Figures in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked

iA.) and (B.), under the Title and Defcription of u Temporary or Var Duties,” (hall be iflued and applied to fuch Services as may have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this prefent Seffion of Parliament, for the 1 Service of the Year One thoutimd eight hundred and thirteen, or (ball be voted by the faid Commons for the Service of the fame or any fubSequent Year; and the Comraiffioners of His Majefty*s Trealury now or for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treafurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to iflue and apply the name accordingly.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That every Ad of Partiameut Formst AA* in force on or immediately before the paffing of this Ad, by which any Rules, Regulations, Conditions or Reftridious were made,

eftablifhed





C- 3>

GEO. m.

A»Di 181 j»

When Wtf DutistOutt

eftabh(hed or direded for the afcertaining the Value of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or for the better fecuring the Revenue of Coftoms, or for the regular (hipping of any Goods, Wares or Mer* chandize whatever, and all Provifions, Claufes, Matters and Things relating thereto, (hall and are hereby declared to be and remain in full Force and Effe&, and (hall be applied to the Subied of this Ad, and for carrying the fame into Execution as fully and effe&ually as if they had been repeated and re-ena&ed in this Ad.

IX. And be it further enaded, That the additional Duties of Cuftoms by this Ad impofed on Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and which are particularly defcribed and fet forth in Figures in the Tables hereunto annexed marked (A.) and (B.)t under the Title and Description of Temporary or War Duties, (hall be paid and payable during the Continuance of the prefent War, and for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace. Dudes levied as X. And be it further enaded, That the feveral Duties refpec-former Duties of tively inserted, defcribed and fet forth in Figures in the faid Tables ^ ^	'hereunto	annexed marked (A.) and (B.), as the new and additional

Duties of Cuftoms, may and (hall refpedively be afcertained, managed, railed, levied, colleded, anfwered, paid and recovered in fuch and the like manner, and by the fame means, ways or methods as former Duties of Cuftoms upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize in general; and alfo by any fuch fpecial means, ways or methods refpectively, as former Duties of Cuftoms upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize, of the fame Sorts or Kinds were or might be afcertained, managed, railed, levied, colleded, anfwered, paid and recovered, and the Goods, Wares or Merchandize whereon Duties of Cuftoms are by this Aft charged upon the Importation thereof into, or the Exportation hereof from Great Britain, (hall be and the fame are hereby made fubied and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Reftri&ions, Seizures and Forfeitures to which Goods, Wares or Merchandize in general, and alfo all and every the fpecial Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftri&ions, Seizures, Sales and Forfeitures Tefpedively, to which the like Goods, Wares or Merchandize were fubjed and liable by any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force, on or immediately before tne paffing of this Ad, refoe&ing the Revenue of Cuftoms, and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures, of whatever nature or kind the fame may be, as well Pains of Death as others, for any Offence whatever committed againft or in Breach of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force, on or immediately before the paffing of this Ad, made for fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms, or tor the Regulation or Improvement thereof; and the feveral Claufes, Powers, Provifions and Diredions contained in any fuch Ad or Ads (hall, and are hereby direded and declared to extend to, and (hall be refpedively applied> pradifcd and put in Execution, for and in refped of the feveral Duties of Cuftoms hereby charged, in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, as if all and every the (aid Ads, Claufes, Provifions, Powers, Diredions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-ena&ed in the Body of this Ad, and made Part thereof.

XI* And be it further enaded, That if any Adion or Suit (haB be brought or commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this Ad, luch Adion or Suit (hall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed,

Lhnitatioa ef



AJXi8i3*	j3#GEO.IIL	173.

mitted, and not afterward*, and (hall be laid in the County or Place where the Caufe of Complaint did arife and not elfewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch A&ion or Suit may plead the Otaerallflfc* General I flue, and give this A& and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and if the Jury (hall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch A&ion or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited, or difcontinue his, her or their A&ion or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants fhall have appeared. Titbit Cefe or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment (hall be given againfl the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants mail have Treble CofU, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant hath in any other cafes to recover Cofta by Law.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That fuch of the new and addi- IMesiiiiddP tional Duties of Cuftoms as (hall arife in that Part of Great Britain Commiffiooew called England fhall be under the Management of the Commiffioners °* Cufton** of Cuftoms in England for the time being; and fuch thereof as (hall

arife in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland (hall be under the Management of the Commiffioners of the Cuftoms in Scotland for the time being.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That it fhall WarDutk* be lawful for His Majefty, at any time when Parliament fhall not be fufpended. fitting, by His Order in Council to fufpend the Operation of this

A& as to any Duties or any Proportion or Part of any Duties granted by this A& under the Title or Defcription of Temporary or War Duties, for fuch Time as His Majefty mall think fit.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That this A&, or any of the A & repeals*, Provifions thereof, may be altered, amended or repealed by any A& *c.

or Ads to be made in this prefent Seffion of Parliament.

TABLE (A.)

A TABLE of new and additional Duties of Cuftoms payable on the Importation into Great Britain of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein enumerated or defcribed.

Goods, Wares and Merchandize (Wine and Silk excepted) being of the Growth, Produce or Manufa&ure of France, or of any Country, Place or Territory annexed to France, or under the Dominion of the Perfon or Perfons exercifing the Power of Sovereignty iu France, for every Hundred'Pounds of the Produce and Amount of the permanent Duties of Cuftoms due and payable thereon Goods, Wares and Merchandize (Wine, Raw Silk, Sugar, Tea and Cotton Wool excepted) not being of the Growth, Produce or Manufa&ui France, or of any Country, Place or Territory annexed to France, or under

Permanent	Temporary or
Duty.	War Duty. .
£ t.	£ t.d.
m m	66 13 4

th#





*74

53* GEO. la

TABLE ( A.) —

AJX1813

C*33-

	Permanent	Temporary or
	Duty.	War Duty.
the Dominion of the Perfon or Pfcrfons	£ /. J.	6 t. d.
exercifmg the Power of Sovereignty in France, for every Hundred Pounds of the Produce and Amount of the permanent Duties of Cuftoms due and payable thereon (0)	O  0  **	
Silk (except Raw Silk) being of the Growth, Produce or Manufa&ure of France, or of any Country, Place or Territory annexed to France, or under the Dominion of the Perfon or Perfons excrciling the Power of Sovereignty in France, for every Hundred Pounds of the Produce and Amount of the permanent Duties of Cuftoms due and payable thereon	0  0  N	

(a; \Barilla Imported, additional Duty repealed, c. 105. f 6* pofi. Deals and Fir Timber, imported, and ufed in Mines in Cornwalland Droony Drawback, c. 105. § 7.	Iron,	imported,t in what

ea/e not liable to this additional Duty, c. 105. $ 3.	Pearls

imported, additional Duty repealed, oji</ on valorem Duty im pofedy c* 105. § 5./^*]

TABLE (B.)

A TABLE of new and additional Duties of Cuftoms payable on the Exportation from Great Britain of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein enumerated or defcribed.

	Temporary or
Hides, Foreign, of aU Sorts, in the Hair, not tanned,	War Duty. « t. d.
tawed, curried, or in any way drafted, exported to  France, or any Country or Place, or Territory annexed to France, or under the Dominion of the Perfon or Perfons exercifing the Power of Sovereignty in France (a) - -	094
Goods, Wares and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce or Manufa6ture of Great Britain, for every Hundred Pounds of the Produce and Amount of the Temporary or War Duties of Cuftoms due and payable thereon -	0  0  O  «/>
Goods, Wares and Merchandize, not of the Growth, Produce or Manufa&ure of Great Britain, for every Hundred Pounds of the Produce and Amount of the Temporary or War Duties of Cuftoms due and payable thereon - -	50 0 0

■'v

i[Ds/jr onJIides charged on the Hundred Weighty c. 105. § rawhack of 9/. l\d. for every Hundred Weight of Carrot Tobacco exported\ c. 105. § 4. /><?/?.]

CAP.



AJD.iStg.

53° GKX HI*

C»J4*

x75

CAP. XXXIV.

An Aft for granting to His Majefty additional Duties of Excife in Great Britain, on Tobacco and Snuff, and on FrenchWiries.

[15th Jpril 1813.]

4 Moft Gracious Sovereign,

4 XT7E Your Majefty’s moll dutiful And loyal Subjefts, the 4 VV Couunons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and 4 Ireland, in Parliament affembled, towards raifing the neceflary 4 Supplies to defray Your Majefty’s Public Expences, and making a 4 Permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, have free1 '

4 voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto Your Majefty the 4 additional Rates and Duties of Excife herein refpcfttvely men*

4 tioned ;* and do therefore moft humbly befeech Your Majefty that

it may be enacted; and be it enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent

Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament affembled,

and by the Authority of the fame. That there (hall be raifed, levied. Additional

collected and paid, throughout Great Britain, to and for the Ufe of Static*.

His Maiefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, upon the feveral Goods,

Wares, Merchandize and Commodities mentioned and defcribed in the Schedules marked (A.) and (B.) refpeftively hereunto annexed, the feveral Sums of Money and additional Duties of Excife as they are refpeftively inserted, defcribed and let forth in the laid Schedules; and that there (hall be made, allowed and paid, for or in refpeft of Goods, Wares, Merchandize and Commodities, for or in refpeft whereof any additional Duty of Excife is f by this Aft impofed (hall f MU. have been paid, the feveral Drawbacks of Excife as the fame are alfo refpeftively inferted, defcribed and fet forth in the Schedule marked (C.) hereunto annexed ; and alfo all fuch fpecial Allowances as are particularly direfted by any Aft or Aft# of Parliament in force, at and immeaiately before the paffinj; of this Aft, and the fame refpec-tively (hall commence and^take Effeft from the refpeftive Day or Dave mentioned in the (aid Schedule, in cafes where any fpecial Date or Dates is or are in(ierted therein, and in cafes where mo Date is inferted, from and after the Thirtieth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.

II. And be it further eoafted. That fuch of the Duties of Excife Durfet under by this Aft impofed, aa (hall arife in that Part of Great Britain Commiffi«icr called England, mall be under the Management of the Commiffioners of Exafe* of Excife in England for the time being ; and fuch thereof as (hall arife in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland (hall be under the Management of the Commiffioners of Excife in Scotland for the time facing.

m. Provided always, and be it further eoafted, That the new charged 00 and additional Duties of Excife granted by this Aft on Tobacco Tobacco and Ond French Wines, (hall be charged on all Tobacoo and French Wine French Wine imported into Great Britain, which (hall have been warehoufed, and (hall have remained on the Thirtieth Day of March One thoufand 30, eight hundred and thirteen in Warehoufes under His MajeAy’s Locks, *	3#

ia purfuaace or by the Authority of any Aft or Afta of Parliament or other fpecial Authority in force on or immediately before the (aid. uirtiath Day of March, although fuch Tobacco or Frmth Wince

may

 L-ooOLe

C. 34.

53* geo. in.

A.D.1813.

Accounted far •nd paid as Corner Dudes.

Dudes on fp^> cific Quantifies to apply to greater or lei* Quantity.

Dealers allowed to charge additional Duty.

Duties levied end Drawbacks allowed asformer Dudes and Drawbacks.

may have been imported before the faid Thirtieth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen: Provided always, that fuch Duties (hall not be payable on any fuch Tobacco or French Winer unlefs and until any fuch Tobacco or French Wines (hall be taken out of any fuch Warehoufe for the Purpofe of being ufed or con-fumed in Great Britain.

IV,	And be it further ena&ed, That the feveral and refoedlive Duties by this Adi impofed (hall be accounted for, cleared off, paid, fatisfied and difeharged by the Perfon or Perfons liable to the accounting for, clearing off, Payment, Satisfaction or Difcharge thereof, at fuch time and times, and in fuch manner as the Duties of Excife chargeable upon the like Goods, Wares, Merchandize and Commodities refpediively, or upon any Perfon for or in refpedt thereof, were by any Adi or Adis of Parliament in force immediately before the palling of this Adi to be accounted for, cleared off, paid, fatisfied or difeharged.

V.	And be it further enadied, That in all cafes where Duties are impofed or Drawbacks allowed by this Adi on any fpecific Quantity of Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, the fame (hall in every cafe be underiiood and deemed and taken to apply in the fame Proportion and after the fame Rate to any greater or lefs Quantity than fuch fpecific Quantity.

. * VI. And whereas Contradis or Agreements may have been

*	made before the palling of this Adfc by Dealers in the refpective

*	Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, upon which addi-' tional Duties are by this Adi impofed, for fuch Goods, Wares,

*	Merchandize or Commodities refpediively, to be delivered after the

*	Thirtieth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thir-

*	teen ;* Be it therefore ena&ed, That fuch Dealers delivering fuch Tobacco or Snuff, or French Wine, after the Thirtieth Day of March One thoufand eight and hundred thirteen, in purfuance of fuch Contradis or Agreements, lhall be allowed to add fo much Money as will be equivalent to the Duties by this A dt impofed, for or in refpedl of fuch Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities refpediively, to the Price thereof, and lhall be entitled by virtue of this Adi to be paid for the fame accordingly.

VII. And be it further enadied, That the faid Several Sums of Money refpediively inferted, deferibed and fet forth in the faid Schedules hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.) refpediively, as the Duties of Excife, and the Drawbacks of the Duties of Excife fet forth in the faid Schedule marked (C.), upon the feveral and re-fpedtive Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities inferted therein, mail and may be respectively raifed, levied, colledied, anfwered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated and allowed, in fuch and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general or fpecial means, ways or methods, by which the former Duties refpediively, and Drawbacks of the Duties of Excife refpediively, upon Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, of the fame Sort or Kind refpediively, were or might be raifed, levied, colledied, anfwered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated or allowed ; and the Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, fo by this Adi refpe&ively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with Duties of Excife, or entitled to Drawbacks of Duties of Excife, as refpediively inferted, deferibed and let forth in the laid Schedules hereunto annexed, (hall be and the

fa





A.D.1813.

$3* GEO. Iff.

C.34.	177

feme trtt hereby rtmfle fnbjeft to all and e^ery the Conditions, ReguTi-tions, Rules, Reflridions and Forfeitures to which Goods, Wares,

Merchandize or Commodities in general, and alfo to all and every the facial Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftri&ions and Forfeitures refpe&ively, to which the like Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities refpefiively, were ftibjeft and liable by any A6t or Ads of Parliament in force immediately before the palling of this Adi relating to the Duties of Excife ; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture, of any nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed againft or in breach of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force immediately before the palling of this Ad, made for fecnrmg the Revenue of Excife, or for the Regulation and Improvement thereof, ani the feveral Claufes, Powers aud Diredions therein contained, (hall and are hereby direded and declared to extend to, and Ihall be refpedively applied, pradifed and put in Execution for and in refped of the feveral Duties of Excife, and Drawbacks of Duties of Excife hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample a manner, to all Intents and Purpofes whatever, as if all and every the faid Ads, Claufes, Provifions, Powers, Directions, Fines,

Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and reloaded in the Body of this Ad.

VIII. And be it further enaded. That m eftimating the faid How Stock of additional Duties hereby impofed on French Wine, as being found upon the firft adual Survey, by the proper Officer or Officers of J^ Excife as hereinafter mentioned, in the Stock, Cuftody or Poffelfion y ** of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine which fheH be in Bottles, Five repnted Quart Bottles (hall be reckoned to the Gallon, and Two hundred and fifty two of fuch Gallons to the Tan ; and the faid additional Duties payable oh jFrench Wine, as being in the Stock, Cuftody or PoffeffioQ of fuch Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine as afore-faid, (halt be paid m manner following; that is to Cay, One Fourth Part thereof on the Tenth Day of OBoher One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen ; one other Fourth Part thereof on the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen 5 ohe other FoWfth Part thereof on the Tenth Day of OBoher One thoufand eight hundred And fourteen ; and the remaining Fourth Part thereof M the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen*

IX.	Provided always, arid be it further enaded. That nothing Not to charts hr tlii& Ad contained frail extend or be deemed or conftrued to Dutyunltf* extend to charge with any Doty, by virtue of this A&, any French Stock on Sumy Wine in the Stock, Cuftody or Poffefllon of any Dealer or Dealers ^jer ?°^n ift, or Sefler or SeflerB of Foreign Wine, for which tbe additional

D*ty by this A a impofed (hall have been paid on Importation thereof, nor any French Wine in the Stock, Cuftody or Poffeflion of Itrf Drtrfer or Dealers in, or Seiler or Sellers of Foreign Wine, uqlefr fwth Dealer or Dealers m, or Seiler or Seller*, Ihall have in his> her dr the$r Stock, Cuftody or Pofleffion, on foch actual Survey as afore-faid, after the Thirtieth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, a Quantity or Quantities of French Wine exceeding Sixty three Gallons, reckoning Five ipputed Quart Bottles to a Gallon for af! fuch Wide as frail be in Bottles.

X.	ProtHed alfo, and be it further eriafled, That etfery fucli Payment at Deafer or Dealert or Setter or Sellers rf Foreign Wine^ who (hall. Duty by oA to.

53 Geo. Ill*

N

on tSs.t, All***

•nee to Dfala/.



178

C-34-

53* GEO. UI.

A.D.1813.

raudoWotlj n-novimWine.

Penalty.

Notice of Stock mhaoil

’entity.

Prise French Wine, Tobacco nd Snuff* liable.

t Tv ; k*. 4T •	•.	te	**fc>

% .' ■ . B s 1

Application of Duties.'

on or before the laid Tenth Dar of OHoher One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, hare a&uafly paid in Advance the whole of the faid additional Duties by this Act impofed on any French Wine which (hall have been found on the firft a&ual Survey by tbe proper Officer or Officers of Excife, after the laid Thirtieth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, in his, her or their Stock, Cuftody or Pofleffion as aforefaid, (hall be entitled to an Allowance equal to One Third of fuch additional Duties fo paid in Advance as aforefaid.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Dealer or Dealers in Foreign Wine (hall, for the Purjpofe of preventing the fame being found in his, her or their Cuftody or Pofleffion by the proper Officer or Officers of Excife, upon the firft a&ual Survey of fuck Officer or Officers after the Thirtieth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, clandeftinely remove or carry away,, or caufe or fuffer to be refnoved or carried away, any French Wine, of (hall for the Purpofe aforefaid, fraudulently hide or conceal, or caufe or fuffer to be hidden or concealed any fuch French Wine, then and in every fuch cafe the Dealer or Dealers fo offending (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and 'the French Wine fo removed, conveyed away, hidden or concealed, (hall alfo be forfeited, and (hall and may be leized by any Officer or Officers of Excife ; and the Perfon or Perfons in whofe Cuftody or Pofleffion any fuch French Wine (hall be found, who (hall not, before the Difcovery thereof by an Officer or Officers of Excife, give Notice at the next Office of Excife of the Quantity of French Wine, To in his, her or their Cuftody or Pofleffion, (hall alfo forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be fued for, recovered, levied and mitigated as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by A&ion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty** Courts of Record at Wejlminjlcr, or in the Court of Exchequer at 'Edinburgh; and that one Moiety thereof (hall be to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him or them, who (h*ll dffeover, inform or fue for the fame.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That all French Wine, Tobacco ind Snuff, refpe&ively taken and condemned as Prize, and fold by the Captors or their Agents, and which (hall, from or after the (aid Thirtieth Day of March One thoufaad eight hundred and thirteen, be taken out of any Warehouse wherein the fame (hall have been fecured to be confumed in this Kingdom, (hall be fubjed and liable to the additional Duty by this Act impofed, for or in refpe& of French Wine, Tobacco or Snuff, as the cafe may require, refpe&ively imported, and fuch additional Duty (hall be paid and payable by (pjch “Perfons and in fuch manner as the Duties are payable by Law.

‘XIII. And be it further ena&ed, That all the Monies anting by tne new and additional Duties of Excife impofed by this A& (the

datpd Fund of Great Britain ; and fuch of the faid Monies as (hall aAfefrom Duties on Wines (hall be deemed to be an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpofe of defraying the increafed Charge occafioned by any A& paffed or to be pafled in the prefent Seffion

•: ■	•. • - nr	of





179

A.D.i8i3‘	53*GEO.	III.	C.34.

of Parliament for appropriating certain Monies to the Sinking Fund of Great Britain; and fuch of the faid Monies as (hall arile from Duties on Tobacco (hall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpofe of defraying the Charge occafioned by the Loans made for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and twelve.

XIV. And be it further ena&ed, That this A& may be altered, amended or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be made in this prefent Seffion of Parliament.

SCHEDULE (A.)

TOBACCO AND SNUFF.

For every Pound Weight of Tobacco, of the Growth, Produdion or Manufadure of the Plantations or Dominions of Spain* 6rT\)r-tugal, imported into Great Britain	-	-

For every Pound Weight of Tobacco, of the Growth or Produdion of His Majefty’s Colonies, Plantations, Iflauds or Territories in America, or ot the United States of America, imported into Great Britain	-

For evenr Pound Weight of Tobacco, of the Growth or Production of any of the Territories or Dominions of the Emperor of Ruflia, or of the Ottoman or Turkifh Empire, imported into Great Britain

For every Pound Weight of Tobacco imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies	-	-	-

Eor every Pound Weight of Snuff imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eall Indies -

For every Pound Weight of Snuff imported into Great Britain from any Britifh Plantation in America, or from the Spanifh Weft Indies	•	-

For every Pound Weight of Snuff imported into Great Britain from any other Place, not being IVifh-manufactured Snuff imported diredly from Ireland	-	-

The faid additional Dpties to be paid by the Importers or Proprietors of all Tobacco and Snuff which (hall have been imported, and for which the Duties chargeable on Tobacco and Snuff refpe&ively (hall not have been paid on or before the Thirtieth Day of.March One thoufand eight bundled and thirteen, or which (hall be imported, and which (whether the fame (hall have been or (hall be imported) (hall not be duly exported to Parts beyond the Seas, diredUv from the Ware-houfes in which the uune (hall have been lodged, under the Rules and Regulations in that cafe made and provided.

WINE.

For every Tun of French Wine imported into Great Britain, and for which all the Duties payable thereon (hall not be paid on or

N 3

A& repeal*1, Sec.

Duties.

£ s. d. 004}

002

002 0 0 2 O O si 0 0 2$ o o sl

before

 L,ooQie

18*9

53'GEO. III.

AJL1813

C.34.

SCHEDULE (A.) —continued.

WINE.	Duties.
before the Thirtieth Day of March Ooe thoufand eight hundrtd and thirteen, to be paid by the Importer thereof, a Duty of	63 0 0
For every Tun of French Wine which fhali have been found on the firfl adual Survey by the proper Officer or Officers of Excife, after the faid Thirtieth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, in the Stock, Cuflody or Poffeffion of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, to be paid by fuch Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers* a Duty of	63 O Q

SCHEDULE (B.)

TOBACCO AND SNUFF.

For every Pound height of unmanufactured Tobacco, of the Growth or Produce 0? Ireland, imported from thence into Great Britain	-

For every Pound Weight of Iriih-manufadured Short-cut Tobacco, or Tobacco manufactured into what is commonly called or known by the Name of Spanifh, imported from Ireland into Great Britain For every Pound Weight of Irifh-manufatiured Shag Tobacco, imported from Ireland into Great Britain For every Pound Weight of Irifh-manufadured Roll Tobacco, imported from Ireland into Great Britain For every Pound Weight of Irifh-manufadured Carrot Tobacco, imported from Ireland into Great Britain For every Pound Weight of every other Sort of Irifh-manufadured Tobacco, not hereinbefore enumerated or defcribed, imported from Ireland into Great Britain	...

For every Pound Weight of Irifh-manufadured Rappee SnuiF, imported from Ireland into Great Britain For every Pound Weight of Irifh-manufadured Scotch Snuff, imported froth Ireland into Great Britain For every Pound Weight of Irifh-manufadured Brown Scotch Snuff, imported from Ireland into Great Britain For every Pound Weight of Irifh-manufadured Tobacco Stalk Flower, imported from Ireland into Great Britain For every Pound Weight of every other Sort or Kind of Irifh-manufadured Snuff or Snuff Work not hereinbefore enumerated or defcribed, imported from Ireland into Great Britain

Duties.

£ s. d<

0 0 2

OO3

OO3

OOJ

003

OOJ

O O 2{ 0 o 3i 0 0 2’ O O }i

o o

SCHE-



A*D'i8i3<

tt'GEO.UL

C-34*3f

III

SCHEDULE (C.)

TOBACCO.

For every Pound Weight of Short-cut Tobacco, manufe&ured any of the Ports of Great Britain into which Tobacco may lawfully be imported, or within Two Miles thereof, from Tofoccp For which the Dirties impofed in refpeft thereof ft*]] b*ve be**1 paid, and exported as Merchandize by the Manufacturer thereof, From fuch Ports to Foreign Parts	-

For every Pound Weight of Shag Tobacco Co manijfaftyred aq4 exported	-	f.	-	-

For every Pound Weight of Roll Tobacco fo manufadora) pud exported	-	-	-

For every Pound Weight of Carrot Tobacco fo manufa&ured and exported	-

WINE.

For every Tun of French Wine imported into QmX Britain, for which all the Duties iropoled in refpeft thereof &41 have been paid and which (hall be duly exported as}Merchan4i*e frog* or out of the entered Stock of any Dealer or Dealers ip, qf Seller or Sellers of French Wine, and fo in Proportion for *oy greater or lefs Quantity	 •	f________r________-

Drawbacks.

* r. d.

O O 1$ O O li o o ti

63 o

CAP. XXXV.

An Aft to alter and amend feveral Afts paffed in His prefent Majefty*s Reign, relating to the Redemption of the National Debt 5 and for making further Provifion in refpeft thereof.

[15th April 1813.]

*	TXTHEREAS the Total Capital of the Funded Debt of Great 4 W Britain in perpetual redeemable Annuities, exifting on the

*	Fifth Day of January One thoufand feven hundred and eighty fix,

4 amounted to the Sum of Two hundred thirty eight millions two 4 hundred thirty one thoufand two hundred forty eight Pounds Five

*	Shillings and Two nence Three Farthings: And whereas by feveral 4 Afts paffed in the Reign of His prelent Majefty ; videlicet* an Aft

*	paffed in the Twenty uxth Year of His Majefty, intituled An Aft o$G. 3. c.$t* 4 for vefling certain Sums in Cemmifiotters at the End cf every Quarter

*	of a Tear, to be by them	to the RtduSion of the National

*	Debt ; an Aft paffed in the Twenty leventh Year ot His Majelly, 47	& 3.	c*

*	intituled An AS for repealing the feveral Duties of Cufimne and

*	Excife, and grunting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the

*	feud Duties, together with the other Duties compofng top Public

*	Revenue ; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares and 4 Merchandise, the Produce or ManufaBure of (bo European Do~

<	minions of the French King into thu Kingdom i and for applying

*	certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment

*	of Annuities on Lives, to the Redudion of the National Debt; an

<	A& paffed in the Thirty fecond Year of {ii* Majefty, intituled	a	3.	c. ss-

N j	<	An



4 An AS to render more ejfeSual an AS made in the Twenty Jinth Tear 4 of H'u prefent Majejly's Reign, intituled An AS for vejting certain 4 Sums in Commiffioners at the End of every Quarter of a Tear, to he 4 by them applied to the ReduSion of the National Debt; and to dire9 4 the Application of an additional Sum to the ReduSion of the faid Debt. 42 O.3. Ljt. 4 in cafe of future Loans ; and an Aft pa (Ted in the Forty fecond * Year of His Majcfty, intituled An AS to amend and render more f ejfeSual Two ASs pajfed in the Twenty Jixtb and Thirty fecond Tears 4 of the Reign of Hit prefent Majejly, for the ReduSion of the National 4 Debt; various Provifions were made for the gradual Reduftion of 4 the faid Debt exifting'on the Fifth Day of January One thoufand 4 feven hundred and eighty fix, and of the public Debt fmce con-4 trafted : And whereas by virtue of the faid feveral Afts, the Sum 4 oF Two hundred thirty eight millions three tiundfed and fifty 4 thoufand one hundred forty three Pounds Eighteen Shillings and 4 One Penny of Funded Capital of the faid Debt had, on or before 4 the Firft Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, 4 been aftually purchafed by the Commiffioners for the Reduftion of 4 the National Debt, or had been transferred to the faid Commiffioners \ for the Redemption of Land* Tax, or the Purchafe of Life An-4 nuities; and which faid Sum fo purchafed or transferred to the 4 faid Commiffioners as aforefaid, exceeds the Total Capital of the 4 perpetual redeemable Annuities of the Funded Debt of Great 4 Britain, exifting on the Fifth Day of January One thoufand 4 feven hundred and eighty fix, by the Sum of One hundred and 4 eighteen thoufand eight hundred ninety five Pounds Twelve 4 Shillings and. Ten pence Farthing: And whereas the Public ;	4 Burthens may at this Period be greatly alleviated, and the whole

4 of the National Debt now exifting may neverthelefs be redeemed 4 within Forty* five Years from the Periods of their refpeftive Loans 4 by which the fame was created ; and the Reduftion thereof may be 4 accelerated, if the Provifions of the faid recited Afts were altered, 4 varied and amended, in the manner hereinafter expreffed Be it therefore enadted and declared by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Conferit of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and pnkrUnn°k ky the Authority of the fame, That, for the Purpofes of this Aft, an t	Amount	of Public Debt equal to the whole Capital of the Public

Debt exifting on	in	perpetual redeemable Annuities, exifting on the faid Fifth

Jan. 5,1786, Day of January One thoufand feven hundred and eighty fix, (haH deemed fatisfied, be deemed to be fatished and difeharged ; and fo much of the and fo much Capital Stock fo purchafed and transferred as aforefaid, and (landing i V h *n the Names of the faid Commiffioners in the Books of the Governor rnncelk^to de- an<* Company of the Bank of England, as Parliament, by an Aft ot fray Charge of Afts to be patted in the prefent Seffion, (hall or may direft, (hall be I oao.	cancelled, in like manner as if the fame had been transferred to the

faid Commiffioners for the Redemption of Land Tax, purfuant to the Provifions of the feveral Afts thereunto relating*, in order to make Provifion for the Charge of any Addition to be made to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, by way of Loan, or in any other When further manner, for the Service of the prefent Year; and when and fo food A mount of Debt as fuch a further Amount of tne Capital Funded Debt of Great di certain	(hall	have been purchafed by the faid Commiffioners, or

Dividend, Com- transferred to them for the Redemption of Land Tax, or the

Purchafe

'S

 CjOOQle

A.D.1813.

53« GEO. III.

C-35-

Purcbafe of Life Annuities, as, together with the Amount fo already purchafed or transferred as aforefaid, (hall have produced an Intereft or yearly Dividend equal in Amount to the whole Annual Charge in perpetual redeemable Annuities of the Public Debt of Great Britain, exifting on the Fifth Day of January One thoufand feven hundred and eighty fix, the faid Commifiioners (hall thereupon certify and declare the lame to the Lord High Treafurer, or Com-miilioners of the Treafury for the time being, who (hall caufe the faid Certificate and Declaration to be publifhed in the London Gazette, and to be laid before Parliament (if Parliament (hall be then fitting), but if Parliament (hall not be then fitting, then withii} Fourteen Days after the next Meeting of Parliament; and fo from time, to time whenever fuch a further Amount of the Capital Funded Debt of Great Britain (hall have been purchafed or transferred as aforefaid, as (hall be equal to the whole Capital, and (hall have produced an Intereft or yearly Dividend equal in Amount to the whole Annual Charge in* perpetual redeemable Annuities, of each Loan contra&ed fince the laid Fifth Day of January One thoufand feven hundred and eighty fix ; the faid Commifiioners (hall from time to time thereupon in like manner certify and declare the fame to the Lord High Treafurer or Commifiioners of the Treafury for the time being, wno (hall in like manner caufe every fuch Certificate and Declaration to be publifhed in the London Gazette, and to be laid before Parliament; and whenever any fuch Certificate and Declaration (hall have been fo made, publifhed and laid before Parliament as aforefaid, the Amount of Public Debt to which fuch Certificate and Declaration (hall relate, (hall from time to time be deemed and taken to be wholly fatisfied and difeharged, and an equal Amount of Capital Stock (lauding in the Names of the faid Commifiioners, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ or of the South Sea Company, (hall be confidered to be redeemed by Parliament, and (hall from time to time be cancelled as above mentioned, at fuch times and in fuch Proportions as (hall be diredled by any Adt or Adis of Parliament to be palled for that Purpofe, in order to make Provifion for the Charge of any Addition to be made to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, by way of Loan, or in any other manner 5 any thing in the faid recited Adi of the Forty fecona Year of His prefent Majefty to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withflanding: Provided neverthelefs, that out of any Capital Stock to be cancelled as aforefaid, (hall always be referved fuch Sum or Sums as (hall produce a yearly Intereft or Dividend adequate to make Provifion for the Payment of all Lite Annuities which may then be payable out of the Sinking Fund of Great Britain, in cafe no fufficient Refervation of Stock (hall at anytime theretofore have been made for this Purpofe.

II. Provided always, and be it further cnadled, That in cafe and whenever any fuch Capital Stock which may have been declared to be fatisfied and difeharged as aforefaid, or any Part of fuch Capital Stock, (hall not be adlually cancelled in virtue of any Adi or* Adis of Parliament to be paffed for fuch Purpofe, then and in every fuch cafe the Dividends of all fuch Capital Stock as may not have been cancelled, (hall in the mean time and until the fame (hall be fo adlually cancelled, continue to be ifiued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, ana be placed to the Account of the faid Commifiioners for the Re-

N 4	dudioa

183

mtflSooert to certify lime to Treafury,&c.

Whereupon ft ‘ much Stock lh&l be cancelled as may be adfe-' quite to Charge of Loan, Sec.

Dividends of Capital Stock declared fatisfied but hot a&ually cancelled, (hall continue to be allied to Reduction of National Debt.



C-3S«

S30 GEO. III.

A.D1813.

prevent entire Redemption in 45 Years*

Pn.Trrerly Sums j'. filed from Exchequer for Re-d.

io jlfued*

duftion of the National Debt, at the Bank of England, and (hall be applied by them in the Redemption of the National Debt, in fuch and the fame manner in all refpefts as the Dividends of any other Capital Stock (landing in their Names are applicable for that Purpofe.

$t<vk not cm- III. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That any fuch Capital celled k inch an Stock as aforefaid (hall never be deemed to be fatisfied or difeharged. Extent as to or bc cancelled by Parliament, in fucli a manner or to any mch Extent, as might not leave in the Hands of the faid Commiffiouers a Spin fufficient, together with the other Funds or Sums of Money appropriated to them, to redeem or purchafe an Amount of redeemable Public Annuities, equal to fuch Part of the whole of the redeemable Annuities of the Public Debt of Great Britain, as exifted previous to the Twenty fecond Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and two, within Forty five Years from the faid Twenty fecond Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and two; nor to redeem or purchafe an Amount of redeemable Public Annuities, equal to fuch Part thereof as hath been or (hall be created fubfequent to the faid Twenty fecond Day of June Oue thoufand eight hundred and two, within Forty five Years from the refpeftive Periods of the Creation of fuch redeemable Public Annuities refpeftively.

IV And, in order to make more effeftual Provifion for the Redemption of the Public Debt within the Period of Forty five Years from the time of its Creation, conformably to the Intent and ttornTDebt	Meaning of the faid recited Atts and of this Aft, be it further

continue to be	cnafted, That all and every the quarterly Sum and Sums which, by

virtue of the faid recited Afts ot the Twenty fixth, Twenty feventh. Thirty fecond and Forty fecond Years of His prefent Majefly’s Reign, or any of them, are direfted to be iflued at the Receipt of the Exchequer to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on account of the Commiflioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt, (hall from time to time continue to be fo iflued, and (hall be applied by the faid Commiflioners purfuant to the Direftions, and under and according to the Reftriftions and Pro-vifions of the faid recited Afts, either in Payment for the Redemption or in the Purchafe of the feveral redeemable Public Annuities of Great Britain, until the whole of the perpetual redeemable Annuities, now, or which during the prefent War may hereafter become charged upon the Public Funds of Great Britain, (hall have been completely redeemed or purchafed within Forty five Years from the Creation thereof as aforefaid ; any thing in the faid recited Afts of the Twenty fixth and Thirty fecond Years of His faid Majefty’s Reign, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

V. And be it further ena&ed, That whenever the Amount of the Sum to be raifed by way of Loan, or in any other manner, which may create an Addition to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, in the prefent or any future Year, (hall exceed the Sum which on the Firft Day of February (hall have been or (hall he eftimated to be applicable in the fame Year to the Reduftion of the National Debt, then and in every fuch cafe an annual Sum, amounting to One hundredth Part of the Capital Stock created by fo much only of the Monies raifed by way of Loan, or in any other manner as aforefaid* in the Year, as (hall be eaual to the Sum fo eftimated to be applicable to the Reduftion of the National Debt, within the fame Year, (hall be

When Sum* rail d by Loan 01 wt erwife for Service of any Year I all ex -rc-td a certain Amount, a ne* Fund mail be 5 r vided.

be iffued at the Receipt of the Exchequer to the Account of the faid Commiffioners, in the manner dire&ed by the faid recited A61 of the Thirty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty} and with refped to the Excels of the Monies which may be fo railed in any Year by way pf Loan, or in any other manner as aforefaid, above tbe eftimated Sum applicable to the Redu&ion of the National Debt, within the fame Year, fuch an annual Sum as (hall be equal to One-half of the Intereft of fuch Excefs, (hall be fet apart out of the Monies com. pofing the Confolidated Fund, and (hall in like manner be iffued, at the faid Receipt of the Exchequer, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* to be by them placed to the Account of the faid Commiffioners.

* VI. And whereas Provifion was made by Parliament, in the € Forty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for paying out of the Confolidated Fonu of Great Britain, the Intereft and Charges of the Capital Stock created in refpeft of feveral Loans, railed by virtue of divers A6ts paffed in the Thirty eighth, Thirty ninth, Thirty ninth and Fortietn and Forty fecond Years of His faid Majefty, amounting to the Sum of Eighty fix millions fevea hundred and ninety fix thoufand three hundred Pounds; but no Provifion was then made for the Iffue of an annual Sum equal to One hundredth Part of the faid Capital Stock, for the Redemptiou

thereof: And whereas it is expedient now to make Provifion for 1 that Purpofe Be it therefore ena&ed, That in Addition to any Sums which by virtue of the faid recited Ads and of this Ad, (hall be fet apart out of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain, for the Redemption of the National Debt, the further annual Sum of Eight hundred and fixty feven thoufand nine hundred and fixty three Pounds (hall from time to time be fet apart and iffued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of the faid Confolidated Fund by equal Quarterly Payments, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the faid Commiffioners; the Firft of the faid Quarterly Payments to be iffued on the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.

VII. And be it further ena6ted, That the faid Commiffioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt (hall from time to time apply all fuch refpe&ive annual Sums as (hall by virtue of this A6t be iffued or granted, and be placed to their Account in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and alfo the Dividends payable on any Stock redeemed or purchafed therewith, in the Redemption or Purchafe of any fuch redeemable Public Annuities, as they may from time to time judge moft expedient, in fuch and the like manner a9 by virtue of the faid recited A6ts and this Ad any other Sums iffued to them, or placed to their Account for the Redemption of the National Debt, are applicable ; and all.and every the Powers and Authorities, Regulations and Provifions contained in any fuch Ads, refpeding the Application of Monies iffued or placed to the Account of the faid Commiffioners, (hall be valid and eifedual, with refped to the Monies iffued to them, or placed to their Account, by virtue of this Ad (in fo far as the fame are applicable, and except where the fame are herein exprefsly varied), as fully as if the fame Were particularly re-enaded therein.

[Sec C. 95. poJ}.~\

CAP.

Sum to he iffued from Exchequer a . an Addition to Sinking Fuad.

How Commif-fioner* to apply Monies iffued to them by virtue of Aft, to Reduftion of National Debt.



A.D.1813.



53* GEO. III.

4JO.J. c.j6.

in.

V«ffel« idmca-fured in cafe of Doubt as to Toning*.

43 Gj. c.j6.

*11.

VtffcbofHud-Coo’i Bay Com-paoy exempted, not carrying more than Twenty Paf-fcngen.

CAP. XXXVI.

An A St to amend an A&, patted in the Forty third Year of

His prefent Majefty, for regulating the Veffels carrying

Paffengers to His Majefty’s Plantations and Settlements

Abroad.	[15th	April 1813.]

*	YT7HEREAS an A6t was pafTed in the Forty third Year of 4 W the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for rr-, 4 gulating the Vejfels carrying Pajerigers from the United Kingdom 4 to His Majefty's Plantations and Settlements Abroad\ or to Foreign\ 4 Parts, with refped to the Number of fuch Pajfengers : And whereat 4 it is ena&ed by the faid A&, that every Ship or Veffel other than 4 a Britijh Ship or Veffel, owned, navigated, and regiftered according 4 to Law, (hall be deemed and taken to be of iuch Tonnage or 4 Burthen as (hall be ascertained by the Oath of the Mafter or other 4 Perfon having or taking the Command thereof, taken before thq 4 Colle&or or other Chief Officer of the Cuftoms at the Port front 4 whence fuch Ship or Veffel (hall be cleared out: And whereas it 4 is expedient to provide a further Remedy for afeertaining the 4 Tonnage of any fuch Ship or Veffel May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be ena&cd ; and be it ena&ed by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That if the Colle&or or other Chief Officer of the Cuftoms at fuch Port, fhall have any Doubt as to the Tonnage of any fuch Ship or Veffel as fwom to by fuch Mafter or other Perfon, or fhall be required by any Perfon or Perfons having fuch Doubt, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch Colle&or or other Chief Officer, and he is hereby dire&ed to caufe fuch Ship or Veffel to be admeafured in the manner in which a Britijh Ship is admeafured for the Purpofe of being regiftered, and fuch Ship or Veffel, upon being fo admeafured, (hall be deemed and taken to be of the Tonnage or Burthen afeer-tained by fuch Admeafurement, notwithftanding the Oath of any fuch Mafter or other Perfon.

4 II. And whereas it is provided by the faid A&, that nothing 4 therein contained fhould extend or be deemed or conftrued to 4 extend to Ships or Veffels in the Service of His Majefty, or of His

*	Majefty’s Poftmafter General, or of the Cuftoms or Excife in Great 4 Britain and Ireland refpe&ively, or of the Eajl India Company, and 4 it is expedient that this Provifion fhould be extended to Ships or 4 Veffels in the Service of the Governor and Company of Ad-4 venturers of England trading into Hudfon's Bay under certain 4 RegulationsBe it therefore ena&ed. That, from and after the palling of this A&, nothing in the faid recited A£t contained fhall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend to any Ship or Veffel in the Service of the Governor and Company of Adventurers of England trading into Hudson's Bay> provided fuch Ship or Veffel fhall not carry more than Twenty raflengers befides the Crew ; and if any fuch Ship or Veffel fhall carry more than Twenty Paffengers, provided a Licence fhall be granted by His Majefty iu Council in manner herein dire&ed for fuch Ship or Veffel to carry more than Twenty Paffengers, fpecifying the Number and Defcription of fuch Paffengers: Provided neverthelefr, that it fhall and may be lawful

for





*»7

A.D. 1813

53* GEO. QL

C.36, 37.

for any Ship or Veffel in the Service of the faid Governor and

Company to fail without fuch Licence, fubjeA to the Provifions of the laid recited AA, if the faid Governor and Company (hall think fit.

III. And be it enaAed, That when it is intended that any fuch iffuchVeiTelsb* Ship or VefTel (hall carry a greater Number than Twenty Paffengers, intended to cany it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Governor and Company of a 5rc*ter Num-Ad venturers trading into Hudfon's Bay, and they are hereby required to lay before His Majefty in Council a Plan of the Interior of fuch	Majefty

Ship or Veffel, with a Statement fpecifying the Dimenfions of that in Council, fcc. Part of fuch Ship or Veffel which is to be allotted to the Ufe of the Paffengers, and the manner in which it has been fitted up for their Accommodation, as alfo the Number and Defcription of Paffengers to be received on board, and thereupon a Licence by His Majefty in Council (hall be granted for the Purpofe of enabling the faid Governor and Company of Adventurers trading into Hudfon's Bay, to put on board and to convey to their Settlements adjoining to Hudfon's Bay the fpecified Number of Paffengers fo defcribed : Provided that fuch Paffengers being full grown Men do not exceed the Number of Infantry ufually conveyed in His Maiefty’s Tranfport Service, for a fimilar Voyage on board of a Veff 1	** r tnilar Accommodations;

or provided that Inch Paffengers	grown Men are of fuch

a Defcription that the fpecified Number of (uch Paffengers may be equaTy well accommodated in the Space which would be required for fuch Number of Infantry as aforefaid ; and upon fuch Licence being granted, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Governor and Company to put on board fuch Ship or Veffel, and to convey therein fuch Paffengers to the Settlements of the faid Governor and Company adjoining to Hudfon's Bay without being fubjeA to the Regulations of the faid recited AA; any thing in the faid recited AA to the contrary notwithftanding.

An Aft to amend an Aft of the Twenty eight Year of His prefent Majefty, for allowing the Importation of Rum or other Spirits from His Majefty’s Colonies or Plantations in the Wejl Indies, into the Province of Quebec, without Payment of Duty.	[15th April 1813.]

•	TT7HEREAS it is expedient to amend an AA paffed in the *go. t.c.*o.

4 VV Twenty eight Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty,	J

4 intituled Hn HQ to allow the Importation of Rumor other Spiritsfrom

*	His Majefiy's Colonies or Plantations in the Weft Indies into the 4 Province of Quebec, without Payment of Duty, under certain Con-

4 ditions and RefiriaionsBe it enaAed by the King's Moft How Valuations Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the ofRumandCai-Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Par- goe* under re. liament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from Clted and after the Firft Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and comlwte thirteen, the Value of the Rum or other Spirits admitted to an Entry under the faid AA, and the Value of the Cargo of Lumber or Provifions, Horfes or Neat Cattle loaded in the faid Province under the faid A A, (hall refpeAively be eftimated and computed according to the Valuations contained in the Schedule annexed to this AA.

cap. xxxvn.

II. Pro.





188

Privy Council may alter fuch Valuations.

•37-

S30 GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

II. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for His Majefty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, by Order or Orders to be ifTued and publifhed from time to time, to alter the Valuations and Articles contained in the faid Schedule whenever it fhall appear neceflary or proper upon any Reprefentation or Report made by the Governor and Council of the faid Province.

The SCHEDULE mentioned and referred to in this Aft.

Flour, t ft Sort Ditto, 2d Sort Bifcuit Wheat Peafe -Oats Barley Flax Seed Potatoes Indian Corn Salted Beef Ditto

Salted Pork Ditto Butter Soap

Mould Candles Dipped Ditto Salmon Ditto

Herrings and Allwives Shad Fifh Dry Cod Fifh Seal, Porpoifc and Cod Oil Canadian Porter Ditto	Burton Ale

Ditto	Mild Ditto

Onions	.

EfTcnce of Spruce Oak Timber fquared Ditto Plank 3 to 4 Inches thick Ditto	ik	to	2	Inches	thick

Puncheon Staves 3^ Feet long 4 Inches 7 broad and t Inch thick	-3

Puncheon Heading z\ Feet long 5 to ) 6 Inches broad and I Inch thick -3 Pine Timber fquared Pine Boards 12 Feet long and upwards 7 and 1 Inch thick	-	-j

Ditto 10 Feet long and 1 Inch thick Ditto - - Ditto 2 Inches thick Z

Sterling. £ j. d.

1 17 ^

4

*3

6

4

5

4

2

3

5 1

4

10

15

10

—1

6

j

per Barrel of 1 cwt. 3 qrs.

Ditto, per Cwt.

per Bufhel.

10

7

per Bufhel.

per Tierce, per Barrel, per Tierce, per Barrel, per lb.

=: :i	* per lb.
2 IO —	per Barrel.
3 *5 —	per Tierce.
	per Barrel.
	per Ditto.
1 6 ~~	per Cwt.
I ill	per Hhd. of 63 Galls.  |
s-d	I per Ditto.
3			)  per Thoufand.
— 1 3	per lb.
	per Cubic Foot.
_ — 5	per Superficial Foot.
	3	per Ditto.
IO		per 1,200 Pieces.
10		per Thoufand.
— — 4	per Cubic Foot,*
* i> ~	per Thoufand Superficial
Feet.	
25 —	per Hundred Boards.
3 7 6	Ditto.
	Woodeu



A.D. i6ij.

$3*GEO. HL	C.37,381

SCHEDULE —continued.

189

Wooden Hoops 12 Feet long Ditto	14 Ditto

Ditto	10 Ditto

Ditto	7 Ditto

Shingles

Puncheon Packs Bar Iron Horfes

Homed Cattle -

Sheep

Turkeys

Sterling.

* /. d.

5 — — per Thonfand !

5 10 — Ditto.

4 — — Ditto*

2 10 — Ditto.

—	15 — perThoufand.

—	12 — each.

x 10 — per Cwt.

per Thonfand Hoops*

Ditto.

Ditto*

Windward and Leeward Ifland Rum

Rum - — 1 9 per GaHoi. Do. - — 2 — Ditto.

Jamaica

CAP. XXXVIIL

An A€k for regulating the Exportation of Corn and othef Articles to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, the Bay of Chaleur, and the Coaft of Labrador.	[15th	April 1813.]

4 "TlfTHEREAS by an Aft palled in the Thirty firft Year of His G.3. c.30* * VV prefent Majefty's Reign, intituled An Ad for regulating the 4 Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty 4 on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on Britim Corn ex-4 ported; the Exportation of Corn and other Articles is allowed to 4 Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, the Bay of Chaleur and the Coaft of 4 Labrador, from certain Ports in certain Quantities as defcribed in

*	the Table marked C. in the faid Aft, at the time when the general TaMe C 4 Exportation of Corn and other Articles is prohibited by the Aid

*	Aft 2 And whereas it is now judged that fuch Supply of Com and

*	other Articles might be more conveniently provided, if inftead of

*	the certain Ports and certain Quantities fpecified in the faid Table,

4 the Exportation thereof was allowed from fuch Ports and in fuch 4 Quantities from each Port as lhall from time to time be dlrefted 4 by the Lords of His Majefty's Privy Council appointed for the 4 Confideration of all Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Planta-

4 tions 1* Be it therefore enafted by the King's Molt Excellent Articles fpedfad Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual *nd allowed to and Temporal, and Commons, ip this prefent Parliament aflembled, **	t0,

2nd by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling &c?to°blTex* of this Aft, the whole Quantity of Com and other Articles allowed ported as Privy T>y the faid Aft according to the faid Table marked (C.) to be ex- Council Audi ' ported to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, the Bay of Chaleur and the dired.

Coaft of Labrador, (hall be exported from fuch Ports and in fuch Quantities from each Port as (hall be direfted by the Lords of His Majefty’s Privy Council appointed for the Confideration of all Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations and not other-wife ; any thing in the faid Aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

C A P.



C-39> 40

A. D. 18.13,

190

41' GEO. in.

ljO.J.t.74-

§i, a.

G. 3. Sc<r. a. €.56. § 6.

•ootimied.

*jG. 3. c.46.

14.

continued.

Aft altered, &c.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Aft to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, feveral Laws relating to the Tranfportation of Felons and other Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland.

[15th April 1813.3

4 TTTHEREAS the Laws hereinafter mentioned hare by 4 W Experience been found ufeful and beneficial, and it is 4 expedient that the fame fhould be further continuedBe it therefore enafted by the King's Moll Excellent Majelty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That fo much of an Aft made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majelty, intituled An A8 to explain and amend the Law relating to the Tranfportation, Imprifonment and other Punifhment of certain Offenders, as relates to Tranfportation beyond the Seas; and alfo fo much of an Aft made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majelty, intituled An AS for the effeSual Tranfportation of Felons and other Offender/, and to authorise the Removal of Prifoners in certain cafes ; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned, as extends to authorize the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement; which Afts were amended and continued by Five other Afts, of the Tweuty eighth, Thirty fourth, Thirty ninth, Forty fecond and Forty fixth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majelty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen; (ball be and the fame is hereby further continued from the faid Twenty fifth Day of March until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight huudred and fourteen.

II.	And be it further enafted, That fo much of an Aft made in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Maielty, intituled An AS for the more effeSual Transportation of Felons and other Offenders in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to authorize the Removal of Prifoners in certain cafes, as authorizes the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, which was to continue in force until the Firlt Day of June One thoufand feven hundred and eighty feven, and from thence to the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament, and which was revived and continued by Four Afts of the Thirty fourth, Thirty ninth, Forty fecond and Forty fixth Years of His prefent Majelly's Reign, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, fhall be and the fame is hereby further continued from the faid Twenty fifth Day of March until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen.

III.	Ana be it further enafted, That this Aft may be altered, amended or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be paffed in this Seffioa of Parliament.

CAP.





A.D.i8i3«

C.40, 41.

530GEO. ID.'

191

CAP. XL.

An A£l to repeal fo much of fereral A£b pa fled in England and Scotland refpefliTely, as empowers Juftices of the Peace to rate Wages, or fet Prices of Work, for Artificers,

Labourers or Craftfmen.

[15th April 1813.]

Scotch Alb, a 2d Parliament, Jac 1.

xit Parliament Car. a.

WHEREAS an Aft palled in the Fifth Year of the Reign 5 EBi-c-4-I ij, of Her late Majefty Queen Elizabeth, intituled An AS containing divers Orders for Artificers9 Labourers, Servants of Hujbandry or Apprentices : And whereas another Aft pafTed in the 1 Jac.i.c.6. $ g. Firft Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King James the Firft, intituled An AS made for the Explanation of the Statute made in the Fifth Tear of the late Queen Elizabeth’s Reign, concerning Labourers And whereas an Aft palled in Scotland, in the Twenty fecond Parliament of His Majefty King James the Firft in England and the Sixth of Scotland, intituled Anent the Juftices for keeping His Majefty*s Peace, and their Conftables : And whereas another Aft palled in Scotland, in the Firft Parliament of His Majefty King Charles the Second, intituled Commiffton and In-ftruSion to the Juftices of the Peace and Conftables : And whereas it is expedient, that the Powers given by the faid Afts, and by various other Afts pafted in the Parliaments of Scotland, to Juftices of the Peace and Magiftrates of Cities and Boroughs, to rate Wages or fix Prices for Work, for Artificers, Labourers and Craftfmen, (hould be repealed :’ May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enaded by the King’s Moil Excellent Maieftv, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That fo much of the faid recited Afts, and of each ot them, or of any other Aft of Parliament in force in Scotland, as authorizes and empowers any Juftices of the Peace or Magiftrates of Cities and Burghs to rate Wages or fix Prices of Work ffor Artificers, Labourers and Craftfmen, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed ; and all Orders heretofore made by any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace or Magiftrates, hr England or Scotland refpeftively, under the Authority of the faid recited Afts, or any or either of them, for or in relation to the rating any Wages, or fettling or fixing any Prices of Work to b* done or performed by any Artificers, Labourers or Craftfmen, or Servants, mall be and the fame are hereby declared to be void and of none Effeft; any thing in the faid Afts, or any or either of them, to the contrary notwithstanding.	[&r	5	EL	c.4.	f	16—19.]

CAP. XLI.

An Aft for granting Annuities to fatisfy certain Exchequer * Bills ; and for railing a Sum of Money by Debentures for the ; Service of Great Britain.	[ift May	1813.J

%foft Gracious Sovereign,

Empowering Magiftrates to fix Wages, re-l>ealed.

Order? made by M agi(l rates under fuch Afts repealed.

• contained in certain Exchequer Bills now outftandiog, to the

• Amount





*	Amount of Twelve MfiXont Bfci&g, have refolved, that all

*	Perfons interefted ia or entitled unto certain Exchequer Bills

*	(bomld be entitled, in refpeft of the Principal Sums contained

*	therein, to fuch Capital Stock in Annuities as are hereinafter 4 mentioned, and fhoula alfo be entitled to Debentures on the Terms 4 and Conditions hereinafter exprefled ;9 We, Your Msjefty*s mod faithful Commons, do therefore mod humbly befeech Your Mrieflf that it may be ena&ed; and be it ena&ed by the King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and. with the Advice and Confentof the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament

bolder* of cer- aflembled, and by tne Authority of the fame. That every Perfoa in-tun	tereded	in	or entitled unto any Exchequer BiH or Bills dated

fen* dae between the Firft Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and quer (hall receive twel*et and the Thirty fird Day of March One thoufand eight Certificates to hundred and thirteen, who (hall between the Seventh Day of April the Bank enti- One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen and the Tenth Day of April Ciopthwn to cer- Qne thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, both indnftve, have carried nn tnmnies. ^ fame to the	of	the Paymaders of Exchequer Bills, unless

the faid Principal Sum of Twclve Millions Sterling fliaH have beea fooner fubferibed at the faid Office in fuch Exchequer Bills, (hall be paid the Intereft that (hall have become due thereupon to the Twenty fixth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen inclufive, in Money, as (bon after the faid Twenty fixth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, as can conveniently be done, and (hall have in Exchange for fuch Exchequer Bills, from fuch Paymaders, Certificates to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, exprefling the Principal Sum contained in fuch Bill or Bills, entitling the Holders of fuch Exchequer Bills, in refped of the Amount of the Principal Sums contained therein, to the Sum of One hundred and fifteen Pounds Ten Sliillings Capital Stock in An* nuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen for each One hundred Pounds contained in fuch lad mentioned Certificates, and fo in Proportion for any greater Sum ; and that all Perfons interefted in or entitled unto fuch Exchequer Bills as aforefaid (hall, by having delivered the fame between the refpe&ive Days aforefaid, into the laid Office of Paymafters of Exchequer Bills, be deemed to have accepted of the aforefaid Terms; which faid An* nuities (ball be paid and payable at the Bank of England, at the times Provifo.	and	in the manner herein mentioned; Provided always, that the

Amount of the Principal Sums contained in fuch Exchequer Bilb, to be exchanged for Certificates in porfuance of this Ad, (hall not exceed the Sum of Twelve Millions Sterling,

Guardians may II. And be it further enaded. That if any Infant or Infants (hall deliver up Bills have become entitled to any of the faid Bills, in fuch cafe the for Benefit of Guardian or Guardians,* Truftee or Truftees, of fuch la fart at iAfaartt b” enrkled°to * OT TnJ* md be, (he or they is or are hereby empowered* far tbe Annuity. Benefit of fuch Infant or Infants, to deliver up the fame to fuch Paymafter of Exchequer Bills; and fuch Infant or Infants, upon fuch Guardian or Guardians, Truftee or Truftees, delivering up fuch Bill dr Bilb, (hall be entitled to fuch Certificates 88 aforefaid, aid (hall alfo be entitled to the Annuities as aforefaid, as fully as any other Perfou or Perfons whatever; and the faid Guardian or Guardians, Troftee ot Truftees, (hall be difeharged from the ferae, fo a# the Marne



103

A.D.t8i3.

530 GEO. III.

C.4i*

of fuch Infant or Infants be exprefled in fuch Certificate or Certificates; •ny thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithflanding.

III.	And be it further enadled, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer or Officers, at the Office of the Paymafters of Exchequer Bills for the time being, to take in and receive from all and every Perfon and Perfons Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who is, are, or fhall be poffeffed of, interfiled in, or entitled unto any fuch Exchequer Bills, all the faid Exchequer Bills, to the Amount of Twelve Millions Sterling, as aforefaid, which any fuch Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, (hall, between the refpeftive Days aforefaid, have delivered to fuch Officer or Officers; and the faid Paymafters of Exchequer Bills are hereby authorized and required, upon Receipt of any fuch Bills, to mark and cancel the fame, and to pay the Intereft that (hall have become due thereupon to the laid Twenty fixth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and to make forth ana fign the Certificates herein diredled to be made out, in lieu of the Principal Sums contained in the faid Bilk, and to deliver the fame to the Parties entitled thereto as foon after the paffing of this Aft as conveniently can be done; and the faid Pay-mailers of Exchequer Bills are hereby authorized and required to deliver to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England the Cheques or Counterfoils of fuch Certificates.

IV.	And be it further enadled, That all and every Perfon and Perfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who (hall have delivered any fuch Exchequer Bill or Bills as aforefaid, upon producing fuch Certificates as are hereby diredled to be made forth by the faid Paymafters of Exchequer Bills in lieu of the Principal Sums contained in fuch Bill or Bills, (hall, for every Sum of One hundred Pounds contained therein, and fo in Proportion for any greater Sum, have and be entitled to the Capital Stock in Annuities, hereinbefore mentioned, which (hall be in lieu of fuch Exchequer Bills, and the Annuities thereon (hall be payable Half-yearly at the Bank of England, on the Fifth Day of July and the Fifth Day of January in every Year; the Firft Payment to become due on the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen ; and that all Perfons and Corporations entitled to any fuch Annuity or Annuities aforefaid, and his, her and their f Ad-miniftrators, Succeflors and Affigns refpedlively, and all Perfons and Corporations lawfully claiming under him, her or them, (hall have good, fure, abfolute and indefeafible Eftates and Interefts in the faid Annuities, according to the true Tenor and Meaning of this Adi, until the Redemption thereof, in the manner herein diredled; and (hall be pofTeffed thereof as of a Perfonal Eftate, which (hall not be descendible to Heirs, nor liable to any Foreign Attachment by the Cuftom of London, or otherwife; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary notwithflanding.

V* And be it further enacted. That all the Annuities hereby granted (hall be charged and chargeable upon and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of Gnat Britain, after paying or referring fuf-ficient to pay all fuch Sums of Money as have been diredled by any former Aft or Adis of Parliament 5 and (hail be fubjeft to Redemption by Parliament, in manner hereinafter mentioned.

VI. And be it further enafted, That all fuch Certificates as fhall bf delivered in manner hereinbefore mentoned, fhall be affignable by Iadorfement thereupon, made at any time before the Firft Day of Si Gao. UI.	O	Augujl

Exchequer Othce to receive

and (<tnce! luch Exchequer Bills on ki .tntiiiji fuch Certificate*.

Certificates to entitle to certain. Annuities.

f SU.

Foreign Attachment. -

Annuities pay able out of CoD-folidated Fund.

Certificates may he arguable before Auguft ij 1813.



*»4

Bank, ©n receiving Certificates, to give Credit in Books for Capital Stock therein mentioned ; which St< ck may be transferred.

Holders of Bills defiiou* of fuh-feribing 50I. for every iocl. nuj make a Depofit •f 1 cl perCent by April 17, 1813, end pay Remainder by laftalments.

C.41.	$3°	QEO. HI.	A.D.y8y	y.

Augvft One thousand eight hundred and thirteen and no longer, and no fuch Certificate or Alignment thereupon Oiali be charged with *ny Stamp Duties whatever.

VII. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their SuccefTors, or fuch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall appoint for that Purpofe, and he and they is and are hereby refpe&ively author rized ana required to take in and receive all and every of the Certificates to be made out in lieu of the faid Bills as ?forefaid, in pprfuancc of the Directions of this AS, and upon the Receipt of every fuels Certificate (hall, and he and they is and are hereby required, in refpcdk of every Sum of One hundred Pounds contained in fuch {Certificates fo brought to hin? or them as aforefaid, and fo in Proportion for any greater Sum, forthwith to give Credit in a Book or Books to be prepared for that Purpofe, for the Capital Stock hereinbefore mentioned, jn the faid Annuities of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum ; and the .Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to wbofe Credit fuch Capital ■ Stock (hall be entered in the fajd Book or Books, his, her or their Executors, Adminifirators or Aftigns, (hall and may have Power to afiign and transfer the fame, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, to any other Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in other Books to be prepared and kept for that Purpofe ; and the faid Governor and Company for the time being fl?all aifo, on or before the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, tranfmit an atteiied Duplicate, fairly written on Paper, of the faid Book or Books firft hereinbefore mentioned, into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, there to remain for ever.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and majr be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons who (hall have delivered in any fuch r Exchequer Bill or Bills, and who (hall bp defirous of fubfcribing or contributing the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every One hundred Pound* • Principal Sum contained in fuch Bill or Bills fqr the Purchafe of Debentures, to make a Depofit on or befpre the Seventeenth Day of April One thoufand fight hundred and thirteen, of Ten Pounds per Centnm on fuch Sum as he or (he (hall fp choofc to fubfpribe, with the Chief Ca(hier or Cafhiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; which Cafbier or Cafbiprs is and are hereby appointed the Receiver ar.d Receivers of fuch Sufifcriptions or Contribution* (without any other Warrant tp be bad on tbfit Behalf), as a Security for making the future Payments on or before the Days or times, ana in the Proportions hereinafter limited and appointed• in that Behalf; that is to fay, the further Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum, on qr before the Thirtieth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen ; the further Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum, on or before the Twenty firft Day of May then next following ; the further Sun of Ten Pounds per Centum, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of June (*) then next following; the further Sum of Twenty Pounds per Ce9tum$ on or before the Sixteenth Day of July then next following; the further Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum» on or before the Twenty feventh Day of Augufi then next following; the further Sum pf^Ten Pounds per Centum, on or before the Twenty fourth Day of September then next following; and the remaining Sum of Twenty Pound* far Centum, on or before the Twenty ninth Day of OSaber then next following.	(«)	[1	Btb June, c.$3. § 39. poj,]

IX.	And

 L.ooQle

*9$

A-P-J?i3-	53*	GEO.	III.	C«4*»

f X. A*<i be it further ena,&ed, That it (hall sn<} may be lawful Guardians may for any Guardian or Truftee, having the Difpofition of the Money c mtribute for of any Infant, to contribute and pay for or towards the Purchafc ln 4Dts* of the (aid Debentures; and fuch Infant, upon the Payment of fuel*

Sura or Sum6 fubferibed by fuch Guardian or Trullee, (hall become U Contributor within the Meaning of this A6k, and be entitled to have receive the Debentures, Advantages and Payments, in refpeft thereof, in fuch and the like manner as any other Contributor; and the faid Guardian and Truftee, a$ to the faid Sum or Sums fo advanced, is hereby difeharged, fo as the Name of fuch Infant be ex-pjrefled in the Receipt or Receipts for fuch Money.

X.	And he it further ena&ed, That every Contributor, paying in Contributors the Whole of the Sums by them refpe&ively fubferibed as aforefaid, wholVsubfcrip-for the Purchafc of Debentures, at any time on or before the Twenty ll0n°* or bS# third Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, s^t. 23,1813, Aall be entitled to an Allowance of fo much Money as the Intereft allowed Dif-pf each Sum fo paid in Advance for cQmpleting his, her or their Con- count, tribution refpe&ively (hall amount unto, after the Rate of Four Pounds

fer Centum per Annum) from the Day of completing the feme to the Twenty ninth Day of OBober One thoufand eight hundred and thii teen, which Allowance is to be paid by the faid Caftiier or Cafhiers out of the Money fo contributed in purfuance of this A 61, as foon as fuch refpe&ive Contributors, their Executors, Adminillrators, Succeffors and Affigns, /hall have completed fuch Payment.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful Treafury may to and for any Three or more of the Commiffioners of His Majeftyfe >ffueDebentures. Treafury, or the Lord High Treafurer of Great Britain for the time

being, to caufe to be prepared or made and iffued at the Receipt of His Mgtjefty's Exchequer, any Number of Debentures, entitling the Perfon or Perfons therein named, their Executors, Adminiffrutors and Afligns, to the Sum or Sums to be refpedively fpecified therein, not exceeding in the whole the Amount hereby authorized.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That the Debentures to be ma^e Debentures to fqrtb under the Authority of this Ad (hall be prepared and made be of luchForm out at the Receipt of His Majeftyfe Exchequer, in fuch Method

aud Form as any Three or more of the Commiffioners of His M.a-jpfty's Treafury, or the Lord High Treafurer of Great Britain for the time beipg, (hall think mod fete and convenient; and may contain oue common Sum or different Sums in the principal Monies: Provided always, that every fuch Debenture (hall and may be figned by the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, or in his Name by any Perfon duly authorized by the faid Auditor to fign the feme, with the Approbation of any Three or more of the Commiffioners of His Majefty's Treafury, or the Lord High Treafurer of Great Britain for the time being, in Writing under their or life Hands; and tha£ every fuch Authority (hall be duly regiftered in the Office from which fuch Debentures are to be iffued, and Notice thereof published ip the London Gaaette, before any Debenture (igned by virtue of fuch Authority (hall be put into Circulation.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That every fuch Contributor IbaJl for every One hundred Pounds contributed and paid at the Bank of England* on producing a Certificate from the Ca(hier or Cafiuers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to the Auditor

the Receipt qf His Majefty's Exchequer, that fuch Payment hath

Oi	been

Contributors entitled to receive Debentures bearing an Inte-reftofi per Cent.



19 6	C.4i*

53'GEO.III.	A.D.1813.

When Debentures (hall l>e y.iid off.

Manner of dif-1 barging l)e-•btuturea.

As loon as Sub* : iptions are

c mpleted they may be transferred.

been completed, be entitled to have and receive from the faid Auditor a Debenture for the Sum of One hundred Pounds, bearing Date on the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, transferable by Indorfement, and carrying an Intereft at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum payable to the Bearer thereof Half-yearly, at the Bank of England, on the Tenth Day of OBober and Fifth Day of April in every Year, the firft Payment thereon to be made on the Tenth Day of OBober One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen ; and the principal Sums contained in fuch Debentures (hall be payable in Money at the Office of the faid Auditor, and Intereft thereon (hall ceafe on the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, or on the Fifth Day of April in any fucceeding Year during the Continuance of the War, on the Parties entitled to the fame, giving Three Calendar Months' previous Notice in Writing to the Chief Cafhier of the Governor and Company of the faid Bank of England, of their Intention to receive fuch Money, or (hall »be paid in Money, and the Intereft (hall ceafe on the Fifth Day of April next fucceeding Twelve Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace: Provided always, that the Perfons pofteiled of or entitled to any fuch Debentures, (ball and may in either or any of the cafes before mentioned have the Option (on giving Three Calendar Months' Notice in Writing as aforefaid) of receiving for each One hundred Pounds contained in fuch Debentures, either the Sum of One hundred Pounds Capital Stock in the Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds peV Centum per Annum 1 ereinbefore mentioned 5 or the Sum of One hundred and Twenty Pounds Capital Stock in Annuities after the Rate of Foufr Pounds per Centum per Annum ; or the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds Capital Stock in Reduced Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum ; which faid refpeftive Annuities (hall be payable and paid Half-yearly by even and equal Portions; that is to fay, the faid Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the Fifth Day of July and the Fifth Day of January in every Year; and the faid Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum and of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the Tenth Day of OBober and the Fifth Day of April in every Year 5 the Firft Payment upon the faid refpec-tive Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum and of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum (hail become due on the Tenth Day of OBober next after the time that fuch Debentures fliall become payable as aforefaid; and the Firft Payment upon the faid Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum (hall become due on the Fifth Day of July next after the time the faid Debentures (hall hecome payable as aforefaid.

XIV,	And be it further ena&ed, That as foon as any fuch Perfons (hall have declared their Intention of accepting any Capital Stock in either of the Annuities aforefaid in lieu of the faid Debentures, the refpedlive Principal Sums or Annuities (hall forthwith be in the Books of the Bank of England placed to the Credit of fuch refpec-tive Perfons, their Ex:cotor6, Adminiftrators, Succtffors and Afligns; and the Perfons to whole Credit fuch Principal Sums (hall be fo placed, their refpe&ive Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeffors, and Afligns, (hall and may have Power to ailign and transfer the fame, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, to any other Pcrfoti or

16	Perfons,

 c^ooQle

A.D.i8i3*

53° GEO. III.

C. 41*

m

Perfon*, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatfoever, in the Books of the Bank of England; and the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby required, as foon as conveniently may be after fuch Option (hall have been declared, to prepare proper Books for the Purpofe of entering the Names of all fuch rer-ions, and of placing to their Credit the Principal Sums contained in fuch Debentures refpedtively 5 and the faid Governor and Company are hereby required to caufe fuch Sums to be forthwith placed to the -Credit of the Perfons entitled to the Annuities in refpe& thereof, in the Books of the faid Bank of England; and fuch Sums fhall carry the refpe&ive Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, or of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum9 as the cafe may be, redeemable by Parliament 5 and fhall refpe&ively be taken and deemed to be Stoclc transferrable according to the true Intent and Meaning of this A&, until Redemption thereof, in fuch manner as is hereinafter mentioned.

XV.	And, for the more eafy and fure Payment of the Annuities Exchequer to eflablifhed by this A&, it is hereby further enacted, That the faid ifru* MoreY Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Succeflors, of^An^* fhall from time to time appoint and employ One or more fufficient n

Perfon or Perfons within their Office, in the City ol Londont to be their Chief or Firfl Cafhier or Cafhiers, and One other Perfon or Perfons within the fame Office to be their Accountant General, and that fo much of the Monies from time to time being in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the faid Confolidated Fund by this A 61 made applicable for that Purpofe, as fhall be fufficient to anfwer the faid Annuities, fhall by Order of the Commiflionera of the Treafury, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treafurer for the time beinjr, without any further or other Warrant to be fued for, had or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the relpettive Days of Payment in this A& appointed, be iflued and paid at the faid Receipt of the Exchequer, to the Firft or Chief Cafhier or Cafhiers of the faid Governor and Company ot the Bank of England, and their Succeflors, for the time being, by way of Impreft and upon Account for the Payment of the faid Annuities; and that fuen Cafhier or Cafhiers, to whom the faid Monies fhall from time to time be iflued,

(hall from time to time, without Delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his or their Accounts thereof according to the due Courfe of the Exchequer.

XVI.	And it is hereby alfo ena&ed, That the faid Accountant Accountant Ge-

General for the time being fhall from time to time infpedt and exa-	exaroint

mine all Receipts and Payments of the faid Cafhier or Cafhiers, and	C’

the Vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence or Delay.

XVII.	And be it further enabled, That the Cafhfer or Caflrers of Cifliier to give the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, who fhall have k«c<*jpt *or Sub-received or fhall receive any Part of the faid Contributions for De-

bentures as aforefaid, fhall give a Receipt or Receipts in Writing to b^e^Scp?."^, every fuch Contributor for ail fuch Sums ; and that the Receipts to 1813. be given fhall be affignable at any time before the Twenty fourth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and no longer:

Provided always, that fuch Cafhier or Cafhiers fhall give Security to Cafhier to give the good liking of any Three or more of the Commiflioners of the Security for pay-Treafury, or the High Treafurer of Great Britain for the time being, Money ini?

O O 3	for	Exchequer.





198

C.4i-

$3® GEO. fit.

A.t>.t8t3-

A Book to bt kept in Accountant General's Office for entering Contributor** Name*.

Duplicate tranf-lnitteH to Auditor of Exchequer.

SuKfcripiion* p i id in Fart and n t Completed, foi feited.

Annukie*

P rfonal Eflate,

P'reign Attach, ment.

Treifury may a( pK Money p.id into • chequer.

for duly anfwering and paying info the Receipt of His Maje'fty^s Exchequer in Great Britain as after mentioned, for the Public Ufe, all the Monies which they have already received, and fhall hereafter receive from time to time, of and for the whole of the Sum to arife from the Purchafe of the faid Debentures, and for accounting duly for the fame, and for Performance of the Truft hereby in them re-pofed, and fhall from time to time pay all fuch Monies as foon a* he or they fhall receive the fame, or any Part thereof, or within Five Days afterwards at the farthefl, into, and fhall account for the fame, in the Exchequer of Great Britain, according to the due Courfe thereof, deducting thereout fuch Sums as fhall have been paid by him or them in puifuance of this Ad; for which Sums fo paid Allowance fhall be made in his or their Accounts.

XVIII.	And be it enacted, That in the Office of the Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the time being, a Book or Books fhall be provided and kept, in which the Names of the faid Contributors fhall be fairly entered 5 which Book or Books the faid refpedive Contributors, their refpedive Executors, Adminiflrators, SuccefTors and Afligns, fhall and may from time to time, and at all feafonable times, refort to and infpe6t without any Fee or Charge ; and that the faid Accountant General (hall, on or before the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, tranfmit an attcfled Duplicate, fairly written on Paper, of the faid Book or Books into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majefly’s Exchequer of Great Britain, there to remain for ever.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That in cafe any fuch Contributors who have already depofited with or fhall hereafter pay to the faid Cafhier or Cafhiers any Sum or Sums of Money at the time and in the manner hereinbefore mentioned, in Part of the Sum or Sums fo by them refpedively fubferibed, or their refpedive Executors, Adminiflrators, SuccefTors or Afligns, fhall not advance and pay to the faid Cafhier or Cafhiers, the Refldue of the Sum or Sums fo fubferibed at the times and in the manner before mentioned, then and in every fuch cafe fo much of the refpedive Sum or Sums fo fubferibed, as fhall have been adually paid in Part thereof to the faid Cafhier or Cafhiers, fhall be forfeited for the Bei.efit of the Public, and all Right and Title to the faid Debentures in refped thereof fhall be extinguifhed; any thing in this Ad contained to the contrary thereof in aoy wife notwith-(landing.

XX.	And be it further enaded, That all Perfons who fhall be entitled to any of the Annuities hereby granted, and all Perfons lawfully claiming under them, fhall be pi flefted thereof as of a Per-fonal Eflate, which {hall not be dtfcendible to Heirs, nor liable to any Foreign Attachment by the Cuflom of London, or otherwife; any Law, Statute or Cuflom to the contrary notwithflanding.

XXI.	And be it further enaded. That it fhall be lawful for any Three or more of the Commiflioners of the Treafury, or tfie High T reafurcr of Great Britain for the time being, to ifTuc and apply from time to time all fuch Sums of Money as fhall be fo paid into ^he Reciipt of His Majcfly’s Exchequer of Great Britain, by the faid Cafhier or Cafhiers, to fuch Services as fhall then havfc been Voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this prefent Scffion of Parliament.

10	XXII.	And





AJ3.i$i3»	53°	GEO. HI.	C.41.	199

XXII.	And be it further enafted, Thit all the Eiftiequer BiHt Exchequer Bill* and Debenture* converted into Annuities after the Rite of Five and Annuities Pound* per Centum per Annum, by virtue of this Aft, or intended pjvepercent £d to be, (hall be deemed, reputed and taken to be One Capital or Annuities to be Joint Stock, and (hall be added to and made Part of the Joint Stock added to Joint of Annuities with and (hall be redeemable at the fame time and in like Stock of Five manner a* the Annuities carrying an Intereft after the Rate of

Five Pounds per Centum per Annum% eftablifhed by the Afts of the * *G* f V Twenty fourth. Twenty fifth. Thirty fourth, Thirty fifth, Thirty c. 39. fixth, Thirty feventh, Forty eighth, Forty ninth, Fiftieth, Fifty aj G. 3. c. 3*. firft and Fifty fecond Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, 34 0-3-for granting Annuities to fatisfy certain Navy, Victualling and 35 0.3.^31. Transport Bills, Ordnance Debentures and Exchequer Bills ; and -7G 3 that all and every Perfon or Perfons, and Corporations whatfoever, hi <3.3. c. 38. Proportion to the Money to which he, (he or they (hill become 49 G. 3. c.ai. entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this Aft, (hall have or bfe deerined 50G-3-c«*3-to have a proportional Intereft and Share in the faid Stock of An- 5*0.3.c.i6. nuities at the Rate aforefaid.	52O.3.C.14.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That all the Debenture* Ctin- Four per Cents. Verted into Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds/rr Centum per added to Four Annum, by virtue of this Aft, or intended fo to be, (hall be deemed, P« Cents, reputed and taken to be One Capital or Joint Stock, and (hall be added

to and made Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities transferable at the

Bank of England, into which the feveral Sums cariying an Intereft

after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum ter Annum were, by Two

Afts made in the Twentieth and Twenty nrft Years of the Reign of wO. 3.0.16.

Hi* prefent Majefty, and by feveral fublequent Afts, converted, and 21 c **

(hall be deemed Part of the faid Joint Stock of Annuities, fubjeft

Ueverthelefs to Redemption by Parliament, in filch manner, and upon

fuch Notice, as in the laid Afts are direfted in refpeft of the Annuities

redeemable by virtue of the faid Afts; and that all and every Perfon

or Perfons, and Corporations whatfoever, in Proportion to the Money

to which he, (he or they (hall become entitled as aforefaid, by virtue

of this Aft, (hall have and be deemed to have a proportional Intereft

and Share in the faid Joint Stock of Annuities, at the Rate aforefaidL

XXIV.	And be it further enafted, That all the Debentures con- Three per Cents, verted into Reduced Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds pir Reduced added Centum per Annum by virtue of this Aft, or intended fo to be, mall t0 Thn* per be added to the Joint Stock of Annuities transferrable at the Bank q*

of England, which by an Aft made in the Twenty third Year of 3 the Reign of His late Majefty were reduced from Four Pounds pit Centum per Annum to Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and (nidi be deemed Part of the faid Joint Stock of Annuities, fubjeft never-thelefs to Redemption by Parliament, in fuch manner and upon fudi Notice as in the feveral Afts by which the faid Annuities after the Rate of Four Pound* per Centum per Annum were refpeftively granted, are direfted in refpeft of the Annuities redeemable by virtue thereof; and that all and every Perfon and Perfons and Corporations whatfoever, in Proportion to the Money to which he, (he or they (hall become entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this Aft, fit all have and be deemed to have a proportional Intereft and Share in the laid Joint Stock of Annuities, at the Rate aforefaid.

. XXV. And be it further enafted, That the faid Capital or Mode oftrane-Joipt Stock, or any Share or Intereft therein, and the* proportional ferring Stock.

O 4	Annuities



loo

Stamp Duty.

Counterfeiting Certificates,&c.

Doth.

Counterfeiting Receipts for Co trii utions for Purchafe of Debentures.

C.41.	53 GEO.III.	A.D.1S13.

Annuities attending the fame, (hall be aiTignable and transferable at this Aft direfts, and not otherwife ; and that there (hall conftantly be kept in the Office of the faid Accountant General for the time being, within the City of London, a Book or Books wherein all Alignments or Transfers of the faid Capital or Joint Stock, or any Part thereof, and the proportional Annuities attending the fame, at the Rate aforefaid, (hall be entered and regiftered, which Entries (hall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpofe, and (hall be figned by the Parties making fuch Arguments or Transfers, or if any fuch Party or Parties he ablent, by his, her or their Attorney or Attornies thereunto lawfully authorized by Writing under his, her or their Hands and Seals, to be atteiled by Two or more credible Witneffes; and that the Perfon or Perfons to whom any fuch Transfer (hall be made, (hall refpeftively underwrite his. her or their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of affi^ning or transferring the faid Capital or Joint Stock, and the Annuities attending the fame, or any Part thereof, or any Interell therein, (hall he good and available in Law; and that no Stamp Duties whatfoever (hall be charged on the faid Transfers, or any of them : Provided always, that all Perfons poflefled of any Share or Intereft in the faid Joint Stock of Annuities, or any Eftate or Intereft therein, may devife the fame by Will in Writing, attefted by Two or more credible Witncfles, but that no Payment (hall be made upon any fuch Devife, until fo much of the faid Will as relates to fuch Eftate, Share or Intereft, be entered in the faid Office ; and that in Default of fuch Transfer or Devife as aforefaid, fuch Share, Eftate or Intereft, (hall go to the Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeflors and Affigns.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted. That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or (hall willingly aft or aflift in the forging or counterfeiting any Certificate or Certificates, Debenture or Debentures, direfted to be made out by this Aft, or any Affignment thereof, or Indorfement thereon, or (hall alter any Number, Figure or Word, in any fuch Certificate or Debenture, or in any Affignment thereof, or Indorfement thereon, or utter or publifh as true any fuch falfe, forged, counterfeited or altered Certificate or Certificates, Debenture or Debentures, or Affignment or Affignments thereof, or Indorfement or Indorfements thereon, with Intent to defraud His Majefty, or the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo forging or counterfeiting, or caufing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly afting or aflifting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering or publi(hing, as aforefaid, being thereof conviftcd in due Form of Law, (hall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and (hall fuffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perlbna (hall forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or (hall willingly aft or aflift in the forging or counterfeiting any Receipt or Receipts, for the whole of or any Part or Parts of the faia Contributions* for the Purchafe of Debentures, either with or without the Name or Names of any Perfon or Perfons being inferted therein, as the Contributor or Contributors thereto, or Paver or Payers thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, or (hall

alter



A.D.i8i3-

53° GEO. III.

aoi

alter any Number, Figure or Word therein, or utter or publiffi as true any fuch falfe, forged, counterfeited, or altered Receipt or Receipts, with Intent to defraud the Governor and Company of the £^ank of England, or any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever, every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo forging ox counterfeiting, or caufing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly adting or affiffing in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering or publishing as aforefaid, being thereof convitked in due Form of Law, (ball be adjudged guilty o? Felony, and (hall fuffer Death as a Felon without Benerrt of Clergy.	Death.

XXVIII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enadked, That Bank to continue the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their a Corporation Succeffors, not with fkandirg the Redemption of all or any of their own Purpofeof Funds, in purfuance of the Adks for eftabliffiing the fame, or any of them, (hall continue a Corporation for the Purpofes of this Adk, until all the faid Annuities (hall be redeemed as aforefaid, and the laud Governor and Company, or any Member thereof, (hall not incur any Difability for or by reafon of his or their doing any Matter or Thing xh purfuance of this Adi.

XXIX.	And be it further enadked, That no Fee, Reward or Fee taking. Gratuity whatfoever (hall be demanded or taken for any Transfer of

any Sum, great or fmall, to be made in purfuance of this Adk, upon Pain that any Officer or Perfon offending, by taking or demanding any Fee or Gratuity contrary to this Adk, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds to the Party grieved, to be re- Penalty, covered with full Co(ks of Suit, by Adkion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjlcr, whereifi no Effoin, Protedkion, Privilege or Wager of Law, Injundkion or Order of Reftraint, or more than One Imparlance (hall be granted or allowed.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it further enadked, That the faid Treafury to re-Commiffioners of the Treafury, or any Three or more of them, or the ward Perfons High Treafurer for the time being, (hall have Power, and they are for Services, hereby authorized, out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies in the

Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, to reward all fuch Perfons as (hall be any ways employed in the Execution of this Adk for their Service, Pains and Labour, and alfo to defray fuch incident Charges as (hall neceffarily attend the fame.

XXXI.	And be it further enadked, That it (hall be lawful to and Bank to retain a for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to retain certain Sum for out of the faid Contributions at the Rate of Eight hundred Pounds their Services, for every Million thereof, as an Allowance for the Service, Pains and

Labour of the faid Caffiier or Caffiiers employed in receiving, paying and accounting for the fame, and alfo for the Service, Pains and Laboor of the (aid Accountant General, for performing the Trull repofed in him by this Adk ; which Allowance, in refpedk of the Service, Pains and Labour of the faid Caffiier or Caffiiers and Accountant Geoeral of the faid Governor and Company, (hall be for the Ufe of the (aid Governor and Company, and at their Difpofal only.

XXXII.	And be it further enadked, That if any Perfon or Per- General Iflue. (bos (hall at any time or times be fued, moleffed or profecuted, for

any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this Adk, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained, fuch Perlon or Perfons (hall and may plead the General Iffue, and give the Special Matter in

Evidence





C.4i>42> 43*	53’GEO.III.	A.D.1813.

Evidence for bit or their Defence ; and if a Verdict (half pafs for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall discontinue his or their Aftion, or be nonfuited, or Judgment (hall be given again ft him or them upon Demurrer or otherwise, then fuch Defendant or Treble Colb. Defendants (hall have Treble Cods to him or them awarded againft fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

Ad repealed,	XXXIII. And be it further enafted, That this Aft may be altered*

amended or repealed by any A ft or Afts to be made in this prefent Sfcffion of Parliament.

CAP. XLH.

An Aft to enable the Commiffioner* of His Majefty’s Treaftny to iflue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of fuch Aids or Sup* plies as have been or (hall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.	[ift	May	1813.]

r< TREASURY may iffue Exchequer Bills in manner prefcribed 44 by 48 G. 3. c. 1. — § 1. Claufes, &c. in recited Aft relating to 44 Exchequer Bills extended to this Aft. § 2. Provifo as to iffuing “ Exchequer Bills on Credit of 53 G. 3. c. 15. iu any other manner 44 than they are authorized by that Aft, See. § 3. Intered of af per 44 Cent, per Diem. $ 4. Exchequer Bills may at Expiratiou of Four 44 Months after Date, be taken in Payment of Revenue. § 5. Bank 44 of England authorized to advance 6,ooo,oool. on Credit of this u Aft not with Handing 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20. — § 6.

CAP. XLIII.

An Aft for increafing the Rates of Subfiftence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[id May 1813.]

WHEREAS by an Aft paffed in the prefent Seffion of Parliament, for punching Mutiny and Defertion 5 and for the • better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, certain Rates are 4 eftablifhed in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britmm 4 and Ireland called England, the Dominion of Wales, and the Tows • of Bertmck upon Tweedy for the Payment of Innholders and others 4 on whom Non Commiffioned Officers and Private Soldiers are 4 quartered and billetted, who (hall be furnifhed with Diet and Small 4 Beer at their Quarters ; and an Option is given to fuch Innholders 4 and others, to fumiffi certain Articles gratis, in lieu of Diet and 4 Small Beer, at the Rates preferibed: And whereas the Rules pre-1 feribed for fumiffiin^ Soldiers with Neceffaries are, in many In dances,

4 become, from the high Price of Provifions, inadequate, and are pro-4 duftive of Di(lref8 to fuch Innholders and othersMay it there- * fore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this piefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That every Non Commiffioned Officer and Private Soldier who (hall be far-ni(hed with Diet and Small Beer within the aforefaid Parts of the United Kingdom, by the Innholders or other Perfons on whom foch No»» ' TOmiffioned Officers or Private Soldiers (hall be quartered and

billetted

C* 17. amt.

I 63.

Kan Commif-fioaed Officers, Stc. to allow 8d till June 24, i8xj,aad after





203

A.t).i8l3*	$3*GEO.	III.	C.43.

biUetted by virtue of the faid Afl, (hall pay and allow for the fame that Day iod. the Sum of Eight pence ter Diem, until the Twenty fourth Day of per Diem for June One thoufand eighthundred and thirteen incluflve, and from and Beer In Quartern after that Day the Sum of Ten pence per Diem ; and that for fuch jn England ; Allowances of Eight pence and Ten pence, the Innholder or other Perfon (hall furnifli One Meal; videlicet, a hot Dinner if required in each Day, to each Non Commiffioned Officer, Trumpeter, Drummer and Private Soldier quartered and billetted on him, to confift of fuch Quantities of Diet and Small Beer at (hall be (pecified and fixed in and by any Regulations made or to be made from lime to time by His Majefty in that Behalf, but not to exceed One Pound and a

Suarter of Meat previous to being drefled, One Pound of Bread, ne Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables previous to being cooked, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt and Pepper ; and that the Accounts of the fame (hall be rendered, and Payment thereof made, in like manner as is directed in the fapd Aft now in force touching the former Rates of Seven pence per Diem for the Cavalry, and Five pence per Diem for the Infantry.

II. And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Innholders or other and for Article Perfons on whom any Non Commiffioned Officers or Private Men which hire been (hall be quartered within the aforefaid Parts of the United Kingdom, furoifhedgr^ (hall, by virtue of the faid Option in the faid Aft, furnifli fuch Non OnVHalfr Commiffioned Officers or Soldiers with the Articles therein mentioned p*r in lieu of furnifhihg Diet and Small Beer, at the Rates preferibed by allowed, this Aft, fuch Innholders or other Perfons on whom fuch Non Com* taiffioned Officers or Soldiers are quartered, and by whom the faid Articles (hall have been fo fupplied, (hall receive in Confideration thereof, Oue Halfpenny per Diem for each Non Commiffioned Officer and Soldier, infteaa of furnifhing the fame gratis, as required by the faid Aft; which Sum of One Halfpenny per Diem (hall be accounted for and paid in like manner as is directed touching the Rates aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enafted, That the Sum to be paid to the ForHorfe^quar-Innholder or other Perfon within the aforefaid Parts of the United tered is. ad. per Kingdom, on whom any of the Horfes belonging to His Majelly’s Forces (hall be quartered by virtue of the faid Aft, for Hay and Straw, traw*

(hall be One Shilling and Two pence per Diem for each Horfe, inftead of Six pence per Diem as direfted in the faid Aft. [See c. 17. § 64.]

* IV. And whereas the Provi(ions contained in the faid recited Aft* C. 17. § 63.

€ with refpeft to the manner of dieting within the aforefaid Parts of ante relating to 9 the United Kingdom, Non Commiffioned Officers and Soldiers on a ftjfniihing with * March or employed in Recruiting, and likewife the Recruits by them ^j^one^ Qf_m’ * railed, have been produfiive of much Inconvenience as well to the ficer*,fcc.on 9 Troops as the Innholders Be it further enafted. That fo much March, &c. re-Af the faid recited Aft as relates to the manner of furnifhing Non pealed. Commiffioned Officers and Soldiers on a March, or employed in Recruiting, and likewife the Recruits by them raifed, with Diet or other Provifion, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

V. And be it further enafted, That all Non Commiffioned Officers Regulation with and Soldiers (hall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer refpefl to dieting from the Innholders or other Perfons on whom they may be billetted, within the aforefaid Parts of the United Kingdom, at the Rates here- ^ soldiers ou inbefore preferibed while on the March, as alio on and for the Day of March, their Arrival at the Place of their final Deftinatioo, and on the Two fubfequent Days, unlefs either of the Two fubfequent Days, (hall be

a Market







Faying Money to Non Cora-miflioned Officer*, See. on March in lieu of furnidling Diet, Sc c.

Penalty.

When halted oil a March, Diet and Small Beer at after arriving at Deftination.

If fuch Halting be only for a Day after Arrival and that a Market Day, Diet and Small Beer not dif-eontinued.

Regulation* re-fpetting Recruit* mg Parties and Recruits on March.

C.43.	53eGEO. III.	A.D.1813-

a Market Day ift ar\d for the Town or Place where fuch Officers or Soldiers (hall be billetted, or within the Diftance of Two Miles thereof$ in which cafe it (hall be lawful for the Innholder, or other Perfon as aforefaid, to difeoutinue on and from fuch Market Day the Supply of Diet and Small Beer, and to furniffi in lieu thereof the Articles in the faid recited A€t fpecified, and at the Rate hereinbefore pre-feribed.

VI.	Provided always, That if any Vi&ualler or other Perfon liable by the faid recited Adi to have Soldiers billetted or quartered on him or her, (hall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier on the March, in lieu of furuilhing in Kind, the Diet and Small Beer to which fuch Non Commiffioned Officer or Soldier is entitled under the faid Adi, every fuch Vidualler or other Perfon may be proceeded againft and fined in like manner as if he or fhe had rerufed to furniffi or allow, according to the Diredtions of the faid recited Adt, the feveral Things refpedlively diredled to be furnifhed to Non Commiffioned Officers or Soldiers fo quartered or billetted on him or her as aforefaid.

VII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadled, That if any Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment, when on the March, (hall be halted, either for a limited or indefinitive time, at any intermediate Place, the Non Commiffioned Officers and Soldiers belonging thereto fliall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from the Per-fons on whom they (hall be billetted at fuch intermediate Place, for fuch time only for which they would be entitled to receive the fame after arriving at the Place of their final Deftination according to this Adi.

VIII.	Provided neverthelefs, That whenever it (hall happen that any Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment when on their March (hall be halted, and it (hall appear by the Marching Orders, that it is not intended that fuch Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment, (hall halt for any longer time than One entire Day after the Day of their Arrival at the Place of halting, and the Day after fuch Arrival (hall be fuch Market Day as aforefaid, it (hall not be lawful for the Innholders or other Perfons on whom the Non Commiffioned Officers and Soldiers (hall be billetted, to difeontinue on fuch Market Day the Supply of Diet and Small Beer to any fuch Officers or Soldiers; but that all fuch Officers and Soldiers (nail be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from fuch Innholders and other Perfons aforefaid, upon fuch Market Day as aforefaid at the Rates hereinbefore preferibed, in like manner as they would have been entitled thereto, if fuch Day had not been a Market Day ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary hereof notwithftanding.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That all Non Commiffioned Officers and Private Men employed in Recruiting, and the Recruits by them raifed, (hall, while on the March, and for Two Days after the Day of their Arrival at any Recruiting Station, be entitled to the fame Benefits as are hereinbefore provided in regard to Troops upon the March ; but no Recruit enlifted after the Two Days fubfequent to the Arrival of the Party at their Recruiting Station, (hall be entitled to be fupplied with Diet and Small Beer at the Rates hereinbefore preferibed, except at the Option of the Perfon on whom he (hall be quartered : Provided alfo, neverthelefs, that in cafe any fuch Recruiting Party, with the Recruits by them raifed, (hall remove from their Station, and after a time (hall return to the lame Place, they

'	—	A



ao5

A.D.1813.	530	GEO.	III.	C.43,44.

and the Recruits by them raifed, fo returning, (hall not be again entitled to the Supply of Diet and Small Beer tor fuch Two Days as afore (aid, unlefs the Period between the time of their Removal from fuch Place, and their Return thereto, (hall have exceeded twenty eight Days.

X.	And be it further enaded, That this A d (hall have Continuance Continuance of from the Twenty fourth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred Ad.

and thirteen until the Twenty fifth Day of March Oue thoufand eight hundred and fourteen 5 and that all Payments which have been made, and all Ads, Matters and Things done in purfuance of or in conformity with the Provifions thereof, (hall be as good, valid and effedual to all Intents and Purpofes as if this Ad had patTed before the faid Twenty fourth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That this Ad Ad alters< i.c. may be altered and varied by any Ad to be made in this Seflion of Parliament.

Allowance increafcd for Diet furnifhed to Soldiers on a March, c. 83*

P°f-1

CAP. XLIV.

An Ad for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Wines confumed by Officers of the Royal Marines ferving on board His Majefty’s Ships.	[21ft	May 1813.]

*	TT7 HE REAS it is expedient that a Drawback of the Whole of

*	VV the Duties of Cuftoms and Excife (hould be allowed on Wine 1 (hipped for the Ufe and Confumption of Commifiioned Officers of

*	the Royal Marines ferving on board His Majefty’s Ships, in the fame

*	manner as Drawbacks are allowed on .Wine (hipped for the Ufe and

*	Confumption of the Officers belonging to His Majefty’s Navy ;’ Be

it therefore enaded by the King’s Molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the whole Duties of Cuftoms and Excife, Dnwbackof paid on the Importation of Wines into Great Britain, (hall be allowed Duties on Wine on any Sort of Wine (hipped for the Ufe of Commifiioned Officers	for	Vf*

of the Royal Marines, or of Perfons ading as fuch, for their Ufe and Marines* Comfumption on board fuch of His Majefty’s Ships as they (hall ferve

in, fubjed neverthelefs to the Conditions, Limitations, Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, Penalties and Forfeitures, of an Ad pafied in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled 33 ^*3*c 4*-jin AS to allow the Drawback of the Duties of Cuftoms and Excife upon IVincs confumed by Admirals, Captains and other Commi/ftoned Officers on hoard Ships of IVar in aSual Service, and to allow fuch bhips to be fupplied with Tobacco, Duty free, with refped to the Drawbacks allowed by the faid Ad on Wine (hipped for the Ufe of Commifiioned Officers employed in His Majefty’s Naval Service; pro- umitation of vided that no greater Quantity of Wine (hall be (hipped in any One Quantity of Year for the Ufe of any Marine Officer or Perfon ferving as fuch Wine, under the Authority of this Ad, than is allowed to a Lieutenant employed in His Majefty’s Naval Service under the faid recited Ad 5 but any lefs Quantity of Wine than Half a Tun may be (hipped for the Ufe 0? fuch Officer of the Royal Marines, or Perfon ading

as



lofi	c. 44,45,46.	530 GEO, III. 4.®* 1813^

fuch, and the Drawback of the Duties of Cuftoms and Excif* may be allowed thereon, provided the fame is duly and regularly Hupped according to the Direftions of the faid Ad of the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His prefeat Majefty.

CAP. XLV.

An Aft for repealing Two Afts which prohibit the Exporta* tion of Brafs and other Metal from England.

[3,1ft May 1813-]

*	TT7HEREAS it appears no longer necefiary or proper to coo-4 YV tinue the Prohibition on the Exportation of Brafs,’Copper

l* H.8. c7.	* and °*her Metals contained in an Ad parted in the Thirty third

0	#	* Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An AQ for

4 Conveyance of Brafs, Latten and Bell Metal over the Sea ; and in an %k 3E.6.C.37 .4 Ad pafTed in the Second and Third Year of the Reign of King 4 Edward the Sixth, intituled An A3 agalnjl the carrying of Bell ‘ Metal out of the Realm ; and therefore that the faid Ads fhojuld 4 be repealed Be it therefore enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, sspstUd.	and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the pa fling of

this Ad, the faid Two Ads, and every thing therein contained, (hall be and the fame are hereby repealed.

[&* 5 8c 6 IV. & M. c. 17. §2. as to Exportation of Mundsck Metal.']

CAP. XL VI.

/An Aft for the further Regulation of the Butter Trade of Ireland.	[21ft May 1813.]

5*G. j. 1.134* 4 *TTTHEREAS by an Ad made in the laft Seffion of Parliament, * X4‘	• W intituled An AS for the better Regulation of the Butter Trade

4 in Ireland, it was, amongft other things, enaded, that no Perfon 4 (hall fell or expole to Sale any Cafk or Caiks within any Cities or

*	Liberties thereof. Town Corporate, Place of Export or Market 4 Town, for packing of Butter for Sale or Export, or (hall make up 4 or pack any Butter in any Cafk or Caiks to be expofed to Sale, 4 or for Export in fuch City, Town Corporate or Market Town, 4 or Place of Export, unlefs fuch Caik or Cafks be made of good 4 feafoned white Oik or Afh, Sycamore or Beech (whereof no Part 4 to be of Bog Timber!, and (hall be full bound and made tight, fo f th?jt each Calk (hall hold Pickle, with Head and Bottom eqiudly 4 dopled* and fet to the Crofs with good and fufficieni Hoops on each ,4 Calk s And whereas the faid Provi(ion hath not been found fully

*	(ufficient for the Purpofes thereby intended ;’ Be it therefore enaded ky the Ring’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Cojifent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

Ijp'ateL prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That (0 much of the faid Act as is hereinbefore recited (hall be and the fame New Regulation* hereby repealed ; and that, from and after the parting of this Aft, for making C^lks	no Pcrfoji (hall fell or expofe to Sale any Caik or Caiks within any

or^packmgof	City Qr Ljbertjeg thereof.	Town, Corporate, Place of Export or

e ’	Market Town# in Ireland*	for packing of Butter for Sale or Export

or (ball make up or pack	any Butter in any Caik or Cafks to be

expofed

 C^ooQle

expofed to Sale, or for Export, in fuch City, Town Corporate or Market Town or Place of Export, unlefs fnch Cafk or Ca/ks be made of good feafoned Oak or Afh, Sycamore or Beech (whereof no Part to be of Bog Timber), and (hall be full bound and made tight, fo that each Calk (hall hold Pickle, with Head and Bottom equally dooled and fet to the Crofs, with good and fufficient Hoops on each Calk, all well twigged with good frefli Ofier Twigs; and that every Perfon who (hall (ell or expofe to Sale any Cade or Cafks for packing x>f Butter for Sale or Export, within any City or Liberties thereof.

Town Corporate, Place of Export or Market Town in Ireland, made otherwife than as herein directed, or who fhall make up or pack any Butter to be expofed to Sale, or for Export, within any fuch City or Liberties thereof, Town Corporate, Place of Export or Market Town^ in any Ca(k or Caflo made otherwife than as herein directed, being thereof duly convicted in manner required by the faid recited Ad,

(hall forfeit and incur fuch Penalties as by the faid recited Act are in Aided and impofed upon Perfons fo felling or expofing to Sale any Cafk or Ca(ks for packing Butter made otherwife than as in the faid recited Ad is direded, or fo making up or packing any Butter to be expofed to Sale or for Export, in any Ca(k or Calks made other-wife than as in the faid recited Ad is direded, and as if the faid .Calks had in and by the faid recited Ad been direded to be made is fuch manner as is direded by this prefent Ad.

* II. And whereas it is in and by the faid recited Ad of the laft 5*	$•	c.

9 Scffion of Parliament, enaded, that whenever any Butter, made ip §3*-

*	Ireland, (hall at any time, after the Commencement of the faid re<-•cited Ad, be imported into any Port of Great Britain, it (hall and •may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Cuftoms of fuch Port of Importation, to learcli and examine the Cafks in which fuch

4 Butter (hall be packed; and in cafe any Butter fo imported (hall be 4 packed in any Calk or Cafks not authorized by the faid Ad, or in

*	auy manner contrary to the Diredions of the faid Ad, fuch Butter

*	and Calks in which the fame (hall be imported fliall be forfeited, and 4 may be feized by fuch Officer of the Cuftoms, and he is by the faid

*	Ad authorized and empowered to feize the fame accordingly ; and

*	One Half of the Value of the Butter fo forfeited and feized (hall 4 go to His Maiefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Half

*	to the OJScer to feiziog the fame ; and fuch Forfeiture (hall and may 4 be recovered by all fuch ways and means in like manner as any For-4 feiture may be recovered under any Ad or Ads relating to the Cuf-

*	toms in force in Great Britain : And whereas the Execution of the

*	(iud recited Provifion may in certain cafes become very inconvenient 4 and prejudicialBe it therefore enaded, That, from and after the paffing ol this Ad, fo much of the faid Ad as is immediately hereinbefore recited (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and (hall be of repealed, so Force or Effed whatfoever; any thing in the faid recited Ad notwithftanding.

III.	And be it further enaded, That nothing in this or any former Butter conveyed Ad contained (hall extend to oblige the Proprietor of any Butter con- to Waterford for veyed by Inland Navigation to the Port of Waterford, for Shipment Shipment, in there, to fubjed fuch Butter to Infpedion and Branding at the fLJ{e^le °a Weigh-houfe of the City of Waterford; provided always, that fuch Butter (hall have already undergone Examination, and been duly proved and branded according to Law, at fome other of the Weigh-houfes

legally





ProvifioDs of re-

citedAd refped-ng Shipment of Calks not to commence till 5th July.

Ad repealed,

Icc.

legally eftablifhed in the Market Town where the faid Butter was firfl expofed to Sale, and that the Brand fo affixed and defignating the Quality and Quantity thereof and Place of Branding ftiil remains, without being effaced or obliterated, at the time of Shipment of fuch Butter from the Port of Waterford.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That fuch of the Provifions of the herenibefore recited Ad of the laft Seflion of Parliament, as reaped the Shipment of Butter except in Caflcs of the Size and De-(cription therein fpecified from any of the Ports of Ireland, (hall not commence their Operation or take Effed until the Fifth Day of July next enfuing after the palling of this Ad.

V.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad may be altered, amended or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be paffed in this prefent Seflion of Parliament.

CAP. XL VI I.

An Aft to empower the Officers of His Majefly’s Cuftoms to take Bonds from Perfons under Twenty one Years of Age, ferving as Mates on board of Merchant Veflels.

[21ft May 1813.]

'	• YY7HEREAS it is expedient to allow the Officers of His Ma-

1 VV jetty’s Cuftoms to take Bonds from Perfons appointed to 1 ferve as Mates on board of Britijb Veflels, although fuch Perfons

•	may not have attained the Age of Twenty one Years, in order to

*	enable Owners of Veflels to employ any Perfons fully competent to

•	the Duty of Mates although under Twenty one Years of Age,

*	who cannot now be fo employed on board Britifb Veflels May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by the King’s Mott Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of

Bonds taken	the fame, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, it (hall be

from Perfons	lawful for the Colledor or other principal Officer of the Cuftoms in

<»1bw?ofIlte# any P°rt	Great Britain, and they are nereby required to take fuch

Merchant . and the like 'Bonds as have heretofore been given and executed by Veflels if they	Mates of Britifb Merchant Veflels, from any Perfon appointed to ferve

have attained	as Mate on board of any Britifb Merchant Veflel who (hall have at-

ihe Age of *8. tained the Age of Eighteen Years, and all fuch Bonds (hall be as good, valid and effedual, to all Intents and Purpofesin Law and Equity, as if the Perfons executing the fame had attained the full Age of Twenty one Years 5 any thing in any Ad or Ads of Parliament, or Law or Laws, or Ulage or Cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Aft to amend the Laws for raifing and training the Militia of Ireland.	[21ft May .1813.]

49 0.3 c. xao.

125-

•	YT7 HEREAS by an Ad patted in the Forty ninth Year of ‘ VV His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for amending

• and reducing into One A8 of Parliament, the Laws for raifing and 4 training the Militia of Ireland; it was, amongft other things, enaded,

1 that no Perfon who after the Commencement of the faid Ad (hould 4 be appointed Paymafter in the (aid Militia, (hould be capable of 4 holding any Commiffion in the laid Militia, fave the Commiffion of

« Pay-



A.D'i8i3*

530 GEO. m.

C.48.

209

4 Paymafter ; and that no Officer holding any Commiffion in the 4 faid Militia fhculd be capable of being appointed Paymafter: And 4 whereas the faid Provilions have been found inconvenient Be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, after the paffing of this Ad, it (hall and may be lawful for any Paymafter in the faid Militia to hold the Commiffion of a Subaltern Officer in the faid Militia together with the Commiffion of Paymafter, and that any Officer holding the Commiffion of a Subaltern Officer in the faid Militia (hall be capable of being appointed Paymafter therein ; any thing in the faid recited Ad or any other Ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

4 II. And whereas by the faid recited Adit is alfo, amongft other things, provided, that if it (hall happen in any cafe that the Number of Militia Men duly appointed, or to be appointed to be raifed for any Regiment or Battalion of the Militia of Ireland, (hall not be raifed within Three Calendar Months from and after the time when the fame ought to be raifed by Ballot, or within Four Months from the Date of the Order for railing the fame by enrolling Volunteers, then and in every fuch cafe the County or County of a City or Town, in which fuch Number of Militia Men ought to be raifed, (hall be charged with the Payment of the yearly Sum of Ten Pounds, for and in lieu of every Private Militia Man fo deficient; and upon Proof on Oath firft laid by any Governor or Deputy Governor of fuch Deficiency before the Judge of Affize, or in the County or City of Dublin, before the Court of King’s Bench, it (hall be lawful for fuch Judge of Affize and fuch Court, and they are thereby re-fpedively required, to fine the County or County of a City or Town, or fuch Diftrid, Baronies or Barony, or Parilh or Parfthes thereof, in which fuch Negled (hall happen, in a Sum after the Rate of Ten Pounds for every Private Man fo deficient, and to repeat the fame Fine annually fo long as the faid Deficiency (hall continue; which Fine or Fine^Jhall be eftreated into His Maiefty’s Exchequer, and iffued in the Procefs, and (hall be duly levied by the Sheriff or other Officers refpedively, to whom fuch Procefs (hall be diredea refpedively 5 and it (hall not be lawful for the Barons of the Exchequer, or Commiffioners of Reducement, on any account, to take off, releafe or reduce fuch Fine or Fines, or any Parts thereof s And whereas the faid Mode of railing the Amount of the faid Fines is inconvenient;’ Be it therefore enaded, That fo much of the faid recited Ad as relates to the eftreating of fuch Fines, and iffuing of fuch Procefs, and levying the fame, (nail, as to all fuch Fines to be impofed after the paffing of this Ad, (land and be repealed ; and that, from and after the paffing of this Ad, all Fines fo to be impofed (hall be levied by and under the Warrant of the Treafurer of the County, in the fame manner in all refpeds as County Preferments are or (hall from time to time be levied in Ireland, and every Rich Treafurer is hereby authorized and required to iffue fuch Warrant for the feme accoraingly 2 Provided always neverthelefs, that fuch Fines when fo levied (hail be paid and difpofed of in all refpeds in manner by the faid recited Ad direded.

III. And whereas Doubts may be entertained as to the Amount of the Bounty payable in certain cafes on railing Volunteers for the 53 Gso. III.	P	Militia

Paymailen may hold Subalterns Commiflkras.

49 G. 3 c. I as. §141.

repealed. Such Fines levied under Warrant of Treafurer of County as County Prt-fentmsnu





C. 48.

JfiWJ'1







, 1

I !Sw

2 Ip

Amount of Bounty to Militia Men; and hy whom to be p.:iJ.

49 G. 3. f.UO. < raj.

53'GEO. III.

A.D.1813;

In what cafe Fine* not to extend to Deficiencies in Volunteering for originally augmenting Regiments, or for fupplying Vacancies in augmented Numbers.

Colonels may , apply Bourn v tor U o of Mil.la Men, under Older* of Lord Lieutenant.

Militia in Ireland\ and by whom and in what Proportions fuch Bounty ought by Law to be paid ; Be it therefore declared and enaded, That in all cafes where any Man or Men (hall be raifed in Ireland for the Mibtia, by volunteering, whether at the forming of any Regiment or augmenting the fame, or for fupplying any Vacancies in any Regiment, whether augmented or not, the Bounty for every fuch Volunteer (hall be fuch Sum not exceeding the average Price of a Subfiitute, to be afeertained refpectively in manner in the faid Ad of the Forty ninth Year of His Majelly’s Reign directed, as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland (hall from time to time dired, and fuch Sums (hall be advanced and paid refpedively in manner here following; that is to fay, the Bounty on the original Augmentation of any Regiment (hall be paid altogether out of His Majefty’i Treafury in Ireland; the Bounty on volunteering to fupply Vacancies in augmented Regiments (hall be advanced out of the faid Treafuiy, and Seven Tenths thereof be repaid by the refpedive Comities, and the Refidue (hail be charged to the Confolidated Fund ; in all other cafes, the whole Bounty (hall be advanced out of the faid Treafury, and repaid by the refpedive Counties; all which Sums are to be over and above and diftind from the Marching Guinea, and the further Sums to be advanced for the procuring and enrolling fuch Volunteers as in the faid Ad of the Forty ninth Year of His Majefty’s Reign is direded ; Provided always, that when the Militia Men in any augmented Regiment (hall have been apportioned in manner di reded by the faid laft recited Ad, and the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being (hall dired, that the original Efiablifhment of fuch Regiment (hall be filled up by Ballot, then the County for tilling up the augmented Number (hall be paid altogether out of His Majelly’s Treafury in Ireland.

IV. Provided aifo, and be it further enaded, That the Fines of Ten Pounds annually to be impofed on the refpedive Counties for Men remaining deficient as aforefaid, (hall not extend, nor be con-ftrued to extend to, nor be impofed for any Deficiency in volunteering for th? original Augmentation of any Regiment, nor for the fupplying of any Vacancies in the augmented Numbers of any Regiment where the original Quota of fuch Regiment (hall have been or (hall be apportioned among the feveral Parilhes and Difirids iu manner direded by the faid recited Ad of the Forty ninth Year aforefaid ; and the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland (hall dired that the Vacancies in fuch original E(labli(hment (hail be fupplied by Ballot, but (hall extend and be con-ftrued to extend to Deficiencies in railing Men by volunteering for 0$ upon any other of the Purpofes or Occafions aforefaid.

- ? V. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the refpedive Colonel* or Commanding Officers of Militia to pay or apply the Bounty of each Volunteer, or to caufe the fame to be paid or applied to the Ufe of every fuch Volunteer, at fuch times and Places, and in fuch Proportions, as to any Advance of any Part thereof, and in fuch manner, and under and fubjed to fuch Regulations * and Reftri&ions, as the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, (hall, by any Order of his or their Chief Secretary, by any Regulations from time to time made in that behalf, be pleafed to order or dired.

‘ VI. Aud

~v





AJ).i8i3"	$3* GEO. HI.	C. 48,49.	ill

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That it {hall and may be lawful Lord Lieutenant to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors empowered to of Ireland, whenever he or they (hall think proper fo to do, to order	[mems"1*

that any augmented Regiment or Regiments of the faid Militia, e cSiroen s* raifed or to be railed in Ireland, (hall be reduced to its original Eftablifoment ; and thereupon fuch Regiment (hall, to all Intents and Purposes, be and remain as if the fame had never been augmented, unlefs and until the fame (hall be again augmented according to Law ; and from the Date of fuch Order, all and every Officer, Non Com-miffioned Officer and Private in any fuch Regiment, over and above the original EllablHhment thereof, foall be Supernumeraries, and (hall fucceed, according to their Order and refpe&ive Ranks, to the firft Vacancies that foall occur in fuch Regiments refpeftively.

CAP. XLIX.

An A£t to explain and amend an A&, pafied in the Seventh and Eight Years of the Reign of the late King William, as far as relates to the fplitting and dividing the Intereft in Houfes and Lands among feveral Perfons to enable them to vote at Ele&ions of Members to ferve in Parliament.

[2lft May 1813.]

*	\T7HEREAS by an A& of Parliament made in the Seventh 7*8 W>.c.25.

*	W Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King William	J

*	the Third, intituled Ah AH for the further regulating Eledions of Members to ferve in Parliament, and for preventing irregular Pro-

1 ceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers in the elefting and returning fuch 4 Members, it is, amongft other things, enacted, That all Convey- $ 7*

4 ance* of any Mefiuages, Lauds, Tenements or Hereditaments, in

4 any County, City, Borough, Town Corporate, Port or Place, in

4 order to multiply Voices, or to fplit and divide the Intereft in any

4 Houfes or Lands amongft feveral Perfuns to enable them to vote

4 at Eledions of Members to ferve in Parliament, foall be void and

4 of none Effed : And whereas Doubts have been entertained

4 whether Devifes by Will made in fuch cafes, and for fuch Pur-

4 poles, are within the true Intent and Meaning of the faid Ad

Be it ena&ed and declared by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty,

by and .with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this prefer.t Parliament afTembled, and

by the Authority of the fame, That all Devifes by Will made in Devifes by Will

Inch cafes and for fuch Purposes as by the faid Ad are hereinbefore for fplitting

described, are and foall be taken to be Conveyances within the true Vole**

Intent and Meaning of the faid Ad, as if the fame had been therein fpecially mentioned : Provided always, that this Ad fodll not revoke or defeat or be conftrued to revoke or defeat any Part of any Will iu which is comprifed any Devife or Devifes which is or are hereby declared void, other than or beyond the Devife or Devifes made void By this Ad.	x

1 II. And whereas divers Freehold Eftates may have been here- Certain Devifes 4 tofore acquired under fuch Devifes as are hereby declared to be not affected.

' toid, the Poffeffion of which Freehold Eftates it may neverthelefs * be expedient to quiet and proted Be it therefore further enaded,

P 2	That

 LjOOQle

212

5»G. j. t. 7,

Articles allowed to be imported into and exported from Saint George In lerrauda, may he imported into and exported from Port Hamilton.

28 G. 3. e.6.

No Stamp Duty piyable on Receipts for Peo-fions to Widows ef Officers.

C.49, 50, 51.	53°	GEO.ID.	A.D.i8i3.

That nothing herein declared (hall extend to or affed any Devife made by any Teftator or Teftatrix whofe Death took place Twenty Year* before the palling of this Ad.

CAP. L.

An AGt for further allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Articles at the Ifland of Bermuda.

[21ft May 1813 ]

*	YT7HEREAS it appears expedient, that the Trade which is c VV permitted to be carried on at the Port of Saint George in

*	the Ifland of Bermuda by an Ad palled in the lad Seflion of Par-

*	liament, intituled An Ad to allow Britilh Plantation Sugar and 4 Coffee imported into Bermuda in Britilh Ships to he exported to the 4 Territories of the United States of America in Foreign Ships or 4 Veffels, and to permit Articles the Produdion of the faid United States f to be imported into the faid Ifland in Foreign Ships or Veffels, Ihould 1 be permitted at the Port of Hamilton in the faid Ifland Be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aHembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all fuch Article* as may be imported into the Port of Saint George in the Ifland of Bermuda, and all fuch Articles as may be exported from the faid Port by virtue of the faid A61, (hall and may be refpe£lively imported into and exported from the Port of Hamilton in the faid Ifland, in like manner, and in none other, as is permitted by the faid A£l; any thing in the Ad pafled in the Twenty eighth Year of Hi* prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for regulating the Trade between the Suljeds of His Majejly9s Colonies and Plantations in North America and in the Weft India IJlandsy and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between His Majejly9s faid Suhjeds, and the Foreign IJlands in the Weft Indies, or m any other Ad to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

CAP. LI.

An Ad to relieve the Widows of Military Officers from the Payment of Stamp Duties on the Receipt of their Penfions in Ireland.	[21ft	May	1813.]

* \ T7HEREAS the Penlions of the Widow* of Officer* of Hi* 4 V V Majefty’s Land Forces, payable in Ireland, are barely fuffi-4 cient for their decent Maintenance;’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by tne Authority of the lame. That, from and after the pafling of this Ad, no Stamp Duty Audi be payable on any Receipts for any Sum of Money paid for or on account of any fuch Penfion, notwithftanding any Ad or Ads of Parliament heretofore made, or any Ad or Ads which fhall be hereafter made, unlefs the contrary Ihall be exprefsly provided therein.

CAP.



A.D.i8i3*

53° GEO. III.

C. 52.

*13

CAP. LII.

An AQ. to encourage the Diftillation of Spirits from Sugar in Ireland, and to permit the Warehoufmg of fuch Spirits without Payment of the Duty of Excife chargeable thereon.

[21ft May 1813.]

4 TTTHEREAS it is expedient to encourage the Diilillation of 4 W Spirits from Sugar in Ireland, and to permit the fame to 4 be warehoufed without Payment of the Duty of Excife chargeable 4 on fuch Spirits;' Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Molt Excellent Majelty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prcfent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from Mode of charg-and after the Monday Week next after the puffing of this Adt, in »nt5 Wa,h> &c. lieu and inltead of the Charges under any Act or Acts in force in Proc^uce<* fronJ Ireland, at the time of the palling of this Act, on any Decreafe of “'us*r Walh produced from Sugar, or on any Decreafe of Low Wines or Singlings produced from fuch Walh, the Officer of Excife keeping an Account of Walh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings in the Diftillery of any Diltiller in Ireland, lhall, on any Decreafe of Walh produced from Sugar, charge the Diltiller for a Quantity of Spirits calculated after the Rate of Eighteen Gallons and a Half of Spirits for every One hundred Gallons of Walh fo decreafed, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity of Walh ; and upon any Decreafe of Low Wines or Singlings produced from any fuch Walh, fuch Officer lhall charge the Diltiller for a Quantity of Spirits after the Rate of Two Gallons of Spirits for every Four Gallons of Low Wines or Singlings fo decreafed, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity of Low Wines or Singlings, and fuch Officer lhall make a Return of the Quantity of Spirits and of the Duties thereon accordingly, and fuch Diltiller lhall pay the Duty fo charged and returned.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Diltiller in Ireland lhall Spirits exceeding make, diltil, extradt or produce any Quantity of Spirits, exceeding Proportion here-the Proportion of Eighteen Gallons and a Half for every One ,j"^aennExcIret,> hundred Gallons of Wort or Walh brewed or made from Sugar as Duty of 3s. 8d. aforefaid, or exceeding the Proportion of Two Gallons of Spirits per Gallon for for every Four Gallons of Low Wines or Singlings decreafed, every Exief<* fuch Diltiller lhall be charged with and lhall pay the Excife Duty for all fuch Spirits exceeding the Proportion aforefaid ; that is to fay, at and after the Rate of Three Shillings and Eight pence for every Gallon of fuch Excefs; and fuch Excefs lhall be charged, and the Duty thereon paid, in like manner and under the like Rules and Regulations as the Duties of Excife on all Spirits made by any Dittiller, or for which any Diltiller is by Law chargeable, are charged and paid; Provided always, that no fuch Excefs lhall be Pro\ifo. charged with any higher or greater Rate of Duty of Excife in the whole, than after the Rate of Three Shillings and Eight pence for

every UaJlon ot lucti bpmts.

III. And be it further enacted, That before any Diltiller in Ire- Notice given to land lhall receive or take into his Cultody or Polfeflion any Sugar Officer Wore for Diilillation into Spirits, fuch Diltiller lhall give to the Surveyor Sugar received or Guager in Charge of the Diltillery of fuch Diltiller, Twenty or delivered out. four Hours Notice in Writing, fpecifying the true Quantity of Sugar

P 3	intended



Gock,

,J2.

53’ GEO. HI.

A.D.1813.

Penalty.

Notice siren by Diftillci ofln-tention to break down S igar for Diftillation.

Penalty.

Mode (i charging Dili iller, and Allowance to be made Surveyor and Gauger in Charge of Diftillery.

intended to be fo received or takefi in, the Name and Place of Abode of the Perfon or Perfon* from whom fuch Sugar is to be received, and the Day on which it is intended to be fo received or taken in ; and if any Diftiller (hall have Occafion to fell or fend out any Sugar, every fuch Diftiller (hall in like manner give to the Surveyor or Gauger of his Diftillery Twenty four Hours Notice in Writing, of his Intention to fend out fuch Sugar, and (hall fpecify in every fuch Notice the true Quantity of Sugar intended to be fent out, and the time when fuch Sugar is intended to be fent out or delivered, and the Name of the Perfon to whom and the Place to which fuch Sugar is intended to be fent; and if any Diftiller (hall negle& or refufe to give fuch Notice as aforefaid, or (hall take or receive into or fend or deliver out of his Cuftody or Poffeffion any Sugar, without having given fuch previous Notice in Writing as aforefaid, every fuch Diftiller (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That whenever any Diftiller (hall intend to break down any Sugar for the Purpofe of Diftillation, fuch Diftiller (hall, Four Hours at leaft before fo breaking down fuch Sugar, give Notice to the Officer in Charge of the Diftillery of fuch Diitiller (by an Entry to be made in a Book to be provided by fuch Officer for fuch Diftiller, and to be carefully kept in fuch Diftillery) of the Day and Hour when fuch Diftiller fo intends to break down fuch Sugar, and the Quantity of Sugar intended to be then broken down, and alfo the time when the breaking down of fuch Sugar will be completed; and if any fuch Diftiller (hall intend to make any fecond Ufe of the fame Materials with any Addition thereto of any further Quantity of Sugar, fuch Diftiller (hall give a like Notice, and fuch Book (hall be carefully kept by fuch Diftiller, and (hall, within Forty eight Hours after the Expiration of every Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, be delivered with the Entries thereon by fuch Diftiller to fuch Officer; and in cafe any Sugar (hall be broken down by any Diftiller for the Purpofe of Diftillation, without fuch Notice being given by Entry to be made in fuch Book, all fuch Wafh made from fuch Sugar (hall be forfeited and may lie feized, and fuch Diftiller (hall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

V.	And be it further ena£ted, That whenever any Diftiller in Ireland over and above the refpe&ive Quantities of Spirits for which fuch Diftiller is chargeable by Law, in refpedl of each and every Still according to the Content thereof, and according to the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for each fuch Still, for any Period Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, (hall alfo be charged with and (hall pay the full Duty for as much more Spirits as might be produced according to the Rates eftablidted by Law from all Pot Ale, Wa(h, Low Wines or Singlings, which fuch Diftiller (hall have a&ually diftilied within fuen Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, then and in fuch cafe it (hall ami may be lawful for the Surveyor and Gauger in Charge of the Diftillery of fuch Diftiller, kor otheri Officer of Excife making fuch Charge on fuch Diftiller, to be paid and allowed and to receive as a Recompence far the Performance of their Duty, any fuch Sum being a Proportion of fuch Duty, for fuch further Quantity of Spirits charged on and paid by fuch Diftiller as the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes (hall by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Lord

High



High Treafurer, or the Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, think proper to order and dired; and fuch Sum (hall be paid to fuch Officers, or any of them, at fuch time and in fuch manner and in fuch Proportions as the faid Cora-miffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, by and with fuch Content as aforefaid, (hall from time to time order, dired and appoint.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That in all cafes in which any Diftiller (hall, at any time after the faid Twenty ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, have been charged with Duty for any Quantity of Spirits calculated after the Rate of Twenty one Gallons of Spirits for every One hundred Gallons of Sugar Wafh decreafed, it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland (by and with the Content and Approbation, and according to the Directions of the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, or of the Commiffioners for executing the faid Office of Lord High Treafurer), to make fuch. Allowance to (uch Diftiller as to the faid Commiffioners (hall feem reafonable in refped of any fuch Charge, in fuch manner and ui der fuch Regulations as the faid Commiffioners (hall think fit: Provided always, that no fuch Allowance (hall be granted fo as to make any Diftiller chargeable with lefs than Eighteen Gallons and a Half of Spirits for every One hundred Gallons of Wafh fo decreafed, nor to affed or prevent the Payment of the full Duty payable on all Spirits adually diftilled by fudh Diftiller.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That, frorti and after the paffing of this Ad it (hall and may be lawful for every Diftiller or Maker of Spirits from Sugar in Ireland, who is or (hall be licenced to keep a StiH of any* Content whatever, to warehonfe fuch Spirits without Payment of the Duty of Excife chargeable thereon, in any of His Majefty’s Warehoufes or Stores in any Port in Ireland in which, or inf tbeDlftrid therein fuch Port (hall be (ituated, fuch Still (hall be licenced by the Commiffioners of Inland Excite and Taxes in hekssid, or in any of His MajeftyV Warehoufes or Stores at fuch dther Places in Ireland a* the Commiffioners'of 1 bland Excife and Taxes, by and With the Content of the Lord High Treafurer of /Hrtakd or the Commiffioners for executing th£ faid Office of Lord Higb Treafurer, (h&H difed and appoint 5 under abd fubjed neverthe-kfc to all the Rules and Regulations, Reftridions, Provilions, Petal ties and Forfeitures and Modes of Recovery thereof provided, mentioned ahd contained in an Ad made in the laft Seffion or Partiamfeto, intituled dn A3 to provide fot regulating the Warehoufing Spirits drilled from Corn /b lrelartd fot Exportation, without Payment of the Duty of Excife chargeable thereon, and to transfer the Cu/hdy of Spirits fo vourehoufed from the Commiffioners of Cu/loms and Port Duties in Ireland and their Officers, to the Commiffioners oj Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland and their Officers, or in arty other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland, at or immediately before the paffiog of this Ad, with refped to the warehoufing of any Spirits, and to the Exportation of the fame, or to the taking of the fame out of Warehoufe for Home Confumption ; and that all fuch Rules, Regulations, Reftridion9, Provifions, Penalties and Forfeitures, (hall be applied and put in pradice, with refped to the warehoufing of Spirits diftilled from Sugar in Ireland in Stills of any Content whatever, and to the Exportation thereof, and to the taking thereof

P 4	om

Allowance made Diltillers in certain cafe*.

Provilo.

Spirit* ware-houfed without Payment of Duty.

S2 G. 3. c. 30.



A\6

C.j*.

53* GEO. III.

A.D.i8i3»

51G.3-c.61,

§5.

A& nst to sflfeA former AOs unleu where hereby altered.

out of Warehoufe for Home Confumption, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame had been exprefsly repeated and re-enaded in this Ad; and that upon the Exportation from Ireland of fuch Spirits which (hall be fo warehoufed in Ireland, and exported from Warehoufe, there (hall be allowed and given a Drawback of Two Shillings and Two pence, as is mentioned and expreffed, in fuch cafe, in an Adi made in the laft Seflion of Parlia xnent, intituled An Aft to grant an Exeife Duty on Spirits mads or dijlilled from Sugar in Ireland, during the Prohibition of Diliillation from Corn or Grain there, in lieu of the Exeife Duty now chargeable thereon, and to allow a Drawback on the Export thereof \ under the Regulations and Provifions in the faid recited Adi contained.

VIII. And be it further enadted, That nothing in this Adi contained (hall extend or be deemed or coniirued to extend, to repeal or alter any Adi or Adis of Parliament in force immediately before the palling of this Adi, relating to the diftilling or making Spirits in Ireland, or any of the Claufes or Provifoes therein, fave and except fo far as any fuch Ad or Adis, or the Claufes, Provifions, Powers or Authorities therein contained or granted are exprefsly repealed, revoked or altered by this prefent Ad, or are repugnant to any of the Provifions therein contained$ but that all and fingular the faid former Adis, and the feveral Provifions, Rules, Regulations, Powers and Authorities therein contained or granted, and the Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures incurred or thereby impofed pr provided, for any Breach or Non-obfervance of the fame (except as atorefaidj, (hall remain and continue in as full Force and Effed as if this Aa had not been made; any thing herein to the contrary in any wile notwithftanding; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Adi (hall be lued for, recovered and applied in the fame manner, and under fuch Powers and Authorities as are appointed, direded and expreffed for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Adi made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, intituled An Aft for the fettling of the Exctfe or new ImpoR upon His Maiefy, bis Heirs and Succejfors, according to the Book of Rates therein inferted, or in and by any other Ad or Ads in force in Irelaad% relating to the Revenues of Cuftoms and Exeife, or either of them# as fully and effedually to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame # where herein expreffed and enaded, with the like remedy of Appeal 4 to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the faid recited Ad made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majefty King Charles the Second^ or any other Ad or Ads as aforefaid is provided.

AA literal, &c. IX. And be it further enaded, That this Ad maybe altered, amended or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be made in this prefent Selfion of Parliament.

14 A15 Car. *. (I.) Sett*. 4. c. 8.

Appeal.

CAP.



CAP. LIII.

An AGt for raifing a further Sum of Money by Debentures for tlie Service of Great Britain, and for granting Annuities to fatisfy certain Exchequer Bills, and for amending an A Gt of this DefCon of Parliament for granting Annuities to fatisfy certain Exchequer Bills; and for raifing a Sum of Money by Debentures.	[21ft	May	1813.]

* Moft Gracious Sovereign,

4 IT/’E, Your Majedy's moil dutiful and loyal Subje&s, the 4 * * Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament afiembled,

4 being defirous to raife the neceflfary Supplies which we have cheer-4 fully granted to Your Majefty in this Seffion of Parliament, and

*	making Provifion to fatisfy the Principal Sums contained in

*	certain Exchequer Bills, now outftanding, not exceeding the

*	Amount of Six Millions Sterling, have refolved, that a Sum

*	not exceeding Three Millions be raifed by Debentures, and that

*	all Perfons interelted in or entitled unto certain Exchequer Bills,

4 fhcmld be entitled, in refpeft of the Principal Sums contained therein,

4 to fnch Capital Stock in Annuities as are hereinafter mentioned, 4 fubfedk to the Provifions of this A&We Your Majefty's mod faithful Commons, do therefore mod humbly befeech Your Majefty that it may be ena&ed ; and be it enafted by the King's Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That every Contributor towards raifing the faid Sum of Three Millions, who fhaB on or before the Sixth Day of May One thouSand eight hundred and thirteen have made a Depofit of Fifteen Pounds per Ceniwm on fuch Sum as he or (he (hall choofe to fubferibe with the Chief Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, (hall, for every One hundred Pounds contributed and paid, be cntitled to a Debenture of the Description hereinafter mentioned.

IL And be it further ena&ed, That every Perfon intended in or entitled unto any Exchequer Bills, dated between the Fird Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twelve and the Thirty fird Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, both xodufive, who (hall on or before the Sixth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen have made a Depofit of Fifteen Pounds ter Cenhm as aforefaid, (hall for every One hundred Pounds contributed and paid be entitled to a like Debenture, and (hall receive from the Chief Cafhier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England a Certificate to the Paymaders of Exchequer Bills, which Certificate (hall date numerically the Order in which fuch Subfcrip-tioos (hall be made, and the Amount thereof, which (hall entitle fuch Perfon to deliver in fuch Bills to the Paymaders of Exchequer Bills, oa the Seventh Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, in the like Order, to the Amount of Double the Sum fubferibed by fuch Perfon for fuch Debentures.

HI. And be it further ena&ed. That the feveral Perfons who, in porfuance of a Resolution of the Houfe of Commous of the Fird Day of Afril One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bilk to the Amount of

Twelve

Contributors making Depofit entitled to Debenture*

Entitled to Exchequer Bilk to have Debentures in like manner.

Further time allowed for fub-feribin* Exchequer Bilk.



2 l8

t’ jflTefTed of Debentures may deliver in Exchequer Bills to Double the Amount.

After a certain Period other Perfons may deliver in Exchequer Bills.

Delivering in Exchequer Bills entitled to certain Stock and Intsraft

wifo.

Guardians may deliver up Bills fo Benefit of Infants, who fh H be entitled to Annuities.

C.53.	53° GEO. III.	A.D.r8i3.

Twelve Millions, applied to the faid Paymafters to fubferibe their Exchequer Bill* and received Tickets from the faid Paymafters, bnt who were not at that time permitted to fubferibe the fame, in confe-quence of the Sum authorized to be funded by the faid Refolution having been completed, /hall and may be permitted to deliver in to the faid Paymafters, on the Eighth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen. Exchequer Bills of the Defcription before mentioned, not exceeding the Amount then propofed to have been fubferibed by fuch Perfons refpe&ively.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the feveral Perfons who fhali be po/Te/Ted of Debentures or Receipts for Debentures fubferibed for as aforefaid, under the faid Resolution of the Houfe of Commons of the Firft Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, /hall and may deliver in to the faid Paymafters, on the Eighth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, Exchequer BiRs of the Defcriptions before mentioned* to Double the Amount of the Sums contained in fuch Debentures or Receipts for Debenture* at aforefaid.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe Exchequer Bills, dated within the Periods before mentioned, to the Amount of Six Millions, /hall not be delivered in to the faid Paymafters by the different Defcriptions of Perfons before mentioned, on the Seventh and Eighth Day of May as aforefaid, any other Perfons /hall and may, on the Eleventh Day of the faid Month, deliver in any Exchequer Bills of the Defcriptions before mentioned, to complete the faid Sum of Six Millions.

VL And be it further ena&ed, That every Perfon fo delivering in fuch Exchequer Bills /hall be paid the Intereft that /hall have become due thereupon to the Twenty fixth Day of May One tboo-fand eight hundred and thirteen, in Money, as foon thereafter as can conveniently be done, and (hall have in Exchange for fuch Exchequer Bills, from fuch Paymafters, Certificates to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, expreflmg the Principal Sum contained in fuch Bill or Bills, entitling the Holders of fuch Exchequer Bittt, in refpe& of the Amount of the Principal Sums contained therein, to the Sum of One hundred and thirty nine Pounds Capital Stock in Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, for each One hundred Pounds contained in foeh laft mentioned Certificates, and fo in Proportion for anjr greater Sum; and that all Perfons interefted in or entitled urtto tuch Exchequer Bills as aforefaid /hall, by having delivered the farfte on the respective Days aforefaid into the faid Office of the Paymafters of Exchequer Bills* be deemed to have accepted of the aforefaid Term*; which faid Annuities /hall be {paid and payable at the Bank of England, at the times and in the manner herein mentioned: Provided always, that the Amount of the Principal Sums contained in fuch Exchequer Bills, to be exchanged for Certificates in purfuance of this Att, /haH not exceed the Sum of Six Millions Sterling.

VII. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Infant or Itifantsihall have become entitled to any of the faid Bills, in fuch cafe the Guardian or Guardians, Truftee or Truftees, of fuch Infant or Infants (hall or may, and he, /he or they is or are hereby empowered, for the Benefit of fuch Infant or Infants, to deliver up the

fame

 LjOOQle

A.Dii8ij»

53° GECX HI,

219

fame to fuch Paymafter of Exchequer Bills; and facb Infant or Infants* upon fuch Guardian or Guardians* Truftee or Truftees debveriag up fuch Bill or Bdls, (hall be entitled to fuch Certificates as, aforefaid, and fhall alfb be entitled to the Annuities as aforefaid, as fully as any other Perfon or Perfons whatever; and the faid Guardian or Guardians* Truftee or Truftees, (hall be difeharged from the fame, fo as the Name of fuch Infant or Infants be exprefled in fuch Certificate or Certificates ; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful Exchequer ^ to and for the proper Officer or Officers* at the Office of the Pay-traders of Exchequer Bills for the time being, to take in and receive chem^e/lHls^n from all and every Perfon and Perfons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies granting Certi-Pafitkror Corporate, who is, are or (hall be pofleffed of, interefted in ficates. or entitled unto any fuch Exchequer Bills, all the faid Exchequer Bids, to the Amount of Six Millions Sterling, as aforefaid, which any fuch Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, (hall, on the refpedive Days aforefaid, have delivered to fuch Officer or Officers; and the faid Paymaftera of Exchequer Bills are hereby authorized and required, upon Receipt of any fuch Bills, to mark and cancel the fame, and to pay the Intered that (hall have become dm thereupon to the faid Twenty fixth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and to make forth and (ign the Certificates herein dine&ed to be made out, in lieu of the Principal Sums contained m the faid Bills, and to deliver the fame to the Parties entitled thereto as (bon after the paffing of this A& as conveniently can be done; and the faid Pavmaftcrs of Exchequer Bills are hereby authorized and required to deliver to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England the Cheques or Counterfoils of fuch Certificates.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed. That all and every Perfon and Certificate* to Perfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who (hall have delivered any *nt,tk t0 certain fuch Exchequer Bill or Bills as aforefaid, upon producing fuch nnu,uc#* Certificates as are hereby dire&ed to be made forth by the faid Paymaders of Exchequer Bills, in lieu of the Principal Sums con-

.taioed in fuch Bill or Bills, (hall, for every Sum of One hundred Pbands contained therein, and fo in Proportion for any greater Sum, hare and be entitled to the Capital Stock in Annuities, hereinbefore mentioned which (hall be in lieu of fuch Exchequer Bills, and the Annuities thereon (hall be payable Half-yearly at the Bank of England, on the Tenth Day of* 0Bober and Fifth Day of ^dpril in every Year; the Firft Payment to become due on the Tenth Day of OBober One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.

X.	And be it farther ena&ed. That all Perfons and Corporations Annuities deera-

enthled to anyiof the Annuities hereby granted, and his, her and	ona

their f Adminiftrators, Succeffors and Afligns refpc&ively, and all

Perfons and Corporations lawfully claiming under him, her or them,

(hall have good, lure, abfolnte and indefeafible Eftates and Interefts in * t

the faid Annuities, according to the true Tenor and Meaning of this

Ad, until the Redemption thereof in the manner herein dire&ed;

sod (hall be poffitfled thereof as of a Pcrfonal Eftate, which (hall not Foreign Ausch-

be descendible to Heirs, nor liable to any Foreign Attachment by menu

the Cuftom of London, or otherwife ; any< Law, Cuftom or Ufage to

the cootrary notwithftanding.

XI. And





220

Annuities payable out of Con-foliduted Fund.

Certificates af-(ignable before Aug. i, 1^13.

B.ir.k on receiving Certificates, to give Credit in Books for Capital Stock therein mentioned; which Stock may ke transfer red.

Dtpofit m ade.

Times of Payment of Sub-fcription.

XT. And be it farther ena&ed, That all the Annuities hereby granted (hall he charged and chargeable upon and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, after paying or refenringr fufficient to pay all fach Sums of Money as have been dire&ed b jr any former AA or A6U of Parliament; and (hall be fubje& to Re-demption by Parliament, in manner hereinafter mentioned.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That all fuch Certificates as

be delivered in manner hereinbefore mentioned, fhall be affignable by lndorfement thereupon, made at any time before the Firft Day oF Auguft One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen and no longer; and no fuch Certificate or Aflignment thereupon fhall be charged witH any Stamp Duties whatever.

XIII.	And he it further enaded. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England'* and their SuccefTors, or fuch Perfon or Perfons as they fhall appoint for that Purpofe, and he and they is and are hereby refpe&ively authorized and required to take in and receive all and every of the Certificates to be made out in lieu of the faid Bills as aforefaid, in purfuance of the X)ire£tions of this AA 5 and upon the Receipt of every fuch Certificate fhall, and he and they is and are hereby required, in refae& of every Sum of One hundred Pounds contained in fuch Certificates fo brought to him or them as aforefaid, and fo in Pro* portion for any greater Sum, forthwith to give credit in a Book or Books to be prepared for that Purpofe, for the Capital Stock hereinbefore mentioned, in the faid Annuities of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum ; and the Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whole Credit fuch Capital Stock fhall be entered in the faid Book or Books, his, her or their Executors, Adminiftrators or Affigns, fhall and may have Power to aflign and transfer the fame, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, to any other Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatfoever, in other Books to be prepared and kept for that Purpofe; and the faid Governor and Company for the time being fhall alfo, on or before the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, tranfmit an attefted Duplicate, fairly written on Paper, of the faid Book or Books firft hereinbefore mentioned, into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of Hi» Majefty’s Exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XIV.	And he it further ena&ed. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons who fhall have fubferibed for Debentures as aforefaid, to make a DcpoGt of Fifteen Pounds per Centum in manner hereinbefore mentioned, on fuch Sum as he or (he fhall fo choofe to fubferibe, with the Chief Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England (which Cafhier or Cafhiers is and are hereby appointed the Receiver and Receivers of fuch Subfcriptions or Contributions, without any other Warrant to be had on that behalf), as a Security for making the future Payments on or before the Days or Times, and in the Proportions hereinafter limited and appointed in that behalf; that is to fay. Fifteen Pounds per Centum on or before the Twenty firft Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen; the further Sum of Fifteen Pounds per Centum on or before the Eighteenth Day of June then next following; the further Sum of Twenty Pounds per Centum* on or before the Sixteenth Day of July then next following;

the





221

AJX1813.

53 GEO. III.

the further Sum of Fifteen Pounds per Centum, on or before the Twenty feventh Day of Augufl then next following; the further Sucn of Ten Pounds ter Centum, on or before the Twenty fourth Day of September tnen next following 5 and the remaining Si*m of Ten Pounds per Centum, on or before the Twenty ninth Day of OSober then next following.

XV.	And be it further enadled, That it (hall and may be lawful Guardian* may for any Guardian or Truflee having the Difpofition of the Money of contribute fa any Infant to contribute and pay for or towards the Purchafe of ,n an$" ,

the laid Debentures; and fuch Infant, upon the Payment of fuch Sum or Sums fubferibed by fuch Guardian or Truilee, (hall become a Contributor within the Meaning of this Adi, and be entitled to have and receive the faid Debentures, Advantages and Payments in rcfpe& thereof, in fuch and the like manner as any other Contributor; ana the faid Guardian and Truilee, as to the faid Sum or Sums fo advanced, is hereby difeharged, fo as the Name of fuch Infant be exprefied in the Receipt or Receipts for fuch Money.

XVI.	And be it further enadled, That every Contributor, paying Contributors

ia the Whole of the Sums by them refpedlively fubferibed as aforefaia, paying Subfcriy.

for the Purchafe of Debentures, at any time on or before the Twenty tions on or be-

third Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, (hall fore Sept.

be entitled to an Allowance of fo much Money as the Intered of each

Sum fo paid in Advance for completing his, her or their Contribution

refpedlively (hall amount unto, after the Rate of Four Pounds per

Centum per Annum, from the Day of completing the fame to the

Twenty ninth Day of OSober One thoufand eight hundred and

thirteen, which Allowance is to be paid by the faid Caffiier or Cafhiers

out of the Money fo contributed in pursuance of this Ad, as foon

as fuch rcfpe&ive Contributors, their Executors, Adminiflrators,

SuccelTors and Affigns, (hall have completed fuch Payment.

XVII.	And be it further enadled, That the Debentures to be made Debentures t« forth under the Authority of this Ad or of any other Ad or Ads be of fuch Form made and pafled, or to be made and palled during the prefent Sefiion of as Treafury Parliament, (hall be prepared and made out at the Receipt of His

Majedy’s Exchequer, in fuch Method and Form as any Three or more of the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or the Lord High Treafurer of Great Britain for the time being, (hall think mod fefe and convenient; and may contain one common Sum or different Sums in the principal Monies: Provided always, that every fuch Debenture which (hall have been or may be ligned by the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majedy’s Exchequer, or in his Name by any Perfon who (hall have been or may be duly authorized by the faid Auditor to fign the fame, with the Approbation of any Three or more of the Commiffioners of His Majedy’s Treafury, or the Lord High Treafurer of Great Britain for the time being, in Writing under their or his Hands; and that every fuch Authority (hall be duly regidered in the Office from which fuch Debentures are to be iffued, tad Notice thereof publiffied in the London Ganette before any Debenture Ggned by virtue of fuch Authority (hall be put into Circulation.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled, That every fuch Contributor AntejC>4X. under this Adi, or under the Adi paffed in the prefent Seffion of Contributors en-Parbament, intituled An AS for granting Annuities to Jatisfy certain ritled to receive Exchequer Bills ; and for raifing a Sum of Money by Debentures for Debentures



)ogle

reft of 5 per Cent.

When De '. n ture.. ; --'i oft

Manner of dif-chargieg Debentures.

As Toon as Subfir ijtious com-

C.53.	53*GEO. HI.	A.D.iSij*

the Service of Great Britain, his, her or their Executors, Adminiftra-tors or Amgns,. (hall for every One hundred Pounds contributed and paid at the Bank of England, on producing a Certificate from the Cafhier or Carriers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, that fuch Payment hath been completed, be entitled to have and receive from the. faid Auditor a Debenture for the Sum of One hundred Pounds, bearing Date on the Fifth Day of April One thou-fand eight hundred and thirteen, transferable by Indorfement, and carrying an Intereft at the Rate of Five pounds per Centum per Annum> payable to the Bearer thereof Half-yearly, at the Bank of England, on the Tenth Day of OSober and the Fifth Day of April in every Year, the Firft Payment thereon to be made on the Tenth Day of OSober One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen ; and the Principal Sums contained in fuch Debentures (hall be payable in Money at the Office of the faid Auditor, and Intereft thereon (hall ceafe on the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, or on the Fifth Day of April in any fncceeding Year during the Continuance of the War, on the Parties entitled to the fame giving Three Calendar Months previous Notice in Writing at the Office of the faid Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, of their Intention to receive fuch Money, or (hall be paid in Money, and the Intereft (hall ceafe on the Fifth Day of April next fucceeding Twelve Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace : Provided always, that the Perfons poflefled of or entitled to any fuch Debentures, or any Debenture made out or to be made out in purfuance of the faid recited Afct, fhall and may have the Option at the Fifth Day of April or the Tenth Day of OSober in any Year until the fame (hall be payable, on giving Fourteen Days Notice in Writing to the Chief Cafhier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of receiving for each One hundred Pounds Principal Money contained in fuch Debentures, either the Sum of One hundred Pounds Capital Stock in Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum ; or the Sum of One hundred and twenty Pounds Capital Stock in Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum ; or the Sum of One hundred and Fifty Pounds Capital Stock in Reduced Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum ; which faid rcfpe&ive Annuities fhall be payable and paid Half-yearly by even and equal Portions; that is to fay, the faid Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum, on the Fifth Day of July and the Fifth Day of January in every Year; and the faid Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum and of Three Pounds per Centum, on the Tenth Day of OSober and the Fifth Day of April in every Year; the Firft Payment upon the faid refpe&ive Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum and of Three Pounds per Centum fhall become due on the Fifth Day of April or the Tenth Day of OSober next after the time that fuch Debentures fhall have been fo converted into Stock; and the Firft Payment on the faid Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum fhall become due on the Fifth Day of January or the Fifth Day of July next before the time the faid Debentures (hall have been converted into Stock as aforefaid.

XIX.	And be it further cna&ed, That as foon as any fuch Perfons fhall have declared their Intention of accepting any Capital

15	Stock



A.D.j8j3-	53°GEO.III.	C.	53.

Stock io either of the Annuities aforefaid in lieu of the faid Debentures, fitch Capita] Stock (hall forthwith be in the Books of the Bank of England placed to the Credit of fuch refpe&ive Perfons ; and the Perfons to whofe Credit fuch Capital Stock (hall be fo pbced, their refpe&ive Executors, Adminiltrators, Succeflors and Afligns, (hall and may have Power to aflign and transfer the fame, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, to any other Perfon or Perfon.*, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatfoever, in the Books of the Bank of England; and the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby required, a9 foon as conveniently may be after fuch Option (hall have been declared, to prepare proper Books for the Purpofe of entering the Names of all fuch Perfons, ami of placing to their Credit the refpe&ive Capital Stocks as aforefaid ; and the faid Governor and Company are hereby required to caufe fuch Stock to be forthwith placed to the Credit of the Perfons entitled to the Annuities in refpe& thereof, in the Books of the faid Bank of England ; and fuch Stocks (hall carry the refpe&ive Annuities after the Kate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, or of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, or of Three Pounds per Centum ter Annum, as the cafe may be, redeemable by Parliament; asd (hall refpe&ively be taken and deemed to be Stock transferable according to the true Intent and Meaning of this A&, until Redemption thereof, in fuch manner as is hereinafter mentioned.

XX.	And be it further ena&ed, That all Debentures to be made forth by virtue of the faid recited A& and this A&, and all Aflign* meats thereof, (hall be free from all Stamp Duties whatfoever,

XXJ. And, for the more eafy and fure Payment of the Annuities eftablifhed by this A&, it is hereby further ena&ed, That the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Succeflors, (hall from time to time appoint and employ One or more fufficient Perfon or Perfons within their Office, in the City of London, to be their Chief or Firft Cafhier or Cafliiers, and One other Perfon or Perfons within the fame Office to be their Accountant General 5 and that fo mqch of the Monies from time to time being in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the faid Confolidatcd Fund, by this A& made * applicable for that Purpofe, as (hall be fufficient to anfwer the faid Annuities, (hall by the Order of the Commiffioners of the Treafury, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treafurer for the time being, without any further or other Warrant to be fued for, had or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the refpe&jve Days of payment in this A& appointed, be iflued and paid at the faid Receipt of the Exchequer, to the Firft or Chief Caihier or Caftuers of the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Succeflors, for the time being, by way of Impreft and upon Account for the Payment of the faid Annuities; and that fuch Cafhier or Cafhiers, to whom the faid Monies (ball from time to time be iflued, (hall from time to time, without Delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his or their Accounts thereof according to the due Courfe of the Exchequer.

XXII. And it is hereby alfo ena&ed, That the faid Accountant Genera) for the time being (hall from time to time infpe& and examine all Receipts and Payments of the faid Cafhier or Cafhiers, and the Vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence •t Delay.

XXIII.	And

223

pletci may bt transferred.

Debentures fret from Stamp Duty.

Exchequer to ifrue Money to Bank for Payment of Annuities.

Accountant General to examine Cafhiers* Accounts.



Cafhier to give Receipt for Subscriptions, •flignahle before Sept. 24> 1813.

Cafhier to give Security for paying Money into Exchequer.

A Book to be kept in Accountant General’s Office for entering Contributor* * Names. Duplicate transmitted to Auditor of Exchequer.

Annuities Tax free.

Subscriptions paid in Part and not received, forfeited.

C. 53.	530	GEO.	in.	A.D.1813.

XXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England who fhall have received or (hall receive* any Part of the faid Contributions for Debentures as aforefaid, fhall give a Receipt or Receipts in Writing to every fuch Contributor for all fuch Sums ; and that the Receipts to be given fhall be affignable at any time before the Twenty fourth. Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and no longer: Provided always, that fuch Cafhier or Cafhiers fhall give Security to the good liking of any Three or more of the Com-miffioners of the Treafury, or the High Treafurer of Great Britain for the time being, for duly anfwering and paying into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in Great Britain as after mentioned, for the Public Ufe, all the Monies which they have already received, and fhall hereafter receive from time to time in refped of the faid Debentures, and for accounting duly for the fame, and for Performance of the Tmft hereby in them repofed, and fhall from time to time pay-all fuch Monies as foon as he or they fhall receive the fame, or any Part thereof, or within Five Days afterwards at the fartheft, into, and fhall account for the fame, in the Exchequer of Great Britain, according to the due Courfe thereof, dedu&ing thereout fuch Sums as fhall have been paid by him or them in purfuance of this K€t ; for which Sums fo paid Allowance fhall be made in his or their Accounts.

XXIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That in the Office of Use Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the time being, a Book or Books (kail be provided ana kept, in which the Names of the faid Contributors fhall be fairly entered; which Book or Books the faid refpedive Con* tributors, their refpedive Executors, Adminiflrators, SuccefTors and Affigns, fhall and may from time to time, and at all feafonable times, refort to and infped without any Fee or Cham; and that the faid Accountant General fhall, on or before the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, tranfmit an attefted Duplicate, fairly written on Paper, of the faid Book or Books into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer of Great Britain, there to remain for ever.

XXV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the feveral Annuities by the faid Ad and this Ad granted fhall be free from all Taxes, Charges and Impofitions whatfoever.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That in cafe any fuch Contributors who have already depofited with or fhall hereafter pay to the faid Cafhier or Cafhiers any Sum or Sums of Money at the time and in the manner hereinbefore mentioned, in Part of the Sum or Sums fo by them refpedively fubferibed, or their refpedive Executors, Adminiflrators, SuccefTors or Affigns, fhall not advance and pay to the faid Cafhier or Cafhiers the Refidue of the Sum or Sums fo fubferibed at the times and in the manner before mentioned, then and in every fuch cafe fo much of the refpedive Sum or Sums fo fubferibed, as fhall have been adually paid in Part thereof to the faid Cafhier or Cafhiers, fhall be forfeited for the Benefit of the Public, and all Right and Title to the faid Debentures in refped thereof fhall be extmguifhed ; any thing in this Ad contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XXVII. And



t25

A.D.1813.

530 GEO. III.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for any Tretfury may Three or more of the Commiffioners of the Treaiury, or the High apply Money Treafurer of Great Britain for the time being, to iflue and apply &‘Jdhmt0 from time to time all fuch Sums of Money as (hall be fo paid into xc e^tt#r’ the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer of Great Britain, by the

laid Cafluer or Cafhiers, to fuch Services as (hall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in this prefent Seffion of Parliament.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded, That all the Debentures Exchequer Bills converted into Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum and Annuities far Annum, by virtue of this Ad, or intended fo to be, (hall be converted into deemed, reputed and taken to be One Capital or Joint Stock, and ^lve p.cf

(hall be added to and made Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities to Five per Cent, with and (hall be redeemable at the fame time and in like manner already eftab-as the Annuities carrying an Intereil after the Rate of Five Pounds liOied. per Centum per Annum, eltabliftied by the Ads of the Twenty fourth, 24 q , Scfl* ^ Twenty fiftn, Thirty fourth, and Thirty fifth Years of the Reign of c.39.

His prefent Majefty, and by feveral fubfequent Ads,'for granting 25 G. 3. c.3». Annuities to fatisfy certain Navy, Vidualling and Tranfport Bills, 34^.3.0.21. Ordnance Debentures and Exchequer Bills 5 and that all and every 33 G*3*c*3»» Perfon or Perfons, and Corporations whatfoever, in Proportion to the Stock to which he, (he or they (hall become entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this Ad, (hall have or be deemed to have a proportional Iotercft and Share in the faid Stock of Annuities at the Rate aforefaid.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded, That all the Debentures and Four per Cents. Exchequer Bills converted into Annuities after the Rate of Four added to the Pounds per Centum per Annum, by virtue of this Ad, or intended Four P*r Cents, fo to be, (hall be deemed, reputed and taken to be One Capital or

Joist Stock, and (hall be added to and made Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of England, into which the (everal Sums carrying an Intereft after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum were, by Two Ada made in the Twentieth and 20 G. 3. c.id. Twenty firft Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and by »lG-3 c-*4* feveral fubfequent Ads, converted, and (hall be deemed Part of the (aid Joint Stock of Annuities, fubjeft neverthelefs to Redemption by Parliament, in fuch manner and upon fuch Notice as in the Ind Ads are direded in refped of the Annuities redeemable by virtue of the faid Ads ; and that all and every Perfon and Perfons, and Corporations whatfoever, in Proportion to the Stock to which be, (he or they (hall become entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this Ad, (hall have and be deemed to have a proportional Intereft and Share in the faid Joint Stock of Annuities, at the Rate aforefaid.

XXX.	And be it further enaded, That all the Debentures con- Three perCems. verted into Reduced Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Reduced added Centum per Annum by virtue of this Ad, or intended fo to be, (hall t0 Three per

be added to the Joint Stock of Annuities transferrable at the Bank Ce^t. Reduced, •f England, which by an Ad made in the Twenty third Year of the 13	*c’

Reign of His late Majefty were reduced from Four Pounds per Centum per Annum to Three Pounds ter Centum per Annum, and (nail

be deemed Part of the faid Joint Stock of Annuities, fubjed neterthe-leCi to Redemption by Parliament, in fuch manner and upon fuch Notice as in the feveral Ads by which the faid Annuities after the Rate of Foar Pounds per Centum per Annum were refpedively granted, are direded in (tfped of the Annuities redeemable by vittue

53 Geo. III.

Q

thereof |

 i^ooQle

22 6

Mode of trim-ftniog Stock.

J7;rgirg Cfitifi-.tes, Stc.

C*jib.

Fcrymg Rcttij-u r Ccmtribmiofis

k

C53.	53*	GEO. IIL	A.D.1813.

thereof; and that all and every Perfon and Perfons, and Corporations whatfoever, in Proportion to the Stock to which hef (he or they fhall become entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this A£t, (hall hare and be deemed to have a proportional Intereft and Share in the faid Joint Stock of Annuities, at the Rate aforefaid.

XXXI.	And be it further ena&ed. That the faid Capital or Joint Stocks, or any Share or Intereft therein, and the proportional Annuities attending the fame, (hall be affignablc and trans-ferrable as this A& direds, and not otherwife ; and that there (hall conflantly be kept in the Office of the faid Accountant General for the time being, within the City of London, a Book or Books wherein all Affignmcnts or Transfers of the faid Capital or Joint Stock, or any Part thereof, and the proportional Annuities attending the fame, at the Rate aforefaid, (hall be entered and regifterrd, which Entries (hall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpofe, and (hall be figned by the Parties making fuch Alignments or Transfers, or if any fuch Party or Parties be abfcnt, by his, her or their Attorney or Attornies thereunto lawfully authorized by Writing under his, her or their Hands and Seals, to be attefted by Two or more credible Witncfles; and that the Perfon or Perfons to whom any fuch Transfer (hall be made, (hall refpedively underwrite his, her or their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of affigning or transferring the faid Capital or Joint Stock, and the Annuities attending the lame or any Part thereof, or any Intereft therein, (hall be good and available in Law; and that no Stamp Duties whatfover (hall be charged on the faid Transfers, or any of them: Provided always, that all Perfons pof-fefled of any Share or Iutereft in the faid Joint Stock of Annuities, or any Eftate or Intereft therein, may devife the fame by Will in Writing, attefted by Two or more credible Witneffes, but that no Payment (hall be made upon any fuch Devife until fo much of the faid Will as relates to fuch Eftate, Share or Intereft, be entered is the faid Office; and that in Default of fuch Transfer or Devife as aforefaid, fuch Share, Eftate or Intereft (hall go to the Executors, Adminiftrators, SucceiTors and Affign6.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or (hall willingly act or affift in the forging or counterfeiting any Certificate or Certificates, Debenture or Debentures, directed to be made out by this A&, or any Aflignment thereof, or Indorfement thereon, or (hail alter any Number, Figure or Word in any fuch Certificate or Debenture, or in any Affignment thereof or Indorfemeut thereon, or utter or publilh as true any fuch falfe, forged, counter* feited or altered Certificate or Certificates, Debenture or Debentures, or Affignment or Affignments thereof, or Indorsement or lndorfementa thereon, with Intent to defraud His Majeily, or the Governor and Company of the Baak of England» or any Body Politic or Corporal^ or any Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, every fuch Perfon. or Perfons fo forging or counterfeiting, or caufing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited# or willingly atling or amfting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering# uttering or publifhing, as aforefaid, being thereof convi&cd in due Form of Law, (hall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and (hall fuffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

XXXIII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall forge or. counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged or

15	counter*





A.D. 1813.	53#GEO.	III.	C.53.	%tj

counterfeited, or (hall willingly a d or aflift in the forging or counter- far Purchafe ef

feiting any Receipt or Receipts, for the Whole of or any Part or Debeoru*®**

Parts of the faid Contributions for the Purchafe of Debentures,	*	,

either with or without the Name or Names of any Perfon or Perfons

being inferted therein, as the Contributor or Contributors thereto, or

Payer or Payers thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, or (hall alter

any Number, Figure or Word therein, or utter or pubiiffi as true any

fuch falfe, forged, counterfeited or altered Receipt or Receipts, with

Intent to defraud the Governor and Company of tne Bank of England,

or any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Perfon or Perfons whatfo*

ever, every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo forging or counterfeiting, or

caufing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly ading

or aflifting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering or

publifhing as aforefaid, being thereof convided in due Form of Law,

(hall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and (hall fuffer Death as a Felon ^ without Benefit of Clergy.

XXXIV.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaded, That Banktocon-the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their tinu-» Corpo-Succeflors, not with (landing the Redemption of all or any of their

own Funds, in purfuance of the Ads for eftablifhing the fame, or any *° c 0 of them, (hall continue a Corporation for the Purpofes of this Ad, until all the faid Annuities (hall be redeemed as aforefaid, and the faid Governor and Company, or any Member thereof, (hall,not incur any Difability for or by reafon of his or their doing any Matter or Thing in purfuance of this Ad.

XXXV.	And be it further enaded, That no Fee, Reward or Fee ukinf. Gratuity whatfoever (hall be demanded or taken for any Transfer of

any Sum, great or fmall, to be made in purfuance of this Ad, upon Pain that any Officer or Perfon offending, by taking or demanding any Fee or Gratuity contrary to this Ad, (nail, for every fuch Offence,

•forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds to the Party grieved, to be re* Pena-t3r-covered with full Cofts of Suit, by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weft-minjler, wherein no Effoin, Protedion, Privilege or Wager of Law,

Injundion or Order of Reftraint, or more than One Imparlance, (hall be granted or allowed.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the Tre?fpHor^r

faid Commiffioners of the Treafury, or any Three or more of them, or ]?**.	**

the High Treafurer for the time being, (hall have Power, and they are ie

hereby authorized, out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies in the Receipt of His Majtfly’s Exchequer, to reward all fuch Perfons as (hall be any ways employed in the Execution of this Ad, for their Service, Pains and Labour, and alfo to defray fuch incident Charges as (hall neceflarily attend the fame.

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded. That it (hall be lawful to Bank to retain a and for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to retain ^ir^rvicej01 out of the-faid Contributions at the Rate of Eight hundred Pounds

for every Million thereof, as an Allowance for the Service, Pains and Labour of the faid Ca(hier or Cafhiers employed in receiving, paying and accounting for the fame, and alfo tor the Service, Pains and Labour of the faid Accountant General, for performing the Trufl repofed in him by this Ad; which Allowance, in refped of the Service, Pains and Labour of the (aid Caffiier or Caffiiers and Accountant General of the (aid Governor and Company, (hall be

Q a	for

 v^.ooQle

328

C-53*

53* GEO. Ill*

A*D« i S i

TiobleCoflf.

53 G. 3.C-4I.

for the Ufe of tlie faid Governor and Company, and at tbeir Dif-pofal only.

Gtntral Iflue. XXXVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perform or Per-font (hall at any time or thnea be fued, molcfted or profecuted, for any-thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this A6t, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained, fiuch Perfon or Pcrfons (hall and may plead the General Iflue, and give the Special Matter m Evidence tor his or their Defence; and if a Verdict (hall pals for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (nail difcon-timie his or their Adi on, or be nonfuited, or Judgment (hall be given agaiuft him or them upon Demurrer or other wife, then fuch Defendant or Defendants (hall have Treble Cods to him or them awarded againft fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

4 XXXIX. And whereas by an Ad made in this prefent Seffion

•	of Parliament, intituled An A3 for granting Annuities to fatisfy 4 certain Exchequer Bills ; and for raifing a Sum of Money by Debin-

13.	4 turest for the Service of Great Britain, it is ena&ed, that it ftiould

•	be lawful for every Perfon who (hould have delivered in any Es-4 chequer Bill or Bills therein deferibed, and who (hould be dtffroiii 4 of fubferibing for the Purchafe of Debentures to make a Depofit 4 of Ten Pounds Oer Centum, as a Security for making the future

•	Payments on or oefore the Days therein mentioned : And whereas 4 one of the faid Payments of Ten Pounds per Centum was by Mif-4 take dire&ed to be made on the Twenty fifth Day of June One 4 thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, inftead of the Eighteenth

on 4 Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen Be it June i8y instead therefore ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for every of Juue 25. Perfon who (hall have made fuch Depont as aforefaid, to pay Tea Pounds per Centum on the Sums fubferibed for the Purchafe of Debentures, on the Eighteenth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, inffead of the laid Twenty fifth Day of Jum One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and (hall be deemed to have made good his Payment in fuch and the like manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the Eighteenth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen had been inferted in the faid A&.

Debentures loft XL. And whereas, if it (hall fo happen that any of the Dcben-or deftroyed, dec. tures made out, or to be made by virtue of this A&, or of any other Vfurdo fcr. A& 0f fa prefent Seflion of Parliament (hall be burnt, loft or otber-wife deftroyed, or may become defaced, obliterated or incumbered with Afiignments thereon ; then in all or any of the (aid cafes it (hall and may be lawful for the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majtfty's Exchequer to caufe new Debentures to be made forth ia his Office, to be figned by him, or by any Perfon authorized by him, according to the Dire&ions contained in this A&, upon the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Debentures loft, burnt or otberwife deftroyed, making Oath (if required) before any Magiftrate duly authorized to adminifter the fame, or to produce other full and fufficient Proof to the Satisfa&ion of the faid Auditor that fuch Debentures have been burnt, loft or otberwife deftroyed, provided that the Perfon or Perfons do give Security to the King to the liking of the (aid Auditor, for redelivering fuch new Debentures into his Office to be cancelled if the Debenture or Debentures certified to have been loft* burnt or otberwife deftroyed be thereafter produced 5 or in cafe that new Debentures be made out in lieu of Debentures defaced, obliterated

V

 LjOOQle

A.D.iSi3>	53°GEO. HI.	**?

rated or otherwife incumbered as aforefaid, then fuch Debentures or Debenture (hall be delivered up and cancelled, and the new Debentures or Debenture made out in lieu thereof (ball be made payable to the Perfon or Perfons who fhaU appear at that time to be lawfully entitled to the (aid Debentures or Debenture fo to be delivered up and cancelled, and the laid Auditor (hall always take Care that fuch Entries or Memorandums be made upon the faid new Debentures as may denote their being made in lieu of fuch Debentures or Debenture as may have been loll, burnt, deftroyed, defaced, obliterated or incumbered as aforefaid, as the cafe may be, in order to fecure the Publio againft any double Payments for or by reafon of the making out new Debenture* in the manner aforefaid.

XL1. And be it further enadted, That this Ad maybe altered, A£l repealed, amended or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be palled iu this prefent ftc#

SeffioQ of Parliament.

CAP. LIV.

An Aft to amend an Aft made in the Forty ninth Tear of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An ASl for the further Prevention of the Sale ana Brokerage of Offices.	[a ill May 1813.]

•	TT7HEREAS an Ad was pafled in the Forty ninth Year of

•	VV His Majefty's Reign, intituled An AS for the further Pre* 49 G.^.ciaS.

•	txntion of the Sale and Brokerage of Officer : And whereas it was § 7.

•	by the laid Ad, smongft other things, provided, that nothing

•	therein contained Ihould extend or be conilrued to extend to any

•	Purchafes, Sales or Exchanges of any Coromiffione or Appomt-1* meats in His Majefty’s Yeoman Guard ; And whereas no mention

•	is made in (aid Ad of His Majefty’s Battle Axe Guards in Ire~

•	land, and it is reasonable that the faid Battle Axe Guards (hould 4 be alfo excepted from the Operation of the faid AdBe it therew fore enaded by the King's Moft Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembtrd, and by the Authority of the fame. That nothing in the faid Ad contained, for pre- Not to extend «s venting the Purchafe, Sale, Exchange or Brokerage of Offices, (hall His Majefty'e extend or be conftrued to extend to any Purchafes, Sales or Ex-

changes of any Commiffions or Appointments in His Majefty's Battle ^^rTJ in Axe Guards m Ireland; any thing in the faid Ad contained to the contrary in any wife notwtthftanding.

CAP. LV.

An Aft to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, and to amend, leveral Afts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland / and to grant, until the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, certain new and additional Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland•	[jd June 1813.]

Q 3	4	Moft





230

AS G. 3- c.18.

46 O. 3. t. 62.

47 G. 3. Self. 1. c.31.

47 G. 3. Seff.». c. 16.

47 G. 3. Seff. 1. c. 18.

46	O. 3. cc. 1 a. 110.

47	G. 3. Seff.».

c. 1.

48	G. 3. c. 80.

49	G. 3. c.74.

50	G. 3.C.97.

31 G. 3. c.58.

51	G. 3. c.86.

$% G. 3. c.69.

I I.

e.55.	53® GEO. ni.

* Moft Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Ad was made in the Forty fifth Year of Hit prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for granting unto * Hit Majefiy until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight 4 hundred and fix, certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain 4 Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, IVares and Merchandise im-* ported into and exhorted from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and 4 Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties : And whereas an Ad was made ‘ in the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An 4 A3 for granting unto Hit Majefly until the Twenty ninth Day of 4 September One thoufand eight hundred andfix, certain Duties on the 4 Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the 4 Exhortation of certain Sorts of lronf Sugar and Teat into and from 4 Ireland: And whereas an Ad was made in the Forty feventh 4 Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, to repeal Part of the Duties 4 on the Importation of Unmanufactured Tobacco in Ireland: And • whereas another A d was made in the Forty feventh Year of His ‘ prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to grant to His Majefiy 4 until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eight,

* certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks * on the Exhortation of certain Goods, IVares and Merchandises into 4 and from Ireland: And whereas another Ad was made in the Forty • feventh Year of His prefent Majefty’a Reign, to provide for the * Decreafe and Sufpenfion in certain cafes of Part of the Counter-4 vailing Duty on Briti/b Refined Sugar imported into Ireland : And 4 whereas fuch of the faid recited Ads as were temporary have been * from time to time continued by feveral Ads, palled in the Forty • fixth and Forty feventh Years of His prefent Majefty’s Reign $

4 and by an Ad patted in the Forty eighth Year of His prefent 4 Majefty’s Reign, the laid recited Ads were amended and cond-< nued ; and by an Ad made in the Forty ninth Year of His prefent	^

« Majefty’s Reign, the faid recited Ada were further condnued 5 and 9 4 by an Ad made in the Fiftieth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign,

4 the faid recited Ads were continued and further amended ; And 4 whereas by an Ad made in the Fifty firft Year of His prefent 4 Majefty’s Reign, certain Dudes were granted on Cocoa Nuts im-4 ported into Ireland: And whereas an Ad was made in the Fifty 4 firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, indtuled An A3 4 to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred 4 and twelmti and to amend feveral ABs for granting certain Rates and 4 Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goodsy 4 IVares and Merchandise^ imported into and exported from Ireland ;

• and to grant to His Majefiy until the Fifth Day of July One thou-4 fand eight hundred and twelve, certain new and additional Duties on 4 the Importation9 and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of cer-4 tain Goods, IVares and Merchandises into and from Ireland : And ‘ whereas by an Ad of the laft Seffion of Parliament, all the feveral 4 Ads hereinbefore recited were condnued and are in force until 4 and upon the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and 4 thirteen ; and it is expedient that all th« faid recited Ad6 and alfo • the feveral Rates and Duties granted, and the Drawbacks and 4 Boundes allowed by them or any of them, Ihould be further con-4 tinued in manner hereinafter mentioned ;* Be it therefore enaded * by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and

Confent



231

iSi^t

53* GEO. III.

£•55*

Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the Rates and Duties granted, and tiie Drawbacks and Bounties allowed by the faid recited Ads, or any of them, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, (hall refpedively continue and be in force throughout Ireland, upon and from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred aod thirteen, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen (except the Rates, Duties and Drawbacks, upon the feveral Articles upon which new and other Rates, Duties and Drawbacks are by any of the (aid Ads or by this Ad granted, impofed or allowed, and except fuch Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar of the Britijh Plantations, and on Refined Sugar, under the faid recited Adsy or any of them, as are provided for by an Ad made in the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty18 Reign, intituled An Ad to provide more effectually f” rtgvlati" the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for allowing Britifh Plantation Sugar to le ware* hauled in Ireland, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand aght hundred and eight; which faid laft recited Ad by an Ad pafled ia this prefent Semon of Parliament, is continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen), and that the faid recited Ads (except as aforefaid, and except alio as they are altered or repealed by each other or by t.his Ad, or by any other Ad), and all the Powers and Provifions, Articles, Claufes, Matters and Things, contained in the faid recited Ads, or any of them, (ball be oblerved and complied with during the Term hereby granted, as fully and effedually as if the faid Duties, Drawbacks acd Bounties, and the faid Powers, Provifions, Articles, Claufes, Blatters and Things, had been by the faid recited Ads, or any of them, extended to the Term hcreoy granted, and as if the Term hereby granted had made Part of the faid recited Ads, or any of them; and that the feveral Articles, in refped whereof any Rate or Duty is granted or impofed or continued, or any Drawback or Bounty is allowed by the faid recited Ads, or any of them, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, (hall refpedively be and remain liable to the Rates and Duties, and (hall be entitled to the Drawbacks and Bounties (except as afore-fud) allowed in refped thereof, under the Regulations and Provifions of the (aid recited Ads, upon, from and after the Fifth Day of July Ooe thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad.

* II. Andwhereas the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great

*	Britain and Ireland in Parliament alfembled, towards railing the < neceflary Supplies granted to Your Majefty, and for the Support

*	of Your Majefty’s Government, have refolved to grant to Your

*	Majefty the Several new Duties hereinafter mentioned, upon certain

*	Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into IrelandAnd do therefore moft humbly befeech Your Majefty that it may be enaded ; and be it therefore enaded. That, from and after the Seventeenth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, aad duriog the Continuance of this Ad, there (hall be raifed, levied, colle&ed and paid unto and for the Ufe of His Majefty, his Heirs

Q 4	and

R^tes and Duties further continued, &c.

47 G. j. Seif i. c. 19.

53 G. 3-34-

Exception.

Additional Duties fpecified in Sclteduie paid oti Importation of Goods, «rc.



232	C.55.	53 GEO. III.	A.D.1813;

and SuccefFors, in Ready Money (except as hereinafter is provided), without any Difcount whatever, upon the Importation of the feveral Goods, Wares and Merchandize mentioned and fet forth in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, imported into Ireland, the feveral Duties inferted, deferibed and fet forth in Figures in the faid Schedule; and that there alfo (ball be paid and allowed the feveral Drawbacks in refpeft of the faid Duties as the fame are refpeftively inferted, de-fenbed and fet forth in Figures in the faid Schedule; and that the faid Duties in the faid Schedule fpecified (hall be in addition to ail Duties and Drawbacks payable in Ireland upon the Importation and Exportation of Goods, Wares and. Merchandize of the like Sorts, under or by virtue of any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force in Ireland immediately before the palling of this Aft.

391 & 40 G. 3.	* XII. And whereas it is expedient, purfuant to the Provifions of

lo O 1 riv *9 * Afts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, that in refpeft 40	J «	Qf the Duties by former Afts and this Aft impofed on Hemp

4 imported into Ireland, new and increafed Countervailing Duties 4 (hould be charged on Cordage being the Manufafture of Great 4 Britain and imported from t fie nee into Ireland, fufficient to coon-Counrsrvai’ing 4 tervail all the faid DutiesBe it therefore ena&ed. That, from and after the palling of this Aft, there lhall be charged on all Cordage, the Manufafture of Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, in lieu and full Satisfaftion of all Countervailing Duties whatever payable on fuch Cordage under or by virtue of any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland immediately before the palling of this Aft* the feveral Countervailing Duties following; that is to fay,

On all Cordage to be ufed as Standing Rigging or other Cordage made from topt Hemp, the Ton containing Twenty Hundred Weight, the Sum of Five Pounds Seven Shillings and Two pence:

On all Cordage of any other Sort, Cable Yam, Packthread and Twine, the Ton containing Twenty Hundred Weight, the Sam of Five Pounds One Penny Three Farthings:

And that upon the Exportation of any Cordage manufaftnred in Ireland from Hemp which lhall have paid the Duties by this Aft impofed, and which lhall be exported to Great Britain or elfewhere there lhall be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amotmt to the faid Countervailing Duties refpeftively.

Drawback on JV. And be it further enafted, That, upon the Exportation Cocoa NiJts and from jrejatJj Qf Cocoa Nuts, on which the additional Duties impofed oco te‘ by this Aft lhall have been paid, there lhall be paid and allowed a Drawback after the Rate of Two Shillings and Six pence Three Farthings for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois thereof; and that upon the Exportation from Ireland (except to Great Britain) of any Chocolate made in Ireland from Cocoa Nuts which lhall have been imported into Ireland, and for which the additional Duty impofed .	by this Aft lhall have been paid, and which lhall be duly exported

to Foreign Parts, there lhall be paid and allowed a Bounty in the Nature of a Drawback, of Two Shillings and Four pence Halfpenny Britijh Currency for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of any fnch Chocolate.

Doties and	V. And be it further enafted. That all the Duties and Drawbacks

Drawbacks in	in and by this Aft and the Schedule hereunto annexed, granted and

AkniihCuirency. allowed, fpccified, mentioned and contained, lhall be paid and payable, and received and receivable, according to the Amount thereof

in

Duties on Cordage.

Duties on Cordage.

Drawback.

 L,ooq le

*33

A.D.i8i3«	539GEO. IIL	C.55.

in Brtitjb Currency, and that all the faid Duties (hall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland; and that all the faid Duties and all Drawbacks in and by this A61 and the faid Schedule granted and allowed, fpecified, mentioned and contained, according to the Tale, Weight, Meafure, Gauge or Value of the faid Articles refpedively fpecified, and alfo in Proportion upon any greater or lefs Number, Weight, Quantity or Meafure of fuch Articles, Matters and Things refpedively.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That the feveral and refpedive Duties payablt

Duties by this Ad granted on the Importation into Ireland of on G™d* ‘J.01 the Goods, Wares and Merchandize mentioned and fet forth in this ??***	*0™.

Ad, and the Schedule thereto annexed, (hall be charged and payable y 7>

on ail fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize as (hall not have been entered on or before the faid Seventeenth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, or on which the Duties due and payable on the Importation thereof (hall not have been paid, not-withftanding fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize may have been imported into Ireland before the faid Seventeenth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, or before the palling of this Ad.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the Duties and on fuch as granted, mentioned and fet forth in this Ad and the faid Schedule, Hull be ware-(hall be charged and payable on all fuch Goods, Wares and Mer- houfeJ on or chandize therein mentioned as, having been imported into Ireland, tftcrlhatDay-(hall have been or (hall be warehoufed, orThall have been fecured,

without the Duties due on the Importation thereof having been firft paid, and fliall remain or (hall have remained fo warehoufed or fecured, on or after the faid Seventeenth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, in purfuauce or by Authority of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force for that Purpofe, althougn fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize may have been imported before the faid Seventeenth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen : Provided always, that fuch Duties (hall not be charged or Provifa payable on any fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize until the Duties which fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize (hall have been fubjed to before the faid Seventeenth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen (hall be payable by Law.

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it enaded, That in all cafes where Duties fecured the Whole or any Part of the Duties on the Importation of Goods, by Bond.

Wares and Merchandize into Ireland are permitted to be fecured by

Bond or otherwife, by virtue of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force in Ireland at the time of fuch Importation, the Duties by this Ad and the Schedule thereto annexed, granted or impofed may, in like manner, and under the fame Rules, Regulations, Reftridions and Conditions, be permitted to be fecured by Bond or otherwife.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That all Wines which at any time Wine*, Duties before the Seventeenth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred of which and thirteen, (hall have been imported, the Duties payable upon the no.t,luvc Import of which (hall not have been duly paid and difeharged, (hall May°i 7°liable to be confidered as Wines remaining in His Majefty’s Stores or Ware- additional Duty, houfes on the laid Seventeenth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred

and thirteen, and at the time of the paffing of this Ad, and (hall be charged accordingly ; and the Proprietor thereof (hall be fubjed to the additional Duties on the Importation thereof, mentioned, contained





234

C-55*	53*	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

Duties of Excife on Wine.

Regulations for ascertaining Stock of Wiue.

tained and fet forth in the Schedule or Table hereunto annexed marked (A.), over and above all former Duties payable on the fame.

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That there (hall be railed, levied* colle&ed and paid, unto and for the Ufe of His Majefty, his Heirs and Succcflors, for and upon ail Wines which, on or at any time after the Seventeenth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, (hall have been or (hall be in the Stores or Warehoufes, or in the Cuftody, Power or Pofleflion of any Merchant or Importer of, or Dealer in, or Seller or Retailer of Wine in Ireland, and which (hall have been charged with or paid the Duties payable on tbe Importation thereof under or by virtue of any A€t or Ads in force in Ireland at the palling of this Ad, the refpective additional Duties of Excife following ; that is to fay.

For and upon each and every Tun of French Wine the Sum of Thirty three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four pence :

For and upon each and every Tun of Rhentjb, Germany and Hungary Wines, the Sum of Twelve Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Two pence :

For and upon each and every Tun of Maderia Wine, the Sum of Eight Pounds Six Shillings and Seven pence:

And for and upon each and every Tun of any other Sort of Wines, not otherwife enumerated, the Sum of Eight Pounds Six Shillings and Four pence, and fo in Proportion for any"greater or lefs Quantity of fuch Wines refpe&iv^ly.

XL And, for afeertaining the Stock of all Foreign Wines belonging to all Merchants, Importers of, Fadors and Dealers in, or Selim or Retailers of Foreign Wines, on or at any time after the Seventeenth Day*of May One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and for fecur-ing the additional Duties by this Ad impofed thereon, be it further ena&ed. That every fuch Merchant, Importer of. Dealer in, or Seller or Retailer of Foreign Wines in Ireland, who (hall refpe&ively have any fuch Wines in his, her or their Po(Te(fion in any Warenoufe, Store Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault or other.Place, or in the Cuftody or Pofleffion of any other Perfon for his or their Ufe (other than and except fuch Wines as may be in anv of His Majefty’s Warehoufes for Security of the Duties thereon), (hall within Fourteen Days after the palling of this A6k deliver at the Office of the Colle&or of Excife of the Diftrid in which fuch Wine (hall have been on the faid Seventeenth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, or any other Day between that Day and the Day of the making fuch Return, incluftve, a juft, true and particular Account in Writing of the Quantity of all the Foreign Wine which on the faid Seventeenth Day of May, or on any Day between that Day and the Day of making the laid Return, inclufive, (hall have fo been in the Cuftody or Pofleflion of fuch Merchant, Importer of, Dealer in. Seller or Retailer of Foreign Wine, in every fuch Warehoufe or other Place, or in tbe Cuftody or Pofleflion of any Perfon for his or her Ufe (except as aforefaid), deferibing the Places in which the fame (hall be, and the Situation thereof, and diftingui(hing fuch Foreign Wines from each other according to the true Denomination thereof as the fame are hereinbefore deferibed ; and alfo diftinguifliing whether fuch Wines are Red or White ; and all Wines in Bottles (hall be accounted for according to the Number of Bottles, without exprefling the Number of Gallons



A.D.1813.

53 GEO. III.

*3 S

of Wine contained in fuch Bottles, but eftimating the Number of fuch Gallons in the Whole, by a fair Calculation made on the adual Content of any given Number of fuch Bottles indifferently chofen ; and every fuch Merchant) Importer of, or Dealer in, or Seller or Oath.

Retailer of Foreign Wine, (hall make Oath, or if a Quaker, a folemn Affirmation, before the Colledor of Excife of the Diftrid, that fuch Accountis a juft, true and perfed Account of all fuch Wines as aforefaid, which Oath or Affirmation fuch Col led or is hereby authorized to adminifler; and every fuch Merchant, Importer,

Dealer, Seller, Retailer or other Perfon who (hall negled to deliver or caufe to be delivered fuch Account within the time aforefaid, and to make fuch Oath or Affirmation, or who (hall deliver or caufe to be delivered any falfe or untrue Account, (hall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and all fuch Foreign Wines of which fuch Peftalty. Account (hall not be delivered, or of which any falfe or untrue Account (hall be delivered, (hall alfo be forfeited, together with the Calks, Bottles, Jars, Veffels, Hoglheads and Packages, containing the fame refpedively, and (hall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of nis Majefty’s Revenue in Ireland\

XII.	And be it further enaded, That, for the Purpofes of Officers may this Ad, it (hall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers cnter War*-of Excife, from time to time to enter into all or any of the Ware-

houfes, Storehoufes, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults and other Places w^ne^to^ake

of any fuch Merchant, Importer of, or Dealer in or Seller of Account.

Foreign Wine, whether by Wholefale or Retail, and into any Place

where any Wine belonging to any fuch Merchant, Importer or Dealer

in or Seller or Retailer of Wine (hall be, and by tailing, gauging

or otherwife, to take an Account of the Quality and Quantity

of all Wine then and there found in the Cuftody of or belonging

to any fuch Merchant, Importer, Dealer, Seller or Retailer, in

any Calk, or in any Veffel except Bottles, and alfo to take an

Account of all fuch Wine as (hall then and there be found in

Bottles in 4hy other manner than by tailing the fame, or by uncork*

ing and opening the Bottles containing fuch Wine, unlefs with the

Confent of the Proprietor, for the rurpofe of ascertaining the

Number of Gallons therein, in manner aforementioned; and in cafe

ob Refufal of fuch Confent, each Bottle (hall be deemed to contain

the Quantity which its common Denomination of Pint, Quart, Two

Quarts, and fo forth, imports; and if any Officer or Officers of Excife

(hall not, on Demand made by him or them, at any fuch Warehouse,

Storehoufe, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault or other Place, be admitted therein, or (ball not be luffered to take an Account of all Wines in manner aforefaid, or if fuch Merchant, Importer, Dealer, Seller,

Retailer or Perfon having the Cuftody or Poffeffion of fuch Wines,

(hall negled or refufe to (hew or caufe to be (hewn to fuch Officer all the W ines in every fuch Warehouse or other Place refpedively, fuch Perfon refpedively, into or at whofe Warehoufe or other Place fuch Officer (hall not be admitted, or (hall not be fnffered to take fuch Account refpedively, and every fuch Perfon who (hall refufe or negled to (new or caufe to be (hewn to fuch Officer all fuch Wines as aforefaid, (hall, for every fuch Offence or Default refpcc- Pen,lt)r* tively, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XIII.	And be it further enaded. That in cafe of any Difpute be* Samples taken of tween the Officer of Excife and any fuch Merchant or Importer of. Wine, on Pay-

Dealer ment*





*3^	C.J5*	53*	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

Obftru&ion.

Penalty.

Returns made of Amount of Duties.

Penalty*

When Duty (hall amount to 100L Bond given for Payment.

Dealer in or Seller of Foreign Wine, an to the Nature or Species off any particular Wine, and the Country of which it is the Growth or Manufailure, it (hall and may be lawful for any Officer of Exciie* and every fuch Officer is hereby authorized and empowered to take at any time or times a Sample or Samples, not exceeding One Quart of any fuch Foreign Wine, whether in Bottles or in Calks, or in any other Veffel or VefTels, paying for the Wine the ufual Price thereof 5 and if fuch Officer or Officers (hall not be permitted to take fuch Sample or Samples as aforefaid, upon his offering to pay for the fame, after the Rate aforefaid, or {hall in any wife be obftru&cd or hindered by any Perfon or Perfons whatever in taking fuch Sample or Samples, the Merchant or Importer of, or Dealer in, or Seller or Retailer of fuch Wine, or other Perfon in whole Cuftody fuch Wine (hall be, Ihall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That all and every fuch Officer and Officers of Excife who (hall take fuch Account of fuch Wines, {hall make a Return or Report of the fame to the Colfedor of Excife of the Diftrid, and (hall infert in fuch Return or Report the Amount of the Duties hereby charged and payable thereon 5 and the Sums charged in fuch Return or Report IhaD be a Charge on fuck Merchant or Importer of, Dealer in, or Seller or Retailer of Wine, or other Perfon or Perfons who (hall pay the faid Duty accordingly, in cafe fuch Return or Report fhail contain a greater Quantity of Wines than {hall be comprized in the refpe&ive Accounts hereinbefore di reded to be returned by the Parties refpe£Svely to whom fuch Wine {hall belong, otherwife the Account given by fuch Merchant, Importer or other Perfon, (hall be and become a Charge oa fuch Merchant, Importer or other Perfon, of fuch Duty on the Quantity of Wine contained in fuch Account ; and fuch Merchant, Importer or other Perfon, {hall pay the faid Duty accordingly ; and where no fuch Account (hall have been returned by (uch Merchant, Importer or other Perfon, the Return made by the Officer under this Ad (hall be a cooclufive Charge on fuch Merchant, Importer or other Perfon ; and fuch Merchant, Importer or other Perfon, {hall pay the (aid Duty fo charged within One Calendar Month after fuch Return (hail be made ; and in cafe fuch Merchsat, Importer or other Perfon, fhall negled or refufe to pay loch Duty within fuch Calendar Month, fuch Merchant, Importer or other Perfon, (hall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and double the Amount of the Duties fo charged and payable.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That whenever the additional Duties impofed by this Ad upon any Wines in the Cuftody, Power or Poffeflion of any Merchant, Importer of. Dealer in or Seller or Retailer of Wine in Ireland, {hall snowit to the S«n of One hundred Pounds or upwards, then and in fuch cafe it {batt and may be lawful for any fuch Merchant, Importer, Dealer or other Perfon chargeable with the laid additional Duties on Wmes, in nef-ped of fuch Wines in his or her Stock or Pofteffion, to give Security by Bond to His Maiefty, with Two fufficient Sureties, to be approved of by the Collector of the Diftrid in which fuch Merchant, Importer or other Perfon refides, which Bond fuch Colle&or is hereby authorized to take for His Majefty’s Ufe, in a Penalty of not lefs than double the Amount of the faid additional Dorics, conditioned,

that



237

AJD.i8i3"	53*GEO. III.	C-S$*

that iuch Merchant, Importer, Dealer or other Perfon (hall pay the Amount of the faid additional Duty on or before the Twenty fifth Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, by Three equal Ioftalments ; the Firft of fuch Infialments to be paid on the Tnirty firft Day of Auguft One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, the Second of iuch Iniialments to be paid on the Thirtieth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen ; and the Third and laft Inftalment on or before the Thirty firft Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That if any Merchant, Importer k0 Permit of. Dealer in or Seller or Retailer of any fuch Wines, (hall have fold, er&nted for Re-or (hall fell the fame or any Part thereof, before Payment of the re- of Wine Ipe&ive additional Duties by this Aft impofed, and lhall be dcfirous tl11 Du^f l>aui' of removing the fame out of his Stock, no Permit (ball be granted for

the Removal thereof; nor (hall fuch Wine, or any Part thereof, be removed either in Quantities requiring a Permit, or in Quantities not requiring fuch Permit, unlefs the faid additional Duties and all Dudes of Cuftoms and Excife due on fuch Wine to be fo removed (hall have been previoufly paid; and in cafe any Wine (hall be removed on which all the Duties payable thereon (hall not have been paid and (atisfied, the Merchant, Importer of, or Dealer in, or Seller or Retailer of fuch Wines out of whofe Stock fuch Wine (hall be fo removed, (hall forfeit and pay double the Amount of the Duty payable for the Wine (b removed, and (hall alfo forfeit the Sum of One hundred Penalty Pounds.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Merchant, Im- Plfcount for porter. Dealer or other Perfon who (hall be charged with or liable rromPc ¥*y-to the additional Duties on Wines under this Aft (hall pay the fame, menu

or any Part thereof, before the Expiration of the refpeftive times when the lame are by this Aft required to be paid as aforefaid, every fuch Perfon (hall be allowed as a Difcount for prompt Payment, a Sum out of fuch Duties as fuch Merchant, Importer or Dealer or other Perfon, (hall fo pay, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum, for fuch time as any Sum (hall be paid before the time when the fame is by this Aft required to be paid.

XVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That if any Merchant, Bayer of Win® Importer, Dealer or other Perfon who (hall be charged with the addi- not dctiireroi, tional Duties by this Aft impofed on any Wine in his or her Pofleffion, charged wuh (hall have fold or contrafted to fell any fuch Wine to any Perfon or ncw Dut>* Perfons, and (hall not have delivered the fame to the Buyer thereof,

then and in every fuch cafe the Buyer of the faid Wine (hall not be entitled to claim the Delivery of fuch Wine without firft paying the additional Duty which fuch Seller (hall have been charged with or paid for fuch Wine under the Provifions of this Aft.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That the feveral Rates and Duties sod Doties and Drawbacks in and by tliis Aft, and the Schedule P”^bac^ thereto annexed, granted and allowed, mentioned and fpecified; and

all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures under this Aft, (hall duties and be railed, levied, collected, paid and applied, in the fame manner, and Drawback*, under fuch Powers and Authorities, and by fuch ways and methods, and under fuch Rules and Direftions as are appointed, direfted and expnefled for the raifing, colle&ing, levying and paying and managing of Duties and Drawbacks payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, or for the levying and

applying





a3»

C.55.	53-GEO. III.	A.D. 1813.

applying any Fines,. Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an A6t of Parliament made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the 14 U15 Car. 2. Reign of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, intituled An (I.) Scir. 4. C. 8. jIq jor fettling the Excife or new Impojl upon His Majefty, bis Heirs and Succejfors, according to the Book of Rates therein inferted; or in and by an A6t made in the Forty fixth Year of His prefent 46 G.3. c. 106. Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to provide for the better Execution *c‘	of the fever at A8s relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things,

under the Management of the CnmmifRoners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, and of the CommiJfioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or in and by any other A& or A6U in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms and Excife, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame rowers and Authorities, Rules and Dire&ions, Penalties and Forfeitures, were Appeal.	herein	exprefTed and enafted, with the like remedy of Appeal to and

for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by tne faid A6t, paffed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, or in and by any other Ad or A&s as aforefaid is provided.

Continuance. XX. And be it further enafted, That this A6t (hall be and continue in force until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, and no longer.

Ad altered,Sec. XXI. And be it further ena&ed, That this A6t, or the Ads hereby continued, or any of them, may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Ad to be made in this prefent Seflion of Parliament.

SCHEDULE (A.)

ADDITIONAL DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on the Importation into Ireland of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein enumerated, not being the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from Ireland.

	Duty.	Drawback.
	£ /. d.	£ 1.d.
Tobacco, unmanufactured, the ioolbs. (being		
Sifter the Rate of id *4p*rlh.)	O 12 9;.	O 12 9|
Coffee, the Produce of any Country or Place		
whatever, the lb. -	O O I	OOI
Wine, the Tun of 252 Gallons, viz.		
—— French, imported in Shipping of the		
United Kingdom		33 *3 4	33 *3 4
—— 	 in Foreign Shipping -	34 5 10	34 5 >o
■■ ■ Rhenifh, Germany and Hungary Wines,		
imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom	12 15 2	12 15 2
	13 19 1	*3 >9 >
1 Wine, Madeira, imported in Shipping of the		
United Kingdom .....	8 6 7	867
	8 16 9	8 16 9
— — - Portugal, Spanifh and Canary Wines, and		
all Wines of the Dominions of Spain, and the		•
Wines of Sicily and Naples, and all other		. '

Wines

 CjOOQle

SCHEDULE [Pi.)—continued.

Wines not otherwise enumerated or defcribed, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

---- —.-	in	Foreign	Shipping

Almond* of ail Sorts, Cyder, Cloves, Cocoa Nuts, Corks ready made, Currants, Figs, Ginger, Hemp, Lemons and Oranges, Liquorice Ball or Juice, Liquorice Powder, Liquorice Root, Nutmegs, Oil of all Sorts, Pepper, Pimento, Raifins, Rice, Rolin, Turpentine, Vinegar or Verjuice, and Wax, for every jffioo of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Cuftoxns due and payable thereon, an additional Duty of

Drawback.

For every jffioo of the Produce and Amount of the Drawbacks of the Duties of Cuftoms allowed on the Exportation thereof, an additional Drawback of	-

Duty

£ 1.

d.

Drawback

£ s. d.

864	864

8 16 9	8 16 9

18 15 o

18 15 o

All other Goods, Wares and Merchandize (except Raw Silk, Salt, Tea, Sugar and Cotton Wool) for every ^ioo of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Cuftoms due and payable thereon, an additional Duty of Drawback.

For every ^ico of the Produce and Amount of the Drawbacks of the Duties of Cuftoms allowed on the Exportation thereof, an additional Drawback of	-	-

25 o o

*5 o 0 1

CAP. LVI.

An Aft to grant to His Majefty certain Duties of Excife in Ireland on Malt.	[3d June 1813.]

€ Moft Gracious Sovereign,

*	Your Majefty's moft dutiful and loyal Subjefts, the « W Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and

*	Ireland, in Parliament affembled, towards railing the neceflary 4 Supplies, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant 4 unto Your Majefty the Duties hereinafter mentionedAnd do moft humbly befeech Your Majefty that it may be enaded 5 and be it enafted by the King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of

the fame, That, within and through that Part of the United King- Duties on Mak. dom called Ireland, there (hall be granted, raifed, levied, collefted,

paid





Additional

Duty.

Duties.

Paid by MJter.

39&40G.3.

c. 67.

40G.3. (1.) c.68.

Countervailing Duties to be pa-d on Malt and Beer.

Drawback.

C.56.	53“GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

paid and fatisfied, unto and for the Ufe of Hi* Majefty, his Heir* and SuccefTors, the feveral Duties of Excife following ; that is to fay.

For and upon every Barrel of Malt which (hall have been, or (hall be in the Pofleffion of any Perfon in Ireland* at any time on or after the Seventeenth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and before the Expiration of Ten Days after the palling of this Ad : and which (hall have been charged or chargeable with the Duty payable thereon, under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland immediately before the palling of this Ad, a Duty of Three Shillings Britijh Currency* in addition to the Duty with which fuch Malt (ball have been fo charged or chargeable under any fuch Ad or Adis:

For and upon every Barrel of Malt ground or unground, which at any time or times from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the paffing of this Ad (hall be made of Barley or any other Corn or Grain in Ireland, by any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, whether the fame (hall be or (hail not be for Sale, the Sum of Thirteen Shillings Britijb Currency, and fo proportionably for any greater or lefs Quantity, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof . refpedively, in lieu of all Duty payable thereon, under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland immediately before the palling of this Ad.

‘ II. And whereas it is expedient, purfuant to the Provifions of ‘ the Ads for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, that in refped * of all increafed and additicmal Duties impofed on Malt made in /rr-‘ landy increafed Countervailing Duties (hould be charged upon Malt c and upon Beer or Ale made in Great Britain, refpedively imported c from thence into Ireland, fufficient to countervail the faid increafed ‘ and additional Duties ;* Be it therefore enaded, That, from and after the Seventeenth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, there (hall be charged on all fuch Malt, and on all fuch Beer or Ale, the Countervailing Duties following in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Countervailing Duties whatever, payable upon fuch Malt, or on fuch Beer or Ale, under or by virtue ot any Ad or Ads of Paliament in force in Ireland immediately before the palling of this Ad ; that is to fay.

For and upon every Barrel of Malt made in Great Britain, and imported dircdly from thence into Ireland, the Sum of Thirteen Shillings Britijh Currency:

For and upon every Barrel of Eeer or Ale, containing Thirty two Gallons, brewed or made in Great Britain, and imported fiom thence into Ireland, the Sum of Ten Shillings Britijh Currency:

And that upon the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain of any Malt, or of any Beer or Ale made or brewed in Ireland from Malt, on which the Duties payable under this Ad (hall have been fully paid aud fatisfied refpedively, there (hall be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duty hereby granted on Malt and on Beer or Ale made in Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland; and fuch Drawback (hall be in lieu of all Drawbacks payable by virtue of or under any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland immediately before the palling of this Ad, in refped of fuch Malt or Beer or Ale exported from Ireland to Great Britain.	'

14	III.	And





2\l

A.D.1313.	530 GEO. III.	C.5	6.

III.	And be it further enaded, That, in lieu and inftead of all former Drawbacks on Malt or on Beer or Ale made in Ireland, and exported to any other Place than Great Britain, there (hall be paid to every Perfon who (hall legally export from Ireland to any other Place than Great Britain, any Malt or any Strong Beer or Ale made or brewed in Ireland from Malt, on which the Duties pay able under this Ad (hall have been fully paid and fatisfied, the Drawbacks or Al* lowances following ; that js to fay,

For every Barrel of fuch Malt, the Sum of Thirteen Shillings Britijh Currency :

And for every Barrel of fuch Beer or Ale, the Sum of Ten Shillings Britijh Currency :

And all the faid Drawbacks (hall be paid by the Colledor of Inland Excife and Taxes of the Diftrid from which fuch Malt or Beer or Ale (hall be exported, out of any Money in his Hands, 011 fuch Certificate from the Colledor, Comptroller or other Chief Officer of the Port from whence the fame (hall be exported, as is required by an Ad made in the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to grant to His Majejly until the Fifth Day of July One thou [and eight hundred and eight, certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, into and from Ireland ; in cafe of Drawbacks on Exportation of Goods in refped of any internal Duty of Exoife paid thereon.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That the feveral Drawbacks or Allowances payable under any A6I or Ads in force, immediately before the paffing of this Ad, upon Malt or upon Beer or Ale exported from Ireland to Great Britain, or elfewhere, (hall continue to be paid and allowed on all Malt, and on all Beer or Ale fo exported, upon which the additional or increafcd Duty in refped whereof the increafed Drawbacks are given and allowed by this Ad, (hall not have been fully paid and fatisfied : Provided alfo, that the increafed Drawbacks and Allowances by this Ad made payable, (hall not be paid or allowed on any Malt, or on any Beer or Ale fo exported, unlefs the Perfons refpedively who (hall export fuch Malt, or Beer or Ale refpedively, (hall make Oath that the additional or increafed Duties on account of which fuch Drawbacks (hall be required refpedively, have been fully paid and fatisfied ; and (hall alfo perform all fuch Requifites, and comply with fuch Regulations and Reftridions as are or (hall be required to be performed and obferved by Perfons exporting any Article whereon any Drawback or Bounty is payable for obtaining the fame.

V.	And, in order to fecure the additional Duty of Three Shillings per Barrel On Malt impofed by this Ad, be it enaded, That any Officer or Officers of Excife in Ireland (hall and may take an Account of the juft and true Quantity of all Malt, whether ground or un-ground, in the Pofleffion of any Perfon in Ireland at any time on or after the Seventeenth Day of May, and on or before the Expiration of Ten Days after the palling of this Ad, in fuch manner as fuch Officer or Officers is or are now required by Law to take an Account of any Malt; and fuch Officer (hall make a Return or Report in 'Writing to the Colledor of the Diftrid in which fuch Perfon (hall refide, or in which his or her Malt Houfe or Stores (hall be fituated, of the juft and true Quantity of all fuch Malt, and of the Amount of

53 Geo. III.	R	the

Drawbacks on Malt or Beer allowed.

\

47 G.3. Sells. c.16.

Regulations for

obtaining

Drawback.

Oath.

Officer to take Account of Malt in Pof-feffion, and make a Return to Colledar.

*4*

Additional Duty

paid within One Month after

Charge made*

Neglecting Payment of Duty, fee-

Penalty.

Duties and Drawbacks how 1 tried and paid.

14 Sc 15 Car. ft. (I.) Stfl: 4.C. 8.

46 O. 3. c. 106. Ac.

Appeal

C. 56.	53* GEO. ni.	A.D.1813.

tbc additional Duties payable thereon under aod by virtue of this A&, over and above the Duty theretofore paid or payable thereon ; and fuch Return or Report (hall be a Charge on every fuch Perfon re-fpedively.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That all Perfons charged with the laid additional Duty on Malt (hall within One Calendar Month from the time they (hall be charged therewith, pay to the Colledor of the Diftrid all fuch Duty as (hall be due from them refoedively, for or on account of any fuch additional Duty, unlefs luch Malt (hall be fooner removed, in which cafe the faid additional Duty (hall be paid for all fuch Malt, before the fame (hall be removed, and before any Permit for removing or conveying the lame (hall be granted.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That every Perfon fo having Malt in his or her Poffeffion, who (hall not within the time aforefaid pay the additional Duty fo charged on all fuch Malt, or who (hall remove any fuch Malt without having paid or cleared the faid additional Duty, or in whofe Stock Account kept by any Officer of Ex-cife, there (hall appear to have been any Decreafe of fuch Malt, without having obtained from the proper Officer a Permit authorizing the Removal of fuch Malt fo deficient, (hall be liable to and (hall pay Double the Amount of fuch additional Duty chargeable on fuch Malt, and (hall alfo forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Offence.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That the feveral Duties and Drawbacks by this Ad granted and allowed and made payable, and all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Ad, (hall be railed, levied, colleded, paid, fued for, recovered and applied, in fuch manner and under fuch Powers and Authorities, and by fuch ways and methods, and according to fuch Rules and Diredions, and under fuch Penalties and Forfeitures as are appointed, direded and expreffed, for the railing, colleding, paying, levying, allowing and managing any Duties or Drawbacks, or for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Ad made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, intituled An AS for fettling the Excife or new Jmpofi upon His Majejly, his Heirs or SucceJforsy according to the Book of Rates therein infertedy or in and by an Ad made in the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to provide for the better Execution of the feveral ASs relating to the Revenuety Matters and Things9 under the Management of the CommiJJioners of Cufioms and Port Duties, and of the Commijponers of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or in or by any other Ad or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Cufioms and Excife, or either of them, as fully and effedually to all Intents and Purpofes at if the fame were herein expreffed and enaded, with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and bv the laid recited Ad made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, or any other Ad or Ads as aforefaid is provided; and that all and every Ad and Ads in force in Ireland relating to the Duties of Excife on Malt, and all Powers, Rules and Regulations, Penalties, Claufes, Matters and Things therein contained, (hall extend and be conftrued to extend to the railing, levying and colleding the new and additional Duties by this Ad granted on Malt, as fully and effedually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were repeated and re-enaded in this Ad.

IX. And





A.D.1813.	53°GEO.ni.	C.t;6,57.	243

IX.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft may be altered, A& altered, &c. amended or repealed by any A& or Afts to be made in this prefent Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. LVII.

An Aft to grant to His Majefty certain Duties of Excife in Ireland on Tobacco.	[3d	June 1813.]

* Mod Gracious Sovereign,

*	XX7'E, Your Majefty*8 moil dutiful and loyal Subjefts, the 4 Y V Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and

*	Ireland\ in Parliament aftembled, towards raifing the neceflary

*	Supplies, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant 4 unto Your Majefty the Duties hereinafter mentioned;’ And do moft humbly befeech Your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted t>y the King’s Molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That within and through that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, there (hall be raifed, levied, col-lefted, paid and fatisfied, unto and for the Ufe of His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeftors, the feveral Duties of Excife following; that is to fay9

For and upon every Pound Weight of unmanufa&ured Tobacco Addhiosst which at any time or times on or after the Seventeenth Day of May Duty.

One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and before the Expiration of Ten Days after the palling of this Aft, flial1 have been or (hall be in the Cuftody or Pofleffion of any Mannfafturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco in Ireland^ and which (hall have been charged or chargeable with the Excife Duty payable thereon under or by virtue of any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland immediately before the palling of this Aft, an Excife Duty of Four pence in Addition to the Duty of Excife with which the fame (hall have been fo charged or chargeable under any fuch Aft or Afts :

For and upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco which at any Duties, time or times after tne Expiration of Ten Days after the palling of this Aft, (hall be delivered out of any of His Majefty’s Warehouses, or out of the Cuftody of any Officer or Officers of the Coftoms for Manufafture in Ireland\ an Excife Duty of One Shilling and Eleven pence, and fo in Proportioa for any greater or lefter Quantity, and to be charged on and paid by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame (hall be delivered for Manufafture at the time when the faid Tobacco (hall be fo delivered out of Warehoufe; which laid Excife Duty (hall be in lieu and full Satisfaftion of all Duties of Excife granted on fucb Tobacco by any former Aft or Afts of Parliament in force in Ireland.

* II. And whereas it is expedient, purfuant to the Provifions of the 39 Sc 40 0.3.

*	Afts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, that in refpeft of c6 ?

*	the increased and additional Duties impofed on Tobacco imported 4°G*|.(U c*3*«

*	into and mauufaftured in Ireland, increased Countervailing Duties

*	(hould be charged upon Tobacco and Snuff, tbe Growth, Produce

*	or Manufafture of Great Britain, imported from thence into 4 Ireland, fufficient to countervail the faid increafed and additional

1 Duties Be it therefore enafted. That, from and after the Seven* CauBtcrvaTmi • •	Ri	teenth	Duuttjwidon

Tob.icco and SuufF.

Dutie* on T oU.cco.

Duties cn Snuff.

Drawback.

Drawback

allowed.

C.;7.	53*	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

teenth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, there /hall be charged an all fuch Tobacco and Snuff, the Countervailing Duties following, in lieu and full Satisfadion of all Countervailing Duties whatfoever, payable upon fuch Tobacco or Snuff, under or by virtue of any A 61 or Ads of Parliament in force in Ireland\ immediately before the pafTing of this Ad ; that is to fay,

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of unmanufadurcd Tobacco, the Growth or Produce of Great Britain, the Sum of Two Shillings and Eight pence :

For and upon every Pound Weight of Brilijh manufadured Short Cut Tobacco, or Tobacco manufadured into what is commonly called or known by the Name of Sfani/h, the Sum of Two Shillings and Eight pence:

For and upon every Pound Weight of ^r/z/^-manufaditred Shag Tobacco cut, the Sum of Two Shillings and Four pence :

For and upon every Pound Weight of 2?r//^£-manufadurcd Roll Tobacco, the Sum of Two Shillings and Eight pence :

For and upon every Pound Weight of 2?ri/f/&-manufadured Carrot Tobacco, the Sum of Two Shillings and Four pence:

For and upon every Pound Weight of every other Sort of Britijh* manufadured Tobacco not hereinbefore enumerated or defcribed, tfye Sum of Two Shillings and Eight pence:

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Britijb-manu-dadured Rappee Snuff, the Sum of Two Shillings and Two peq.ce : For and upon every Pound Weight of £>riV£/$-manufadurea Snuff called Scotch Snuff\ the Sum of Three Shillings ?nd Four pence : For and upon every Pound Weight of 2?W///£-manufadured Snuff called Brown Scotch Snuff, the Sum of Two Shillings and One Penny • For and upon every round Weight of 2?/7/£/&-manufadured Stalk Flour, the Sum of Three Shillings and Two pence :

For and upon every Pound Weight of every other Sort or Kind of i?ri/Oi&-manufadured Snuff or Snuff Work, not hereinbefore enumerated or defcribed, the Sum of Three Shillings and Four pence: And that upon the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain of any* Tobacco or Snuff, the Growth, Produce or Manufadure of Ireland, there (hall be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duty hereby granted on Tobacco and Snuff, the Growth, Produce or Manufadure of Great Britain refpedively, and imported from thence into Ireland; and fuch Drawbacks fhali be in lieu of all Drawbacks payable by virtue of or under any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland immediately before the palling of this Ad in re-fped of fuch Tobacco or Snuff exported from Ireland to Great Britain•

III. And be it further enaded. That in lieu and inftead of all former Drawbacks on Tobacco or jSnuff manufadured in Ireland and exported to any other Place than Great Britain, there /hall be allowed upon all Tobacco mamtfa&ured in Ireland, which fhaU be fo exported, as au increafed Drawback or Compenfatjon for the Duty by Law charged and paid on Import of the Leaf Tobacco whereof it hath been manufadured, and for the Excife Duty charged thereon by Law, the Sum of Two Shillings aod Three pence for every Pound Weight of fuch manufadured Tobacco; and which faid Drawback or Allowance (hall be paid by the Colledor of Inland Excife and Taxes of the Di/brid from .which f#ch To^co .or Snuff (hall be ex-

A	>	ported,

245

A.D.i8i3’	53* GEO. III.	C.57.

ported, out of any Money in his Hands, on fuch Certificate from the fcolleftor, Comptroller or other Chief Officer of the Port from whence the fame (hall be exported, as is required by an Aft made in the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty's Reign, intituled An 47 G. 3. Sc(T 2. A3 to grant to HU MajeJIy until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand c* eight hundred and eight, certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandise into and from Ireland, in cafe of Drawbacks on Exportation of Goods in refpeft of any internal Duty of Excife paid thereon.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That the Drawbacks or Regulation'Tor Allowances payable under any Aft or A6ts in force immediately obtiir.ing Draw-before the paffing of this Aft, upon Tobacco and Snuff exported

from Ireland to Great Britain or elfewhere, (hall continue to be paid and allowed on all Tobacco and Snuff fo exported, upon which the additional or increafed Duty in refpeft whereof the increafed Drawbacks or Allowances are given and allowed by this Aft, (hall not have been fully paid and fatisfied: Provided alfo, that the increafed Drawback and Allowance by this Aft made payable, (hall not be paid or allowed on any Tobacco or Snuff fo exported unlcfs the Perfons ho (hall export fuch Tobacco or Snuff refpeftively (hall make Oath that the additional or increafed Duty on account of which fuch Drawback (hall be required has been fully paid and fatisfied, and (hall alfo perform all fuch Requifites and comply with fuch Regulations and Reflriftions as are or (hall be required to be performed and obferved by Perfons exporting any Article whereon any Drawback or Bounty is payable for obtaining the fame.

V.	And be it further enafted, That the faid additional Excife OfFcrr to make Duty of Four pence per Pound Weight impend by this Aft on Returns to C«iU Unrtiaatlfafturcd Tobacco, (hall be payable on all unmanufaftured le^«v efunm*. Tobacco which (hall have been in the Hands of any Manufaftiirer or Manufafturers, or other Perfon or Perfons in Ireland, at any time on

or after the faid Seventeenth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and before the Expiration of Ten Days after the palling of this Aft, and (hall be a Charge on fuch Manufafturer or Manufafturers, or on the Perfon or Perfons taking or having taken fuch Tobacco out of any of His Majcdy's Warehoufes, or out of the Cuflody of any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms, from the time when fuch Tobacco or any Part thereof (hall have been or (hall be fo taken out, and the Surveyors, Guagers or other Officers of the Revenue, who (hall be thereto duly authorized or required by the Commifiionera of Inland Excife and Taxes, (hall, within One Calendar Month after the paffing of this Aft, make Returns or Reports in Writing to the Corfeftors in their refpeftive Diftrifts, of fuch additional Duty as (hall have then become due and payable by virtue of this Aft, and of the Perfons chargeable therewith in fuch Didrift refpeftively, and fuch Returns or Reports fhall be a Charge on all fuch Perfons, and fuch Duty (hall be paid by fuch Perfons to the Colleftor of Excife of the Diftrift, within Seven Days after any fuch Return or Report, or in Default thereof all fuch Tobacco fhall be forfeited, and may be feized, and every ManufaftUrer or Perfon who (hall make Default m the Payment of fuch Duty, (hall, for eveiy foch Default, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and Double the Amount of Duty with which fuch Ferfon (hall be changed as afore faid.

R 3	VI.	Pro-



In what cafe Tobacco not charged with Duty.

Permit Officer to grant Certificate if required of Tobacco removed ro Sccck of any Manu-fedurer, See.

Duties and

Drawbacks how levied and paid.

X4& 15 Car.». (I.) oefr.4. c, 8.

46 G. 3. c. 106.

fcc.

Appeal

■X

. VI. Provided always* and be it enabled, That no umnafiufa&ured Tobacco (hall be charged with the faid additional Duty of Four pence by this Aft impofed, which (hall have been aftually taken out of the original Package for the Purpofe of manufafturing the fame, at any time before the faid Seventeenth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, although fuch Tobacco may not have been fully manufactured on that Day.

VII.	And be it further enafted. That every Excife Permit Officer who at any time on or after the faid Seventeenth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and before the Expiration of Ten Days after the paffing of this Aft, (hall have granted any Excife Fermit or Permits for the Removal of any Tobacco delivered out of any of His Majefty’s Warehoufes, or out of the Cuftody of any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms into the Stock of any Manufacturer or other Perfon, (hall on Demand by any Surveyor or Guager, or other Officer requiring the fame, grant a Certificate in Writing under the Hand of fuch Excife Permit Officer, fpecifying the Quantity of Tobacco fo removed into the Stock of fuch Manufacturer or other Perfon, on or after the faid Seventeenth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and before the Expiration of Ten Days after the paffing of this Aft, under or by virtue of fuch Permit or Permits, and fuch Certificate (hall be granted to any fuch Surveyor, Guager or other Officer requiring the fame, by fuch Excife Permit Officer without any Fee or Reward whatfo-ever, and fuch Certificate of fuch Excife Permit Officer when verified upon Oath before the Commiffionert of Inland Excife and Taxes, or before any Perfon by them authorized for that Purpofe, (hall be conclufive Evidence againft the Manufafturer or other Perfon into whofe Stock fuch Tobacco (hall have been delivered under fuch Permit, whereby to charge fuch Manufafturer or Perfon with the additional Duty of Four pence per Pound on fuch unmanufaftured Tobacco granted by this Aft.

VIII.	And be it further enafted. That the feveral Duties and Drawbacks by this Aft granted, allowed and made payable, and all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Aft, (hall be railed, levied, col-lefted, paid, fued for, recovered and applied in fuch manner, and under fuch Powers and Authorities, and by fuch ways and methods, and according to fuch Rules and Direftions, and under fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, direfted and expreffed for the raifing, collefting, paying, levying, allowing and managing any Duties and Drawbacks, or for the recovering of any Penalties or Forfeitures, in and by an Aft made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, intituled An A3 for fettling the Excife or new Impoft upon His Mayfly , his Heirs and Succejfors, according to the Book of Rates therein infer ted) or in and by an Aft made in the Forty fixth Y ear of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to provide for the better Execution of the feveral Ads relating to tbs Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commif/ioncrs of Inland Excife c\nd Taxes in Ireland, or in and by any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms and Excife, or either of them, as fully and effeftually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were herein expreffed and enafted, with the like remedy of Appeal to and fbt the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by tne laid recited Aft of the

10	Fourteenth



*47

A.D.1813*	53#GEO.	HI.	C.57,58.

Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majefty King Charles the Secoud, or any other Ad or Ads as aforelaid is provided; and that all and every Ad and Ads in force in Ireland, relating to the Duties of Excife on Tobacco, and all Powers, Rules and Regulations, Penalties, Claufes, Matters and Things therein contained, mall extend and be conltrued to extend, to the raifing, levying and colleding the new and additional Duties by this Ad granted on Tobacco, as fully and effedually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enaded in this Ad.

[Duties and Drawbacks paid in Britijb Currency r.73. poft*"\

CAP. LVIII.

An A& to repeal certain Rates and Duties upon Letters and Packets fent by the Poll from or to Dublin, to or from the fereral Poll Towns in Ireland, and to grant other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof; and to make further Regulations for fecuring the Duties on Letters and Packets fent by the Poll in Ireland.	[3d June 1813.]

4 Moft Gracious Sovereign,

1 YX7HEREAS it is expedient to alter the Rates and Duties now 43 G.j.c.sS.

4 VV in force on the Poftage and Conveyance of Letters and J0G.3.C.74.

‘ Packets fent by the Poft, fo far as relates to the Rates from Dublin

•	to the feveral Poft Towns in Ireland, and from the feveral Poft

*	Towns in Ireland to Dublin ; and to grant other Rates and Duties

4 in lieu thereof :* May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded 5 and be it enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after Rates of Poftsg* the Expiration of Tea Days after the palling of this Ad, all and no* **> force to fingular the Rates and Duties now in force upon or for the Portage,	^

Poftage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Poft from t^nh?lie* Dublin to the feveral Poft Towns in Ireland, and from the feveral Poft thereof.

Towns in Ireland to Dublinf (hall ceafe and determine; and that, from

and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the palling of this Ad, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the Poftmafter or Poftmafters General of Ireland for the time being, and his or their Deputy or Deputies, Servants and Agents, to and for the Ufe of His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflors, to demand, have, receive and take for the Portage, Poftage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets which he or they lhall convey, carry or fend Poft from the General Poft Office in Dublin to the feveral Poft Towns in Ireland, or from the feveral Poft Towns in Ireland to the General Poft Office in Dub-/i», according to the feveral Rates and Sums of Money Irijb Currency hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay,

For the Port and Conveyance ot every Single Letter or Piece of Rats*.

Paper, where the Diftance of the Poft Town to or from which fuch Letter or Piece of Paper lhall be fent, lhall not exceed Ten Miles Irifb Meafure from the Poft Office in Dublin, the Sura of Two pence:

Where fuch Diftance lhall exceed Ten Miles, and lhall not exceed Twenty Miles, the Sum of Three pence:

R 4	Where





13 & 44 O. J. (I.) £.17.

Regulations for preventing Persons not legally authorized from carrying letters and Packets.

C. 58.	530	GEO.	III.	A.D.	1813.

Where fuch Diftance (hall exceed Twenty Miles, and (hall not exceed Thirty Miles, the Sum of Four pence :

Where fuch Diftance (ball exceed Thirty Miles, and (hall not exceed Forty Miles, the Sum of Five pence:

Where fuch Difiance (hall exceed Forty Miles, and (hall not exceed Fifty Miles, the Sum of Six pence :

Where fuch Diftance fhall exceed Fifty Miles, and fhall not exceed Sixty Miles, the Sum of Seven pence :

Where fuch Diftance fhall exceed Sixty Miles, and fhall not exceed Eighty Miles, the Sum of Eight pence :

Where fuch Diftance (hall exceed Eighty Miles, and (hall not exceed One hundred Miles, the Sum of Nine pence :

And where fuch Diftance (hall exceed One hundred Miles, the Sum of Ten pence :

And for the Port and Conveyance of every Double Letter, Double the faid Sums refpe&ively :

And for every Treble Letter, Treble the faid Sums refpe&ively : And for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding One Ounce in Weight, Four times the faid Sums refpe&ively, and fo in Proportion for any greater Weight than One Ounce, reckoning every Quarter of an Ounce equal to a Single Letter.

4 II. And whereas an A6t was pafled in the Parliament of Ireland 4 in the Twenty third and Twenty fourth Years of His prefent 4 Majefty’s Reign, for cftablifhing a Poft Office within Ireland, and 4 the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures therein and thereby inflicted 4 and made recoverable againft all Perfons whatfoever, or Bodies 4 Politic (other than fuch Poftmafler General as (hould from time 4 to time be nominated and appointed as in the faid Ad is meutioned,

4 and his Deputies, Servants or Agents), carrying, conveying or 4 delivering any Letters or Packets by Sea or Land, or on any Rive?

4 or Canal within Ireland, are found to be totally inadequate to put a 4 flop to or check the Conveyance of Letters and Packets by Perfons 4 not duly or legally authorized thereto, by which the Duties arifing * from the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets fent by 4 the Poft in Ireland are greatly injured and diminifhed Be it therefore enabled, That no Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, or Body Politic or Corporate, in any Part of Ireland, other than fuch Poftmafter General as (hall from time to time be nominated and appointed as in the faid recited Ad of the Twenty third and Twenty fourth Years aforefaid is mentioned, and his Deputy or Deputies, Servants or Agents, or other Perfons ading under the faid recited Ad, (hall receive, take up, order, difpatch, carry or recarry, convey or deliver, any Letter or Packet (other than as in the faid recited Ad is excepted), or make any Colledion of Letters or Packets, or fet up or employ any Foot Poft, Horfe Poft, Stage Coach, Packet Boat or other Carriage, VefTel or Boat, or other Perfon or Perfons, Conveyance or Conveyances whatfoever, for the icceiving, taking up, ordering, difpatching, carrying, recarrying or conveying, or delivering, any Letter or Packet, by Sea or by Land* or on any River or Canal, or in any Stage Coach, Diligence or Public Carriage or Conveyance whatfoever, within Ireland, whereby or by means whereof any Letter or Letters, or Packet of Letters, fhajl be colle&ed, received, taken up, ordered, difpatchcd, conveyed,

earned.





A D.i8i3-	53°	GEO.	III.	C.58.	2

carried, recarried or delivered by Sea or Land, or on any River or Canal, or in any Stage Coach, Diligence or Public Carriage within Ireland (other than as before excepted), on Pain of forfeiting the Sum penalty, of Ten Pounds for every OfFence againlt the Tenor of this prefent A6t, on being thereof convided by the Oath of One credible Witneffl before any Juflice of the Peace, which Oath any Juftice is hereby empowered to adminifter, and alfo the Sum of One hundred Founds for every Week that any Offender again ft this Ad fhall receive, take up, order, difpatch, convey, carry, recarry or deliver, or be in the Habit of receiving, taking up, ordering, difpatching, conveying, carrying, recarrying or delivering any Letter or Letters, or Packet of Letters, by Sea or Land, or on any River or Canal, or in any Stage Coach, Diligence or Public Carriage and Conveyance what-foever within Ireland (other than as before excepted) ; or (hall fet up, continue or employ any Foot Poft, Horfe Pod, Stage Coach,

Diligence or other Public Coach or Conveyance, Driver or Packet Boat, or other VefTel or Boat, or any Pcrfon or Perfons, Conveyance or Conveyances whatfoever, for the receiving, taking up, ordering, difpatching, conveying, carrying, recarrying or delivering, of any Letter or Packet of Letters, by Sea or by Land, or by any Stage Coach, Diligence or Public Carriage or Conveyance, or on any River or Canal within Ireland as aforefaid; and that it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Poftmafler General of Ireland, as {hail from time to time be nominated as aforefaid, and his Deputy or Deputies,

Servants or Agents ading under his Authority, at all times between Sun-rife and Sun-fet, to enter all Houfes, Buildings, Carriages, Boats VefTels and Conveyances whatfoever, and to lcarch for all fuch Letters and Packets as upon Information given on Oath before a Magiftrate, he or they may have reafon to iufped fhall be illegally carried, conveyed or contained therein ; and that if any Perfon or Perfons driving any fuch Carriages and Conveyances, or navigating fuch VefTcIs or Boats, or the Proprietors thereof refpedively, or the Owners or Inhabitants of any fuch Houfes or Buildings, (hall negled or refufe to admit fuch Poftmafter General, his Deputies,

Servants or Agents, ever)' fuch Perfon fo negleding or refilling as aforefaid, on being thereof convidcd by the Oath of One credible Witnefs, before any Juflice of the Peace, which Oath any Juftice is hereby empowered to adminifter, fhall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, Penalty.

One Moiety of each and every of which Penalties fhall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety fhall be paid and payable to the faid Poftmafter General or his Deputy or Treafurer, in Trufl for His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors ; and if the faid Fines refpedively fhall not be forthwith paid on Convidion, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch Juflice to commit fuch Offender to the Houfe of Corredion,	,

there to remain and be confined to hard Labour for any time not ^ exceeding Twenty one Days, nor lefs than Fourteen Days, unlefs fuch Penalty or Forfeiture fhall be fooner paid.

III. And be it further enaded. That the faid Rates and Duties Rates how hereby granted fhall be paid and payable in Irijh Currency, and fhall levied, be raifed, levied, colleded, managed, recovered and applied under fuch and the like Powers and Authorities, Rules, Regulations and Reftridions, Penalties and Forfeitures, and fubjeCt to the like Pro-vifions. Exemptions and Exceptions and Privileges, as are mentioned, expreffed and contained in an Ad made in the Forty third Year of 430.3. c 28.

the



2$o	C.5$,59.	53GEO.HL	A.D.1813.

the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for fronting to His Majefty certain Rates and Duties upon Letters and Packets fent Sy

50 G 3. e. 74. the Pqft within Ireland 5 and alfo in an A d made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 to grant to Pfis Majejly certain additional Duties upon Letters and Packets fent by the Poft within Ireland, or in any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland relating to the Rates and Duties on Letters and Packets fent by the Poft within Ireland ; and that all and every the Claufes, Matters and Things in the faid recited Ads of the Forty third and Fiftieth Year* aforelaid, mentioned, exprefted and contained, or in any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland relating to the Rates and Duties of Poflage* (hall be applied and extended, and (hall be conftrued to apply and extend to this prefent Ad, fave only fo far as refpeds the Amount, of Duties under the faid Ads, or any of them, and fave and except fo far as the faid Ads, or any of them, are altered or repealed by this Ad.

A& altered, See. IV. And be it further enaded, That this Ad may be altered* amended or repealed by any Ad to be made in this prefent Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. LIX.

An Ad to grant to His Majefty certain Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in refped of Carriages, Horfes, Male Servants and Windows, in lieu of former Duties and Taxes in refped of the like Articles.	[3d	June 1813.3

* Moft Gracious Sovereign,

*	TT7E, Your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subieds, tbe

*	W Commons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament ‘ aftembled, towards raifing the neceffary Supplies, have freely and

*	voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto Your Majefty the € Duties and Taxes hereinafter mentioned ;* And do moft humbly befeech Your Majefty that it may be enaded 5 and be it enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame*

After Jan 5, That, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight 1814, Duties on hundred and fourteen, there (hall be raifed, levied, colleded and paid Carnagcs/tc. unto His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeftors, upon and in refped of dule paidta lieu t^ie ^evera^ Carriages, Horfes, Male Servants and Windows, men* of folrner tioned, fpecified and exprefted in the Schedule to this Ad annexed* Duties.	the feveral Sums of Money, Rates, Duties and Taxes as they are re-

fpedively defcribed and let forth in the faid Schedule, and the faid Schedule and all the Exceptions, Exemptions and Regulations therein fpecified and contained, (hall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Ad, to all Intents and Purpofes whatever; and the faid Duties and Taxes (hall be in lieu and inftead and in full Satisfadkm of all Duties and Taxes granted upon or in refped of the like Articles 4$ G. 3. e.41, and Things in and by an Ad made in the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to grata to His Majefty certain Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in refheQ of Carriages, Dogst Fire Hearths, Horfesy Male Servants and Windows, in lieu of former Duties and Taxes in re[be3 of the like Articles > or by any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland at the time of the pamng of this Ad,

except



a* i

A.D.1813.	530 GEO. HI.	C.	59.

except only fuch Doties as have been or (hall or may be granted or impofed for certain local Purpofes in Ireland, by any Ad or Ads of Parliament, and which Duties are or may be appropriated to fuch local Purpofes by the Ads by which the laid Duties are or (hall be granted 6r impofed refpedively, or by any other Ad or Ads.

II.	And be it further enaded, That all Duties and Taxes upon Duties on Car. Carriages, Horfes, Male Servants and Windows, under and by virtue riages, &c. under of the faid recited Ad of the Forty eighth Year, or any Schedule 48 G.3.C 41. thereto annexed, (hall, from and after the Fifth Day of January One

thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, ceafe and determine; any thing 4n# ** in the faid recited Ad to the contrary notwithftanding; except the Exception. Duties under the faid Ad, and the Schedule thereto annexed, to be Coachmakers, paid by Coachmakers or Makers of Carnages chargeable with Duty, ** made, built or conftruded by fuch Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages for Sale, or on Carriages fold by any Perfon in Ireland, by Audion or on Commiffion, which Duties (hall continue payable, and (hail be paid by fuch Coachmakers and Perfons felling fuch Carriages, for and in refped of any Carriages chargeable with Duty under this Ad ; and alio except the Du tv on Race Horfes, which Race Horfes, (hall continue to be payable under the (aid recited Ad, and the Schedule thereto annexed ; and alfo except the Duties in refped of Clerks, Book-keepers, Office Keepers and Shopmen, which (hall Clerks, An continue to be payable under the faid recited Ad and the Schedule thereto annexed ; and alfo except fo far as relates to any Duties or Arrears of Duties on Carriages, Horfes, Male Servants and Windows, incurred or to be incurred before the faid Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, and any Fines and Penalties relating thereto refpedively.

III.	And be it further enaded. That all the Rates, Duties and Duties paid in Taxes by this Ad and the Schedule hereunto annexed, granted and BritiOi Car-made payable, (hall be paid and payable, and received ana receivable, Jf** according to the Amount thereof in Britijh Currency ; and that all f^/*4**1 and every the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes granted by this Ad, the

necefTary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame being deduded, (hall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland ; and that the Sum of Six pence in the Pound, and Application of all other Fees which (hall or may be payablp to the Lord High certain Fee*

Treafurer or Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Teafurer of Ireland, Clerk of the Pells, or any other Officer of the Treafury of Ireland, upon iffiuing or Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money out of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland, (hall be carried to the faid Confolidated Fund, in Aid and Addition to the Duties hereby granted, and (hall be accounted for accordingly.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the feveral Rates, Duties Doties ho* and Taxes by this A61, and the Schedule hereunto annexed, granted levied, and made payable, (hall be under the Management of the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, and (hall be railed, levied, colle&ed, paid and fued for and recovered in the fame manner,

and under fuch rowers and Authorities, and by fuch ways and methods, and according to fuch Rules and Dire&ions, and under fuch Penalties and Forfeitures as are appointed, dire&ed and exprefled for the railing, colle&ing, levying, paying and managing of the like Rates, Duties and Taxes, in and by Two feveral A&s made in the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, and 4y o. 3. Se£ x.

with cc.18.a1.





C.59-

53“ GEO III.

A.D.I813.

14* X5 Car. 1. (t) tefll 4. c.8.

Carriages, Horfes and

Male Servants, additional Duty for every IOoL of Amount of Duty under c. 42.

with the like Powers and Authorities as are given in and by an A& made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Ye irsof the Reign of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, intituled An A3 for the fettling the Excife or new Impojl upon His Majejly, his Heirs and Succejfors, according to the Book of Rates therein inf rted ; or in and 3. c.ioC. by an A<Sl made in the Forty fixth Year of His piefent Majefty** Reign, intituled An A3 to provide for the letter Execution of the feveral A3s relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commiffoners of Cufloms and Por\ Duties, and of the Commiffoners of Inland Excife ana Taxes in Irelind, or in or by any other Adi or Adis in force in Ireland relating 1.0 the Revenues under the Management of the Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, as fully and efledtually to all Inter ts and Purpofes as if the fame Rules and Diredlions, Penalties and Forfeitures were herein exprefted and enabled, except only fo far as the fame are altered or repealed by this prefent Adi, with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the faid Adis or any of them is or may be provided.

V. And be it further enadted, That tor the Year beginning on the Sixth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and ending on the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, there fhall be charged, raifed, levied, collected and paid unto His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeftors, over and above all Rates, Duties and Taxes charged or chargeable or paid or payable upon and in refpedl of the feveral Carriages, Horfes and Male Servants reipe&ively. deferibed and fet forth in an Adi made in the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to grant to His Majejly certain Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in refped of Carriages, Dogs, Fire Hearths, Horfes, Male Servants and Windows, in lieu of former Duties and Taxes in refpeB of the like Articles, and in the Schedule to the faid Adi annexed, under and by virtue of the faid A£t, and the Schedule thereto annexed, an additional Rate, Tax or Duty of One fourth Part, being after the Rate of Twenty five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Rates, Taxes or Duties payable upon or in refpedt of fuch Carriages, Horfes and Male Servants refpedtively, under or by virtue of the laid recited Adi, or the Schedule thereto annexed, or by any other Adi or Adis in force in Ireland at the time of the palling of this Adi; and that for of Win- ^le Year beginning the faid Sixth Day of January One thoufand Sirs addition 1 eight hundred and thirteen, and ending the faid Fifth Day of Duty of 251. for January One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, there fhau alfo be charged, raifed, levied, colledled and paid unto His Majefty, his q “ty Heirs and Succeftors, over and above all Rates, Taxes and Duties charged or chargeable or paid or payable on Houfes in Ireland, in refpcdl of the Windows or Lights therein, under and by virtue of the faid recited A61 of the Forty eighth Year aforefaid, or of any Schedule annexed to the faid A£l, or under or by virtue of an A& made in the Fiftieth Year of His prefent Majcfty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to grant to His Majejly an additional Duty on Dwelling Houfes in Ireland, in rcfpe3 of the Windows or Lights therein, the Rates and Duties hereinafter deferibed and fet forth ; that is to fay.

For and out of every Tenement or Dwelling Houfe in Ireland\ having mpre than Six Windows or Lights therein, an additional Rate, Tax or Duty of One fourth Part, being after the Rate of

Twenty

C.4*. and

I0O.3.C.7 5.



*53

A.D.iii3-

53" GEO. m.

Twenty fire Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Rates, Taxes or Duties payable on fuch Houfes, in refjpeft of the Windows or Lights therein, under the faid recited Aft of the Forty eighth Year aforefaid, or any Schedule thereto annexed ; and alfo a like additional Rate, Tax or Duty of One fourth Part, being after the Rate of Twenty five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duties payable on fuch Houfes in refpeft of the Windows or Lights therein, under or by virtue of the faid recited Aft of the Fiftieth Year aforefaid, or under or by virtue of any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland immediately before the palling of this Aft.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That any Officer or Officers How Duties appointed by or afting under the Orders and Directions of the ckjrged»*d Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland to colleft or lcvie<h fuperintend the Colleftion of the faid Rates and Taxes, or any of them, (hall charge every Perfon in Ireland, who hath been or is or fhall be charged or chargeable with, or who hath paid or (hall pay any Rates and Duties on Carriages, Dogs, Horfes or Male Servants, or on Houfes having more than Six Windows or Lights therein, in refpeft of the Windows or Lights therein, for the Year beginning on the Sixth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and ending the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, under or by virtue of the faid recited Afts of the Forty

*	eighth and Fiftieth Years aforefaid, with a further and additional Rate,

Tax and Duty of One fourth Part, being after the Rate of Twenty five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of all fuen Rates, Taxes and Duties, as (hall have been or (hall be charged or chargeable on, and as lhall have been or fhall be paid by any fuch Perfon or Perfons refpeftively in or for the laid Year, under any Aft or Afts in force immediately before the patting of this Aft; and fuch further or additional Charge (hall be made by the faid Officers

at the time when the Charge of the new Rates, Duties and Taxes on	,

Carnages, Dogs, Horfes or Male Servants, or in refpeft to fuch Houfes as aforefaid granted by this Aft fhall be made on fuch Perfons by fuch Officers for the Year beginning on the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, and ending on the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen ; and the faid further and additional Rates, Taxes and Duties for the faid Year ending on the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, (hall be paid by the Parties charged therewith, at the fame time and in fuch manner as the Rates, Taxes and Duties chargeable and payable for the Year ending the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, (hall be payable ; and with all fuch and the Tike Powers and Remedies for recovering and levying the fame, as are given for the recovering and levying any fuch Rates,

Taxes or Duties under or by virtue ot an Aft made in the Forty 47 G3. SsfTi. feventh Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to c. ax. provide for regulating and fecuring the Colledion of certain Rates and

*	Taxes in Ireland, in refped of Dwelling Houfes, Fire Hearths%

Windows, Male Servants, Horfes, Dogs and Carriages, or under or by virtue of any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland\ relating to the faid Rates, Taxes and Duties, or any of them.

SCHEDULE

53® GEO. m.

A.D.1813.

254	C.59.

SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.

SCHEDULE of Duties payable in Ireland on the feveral Articles, Matters and Things therein mentioned.

COACHES and CARRIAGES.

CARRIAGES with Four Wheels; videlicet,

For and upon every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Calafli or Chaife with Four Wheels, not exempt by Law, which any Perfon (hall keep or have in his or her Poffeflion at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Fifth Day of January following, the yearly Sum of -

And m all cafes for every additional Body fuc-ceflively ufed on the fame Carriage or Number of Wheels, the further yearly Sum of

Rate for each Carriage.

jC. /. J.

10 10 o

4 4°

CARRIAGES with lefs than Four Wheels; videlicet,

For and upon every Curricle or other Carriage, drawn by Two Horfes abreaft, the yearly Sum of And for every additiQnal Body fucceflively ufed op the fame Carriage or Number of Wheels, the further yearly Sum of	-

For and upon every Chaife not otherwife charged, nor exempt by Law, the yearly Sum of For ana upon every Car made ufe of, and fitted up for carrying Perfons commonly known by the Name of a Jaunting Car or Pleafure Car, and for and upon every Carriage or Vehicle made ufe of as a Jaunting Car or Pleafure Car, by whatever Name fuch Carriage or Vehicle may be called, the yearly Sum of For and upon every Chaife, Jaunting Car or Pleafure Car, drawn by Two or more Horfes not being abreaft, the yearly Sum of

900

300

S 5 o

220

660

EXEMPTIONS.

Stage Coaches, Hackney Coaches, Hackney Chaifes and Coaches, and Chaifes and other Carriages kept for Hire, except fuch as (hall be kept for Hire by any Perfon letting out Horfes to travel Poft, or by the Mile, who (hall charge, demand or receive a higher Rate of Payment for drawing any Carriage fubjeft to Duty by this A&, travelling Poft by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, than fuch Perfon charges for his or her own Carriage of the lame Denomination travelling Poft in like manner.

Carriages kept for Sale, for which a Duty of One Pound or Tea Shillings (hall have been paid by the Maker thereof.

HORSES.

A.D.i8i3>

53* GEO. II!.

*JS

C- 59-

HORSES.

For all Horfes, Mares, Geldings or Mules, which any Perfon or Perfons (hall have or keep at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Fifth Day of January in the Year following, for the Purpofe of Riding, or for the Purpofe of Drawing any Carriage whatever chargeable with Duty (except Carnages kept for Hire, in cafes where fuch Carriages (hall be fo chargeable), the feveral yearly Sums following ; that is to fay.

.			£	/.	J.
For One fuch Horfe, Mare, Gelding or	Mule	•	I	IO	0
Two, each		m	2	o	0
Three, each -		m	2	IO	0
Four, each		_	3	o	0
Five, each			3	5	0
Six, each		.	3	IO	0
Seven, each			3	15	0
Eight, each -		•	4	0	0
Nine, each			4	5	0
Ten, each			4	IO	0
Eleven, each			4	15	0
Twelve, or more, each		-	5	0	0 '

EXEMPTIONS.

Any Horfe, Mare, Gelding or Mule under Three \ ears old.

Any Horfe, Mare, Gelding or Mule which (hall be ufed truly and without Fraud, for the Purpofe of Hufbandry only on Land occupied by the Owner of fuch Horfe or other Bead, or for the Purjjofe of drawing any Waggon, Cart or Carriage (except fuch Carriages as are liable to Duty), or carrying Burthens in the Courfe of the Trade or Occupation of the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Horfe, Mare, Gelding or Mule (hall belong, although fuch Horfe, Mare, Gelding or Mule (hall be ufed for Riding on the Occadons and in the manner hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay, when returning from any Place to which any Load or Burthen (nail have by fuch Horfe, Mare, Gelding or Mule been drawn or carried, or in going to any Place from whence any Load or Burthen (hall be to be brought back by any fuch Horfe, Mare, Gelding or Mule, or for the Purpofe of procuring Medical Affiftance, or for the Purpofe of going to or from Market, or to or from any Place of Public Worfhip, or to or from any Ele&ion of Members to ferve in Parliament, or to or from any Court of Juftice, provided fuch Horfe, Mare, Gelding or Mule (hall not on any Occafion be ufed for any other Purpofe, fave as aforefaid.

One Horfe, Mare, Gelding or Mule, ufed only for the Purpofe of drawing any Carriage with lefs than Four Wheels, not chargeable with any Duty under this A6t, by any Perfon occupying a Farm, and making a Livelihood folely thereby, or by any Perfon carrying on a Trade, and making a Livelihood folely thereby, or making a Livelihood by fuch Occupation and Trade jointly, or by an Ecclefiaftical Perfon not pofTeifed of an annual Income of One hundred Pounds or upwards, whether arifing from any Eccleftaftical Preferment or •therwife.

One

 LjOOQle

256	C.	59.	53"	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

One Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, ufed by any Non Commiffioned Officer or Private, in any of the Regiments of Cavalry or in the Artillery.

One Horfe, Mare or Gelding ufed by any Perfon enrolled or to be enrolled, and ferving in any Troop of Yeoman Cavalry in Ireland* who (hall have attended on Horfeback One Half at the lead of the Number of Days appointed for him to cxercifc, or be on Duty in the Year; and who fhall produce a Certificate from the Commanding Officer or permanent Serjeant of his having done fo, and of Pay having been drawn for him for the faid Number of Days.

MALE SERVANTS.

For every Male Servant who fhall be retained or employed by any Perfon in Ireland, at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Fifth Day of January in the Year following, there fhall be paid the yearly Sums, Duties and Taxes following; that is to fay.

	£. /. d.
For 1 Male Servant -	l 10 0
2 Male Servants, each	2 00
3 Male Servants, each	2 IO O
4 Male Servants, each	3 00
5 Male Servants, each	3 7 6
6 Male Servants, each	3 15 0
7 Male Servants, each*	4 26
8 Male Servants, each	4 10 0
9 Male Servants, each	4176
10 Male Servants, each	550
11 Male Servants, and upwards, each	5 12 6
For every fuch Servant retained or employed by any	
Male Perfon never having been married, where the	
Duty on fuch Servant according to the above Rate	
fhall not exceed the Sum of Four Pounds, an	
additional Duty equal to One Half of the Amount	
of the above Duties refpe&ivcly ; and where fuch	
Duty fhall exceed the Sum of Four Pounds, then	
an additional Duty of •	2 00

EXEMPTIONS.

Any Servant (other than fucli as are herein fpecified, and in refpe& of whom the Mailer is fubje& to Duty) who fhall be really retained or employed for the rurpofe of Hufbandry or Manufa&ure, or of any Trade or Calling by which the Mafler or Miflrefs of fuch Servant fhall earn a Livelihood or Profit, and who fhall not at any time be employed in any Capacity in refpedt of which a Tax is payable for any Servant.

Any Servant of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or any Butler, Cook, Gardener or Porter of the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin* or any Servant of the Royal Hofpital near Ktlmainham, or of the Blue Coat Hofpital or Lying-in Hofpital in Dublin, or of any Hofpital or Charitable Inftitution.

 L.ooQle

AJD.1813.	53°	GEO.	III.	C.59*	257

One Servant of any Officer ferving in any Regiment of Horf? or Dragoons under the Rank or not receiving the Pay of a Field Officer, provided fuch Officer retains no more than one Servant, and any Servant of any Officer ferving in any Regiment of Artillery,

Infantry or Marines, or Corps of Engineers, fuch Servant being adually a Soldier in the Regiment or Company to which fuch Officer fhaM belong, and any Servant of any Officer in His Majefty’s Navy under the Rank of a Matter and Commander in acfual Employment, fuch Servant being borne upon the Books of the Ship to which fuch Officer (hall belong.

One Servant of any Officer on Half Pay from His Majefty’s Navy,

Army or Marines, provided fuch Officer fhall retain no more thaw one fuch Servant only.

Any Boy apprenticed to ferve for any Term not exceeding Seven Years by the Foundling Hofpital, the Incorporated Society, the Hibernian School for Soldiers* Children, the Hibernian Marine Society, or any Society or Charitable Inttitution in Ireland for the Care and Education of Children fupported in the Whole or in Part by Public Money or Afleflment.

WINDOWS.

For and out of every Tenement or Dwelling Houfe having more than Six Windows or Lights, there fhall he paid the feveral and refpec-tive yearly Rates following; that is to fay.

.	£ s. d.
In refpe& of 7 Windows or Lights	0176
8	I 40
9	1 11 6
xo	2 00
11	29 6
12 - -	300
*3	3116
! 14	440
15	4 >7 6
16	5 120
17	676
18	7 13 0
*9	8 is 9
20	IO OO
And in refpeft of every Window or Light more than	
Twenty in Number, there fhall be paid for each fuch	
Window or Light the further yearly Rate or Sum	
of ....	O IO O

EXEMPTIONS and ABATEMENTS.

His Majefty's Cattle of Dublin and any Houfe within the Circuit thereof, and any Houfe or Tenement for the Refidence of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Irelandy or of the Undersecretaries in his Office, and the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of 53 Geo. XIf.	S	Queen





*5*	<j. 59,60.	53'	GEO.	III.	A.V.1Z13

Queen Elizabeth near Dublin, (hall be wholly exempt from the faid Duties.

Airy WaTehoufe or Workhoufe, being a diftinft and feparate Building, aud r.ot a Part or Parcel of the Dwelling Houfe, nor Shop, nor occupied in Part nor in the Whole as a Dwelling Houfe* but employed folely for the Purpofc of lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or for carrying on fome Manufacture or Trade, although the fame may adjoin to or have internal Communication with the Dwelling Houfe, (hall be wholly exempted from the faid Duties.

If in any Houfe, containing Eight Windows or more, any Room or Rooms (hail be occupied by any Lodger or Lodgers not paying rcfpec-tively a Rent exceeding Five Pounds yearly for fuch Lodging, fo much of the Tax on fuch Houfe in refpe£l of all the Windows or Lights therein as (hall in refpeft of the Windows or Lights in the Part of fuch Houfe fo occupied exceed One Shilling for each Window or Light, (hall be deducted from the whole Charge of fuch Houfe.

Any Hofpital, Charity School or Houfe provided for the Reception and Relief of poor Perfons, or any Gaol, Prifon or Seffions Houfe, or any Hall, Office or public Building whatfoever in Ireland (hall not be charged in refpeCt of Windows therein, otherwife than in manner hereinafter mentioned 5 thfct is to fay, all the Dwelling Rooms or Apartments in any fuch public Building being occupied by any Officer of or belonging to or employed in the fame, or by any Servant of fuch Officer, and all fuch Rooms or Apartments not containing more than Six Windows or Lights (hall be charged with the Tax in refpe& of Windows at the Rate of One Shilling for each Window or Light therein; and if fuch Rooms or Apartments (hall contain more than Six Windows or Lights, then they (hall be charged with the faid Tax as if they were an entire Houfe; and the Perfons refpe&ively by whom or by whofe Servant fuch Rooms or Apartments are or (hall be inhabited, (hall be chargeable with or liable to pay the faid Taxes as Occupiers of inhabited Houfes are by Law chargeable with and liable to pay the fame.

Any Dwelling Houfe or other Building in refpe& of any Window which (hall be occupied with or ufed for a Loom, which (hall be (landing at fuch Window and really ufed in Weaving.

Any Dwelling Houfe wholly occupied as a Boarding School for the Education of Children, and kept by a Perfon licenfed to keep a School by the Ordinary of the Diocefe, or the Juftices at Seflions, (hall not be charged with any higher Rate of Tax than One Shilling for each Window or Light therein.

C A P. LX.

An A£l for the better Colle&ion of the Duties on Hides and Skins tanned or drefled in Oil, and on Vellum and Parchment made in Ireland; and for preventing Frauds on His Majefty’s Revenue therein.	[3d	June	1813.]

4 XT7HEREAS it is expedient to repeal the feveral A6ls in force

•	VV for fecuring, colle&ing and levying the Duties payable in 4 Ireland upon Hides and Skins tanned, and upon Hides and Skins

•	drefled in Oil, and on Vellum and Parchment made in Ireland; 4 and to make further Regulations for that Purpofe ;* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with



A.D.i8i3'

53° GEO. Ill,

C. 60.

2 59

the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and TempdraJ, and 40 o. 3, (I ) r. 9. Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Autho- 41 g". 3! (U.K.) rity of the fame. That, from and after the Twenty ninth Day of Sep- c 4j. * 6. timber One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, an A& made in 4zCJ,3- c .36. Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled g ^*r' An AQ for the better ColleQion of all Duties on Hides and Skins tanned § 24. 3 ° ^ and dreffed in Oil, and on Vellum and Parchment made in Ireland, and 44 G. 3. c. tcj. for preventing Frauds on His Majejly's Revenue therein ; and alfo 450.3-c.108.5r. fo much and fuch Part of any Adi or Adis as have been made in 46g.3.c.i2o.§i. the Parliament of the United Kingdom, for continuing or amending	*2,

the (aid recited Adi of the Fortieth Year aforefaid, (hall be and the 48 g.3. c. 61.51. fame are hereby repealed ; and that all Licences which (hall have repealed, been granted fmce the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, to any Perfon or Perfons in Ireland to keep a Tan Yard or Tan Pit, or to tan Leather, or to drefs Hides and Skins in Oil, or to make Vellum or Parchment, (hail ceafe and determine and become utterly void on the faid Twenty ninth Day of When Licences September One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen 5 any thing in <hall expire, any Adi or Ads to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftandmg:

Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hail extend or be

conftrued to extend to repeal, alter or affedl the Colledlion of any

Duty or of any Penalties or Forfeitures which may have been or

may be due or chargeable, or which have been or (hall be incurred

at any time previous to the faid Twenty ninth Day of September One

thoufand eight hundred and thirteen : Provided alfo, that it (hall and Exception* a*to

may be lawful for the Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Duties and

Ireland, to repay or allow to any Perfon or Perfons to whom any

fuch Licence (hall have been granted as aforefaid, between the

Twenty fifth Day of March and the Twenty ninth Day of September

One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, One Half Part of the Repayment of

Stamp Duty paid by fuch Perfon or Perfons for fuch Licences, Licence Duty.

either on their taking out a new Licence under this Adi, or at fuch

time and in fuch manner as the faid Commifiioners (hall think proper

to order and diredl.

II.	And be it further enadled, That all Licences to be granted at Licences to con-any time after the palling of this Adi, to any Perfon or Perfons in tiuue in force. Ireland, to keep a Tan Yard or Tan Pit, or to tan Leather, or to

drefs Hides or Skins in Oil, or to make Vellum or Parchment, (hall continue in force until the Twenty ninth Day of September next after the Date thereof, and no longer.

III.	And, for the better fecuring, colledling and levying all Duties payable in Ireland upon Hides and Skins tanned, and upon Skin9 dreffed in Oil, and on Vellum and Parchment made in Ireland, and for avoiding all Doubts and Controverfies concerning the feveral Kinds of Hides and Skins and Pieces of Hides and Skins to be charged with Duty, be it enadled, That by tanned Hides and Skins Definition of and tanned Pieces of Hides and Skins, are meant fuch as are tanned tanned leather in Ooze made of the Bark of Trees, or Sumack, or any other Ma- Jreffann oil. terial, whereof the principal Ingredient (hall be fuch Bark or Sumack 5

and that by Hides and Skins dreffed in Oil, or Pieces of Hide9 and Skin6 dreffed in Oil, are meant fuch as not having been tanned with Bark or Sumack are dreffed in Oil, or fuch as are made into Leather in Oil, or with any Liquor or Material whereof the chiefeff Ingredient dull be Oil.

S 2

IV. And

l6ft

C.6oi

53’GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

(lull deliver a particular Account of Yards, Pits, 8cc. to be enrt-red at Ex-cife Office of Diftritt.

Before Licences	IV. And be it further enafted, That before any Licence (hall be

nr,”t^iZll,rer*	to any Perfon or Perfons in Ireland, to keep a Tan Yard or

* — - Tan pit, or tQ tarl Leatiler or to drefs Hides or Skins in Oil, or to make Vellum or Parchment, the Perfon or Perfons requiring fuch Licence fhall, before any fuch Licence fhall be granted, make out, fiprn and deliver to the Colleftor of the Di(ln£t an Account.in Writing, to be entered and regiltered in the Office of Excife in the Diftrift in which the Tan Yard, "Pan Pit or Manufaftory of fuch Perfon (hall be iituate, containing his or her Name, and Place ot Places of Abode, and the Place where fuch Tan Yard, Tan Pit or Manufactory is fituatc, and fpecifying every Tail Yard, Tan Houfe or other Yard and Workhoufe, Mill, Store and other Place by him or her to be ufed for the tanning, drefling, and drying or keeping of any Hides or Skins, or for making any Vellum or Parchment ; and alfo fpecifying the Number or Situation of all the Pits and Vats therein refpec-tively, for tanning or drefling of fuch Hides or Skins, or Pieces thereof, or for making Vellum or Parchment, diftinguifhing the Number of Pits called Lime Pits, and the Number of Pits called Mafter-ins, and the Number of Pits called Vats, Handlers or Latches refpec-tively, and the Number of Cubic Feet in each and every fuch Pits called Vats Handlers and Latches, refpeftively, and in each and every other Pit in every Tail Yard kept by fuch Perfon, in which Bark is ufed or intended to be ufed ; and in fuch written Account the Perfon making the fame (hall diftinguifh every fuch Pit, and every fuch Mill, Workhoufe, Store or other Place by feparate Numbers relating to each, in arithmetical Progrefiion, beginning with Number One, and upon fome vifibie Part of eve»*y fuch Pit, and alfo upon the Out-fide of the Door of every fuch Workhoufe, Mill, Store or other Place, the Perfon requiring fuch Licence and making out fuch Account fhall paint or caufe to be painted with Oil Colour, in black on a white Ground, or in white upon a black Ground, and fhall keep thereon fo painted in a legible manner, the Number of each fuch Pit, and of each fuch Workhoufe, Mill, Store or other Place refpeftively, in Conformity with fuch Account; and that the Surveyor of Excife within whofe Survey fuch Manufactory fhall be frtuate, fhall at the Bottom of every fuch Account, before the fame fhall be delivered to or received by the Colleftor, certify fuch Account by figning his Name thereto, and thereupon the Colleftor of Excife of the Diftrift fhall file or enter and regifter fuch Account in the Office of Excife of the Diftrift, and fhall grant a Certificate of fuch Account and Regiftry, by giving a Copy thereof figned by him, to the Party who delivered fuch Account; and before any fuch Licence fhall be granted at any time after the paffing of this Aft, fuch Certificate fhall be produced to the Commiflioners of Excife, or to the Perfon empowered by fuch Commiflioners to grant fuch Licence ; and fuch Account and Regiftry, aud every fuch Certificate thereof, (hall be Evidence on any Queftion that fhall or may arife on any Information, in confequence of or touching any of the Provifions of this Aft.

V. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon (hall tan in Ooze, or drefs in Oil, or caufe to be tanned or dreffed as aforefaid, atiy Hide or Hides, Skin or Skins, or fhall make any Vellum or Parchment, or fhall make ufe of anv Tan Houfe, Tan Yard or other Yard, Workhoufe, Mill or other tlace, or any Pit or Vat, or any

Store

Account, Ac. Evidence.

Tanning or iriiig Yard* or Pit*, without Account delivered and Licence obtained

 CjOOQLe

C. 60.

AJX1813.	53* GEO.	HE.

2S1

Store for the tanning or drafting, drying or keeping of Hides or Skins, or for making Vellum or Parchment before fuch Perfon (hall have made out, figned and delivered fuch Account as aforefaid, or without being duly licenced according to Law, or (hall omit to paint or caufe to be painted in manner hereinbefore directed, or to Keep painted in a legible manner upon each fuch Pit, Workhoufe,

Mill, Store or other Place refpedtively, the Number thereof refpec-tirely, in Conformity with fuch Account, every fuch Perfon (hall forfeit Twenty Pounds for every Day fuch Tan Houfe, Tan Yard, Penalty. Workhoufe, Mill or other Place, or any fuch Pit or Vat (hall be ufcd for any of the refpe&ive Purpofes aforefaid ; and that all Hides Tanning, and Skins and Pieces of Hides tanned in any manner, or drefled in lienee not duly Oil, or being in the Procefs of fuch tanning or dreffing, and all ^ante Vellum and Parchment, and Skins making into Vellum or Parchment, which (hall be found in any Tan Yard, Tan Houfe, Mill, Workhoufe or other Yard or Place for which a Licence in force (hall not have been duly granted, or of which fuch Account (hall not have been made out, iigned and delivered as is by this Ad required, fhall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer of Excife in Ireland ; Penahy* and that if any Tanner or Perfon requiring fuch Licence a3 aforefaid,

(hall omit to make out, (ign and deliver fuch Account as by this Ad is required, of the Number of cubic Feet in each and every of the Pits called Vats, Handlers and Latches, and in each and every other Pit refpedively in every Tan Yard kept by fuch Tanner or Perfon requiring fuch Licence, in which Bark is intended to be ufed, or (hall make any falfe Return of Pits or Vats, or of the Cubic Feet in any Pit or Vat whereof a Return of the Number of fuch Feet is hereby required to be made, or if any Bark (hall be found in any Pit or Vat belonging to any Tanner or Perfon which (hall not in fuch Return be deferibed as a Pit or Vat for ufing Bark or other Ooze for tanning, every fuch Tanner or Perfon for every fuch Default or Offence (hall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.	Penalty.

VI.	And be it further enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful Officcismay for any Officer of Excife at any time in the Day-time to enter into any enter and take Tan Yard, Tan Houfe, Workhoufe, Mill or other Yard or Place Accouut* w hatever, ufed by any Tanner or Currier, or any Drefler of Hides or Skins in Oil, or by any Maker of Vellum or Parchment, or any Place where any fuch Hides, Skins, Vellum or Parchment (hall be, and to fcarch for, view and take an Account of all Pits, Vats and Places therein ufed for the tanning of Hides and Skins, and of the Dimen-iions thereof, and to fearch for, view and take an Account of all Pits, Vats and Places ufed for dreffing of Hides and Skins in Oil, or for making Vellum or Parchment, and the Ufes to which fuch Pits, Vats or other Places are applied ; and if any Tanner, Drefler of Leather in Oil, or Maker of Vellum or Parchment, or his or her Servant, (hall not on Demand made by any Officer of Excife at the T311 Houfe, Tan Yard or other Place of fuch Tanner, Drefler or Maker, admit fuch Officer therein, or (hall not permit fuch Officer to view or take fuph Account of, or to meafure all or any fuch Pits, Vats and other Places as aforefaid ; or if any Tanner (hall not on Demand of any Officer of Excife, clear all Hides and Skins out of any Pit or Vat which fuch Officer may require fo to be cleared in ord^r to enable him to meafure the fame; every fuch Tanner, Drefler and Maker refpc&ivejy, (hail for every fuch Negle& or Refufal by

S	3	him

 L,ooQle

262

Penalty.

Tanners ami Sureties to enter into a Bond, before Lueme (ranted.

Duty on Tan-ficr* with Bark.

Officers to make

Monthly

Returns.

Officer*' Returns Charges ou Tanners.

C.6o.	53® GEO. III. ■	A.D.1813*

him or her, or his or her Servant, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.	'

VII.	And be it further enafted, That no Licence (hall be granted to keep a Tan Yard or Tan Pit, or to tan Leather with Bark, unlcfs the Perfon requiring the fame fhall, with Two fufficient Sureties, have executed a Bond to His Majefly in a penal Sum, after the Rate of Fifty Pounds for every One hundred Cubic Feet of the Pits or Vats in the Tan Yard of fuch Perfon chargeable under this Ad, conditioned to pay all fuch Sums of Money as by virtue of this Ad or any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland fuch Tanner fhall be charged with, and alfo to pay and fatisfy all Penalties to which fuch Tanner fhall be liable under this Ad, or any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland; and that no Licence (ball be granted to any Perfon orPerfons to tan Hides or Skins with Bark, unlefs the Pit or Pits in the Tan Yard of fuch Perfou chargeable under this Ad, according to the Number of Cubic Feet therein contained, (hall contain Four hundred Cubic feet in the Whole at lead ; and that any Licence which fhall be granted to any Perfon, the Pit or Pits in whofe Tan Yard fhall contain lefs than Four hundred Cubic Feet in the Whole, fhall be null and void.

VII I. And be it further enaded, That, from and after the Twenty ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, every Tanner of Hides and Skins with Bark fhall, from the faid Twenty ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, and within every following Year ending on the Twenty ninth Day of September be charged with and pay Duty for a Quantity of Tanned Hides and Skins, according to the whole Amount of the Number of Cubic Feet contained in all the Pits (except Lime Pits, Mafterins and Water Pools for fimple Water) in his, her or their Tan Yard or Tan Yards, or other Place or Places whatever, called Vats, Handlers and Latches, or other Pits or Veflels ufed with or containing Bark $ that is to fay, every fuch Tanner fhall be charged with and pay a Duty at the Rate of Nine pence by the Year, in refpeft of each and every Cubic Foot contained in all the Pits in his, her or their Tan Yard or Tan Yards or other Places, called Vats, Handlers and Latches, or other Pits or Placet in which Bark is ufed, without making any allowance whatever for the Contents of any Pits called Latches; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom notwithftanding: And the Officers of Excife (hall make Monthly Returns to the Colleftors of the Diftrifta refpeftively, in which fuch Tan Yards fhall be fituated, of the Duty at the lUte aforefaid; that is to fay, fuch Officers fhall Monthly, on every Twenty fifth Day of the Mouths of OQober* November, December, January, i*V-bruary, March, April and Mayy Twenty fourth Day of June, Twenty fifth Day of July and Augujl, and Twenty ninth Day of September, make a Return of One Twelfth Part of the whole Amount ot the Sum which fuch Tanner is by this Aft chargeable with in refpeft of the whole Number of Cubic Feet in his or her aforefaid Pits within the Year, and fuch Return (hall be a Charge on every Tanner againft whom the fame (hall be made and returned, and (htu be received as and for the Amount of the Duty payable by Weight and Tale on Hides and Skins tanned with Bark only : And every fuch Tanner (hall pay the Sum fo charged and returued within On*

Calendar

 ^ooQie

C. 6a

A.D.1813.

53# GEO. IIL

Calendar Month after each of the faid refpe&ive Days 5 and in Default of paying the fame, (hall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds and double the Amount of the Sum fo returned, and (hall not after fuch Default fend, deliver or carry out, or fuffer to be carried out, any Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, until fuch Sum (hall have been paid, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds and double the Value of the Hides or Skins delivered or carried out; and no Hides or Skins tanned with Bark only (hall be counted, weighed or marked with any Stamp to denote the charging of Duty thereon.

IX.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enafted, That all Hides and Skins whatever, not having been drefled with Bark or Sumack, which (hall be drefled in Oil, (hall be charged and chargeable with, and (hall pay the feveral Duties for every Pound Weight Avoidupois thereof, impofed on Hides and Skins and Pieces of Hides and Skins drefled in Oil, pnder and by virtue of an Aft made in the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majefly’s Reign, intituled An Ad to grant to His Majefly certain Inland Duties of Excife and Taxes in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in ref fed thereof in lieu of former Duties of Excife, Taxes and Drawbacks.

X.	Provided alio, and be it enafted, That if any Tanner with Bark {hall at any time between the Twenty fifth Day of April and the Twenty ninth Day of September in any Year, choofe to difeontimie the working or ufing any of the Pits or Vats in his or her Tan Yard, ufed with Bark (being not more than One Fourth of the whole Number of fuch Pits or Vats, nor more than the Number of fuch Pits or Vats as (hall contain One Fourth of the Number of Cubical Feet in the whole Number of fuch Pits or Vats), for the Remainder of fuch Year ending on the Twenty ninth Day of September then next enfuing, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Tanner.fo to do ; provided that fuch Difcontinuauce (hail not take place, except at the End of fome Month for which fuch Tanner is chargeable with Duty as aforefaid; and provided alfo, that Notice in Writing of the Day when fuch Tanner (hall difeontinue the Ufe of fuch Pits or Vats* fpecifying the Number of Pits or Vats and the Cubic Contents thereof, and each and every Pit and Vat refpeftively, and the Cubic Content of each and every Pit and Vat refpeftively intended to be difeontinued, (hall have been given Ten Days before fuch Day, to the Chief Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Revenue as alfo to the Colleftor of Excife of theDillrifts, and to the Surveyor and Gauger of the Walk in which fuch Tan Yard (hall be 5 and in fuch cafe, a proportionable Deduction, according to the Number of Cubic Fee t m the Pits or Vats fo difeontinued, for the time fuch Pits or Vatt {hall not be employed, (hall be made from the future Monthly Charges on fuch Tanner in refpeft of fuch Pits or Vats fo difeontinued ; and every Pit or Vat, the Ufe of which (hall be fo difeon-tinned, (hall, in the Prefence of the Officer in charge of the Tan Yard of fuch Tanner, be effectually filled up with Stones or other Rubbilh ; and if any Tanner (hall negleft or refufe to fill up fuch Pit or Vat fo difeontinued as aforelaid, or (hall, after the Time mentioned in any fuch Notice, work or ufe any Pit or Vat of the Difcontinuance of which Notice (hall have been given as aforefaid, or {hall work or ufe any greater Number of Pits or Vats than the Number of the Pits or Vats remaining in the Tan Yard of fuch Tanner*

S 4	after

263

Penalty.

Penalty.

Hides drefled in Oil to pay Duties by former Act.

47 O. 3 SefT. x, c. id.

Tanner di Continuing Part of Pits.

Notice.



C* 6c*

2^4

Penalty.

Tanners with Sumack, Dref-fers of Skins in Oil, and Parchment Makers, to*give Notice before Hides, Ac. taken out to ho dried.

Penalty.

Officers to take A ccount of ^kins dried.

CMk.

Penalty.

53* GEO. Ill,

A'.D*i8i3-

after dedu&ing the Number of Pits or Vats of the Difcent in uancr of which fuch Notice fhall have been given, every fuch Tanner (hall, for every fuch Pit or Vat exceeding fuch Remainder, forfeit the Sum of Eifty Pounds, and (hall be chargeable in refpett of every (uch Pit or Vat, and in refpedt of every Cubic Foot therein, as if no fuch Notice of Difcontimiance had been given or delivered.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Tanner of Skins with Sumack, or of Skins tanned for Roans, Gloves or Bafils, and every* Drefler of Hides or Skins in Oil, and every Maker of Vellum and Parchment, (hall from time to time, before any Hide or Hides, Skin or Skins, or any Piece or Pieces of any Hide or Hides, Skin or Skins (hall be taken out of the Mill, Ooze, Liquor, Oil or other Material, in any Tan Houfe, Tan Yard or other Yard, or in any Vat or Pit ufed by fuch Tanner or Drefler for Tanning, (leeping or dreffing any Hides or Skins, to be dried or otherwife difpofed of, give Forty* eight Hours’ Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excife in charge of the Walk in which fuch Tan Yard, Tan Houfe or other Place (hall be, cf the time when any Hide or Hides, Skin or Skins, or any Piece or Pieces of any Hide or Hides or Skin or Skins, or any Vellum or Parchment fhall be taken out of the Mill, Ooze, Liquor, Oil or other Materials, in order to be dried or otherwife difpofed of; and for every Default of giving fuch Notice, every fuch Tanner, Drefler and Maker making fuch Default, fhall forfeit Fifty Pounds.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That every Tanner of Skius with Sumack, or of Skins tanned for Roans, Gloves or Bafils, and every Drefler of any Hides or Skins in Oil, and every Maker of Vellum and Parchment, fhall from time to time permit any Officer of Excife, and every fuch Officer is ht reby empowered to take an Account of the Number and Quality of all Hides and Skius, Pieces of Hides or Skins, Vellum and Parchment, which fhall be taken out of the Ooze, Mill, Liquor, Oil or other Material, in order to be dried or otherwife difpofed of; and every fuch Tanner, Drefler and Maker, (hall within Two Days after fuch taking out, and before the carrying away of any fuch Hide or Hides; or Skin or Skins, or any Piece or Pieces of any Hide or Hides or Skin or Skins, Vellum or Parchment, from the Tan Yard, Tan Houfe or other Yard or Place belonging to fuch Tanner, Drefler or Maker, or from the ufual Place or Places where fuch Hides or Skins, or Pieces thereof, or fuch Vellum or Parchment, arc or (hall be ufually dried, make true Entry with the Col* leftor of the Diflriet, or the Surveyor or Gauger in the Walk, of the Number and Quality of every of the Hides and Skins and Pieces of Hides and Skius, and Vellum and Parchment, fo taken out of the Ooze, Mill, Liquor, Oil or other Materials, from the Time any Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins comprifed in the lafl preceding Entry, were taken out; fuch time to be particularly described, and alfo the Purpofes for which they are respectively adapted, and for which they are refpc&ively intended by liim or her to he ufed ; and (hall verify fuch Entry by Affidavit upon Oath, which Qath any Col-Je&or, Sub Commiffioner or Surveyor in Hi* Majcfty’s Revenue of Excife, is empowered and required to admitiiller ; and for every Default of any fuch Tanner, Drefler or Maker, in making fuch Entry, or verifying the fame by Affidavit as aforcfaid, he or (he (halj forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds,

XIII. And

 LrOOQle

,C. 60.

A.D.1813.	53*	GEO.	III.

265

XIII. And be it further enadled, That it (hall and may be lawful Officer* may en-for any Officer of Excife, at any time in the Day-time, to enter into ter Places ufed any Tan Houfe, Tan Yard, Workhoufe, Mill or other Yard or Place	and

ufed by any Tanner of Skins with Snmack, or of Skins tanned for Mak-rTnnd by Roans, Gloves or Bafils, or by any DrefTer of Hides or Skins in Oil, Dealers, or by any Maker of Vellum or Parchment, or into any Place where any fuch Skins, Vellum or Parchment (hall be, to fearch and fee what Quantities of Hides or Skins and'Pieces of Hides or Skins, Vellum and Parchment refpedlively, are taken out of the Mill, Ooze, Liquor,

Oil or other Material, to be dried or made fit for Sale or Ufe ; and alfo into the Houfes and other Places belonging to every Dealer in Leather tanned with Sumack, or for Roans, Gloves and Eafils, and every Place where fuch tanned Leather, Leather dreffed in Oil, or Vellum or Parchment, (hall be ftored or (hall be kept to be weighed or fold or manufactured, in order that fuch Officer may fearch and fee whether the Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment therein be duly (lamped; and if any fuch Tanner or any DrefTer of Hides and Skins in Oil, or Maker of Vellum or Parchment, or Dealer in fuch Leather, Vellum or Parchment, or Owner or Occupier of any fuch Place as aforefaid, or his or her Servant, (hall refufe fuch Entrance to any Officer of Excife, or not permit any fuch Officer to enter as afovelaid, every fuch Tanner, Dreffer or Maker of Vellum or Parchment, or Dealer in Leather, Vellum or Parchment, or Owner or Occupier, who or whole Servant (hall refufe or not permit fuch Entrance as aforefaid, (hall, for every Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any fuch Tanner or Dreffer of Hides or Skins, or Penalty. Maker of Vellum or Parchment, or Dealer in Leather, Vellum or Parchment^ or his or her Servant, (hall not on Demand made by any Officer of Excife at the Tan Yard, or other Place of fuch Tanner,

Dreffer, Maker or Dealer in Leather, Vellum or Parchment, where any Hides or Skins, or Vellum or Parchment are kept, (hew fuch Officer all the Stock of Hides and Skins and Pieces of Hides and Skins and Vellum and Parchment in the Poffeffion of fuch Tanner,

Dreffer, Maker or Dealer in Leather, or Vellum or Parchment, or (hall not permit fuch Officer to take an Account thereof, every fuch Tanner, Dreffer, Maker or Dealer, (hall for every Negleft or Refufal, by him or her, or by his or her Servant, forfeit Twenty Pounds ; and Penalty, if any Perfon (hall fraudulently conceal any Hides or Skins whatever, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, or any Vellum or Parchment, to the Intent to defraud His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors of the Duty payable thereon, then and in every fuch cafe fuch Perfon (hall, for every Tuch Offence, forfeit Twenty Pounds, and all Skins tanned in Penalty, manner aforefaid, and all fuch Hides, Calves Skins or other Skins whatever, and all Pieces of Hides or Skins dreffed in Oil, and all Vellum and Parchment, which (hall have been removed and carried away before the feveral Duties payable upon or in rcfpetl of the fame (hall be feverally charged and entered as by this Adi is diredled, or which (hall not be (hewn to any Officer of Excife after Demand as aforefaid, or which (hall be fraudulently hidden or concealed, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer of Excife; and all Hides In wlwt and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, tanned or dreffed as afore- deemoi von-faid, and all Vellum and Parchment, found in any Place belonging to ccjled* fuch Tanner or Dreffer cf Leather, or Maker of Vellum or Parchment,

Of



2 p6

C.6o.

53° GEO. IH.

A.D.1823.

Removing Skins 4nt Parchment.

Votic*

•i dkins,&c.

Weights, Numbers and Qualities of Skius •Meted.

of which fuch Notice as aforefaid (hall not have been given, (hall be deemed and taken to be concealed.

XIV.	And be it further etia&ed, That every Tanner of Skins with Sumack or of Skins tanned for Roans, Gloves or Bafils, and every Dreffer of any Hides or Skins in Oil, and every Maker of Vellum and Parchment, (hall from time to time, before any Hides or Skins, or any Vellum or Parchment (hall be removed from any of his, her or their Yards, Workhoufes or other Places of deeding, drying or keeping the fame refpedively, give Two Days’ Notice in YVriting to the Officer of Excile, of all Hides or Skins and Pieces thereof, and all Vellum and Parchment, which he, (he or they intend to remove, to the Intent that the Officer of Excife may afeertain the Duties payable for the fame, according as the fame are chargeable by Weight or

Officers permit- Tale; and every fuch Tanner, Dreffer aud Maker (hall permit any ted to weigh and Officer of Excife, at hia or her Yard or Place where fuck Hides or take Accounts Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, or Vellum or Parchment, (hall be dreffed, dried or kept, to weigh and take an Acconnt of the Numbers and Quality thereof, and of the Weight of all fuch Hides, Calves Skins or other Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, as are chargeable with Duty by Weight, before the fame (hall be removed from the Places of dreffing, fiuifhing, drying or keeping the fame refpedively.

XV.	And be it further enabled, That when the Duties chargeable on Skins tanned with Sumack, or for Roans, Gloves and Bafils, or on any Hides or Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins dreffed in Oil,, or on any Vellum and Parchment, (hall be afeertained by Weight or Tale, the Officers of Excife (hall enter in a Book the refpc&ive Weights and Numbers and Quality of all fuch Hides and Skint, aud Pieces of Hides and Skins, ami Vellum and Parchment, whereof the Duties (hall have been 10 afeertained as aforefaid, and (hall make a Return or Report thereof in Writing to the Colle&or of the Diftrid, leaving a Copy thereof under his Hand with the refpedivc Tanners or Dreffers cf fuch Hides and Skint, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, and Makers of fuch Vellum and Parchment 5 which Return or Report (hall be a Charge on the Tanners, or Dreffers of fuch Hides, Calves Skins or other Skins whatever, and Pieces of Juch Hides and Skins, and the Makers of fuch Vellum and Parchment refpeCtively.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That immediately from and after the Duty upon fuch Skius, and Piece.* of Skins, tanned with Sumack, or for Roans, Gloves and Halils, and upon any Hides or Skint, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, dreffed in Oil, and upon fuch Vellum and Parchment, (hall be afeertained by Weight or Tale as aforefaid, and an Entry thereof made in a Book to be kept by the Officer or Officers who (hall have fo afeertained the fame, fuch Officer or Offi» cers (hall caufe every Hide and Skin, and every Piece of a Hide and Skin, and all Vellum and Parchment, whereof .the Duty (hall be fo afeertained, to be marked with fuch Mark as this Ad direds to be ufed, to denote the charging of fuch Duty as aforefaid; Provided always, that in cafe any Tanner, Dreffer or Finilhcr of fuch Hides and Skins, or Maker of Vellum and Parchment, (hall defire that the faid Mark be made upon any particular Part thereof, then the Officer marking the fame (hall mark fuch Hide or Skin, Vellum or Parchment accordingly; and Officers in marking Hides and Skins, and Vellum and Parchment, (h?U do no Damage or the lead Damage that may be to the fame*

XVII, And

Duties maiked •a Skins.

Marks put

wbiic dcfired.



C. 60.

167

A.D.i8i3*

53° GEO. III.

XVII.	And, For the better ascertaining of the Duty chargeable by Weight or Tale on all Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, tanned with Sumack, or for Roans, Gloves and Balils, upon all Hides or Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, dreffed in Oil, and upon Vellum and Parchment ; aud for preventing Frauds between the Officers of Excife and Tanners, Dieffers and Makers thereof, be it ena&ed, That every fuch Tanner or Drefler, and every Undamped Maker of Vellum and Parchment, (hall keep all fuch Hides aud Skin* kept Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, and all Vellum and Parch- Separate at well -ment, which have not been duly ftamped by any Officer of Excife, «itamyad. feparate from all Hides and Skins, aud Pieces of Hides and Skins,

and Vellum and Parchment, which (hall have been duly ftamped with the Stamp denoting the charging of fuch Duty ; and mall alfo keep all fuch laft mentioned Elides and Skins, and Vellum and Parchment, feparate from all other Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, and Vellum and Parchment, which art any time or times before had been ftamped, for the Space of Two Days after the ftamping thereof, unlefs the fame (hall have been fooner reweighed or taken an Account of by the proper Officer of Excife, on Pain of Forfeiture for every Offence therein the Sum of Twenty Penalty. Pounds: And if any Skins, or Pieces of Skins, tanned with Su-mack, or tanned for Roans, Gloves or Bafils, (hall be removed from the Yard or Drying Place or Stores of any Tanner thereof; or if any Hides or Skios, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, dreffed or finiffied in Oil, or any Vellom or Parchment, (hall he removed or conveyed from the Yard or Drying Place or Stores of any Drefler or Maker thereof, before the Expiration of Two Days next after the Stamping thereof, unlefs the fame {hall fooner have been weighed or taken an Account of by the proper Officer of Excife, t ie Tanner or Drefler of fuch Elides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, and Maker of fuch Vellum or Parchment, (hall for every time be (hall offend herein forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.	Pemlty.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled, That every Perfon who (hall Sra'es »nd tan as aforefaid, or drefs in Oil any fuch Hides or Skins or Weights yni-Pieces thereof, (hall at ever)* Yard or Place ufed by fuch Perfon vule<*«

for drying Hides and Skins, provide and keep, at his or her own Cofts and Charges, fufficient and juft Scales ar.d Weights for weighing and reweighing all fuch Hides and Skins and Pieces of Hides and Skins which (hall be in their refpe£Hve Yards aud other Places, and (hall bring or caufe the fame to be brought to the Scales, and (hall aflift the Officers of Excife in weighing and reweighing fuch Hides and Skins and Pieces of Hides and Skins, in fuch manner as fuch Officer (hall think moft convenient, and in examining from time to time the depending Stock of Hides and Skins and Pieces of Hides and Skins of every fuch Tanner and Drefler of

XIX« And be it further enabled, That if upon any reweighing On r*we?-hinf, of any Hides or Skins or Pieces of Hides or Skins chargeable bj Hide* and Ski.»• Weight, the fame (hall be found to be of greater Weight than ^har^ed ac'**' the Weight according to which the fame were refpe&ively charged cordfngly." with Duty on the fir ft weighing of the fame, all fuch Hides and Skins and Pieces of Hides and Skins (hall be charged with Duty according to fuch greater Weight; and the Officer of Excife who (hall have reweighed the lame, (hall make a Return or Report

Leather.

thereof





When Duties on Skins to be p«id.

Not paying within Time

prescribed.

Penalty.

Penalty.

Not keeping juft Scales and Weighs

Penalty,

Penalty.

C. 6o.	53*	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

thereof to the Colle&or of the Diftrid, in the fame manner as any Officer is hereby dire&ed to make a Return or Report of the fir ft weighing thereof 5 and fuch Return or Report {hall in like manner be a Charge on the Tanners or Dreffers thereof refpe&ively.

XX. And be it further ena&ed, That every Tanner of Skins with Sumack, or of Skins tanned for Roans, Gloves and Bafils, and every Dreffer of Leather in Oil, and Maker of Vellum and Parchment, (hail pay off and difeharge all the Duties charged upon him or her in refpedt of ail fuch Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment fo marked as aforefaid, within One Month if in the City of Dublin or the Liberties adjoining, and within Two Months in all other Parts of Ireland, after the fame fhall be fo marked and ftamped as aforefaid, to the Colle6lor of the Diftrift in which he or fhe {hall refide ; and fuch Collector is hereby required to give Receipts for ail the Money he fhall from time to time receive for the Duties aforefaid, to the Perfon or Perfons who {hall pay the fame.

XXI And be it further ena&ed, That every Tanner fo charged with the refpc&ive Duties on Skins tanned with Sumack, and Skins tanned for Roa« s, Gloves and Bafils, and every Dreffer of Hides and Skins in Oil, and every Maker of Vellum and Parchment, fo charged with the refpc£tive Duties thereon, who ffiall ncgleft to make fuch Payment as aforefaid within the time aforefaid, ffiall forfeit for every fuch NegleA the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and Double the Amount of the Duty, the Payment whereof ffiall not be fo made ; and ffiall not after fuch Negle& or Default fend, deliver or carry out, or fuffer to he carried out, any Hides or Skins or Pieces of Hides or Skins, Vellum or Parchment, until all fuch Duty as aforefaid ffiall have been paid and cleared off, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and Double the Value of the Hides or Skins or Vellum or Parchment fo delivered or carried out.

XXII. And be it further ena&ed, That if any fuch Tanner or Dreffer of Leather ffiall not keep at every Yard or other Place ufed by him or her for drying or keeping Hides or Skins, juft Scales and Weights as this A6t directs, or ffiall by himfelf or her-ft-lf, or any Perfon employed by him or her, refufe to permit or fhall not fuffer any Officer of Excife who ffiall defire to weigh or reweigh any Hides or Skins or Pieces of Hides or Skins belonging to fuch Tanner or Dreffer, at fuch Yard or Places as aforefaid, to weigh or reweigh the fame, or {hall by himfelf or herfelf, or by any Perft/n employed by him or her, negleft or refufe to bring the fame to the Scales, or to affift at weighing or reweighing the fame, in fuch manner as fuch Officer ffiall think moft convenient, every fuch Tanner or Dreffer ffiall, for every Default, Negledfc or Offence herein, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any Officer of Excife ffiall at the Yard or other Place of any Tanner or Dreffer be furniffied with any unjuft Scales or Weights for weighing or reweighing Hides or Skins or Pieces of Hides or Skins, or be furniffied with any Scales or Weights, which, on weighing or re-weighing any Hides or Skins or Pieces of Hides or Skins, ffiall by any Device not exhibit the true Weight thereof, every fuch Tanner or Dreffer ffiall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

4 XXIII. And



 L,ooQle

C.6o.

A.D.i8i3>	53"	GEO.III.

269

4 XXIII. And whereas it is neceffary for the Colle&ion of the 4 Duties on Leather tanned with Sumack, and for Roans, Gloves 4 and Bafiis, and on all Skins dreffed in Oil, and on Vellum and 4 Parchment, that Papers, called 4 Specimen Papers,’ {hall be put 4 up and preferved in the Storehoufe of every fuch Tanner and 4 Drefler of Leather, and Maker of Vellum and Parchment, in 4 order that Officers of the Revenue vifiting their Yards and Stores 4 (hall make Entries on fucli Paper of their Vifits at fuch Places 4 refpeflively, and of all Notices given of taking Hides aryl Skins 4 out of the Pit or*Ooze, or Oil or other Materials, and of requiring 4 the Officers of Excife to {lamp or mark the fame, and of the 4 Quantity and different Species and Quality of Hides and Skins 4 and Vellum and Parchment {lamped and marked by fuch Offi-4 cers 5 and of all fuch other Matters and Things as the faid 4 Officers (hall think fit or be directed to make Entries Be it Tanner* to hang enacted, That every Tanner, and every Drefler or Finifher of Leather, UP Specimen and Maker of Vellum and Parchment, who {hall be fumifhed by P-Pers* any Officer of the Revenue with any fuch Specimen Paper, {hall caufe the fame to be fixed on Boards conveniently made for that Purpofe, and (hall caufe fuch Specimen Paper fo fixed, to be hung, polled or put up in his or her Store-houfe, in the mod public and confpicuous Place, and preferve and keep the fame fo polled, in fuch manner that any Officer of the Revenue vifiting at fuch Storehoufe, may view the fame and make Entries thereon ; and if any fuch Tanner, or Drefler, or Maker as aforefaid, {hall not pofl: or put up or preferve fuch Specimen Paper, in manner herein dirc&ed (unavoidable Accidents excepted), he or (he (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.	Penalty.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled, That if any Skins or Pieces Removing of Skins tanned with Sumack, or for Roans, Glove* or Ball s, or any Skim before Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins dreffed in Oil, or DutXmArlte<* any Vellum or Parchment, {hall be removed or conveyed from the andcharJtd* Yard, Workhoufe, Drying Place or Stores of any Tanner, Drefler or Maker thereof, before the Duties payable thereon by Weight or Tale lhall be duly and fully charged by Weight or Tale, and before fuch Hides or Skins or Pieces thereof, or Vellum or Parchment, lhall be {lamped or marked to denote the charging of the faid Duty by Weight or Tale, the Tanner, Drefler or Maker, out of whole Yard or other Place fuch Hides or Calves Skins or other Skins whatever, or Pieces of Hides and Skins, or Vellum or Parchment, lhall have been fo removed or conveyed, and every Buyer, Contra&or or other Perfun who lhall take away or caufe or procure to be taken from any fuch Yard or other Place, any fuch Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, or Vellum or Parchment, or in whofe Poffeflion any fuch {hall be found, lhall, for every Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and all fuch Skins and Pieces of Skins Penalty, tanned with Sumack, or for Roans, Gloves and Bafils, and all fuch Hides and Skins and Pieces of Hides and Skins dreffed in Oil, and all Vellum and Parchment, which lhall be found in any other Place than the Yard, Drying Place or Stores of a licenfed Tanner or Drefler of Leather, or Maker of Vellum and Parchment, without fuch Stamp or Mark as aforefaid, to denote the charging of the faid Duties by Weight or Tale, or which lhall be found in any Place with any falfe or forged Mark or Stamp ufed to denote the 2	charging

 v^oogLe

C. 60.

Penalty.

Accounts fettled and Glanced every Three Months between Tanners and Collett ors.

Penalty.

Commiffioners to provide Stamps for marking Skins, &c. imported into, as well as for thofe tanned.

Ifc. in Ireland.

Counterfeiting Stamps, Icc.

53* GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

charging of the faid Duties by Weight or Tale, or rcfembling any* Part of fuch Mark or Stamp, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and mayr be feized by any Officer of Excife.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That every Tanner of Skins with Sumack, or of Skins tanned for Roans, Gloves or Bairs, and every Dreffer of Hides or Skins in Oil, and every Maker of Vellum and Parchment, (hall, once in every Three Months at leaft, fettle an Account with the Collector of the Diftrift in which he or (lie refide, of and for the Hides and Skins and. Pieces of Hides and Skins, and Vellum and Parchment, of fuch Tanner, Dreffer and Maker refpeftively, which within the time of every fuch Account (hall have been taken out of the Ooze, Mill, Liquor, Oil or other Ingredients ufed for tanning or fteeping, drefiiug or making the fame, and of his Entries thereof, with the Officers ; and (hall at the fame time balance fuch Account, by Hides and Skins or Pieces of Hides and Skins, and Vellum and Parchment, for which the Duty (hall have been charged as aforefaid, and by fuch Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment then remaining in his Hands unmarked, and for which Duty (hall not have been charged as aforefaid ; which Account every fuch Tanner, Drefier and Maker, (hall truly aud faithfully make as aforefaid, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, and that every Officer, upon the taking every fuch Account, (hall inform himfelf concerning the Truth or Falfehood thereof to the end that if fuch Tanner, Drefier or Maker (hall have unlawfully conveyed away any of fuch Hides or Skins contrary to this Aft, or (hall have defrauded His Majefty, his Heirs or Succefibrs, of any Part of the Duties payable for the fame, he may be proceeded again ft for the Recovery of fuch Duties, and of fuch Penalties and Forfeitures as are by this Aft prescribed for fuch Offence.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That the Commifiioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland (hall provide or caufe to be provided Marks or Stamps, with which all Skins and Pieces of Skins tanned with Sumack, or for Roans, Gloves and Bafils, and all Hides and Skins and Pieces of Hides and Skins drefted in Oil, and all Vellum and Parchment imported into Ireland, (hall be marked or (lamped upon the Payment of the Duties on the Importation thereof, and (hall alfo provide Marks and Stamps with which all Skins and Pieces of Skinr tanned in Ireland with Sumack, or for Roans, Gloves and Bafils, and all Hides and Skins drefied in Ireland, and Vellum and Parchment made in Ireland, (hall be (lamped or marked to denote the Payment of the Duty thereon, according to the Weight or Tale thereof 5 and (hall caufe the faid refpe&ive Marks or Stamps to be diftributed to the proper Officers, for the feveral Purpofes before mentioned; and fuch Marks and Stamps, or any of them, (hail or may be altered, changed or renewed from time to time as the faid Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Three or more of them, (hall think fit; and if any Perfon or Pcrfons (hall counterfeit or forge any Stamp or Mark which (hall be kept or ufed for denoting the charging of any Duty chargeable on Hides or Skins, or on Vellum and Parchment, or (hall counterfeit, mark or imprefs, or caufe or procure to be counterfeited, marked or impreffed, upon any Hide or Skin or any Piece of any Hide or Skin, or on any Vellum or Parchment, any Mark or Device to refemble any of the Marks or Devices aforefaid, thereby to defraud His Majefty, his

5	Heirs



C. 66.

*7*

A.D.1813.	530	GEO.	HI.

Heirs or Succeffors, of any of the Duties aforefaid, Or fhall utter, vend or fell, or caufe or procure to be uttered, vended or fold, any Hide or Skin or Piece of any Hide or Skin, or any Vellum or Parchment, with fuch counterfeit Mark or Impreffion thereupon, knowing fuch Mark or Impreffion to be counterfeited, then every fuch Perfon fo offending, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, {hall be adjudged a Felon, and (hall be tranfported for the Term of Seven Years. Tranfportnrioa.

XXVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That as often as the Stamps Sump* altered, or Marks for denoting the charging of the Duty on Hides and Skins

tanned as aforefaid, &nd drefled in Oil, and on Vellum and Parchment,

or any of them, {hall be altered or changed, Notice thereof (hall be Notice.

given by the faid Commiffioners, or any Three or more of them, in the

Dublin Gaxette, for Three fucceffive Days of Publication thereof;

and that any Perfon who {hall have in his or her Cuftody or Poffeffiun

any Hides or Skins marked with the Stamp or Mark before fuch time

in Ufe, may within fuch time as the faid Commiffioners {hall by the

faid Notice appoint, not lefs than Two Months from the Third Day of

the faid Publication of the faid Notice, require the Officers of Excife

authorized to (lamp Hides and Skins and Vellum and Parchment,

to (lamp the fame ; and every fuch Officer is hereby required without Officer to ftamft

Fee or Reward, within Twenty four Hours after Demand, to damp &c‘with new

and mark the fame with the new Stamp or Mark which the faid SuraP»

Commiffioners fhall have provided for denoting the charging of the

faid Duty.

XXVIII.	And be it further enabled. That after the Expiration Skins found

of the Time fo to be appointed, within which fuch Hides and Skins without new and Pieces of Hides and Skin9 and Vellum and Parchment, as had	whit

been {lamped or marked with the former Stamp or Mark ufed for demoting the charging of the faid Duties refpedlively, may be {lamped

or marked with the new Stamp or Mark which fhall have been provided, every Hide or Skin or Piece of any Hide or Skin tanned as aforefaid, or dreffed in Oil, or any Vellum or Parchment, found iu the Poffeflion of any Perfon, without fuch new or altered or changed Stamp or Mark thereon, {hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Penalty Officer of His Majefly’s Revenue.

XXIX.	And be it fuither enadled, That no Drawback of any Drawback not of the Duties chargeable on Hides and Skins and Pieces of Hides allowed ui.lef* and Skins tanned in Ireland, or any Manufadlure of fuch tanned Hides Proof of Payor Skins, or on any Hides or Skins dreffed in Oil, in Ireland, or any mem Manufacture thereof, or on any Vellum or Parchment made in Ireland, **

which fhall be exported, fhall be allowed or paid, unlefs Proof be made p by the Perfon exporting the fame, that all the feveral Duties chargeable, or which ought by Law to have been charged on fuch Hides and Skins, or Vellum and Parchment refpedlively, have been paid 5 nor unlefs the Perfon exporting the fame fhall have performed regularly the fame Requifites, and complied with the fame Regulations as are or may be required by Law to be performed and oblerved by Perfons exporting any Article chargeable with an Inland Duty, whereon any Drawback is payable for obtaining the fame; and luch Drawback when allowed mall be paid by the Colledlor of the Port from which fuch Goods fhall be exported, out of any Monies in his Hands arifing from any Aids granted to His Majefty.

XXX.	And be it further enadled, That all pecuniary Fines ioflidted Recovery of by this Adi (hall be payable in Britijh Currency, and that all and every Fines, Ac.

the



C.6o, 61,62.

14 & 15 Car. a. (t.) Scli:4. C.8.

Appeal.

See 49 G. 3.

c.61.

30 O. 3. c.61.

Sugar of Martinique, &c- admitted to Eufry on Payment ot Duty.

53* GEO. IH.	A	J3.1813.

the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures infli&ed by this Aft (hall and may be fued for, recovered, levied and applied, in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways and means, and with fuch Powers and Authorities as are prescribed, direfted and appointed in and by an A£1 of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majefty Charles the Second, intituled jin AQ for the fettling of the Exeife or new Imfo/l upon Hit Majejly, hit Heirs and Succejfors, according to the Book of Rates therein inferted, or by any Law or Laws relative to His Majefty’s Revenue of Exeife m Ireland, as fully and effectually to all Intents, Conftru&idhs and Purpofes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and exprefled and re-enaCfed in this ACt 5 with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party and Parties who (hall think him, her or themfelves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the faid A& of Exeife, or any other Law or Laws relating to his Majefty’s Revenue of Exeife in Ireland, is provided.

CAP. LXI.

An Aft for railing the Sum of Two Millions by way of Annuities and Treafury Bills for the Service of Ireland.

[3d June 1813.]

44 CONTRIBUTORS for every 100I. (Irijh Currency) entitled to 44 100I. in trie Irilh 3! per Cents, from 25th December 1812 ; and to 44 20I. ir. the Irilh 5I. per Cents. from 25th March 1813 ; and to 44 ill. 15s. Irijh Currency in Treafury Bills payable in Fotir Years 44 from 25th March 1813 at 5 per Cent. Intcrcft, § I. Forging, “ &c. Receipts, &c. Death, § 19.

CAP. LXII.

An Aft to permit the Entry for Home Confumption of Sugar the Produce or Manufacture of Martinique, Mariegalante, Guadeloupe, Saint Eujlatia, Saint Martin and Saba, at a lower Rate of Duty than is payable upon Sugar not of the Britijh Plantations.	[3d	June	1813.]

4 WJ HEREAS, upon the Importation into Great Britain of Sugar 4 W the Growth, Produce or Manufa&ure of the Iflands of ‘ Martinique, Mariegalante, Guadaloupe, Saint Eujlatia, Saint Martin 4 and Saba, the like Duties are payable as upon Sugar not the Growth,

4 Produce or Manufacture of the Britijh Plantations, and it is ex-4 pedient that the Duties (hould be reduced ;* Be it therefore ena&ed by The King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual aud Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aifembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That any Sugar the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any or either of the faid 111 and8 of Martinique, Mariegalante, Guadeloupe, Saint Eujlatia, Saint Martin and Saba, imported before the Twelfth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, may be admitted to Entry for Home Confumption on Payment of Ten Shillings for every Hundred Weight of Clayed Sugar, and Five Shillings for every Hundred Weight ot Mufcovado Sugar, over and above the Duties payable on the like Defcription of Sugar, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the Britijh Plantations; and the CoramifConere of His Majefty's Cuftoms in England and Scotland refpe&iveiy may

continue

 v^.ooQle

C.tfa.

273

AJX1813.	53*GEO%	III*

continue to admit the Entry of any Sugar the Produce of the faid Iflands of Martinique, Mariegalante, Guadeloupe, Saint Euflatia, «SWn/

Marlin and	on Payment of fuch Duties, until it /hall'appear

by Notice in the London Gaxette in manner directed by an Ad paffed in the Thirty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, 3*G*3*^43* intituled An A3 for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar; and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Iflands in Foreign Ships, that the Average Price of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar taken in manner direded by the faid recited Ad for Four Weeks fucceffively, (hall be lefs than Fifty three Shillings the Hundred Weight, when the faid Sugar /hall again be fubjed and liable to Duties, Regulations, Reftridions, Penalties and Forfeitures as Sugar not; of the Britijh Plantations.

II.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Duties of Ten Duties added te Shillings and Five Shillings refpedivcly /hall be an Addition to the D*l^l,ent permanent Duties chargeable on the faid Sugar.

III.	And be it further enacted, That a Drawback of the whole Drawback al-of the faid Duties /hall be allowed on the Exportation of fuch lowe ’

Sugars from Great Britain.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Duties of Cuftoms Duties and and Drawbacks of Duties of Cuftoms /hall be managed, ascertained,

railed, levied, collected, paid, recovered and allowed in fuch and the levi paid‘ like manner as any Duties of Cuftoms or Drawbacks of Duties of Cuftoms of a like nature are managed, ascertained, railed, levied, colle&ed, paid, recovered and: allowed, and under and fubjed to the feveral Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftridions,

Penalties and Forfeitures now in force in relation to or made for fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms in Great Britain,’ and all Pains,

Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures for any Offences whatever committed againft or in Breach of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on or immediately before the pafling of this Ad made for fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the feveral Claufes, Powers ana Diredions therein contained, (hall be in full Force and Effed as to the faid Duties and Drawbacks as fully, and effedually to all Intents and Purpofes as if they were at large repeated and re-ehaded in this Ad.

V.	And be it further enaded, That all Monies from time to Appropriation time arifing from the faid Duties, the neceffary Charges of rai/ing ut,et* and accounting for^the fame refpedively excepted, (hall from time

to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty V Exchequer at Wejlminfler, and /hall be appropriated and applied in the fame manner as the Duties impofed by	an Ad of the Forty ninth Year of	49G*3*c.9&

the Reign of His	prefent	Majefty, intituled An A3 for repealing

the feveral Duties. of Cuftoms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof\ are appropriated and applied.

. '	ISeec.	lO$.§ 10.Joff-]

VI.	And be it	further enaded, That this Ad may be varied.	Ad	altered, &c.

altered or repealed	by any	Ad or Ads to be made in this prefent

Sefiioji of Parliament.

53 Geo. III.	T

CAP.

 LjOOQle

53° geo. HI,

a.d.i8ij.

c. 63.

CAP. LXIII.

AS O.3. c. 7*.

49 0.3. c. 1*3.

Extended te Prises taken

from Inhabitants of United States of America.

An A St to extend Two Afts of the Forty fifth and Forty ninth Years of His prefent Majefty to American Prizes.

[jd June 1813.]

WHEREAS an Aft pafled in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AB for the Em-* couragement of Seamen, and for the better and more cjfeBuatty 4 manning Hie Majejly*: Navy during the prefent War : And whereas 4 the faid Aft contains Provisions and Regulations touching Matters 4 that had arifen or might arife in confequence of the general 4 Reprisals which His Majefty had been pleated te order againft the 4 Ships, Goods and Subjects of the feveral Powers with whom Hia 4 Majefty was engaged in War at the time of the pafling of the faid 4 Act : And whereas one other Aft pafled in the Forty ninth Year 4 of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AB to explain 4 and amend an AB made in the Forty fifth Tear of His prefent majejly 4 for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more 4 effeBually manning His majejly*s Navy during the prefent War ; and 4 for the further Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more 4 effeBually providing for the Interejl of the Royal Hojpitalfor Seamm 4 at Greenwich and the Royal Hofpital for Soldiers at Cheliea ; and to 4 extend the Provifions of the faid AB to cafes arifing in confequence of 4 HofiiRtifS commenced fince the pa/fing of the feua A8 : And whereas 4 the faid Aft, palled in the Forty ninth Year of His Majefty*s 4 Reign, contains certain Alterations of fome of the Provifions of the 4 aforcfaid former Aft, and alfo contains fundry other Provifions and 4 Regulations: And whereas His Majefty hatn, fince the palling of 4 the faid Aft, deemed it neceffary, for the Honour of His Crown 4 and the Safety of His People, to order that general Reprifals 4 (hould be granted againft the Ships, Goods and Citizens of the 4 United States of America, and others inhabiting within the 4 Territories thereof Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all and every of the Provifions and Regulations contained in the laid Aft, pafled in the Forty fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, fo far as the fame are not varied, altered or repealed by the faid other Aft, pafled in the Forty ninth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, and alfo that all and every the Provifions, Regulations and Enaftments contained in the faid Aft, pafled in the Forty nioth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, (hall be applied to all cafes arifing from the faid Orders of general Reprifal, iflued againft the Ships, Goods and Citizens of the faid United States of America, and others inhabiting within the Territories thereof, in like manner and to the like Effeft as the faid Provifions, Regulations and Enaftments are direfted to be applied to all cafes arifing from the Orders of general Reprifal recited in the faid Afts, and (hall extend to all Proceedings which have been had or may hereafter be had in confequence of the faid Orders of Reprifal ifiued againft the Ships, Goods and Citizens of the faid United States of America, and others inhabiting within the Territories thereof, in as full Force and Effeft as if the Tame were particularly enafted in this Aft, fubjeft neverthe-

le(s

 LjOOQle

275

A.D.1813*	53°®®®* nL	€.63,64.

lefs with refpeft to the Diftribution of any Prize Money arifing in confequence of the faid general Reprifals, to fuch Provifions and Regulations as His Majefty has thought fit to eftabliffi by any Proclamation for that Purpofe.

II.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft may be amended, Aft amended, altered or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be pafied in this Seffion of **• Parliament.

CAP. LXTV.

An Aft for the better Regulation of the Court of Sefiion in,

Scotland.	[3d June	1813.]

WHEREAS an Aft was pafied in the Fiftieth Year of the 50G.3.c.m. Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for abridg-* ing the Form of extraSing Decrees of the Court of SeJJion in Scot*

4 land, and for the Regulation of certain Parts of the Proceedings 4 of that Court, whereby it was, among other things, enafted,

• That the three junior Ordinary Judges of the Firft Divifion of * the Court of Sefiion, and the Two junior Ordinary Judges of ‘ the Second Divifion, fhould be relieved from Attendance in the ‘ Inner Houfe, and fhould, from and after the pafiing of the faid € Aft, not fit therein, but fhould fit as Lords Ordinary in the • Outer Houfe, to perform the Bufinefe of the Outer Houfe ; but § 3X-4 by which Aft it was provided, that the then junior Judges, who 4 might be affefted by the faid Regulation, fhould not be bound by € it except with their own Confent, and therefore that the Courfe of 4 Rotation fhould remain as it was at the pafiing of the faid Aft,

• until, either by the Confent of the faid Judges or by new Ap-4 pointment of Judges, the requifite Number could be obtained for * carrying the faid Syftem into Execution s And whereas by fuch « new Appointments, fuch requifite Number is foon likely to be € obtained, and it is expedient to make fome further Regulations in 4 that BehalfMay it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted, and be it enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the paffing What of this Aft, the Three junior Ordinary Judges of the Firft Divifion p1*1 °®c,*e a* of the Court of Sefiion, and the Two junior Ordinary Judges of L^/ordfoary. the Second Divifion for the time being, mall officiate as Permanent	,

Lords Ordinary, in the manner hereinafter direfted.

II.	And be it enafted. That the junior or laft appointed Judge What Judge for the time being, of the (aid Three junior Ordinary Judges of the	15

Firft Divifion, (hall in time of Seffion officiate exclufively as Lord ^ the Ordinary on the Bills, and perform the whole bufinefs of the Bill Vacation. Chamber in time of Sefiion : Provided neverthelefs, that during the Spring, A utumn and Chriftmas Vacations, the whole Thirteen Ordinary Lords of Sefiion fhall continue to officiate as Ordinaries on the Bills, by Rotation each Week, as at prefent$ any thing herein or in the Afts herein recited to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	And be it further enafted, That all Remits made from the Rwnitifrom Lords of Council and Sefiion, as Commifiioners for Plantation of r^tiveftJe,ud5’ Kirks and Valuation of Teinds, to a Lord Ordinary, fhall be made	in	Sc-

to the faid laft appointed Judge of the faid Three junior Ordinary questions, &c(

T 2	Judges

 v^.ooQle

27	C.64.	53,GEO»m.	A.D.1813.

made to Lord Ordinary.

Death, Refigna. tion, 8cc. of unior Judge.

Reclaiming and Report, Prorifo for.

Lords Ordinary in the Outer Houfe how appointed.

PronTo.

Judges of the Firft Divifion ; and alfq all Remits by either Divifion of the Court of Seffion to a Lord Ordinary, in Matters relating to Sequeftration or Bankruptcy, and in fucb other Matters as to either Divifion (hall feem proper, (hall be made to the faid laft appointed Judge of the faid Three junior Ordinary Judges of the faid Firft Divifion ; and fuch laft appointed Judge (hall officiate in the Outer Houfe and Bill Chamber, according to the Rules and Forms of Proceedings at prefent eftablifhed, or which (hall be eftablifhed, by any A A or Ads of Sederunt of the whole Court of Selfion or a Quorum thereof.

IV. Provided always, and be it enaded, That in cafe of the Death, Relignation, Sicknefs or neceflary Abfence of the faid laft appointed or junior Ordinary Judge of the faid Firft Divifion, it (hall be coroptent to the whole Court of Seffion, or a Quorum thereof, to appoint the faid other Four Permanent Ordinaries to officiate each Week by Rotation, as Ordinaries in the Bill Chamber and in Teind Proceffes, and other Matters above mentioned, until the faid junior Judge (hall again officiate, or another Judge be appointed in his ftead.

V.	And be it enaded, That in all cafes after the Commencement of this Ad, where any Application in the Bill Chamber (hall be made to the faid laft appointed or junior Ordinary Judge of the Firft Divifion, the Party cpmplaining or making the Application, (hall notify to fuch Judge the Divifion of the Court to which fuch Application (hall be underftood to belong; and it (hall be competent to either Party who (hall be diflatisfied with any Interlocutor pronounced by fuch Lord Ordinary, to reclaim to fuch Divifion fo notified; and in cafes of Remits to fuch laft appointed or junior Judge of the Firft Divifion, it (hall only be competent to reclaim to that Divifion of the Court by which the Remit (hall have been made; and in Remits from the Lords of Seffion, as Commiffioners for Plantation of Kirks and Valuation of Teinds, it (hall be competent to reclaim to the faid Lords as fuch Commiffioners; and in cafes where fuch laft appointed or junior Judge (hall think fit to take any Caufe to report, (uch Report (hall be made to the Divifion or Court to whom, in the Event of reclaiming, the Party or Parties is or are hereby direded and appointed to reclaim.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That the Two other of the laid Three junior Ordinary Judges of the laid Firft Divifion, and the faid Two junior Ordinary Judges of the Second Divifion, (hall officiate as Permanent Lords Ordinary in manner hereinafter direded ; that is to fay. One of the faid Four Ordinary junior Judges (hall officiate each Week in time of Seffion, in the Outer Houfe, for hearing and determining Caufes in the Rolls of Sufpenfiorts, Advocations, Regulations and Ordinary Adions; and for that Purpofe the faid Four Judges (hall fit in the Outer Houfe weekly by Rotation, in fuch manner as that a Judge or Ordinary of the Firft Divifion (hall officiate the Firft Week, a Judge or Ordinary of the Second Divifion the Second Week, a Judge or Ordinary of the Firft Divifion the Third Week, and a Judge or Ordinary of the Second Divifion the Fourth Week; and fo alternately thereafter, sL Judge of the one Divifion following a Judge of the other, as Ordinary in the Outer Houfe, for hearing Caufes in the Rolls of Sufpenfions, Advocations, Regulations and Ordinary Adions: Provided always, that in the

Event -



*77

A.D. i#i3* *	53*GEO* III*

C.64.

Event of fuch Arrangement bbing at any time prevented from taking place by the Death, Refignation, Sicknefs or Abfence of any of the laid Permanent Ordinaries, it (hall be competent to the whole Court of Seffion, or a Quorum thereof, to make fuitable Regulations for the Difpatch of Bufiuefs during fuch Interruption of the ordinary Rotation.

VII.	And be it enadled, That fuch Four Permanent Ordinaries, Where Four when officiating each Week as aforefaid, in hearing and determining Permanent Or-Caufes in the Rolls of Sufpenftons, Advocations, Regulations and d,nar***t0 “• Ordinary Adlions, and when officiating at other times in carrying on

the Procefles depending before them, fnall fit and officiate in the Outer Houfe, according to the Rules and Forms of Proceeding at prefent edablifhed with refpedl to Lords Ordinary, or which (hall be eftablifhed by any Adt or Adis of Sederunt of the whole Court of Seffion or Quorum thereof.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enadled, That all Procefles Proceffesde-and Proceedings at prefent depending before any of the Thirteen aht^LortoOr-Lords Ordinary belonging to either Divifion of the Court of Seffion, dinary brought (hall be carried on and brought to a Conclufion before fuch Lord to a Condufioo Ordinary in the fame manner as if there had been no Appointment of ty them. Permanent Ordinaries 5 for which Purpofe each of fuch Lords

Ordinary fhall fit and officiate in the Outer Houfe, in fuch manner and at fuch time and times as (hall be dire&ed by any Adi or Adts of Sederunt of the whole Court of Seffion or Quorum thereof.

IX.	And be it further enadled, That it (hall be competent for Remits ob either Divifion of the Court, or for any Ordinary, to remit any new Comingemiam. Procefs to any of fuch Thirteen Lord Ordinaries, ob Contingentiam *

of any other Procefs already depending before him at the pamng of this Adi.

X.	And be it enadled, That in the Event of the Death or Refigna- Death, &c of tion of any of the faid Ordinary Judges, other than the faid Five ?rjJ,na,7 Jud?ei Permanent Ordinaries, it (hall be competent to the whole Court of ^r^,nent o** Seffion or Quorum thereof, to remit, by an Adi of Sederunt or diaries* Court otherwife, the Procefles then depending before any fuch Ordinary of Seffion may Judge to any or fuch of the Permanent Ordinaries belonging to the remit Procefles. fame Divifion as to the faid Court or Quorum thereof (hall appear

to be proper, and that it (hall be competent to make fuch Remit without any Petition or Motion to that Effedl.

XI.	And be it enadled, That in the Event of the Death dr Death,&cof

Resignation of the faid lad appointed or junior Judge of the faid junior Judge of Firft Divifion for the time being, or in the Event of his ceafing	^j?0“»

to be fuch laft appointed or junior Judge of the faid Firft Divifion, may^emii* °U it (hall be competent to the whole Court of Seffion or Quorum Procefles. thereof, in like manner to remit, by an Adi of Sederunt or otherwife,

the Procefles then depending before fuch lad appointed or junior Judge to the Judge who (hall be appointed fuch lad or junior Judge of the faid Fird Divifion, and that without any Petition or Motion for that Purpofe.

XI^ And be it enadled, That in the Event of the Death or Re- Death of Per7 fignation or Removal into the Inner Houfe of any of the faid Four mnnent Ordi-Permanent Ordinaries, it (hall be competent to the whole Court varies, Court or Quorum thereof, in like manner to remit the Procefles then depending before fuch Permanent Ordinary to One of the faid pttKjjDg| &c%

Tj

Four



278

C.64.

53° GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

48 G. 3. c. iji. §8.

Equality of Void v m either Divifion.

Either Divifion reduced below a Quorum. Provifo.

48 G.3. c. 151. § 10.

Queftions in Writing Bated for Opinion Judges. Provilo.

48 G. 3. c. 151.

*3-

repealed.

Four Permanent Ordinaries belonging to the fame Divifion, and that without any Petition or Motion for that Purpofe.

4 XTII. And whereas by an A& palled in the Forty eighth Year 4 of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Adt concerning 4 the Admimjlration of Jujl'tce in Scotland, and concerning Appeals to 4 the Houfe of Lords, it is ena&ed, That in cafe there (hould be an 4 Equality of Voices in either Division, the Caufe or Matter (hould 4 remain for fubfequent Difcuffion and Decifion ; and in cafe, upon 4 fuch fubfequent Difcuffion and Deciiion there (hould be again an 4 Equality of Voices, the Judges of the faid Divifion (hould call 4 in One of the Lords Ordinary of the fame Divifion from the 4 Outer Houfe, in the Order of their Seniority, as Judges to be 4 prefent at the Difcuffion, and to vote in fuch cafe Be it ena&ed. That in fuch laft mentioned cafe, the Judges of the faid Firft Divifion (hall call in One of the faid Three junior Ordinary Judges in Rotation, beginning with the fenior of the faid Three Judges ; and the Judges of the faid Second Divifion (hall call in One of the faid Two junior Ordinal Judges in Rotation, beginning with the fenior of the faid Two Ordinary Judges, to be prelent at the Dif-cuffion, and to vote in fuch cafe.

XIV. And whereas it may happen that by reafon of Death, Refignation, Sicknefs, Declinature or unavoidable Abfence, the Number of either Divifion may be reduced to lefs than a Quorum of Three ; Be it ena&ed. That in any fuch cafe it (hall be competent for fuch Divifion to call in One or more of the Permanent Ordinaries of fuch Divifion in Rotation, beginning with the fenior; which Ordinary or Ordinaries, fo called in, (hall vote in fuch cafe, as if he or they were Members of the Inner Houfe of fuch Divifion.

4 XV. And whereas it is by the faid laft recited Ad ena&ed. That 4 it (hould be competent to the Judges of either Divifion, or the 4 Quorum thereof, in any cafes which (hould appear to them to be 4 cafes of Importance and Difficulty, to date Queftions of Law in 4 Writing on fuch cafes, and to require the Opinions of the Judges 4 of the other Divifion to be given thereupon, and that fuch Judges 4 (hould be bound to communicate their Opinion thereupon, either 4 as a colle&ive Body or as individual Judges: And whereas it 19 4 expedient in fuch cafes, that the Opinions of the faid Three junior • Ordinary Judges of the Firft Divifion, and of the faid Two junior 4 Ordinary Judges of the Second Divifion, (hould alfo be required Be it therefore ena&ed, That in all cafes where Queftions of Law (hall be fo ftated in Writing, it (hall be competent to the Judges of either Divifion, or the Quorum thereof, to require the Opinions of the faid Five Permanent Ordinaries as well as the Opinions of the Judges of the Inner Houfe of the other Divifion 5 and the faid Five Permanent Ordinaries, and the Judges of the Inner Houfe of the other Divifion, (hall be bound to communicate their Opinions thereupon.

4 XVI. And whereas by the faid laft recited A& it is ena&cd, 4 That in each the faid Divifions there (hould be an equal Number of 4 the Judges of the Court of Judiciary, including the Lord Juftice 4 Clerk : And whereas, by reafon of the Regulations preferibed by 4 this A£t, the circumftances in which fuch Provifion wasappb-4 cable, no longer exift Be it therefore ena£ted, That the laid 4 Protifion (hall be and the ferae is hereby repealed.

4 XVII. And

 CjOOQLC

* XVII. And whereas a vpry great Number of Bills, commonly 4 called Plack Bills, are daily presented at the Bill Chamber, which

*	Bills, after being endorfed by the Clerk of the Bills; in Token of

*	their being properly vouched by the requifite Documents presented

*	to him for Examination, do now require the Subfcription of the 4 Lord Ordinary on the Bills, whereby much Trouble and wafte of 4 time is occafiooed both to the Judges and Agents Be it therefore enaded, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, the Endor-fation of the Clerk of the Bills officiating for the time, on fuch Bills ufually called Plack Bills, (hall be fufficient without the Subfcription of the Lord Ordinary; except in cafes where a Doubt or Difficulty (hall occur to the Clerk of the Bills, which he (hall report to the Lord Ordinary, whofe Subfcription fliall then be neceflary.

XVIIL And be it ena&ed, That the faid firft recited Ad pa fled in the Fiftieth Year of His prefent Majefty, and the faid laft recited Ad of the Forty eighth Year of His prelent Majefty, excepting in fo far as the fame are altered or repealed by this Ad, (hall remain in force, and receive Effed, in fuch and the fame manner as if this Ad had not been made.

CAP. LXV.

An Ad for continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, an Ad made in the Thirty third Year of His prefent Majefty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.	[3d	June 1813.]

4 TT 7 HE REAS an Ad was made in the Thirty third Year of 4 VV His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A8 for rendering 4 the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of 4 Great Britain called Scotland ; which faid Ad was to continue for 4 Five Years from the Seventeenth Day of June One thoufand feven 4 hundred and ninety three, and from tnence to the End of the then 4 next Seffion of Parliament; and was further continued by Six Ads 4 of the Thirty ninth, Forty fourth, Forty fixth, Forty eighth,

* and Forty ninth, and Fifty firft Years of the Reign of His prefent 4 Majefty, until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thoufand eight. 4 hundred and thirteen: And whereas it is expedient that the faid Ad 4 (hould be continued for a further Term May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid Ad of the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more eaual and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen.

T 4	CAP.

Plack Bills. Provifa.

50 O. 3. c. 11%. 48 G. 3. c. IJI. in forces

33G.3.C.74?

continued



C.<56,67,

53* GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

Doubts refpeft-irrg Scite* of P-rifh Churches In Ireland explained.

S3 0-3- c.ia.

Hi* Majefty may authorize Governors of Weft India Iftands, &c. t-> }>er .nit Import ation and Exportation of certain Articles,

CAP. LXVI.

An Aft for explaining and clearing up certain Doubts refpefting the Scites of Parifh Churches within Ireland.

[3d June 1813.3

‘ TT7^HEREAS in cafes where it has been neceffary to rebuild 4 VV Parifli Churches, Doubts have been entertained whether any

•	Change could lawfully be made in the Scite thereof, even within

*	the Limits of the Church Yard of the Parifli ;* Be it therefore enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That every Church in Ireland9 which has been rebuilt within the laft Fifty Years, (hall be deemed and taken to be the Parifli Church of the Parifli or Union in which it is fituated, to all Intents and Purpofes, notwithftanding the Scite or Pofition of fuch new Church (hall be different from that of the old one 5 provided it has been erefted on Ground fet apart as a Church Yard for the Parifh 5 and that in all cafes hereafter, when it (hall be neceffary to rebuild any Parifli Church, fuch new Church (hall be deemed and taken to be the Parifli Church, to all Intents and Purpofes, notwithftanding the Scite or Pofition of the new Church (hall be different from that of the old one : Provided always, that fuch new Church (hall be erefted on the Ground fet apart as a Church Yard for the Parifli; and provided alfo, that the Plan of fuch new Church, and the Change in the Pofition thereof, (hall be approved by the Archbifhop of the Province and the Ordinary of the Diocele in which it is fituated.

CAP. LXVII.

An Aft for empowering His Majefty to authorize the Importation and Exportation of certain Articles into and from, the Wejl Indies, South America and Newfoundland, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Seflion of Parliament.	[3d June 1813.}

*' \\J HE RE AS it is neceffary further to continue fora limited time € VV the Powers vetted in His Majefty, by virtue of an Aft patted 4 in the prefent Seflion of Parliament, intituled An A3 for indemni-4 fying fuch Perfotis as have advifed or a Bed under an Order in Council 4 for allowing the Importation of certain Articles into the Weft Indies, * and for permitting fuch Importation until the Thirtieth Day of June 4 One thnufandeight hundred and thirteen ;* Be it enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful for His Majefty, from and after the paffing of this Aft, and until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Seflion of Parliament, by any Order or Orders in Council for that Purpofe to be iffued, further to authorize the Governor or Lieutenant Goverhor of any of the Iflands in the Wejl Indies to His Majefty belonging, in which Defcription the Bahamaand Bermuda or Somers IJlands are included, or of any of the Lands and Territories to Hia

Majefty



281

A.D* 1813.	53*GEO.	III.	C.67,68.

Majefty belonging on the Continent of South America, to permit the Importation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Bifcuit and Rice, into any of the faid I (lands, Lands and Territories, in any unarmed Ship or Veffel not belonging to France or to the Subje&s or Inhabitants thereof, or of any Port or Place annexed to the Territories of France, and to export therefrom in fuch Ship or Veffel, Rum and Mobiles, and any other Goods and Commodities whatfoever, except Sugar, Indigo, Cotton Wool, Coffee and Cocoa, fubjed to fuch Re^ gulations and Reftridions as (hall be contained in fuch Order or Orders, and to fuch Inftru&ions, as the Governor or Lieutenant Governor may from time to time receive from His Majeffy, fignified by One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State.

* II. And whereas it is neceffary to provide in like manner for a

*	more ready Supply of certain Articles to the Ifland of Newfound-

*	land, than can now be had, under an Ad paffed in the Twenty eighth

€ Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AB for regulating 28G.3 c.f.

*	the Trade between the SubjeBs of His Majeflys Colonies and Plant a*

*	tions in North America, and in the Weil India Iflands, and the € Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between His

*	Majejly's faid SubjeBs and the Foreign Iflands in the Weft Indies

Be it therefore enaded, That, from and after the palling of this Supply of certain Ad, and until the Expiration of Six Weeks from the Commence- Articles to New-ment of the next Seflion of Parliament, it (hall and may be lawful for foundknd.

His Majefty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to permit or to authorize the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of Newfoundland, in fuch manner and under fuch Reftridions as to His Majefty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, (hall feem fit, fubied to fuch Inftrudions as may be from time to time fignified to fuch Governor or Lieutenant Governor, by One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, to permit, when the neceffity of the cafe (hall appear to His Majefty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to require it, from time to time, the Importation into the faid Ifland of Newfoundland, of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Rice and Ground Provifions, and the Exportation from the faid Ifland of New* foundland, of any Articles, Goods and Commodities that (hall be mentioned in fuch Order of His Majefty in Council, in any unarmed Ship or Veffel not belonging to France, or to the Subjeds or Inhabitants thereof, or of any Port or Place annexed to the Territories of France.

III.	And be it further enaded, That all Ads done by virtue of Ordersia any fuch Order or Orders in Council, (hall be valid and legal; any Council*

Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Ad to repeal the Exemption from Toll granted for or in refped of Carriages with more than Two Wheel', carrying the Mail in Scotland; and for granting a Rate.for Poftage, as an Indemnity for the Lofs which may arife to the Revenue of the Poft Office from the Payment of fuch To{ls.

[3d/war 1813.]

« TT 7 HE RE AS by an Ad paffed in the Twenty fifth Year of »5G.3.c.57.

« VV the Reign of His prefent Majefty, iQtitule4 An AB to

9 exempt Carriages carrying the Mailfrom paying Tolls at any Turnpike

9 Gate



C68.

53* GEO. III.

Repeal vf

emptions in Scotland.

Exemptions in l.ocal Ads for Scotland, repealed.

Carriages with Two Wheels conveying Maili exempted.

4 Gate in Great Britain, k was enaded, That, from and after the 4 Fifteenth Day of July One thouland feven hundred and eighty fire,

*	all Carnages of what Description Soever, or Horfes whico fiiould

*	be employed in conveying from one Part of the Kingdom to

*	another the Mail or Packet which (hould be made up under the € Authority or Dire&ion of His Majefty’s Poftmafter General, or

*	his Deputy or Deputies, (hbuld be and the fame were thereby « exempted, freed and difeharged from the Payment of any Tolls 4 whatloever that (hould or might be demanded for the Pailage of 4 Carriages or Horfes through any Turnpike, Toll Gate, or Bar 4 at which any Toll was colleded by any Ad or Ads of Parliament 4 then in force: And whereas a fimiliar Exemption has been granted 4 by all or moft of the Ads of Parliament which have been palled,

*	fince the faid recited Ad, for making and maintaining any Turn*

4 pike Road or Bridge, or for altering or enlarging the Powers of

*	luch Ads of Parliament; but which Exemption ought to ceafe 4 and determine in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in fo

*	far as regards Carriages with more than Two Wheels, or any Horfe 4 or Horfes drawing tne fame:9 May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded ; and be it eoaded by the King's Mok Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aUembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, the faid recited Ad palled in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed, in fo far only as the fame applies to Scotland* and fave and except in regard to Carnages with Two Wheels conveying only the (aid Mail or Packet, with their Driver, and any Horfe or Horfes drawing the fame, and any Horfe, not drawing, employed in conveying the faid Mail or Pacxet, which (hall continue exempted from the Payment of any Tolls or Duties 5 any thing in this Ad to the contrary notwithftanding*

II.	And be it further enaded, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, every Exemption granted by any Ad or Ads of Parliament which (hall be in force in Scotland at the palling of this Ad, whereby any Carriages or Horfes drawing the fame, which fhail be employed in conveying from one Part of the Kingdom to another the Mail or Packet which (hall be made up under the Authority and Diredioo of His Majefty's Poftmafter Ueneral, or his Deputy or Deputies, are exempted, freed and difeharged from the Payment of the Tolls or Duties thereby granted, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and fuch and the like Tolls and Duties (hall thenceforth be paid and payable for and in refped of fuch Carriages or Horfes carrying tbe laid Mail or Packet in Scotland, as arc and (hall be paid and pay* able for or in refped of Carriages or Horfes of the like Defcrip-tion, not carrying fuch Mail or locket, palling through any Turnpike Gate in Scotland.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That Carnages with Two Wheels, conveying only the faid Mail or Packet, with their Driver, and any Horfe or Horfes drawing the Dune, and any Horfe, not drawing, employed in conveying the (aid Mail or Packet, (hall continue exempted from the Payment of any fuch Tolls or Duties \ any thing m this Ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	Pm-



C.68

53c GEO, IH.

283

IV. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no fuch Stopping Mail Carriages or Horfes carrying the faid Mail or Packet (hall be (topped	at

at any Turnpike Gate or Bar in Scotland, for Payment of the TV>lls any TurnPilc#* or Duties payable for or in refped of fuch Carriages or Horfes; nor (hall fuch Tolls or Duties be let to farm, but the fame (hall be paid out of the Revenue of the Poll Office in Scotlandf at fuch time and in fuch manner as may be fettled and agreed upon by and between the feveral Truftees entitled to demand or receive the fame, and the Deputy in Scotland to His Majefty’s Poftmailer Geueral, in fuch manner as that Payment may be made, at lead Once in every Three Calendar Months : Provided neverthelefs, that whenever fuch an Agreement (hall not be made, or being made (hall not be performed, then the feveral Tolls or Duties leviable for or in refpea of any fuch Carriages or Horfes carrying the (aid Mail or Packet, (hall and may be recovered, in the Name of the Treafurer or Clerks of the refpedive Trulls, in the Court of Seffion or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland by fummary Application, againil the Deputy in Scotland to His Ma *s Poftmailer General.

V. And be it furt enaded, That if any Keeper of any Toll Toll Bar Keep-Bar, or any other Perfon, (hall wilfully obftrud or delay any Carriage Mafl'carria e*. or Horfe conveying the faid Mail or Packet at or in palling any ' arr,aSei-Turnpike Gate, every Perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuen Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, Penalty, to be recovered within Three Calendar Months thereafter, on Proof uppn Oath of the Offence either by the voluntary Confeffion of the Party or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes before any Jullice of the Peace of the County or Stewartry or Place where the Offence (hall be committed, or where the Offender lhall be or refide, to be levied by Dillrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods Diftrefs*

and Effeds under the Hand of fuch Jullice, rendering the Overplus (if any) after dedu&ing the Charges of fuch Dillrefs and Sale, to the Perfon whofe Goods and Effeds lhall have been fo dillrained or fold ; and for want of fufficient Dillrefs, fuch Jullice is hereby Imprifonmenu required to commit fuch Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Stewartry or Place where the Offence lhall have been committed, for any time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, and every fuch Penalty (hall and may be levied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons fuing for the fame.

VI. And, in order to make up any Lofs which may arife to the Revenue of the Poll Office from the Payment of the Tolls and Duty hereby direded to be made by the Deputy in Scotland, to His Majefty’s Poftmailer General, to the feveral Truftees entitled to demand and receive the fame, be it therefore enaded. That it lhall hof* arifing tv and may be lawful to and for His Majefty’s Poftmailer General, *^cjJueJJade and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto authorized, to and f. . for the Ufe of His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, from and after the palling of this Ad, to demand, have, receive and take for the Poll and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets which he lhall convey, carry or fend Poll, in or by any Mail Coach or Carriage with more than Two Wheels, to or from any Place within Scotland, or from any Place within England and Ireland, or from any Parts beyond the Seas to any Place within Scotland, or from any Place within Scotland to any Place in England or Ireland, or any Pans beyond the Seas, in addition to all other Rates and Duties now

payable





284

Letters conveyed where Mail Coaches not eftablifhed,

Additional Duty paid into Exchequer.

General lflue in Court of Exchequer.

Treble Cods.

Libel in Court ofSeflion.

Treble Cofts.

A€t altered, &e.

C.68, 69.	530 GEO. III.	A.D.	1813.

payable for the Conveyance by the Pod of fuch .Letters and Packets, the Sum of One Halfpenny for each Letter and Packet.

VII.	Provided always,> and be it further ena&ed, That the Rates and Duties hereby granted (hall not be payable for Letters conveyed by the Poft in Scotland upon Roads where Mail Coaches are not now eftablifhed in Scotland; but in cafe Mail Coaches fhall at any future time be eftablifhed on fuch Roads, the like Rate of Poftage of One Halfpenny a Letter fhall from thenceforth be payable in like manner as the prefent additional Rate of One Halfpenny is hereby made payable.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That the Duties hereby granted (hall from time to time be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General for the time being of the Revenue of the Poft Office, who fhall pay the fame (the neceflary Charges of collecting, paying and accounting for the fame being firft deduded) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and fhall be appropriated and applied to fuch and the fame Ufes as the prefent Rates and Duties of Poftage are by Law applicable.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons (Hall at any time be fued, molefted or profecuted for any thing by him, her or them done or executed in purfuance of this Ad, or of any Claufe, Matter or Thing herein contained, fuch Perfon and Perfons fhall and may, in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, plead the General lflue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his, her or their Defence ; and if upon the Trial a Verdid fhall pafs for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall become nonfuited, then fuch Defendant or Defendants fhall have Treble Cofts awarded to him, her or them, againft fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs ; and in every fuch Adion or Procefs brought before the Court of Seflion in Scotland, the Defendant or Defendants fhall tad may deny the Libel, and give this Ad and the Special Matter in Evidence, and that the fame was done in purfuance of and by the Authority of this Ad 5 and if the fame fhall appear to have been fo done, or if fuch Adion or Procefs fhall be found irrelevant, or be otherwise difmifled, or the Purfuer or Purfuers fhall not profecute the Adion or Procefs, or fuffer the fame to fall afleep; or if the Judgment fhall be given againft the Purfuer or Purfuers, the Defender or Defenders fhall nave Treble Cofts, and fhall have fuch Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defender or Defenders hath or have for Cofts in any other cafes of Law in Scotland\

X.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad may be varied, altered or repealed by any Ad to be paffed in this prefent Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. LXIX.

An Ad for railing the Sum of Twenty feven Millions by way of Annuities.	[aad	June	1813O

CAP.



53° GEO. IIL

C.70.



CAP. LXX.

An A€t to authorize the Sellers of Glafs, Hides, Tobacco and Snuff, to charge the additional Duties on any fuch Articles ordered before but not delivered until after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twelve.

[22d June 1813.]

*	YT7HEREAS by an Aft made in the Fifty fecond Year of the „

*	VV Reigaof His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for granting 5* G. 3* c.94.

*	to His Majefty additional Duties of Excife in Great Britain on Glaft, § J*

*	Hides, and Tobacco and Snuff, reciting that Contrafts or Agree-4 ments might have been made before the palling of that Aft by

*	Makers or Manufafturers of or Dealers in the refpeftive Goods,

4 Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, upon which additional 4 Duties were by that Aft impofed for fuch Goods, Wares, Mer-4 chandize or Commodities refpeftively to be delivered after the

*	Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, it 4 was enafted, that fuch Makers, Manufafturers or Dealers delivering 4 fuch Goods, Wares, • Merchandize or Commodities refpeftively 4 after that Day, in purfuance of fuch Contrafts or Agreements,

4 fhould be allowed to add fo mucli Money as would be equivalent 4 to the Duties by that Aft impofed for or in refpeft of fuch Goods,

4 Wares, Merchandize or Commodities refpeftively, to the Price 4 thereof, and fhould be entitled by virtue of that Aft to be paid for 4 the fame accordingly: And whereas Orders were received by many 4 fuch Makers, Manufafturers and Dealers refpeftively, for the Sale 4 and Supply of Quantities of fuch Goods, Wares, Merchandize and 4 Commodities refpeftively, many of which Quantities were not in faft 4 delivered to the Purchasers or Perfons giving fuch Orders till after 4 the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twelve,

4 and others of fuch Quantities may not have been yet delivered; but 4 inafmuch as no Contrafts or Agreements were made for the Deli-4 very of fuch Quantities of Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Com-4 modities after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight 4 hundred and twelve, Doubts have arifen whether the Makers,

4 Manufafturers or Dealers delivering the fame are by the faid Aft 4 allowed to add to the Price thereof fo much Money as would be 4 equivalent to the Duties by that Aft impofed for or in refpeft 4 thereof :* Now, to obviate and remove all fuch Doubts, be it enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty by and with the Ad-vice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority

of the fame, That fuch Makers, Manufafturers or Dealers, who (hall Dutie* added to have already delivered or (hall hereafter deliver any fuch Goods, Prices.

Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, (hall by allowed to add fo much Money as will be equivalent to the Duties by that Aft impofed, for or in refpeft of fuch Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities refpeftively to the Price thereof, and (hall be entitled by virtue of the faid recited Aft and this Aft to be paid for the fame accordingly, notwithftanding no Contraft or Agreement that fuch Goods (hould be delivered after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twelve (hall have been made.

CAP.





a 86

530 GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

C.71.

Lifts of Voters intended to be objected to, delivered to Clerk of Houfe of Commons:

For Counties within Ten Days.

For «U other Places, within Five Days.

Evidence confined to Objections particularized in Lifts.

Cofts on frivolous or vexatious Objections.

CAP. LXXI.

An A£t for amending and rendering more effeftual the Laws

for the Trials of Controverted Eledions and Returns of

Members to ferve in Parliament.	[22d	June	1813.]

•	TT7HEREAS divers Ads of Parliament have been made for 4 VV regulating the Trial of Controverted Eledion9 or Return8

*	of Members to Terve in Parliament: And whereas it is expedient 4 that further Regulations (hould be made for that Purpofe ;* Be it enaded by the King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual ana Temporal, and Commons, in this pretent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the lame, That in all cafes of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to ferve in Parliament for Great Britain, all the Parties complaining of or defending fuch Eledions or Returns (hall by them Selves or tbeir Agents deliver in to the Clerk of the Houfe of Commons, Lifts of the Voters intended to be objeded to, to be by the faid Clerk kept in his Office, open to the Infpedion of all Parties concerned; giving in the fata Lifts the feveral Heads of Objections, and diftinguiming the fame againft the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that fuch Lifts (hall be fo delivered in upon all Controverted Eledions and Returns for Scotland, or for any County in England or Wales, Ten Days at leaft before the Day appointed for tne Confideration of the Petition complaining of fuch Eledion and Return ; and upon all other Controverted Eledions or Returns for England or Walest Five Days at leaft before the Day appointed for the Confideration of fuch Petition: Provided always, and be it enaded, That if the Confideration of any fuch Petition (hall be poftponed by Order of the Houfe during the fame Seffion, or (hall be renewed at the Commencement of another Seffion, it (hall be fufficient if fuch Lifts (hall be fo delivered within fuch Periods as are hereby direded, before the Committees for the Trial of fuch Petitions (hall be adually appointed.

II. And be it further enaded, That no Evidence (hall be adduced before the Seled Committee appointed for the Trial of the Petition upon which fuch Lift (hall have been delivered in, againft the Validity of any Vote upon any Head of Objedion to fuch Voter, other than One of the Heads fo fpecified and particularized againft him in fuch Lift as aforefaid 5 and that if any Ground of Objedion (hill be dated againft any Voter in fuch Lifts, and no Evidence (hall be produced before fuch Seled Committee, to fubftantiate fuch Objedion, and if fuch Seled Committee (hall be of Opinion that fuch Objedion was frivolous or vexatious, the faid Committee (hall report the lame to the Houfe of Commons, together with their Opinion on the other Matters relating to the faid Petition ; and the Party or Parties oppofite (hall in fuch cafe be entitled to recover from the Party or Parties by whom or on whofe Behalf any fuch Objedions were made, the full Cofts and Expences incurred by reafon of fuch frivolous or vexatious Objections ; which Cofts and Expences (hall be ascertained and recovered in the fame manner and Form as are now provided by Law for the Recovery of Cofts and Expences in cafes of frivolous or vexatious Petitions.

‘ III. And

\



A.D. 1813.	53*020..	IIL	C.71.	2I7

* III. And whereas it is expedient that Provifion fhall be made to

*	enfure the more punctual Payment of all Cods, Expences and Fees

*	which may become due to Witnefles; Officers of the Houfe, and

*	Parties, by reafon of the Trial of Controverted Eledions \* Be it

further ena&ed, That no Proceeding (hall be had on any Petition Recognisance by by virtue of any A A concerning the Trial of Controverted Elections Petitioners, and Returns, unlefs the Perfon or Perfons fubferibing the fame, or fome one or more of them, fhall within Fourteen Days after the fame fhall have been prefented to the Houfe, or within fuch further time as fhall be limited by the Houfe, perfonally enter into a Recognizance to our Sovereign Lord The King, according to the Form hereunto annexed, in the Sum of One thoufand Pounds, with Two Payments te fafficient Sureties in the Sum of Five hundred Pounds each, for the Payment of all Colts, Expences and Fees which fhall become due S' to any Witnefs fummoned in Behalf of the Perfon or Perfons fo e fubferibing fuch Petition, or to any Clerlt or Officer of the Houfe upon the Trial of the faid Petition, or to the Party who fhall appear before the Houfe or Committee in Oppofition to fuch Petition, in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall fail to appear before the Houfe at fuch time or times as fhall be fixed by the Houfe for taking fuch Petition into Confideration; or in cafe the faid Petition fhall be withdrawn by the Permiflion of the Houfe 5 or in cafe fuch Committee fhall report to the Houfe that the laid Petition appears to them to be frivolous or vexatious; and if at the Expiration of the faid Fourteen Days, fuch Recognizance fhall not have been entered into, or fhall not nave been received by the Speaker of the Houfe of Commons, the Speaker fhall report the fame to the Houfe, and the Order for taking fuch Petition into Confideration fhall thereupon be difeharged, unlefs upon Matter fpecially dated and verified on Oath to the Satia-fa&ion of the Houfe, the Houfe fhall fee caufe to enlarge the time for entering into fuch Recognizance ; and whenever fuch time fhall be of enlarged, the Order for taking fuch Petition into Confideration (hall, if neceffary, be poftponed, fo that no fuch Petition fhall be taken into Confideration till after fuch Recognizance fhall have been entered into and received by the Speaker: Provided always, that the time for Recognisance entering into fuch Recognizance fhall not be enlarged more than enlarged* once, or for any Number of Days exceeding Thirty.

IV.	And be it ena&ed, That Eight Days at leaft before the Names of Sure-Perfon or Perfons fo petitioning (hall enter into the faid Reaogni- pf driivered to zance, he or they, by themfelves or their Agents, fhall deliver in ^commons.* Writing to the Clerk of the Houfe of Commons, the Names of the

Sureties who are propofed to enter into fuch Recognizance 5 which Names fhall be entered in a Book to be kept by the faid Clerk, in his Office, open to the Infpedion of all Parties concerned.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Recognizance fhall Recognisance be entered into, 2nd that the Sufficiency of the Sureties named therein £nt*gCQint° ” fhall be allowed and judged of in like manner and under fuch Regula* ^

tions as are ena&ed by an A& palled in the Twenty eight Year of His Majefty'B Reign, and intituled An AS for the further Regulation of the Trials of Controverted Eledions or Returns of Members to ferve tn Parliament, with refpe& to the Recognizance therein dire&ed to be entered into by Perfons prefenting Petitions complaining of undue Eledions or Returns

IOf	VI. Pro-

 (^.ooQle

Perfons entering into Recognisance under recited A& may enter into Recognisance under this Ad.

Speaker may dired Expences of Witnefles or Fees to be taxed;

to oertify Amount.

18 G.3.C.5X.

§8.

When Petition allowed to be withdrawn.

Petitioners not appearing,

Cofta,

Cods taxed as between Attorney and Client.

C71.	53*GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the fame Perfons, if fufficient, to become Sureties in the Recognizance herein direded, and in the Recognizance direded by the faid recited Ad, and that the Names of the Sureties who are propofed to enter into the faid lad mentioned Recognizance (hall be in like manner delivered to the Clerk of the Houfe of Commons, and entered by him at is hereinbefore direded with refped to the Sureties in the faid firft mentioned Recognizance.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That in all cafes where any Quedion (hall arife, as to the Amount of the reafonable Coils, Ex-pences or Fees, which (hall be due and payable to any Witnefs, or to any Clerk or Officer of the Houfe of Commons, upon the Trial of any fuch Petition, the Speaker of the faid Houfe (hall, on Application, dired the fame to be taxed by fuch Perfons and in like manner as by the faid recited Ad is direded for the taxing of Cods and Expences in all cafes where PetitiQns or the Oppofition to fuch Petitions have been declared to be frivolous or vexatious; and the Perfons fo authorized and directed to tax fuch Cods, Expences and Fees, (hall and they are hereby required to examine the fame, and to report the Amount thereof to the Speaker, who (hall, on Application, deliver to the Perfon or Perfons concerned, a Certificate, figned by himfelf, expreffing the Amount of the Fees, Cods and Expences allowed in fuch Report; and the Perfons fo appointed to tax fuch Cods, Expences and Fees, are hereby authorized to demand and receive for fuch Taxation and Report, fuch Fees as (hall be from time to time fixed by any Refolution of the Houfe ; and the faid Certificates, fo figned by the Speaker, (hall be conclufive Evidence of the Amount of fuch Demands; and the Witnefs, Officer or Party claiming under the fame (hall, upon Payment thereof, give a Receipt at the Foot of fuch Certificate, which (hall be a fufficient Difcharge for the fame.

* VIII. And whereas it is enaded by the faid recited Ad, that

*	the Houfe (hall not permit any Petition complaining of an undue

*	Eledion or Return to be withdrawn, except in the cafes therein

*	mentioned Be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Houfe to permit any fuch Petition, on any Petition prefented in purfuance of the faid recited Aft, to be withdrawn upon Matter which (hall have arifen fince the fame was prefented, and which (hall be fpecially dated and verified on Oath to the Satisfadion of the Houfe.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That in all cafes where the Petitioner or Petitioners (hall fail to appear before the Houfe by himfelf or themfelves, or by his or their Counfel or Agents, at the time fixed for the Appointment of the Seled Committee, the Houfe not having permitted fuch Petition to be withdrawn, and the Order for the Confideration of fuch Petition (hall be thereupon difeharged in purfuance of the faid recited Ad of the Twenty eighth Year of His Majedy’s Reign, the Party or Parties who (hall attend the Houfe in Oppoi [ition to fuch Petition (hall in like manner be entitled to recover from fuch Petitioner or Petitioners the full Cods and Expences which they (hall have incurred by reafon of fuch Petition.

X.	And be it further enaded, That in all cafes the Perfons fo authorized and directed (in purfuance of this Ad, or of the faid recited Ad) by the Speaker of the Houfe of Commons, to tax fuch Cods

9*	and



A.D.i8i3*	53°GEO.	III.	C.71*	a89

and Expences, (hall allow all reafonable Co ft 8 as between Attorney and Client.

XI.	And be it enaded. That fuch of the Perfons fo authorized Perfonup-

and dire&ed by the Speaker of the Houfe of Commons, in purfuance	tou*

of the faid recited Ad or this Ad, to tax fuch Cofts, Expences or p^^c^totake Fees, and alfo any Mafterof the High Court of Chancery, or any of Affidavit*.

His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace (hall be, and they and eacn of

them are hereby authorized and empowered to take any Affidavit relative to fuch Cofts, Expences or Fees, or the Taxation or Nonpayment thereof, and to adminifter the Oath for taking fuch Affidavit; and alfo that each of the Perfons who (hall be authorized to examine the Sufficiency of Sureties to be named in the Recognizances mentioned in the faid Ad or this Ad (befides the Perfons therein mentioned), (hall have Power and Authority to take any Affidavit relative to fuch Sureties, or to the entering into any Recognizance, and to adminifter the Oath for taking fuch Affidavit; and that all and every Perfon or Perfons convided of wilfully falfe fwearing in any fuch Affidavit or Affidavits, (hall be deemed guilty of, and fuffer the Penalties on Perfons convided of wilful and corrupt Perjury* Perjury.

XII.	And be it enaded, That if the Petitioner or Petitioners who Petitioner ne-(hall have entered into fuch Recognizance as aforefaid (hall negled or slewing to pay refufe, for the Space of Seven Days after Demand, to pay to any

Witnefs who (hall have been fummoned on his or their Behalf before cheated* the Houfe, or fuch Seled Committee, on the Trial of the faid Petition, the Sum fo certified as aforefaid by the Speaker to be due to fuch Witnefs, together with the further Sum of Forty Shillings per Diem for every Day during which fuch Petitioner or Petitioners (hall delay to fatisry the fame ; or if fuch Petitioner or Petitioners (hall negled or refufe, for the Space of Six Months after Demand, to pay to any Officer of the Houfe, or to any Party who (hall appear in Oppofition to their faid Petition, the Sum fo certified by the Speaker in purfuance of this Ad, or of the faid recited Ad of the Twenty eighth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, to be due to fuch Officer or *8 o.j. c.js* Party for their Fees, Cofts or Expences, and that fuch Negled or § *3.

Refufal (hall be proved to the Speaker’s Satisfadion by Affidavit

fworti before any Mafter of the High Court of Chancery, and fuch

Mafter is hereby authorized to adminifter fuch Oath, and is

authorized and required to certify fuch Affidavit under his Hand ;

in every fuch cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be held to have made

Default in his or their faid Recognizance; and the Speaker of the

Houfe of Commons (hall thereupon certify fuch Recognizance into

the Court of Exchequer, and (hall alfo certify that fuch Perfon or

Perfons have made Default therein, and fuch Certificate (hall be

conclufive Evidence of fuch Default, and the Recognizance being fo

certified (hall have the fame Effect as if the fame were e(treated from a

Court of Law : Provided always, that fuch Recognizance and Cer- Provifo for Re-

tificate (hall in every fuch cafe be delivered by the Clerk, Deputy cognizances,&c.

Clerk or One of the Clerks Affiftant of the Houfe of Commons, into

the Hands of the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, or of One of

the Barons of the Exchequer, or of fuch Officer as (hall be appointed

by the faid Court to receive the fame.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That in any A6tion which (hatl Speaker’s Certi-be commenced for the Recovery of any Cofts, Expences or Fees fic^t© to hav©

53 GtO. III.	U	which	FJfettof War-

 LjOOQle

*9*

rant of Attorney to confeft Judgment*

Regulations re-fpedting Recognizances not to apply to Petitions regarding only Right of lie&ion.

a8 0.3. c-5a.

*16.

JiS.

Petitions opi'o-(ing Right to he prefen ted within Six Months.

5}° GEO* m*	A.D.	18x3*

which {hall have beta certified by the Speaker, in purfuance of thin Aft or the faid recited Aft, to be due and payable, fuch Certificate fo figned as aforefcid by him, (hall hare the Force and Effeft of x Warrant of Attorney to confefs Judgment; and the Court in which fuch Aftion (hall be commenced (hall upon Motion, and on the Production of fuch Certificate, enter up Judgment for the Sum fpecified in fuch Certificate to be due from the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Afticn, in like manner as if the faid Defendant or Defendant# had figned a Warrant to confefs Judgment in the (aid Aftion to that Amount*

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That the feveral Rules and Regulations hereinbefore enafted, by which certain Perfbns are direfted to enter into Recognizances, and by which certain Perfon* are made liable to the Payment of Cods to the oppofite Parties in the particular manner aud in the feveral cafes hereinbefore fpecified, (hall not be conftrued to apply , to the cafe of any Petitioo prefented in purfuance of the faid recited Aft of the Twenty eighth Year of His Majefty's Reign, and relating folely to any Question or Queftiona refpefting the Right of Eleftion, or of cnuiing, nominating or appointing a Returning Officer or Officers.

* XV. And whereas, by the (aid Aft paffed in the Twenty eighth

*	Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, it it provided, that

*	any Perfon or Perlons may, within Twelve Calendar Months, prefent

*	a Petition to the Houfe, oppofing any fuch Determination refpefting

*	the Right of Eleftion, or the Right of choofing, nominating or

*	appointing fuch Returning Officer or Returning Officers, or within

* Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the next Seffion of

* Parliament after that in which fuch Determination (hall have been

*	reported to the Houfe; and that Forty Days (hall intervene between ‘ the Day of prefenting fuch Petition to the Houfe and the Day 1 appointed for taking the fame into Confideration ; and the allowing < of fo much time for the Purpofe aforefaid has been found to be

*	inconvenient and unneceflary ;* Be it enafted, That whenever any fuch Report with refp eft to fuch Rights, any or either of them, (hall be made to the Houfe, it (hall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons, within Six Months next after the Day on which fuch Report (hall have been made to the Houfe, or in cafe fuch Six Months (hall end between the time when the prefent or any future Parliament (hall be di(To!ved or (hall expire, and the Day on which the next Parliament fhail meet ; or in cafe fuch Six Months (hall expire during any Recefs> either by the Prorogation of Parliament, or by the Adjournment of the Houfe of Commons for Fourteen Days intervening between the Day of Adjournment and the Day to which the Houle (hall he fo adjourned, then within Fourteen Days next after the Firft Day of the next Parliament, or of the next Seflion of the fame Parliament, or of the next Meeting of the Houfe of Commons, as the cafe may be, to petition the Houh* to be admitted as a Party or Parties to oppofe thofe Rights, any or either of them, which (hail have been deemed valid in the Judgment of fuch Seleft Committee 5 and that fuch Petition when presented (hall be ordered by the Houle to lay on the Tabic till fuch Six Months, or fuch Fourteen Days as afoce-faid, (hall be expired 5 and that within Twenty one Sitting Days after the Expiration of fuch Six Months or Fourteen Days, a Day and 'Hour (hall be appointed by the Houfe for taking the fame into Coo-

fidemiost

 v^.ooQle

A>D.i8i3*	53*	GEO. III.	C.71.	aj>«

fideration, fo that the Space of Fourteen Days at the lead (hall always intervene between the Day on which fuch Order (hall be made and the Day appointed by the Houfe for taking the fame into Confideration 5 and fuch Day and Hour may from time to time be altered, as to the Houfe (ball feem fit; and Notices of fuch Day and Hour, and of fuch Alteration thereof, (hall be fent to the feveral Perfons who have petitioned the Houfe refpedling fuch Rights, in like manner as is done in other cafes ; any thing in the faid la ft mentioned Adi to the contrary notwith(landing.

*	XVI. And whereas is is not fit that any Member having ferved 28G.3. c.52.

*	on a Seledl Committee, who (hall have reported to the Houfe their §

*	Determination with refpedt to the Right of Eledlion, or the Right Member having

*	of choofing, nominating or appointing any Returning Officer or j^rtvtcc re.

*	Returning Officers, under and by virtue of the faid recited Adi, ported the Right, 4 (hould alio ferve on a Seledt Committee to be appointed to try not to ferve

4 the Merits of a Petition oppofing fuch Determination;’ Be it Committee on enadled. That if upon the Appointment of any fuch laft mentioned	oppo-

Seledl Committee, the Name of any Member (hall be drawn who ferved on fuch former Committee, and was prefent at the time of fuch Determination, his Name (hall be fet afide.

*	XVII. And whereasby the faid recited Adi, certain Notices and a8 G..i.c.5ju

*	Reports are ordered to be given and inferted in the next London § *5* 28.

*	Gazette, which Diredlion cannot in many cafes be complied with

Be it enadled, That in all cafes where any fuch Notice or Proceeding Notices given in is diredled to be publifhed in the next London Gazette, it (hall be one of Two next fufficient if the fame is publifhed in One of the Two next London L,ondon Ga* Gazettes ; any thing in the faid Adi to the contrary notwithftanding. xeltcs*

XVIII.	And, for avoiding and preventing all Doubts refpedling the Appointment of any Seledl Committee, under and by virtue of any Adt concerning the Trial of Controverted Eledlions and Returns, by reafon of any of the Members of the faid Committee not being duly qualified to ferve upon fuch Committee, be it enadled, That Seledl Com-every Seledl Committee which fhall be appointed under and by virtue mjt,ee ,’WMrn at of the faid Adis or any of them, fhall be deemed and taken to have	to

been and to be legally appointed, from and after the time of any fuch sa||y appoinJd. Seledl Committee having been fworn at the Table in the ufual manner.

‘ XIX. And whereas Doubts have arifen as to the Authority of

*	fuch Seledt Committees to examine as a Witnefs any Perfon who 4 may have fubferibed the Petition, to try and determine which fuch 4 Committee fhall have been appointedBe it hereby declared and enadled. That it is and fhall be lawful for any fuch Seledl Committee, Committee* duly conftituted for the Trial of Controverted Eledlions or Returns, may examine

to examine any Perfon, although he fhall have fubferibed fuch Perfon* fuhicrib-Petition ; except it fhall otherwife appear to fuch Committee that lRg petit,on* fuch Perfon fhall be an interefted Witnefs.

4 XX. And whereas by an Adi pafled in the Eleventh Year of Nominees,where

*	His prefent Maiefty, and intituled An A3 to explain and amend an txcuieJ, n G j.

*	Aft made in the lajl Sejfton of Parliament, intituled An Aft to regulate c- 42, § 6*

*	the Trials of Controverted E left ions, and of Returns of Members to 4 fetve in Parliament, it is, among other things, enadled, that in the

*	cafes therein provided, the Thirteen Members whofe Names (hall

*	be returned by the Parties to the Houfe, (hall by themfelves choofe 4 Twx> Members then prefent in the Houfe to be added to the faid

U 2	* Thirteen



Ipl	C71172.	53" GEO. III.	A.D.T8X3.

4 Thirteen MemberiBe it ena&ed, That either of the Member* fo ehofen (hall or may be fet afide for any of the fame Caufes as thofe chofen by Lot.

Form of Recognisance.

FORM of RECOGNIZANCE referred to in this Aft.

4 T*E it remembered. That on the	Day of

•	in	the	Year	of	our	Lord

•	before me A. B. (Speaker of the Houfe of Commons) or, One of 4 His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County of

icame C. D. E. F and J. G. and feverally acknowledged them-elves to owe to our Sovereign Lord the King the following Sums;

4 that is to fay, the faid C. D. the Sum of One thoufand rounds,

* and the faid E, F. and the faid J. G. the Sum of Five hundred 4 Pounds each, to be levied on their refpe&ive Goods and Chattels, 4 Lands and Tenements, to the Ufe of our faid Sovereign Lord the 4 King, bis Heirs and Succefiors, in cafe the faid C. D. (hall fail in 4 performing the Condition hereunto annexed. The Condition of 4 this Recognizance is, that if the faid C. D. (hall well and truly 4 pay all Cods and Expences and Fees which (hall be due and payable 4 from the faid Petitioner to any Witnefs who (hall be fummoned to

f" ive Evidence in his Behalf, or to any Clerk or Officer of the loufe of Commons, upon the Trial of the Petition figned by the * faid C. D. complaining of an undue Ele&ion or Return for the [here 4 fate the County, City, Borough, or DiJlriQ of Burghs ] or complaining 4 that no Return has been made for the faid

4 within the time limited by Aft of Parliament, or that the Return 4 made for the faid	is not a Return of a Member or

• Members according to the Requifition of the Writ: And if the * faid Petitioner (hall alfo well and truly pay the Cods and Expences • of the Party who (hall appear before the Houfe in Oppofition to 4 the faid Petition, in cafe the faid Petitioner (hall fail to appear * before the Houfe at fuch time or times as (hall be fixed by the 4 Houfe for taking fuch Petition into Confideration ; or, in cafe tbe 4 faid C. D. (hall withdraw his faid Petition by the Permiflion of the * Houfe ; or, in cafe the Seleft Committee appointed by the Houfe • to try the Matter of the faid Petition, (hall report to the Houfe • that the faid Petition appears to them to be frivolous or vexatious, c then this Recognizance to be void, otherwife to be of full Force • and EfTeft.'

CAP. LXXII.

An Aft for the more effeftual Adminiftration of the Office of a Juftice of the Peace within the Townftiips of MancheJIer and Salford, in the Hundred of Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancajler; and to provide, by Means of a Rate on the faid Townftiips and otherwife, a competent Salary to a Juftice of the Peace afting within the faid Townftiips \ and to enable the Con (tables of MancheJIer and Salford to take Recognizances in certain Cafes.	[22d	June	1813.3

4 TT7HEREAS from the Magnitude and Importance of the 4 VV Bufinefs of a Juftice of the Peace within tne Townfhips of 4 MancheJIer and Salford, in the Hundred of Salfordt in tbe County

4 Palatine



m

A.D.1813.	53*	GEO.	III.	C.7S.

4 Palatine of Lane after, and the other Town (hips compofing the

* Divifion of MancbeJIer, owing to the very extenfive Population

•	thereof, and the prevailing and increafing Influence of its Trade 4 and Manufaftures, the Office of a Juftice of the Peace within the 4 faid Divifion hath become and is likely to continue very Burthenfome 4 and difficult, fo that a fufficient Number of thofe who are in the 4 Commiffion of the Peace for the faid County, refident in or near to 4 the faid Divifion, are not found to aft in the Executipn thereof 4 with that Promptnefs and Effeft which the good Government of 4 the Inhabitants of the faid Divifion, and the Proteftion asd Security 4 of their Perfons and Properties require ; and it is therefore expedient 4 that the Juftice of the Peace hereinafter mentioned, afting in that 4 Divifion, fhould receive fome competent Remuneration for his 4 Trouble, in order that a vigilant, fteady and regular Adminiftration 4 of the Laws for the Maintenance of the Peace and good Order 4 throughout the Divifion aforefaid, may be provided for and fecured:* May it therefore pleafe Your Majefly, that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflcmbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it fhall and may be lawful for His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, in Right of His Duchy and County Palatine of Lan-cafter, forthwith and from time to time as Occafion may require, by and with the Advice of his Chancellor and Council of the faid Duchy for the time being, to appoint one fit and able Perfon, who fhall be a Barrifter at Law of Four Years ftanding at the leaft, being a Juftice of the Peace for the faid County, to execute the Office of a Juftice of the Peace within the faid Divifion, either by himfelf or together with fuch other Juftices of the Peace for the faid County Palatine as may think proper to attend, and to be therefore entitled to fuch Salary and Remuneration as is hereinafter in that behalf provided for.

II.	And be it further enafted. That the faid Juftice Co to be appointed as aforefaid fliall refide within One Mile of the Exchange in the Town of Mancbejter, or of the New Bailey Court Houfe m the faid Town of Salford, and (hall daily (Sundays excepted) attend at the New Bailey Court Houfe in Salford : Provided always, that the Attendance of the faid Juftice may be fupplied by any other Juftice of the Peace for the faid County Palatine of Lancajler.

III.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful for any Perfon named and authorized by fuch Appointment as aforefaid, to aft in the Execution of the faid Office of Juftice of the Peace for the faid County, during his Refidence within the Limits aforefaid, although fuch Perfon may not be poffeffed of or entitled in Law or Equity to an Eftate or Intereft in Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in England or Wales, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds ; any thing contained in any Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding 5 provided that fuch Perfon be not difqualifted by Law to aft as a Juftice of the Peace, for any other Caufe or upon any other account than in refpeft of the want of fuch an Eftate or Intereft as is aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further enafted. That it (hall and may be lawful for the Juftices aifembled at the General Quarter Seffion of the Peace held by Adjournment within the faid Hundred, or at any Adjourn-' went thereof, and they are hereby required and authorized, from time

U 3	to

HU Majerty to appoint a Bar riftor to affift as a Juftice.

Juftice to attend at New Bailey Court Houfe iu Salford.

Want of Eftate or Intereft, not to incapacitate Jultke.

Quarter Seftioas to dire& Payment ofI4000I a Year to Juftice.



294	C. 72.	53’GEO. IB.	A.D.1813.

to time, fo long as the faid Juftice (hall continue to difcharge the Duties of the faid Office, by Writing under the Hands of any Two or more of them (whereof the faid Juftice fo to be appointed as aforcfaid is not to be one), to direct the Commiflionera ading in the Execution of an Ad of Parliament made and pafled in the Thirty 3* G* 3* c 69. fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for cleanjing, lighting* watching and regulating the Streets9 Lanes* Pajfages and Places within the Towns of Manchefter and Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancafter ; for widening and rendering more commodious feveral of the faid Streets, Lanes and Pajfages ; and for other Pvrfofes therein men~ tioned; to pay, and the faid Commiflioners (hall thereupon pay to the faid Juftice the Sum of One thoufand Pounds in each Year, by Four equal Quarterly Payments, to be appointed by the faid Juftioes aflembled at the faid Quarter Seflionsof the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof; and fo, pro rata, a Proportion of fuch Quarterly Payments up to the time of the Death of fuch Juftice, or his ceafmg to ad under fuch Appointment as aforefaid ; and fuch Payments (hall be afiefied, raifed and levied, in fuch and the like manner a? any Rate direded to be raifed by the faid hereinbefore recited Ad, and with fuch and the like Powers, Authorities and Remedies for colleding the fame as are mentioned and contained in the faid hereinbefore recited Ad.

Hare for Pay- V. And be it further enaded, for the better providing and fecuring meat of Salary, the Payment of the faid Salary, That it (hall and may be lawful for the General Commiifioners appointed under and by virtue of the faid hereinbefore recited Ad, or any Niue or more of them aflembled as in the faid Ad is mentioned, and they are hereby authorized and required to a fiefs, raife and levy, in like manner and Form as any Rate is direded to be aflefled, raifed and levied under the faid hereinbefore recited Ad, fuch Sum and Sums of Money annually as (hall be adequate to the Payment of the faid Salary ; provided that the Sum to be taifed under the Authority of this Ad (hall not in any One Year exceed the Sum of Three pence in the Pound upon the rateable Property fpecified in the faid recited Ad: and provided alfo, that the Sums to be raifed under the faid Ads refpedively (hall be applied to the fpecific Purpofes of fuch Ads, and that diftind and feparatc Accounts (hall be kept of the Monies aflefled, raifed and levied under the fame refpedively.

Rate apportion- VI. And be it further enaded. That the faid Towns of Mancbejler *h	and Salford (hall refpedively contribute to the Payment of the Salary

aforefaid, in the Proportions following; that is to fay, the Town of Manchefler (hall contribute Seven Eighth Parts thereof, and the Town of Salford (hall contribute One Eighth Part thereof.

Recegniuncts VII. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful eftreated applied for the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lasuafer for the iu Aid of Rate. time being, and they are hereby required from time to time to make Orders upon the Receiver General of the faid Duchy, to pay over the Amount of Monies (not exceeding the Sum of Ooe thoufand Pounds in any One Year) which (hall or may be hereafter levied or received to His Majefty*s Ufe, upon or by reafon of Recognizances taken and eftreated in the faid County Palatine of Lancq/ier, to the Treafurer of the Commiflioners under the faid recited Ad, for the (aid Town (hip of Manchefter, to be applied in Aid of the Rate to be made in each of the (aid Townihips under this Ad, for or towards the

Payment



*9i

A-to.i*13.	$39	GEO. III.	C. jt9 73«

Payment of the fakl Salary of the {aid Juftice appointed at aforefaid; any thing in an Ad made in the Firft Year of Her late Majefty Queen Anne, intituled An AH for the better Support of Her Majefti9i 1 Ann. State. Houfe bold, and of the Honour and Dignity of toe Crown, or any other c# 7#

Law or Statute to the contrary notwith(landing : Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall controul or abridge the Power of the faid Chancellor and Council to relieve and mitigate eftreated ' Recognizances and Levies made therein in certain cafes of Hardihip and Diftrefs, as they are ufed to do.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded and declared, Juflice not to fit That no Juftice of the Peace to be appointed as aforefaid by virtue of *!) Houfe of this Ad, (hail, during their Continuance in fuch Appointment, be Common,• capable of being eleded or of fitting as Members of the Houfe of Commons.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That, for the better Adminiftration OmfttMe* te 'of the Police within the (aid Divifion of Manchejler, it (hall and may take RccoJ»u-he lawful for the Conftables appointed for the faid Townfhips re- tancefc fpedively, or any One of them, or their refpedive Deputy Conftables,

on having an Appointment in Writing from their refpedive Principal Conftables for that Purpofe, to take Recognizances without any Fee or Reward, from all or any Perfons or Perfon who (hall be brought before them or any of them, in the Night time, on any Charge not amounting to Felony, for the Appearance of fuch Perfons or Perfon before fuch Juftice (o to be appointed as aforefaid, or any other Juftice of the Peace for the faid County Palatine, within the Space of Two Days then next, for further Examination; and that fuch Recogni- Eflreitiitg cances fo to be taken as aforefaid (hall be of equal Obligation to the Rtcoguiauwcev Parties entering into the fame, and liable to the fame Proceedings for the eftreatmg thereof, as if the fame had been taken before any of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace.

X.	And be it further enaded, That the Expences incident to the Exrence* of fobciting, obtaining and pafling this Ad, (hall be levied and railed in

manner and Form hereinbefore dire&ed for the raifmg of the Salary of the (aid Juftice fo to be appointed as aforefaid.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall be deemed and Public A&. taken to be a Public Ad, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as

Inch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

CAP. LXXIII.

An A€t to declare that the Duties of Excife and Drawbacks, granted and made payable in Ireland on Tobacco by an Ad of this Seflion, are payable according to the Amount thereof in Britifk Currency.	[2d	July	1813.]

*	TTTHEREAS by an Ad made in the prefent Sefiion of Par- 53 G. j. c.57.

4 VV liament, intituled An A3 to grant to His Majefty certain

4 Duties of Exeife in Ireland on Tobacco, certain Duties and Draw-

*	backs of Excile on Tobacco were granted and made payable in

*	Irelandand Doubts have arifen whether the fame are to be paid

4 according to the Amount thereof in Briti/b or Ir'tjb Currency /

Be it therefore declared and enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Duties and

Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of tne Lords Spiritual Drawbacks un-

na Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament afTembled^ der

Currency.



296	C.73,74.	530	GEO.	HI.	A.D.1813.

and by the Authority of the fame, That the feveral Duties and Drawbacks of Excife, and the feveral Countervailing Duties, in the faid A6t mentioned, are and (hall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in Britijb Currency.

CAP. LXXIV.

An A£t to provide for the better Colleftion of the Duty on Malt made in Ireland.	[2d	July 1813.]

4 \\ 7 HERE AS it is expedient to make further Regulations and

*	VV to amend the Laws for the Collection of the Malt Duties

*	in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltfter;’ Be it therefore enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this preient Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the Twenty ninth Day of September One thou-

46c-57« fand eight hundred	and thirteen, an Aft made	m the Forty fixth

repe	.	Year ot His prefent	Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to amend an

A3 made in the lad Seffion of Parliament for the Colie Sion of the Malt Duties iti Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltjler, (hall be and the fame i9 hereby repealed, except fo far as may concern the prosecuting, fuing for or recovering, levying or collefting any Duties due by any Maltfter or Maker of Malt, or any Arrears of any fuch Duties, or any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture which (hall or may hive been incurred under the faid recited Aft, on or before the faid Twenty ninth Day of September.

it further enafted, That, from and after the faid c ar*	*	Twenty ninth Day	of September One thoufand	eight hundred and

*	thirteen, in lieu and	infteaa of the Monthly and	Yearly Charges on

Majtfters and Makers of Malt in Ireland, under any Aft or Ads in force, every fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt (hall be charged according to the Proportions hereinafter mentioned and exprefled; that is to^fay, every Maltfter or Maker of Malt in Ireland (hall, between the Twenty ninth Day of September in every" Year and the Twenty ninth Day of September following, during the Continuance of the Licence of fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt, be charged with and pay Duty of Excife for a Quantity of Malt, after the Rate of Eighty Barrels of Malt for every One hundred Feet Square of working or drying Floor or Floors which (hall be contained in each Malthoufe in which fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt (hall be licenfed to make Malt, and fo in Proportion for any greater Number of Square Feet; and alfo for a6 much more Malt as fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt (hall aftually make within the faid Period.

Manner of	III. And be it further enafted, That the Charge of fuch Yearly

DupmS Ycarly Duty of Eighty Barrels (hall be made in manner following 5 that is u	to fay, every fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt (hall be charged for

not lefa than Eight Calendar Months in every Year, and for every fuch Calendar Month fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt (hall be charged with and pay Duty for Ten Barrels of Malt for every One hundred. Feet Square of fuch working or drying Floor or Floors, and fo in Proportion for any greater Number of Square Feet 5 and every Maltfter or Maker of Malt (hall, over and above the refpeftive Quantities aforefaid, be alfo charged with and pay Duty for as much more Malt as could be produced from any Corn or Grain aftually

wetted

 CjOOQle

*97

AJD.i8i3'	53* GEO. III. C.	74.

wetted by fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt within etery fuck Period of One Calendar Month, after the Rates and under the Regulations exprcffed, mentioned and contained in an Ad made in the 45 Forty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad §*3>*4-for the CoHedion of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltjler.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe the Quantity of Malt Jn cafe Quantity charged upon any Maltfter or Maker of Malt in any one Year, of Malt chained ending on the Twenty ninth Day of September, fhall not amount to °J*JVeaMhal the full Quantity of Malt after the Rate aforefaid, for which fuch nocam<untto Maltfter or Maker of Malt is hereby made chargeable with Duty full Quantity within any Year, the Surveyor or Gauger or other Officer in Charge chargeable, Sur-of the Malthoufe of any fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt (haul, *eJor roa7 withi" Twenty Day* after fuch Twenty ninth Day of

make a Return to the Colledor ot the Dmnd in which fuch Malt- which (hall be

houfe (hall be fituate, of fuch Quantity of Malt, and of the Duties charged on

thereon, as with the Quantities comprized in former Returns of Malt, MikfUr.

again ft fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt, in the Year ending on fuch

Twenty ninth Day of September, (hall amount to the full Quantity of

Malt for which fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt is fo made chargeable

with Duty after the Rate aforefaid; and fuch Return (hall be a

Charge on fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt, and (hall be payable by

fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt in manner direded by the (aid recited 45 G. 3, c. 33.

Ad of the Forty fifth Year aforefaid.	h S3, a*

V.	And be it further enaded, That every fuch Charge by this Ad Charges made direded to be made againft any Maltfter or Maker of Malt, and the •sdolt Maltftei? Duty in refped thereof, fhall be made and returned by the Officer j

and the faid Duty (ball be paid by the Maltfter or Maker of Malt Jo ReguLniona in fuch manner and under and fubjed to fuch Rules, Regulations, of former AdK Penalties and Forfeitures, and Modes of Recovery thereof, as are contained in the faid recited Ad of the Forty fifth Year aforefaid, or in any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland relating to the Collection of the Malt Duties, fo far as the fame are confident and compatible with each other, fave and except fuch Rules and Regulations as are exprefsly altered by this Ad; and that all fuch Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, and Modes of Recovery thereof, lo far as the fame are confident and compatible with each other (and except as aforefaid), (hall be applied in the charging, levying, colled ing and recovering all fuch Duties, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the faid Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures were repeated and re-ena&ed in this Ad.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That it (hall and Commiffioners

may be lawful for the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in of Esdfc may Ireland, or any Three of them, to reduce or abate the Quantity of	Quintity

Malt for which any Maltfter or Maker of Malt is under this Ad jfhkh MaUfUri chargeable with Duty during the Continuance of his Licence in any chargeable. Year, on fuch Occafions and under fuch Regulations and Reftridions

as the Commiffioners of Excife, or any Number of them, are empowered to reduce or abate any Charge under the faid recited Ad of the Forty fifth Year aforefaid; any yearly or other Charge or Matter in this Ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That in lieu and inftead of the Content and Proportion which the Content of the Kiln Floor of any Malthoufe Proportion of tinder and by virtue of any Ad or Ads in force, on gr immediately f10™*

befoii M*khouf«*







»p«

C-74*

53°gio.ih.

A.D.1813.

Exctcdtnf fuch

Proportions.

Penalty.

Wetting Corn Notice, at a certain time.

Penalty,

Penalty.

No Licence granted to Brewers, unLfs in their Bond be contained a Condition not to life raw or un. malted Coni;

47 C.3. feAIz. c*35*

nor unlefs Parties requiring Licence (hall fign Affidavit in Form prefetibed.

Poem cf Affi.

davit.

before the faid Twenty ninth Day of September, is required to be* to the Content of the growing, working and drying Floor or Floor! of fuch Makhonfe, the Content of fuch Kiln Floor or Floors (hall aod may be in the Proportion of Four hundred and five Square Feet to Two thoufand fix hundred Square Feet of fuch working, growing and drying Floor or Floors; any thing in any Ad or Adf a to the contrary notwithftanding : Provided always, that if the Content of fuch Kiln Floor or Floors of any Maltfter or Maker of Malt (hall exceed the Proportions in this Ad mentioned and contained, fuch Maltfier or Maker of Malt (hall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and a further Sum of Ten Pounds for every Day during which the Content of fuch Kiln Floor or Floors (hall exceed the Pro portion! aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Corn or Grain making into Malt, of the wetting of which any luch Notice or renewed Notice as is by Law required to be given (hall not have been given, or which (hall have been begun to be wetted at any other time than between the Hours of Nine m the Morning and Four in the-Afternoon, (hall be found in any Malthoufe, or on any Floor or other Place belonging to any Maltfier or Maker of Malt, all fuch Com or Grain (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer of Excife; and the Maltfter or Maker of Mak in whofe Malthoufe the fame (hall be found, (hall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

IX.	And, for the further preventing the Ufe of raw or unmalted Com by Brewers in Ireland, be it enaded, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, no Licence (hall be granted to any Pcrfon in Inland to brew Srong Beer, Porter or Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, unlefs in the Bond required to be entered into by fuch Brewer under and by virtue of an Ad made in the Forty feventh Year of His prefect Majefty's Reign, intituled An AB to fecure the Payment of the Duties on Licences granted to Perfons in Ireland dealing in Ex erfcable Commodities, there be inferted a Condition that fuch Brewer (hall not ufe any raw or unmalted Corn in brewing any Strong Beer, Porter, Ale or Small Beer as was required by the laid recited Ad of the Forty feventh Year aforefaid 5 any thing in any other Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding; and that no fuch Licence (hall be granted to any Perfon in Ireland, unlefs and until all and every the Perfon or Perfons to whom or on whofe Behalf fuch Licence (hall be granted; and every Partner and Perfon concerned in th$ Brewery for which fuch Licence (hall be granted, (hall make spd fign an Affidavit, or being a Quaker or Quakers, (hall folemnly affirm in the Prefcnce of the Colledor of Excife of the Diftrid, who is hereby authorized and required to adminifter fuch Affidavit or Affirmation in the Form or to the Effed following ; that is to fay,

T A. B. on whofe Behalf and for whofe Ufe (together with C.D.

A &c. if there are Two or more Partners) a Licence is required to brew Strong Beer, Porter or Ale, [$r, Small Beer, as the cafe maj be] for Sale at	in the County of

do hereby folemnly fwear £cr, affirm], That I will not diredly or indircdly caufe or permit or fuffer, or be party or privy to the caufing, permitting or fufiering any raw Com or Com not malted, and uot having been charged with the Duty on Malt made in Ireland* to be ufea in the brewing or making of any Beer, Ale or Porter, or Small Beer, or in the making or j>re-

‘ paring





«pp

A-D.1&13.	53fGEO.	IIL	C.74.

4 paring of any Liquor to imitate or to refcmMe, or to be mixed with, 4 or to be ufed, foW or difpofed of, or delivered, as or for Beer, Ale, 4 Porter or Small Beer; and that I will not fell, difpofe of, (end or 4 deliver, or cauie to be fold, difpofed of, feot or delivered to any

*	Perfon or Perfons whatsoever, as or for Beer, Porter, Ale or 4 Small Beer, any Liquor made or prepared from raw Corn or Com 4 not malted, and not having been charged with the Duty on Malt

*	made in Ireland, or in the making whereof any fuch raw Com or

*	Com not malted (hall have been any way ufed ; and that I will not

4 caufe or permit or Suffer, or be party or privy to the coding, per-4 mining or Suffering any raw or unmalted Corn, ground or bruiied, 4 to be brought into or kept in the Brewery or Premifcs at the dud 4 Place; and I do hereby alSo Solemnly Swear [or, affirm] that no 4 other PerSon or PerSons is or are concerned or engaged in the Said 4 Brewery as Partners with me, (except the (aid C. D. &c. as the 4 eafe may be).	4	So help me GOD/

And if any Such Licence (hall be granted to any Perfon or PerSons who (nail not have made Such Oath or Affirmation, or if any Perfon or PerSons, other than the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have made fuch Oath or Affirmation refpedively, (hall be concerned or engaged as a Partner or Partners m the Brewery for which fuch Licence (hall be granted, fuch Licence (hall be and become forfeited, and (hall be null and void.

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall not be lawful for any Brewer to have in his or her Brewery, or in any Part of the Premifcs conneded with his or her Brewery, any raw or unmalted Corn or Grain, ground or bruifed, mixed or unmixed, with any malted Corn or Grain; and that all raw or unmalted Com or Grain, ground or bruifed, mixed or unmixed with any malted Com or Grain, and all malted Corn or Grain with which fuch raw or unmalted Com or Grain

Licence net available to Per-Tons not having taken the Oath.

Brewers (hall not have any raw or unmalted Corn on their Prtmifet

in which fuch raw Com or Grain, ground or bruifed, mixed or unmixed with any malted Com or Grain (hall be contained, and all Carts, Drays and other Carriages on which fuch raw or unmalted Corn or Grain, mixed or unmixed with any malted Corn or Grain belonging to fuch Brewer, ground or bruifed, (hall be found in the Courie of Conveyance, ana all Horfes or other Beads of Burthen Penalty, attached to every fuch Cart, Dray or other Carriage, (hall be forfeited, and may be refpe&ively Seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

XI.	And be it further enafted. That if in the Brewery of Brewers having any Brewer or other Perfon or Perfons in Ireland making or brew- fucJ1 in g, or profeffingto make or brew Ale, Strong Beer, Porter or Small ConL Beer, or in any Part of fuch Brewery, or in any Part of the Pre-mifes connected with fuch Brewery, there (hall be found any raw or unmalted Com, ground or bruiied, mixed or unmixed with any malted Corn or Grain, every fuch Brewer or other Perfon (hall, for the Fird Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and for Bird Offence, the Second and every fubfequent Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; One Half of the faid Forfeiture to be paid to the Informer, Thup* °®WK6, and upon Convi&ion for the Third Offence therein, the Licence of fuch Perfon or Perfonii or Brewer or Brewers, (hall be null and void.

XII And



300

Perjury.

Recovery «nd Application of Penalties.

14 & 15 Car. a. (I.) Self. 4. c. 8.

46 G. 3. c. xo6. <cc.

Appeal.

C.74175.	53#GEO.IIL	A.D.1813.

XII.	And be it further enaAed, That if any Perfon who (hall take any Oath or make any Affirmation by this A A required to be take* or made, (hall wilfully or knowingly fwear or affirm falfely therein, every fuch Perfon being duly conviAed thereof (hall fuffer the Paine and Penalties to which Perfons guilty of wilful or corrupt Peijury are or (hall be fubjcA by any Law in force in Ireland; and if any Perfon (hall corruptly procure or fubom any other Perfon or Perfons to fwear or affirm falfely in any fuch Oath or Affirmation, every fuch Perfon being duly conviAed of fuch procuring or fubom-ing, (hall, for every fuch Offence, incur and fuffer fuch Penalties, Forfeitures, pains and Difabilities, as Perfons conviAed of Subornation of Petjury are refpeAively liable unto by any Law in force in Ireland.

XIII.	And be it further enaAed, That all Penalties and Forfeitures under this AA (hall be paid and payable in Britifh Currency, and (hall be railed, levied, colleAed and paid, fued for, recovered and applied (except in cafes where it is otherwife direAed in this AA), in the fame manner and under fuch Powers and Authorities, and by fuch ways and methods, and according to fuch Rules and DireAions, and under fuch Penalties and Forfeitures as are appointed* direAed and expreffed for levying, fuing for or recovering of any Penalties or Forfeitures, in and by an A A made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majefty King George the Second, intituled An A3 for the fettling of the Exeife or new Imtojl ubon His Majejly, his Heirs and SucceJfors9 according to the Book of Rates therein inferted; or in and by an AA made in the Forty fixtn Year of His prefent Majefty *s Reign, intituled An A3 to provide for the better Execution of the feveral A3s relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commiffioncn oj Cujloms and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Exeife and Taxes in Ireland ; or in and by any other A A or A As iti^Fbrce in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms and Exeife, or either of them, as fully and effeAually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were herein expreffed and enaAed, with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Partes aggrieved, as in and bv the faid recited A A made in the Fourteenth ana Fifteenth Years of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, or any other AA or AAs as afore -faid is provided.

CAP. LXXV.

An AQ. for the better Regulation of the Cotton Trade in Ire-land.	[2d July	1813.]

« TT7 HEREAS it is defirable that a cheap and fummary Mode 4 VV (hould be adopted for fettling all Dilputes which may arife 4 between Matters and Weavers in the Cotton ManufaAure, or be-4 tween fuch Weavers and Perfons employed by them, or between 4 Mailers and Perfons engaged in ornamenting Cotton Goods by the 4 Needle, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain 4 and Ireland, called Ireland:9 May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaAed; and be it enaAed by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflexnbled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after

the





A.D.iSij.	S30 GEO. IIL	G.	75.	301

the paffing of this Aft, in all cafes of Difpute between Matters and Difyuteshetwee* Weavers in the Cotton Manufafture in Ireland, refpefting Work Rafter* *nl done, or in the Courfe of being done in the faid Manufafture, b whrther the fubjeft of Difpote (hall relate to bad Materials, or to ^nte<j by any Injury or Damage done or alleged to have been done to the Juftice of Peace. Work, or any Delay or fuppofed Delay in finithing the Work, or the not finithing the Work in a good and Workmanlike manner, or the Length, Breadth or Quality of any Pieces of Cotton Goods, either mixed or unmixed with other Materials, or the Yam thereof, or the Quantity or Quality of the Woof thereof, or the Compenfa-tion for working any new Pattern requiring the Purchafe of new, or the alteration of old Implements of Manufafture, or any other matter connefted with the Cotton Manufafture in Ireland, it (hall and may be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace of the County, Barony, City, Liberty, Town or Place, in which the Difpute (hall arife, and he is hereby authorized and required, on Complaint made before him, and Proof by the Examination of the Party complaining, that Application has been made to the Perfon or Perfons againft whom fuch Caufc of Complaint has arifen, or his, her or their Agent or Agents, to fettle luch Difpute, and that the fame has not been fettled upon fuch Application being made; or where the Difpute (hall relate to a bad Warp, that fuch Caufe of Complaint has not been done away within Twenty four Hours after fuch Application, to fummon before him the Perfon or Perfons complained againft, or his, her or their Agent or Agents, on fome Day not exceeding Six Days, exclufive of Sunday, from the making fuch Complaint, and to give Notice to the Party complaining of the time and Place appointed in fuch Summons for the Attendance of the Perfon or Perfons complained againft, or his, her or their Agent or Agents as afore fa id ; and if at fuch time and Place the Perfon or Perfons fo fummoned (hall not appear by himfelf, herfelf or themfelves, or fome Perfon or Perfons on his, her or their Behalf, and do away fuch Caufe of Complaint, then and in fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for fuch Juftice, and he is hereby authorized and required, at the Requeft of either of the Parties, to nominate Referees for the fettling the Matters in Difpute; to which End fuch Juftice (hall then and there

mfe, on the Part and Behalf of the Matter, one Referee, who >e a Matter Manufafturer, or Agent or Foreman of fome Matter Manufafturer refident in the Neighbourhood 5 but where no fuch Matter Manufafturer, Agent or Foreman can be found, then fome Workman refident as aforefaid, and having a competent Knowledge of the Manufafture; and the faid Juftice (hall likewife then and there propofe, on the Part and Behalf of the Weaver, another Referee, who (hall be fome Workman refident in the Neighbourhood, and having a competent Knowledge of the Manufafture ; and it (hall be lawful for either of the Parties in Difpute peremptorily, and without affigning any Reafon, to challenge any Referee fo propofed; and the Juftice (hall in fuch cafe immediately propofe another Perfon, of the like Defcription as aforefaid, in lieu of the Perfon challenged; which Perfon fo propofed as laft mentioned, may alfo be peremptorily challenged, and to toties quotlcs, until each of the Parties (hall have had Two peremptory Challenges, without affigning any Caufe; after which the Juftice (hall immediately propofe Two other Perfons of the like Defcription as aforefaid to be Referees j and the Perfons

fo





Limitation of Complaint.

Party not attending to lofe Benefit of Aft; and if complained of, hit Right of Challenge*

Placet of Meeting of Referees.

Referees (hall determine within Three IVivs, or refer to a J uftice who (hall determine within Two Days afterwards.

C.75.	J3°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813-

fo propofed as aforefaid, and not challenged, or the Perfona propofed in the Event of all the Challenges hereby allowed having been made, (ball be nominated Referees to fettle fuch Difpute ; and the Juftice (hall thereupon appoint a Place of Meeting, according to the Directions of this A&, and alfo a Day for the Meeting, Notice of which Nomination, and of tbe Time and Place of Meeting (hall thereupon be given to the Perfons fo nominated Referees, and to any Party to the Difpute who may not have attended tbe Meeting before fuch Juftice as afore laid ; and tbe Juftice (hall certify the Nomination and Appointment in the Form for that Purpofe fet forth in the Schedule to this A6t, or in foroe other Form to the like Effect.

II.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That all Complaints by any Weaver, as to bad Materials, (hall be made within Four Weeks after his receiving the fame; and that all other Complaints (hall be made within Three Days after the Caufe of Complaint (hall arife; and that it (hall not be allowable to any Mailer, who (hall have received into his Pofleftion any Cotton Cloth, without Obie&ion made by himfelf or his Clerk or Foreman, afterwards to make any Complaint on account of Work fo received.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it enabled. That if any Party fo complaining as aforefaid, (hall not attend or fend fome Perfon on his or her Behalf, at the time and Place appointed by the Juftice of the Peace, for the Purpofe of naming Referees as aforefaid, fuch Party fhall not in that cafe be entitled to the Benefit of this AH ; and if any Party, againft whom Complaint fhall have been made, (hill not attend, or fend fome Perfon on his or her Behalf at the time and Place laft aforefaid, the Juftice of the Peace fhall neverthelefs proceed to nominate Referees, and fuch Party fhall in that cafe be deprived of all Right of Challenge under this A&.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed, That in all cafes where Complaints (hall be made refpe&ing bad Warns or Utenfils by Weavers, the Place of Meeting of the Referees (haft be at or aa near as mar be to the Place where the Work (hall be carrying on; and in all other cafes at or as near as may be to the Place or Places where the Work (hall have been given out.

V.	And be it further enabled, That the Referees fo to be nominated as aforefaid, (hall meet at the time and Place fixed by the Juftice of the Peace for that Purpofe, and (hall by lnfpeftion of the Work in regard to which the Difpute may have arifen, by hearing and examining the Parties, or any Perfon or Perfons on their or either of their Behalf refpe&ing the Matters in Difpute, or by otherwise ascertaining the true State of the cafe, proceed to determine the Matter or Matters in Difpute referred to them; and the Award to be made by fuch Referees (hall be final and conclufive between the Parties, without being fubjeft to Review or Appeal by or before any Court whatfoever 5 but in caie fuch Referees (hall not agree upon and decide fuch Matter or Matters in Difpute as aforefaid, or mall not make and fign their Award within Three Days after the Date of the Ju(lice’s Order, then the faid Referees (hall without Delay go before the Juftice by whom they were appointed, and in cafe of Im Abfence or Indifpofition, before any .'other of His Majefty’s Judices of the Peace in Inland mod convenient to be found, and (hall date to fuch Juftice the Point or Points in Difference between them the faid Refutes % which Point or Points in Difference tbe laid Juftice (hall and

11	he

 i^ooQle

AD.1813.

53* GEO. lit.

C.75.

S°3

he » hereby authorized and required to hear and determine, upoir the Statement of the Referees; and the faid Juftice is hereby dire&ed and required to fettle and determine the Matter or Matters in Difpute with all poffible D if patch, and in all cafes, within the Space of Two Days after the Application made to him for that Purpofe, and the Determination of fuch Juftice (hall be final and conclufive between the Parties in Difpute, without being fubjett to Review or Appeal by or before any Court whatfoever.

VI.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That if either of the Re- Juftice nuy defences (hall refufe or delay to go before the Juftice, fuch Juftice is J?rm,ne upon hereby empowered and required to determine the Matter or Matters omTueferi in Difpute upon the Statement and Representation of the other e e ** Referee.

VII.	Provided always and be it ena&ed, That in cafe either or Juftice on Refb-both of the Referees fo to be nominated as aforefaid (hall refufe or fal of R:ferees delay to accept fuch Reference, or to a& therein, the Juftice by 10

whom they were appointed, and in cafe of his Abfence or Indifpofi- Dame 01 ** tion, fome other ot His Majefty's Juftices of the Peace in Ireland moft convenient to be found, (hall proceed to name another Perfon or Two other Perfons of the Defcriptions aforefaid, to be Referee or Referees in the Place of fuch Referee or Referees fo refilling or delaying ; and the Parties in Difpute (hall refpe&ively have the fame Power of challenge in the cafe of a Second Nomination as is given by this A6k in the cafe of a Firft Nomination, except fo far as the Power may have been exercifed upon fuch Firft Nomination; and in every cafe of a Second Nomination, the Referees (hall meet within Twenty four Hours after the Application for the fame, and at the fame Place at which the Meeting of the Referees firft named was appointed; and the Expence of every fuch Application for a Second Appointment of a Referee (hall be borne and defrayed by the Party through whofe Default or the Default of whofe Referee fuch Application (hall be rendered neceflary 5 and the Juftice making fuch Second Appointment (hall certify the fame in the Form for that Pur-pofe fet forth in the Schedule to this A£t, or in fome other Form to the like EfFe&.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That in every cafe after Second Where Second Nomination of a Referee or Referees, if both the Referees (hall not Referee does not attend at the time and Place appointed for fettling the Matter or Mat- c,lc oth®f ters in Difpute, it (hail be lawful for the Referee attending at fuch determbi?.** time and Place, to proceed by himfelf to the hearing and determining

wf the fame; and the Award of fuch foie Referee thereupon (hall be	7

final and conclufive, without being fubjed to Review or Appeal by or before any Court whatfoever.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enabled. That if the Parties in Dif- Juftices may pute (hall think it expedient to extend the time hereby limited for the tend Period making of the Award, it (hall and may be lawful for them to extend ^““ted for the fame accordingly by Indorsement (according to the Form in the AwinL Schedule hereunto annexed) on the Order of the Juftice of the Peace,

to be figned by both of them in the Prefence of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneftes; any thing hereinbefore contained to the con-tray notwithftanding.

X.	And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful to Jufticettofum-and for any fuch Juftice of the Peace a* aforefaid, and he is hereby mon Wiuaeffes. authorized and required, on the Application of either of tbe Parties

in



in

C-7S-

53“ GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

Perjury.

Arbitrators may proceed in Al>-fcuce of Parties.

Award written

on Juftice*& Order.

Acknowledge mem of fulfilling an Award.

in Difpute, to fummon any Witnefs or Witneffes to appear before him, to be fworn to give Evidence before the Referee* or Referee or Juftice (as the cafe may be), who are err is to fettle the Matter or Matters in Difpute 5 and any fuch Juft ice as aforefaid is hereby authorized and required to adminifter to any fuch Witnefs or Witneffes an Oath in the Form fet forth in the Schedule to this Aft; and if any fuch Witnefs or Witneffes (hall negleft or refnfe to attend before fuch Juft ice as aforefaid to be fworn, or before the faid Referees or Referee or Juftice as aforefaid, who are or is to fettle the Matter or Matters in Difpute, at any time and Place fixed for that Purpofe under the Provifions of this Aft, it (hall and mav be lawful for any fuch Juftice as aforefaid, upon Proof on Oath being made before him of the Service of fuch Summons, either personally or by leaving the fame at the laft or ufual Place of Abode of the Perfon fummoned, and alfo upon the like Proof of the Negleft or Refufal of fuch Perfon to attend as aforefaid in pur-fuance of fuch Summons, unlefs a reafonable Excufe be made for fuch Non-attendance to the Satisfaftion of fuch Juftice, to iffue bis Warrant under his Hand, for the apprehending and bringing fuch Perfon before him ; and if any Perfon fo being brought before fuch Juftice as aforefaid, (hall ftill refufe to attend jto be fworn and be examined, or give his or their Teftimony before the Referees or Referee or Juftice who are or is to fettle the Matter or Matters in Difpute touching the fame, fuch Perfon fo refufing (hall be by fuch Juftice as aforefaid committed to the Houfe of Correftion within his or their Jurifdiftion, there to remain without Bail or Main prize, until he, (he or they (hall fubmit to be fworn, and to be examined and give Evidence before the Referees or Referee or Juftice (as the cafe may be) touching the Premifes.

XI.	And be it further enafted. That all Perfons who in any Examination to be taken upon Oath by virtue of this Aft, (hall wilfully and corruptly give falfe Evidence or otherwife forfwear themfelves before any fuch Referees or Referee or Juftice as aforefaid, (hall and may be profecuted for the fame, and upon Conviftion thereof (hall be fubjeft and liable to fuch and the fame Pains and Penalties as Perfons guilty of Perjury arc by the*Laws now in being in Ireland fubjeft and liable to.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That if either of the Parties in Difpute (hall negleft or refufe to attend the Referees or Referee, they or he may notwithftanding proceed to make their or his Award, in the fame manner as if the Party fo refufing or neglefting had attended.

XIII.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That the Award to be made upon any Reference under this Aft, (hall be drawn up and written at the Foot or upon the Back of the Juftice’s Order, certifying the Appointment of the Referees according to the Form in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or in fome other Form to the like Effeft; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, Tha^ upon Fulfilment of any Award under this Aft, the fame (hall be acknowledged by the Party in whofe Behalf fuch Award (hall have been made; by an Acknowledgment at the Foot thereof, in the Form of the Schedule hereunto annexed, or in fome other Form to the like Effeft, which, with the Award, (hall thereupon be delivered to the Party fulfilling the fame.

XV. And



A3.1813.	53° dm. nL	G.'7J.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That if any Party Thall refufd or delay to fulfil an Award under this Ad, for the Spaoe or Terni Of Two Days aifter the filnse (hall have been reduced into Writing* tt (hall be lawful for any fuch Juftice as aforefaid, on the Application of the Party Aggrieved, and he is hereby required, by Warrant under his Hand, according to the Form of the Schedule hereunto annexed* Or in fome other Form to the like Effed, to caufe the Sum and Sums of Money direded to be paid by any fuch Award to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of any Goods and Chattels of the Perfotr or Perfdns liable to pay the fame, together with all Cofts and Charges attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale, fuch Sale to take place within fuch time, not exceeding Five Days, as the faid Juftice /hall think proper, and the Overplus, if any, to arife by fuch Sale, to be rendered to the Owners of the Goods and Chattels diftramed; and iu cafe it (hall appear by any Return to fuch Warrant that no firfficient Diftrefs can be readily had, which Return may be in the Form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or in fome other Form to the like EfFed, it (hall be lawful for any fuch Juftice as aforefaid, and he is hereby required, by Warrant under his Hand, according to the Form

the Schedule hereunto annexed, or in fome other Form to the like Efifed, to commit the Perfon or Perfons fo liable as aforefaid to the Common Gaol or fome Houfe of Correction, within his or their Jurildidion, there to remain without Bail for any time not exceeding Three Months, nor lefs than Two Months.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That all Cofts, Time and Expences attending the Applications to Juftices to be made under this Ad (except in the Inftance hereinbefore fpecialfy provided for), and of the Reference purfuant to any fuch Application, (hall be fettled by the Referees or Referee by whom fuch Difpute (hall be fettled ; and where the fame (hall be determined by any Juftice of the Peace upon the Statement of the Referees or Referee, in the manner herein direded, then by fuch Juftice; and where the Referees appointed as aforefaid cannot agree as to the Cofts, Time and Expences to be allowed, the fame (hall be fettled by the Juftice of the Peace by whom the laid Referees or Referee were or was named, or, if the cafe (hall require it, by any other Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the fame or fome adjoining (Jounty, Barony, City, Liberty, Town or Place; and the Sara and Sums of Money fo fettled to be paid (tall be fpecified in the Award, and be recoverable, together with the other Sum and Sums of Money direded to be paid by the Award, in manner hereinbefore provided for.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That the following and no higher Fees (hall be allowed to be taken for any Proceedings under this Ad j (videlicit),

To the Clerk of the Juftice :	£ s. d.
For each Summons -		6
For every Oath or Affirmation		6
For drawing and entering the Order			6
For every Award made by thd Juftice - •	— 1 —
For every Warrant * - •	• J —“

53 Gao. III.	X	To

30J

Obedience to Award enforced.

Imprifonment.

Cofts ifcertained by Referees er

Juftice.

Fees on Proceedings.



53* GEO. IH.

AJ).i8i3.

306

Rules for after-taining the Meafure b j which Weaver fti*.

Ticket* of Particulars given out with Warp*.

Agents, Servants or Partners, liable as Principals.

ProMctUngs in tales of Bankruptcy, ftt. of Mritar.

C75.

l*o tlie Conftat>le or other Peace Officer :	iff /. d.
For Service of Summons or Order		6
For executing Warrant of Diftrefs and Sale of Goods	— 16
For Cuftody of Goods diftrained - per Diem	— — 4
For every Mile he (hall travel	_ — 4
For every Return of Warrant of Diftrefs unexecuted		6
For every Caption -	— 1 6

XVIII.	And be it further enaded, That with refped to all the different Fabrics of Muflin, the Length of the Web for which the Weaver is to be paid, (hall be ascertained by the Standard £U of Forty five Inches, and the Breadth thereof by the Standard Yard of Thirty fix Inches 5 and with refped to Calicoes and other Cotton Goods ufually clafied therewith, the Length and Breadth thereof fhall be afeertained by the Standard Yard of Thirty fix Inches; and with refped to Fuftians and other Cotton Goods ufually claffed therewith, the Payment to the Weaver (hall be afeertained by the Standard Yard of Thirty fix Inches, or by the Pound, or by the Spangle, according to the mode of afeertaining the fame ufually praCtifed in and about the Place where the Queftion (hall arife.

XIX.	And be it further enaded, That with every Warp given out by a Manufacturer to a Weaver to be wove in Ireland there (hall be delivered a Ticket, denoting the Quantity, Finenefs, Length and Breadth of the Warp, and the particular Fabric and Denomination of the Work to be performed, which Ticket (hall be figned by the Manufacturer or Perfon employed by him to give out Work, and the fame (hall, in the Event of Difpute between the Mailer and Weaver, be Evidence of all Matters and Things mentioned and contained therein, unlefs the Refult of the Work (hall (hew that fuch Ticket contained an incorred Reprefen tat ion ; and it is hereby ex-prefsly enaded and declared, that the Queftion of corred Repre-fentation in any fuch Ticket (hall be as much Matter of Reference within the Provifions of this A d, as aiw other Matter of Difpute hereinbefore enumerated; and that the Weaver (hall in all cafes be paid according to the adual Length and Breadth of the Warp.

XX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That in aO cafes where Work (hall have been delivered to any Weaver by the Agent or Servant of any Mafter or Mailers, or by One or more of the Partners in any Bufinefs of Cotton Manufacture in Irelaad, and it (hall be objeCled by the Party complained againft that the Complaint ought to have been made againft fome other or additional Perfon or Perfons, it (hall be lawful for the Party complaining to make the Complaint againft any fuch Agent, Servant or Partner^*! the Proceedings direded by this Ad (hut and may be had againft any fuch Agent, Servant or Partner, and (hall be as effectual to charge the Principals or all the Partners (ss the cafe may be), and to fnbj«t them to the Provifions of this Ad in all refpeds as if the Proceedings had been had againft fuch Principals, or againft all fuch Partners.

XXI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That in all cafe* where any fuch Mafter or Matters (hall as aforefaid be or become Bankrupt, or any Aflignment of his, her or their Eftate or £ffeds (hall be or (hall have been made under the faid Bankruptcy or otherwife> by Deed or in Law, the Afligaee or Affiguees, Truftee

or

 ^-ooQie

a.d.i8i3*

53* GEOrflL

307

or Truftees of fuch Eftate or Effeds, (ball be liable to the Proceedings authorized by this Ad againft the Mafter or Mailers, as fully as the Mafter or Mailers was or were before the Bankruptcy or Alignment ; and fuch Proceedings may be commenced and profecuted, or if commenced again (I fuch Mafter or Mailers be afterwards carried on againft fuch Affignee or Affignees, Truftee or Truftees; and fuch Affignee or Affignees, Truftee or Truftees (hall fulfil and abide by the Award made thereupon, and fhall be fubjed to the Provifions of this Ad, in all refpeds, as if the Award had been made againft the Mafter or Mailers before his or their Bankruptcy, or *the Affignment of his or their Eftate or Effeds : provided that all Sums of Money to be paid in purfuance of fuch Proceedings and Award, fhall be recoverable only out of the Eftate or Effeds of fuch Mailer or Mailers, and not out of the proper Money of fuch Affignee or Affignees, Truftee or Truftees.

XXII.	And be it further enaded, That where any Married Complaint* roaftt Woman, or Infant under the Age of Twenty one Years, (hall have ^^cioor Caufe of Complaint in any of the cafes -provided for by this Ad, chttdrtn fctUtik fuch Complaint may be made, and all further Proceedings thereupon had, by and in the Name of the Hulband of fuch Married

Woman, and of the Father, or if dead, of the Mother, or if on the Death of both Parents, of any of the Kindred of any fuch Infant, or of the Surety or Sureties in any Indenture of Apprenticeihip of any fuch Infant being an Apprentice, or for want of iuch by and in the Name of any other Perton whatfoever; and fuch Proceedings fhall be a9 effedual and as valid and binding as if fuch Married Woman was Sole, and fuch Infants were of full Age, and purfued by themfelves the Remedies prefcribed by this Ad.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded, That in all cafes of Difpute Difpute sbenmn that may arife in Ireland between Weavers and Perfons employed by Weaver* ..nd them, or between Mafler9 and Perfons engaged in ornamenting Cotton Perfons employ-Goods with the Needle, every fuch Difpute fhall and may be fettled

in the fame manner, and under the fame Regulations Diredions and an<j Servants or* Provifions in all refpe£ts, fo far a9 the fame are applicable, mutatis nameming Cot-mvtandu, as are hereinbefore direded with refped to Difputes ton,howreferrcd. between Mailers and Weavers; except that in Difputes between Weavers and Perfons employed by them, it fhall not be neceffary to name a Manufadurer, or the Agent or Foreman of a Manufadurer, as one of the Referees.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That every Award, Awards on un-Ticket, Matter or Thing written or done under and by virtue of damped Paper, this Ad, (hall and may be drawn up, written and figned upon undamped Paper; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary thereof

in any wife notwithstanding.

XXV* Provided alfo, and be it enaded. That no Juilice of the Mafter not to Peace, being alfo a Mafter Cotton Weaver, (hall ad as a Juft ice under a<a •» Juftke. this Ad; any thing herein contained, or any former Statute, Law,

Ufege or Cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XXVI.	Provided alfo, and be it enaded, That nothing in this Rate Gf Wages, Ad contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to give to any Piovifo for. Juftice of the Peace Power or Authority to regulate or preferibe the

Rate of Wages for Work.

XXVII.	Provided alfo, and be it enaded. That no Proceeding Want of Form, under this Ad (hall be deemed invalid by reafon of any want of

Form only.

X 2

XXVIII. And





3o8

How frr repeal of former Irifli Atfi.

3 G.o. c.14. *7 G. a. c. 8. 3* G. a. c. lo. x9 & so G. 1. c 19. J

*3«c»4G. ,

«•7•	3

36 G* 3- c.44.

Public Atf.

C. 75.	53°GE(X1IL	A.D.1813-

XXVIII; Provided alfo, and be it enaded, That nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to repeal, abridge, annul or make void, any of the Claufes, Provifions, Re* raedies or Powers contained in the feveral Ads made and palled in Ireland, in the Third, Seventeenth and Thirty firft Years of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, and ia the Nine* teenth and Twentieth, Twenty third and Twenty fourth, and Thirty fixth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, or in any of them, or in any other Ad or Ads heretofore made, which are applicable to the (aid Trade, or the Powers of Juftices of the Peace, as con* neded therewith ; fo far as the fame enad, provide or infiiti any Pains, Penalties or Puniftunents upon or againft Workmen; and (0 far as the fame enad, provide or afford any Remedy or Remedies to the Mafters againft the Workmen engaged in the faid Trade or Ms* nufadure (fave and except where Referees have been appointed in the manner and for the Purpofes direded by this Ad); any thing in this Ad contained to the contrary thereof in any wife not wit h-ftanding.

XXIX. And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall be taken and allowed to be a Public Ad, in all Courts within that Part of the' United Kingdom called Ireland, and all Judges and Juftices of the . Peace are hereby required to take Notice thereof as fuch, without fpecially pleading the fame.

The SCHEDULE to which this A€t refers.

FORM of Juftices Order, certifying Nomination of Referees, and Appointment of Time and Place of Meeting.

- J A. B. One of the Juftices of Peace ading for

do hereby certify, that C. Z). and E. F. are by me duly nominated Referees, to fettle the Matters in Difference between G. H, of Mafter Manufadurer or Weaver [<w the cafe maj fo], and I. K. of	Weaver, or a Perfon

employed by a Weaver, or a Perfon employed in ornamenting Cotton Goods by the Needle [at the cafe may fo] purfuant to an Ad paffed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign ot His prefent Majefty ; and that the faid Referees are hereby direded to meet at on	the

Day of	at	of	the	Clock

in the Forenoon, or Afternoon [nr the cafe may fo].

FORM of Juftices Orders certifying Second Nomination of Referees. t A. B. One of the Juftices of Peace ading for

do hereby certify, that the above named C. D. and E. F. [sr, one of them, as the cafe may fo] having refufed or delayed to ad in the above mentioned Reference, L. M. and N. 0. [or, L. M, only, as the cafe may fo] are [or, is] by me; duly nominated Referees [sr, Referee], together with the above named G>D: [or, E. F.'] to cttle the Matters in Difference between the above named G. H. and /. K. and the faid G. D. or E. F. together with the faid X*. M* (sr, the faid L. M. or N. 0. as the cafe may fo] are direded to meet n. the Place above mentioned, on	the

Day of	at	of	the	Clock

in the Forenoon, sr Afternoon [0/ ti$ cafe may fo].





AJ).r8i3«	53®GEO.IIL	C7 5;

FORM	of	Indorfment extending the Time limited for mating the

Award.

"IXfE, A. B. and C. D. Parties to the within Reference, do hereby agree to extend the fame to the	Day of

inclufive. Witnefs our Hands, this	Day	of

Witnefs,	A. B.

C. D.

FORM of the Oath to le adminijlercd to Witnejfes under this A8. 'JpHE Evidence that you (hall give refpe&ing the Matters in Difr ference between A. B. and C. D. under or by virtue of an A^fc pafTed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A8 [fiate the Title of this Aft] (hall be the Truth, the whole Truth, and nothing but the Truth. So help you GOD.

FORM of the Award to be written at the Foot or upon the Back of the Order of the Jvjlice of Peace, certifying the Reference.

'WTE,	[name	and	deferihe	the	Referees]	the

Referees appointed to fettle the Matter in Difpute between the Parties above or within named [or,	one	of	the

Referees fo appointed,	the	other	Referee

appointed, having failed to attend, or, I N. 0. the Juftice, as tbp cafe may be] do hereby adjudge and determine that [here fet forth the Determination ; to which the Referees or Referee or Juflice, as thf cafe may be, /hall fubferibe their Names.] As Witnefs our Hands [or, my HandJ this	Day	of

FORM of Acknowledgement of Fulfilment of the Awardt to be written at the Foot thereof.

T A. B. do hereby acknowledge, That the above Award has been 1 fulfilled by C. D. who is hereby difeharged of the fame. Witpefa my Hand this	Day of

Witnefs,	A. B.

FORM of Warrant of Dijlrefs.

To the Coirftable of WHEREAS	of	under

v an Award made by	on	the

Day of	purfuant	to an A& pafTed in the Fifty third

Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A8 [fiate the Tale of this A8] is liable to pay to	of

the Sum of	and	alfo the Sum of

for Cofls, Time and Expences, making together the Sum of

and the faid	having refufed or negle&ed to

pay the fame for the Space of Two Days and upwards, fubfequent to the making fuch Award, thefe are therefore to command you to ‘levy the faid Sum of	by Diftrefe and Sale of the

Goods and Chattels of the faid	,	And	we do

hereby order and dire& the Goods and Chattels fo to be diflrained to be fold and difpofed of within	Days, unlefs

tjie faid Sum of	for	which fuch Diftrefs (hall be

X 3	made.

3°9





C. 75.	53* GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

made, together with the reafonable Charges of taking ami keeping

fuch Diftrefs (hall be fooner paid; and you are alfo heieby commanded to certify to me what you (hall do by virtue of this my Warrant. Given under my Hand and Seal at	the

Day of

FORM of the ConflabU’s Return of the Want of Difreft.

T	Con liable of	do	hereby

** certify to	Juftice	of	the Peace of

that I have made diligent Search for, but do not know of, nor can find any Goods and Chattels of by Diftrefs and Sale whereof I may levy the Sum of purfuant to his Warrant for that Purpofe, dated the Day of	Given	under	my	Hand this

Day of

FORM of Commitment thereupon to the Houfe of CornBion.

tv	.	r > \ fTo the Conftable of

[Here name th, County) j and ^ ^ ^ Keeper of ^ Houfc ^

Correftion at

^^THEREAS under an Award made by

on the	Day	of	purfuant

to an Aft palled in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majefty, intituled An A3 \Jate the Title of this A3 J became liable to pay to	the	Sum	of

and alfo the Sum of	for

Cods, Time and Expences, making together the Sum of

and having refufea or negleftedi to pay the fame for the Space of Two Days and upwards, fubfequent to the making fnch Award, my Warrant was, according to the Provifions of the laid Aft, duly made and iflued for the levying the faid Sum of

by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the (aid	;	and whereas it appears by the Return

of	Conftable of	dated	the

Day of	that	he	hath	made	diligent Search

for, but doth not know of, nor can find any Goods and Chattels of the faid	by	Diftrefs	and	Sale whereof the

fajd Sum of	may	be	levied	purfuant to my

faid Warrant, Thefe are therefore to command you the laid Conftable of	to	apprehend the faid

and convey him to the faid Houfe of Correftion at aforelaid, and deliver him there to the Keeper of the laid Houfe of Correftion; and thefe are alfo to command you the Keeper of the faid Houfe of Correftion, to receive him the laid into the faid Houfe of Correftion, and there keep him without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of	Months,	unlefs the laid

Sum of	fo ordered to be paid as aforelaid, (hall

be fooner latisfied, with all reafonable Expences. Given under my Hand and Seal, at	the	Day	of

CAP.

 CjOOQle

A.D.1813.

'53* GEO.HL

C. 76,77.

311

CAP. LXXVI.

An Aft to extend the Provifions of an Aft, pafled in the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, for amending the . lrijb Road Afts, fo far as the feme relate to the Appointment of Supervisors on Mail Coach Roads, to all Roads made and repaired by Prefentment.	[2d	July	1813.]

•	YT7HEREAS it has been found expedient to empower Grand

•	W Juries to appoint Supervifors without Salary, tor the better

•	Prefervation and keeping conftantly in repair Mail Coach Roads 2

•	And whereas it would tend to (Economy and Improvement if the ‘ fame were or might be appointed on all Roads made and repaired by

•	Prefentment 5* Be it therefore enafted by the King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after Grand Juries the palling of this Aft, it (hall and may be lawful for the Grand may appoint and Juries of any County, County of a City or County of a Town, uumintte Super, in Ireland, at any Amzes to nominate and appoint fucn and fo many T“°r*

Perfons, poffefled of a Freehold or Leafehold Eft ate of not lefs than

Five hundred Pounds yearly Value, to be Supervifors of any Road wbatfoever in faid County, County of a City or Town, which (hall be made or repaired by Prefentment, with fuch Powers and Authorities, and fubjeft to luch Regulations and Conditions, as are given and prefcribea to and for Supervifors of Mail Coach Roads under and by virtue of an Aft, pafled in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for amending the Irifh Road 49 O13. t.J* A3s.

CAP. LXXVD.

An Aft to amend an Aft pafled in Ireland in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of His prefent Majefty, for empowering Grand Juries to prefent Bridges, and Tolls to be paid for palling the fame, in certain Cafes.	[2d July 1813.]

WHEREAS an Aft was made in the Parliament of Ireland, Z9&10G. *, holden in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of His (I.) c. 41.

4 prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for empowering Grand 4 Juries to prefent Bridges, and Tolls to be paid for paffmg the fame,

4 in certain Cafes, and Doubts have been entertained whether Lifting ( or Portcullis Bridges are within the Intent and Meaning of the 4 (aid Aft; and whether if fuch Lifting or Portcullis Bridget * could by Law be built or erefted and maintained purfuant to the 4 Provifions of the Cud recited Aft, the Perfons undertaking or ereft-A ing any fuch Bridge or Bridges, their Heirs, Executors, Adminif-4 trators or Affigns, can by Law be compelled to keep the Naviga*

4 tion of any River whereon fuch Bridge or Bridges ftiould be erefted 4 free and uninterrupted for ever, and to keep as weft the Lifting 4 Parts or Portcullifes of fuch Bridge or Bridges, as the Whole of 1 fuch Bridge or Bridges, in good and fufficient Order, Repair and 4 Condition, with proper Attendants thereon, at their own proper 4 Cofts, fo as to permit Ships,. Boats and Veflels at all times to paft 4 there through, and not to fuffer fuch Bridge or Bridges, Port*

X 4	4	cullii





C-77*

53* GEO. III.

A.D.1SI?.

Provifions of recited Aft extended to Portcullis Bridget.

All Propa&ls for ercfting Bridges nude in Writing is a Contra# between Proposer and Trea-fisrer of County, •ftd Bond given (at Performance.

Treafurer may proceed by In-di&ment in cafe •f Bridge being •utof Repair.

4 cullis or Lifting Bridge, or any Part of the fame refpeftively, by 4 Negleft to run into Ruin and Decay, and thereby to impede o*

4 flop up the Paffage of fuch Bridge or Bridges, or the Navigation' • of any fuch Bridge, or by means thereof to compel the Public to 4 confent that the Lifting or Portcullis of fuch Bridge or Bridges 4 may be removed, and the Space over which the fame might be 4 eredled or made, filled up or become folid Be k therefore enafttd by the King's Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and. Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid recited Aft, and all the Provifions therein contained, fhall extend and be deemed and conftrued to extend to all and every Bridge or Bridges having any Portcullis or Lifting Parts as have heretofore been built or propofed to be built, or (hall hereafter be built or propofed to be built under the Provifions of the faid recited Aft; and that all Perfons building or propofing to build any fuch Bridge or Bridges having any Portcullis or Lifting Part, (hall and may avail themfelves of all Powers and Benefits to arife by or from the fame Aft, and (hall be fubjeft to all Claufes and Conditions of the faid A#, as fully and effeftually as if the Term and Defcriptioa of Portcullis or Lifting Bridge or Bridges, or Bridge or Bridges having any Portcullis or Lifting Parts, had been exprefsly named and inferted in the faid Aft.

II. And, for the better fecuring the perpetual free and uninterrupted Navigation of any and every River whereon any Bridge or Bridges whatever (hall or may be built, and efpecially where it is the Intention that fuch Navigation (hall not be interrupted, and the better to carry into Effeft the general Purpofes of the find recited A6t, be it further enafted, That every Propofal for building any Bridge or Bridges whatever, made or to be made under the faid recited Aft and this A6t, by any Perfon or Perfons to any Grand Jury or Grand Juries of any County, County of a City or Town, and received by them according to the faid Aft, (hall be reduced to Writing in the Nature of a Contraft between the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Propofal, on the one Part, and the Treafurer of any fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town for the time being, his Suc-ceflor and SuccefTors, for and on Behalf of the Public, on the other Part; and fuch Contraft (hall be figned by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Propofal, and (hall he binding and conclufive upon fuch Perfon or Perfons, his, her or their Executors, Admmiltrators or Affigns ; and that fuch Contraftor or Contractors (kill at the f me time, together with Two fufficient Sureties to be approved of by fuch Grand Jury, execute ptito fuch Treafurer and his SuccefTors a Bond or Obligation, with Warrant of Attorney for confefitng Judgment thereon, in a Penal Sum or Sums not lefs than Double the Amount of the Eftimate of fuch Bridge, as approved by the Grand Jury, conditioned for Performance of the Covenants and Conditions of fuch Contraft or Contrafts $ which faid Bond and Warrant fhall and may from time to time, and at all times be put in force by fuch Tnafurer for the time being, to compel the Execution of fuch Contraft, and as is ufua! in cafes of Breach of Contraft ; and it (hall and may alfo he lawful for fuch Treafurer for the rime being, and he is hereby required to proceed by Indiftment for a Nokance at Common Law againil any fuch Contraftor or Contractors, his or *	their



:D.i8t3*

GKO. III.

C-77*

i*8

fir Heirs, Executors, Admiaritrators or Affigns, in cafe any filch ridge or Bridges, whether having a Portcullis or Liftirfg Part, or otheraife, (hall be negleded and (hall be out of Repair, and (hall not fee kept up and regularly maintained and attended to by fuch Contractor or Contra&ors, his or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators or Afigns, according to the Term of fuch, Propofol and Contrad as aforefaid ; or in cafe the Navigation of the River, over which fuch Bridge, if the fame (hall have any Portcullis or Lifting Part fhah be eveCted, (hall be obftruded or injured in confeque nee of fuch Bridge being out of Repair as aforefaid ; and if Judgment (hall be given again ft any Defendant or Defendants in any Suit, or upon any Indi&-ment to be commenced or preferred in purfuance of this ACi, then the Property of fuch Bridge or Bridges, whether Portcullis or Lifting Bridges, or otherwife, and all the Paffages and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and all Benefit of the fame, (hall immediately thereupon veil in fuch Treafurer for the time being, and his 8uc-ceflors, for the Ufe of the Public, and (hall thence forward become and be confidered a Public Bridge, and the King’s Public and Common Highway, and (hall be repaired and kept in proper Order as a Public Bridge and Common Highway ; and all Tolls impofed for the palling fuch Bridge, under or by virtue of the faid recited Ad, (hall forthwith ceafe and be no longer paid and payable.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe the Treafurer of any County, County of a City or County of a Town, being thereto acquired by any Two Inhabitants of fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town, who (hall have ferved as Grand Jurymen at the Affizes immediately preceding, (hall refufe or negled to proceed againft fuch Contrador or Contradors, according to the Provifions o? this Ad, fuch Treafurer (hall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by A&ion of Debt in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record in Dubim, by any Perfon who (hall Cue for the fame.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That when any Bridge or Bridges, having any Portcullis or Lifting Part, (hall be erected under the Provifions of the faid Ad and this Ad, over any River, no Ship or Veffel pafling through the opening of fuch Bridge (where fuch Portcullis or Lifting Part (hall be) (hall be fubjed or liable to pay any Tax or Toll for fuch PafTage j and that it (nail be a Condition and Part of the Centred to be entered into as aforefaid, by the Perfon or Perfons propofing to build fuch Bridge, that fuch Contrador or Contradors, his Heirs, Executors, Adminiilrators or Affigns, ftuk, at all Times and Seafons, at his and their own Cofts, provide and procure the conftant Attendance of Two or more proper Pfcrfoas, as the Conftrudion of fuch Bridge (hall require, fufScient far and fbr the Purpofe of working the Portcullis or Lifting Parts of fuch Bridge, fo as that all Ships and Veflfels may freely pafs and re-» pads through the opening of fuch Bridge, where fuch Portcullis or Lifting Part (hall be, without paying any Toll, and without any Ex pence or Hindrance whatever.

V.	Provided always, and be it enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons to proceed at Law againft the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Bridge or Bridges whatsoever, to obtain Compenfation for any Damage incurred by the Negled of fuch Proprietor or Proprietors; any thing ia the faid recited Ad 0(4his Ad ootwithftanding.

■ VI. And

Treafurer ne-

gle&ing 16pro*-’ fecute Contractors for Negle&, &c.

Penalty.

No Ship (hell pay any Toll far palling through the opening of -Portcullis Bridges.

Perfons injured may pr oceed at Law for Damages;



3*4

19 * *o G. 3. (I) c.41.11*.

Grand furies empowered to redeem Tottaal anytime on firing Twelve Months Notice and paying for the Ume as under recited Ad.

hoviA

Two Grand

Jurymen or

more appointed

to examine Ac*

counts of «-•» w aiges.

Powers of re-citedAA extended to Ad.

c.77.

53* GEO. HI.

A.D.181;.

4 VI. And whereas by the (aid recited Ad Grand Junes are not 4 empowered to redeem the Tolls on any Bridge or Bridget until 4 after the Expiration of Forty one Years from the completing and 4 opening any fuch Bridge or Bridges, and it is expedient that fud& 4 Redemption (hould he allowed in manner hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore further enaded, That, from and after the paffing of this Ad, it (hall and may he lawful for any Grand Jury of any County, County of a City or Town, to redeem any Tolls on any Bridge or Bridges which have been or (hall be ere&ed under the Provifions of the (aid recited Ad or this Ad, at any time whatever after the completing and opening of any fuch Bridge in cafe foch Grand Jury (hall fee fit fo to do; any thing in the faid recked Ad to the contrary notwithfianding: Provided always, that fuch Redemption (hall be made only ou the Payment of fuch Sum or Sums of Money, and in fuch manner as by the faid recited Ad is provided * Provided alfo, that the Treafurer for the time being of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, in which fuch Bridge (hall be fituate, (hall have given Twelve Calendar Mon ths'previous Notice in Writing of the Intention of fuch Grand Jury to redeem fuch Toll; which Notice (hall he figned by fuch Treafurer, by the Order of fuch Grand Jury, and (hall be delivered to the Contrador or Compradors for the Building of fuch Bridge, his or their Executors, Admin iftrators or Afiigne, or to one or more of the Perfon or Perfona who (hall be employed in the Management and Colledion of the Tolls ou fuch Bridge: Provided alfo, that every fuch Grand Jury of every fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town, (hall be and they are hereby authorized and empowered to raife the Sum neceflary to redeem fuch Tolls, in fuch manner as in and by the (aid recited Ad is direded and provided.

Vl I. And he it further enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury of any County, County of a City or County of a Town, ading or proceeding in the Execution of the (aid recited Ad or this Ad, to appoint Two or more of their Number at each ipd every Affizes, to enquire and examine into the State of the Receipt and Expenditure of any and every fuch Bridge; and the (aid Perfont fo appointed are hereby authorized to make foch Enquiry and Examination, and from time to time to report to the Grand Jury at the feveral Affizes, after their Appointment, the Refult of fuch their Enquire and Examination.

VIII. And be it further enaded, That the bid recited Ad (hall (land and remain in full Force and Effed, bve only fo Bur as the fame is hereby altered or amended; and that this Ad and the bid recited Ad (hall be confidered as one Ad, and he conftrued together as one Ad, fo far as the bine are not contradidory or repugnant to each other; and that all Powers and Pxovifiont m the bia recited Ad contained, (hall he applied and put in Force in the Execution of this Ad, ae fully and efredually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the bme were repeated and re-enaded in this Ad*

CAP.





A,D.i8i3

C.7«»7P-

53* GEO. III.



CAP. LXXVUI.

An Aft to continue fof Two Tears, and from thence until the End of the then next Sefiion of Parliament, Two Afts made in the Forty feventh and Fiftieth Tears of His prefent Ma-jefty’s Reign, for the preventing improper Perfons from Having Arms in Ireland*	[id July 1813.]

• T17 HE REAS the Afts hereinafter mentioned are near expiring,

< VV and it is expedient that the fame fhould be continued Be it therefore enafted by the King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this piefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That an Aft made in the Forty feventh 47 G.j.fdT.n. Tear of His prefent Majefty's Reign, intituled An AS to prevent im- c,-*4-proper Perfnns from having Arms in Ireland, as the laid Aft is continued and amended by an Aft made in the Fiftieth Tear of His 50 G. 3. c. 109. prefent Majefty’s Reign, and alfo the laid Aft of the Fiftieth Year further co*s for continuing and amending the laid recited Aft of the Forty feventh Year, (hall be and the laid Afts are hereby further continued, and (hall be in force for Two Years from and after the palling of this Aft, and from thence until the End of the then next Sefiion of Parliament;

CAP- LXX1X.

An Aft for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers of the feud Militia during Peace.	[ad	July	1813.]

‘ TITHE REAS it is neceflary that Provifion fhould be made for

*	VV defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the

*	Militia in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for

*	One Year, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand

*	eight hundred and thirteen Be it therefore enafted by the King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That for every Treafury to UTtis County, County of a City or Town m Ireland, where the Militia is Four Month* or fhall be raifed, the Lords Commiflioners of His Maiefty's Treafury m.a^anc® in Ireland fhall iffue and pay out of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland, ^^cre U° ^ the whole Sums required, in the manner and for the feveral Ufet Maitia raifed. hereinafter mentioned 5 that is to fay, for the Pay of the faid Militia,

at the Rate of Six Shillings per Day for each Adjutant, Paymafter

and Surgeon refpeftively, where an Adjutant, Paymafter or Surgeon

is appointed ; and at the Rate of Five Shillings a Day for each

Quarter Mafter where a Quarter Mafter is appointed; and at the

Rate of One Shilling and Six pence per Day for each Seijeant Rats* of Pay.

refident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps,

with the Addition of Two Shillings and Six pence per Week

for each Seijeant Major and Quarter Mafter Serjeant, where a

Seijeant Major and Quarter Mafter Seijeant are appointed; and Allowance* for

at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Drummer fo refident Contingency

at aforefaid, with the Addition of Sis pence per Day for each Drum

Major,



J

316	C.79.

53° GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

Major, where a Drum Major is appointed; rind at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Fifer lo refident as aforefud; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Two pence per Day for each Corporal fo refident as aforefaid, and alfo at the Rate of Four pence per Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment and Battalion of Militia; One Penoy whereof (hall be applied for defraying the Hofpital Expences of each Regiment or Battalion during the time of the Men being from Clothing. Home upon account of their Annual Exercife 5 and alfo for the Clothing of the Militia for fuch County, after the Rate of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings for each Seijeant, and Two Pounds for each Drummer, with the Addition of One Pound for each Serjeant Major and each Drum Major ; and at the Rate of Two Pounds for each Coiyoral, when fuch Serjeants, Drummers, Seijeant Majors, Drum Majors and Corporals, have not been clothed within Two Years; ana with refpe& to the Private Militia Men, at the Rate of One Pound Twelve Shillings for each Private Militia Man, when fuch Private MiKtia Men have not been clothed within Four when* on Fur-	Years: Provided always, that where any Seijeant, Corporal or

lough.°n ^	Drummer, (hall be abfent on Furlough or Licence, fuch Serjeant,

Corporal or Drummer, (hall, during fuch Abfence, receive the Rates of ray following; that is to fay, every Seijeant the Sum of One Shilling, every Corporal the Sum of Eight pence, and every Drummer the Sum of Six pence per Day refpe&ively, and no more; and it (hall be lawful for the Lora Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to direft that any fuch Play (hall be from time to time ifTued by the faid Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury in Ireland, for any Period not exceeding Four Months from the time when fuch Advances (hall be made.

On Certificate of II. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That in cafe the Colonel, pifeharee of Ser- or jn bis Abfence from the Kingdom, the Commanding Officer of any jeant.&c.noPay Regiment or Battalion of Militia (hall certify in Writing to the ue or im. paymafter of the fame, that he hath difeharged any Seijeant, Cor* poral or Drummer, in fuch cafe no Pay (hall be ifTued for fuch Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, until another be duly appointed.

Sums herein fpsqified.

Colonel to cer- III. And be it further enafted, That whenever the Governor or tify to Treafury Governors, or Deputy Governors, at a General Meeting to be held Days of Exercife, for any County, County of a City or Town in Ireland, (hall have 5tC-ho (hall pay the Days of Exercife for the Militia, the Colonel or Command-«r«c »»,„ jng Officer (hall as foon as may be certify the fame to the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty's Treafury in Ireland, fpecifying the Number of Men and the Number of Days fuch Men are to be abfent from Home on account of fuch Exercife, not exceeding in the Whole Twenty eight Days; and the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury in Ireland are hereby required, within Fourteen Days after the Receipt of fuch Certificate, to iffue and pay out of the Confoli-dated Fund of Ireland, at the Rate of Tert Shillings ter Day for the Captain of each Company, at the Rate of Five Shillings and Eight pence per Day for each Licutenaut, and of Four Shillings and Eight pence per Day for each Enfign, at the Rate of Seven Shillings and Six pence ter Day for each Affiftant Surgeon, and alfo at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Private Militia Man, for any Number of Days not exceeding Twenty eight, during which fuch Men (halt

be

 booQle

A.D.1813.

53** GEO. HI.

C. 79\	3±f

be ablent from Home on account of tbeir Attendance at fech Place of Annual Exercife.

IV. And be it further ena&ed, That all Sums of Money granted Money granted for the Pay, Clothing and contingent Expences of the laid Militia as	^a£» ^'

afore (aid, and the Allowances to Adjutants and Surgeons of the faid !• “* Qnrew! Militia, (hall be iffued and paid by the Lords Commiffioners of His ^ Majefty’s Treafury in Ireland, under the Dire&ionof the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Inland for the time being, who is and are hereby empowered to i(Tue fuch Regulations a* he or they may deem it expedient to adopt from time to time k that

V.	Provided always and be it ena&ed, That where any Regiment Whilt Militia is or Battalion of Militia is or (hall be embodied or called out into actual embodied Pay Service, and thereby the Officers and Private Militia Men are or (ha)l and<^jowanct be entitled to the fame Pay as the Officers and private Men in His to Maiefty's other Regiments of Foot, all Pay as aforefaid (kaU, during,

fuch time of a&ual Service, and until fuch Regiment or Battalion (hall be difembodied and return Home, ceafe and not be paid.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed, That no Fee oc Gratuity No Fee for whatfoever (hall be given or paid for or upon Account of any Warrant Warrant, or Sum of Money which (hall be iffued in relation to or in purfua^ce

of this A&.

VII.	Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed, That any Perfon being on Perfon* on Half Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance, as hating ferved in any P«*y» or entitled or either of the Two Troops of Horfe Guards, or Regiment of Horfe 5° Alliance as reduced, and ferving in the Militia, (hall and may, and he is hereby t^Horf™6 ^ empowered, to receive and take the Subflftence Money by this A& Guards, *c,ferv-diredfed to be paid to Captains, Lieutenants or Enligns; and the ing in Militia, receiving and taking fuch Subfiftence Money by any fuch Captain, may receive fame Lieutenant or Enfign, (hall not be deemed a receiving or taking Pay, on lakinS 0ath; fo as in airy manner to prevent fuch Perfon on Half Pay, or being

entitled to any fkch Allowance, from receiving bis Half Pays or fuch Allowance; and fuch Perfon (hall take the following Oath before fome Juft ice of the Peace who is hereby empowered to adminiftef the feme:

‘ T A.B. do fwear, That I bad not between the	Form 0f Oath,

*	and the	any Place or Employment of Profit,

*	Civil or Military, under His Majefty, befides my Allowance of	1

‘ Half Pay as reduced	in

€ Regiment of	or A llowance as

*	in	late	Troop of Horfe Guards or

*	Regiment	of Horfe reduced, fave and except

' Subfiftence as an Officer, for ferving in the Militia in the County

And taking the faid Oath (hall be fufficient to entitle fuch Perfon to iteeive his Half Pay or the faid Allowance without taking any other Oath; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further ena&ed, That the Lords Commiffioners Treafury on re-of His Majefty** Treafury in Ireland, as foon as they (hall receive a cclvinS Warrant Warrant under the Hand of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the rt(pe6trve Regiments or Battalions of the Militia of Ireland, certifying of c”othingr&c. the Receipt of the Clothing, which Certificate (hall fpecify the to iffue Money

1	’	J	’	MnmVt»r	far Pivmmt

Behalf.

‘ So help me GOD/

 CjOOQle

3'*S

Szptoceof Ho«fe for deporting Anns and Stores of Militia defrayed by County.

Adjutants, Sec. after oo Years Service, xo of which as Adjutant* of Militia, entitled to re. ceive a certain Allowance.

C. 79*	53*GEO.IIL	AJD.1813.

Number of Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers and Private Men, for whom the fame (hall have been fuppiied, and an Order from tbe faid Colonel or Commanding Officer for Money due on Account thereof, payable to the Perfon or Perfons who furniihed the faid Clothing, (hall pay the Sum mentioned in fuch Order to the Perfon entitled to receive the fame, provided tbe faid Clothing (hall not exceed the Allowance hereinbefore directed; and fuch Warrant and Order, together with the Receipt of the Perfon receiving the faid Money, (hall be a fufficient Voucher to the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty's Treafury in Ireland for fuch Payment.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Hire or Coft of any Houfe or Place in which the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing or other Stores belonging to any Regiment or Battalion of Militia in Ireland (ball be kept when not embodied, (hall be defrayed by the County, and the nece(Tary Sum for that Purpofe (hail be raifed by Presentment of the Grand Jury of the faid County, and which Preferment the Grand Jury of the County is hereby authorized and re-quired to pafs, on a Certificate figned by the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and fpecifying the Coft incurred or to be incurred in building fuch Houfe or Place, or the Rent agreed to be paid for the fame; which Certificate (hall be tranfmitted by fuch Chief Secretary to the Clerk of the Crown for Tuch County, at any time prior to the Firft Day of the Affizes for fuch County, or if in the County or County of the City of Dublin^ then prior to the Firft Day of the prefenting Term : Provided that in no cafe any greater Rent than Forty Pounds Irijb Currency (hall be prefented by fuch Grand Jury for the annual Rent of fuch Place, nor a greater Sum than Two hundred Pounds Irtfh Currency (hall be required for building fuch Houfe : Provided alfo, that the Grand Juries of fuch Counties (hall be entitled to purchafe Ground for building and ere&ing fuch Honfe, in the fame manner as they are now by Law entitled to purchafe Ground for building County Gaols.

* X. And whereas Perfons appointed to a£t as Adjutants and 4 Surgeons in the Militia may, by Age or Infirmity, be rendered

*	incapable of doing the Duty thereof, and it is expedient that fome 4 Provifion fhould be made for them in Confideration of their former

•	Services ;* Be it ena£ted, That if any Adjutant or Surgeon of the faid Militia, who (hall have ferved faithfully either in His Majefty’s Regular Forces or in the faid Militia, for the full Term of Twenty Years in the Whole, Ten of which he (hall have ferved as an Adjutant or Surgeon of Militia, (hall have been by Age or Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service, he (hall on producing to the Lords Com-miffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury in Ireland a Certificate of foch Service of Twenty Years as aforefaid, from the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia to which he belongs, be entitled to receive, and the (aid Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury in Ireland (hall be, and they are hereby authorized and required, to pay to fuch Perfon producing fuch Certificate as afore* faid an Allowance at tbe Rate ot Six Shillings per Diem : Provided always, that no Perfon (hall be entitled to receive fuch Allowance as aforefaid, who (hall have ferved for a lefs Term than Ten Years in the Militia, or who (hall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majefty.

16	«	XI.	And



1*9

AD.iSij.	53*GEO.	IIL	C.	79.

* XI« And whereas it is expedient to make fome Addition to the

*	Pay of certain Subaltern Officers and to Affiftant Surgeons of the ‘ Militia Forces of Ireland during Peace, under certain Regulations;9 Be it therefore further enaded, That, from and after the difembody-ing of the Militia Forces in Ireland, certain annual Allowances, over and above the Pay to which during Peace they are now entitled, (hall for the future be allowed and paid to fuch Subaltern Officers and Aififtant Surgeons to the Amount, under the Reftridions, and in the manner hereinafter exprefied; that is to fay, to every Subaltern of the hud Militia, who mall have at any time previous to the Expiration of Four Months from the paffing of an Ad of the laft Seffion of Parliament, intituled An AB for defraying until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred ana thirteen, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowance* in certain Cafe* to Subaltern Officers of the faid Militia during Peace, been appointed to a Commiffion in the faid Militia, or who, previous to the Expiration of Four Months from the paffing of this Ad, (h*ll be appointed to a Commiffion, and who (hall nave continued faithfully to ferve in the fame Corps until the difembodying thereof, the Sum of Twenty five Pounds per Annum (hall be allowed and paid over and above the Pay to which they may be by Law entitled during Peace, and over and above any Deduction of any Kind, or for any Purpofe whatfoever; and to every Aififtant Surgeon a like Allowance of Twenty five Pounds per Annum, in the manner hereinafter mentioned.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no Perfon who is or (hall at any time hereafter become poftefied of fuch an Eftate or Income, as would by Law entitle him to hold a Captain’s Commiffion in the Militia of a County at large in Ireland, or who is or fhall be at any time hereafter appointed Adjutant or Paymaller in any Regiment or Battalion of the laid Militia, nor any Perlon deriving in any way whatfoever, otherwife than as a Subaltern or Affiftant Surgeon of the faid Militia, any Income, Stipend or Allowance whatfoever from the Public, nor any Officer on the Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Army or Marines, who (hall alfo hold a Subaltern’s Commiffion in the faid Militia, (hall have or be in any wife entitled to the faid annual Allowance or any Part or Share thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary.thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That every Subaltern Officer and Affiftant Surgeon of the Militia of Ireland, wno (hall claim under the Authority of this Ad to receive any fuch annual Allowance, (hall, previous to receiving the fame, and in order to entitle himfelf thereto, annually take and fubfcribe an Oath before fome one of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County, or County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland^ to which the Regiment or Battalion in which he ferves fhall belong, in the Words or to the Effed following; videlicet,

€ J A. B. do fwear. That I am ferving as a Subaltern Officer [or, 4 Affiftant Suigeon, a* the cafe map &,] in the

*	Regiment or Battalion of the Militia of Ireland ; and that I am not

*	in my own Right or m Right of my Wife, nor have been fince

*	the difembodying of the faid Regiment or Battalion, in the adoal

*	Poffeffion and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of

*	Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of fuch an annual Value above

1 Reprizes,

Annual Allowance to Subaltern Officers after di£ embodying of Militia.

$% 0.5.

Exception*

Subalterns claiming Allowances to tabs Oath:

Fora of Oath



^	hi*

*	Reptiles, as WOttfei qualify tfi* to hold * CaptflitP* Coflirail&Min

*	the Mt4itia of * County At large iu Ireland ,• and that I am net,

*	nor hate been iince the difembodying of the faid Regiment or Bat-

*	talion, an Adjutant or Paymafter in any Regiment or Battalion of

*	the Militia of Ireland t and that I do not hold of enjoy, nor have

*	held or enjoyed, nor does nor hat any Pertort for ate boUl or enjoy

*	or held of enjoyed, fince the difembodying the faid Regiment or «* Battalion, any Office or Income whatfoeter from the Public; c and that 1 am not entitled either to the Full or Half Fay of the

*	Navy, Army or Marines, nor have been fince the difembodying

*	of the faid Regiment or Battalion.	So	help	me GOD/

tWnf-

to

of

I by

Col-

Excife.

Ah-

'on for in-Ctrti-

Whtch Oath, fo taken and fubferibed, fhafl be by the faid Juftice forthwith certified and tranfmitted, and he is hereby required to certify and traufmit the fame to the Cofle&or of Excite at the Diftrift in which rhe County, County of a City or County of a Town (hall be fituate, to which fuch Regiment or Battalion of Militia in which fuch Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon fhall be then ferving (hall belong, to be by him filed and preferred for the Purpofes hereinafter mentioned.

XIV And be h further enabled, That evety Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon of the faid Militia who (nail be entitled, or claim to be entitled to the Benefits of this A6t, (hall regularly attend the annual Exercife and Training of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, during the Whole of the Twenty eight Days by Law required for that Purpofe, and (hall during that time, punctually do and perform his Duty as a Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon of fuch Regiment or Battalion, on Pain of forfeiting the (aid annual Allowance, as well as the Reft of his Pay, and every Part thereof which may be due for the current Year in which he (hall negled or refufe to attend ; and Certificates of his having fo attended and performed bis Duty, figned by the Commanding Officer of the Re-giment or Battalion to which he may belong, (hall be tranfmitted by the faid Commanding Officer to the Colle&orof Excife of the Diftrid in which the County, County of a City or County of a Town is fituate, to which fuch Regiment or Battalion in which fuch Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon 19 then ferving (hall belong, to be by the faid Colle&or received previous to any fuch Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon being entitled to demand or receive the faid annual Allowance, or any Part thereof; and in cafe any fuch Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon, claiming to be entitled to fuch annual Allowance, (hall be by his Commanding Officer permitted or fuffered for any fpecial Caufe or unavoidable Ncceffity, to be abfent during the Whole or any Part of fuch annual Exercife (in which cafe it (hall be lawful for fuch Commanding Officer to grant foch Leave of Abfence ; and for fuch Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon, who may be fo permitted to be abfent, to demand and receive the faid annual Allowance, and every Part thereof, m like manner as if he h*d attended during the Whole of the annual Exercife), the Reafons tot Ibch Abfence, as well as the Duration thereof, fhall be carefoHy and truly fpecified in the Certificates before mentioned, figned by the Commanding Officer, to be by him tranfmitted as foon as conveniently' may be to the CoUe&or of Excife for the DiflriA ttr which fuch County, County of a City or County of a-Town, to which foch Regiment or Battalion (hall belong is fituate, and to the Chief iz	Secretary



321

A.D.1813.

J3° GEO* III*	C	79.

Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That in cafe Mflhimot any Regiment or Battalion of the faid Militia, after the (fifembody-

ing thereof, at any time (hall not be called out for the annual SuKalten!* 1UU Exercife and Training thereof, every Subaltern Officer and Affiftant •ntitltd to Surgeon belonging to any fuch Regiment or Battalion, and coming Allowance, within the Delcriptions of this Aft, who (hall have taken the Oath hereinbefore mentioned, before any fuch Juftice of the Peace as aforefaid, (hall be entitled to the laid annual Allowance, as it fuch Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon had regularly attended the annual Exercife and Training of fuch Regiment or Battalion during the Whole of the Twenty eight Days by Law required for that Purpofe, and as if a Certificate of fuch Attendance, figned by the Commanding Officer of fuch Regiment or Battalion, had been tranfmitted to the Collector of Excife for the Diftrift in which fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town, to which fuch Regiment or Battalion (hall belong is fituate, according to the Dire&ions of this Act; any thing contained in this Aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That upon fuch Certificate as Allowance* paid

aforefaid of fuch Juftice of the Peace and Commanding Officer as	De"

aforefaid, or where any Regiment or Battalion fhall not have been du ** called out to their annual Exercife as aforefaid. upon Certificate of

any fuch Juftice of the Peace only being produced to or received by the refptftive Colleftors, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Colleftors, and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to the faid Subaltern Officers and Affiftant Surgeons, the annual Allowance above mentioned, in Addition to their Pay, without any Deduftion whatfoever, Out of any public Monies in their Hands; all which Monies fo paid by fuch Collectors (hall be allowed them in their Accounts; the Certificates before mentioned to be by them preferved and produced as Vouchers for the Payments from time to time made by them in purfuance of this Aft.

XVII.	And be it further enafted. That the Subaltern Officers Suhjltern* not and Affiftant Surgeons of the faid Militia, entitled or claiming to attending whtn be entitled to the Benefits of this Aft, (hall at all times be liable c*“ ^ upoiu to ferve in the refpeftive Regiments or Battalions to which they

whenever the fame (hall be embodied or called out upon

Service ; and in cafe of Negleft or Refufal to attend when called upon, or in cafe any Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon (hall a Second time negleft or refufe to attend and perform bis Duty Penilty. at the annual Exercile as before direfted, each and every fuch Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon fhall forfeit his and their Claim to the faid annual Allowance, and every Part thereof, in all time to come, and (hall alfo be confidered as having refigned and vacated his and their Commiffion and Commiffions to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

AVI 11. And be it further enafted, That the faid feveral annual Allowance paid Allowances (hall be paid to the Perfons refpeftively entitled thereto, by the Colleftors, upon the Produftion of the before mentioned feveral Certificates as foon after the times of the annual Exercife and Training as may be convenient or prafticable : Provided always, that nothing in this Aft contained (hall extend of be conftrued to

5J Gao* III.

Y

extend.





r.ot paid while Militia embodied.

Allowances to extend only to a certain Number.

Senior Lieutenant to have Preference, and Junior to fuc-ceed on Vacancies.

R ecovery of Penalties, &c.

A& altered or repealed.

Continuance.

extend, to prevent any Subaltern Officer entitled to the Benefit of this Ad, from receiving the Pay allowed by Law for his Attendance at fuch annual Exercife as before mentioned, over and above the faid annual Allowance : Provided alfo, that nothing in this Ad (hall extend or be conftrued to extend, to entitle any Subaltern Officer as aforefaid to the faid annual Allowance, or any Part thereof, during the time the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs (hall be embodied or called out on adual Service : Provided alfo, that this Ad* and the Benefits and Allowances therein contained (hall extend* and be conftrued to extend* to the Affiftant Surgeon of each and every Regiment or Battalion refpedively, and alfo to the refpedive Numbers of Subaltern Officers in each and every Regiment and Battalion hereinafter refpedively fpecified and no more ; that is to fay, not exceeding Twenty Subaltern Officers in any Regiment confifting of Ten Companies; not exceeding Eighteen Subaltern Officers, in any Regiment confifting of only Nine Companies ; not exceeding Sixteen Subaltern Officers in any Regiment confifting of only Eight Companies ; not exceeding Fourteen Subaltern Officers in any Regiment or Battalion confifting of only Seven Companies; and not exceeding Twelve Subaltern Officers in any Regiment or Battalion confiftiirg of only Six Companies.

XIX.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe in any Regiment or Battalion of the faid Militia* at the time of difembodying thereof* there (hall happen to be a greater Number of Subaltern Officers coming within the Description of this Ad than can be entitled to claim the Benefits thereof* within the true Intent and Meaning of the foregoing Provifo* the Senior Officers of fuch Number (hall always be preferred* and be alone entitled to demand and receive the before mentioned Allowances* and that the Junior Officers (hall fucceed to fuch Allowances in Rotation as Vacancies may happen among the faid Senior Officers from time to time.

XX.	And be it further enaded* That all Penalties and Cofts, and Charges of Suit* and all Sums of Money to or for which any Perfoo or Perfons is or are or may be made anfwerable or liable, under or by virtue of this Ad* (hall be paid in Irijh Currency* and (hall be recovered in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Dublin, by Adion of Debt* Bill* Plaint or Information* wherein no Efloio* Wager of Law* Privilege or Protedion* nor more than One Imparlance (hall be allowed.

XXI.	And be it further enaded* That this Ad may be altered* amended or repealed* by any Ad or Ads to be made in this'prcfent Seffion of Parliament.

XXII.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen* and no longer.

CAP. LXXX.

An Ad for raifing the Sum of Three handred and thirty thoufand Pounds by Treafury Bills for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.

[ad July 1813.]

u IRISH Treafury may iflue Bills to a certain Extent to bear “ Intereft. § Bills ifiued not to exceed i^OjOOO Irijh Currency.





3*3

A.D.1813.	53°GEO. III.	C.80,81.

** Bills, if not paid off, (hall be taken in Payment of the Revenue " in Ireland, after fuch time as the Treafury (hall appoint, and Intereft fhall ceafe. § 2, 3. Money to be carried to the Irijb M Confolidated Fund, f 4. Bills to be chargeable thereon. § 5. Bank €t of Ireland may advance the Sum of ^330,000 on Credit of « Aft. f 6.

CAP. LXXXL

An Aft to amend feveral Afts relating to the Militia, and to enlifting of the Militia into His Majefty’s Regular Forces.

[2d July 1813.]

*	TTFHEREAS Doubts have arifen as to the Relief of Wives 4 VV and Families of Men ferving in the Militia, where fuch 4 Wives have accompanied or been with their Hufbands with the 4 Regiment, or left their Children or Home; and it is expedient that

*	fuch Doubts fhould be removed: And whereas it is alto expedient

*	that certain of the Provifions of the Afts relating to the Militia fhould

*	be amended:’ May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted, and be it enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and

by the Authority of the fame. That no Wife or Family of any Wife of Militia-Perfon ferving in the Militia, and entitled by reafon thereof to nan following Relief, fhall be deemed or conftrued to have forfeited or to forfeit Re«jm€"J»or fuch Claim to Relief, by reafon of fuch Wife having followed or o^Retum enti-accompanied or been • with her Hu (band with the Regiment in tied to Relief, which her Hufband fhall ferve, or by reafon of any fuch Wife leaving her Child or Children, or departing from her Home; but any wife and Family of any Militiaman entitled as fuch to Relief, fhall, upon her Return to her Home, be entitled, from the time of her Return, to claim and have fuch Relief for herfelf and Family as is direfted by the Laws in force for the Relief of Families of Militiamen, not with (landing any fuch following or accompanying of, or having been with her Hufband, or leaving her Child or Children, or departing from her Home; any thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament paffed in the Reign of His prefent Majefty relating to the Militia of Great Britain to the contrary notwithftanding. -

II.	And be it further enafted, That the Allowance to be made to Allowance to

a Surgeon employed in the Examination of balloted Men and Sub- Surgeon* attend, ftitutes, under the Proviftbns of an Aft paffed in the Forty fecond RiotedmTd^&c. Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for amending the Law jncreafed. * relating to the Militia in England, andfor augmenting the Militia, or 4a o. 3. c.90. of another Aft paffed in tne fame Year, intituled An A3 to raife i J*. and ejlahlijh a Militia Force in Scotland, (hall be One Guinea for 4*0.3. thievery Day he (hall aftually attend for that Purpofe, inftead of Ten *

Shillings; any thing in the (aid recited Afts to the contrary notwith-ftanding 5 and fuch increafed Allowances (hall be paid in like manner as the former Allowance of Ten Shillings per Day was direfted to be paid.

III.	And be it further enafted. That it (hall be lawful for the Secratiryit Secretary at War for the time being, to require and take from all

Perfons who (hall be appointed to the Situation of Clerks of Sub- yifioift to gWe *" dtrifon Meetings after the paffing of this Aft, Security by Bond, in Sesurky.

* .>	Y	2	fuch





3*4

Ptoakf.

Volunteer* in what cafe not liable to ferve in Militia,

44&3.C.54*

although ballot-

ted while Vo-hinteefi

Additional Serjeants, C01 poralc end Drummers.

Hew Supernumeraries railed.

ji G. j. c.aob

MSBria Officers mar take Men at Head Quarter or any ad-jnin'mg County.

Where am than One Rep-

C.8la

53° GEO. IU,

A.D.1813.

fuch Sum as to him (hall feem reaionable, with Two fufficient Sureties for the due Execution of the Trufts repofed iu them, and for the duly Paying and accounting for, according to Law, all Sums of Money which ihalf come to their Hands as Clerks of Subdivifion Meetings; and no Appointment of any Perfon after the paffing of this Ad (ball be good or valid till fuch Security (hall be given 5 and every Perfon fo appointed as aforefaid, and ading as a Clerk of Subdivifion Meeting, without having firft given fuch Security as aforefaid, (hall forfeits for any time he (hall fo ad, before having given fuch Security, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with the Amount of all Money which (hall have been paid to him as fuch Clerk of Subdivifion Meetings as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That no Member of any Corps of Volunteers whofe Services (hall have been or may be difeontinued by any Order of His Majefly, (hall be compelled or liable to ferve in the Militia by reafon of his having been balloted during the Period of his having been an effedive Volunteer; any thing contained in an Ad pafled in the Forty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty. intituled An AS to confolidatt and amend the Provifions of the feveraJ ASs relating to Corf 1 of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain; and to make further Regulations relating thereto^ to the contrary notwithftand-ing: Provided always, that fuch Exemption (hall not extend to any Volunteers difeharged for Mifcondud, or quitting any Corps before the Services thereof (hall have been difeontinued by Order of His Majefly.

V.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, with the Approbation of His Majefly, to appoint additional Non Commif-fioned Officers and prummers to fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in the Proportion of One additional Seneant, and One additional Corporal, and One additional Drummer, for every Fifty Supernumeraries His Majefly may order to be raifed for fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for His Majefty to allow and order the railing by Beat of Drum for the Mintia of each County, over and above the Quotas to which the Militia is to be reduced under an Ad pafled in the Fifty firft Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS to allow* certain Proportion Of the Militia of Great Britain to enli/l annually into the Regular Forces ; and to provide for the gradual ReduSion of the /aid

fuch Number of Supernumeraries as His Majefty (hall order and Aired, not exceeding One Half of the Amount of the Quotas above mentioned.

VII.	And be it further enaded. That it (ball be lawful for the Colonels or Commanding Officers of Regiments of Militia, and the Commiffioned and Non Commiffioned Officers thereof, with the Approbation of His Majefty, to raife Men for the Militia by Beat of Drum at the Head Quarters of their refpedivei Regiments, or within Ten Miles thereof, although fuch .Head Quarters or Circle of Ten Miles may not be within the County to which the Militia (hall belong, or any aokmiing County; any thing in any Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

' VIII. And be it further enaded, That the Proportion of Men allowed to enlift into His Majefty*s Regular Forces from.the Militia

of

 ^ooQle

AJD. i 8Y3.	53° GEO. III. C. 8 r, 8a.	yi$

of any County, Riding, Divifion or Stewartry, having more than One ment,Proportkm Regunent, (hall be One Seventh of the adual Eftabliftiment of each ofeach R^S»> Regiment at the time of fuch enlifting, and not in Proportion to the	*•

Number of Men adually ferving ; any thing in any A6t or Ads of e ParKameot relating to enlifting from the Militia to the contrary not* withflanding.

IX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That if the Number 1“ whitcife, any of Men adually ferving in any Regiment on the Twenty fourth Day »h°veE<taMi(h-of January in each Year (hall, after ^eduding the annual Quota	Mowed tm

allowed to enlift therefrom into His Majefty’s Regular Forces, exceed the Number allowed upon the Eftablifhmcnt of (uch Regiment, fuch Excefs (hall be allowed to volunteer and enlift into His Majefty's Regular Forces, in addition to and over and above fuch annual Quota a* afore faid ; any thing in any Ad or Ads to the contrary notwith-Handing.

* X. And whereas no Provifion is made by the faid Ad for the 4 Recovery of Sums paid by Treafurers of Counties, which ought to • be repaid by Treafurers of other Counties, Cities, Boroughs, Towns 4 and Places ;* Be it further enaded, That in every cafe where an ^ocoftrj of Account of Sums paid by the Treafurer of any County, City, r^™*^** ^ Borough, Riding, Divifion, Town or Place, on account of Militia- xretfiimt. men ferving for any other County, City, Borough, Riding, Divifion, Town or Place, (hall have been tranfmitted to fuch refpedive Treafurer duly certified as required by the faid Ad, and no legal Obiedion (hall have been made to fuch Account within the Period of Three Months from the Receipt thereof, the fame (hall be con-fidered as corred and conclufive, and the Treafurer to whom fuch Account (hall have been fo tranfmitted (hall be liable and is hereby direded to pay the full Amount thereof to the Treafurer from whom he (hall have received fucli Account; and in cafe of Negled of Payment by fuch Treafurer for the Space of Two Months from the Expiration of fuch firft mentioned Period of Three Months, that fuch Treafurer fo negleding (hall be liable to the Penalty of Penalty.

Fifty Pounds.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Ad to amend an Ad made in the Fifty fecond Year of Hi* prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to explain the Exemption from Toll in feveral A3s of Parliament, for Carriages employed in Hujbandry ; and for regulating the Tolls to be paid on other Carriages, and on Horfesf in certain other cafes therein Jpecified; and for other Purpofes relating thereto.

[ad July 1813.]

4 YX7HEREAS by a Claufe in an Ad of Parliament, made in 4 W the Thirteenth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, 13G.31 c.84* 4 intituled An AS to explain$ amend and reduce into One AS of Par•

4 foment, the general Law now in being for regulating the Turnpike 4 Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for other 4 Purpofes, it is enaded, that the Regulations of Weight therein- § 6.

4 before mentioned fhould not be deemed or conftrued to extend to ( any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, employed only iu Huibandry 4 or carrying only Manure for Land, Hay, Straw, Fodder or Com

Y 3	*	unthndhed;



3»<S

St G. 3. e. t*S'

S6.	•

SI O.3. C. 145* *6.

repealed.

Toll not demanded for Carriage, or Cattle, on account of empty Balketf, fcc.

$% Ob y «•Hi* »*•



C.82.	53°GEO. III.	A.D.i8i3.

' unthrafhed: And whereas by a Claufe in an A& of Parliament,

9 made in the Fifty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty’$ Reign, in- . 1 tituled An Ad to explain the Exemption from Toll in fevered Ads of 9 Parliament, for Carriages employed in Iivfbandry ; andfor regulating 1 the Tolls to be paid on other Carriages, and on Horfes, in certain 9 other cafes therein fpecified, it is ena£ted, that the Regulations of

*	Weight in the before mentioned A A of the Thirteenth Year of the 9 Reign of His prefent Majefty, (hall not be deemed or con ft rued to 9 extend to any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, laden with Manure 9 for Land, palling through any Turnpike Gate, fo as to fubje& the 9 Owner or Driver thereof to the Payment of Toll iu refpe& of 9 Overweight, by reafon of any empty Bafket or Balkets, empty Sack

*	or Sacks, for more convenient Carriage, or Spade, Shovel or Fork,

< necefiary for loading and unloading fuch Manure, being in and 9 upon any fuch Waggon, Cart or Carriage, in addition to fuck 9 Manure, if the Loading thereof is fubftantially Manure for Land as 9 aforefaid; provided that the Fellies of the Wheels of fuch Carriages,

*	Waggons, Carts or other Carriages, are of the Breadth or Gauge of

*	Six Inches or more, and that fuch Waggon, together with the • 9 Loading thereof, lhall not exceed Three Tons in the Summer, and

9 Two Tons Ten hundred Weight in the Winter; and to every Cart,

9 having the Fellies of the Wheels of lefs Breadth than Six Inches,

9 Two Tons in Winter, and Two Tons Ten hundred Weight in 4 Summer: And whereas the faid Provifo in the faid laft mentioned

*	Claufe in the faid A6t of the Fifty fecond Year of His Majefty’*

4 Reign is by Experience found to be inconvenient, and to operate 4 to the Dilcouragement of HufbandryMay it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it ena&ed by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That fo much of the faid laft mentioned Claufe as relates to the Breadth of the Fellies of the Wheels of fuch Waggons, Carts or other Carriages, and the Weight of fuch Waggons and Carts, together with the refpe&ive Loading thereof, (hall be and from henceforth (hall ftand absolutely repealed, and is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the pafBng of this A6I, the Owner or Driver of any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, laden with Manure for Land, palling through any T urn pike Gate, or otherwife palling on or acrofs any Turnpike Road, fhall not be liable to pay any Toll, nor fhall any Toll be demanded for fuch Carriage fo laden, or the Cattle drawing the fame, by reafon only of any empty Bafket or Balkets, empty Sack or Sacks, for more convenient Carriage, or Spade, Shovel or Fork, necefiary for loading or unloading fuch Manure, being in or upon any fuch Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, in addition to fuch Manure, if the Loading thereof is fubftantially Manure for Land a9 aforefaid; any thing in any A€t contained to the contrary thereof notwithHanding.

• III. And whereas by another Claufe in the faid A& of the 4 Fifty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, the Exemption

*	from Toll in refpe& of Cattle or Carnages going empty or re-4 turning empty, having been laden with any Dung, Mould, Soil,

4 Marie, Lime or Compoft, of any Nature or Kind foever, for ' manuring or improving Land, or Hay, Straw, or any Fodder for

15	4	Caul*,

3*7

A.D.i8ij.	53*GEO.	III.	0.82,83.

i

4 Cattle, is reftriAed to fuch Cattle or Carriages going empty or 4 returning fo laden ou the fame Day : And whereas by feveral par-4 ticular or local A As for making or repairing Turnpike Roads, the

*	Exemption from Toll for and in refpeA of Cattle and Carriages

*	going empty and returning fo laden, nas been granted without fuch 4 ReftriAion Be it therefore enaAed, That fo much of the faid Exempting from Clanfe as limits the Exemption from Toll granted by fuch feveral Tollon Manure, particular or local AAs to Cattle or Carriages returning the fame

Day, be repealed ; and that all the Provifions of fuch feveral particular or local AAs for making or repairing Turnpike Roads, which grant the faid Exemptions without fuch ReftriAions as aforefaid, (hall Rand and be in full Force ; any thing in the faid AA of the Fifty fecond Year of His prefent Majefly’s Reign to the contrary notwith-fbmding.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enaAed, That nothing in this A A Scotland, or the faid A A of the Fifty fecond Year of His Majelly’s Reign,

(hall extend to Scotland, or to any Turnpike Road out of England.

V.	And be it further enaAed, That this AA (hall be deemed and Public Aft. taken to be a Public A A, and (hall be judicially taken Notice

of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An AA to increafe the Allowance to Innkeepers for Diet furnifhed to Soldiers on a March.	[2d	July 1813.]

4 TT7HEREAS by an AA paiTed in the prefent Seffion of Par- 53 G.3. c.43.

‘ VV liament, intituled An ASfor increqfing the Rates of Subjtftence

*	to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers, all Non

4 Commiflioned Officers and Soldiers while on their March, from 5z* 5*

4 and after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight 4 hundred and thirteen, are entitled to receive their Diet and Small 4 Beer from the Innholders or other Perfons on whom they may 4 be billeted within the Purts of the United Kingdom mentioned 4 in the faid AA, at the Rate of Ten pence per Diem; And 4 whereas it is expedient that the faid Allowance mould be further

*	increafedMay it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaAed 5 and be it enaAed by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, iu this prefent Parliament aftembled, and

by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Twenty Infteadoficd.

fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, i*-ad. allowed .

in Head of the Sum of Ten pence the Sum of One Shilling and	l0M

Two pence (hall be allowed to fuch Innholders and other Perfons 11

for Diet furnifhed to Non Commiflioned Officers and Soldiers ou

their March, for the Periods and according to the Provifions

preferibed in the laid recited A A ; and for fuch Allowance of

One Shilling and Two pence fuch Innholder or other Perfon (hall

furnifh One Meal according to the Provifions of the faid recited

AA ; any thing contained in the faid recited AA to the contrary .

notwithftanding.

Y 4	C	A	Pi



49 G 3- *•&*•

43 G.3. c. 69.

Duties and Drawbacks on Wine imported from Cape to ceafe,and thofe in Schedules A. and B. paid and allowed.

Wine* warehoused under the Regulations re-icsihed by)

43 G. 3.C. 13a. and

45G.3.C.87.

V

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Aft for repealing the Duties payable on the Importation of Wine the Produce of the Cape of Good Hope, and its Dependencies, and charging other Duties in lieu thereof.

[2d July 1813.3

*	TX7HEREAS it ia expedient that the Duties and Drawbacks of

*	V V Cu(lom8 and Excife refpectively payable on the Importation 4 into and Exportation from Great Britain of Wine the Produce of 4 His Majefty’s Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, and of the

*	Territories and Dependencies thereof, (hould be repealed, and 4 that other Duties and Drawbacks (hould be impofed and allowed 4 in lieu thereof Be it therefore enafted by the King’s Moll Ex-4 cellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, iu this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, the Duties and Drawbacks of Cuftoms and Excife refpeftively payable by Law upon Wine the Produce of His Majefty’s Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope% and of the Territories and Dependencies thereof, imported into Great Britain, do ceafe and determine, fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto which (hail have been incurred at any time before or on the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen ; and that, from and after the faid Day, in lieu and in (lead of the Duties hereby repealed, there (hall be railed, levied, colle&ed and paid unto His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, the feveral Duties of Cuftoms and Excife refpeftively on Wine the Produce of His Majefty’s Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or of the Territories and Dependencies thereof, imported into Great Britam, as the fame are refpeftively inferted, deferibed and fet forth in Figures in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.J and (B.) refpedively; and that there (hall be paid or allowed on tne Exportation of fuch Wine the feveral Drawbacks of the faid Duties of Cuftoms and Excife refpedively, as the fame are alfo refpedively inferted, deferibed and fet forth in Figures in the faid Tables: Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to compel the Importers, Proprietors or Confignees of fuch Wine to pay the Duties upon the Importation and Landing thereof, in cafe fuch Importers, Proprietors or Confignees (hall lodge and fecure the fame under the joint Locks of the Crown and tne Merchant, ia Warehoufes in the Port of London under the Regulations of an Aft pafled in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AB for permitting certain Goode imported into Great Britain to be f cured in IVarehoufes without Payment of Duty, or in Warehoufes at the Out Ports under the Regulations of an Aft pafled in the Forty fifth of Year the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AB to authorize the Lord* Commffioners of His Msfefiy*s Treafury to permit certain Articles to be wareboufed in different Ports of Great Britain upon giving Security for the Payment of Duties upon the Articles therein mentioned.

16	II. And

*A.D.i8i3-	53#GBO. IH	C.84.	3*9

II.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Duties and no others Duties charged

(hall be charged and payable on any of the laid Wine, which, haying °« Wine taken been warehoufed or otherwife fecured under the Authority 6f any	'Y*re~

A A of Parliament without Payment of Duty, (hall be taken out of	*****

any fuch Warehoufe or Place wherein the fame (hall have been lodged ^

or fecured, for the Purpofe of being ufed or contained in Great Sri-tain after the faid Fifth Day of July, notwithftanding the fame may have been imported into Great Britain on or before the faid Fifth Day of July.

III.	And b^it further enaded, That fuch of the faid Duties as Duties under (hall arife in that Part of Great Britain called England (hall be under CommiflSoner* the Management of the Commiilioners of the Cuftoms and Excife ofCuftomiind refpedively in England for the time being 5 and fuch thereof as (hall Excife*

arife in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland (hall be under the Management of the Commiffioners of the Cuftoms and Excife refpec-tively in Scotland for the time being.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Duties (hall be ma- Duties bow naged, ascertained, raifed, levied, colieded, paid and recovered in fuch levied, ana the like manner as any Duties of Cuftoms and Excife refpedively

of a like nature are managed, afcertained, raifed, levied, colieded, paid and recovered, and the faid Drawbacks (hall be paid and allowed under and fubjed to the feveral Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regular tions, Reftridions, Penalties and Forfeitures now in force in relation to or made for fecuring the Revenues of Cuftoms and Excife refpec-tively, and for the Payment and Allowance of the Drawbacks of Cuftoms and Excife refpedively in Great Britain ; and all Pains,

Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures for any Offences whatever committed again ft or in Breach of any A St or Ads of Parliament in force on or immediately before the pafling of this Ad made for fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms and Excite refpedively, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof refpedively, or for the Prevention of Frauds relating to the faid Drawbacks refpedively 5 and the feveral Claufes,

Powers and Diredions therein contained, (hall be in full Force and Effed as to the faid Duties and Drawbacks refpedively, as fully and effedually to all Iutents and Purpofes as if they were at large repeated and re-enaded in this Ad.

V.	And be it further enaded, That the Duties by this Ad im- Rate afters

Eofed (hall apply and (hall be deemed and taken to apply after the greater or left une Rate and in the fame Proportion to any greater of Ids Quantity Quantity than a than a Tun of fuch Wine.	Tun-

VI.	And be it further enaded, That all Monies from time to time AppKeetion ti arifing from the faid Duties, the necefiary Charges of railing and Momy. accounting for the fame refpedively excepted, (hall from time to rime be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wejlmindtr% and (hall be appropriated and applied in due Proportions in the tame manner as the jDuties by this Ad repealed were by the feveral Ads of Parliament in that behalf in force immediately before the paffing of this Ad were direded to be appropriated and applied*

VII.	be it further enaded, That this Ad may be altered, Aftafand,*; amended or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be made in thisprefent Seffion of Parliament.

TABLES

 v^ooqIc

53 GEO. HI.

A.D.1813.

t 330	C.84.

!	TABLES to which this Aft refers.

j	Table (A.)

A TABLE of Duties of Cuftoms payable on the Importation of Wine, the Produce of His Majefty's Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or the Territories and Dependencies thereof, into Great Britain.

	Duty.	Drawback.
Wine, the Produce of His Majefty’s Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or of the Territories or Dependencies thereof,  —— imported in a Britilh-built Ship, the Tun containing 252	£ 1.	£ s. d.
Gallons -  	 not imported in a Britilh-built  Ship, the Tun containing 252	14 7 0	
Gallons ....  — exported to any Britilh Colony or Plantation in America, to Brazil or any other of the Territories or Pofleflions of the Crown of Portugal in South America, or to any of the Territories of the United States of America, the	00  00  Wo	
Tun containing 252 Gallons —— exported to any other Place,	- - •	13 6 0
the Tun containing 252 Gallons -	- - -	12 5 0

Table (B.)

A TABLE of Duties and Drawbacks of Excife.

	Duty.	Drawback.
Wine, the Produce of His Majefty’s Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or of the Territories or Dependencies thereof, the Tun containing 252 Gallons	£ j. d.	£ /. d.
	17 10 O	16 $ O

CAP.



A.D.1813.

53° GEO. III.

C.8s#	331'

CAP. LXXXV.

An Aft for amending Two Afts paffed in the Thirty firft and Thirty fecond Years of His prefent Majefty, for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for eftablifliing a regular Method for the punftual, frequent and certain Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them more eafily and readily to remit the fame for the Support of their Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds and Abufes attending fuch Payments.

[2d July 1813.]

WHEREAS by an Aft paffed in the Thirty firft Year of 31G.31. c.io. the Reign of His late Majefty, intituled An AS for the < Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for < efiabB/hing a regular Method for the punBual% frequent and certain 4 Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them more eafily and readily 4 to remit the fame for the Support of their Wives and Families, and * f09 Printing Frauds and Abufes attending fuch Payments ; the §

* Sum of Six pence per Diem was thereby direded to be allowed 4 and paid to Britifh Governors, Minifters, Confuls and Merchants 4 refidmg in Foreign Parts, for the Subfiftence of all Seafaring Men 4 and Boys, Subjects of Great Britain% that ftiould be (hipwrecked,

< captured, or by other unavoidable Accidents be driven or caft < away, or that (hould be difeharged unferviceable from any Ships or « Vetfels of the Royal Navy, and the like Sum of Six pence per • Diem was directed to be paid and allowed to every Mailer or « Perfon having Charge of a Ship or Veffel taking on board fuch * Seafaring Men and Soys in the manner in the faid Ad mentioned :

* And whereas by an Ad paffed in the Thirty fecond Year of the 3a G.3. c.33.

4 Reign f His prefent Majefty, for explaining and amending the * faid Ad, and for further extending the Benefits thereof to retty ‘ Officers and Seamen, Non Commiffioned Officers of Marines and « Marines, ferving or who may have ferved on board any of His • Majefty’s Ships, the Sum of Nine pence per Diem was thereby § 8.

* direded to be allowed and paid inftead of the aforefaid Sum of Six * pence, in the fame manner and under the fame Regulations and 4 Reftriftions as were direded by the faid firft mentioned Ad,

4 refpeding the Sum of Six pence per Diem thereby allowed : And 4 whereas Inconvenience hath arifen to His Majefty’s Service from 4 the prefent Inadequacy of the (aid Allowance of Nine pence per 4 Diem for the Maintenance of Mariners in Diftrefs in Foreign Parts,

4 or for their Subfiftence on board Merchant Ships or Veffels in

‘.which they may be fent Home, in purfuance of the faid Ads

Be it therefore enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by

and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affcmbled, and by

the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this inftead of Som

Ad, there (hall be allowed and paid to the faid Governors, Minifters, paid under re-

Confuls and Merchants for the Maintenance of all fuch Seafaring cited Afts for

Men and Boys, Subjeds of the United Kingdom of Great Britain

and Ireland, as fliall be (hipwrecked, captured or by other unavoidable ft^pw^edced^&c.

Accidents be driven or caft away, or as (hall be dilcharged unfervice- {uch Sum per

able

X

5s i-4*

C85,86.

5 3” GEO. UI.

A.D.ISI3.

^0.3. <. U7.

aMe finom any of His Majcfty's Ships or Veflels, and to every Mailer or other Perfon having Charge of a Ship or Veflel taking 00 board and fubfitting fuch Seafaring Men and Boys in manner in the (aid firft mentioned Aft expreffed, fuch Sum ot Money per Diem as the Lord High Admiral of the faid United Kingdom, or the Com* miffionets for executing the (aid Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, (hall from time to time in their EH fc ret ion authorize or direft to be paid to them the (aid Governors, Mini tier*, Coofais, Merchants, Mailers or other Perfons refpeftively, the like Sum per Diem only being dedufted for fuch time and for fo many Perfons as fuch Mailer or other Perfon as aforefaid (hall want of the Complement of his Ship or Veffel during the Voyage,

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Aft to explain an Aft made in the Fiftieth Year of BRsf prefent Majefty, for direfting Accounts of Tncrefcfe and Diminution of Public Salaries, Penfions and Allowances, to be annually laid before Parliament •, and to regulate attd controul the granting and paying of fuch Salaries, Penfions and Allowances.	[[2d	July	1813.]

WHEREAS an Aft was pafled in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A& to dirtQ that Account* of Incrcafe and Diminution of Pubhc Salaries, Penfions and Allowances, Jhall be annually laid before Parliament; and to regulate and controul the granting and paying of fuch Salaries f Penfions and Allowances : And whereas it had been ufual heretofore for His Majefty, by his Order in Council, to grant, under certain Circumftances, Compenfations and Penfions to Perfons in the Naval Departments, which Compenfationi and Penfions Were placed on tne Ordinary Eftimate of the Navy, and therein brought under the annual Controul and Revifion of Parliament: And whereas Doubts have arifen, whether the faid Aft does not interfere with and prevent the Exerrife of the (aid Power of Hit Majefty in Council, except in certain Cafes and under certain Conditions, in the faid Aft particularly fpecificd s* To obviate thefe Doubts, be it enafted by the King’s Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembied, and by the Authority Redtsd Ad not of the lame, That nothing in the laid Aft contained (half extend or •JLFJT*01 be conftrued to extend to prevent His Majefty in Council from granting fuch Compeftfation or Penfions, and to fuch Amount as CumpnMou;* His Majefty in Council may think proper, to any fuch Perfon or 9 Perfons, in the fame maimer, and according to the lame Rides, Ulage or Praftice, as His Majefty in Council might lawfully hare done before the palling of the laid Aft.

■lamisn Ordl. II. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That every fuch aery liha*» of Compenfation or Pcnfion (hall be placed as on the Ordinary Eftimate Miry.	of the Navy, and IhaH be annually bid before Parliament, according

to tbs' Provifious of the frid Aft*

(JAP.

 ^.ooQie

AJD.1813.

53e GEO. III.

333

C87.

CAP. LXXXV1I.

All A6t to continue for Seven Tears Two A&s pafled in the Forty eighth and Forty ninth Tears of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for preventing Frauds by Boatmen and others, and adjufting Salvage; and for extending and amending the Laws relating to Wreck and Salvage.

[id July 1813.]

4 T1THEREAS an Appalled in the Forty eighth Tear of the 43 ci^a 4 Vr Reign of His prelent Majefty, intituled An Ad for pro*

4 venting Frauds and Depredations committed on Merchants, Ship 4 Owners and Underwriters, by Boatmen and others, within toe 4 JurifdiSkn of the Cinque Ports; and alfo for remedying certain € DefeSs relative to the Adjufiment of Salvage, under a Statute made in 4 the Twelfth Tear of the Reign of Her late Majejly Queen Anne:

4 And whereas another Ad pafled in the Forty ninth Year of the 490.3.61**. 4 Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for preventing 4 Frauds and Depredations on Merchants, Ship Owners and Under*

4 writers, by Boatmen and others; and alfo for remedying certain 4 DefeSs relative to the Adjuftment of Salvage in England, under ate 4 Ad made in the Twelfth Tear of Queen Anne : And whereas it is 4 expedient that the faia recited Ad ftiould be further continued; and 4 the faid Ads and the Laws now in force relating to Wrecks and 4 Salvage fhould be amended, and further Proviflons made in refped 4 thereof:* May it thereore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid recited Ads of the Forty eighth and Forty ninth Years of His prefent Majefty, except fo far as the fame are altered by this Ad, (hall be and contiuue in contiiwd. force for Seven Years from the palling of this Ad, aqd from thence to the End of the then next Sefiion of Parliament, and no longer.

II. And be it further enaded. That no Lord or Lady of any Report of Manor, or other Perfon who maybe entitled to or claim to be entitled Wr4C^!•* to Wreck of the Sea, or to any Goods found Jetfam, Flotfam or Lagan, lhall be entitled to appropriate fuch Wreck or Goods to his, ^ her or their own Ufe, or otnerwife to difpofe thereof, until he, (he or they lhall have caufed a Report thereof in Writing to be given to the Deputy Vice Admiral of that Part of the Coaft where the fame lhall have been ftranded, wrecked or found, or to his Agent, or if there lhall be no fuch Deputy Vice Admiral or Agent refiding within the Diftaoce of Fifty Miles, then to the Corporation of the Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strand, which Report lhall contain an accurate and particular Description of the Wreck or Goods found, and of the Place or Places, and time or times where and when the lame may have been found, and of any Marks that may be thereon, and of fuch other Particulars as may the better enable the Owner or Owners thereof to recover the fame ; and alfo of the Place or Places where the lame are depolited, and may be found and examined by any PerSans claiming any Right to fuch Wreck or Goods, nor until the full Expiration of One whole Year and a Day after the Delivery of

fuch



334

Penalty.

51G. 3. c, 15$.

Periihable Goods fold with Confent of a Juftice.

Money depofited in Hands of Lord of Manor, be.

Carriages may pafs over Lands near Coaft

C.87.	53°GEO. IQ.	A.D.1813.

fuch Notice 5 any thing in any Law to the contrary notwithftanding ; and the Deputy Vice Admiral or Ageot aforefaid fhall, within Forty eight Hours after receiving fuch Report as aforefaid, tranfmit a Copy thereof to the Secretary of the Corporation of the Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strand, upon Pain of forfeiting, for any Negleft to tranfmit fuch Account as aforefaid, the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Perfon who will fue for the fame; and the faid Secretary (hall caufe fuch Account to be placed in fome confpicuous Situation for the Infpeftion of all Perfons claiming to infpeft and examine the fame: Provided always, that nothing herein contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to repeal, or in any manner to affeft any of the Provifions of an Ad paired in the lafl Seffion of Parliament, intituled An AS for charging Foreign Liquors and Tobacco DereliS, Jetfam, Flo Jam, Lagan or IVreck, brought or coming into Great Britain, •with the Duties payable on Imbortation of fuch Liquors and Tobacco.

III.	And be it further enafted, That when any Goods which fhall be found or taken pofieffion of by any Lord or Lady of any Manor, or Perfon entitled or claiming to be entitled, to Wreck of the Sea, or to Goods found Flotfam, Jetfam or Lagan, or hi9 or her Agent or Servant, or by any Vice Admiral or his Deputy or Agent, or by any Officer or other Perfon whatfoever ading by or under the Authority of the faid recited Ads or of either of them, fhall be of fo periihable a Nature, or fo much injured or damaged that the fame cannot be kept, then and in every fuch cafe, fuch Goods fhall and may, at the Requeft of any of the Perfons interefted or concerned therein, or in the faving and preferring thereof, by and with the Confent and Approbation of fome Juftice of the Peace not interefted or concerned m the fame, or in the faving or preferring thereof, and in the Prefence of fuch Juftice, or of fome Perfon for that Purpofe fpecially appointed by fuch Juftice, be fold by Public Audion, or Private Contraft, as fuch Juftice may dired by fome Writing under his Hand, which Writing fhall contain an accurate and particular Account of the Goods, and of any Marks that may be thereon, or other Particulars belonging thereto, and of the times and Places of the finding and intended Sale thereof; and the Money raifed by fuch Sale, after defraying the reafonable Expences of the Sale, to be fettled and allowed by fuch Juftice, fhall be depofited and remain in the Hands of the Lord or Lady of the Manor, or other Perfon, or Deputy Vice Admiral who would have received the Cuftody of the Goods fo fold, to abide and be fubjeft and liable to the Claims of all Perfons in like manner as the Goods themfelves would be fubjeft and liable if remaining unfold : Provided always, that all Perfons required to tranfmit Reports to the Deputy Vice Admiral, of the finding of any Goods, fhall, in cafe of any fuch Sale as laft aforefaid, likewife tranfmit to fuch Deputy Vice Admiral, an Account of fuch Sale and of the Proceeds thereof 5 and the faid Deputy Vice Admiral fhall forward fuch Reports to the Secretary of the Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strond, within the like Periods, and under and fubjeft to the like Penalties and Forfeitures for any Negleft therein, as in cafes of any Goods found and required to b5? reported under the Provifions of the faid recited'Aft and this Aft.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful fbr the Deputy Vice Admiral of the Part of the Coaft where any Ship or Vetfel fhall be ftranded or wrecked, or where any Wreck of the Sea

or



335

AJ). 1813.	530	GEO.	III.	C.	87.

or Goods (hall be call on Shore, and for his Agent, and alfo for the Owner or Mafter of any fuch Ship or Veffel, and for the Owners of any fuch Goods, or of any Part thereof, and for any Officer of the Cuftoms or Excife, and other Officer, and for all Perfons whatsoever employed or a&ing in aid of or in the affifting of any fuch Deputy Vice Admiral, Officer, Mailer or Owner as aforefaid, in thfe faring or recovering any fuch Ship or Veffel, or the Cargo, Stores, Tackle or other Articles belonging to the fame, or the pre-ferving the Lives of the Crew or Perfons belonging thereto, or of any Wreck as aforefaid, to pafs and repafs with their Korfes, Carts, Carriages or Servants over any Lands near to the Part of the Sea Coafl where fuch Veflel (hall be fo wrecked or ftranded, or on which fuch Wreck (hall be caft, without Interruption or Obftru&ion by the Owner or Occupier thereof, for the Purpofe of rendering Afliftance in faring, recovering and preferring any fuch Ship or Veflel, or Goods or Stores, or any Cables, Anchors, Spars, Malls, Cordage or other Tackle or Articles belonging to any Ship or Veflel, or for faring or otherwife affifting in preferring the Lives of the Crew, or of any Perfons on board of any fuch Ship or Veflel, or for the taking pofleffion of, and fecuring, for the Benefit of the Owners thereof, of any Wreck or Goods, or other Things caft on Shore, or found on Shore, or found near thereto, provided there (hall be no Road by which the Parties may pads and repafs with as much Convenience and Expedition as over fuch Lands, and alfo to place any Planks, Timber, or any Part of the Wreck, or any Goods or Stores removed or fared from any fuch Ship or Veffel, or any other Wreck or Goods afore-laid, upon any fuch Land for a reafonable time, until they cau be removed to fome Warehoufe or fafe Place of Depofit, making Compensation to the Occupier of fuch Lands for any Damage done by the means aforefaid, which Compenfation (hall be a Charge upon the Wreck or Goods in refped whereof the Damage may be done, in like manner as Salvage; and in cafe the Parties cannot agree as to the Amount thereof then the fame (hall be afcertained and fettled by Two Juftices of the Peace, or of a Third Perfon to be named by them, in fuch manner, and within fuch times as the amount of Salvage is direded to be afcertained and fettled by the faid recited Ad in the Forty ninth Year of His faid Majefty's Reign.

V.	And be it further enaded, That if any Owner or Occupier of any Land or Premifes, over which any Perfon is authorized by this Ad to pafs and repafs, for any of the Purpofes in this Ad before mentioned, (hall interrupt, impede or hinder any fuch Perfon from paffing over his Land or Premifes with Horfes, Carts, Carriages and Servants, for the Purpofes in this Ad before mentioned, or any or either of them, by locking his Gates, or refuting upon Requeft to open the fame, or otherwife, or (hall obftrud or hinder the placing any Wreck, Goods, Stores or other Articles upon his Land, or (hafi prevent their remaining there for a reafonable time until the fame can be removed to fome Warehoufe or fafe Place of public Depofit, fuch Occupier (hall forfeit and pay to any Perfon who will fue for the (ante the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Adion of Debt.

* VI. And whereas Queftions have afiien as to the Jurifdidions of * the Courts of Record at Wejlminjler% and of the High Court of ‘ Admiralty, iu cafes of Salvage of Ships and Goods performed

* between

where VefTels* are wre ked for Prefervation of Wreck, Sc c.

Refufing Perfons fo employed to pats over Land.

Penalty.



C»8^) 88*

Queftiont of Sal-wage within Ju-rifdi&bn of High Court of Admiralty or Coutts at Weft-minfter.

In cafa of Damage done by Foreign Veflel in Harbour, &c Veflel may be arrefted until the Owners. &c. (hall undertake to appear Defendant m Adion.

Penalties bow recovered, See.

^oG.i. c. io»

§35-

53*GEO. III.	AJ). 1813.

•	between High and Low Water Mark ;* Be it therefore enaded. That any Queftion in relation to Salvage of any Ship or Veflel, or of any Goods, which fltall be performed between High and Low Water Mark, (hall, from and after the paffing of this Ad, be and be deemed to be within the Jurifdidion or Cognizance of the High Court of Admiralty or of His Majefty's Courts of Record at lVefi-nunfier; any thing in any Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwithftandmg.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That in every cafe in which any Damage (hall be done by any Foreign Ship or Veflel to any Brltijb Ship or Veflel, Barge, Boat or other Craft, or any Buoy or Beacon in any Harbour, Port, River or Creek, and it (hall appear on a fummary Application made to any Judge of any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wefiminfier, or to the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty refpedively, that fuch Damage or Lofs has probably been fuftained or arifen by the Mifcondud or Negligence of the Matter or Mariners of fuch Foreign Ship or Veffel, then and in fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for fuch Judge to caufe fuch Foreign Ship or Veflel, being in any Harbour, Port, River or Creek, to be arrereed and detained until the Matter or Owner or Confignee, or fome Agent of the Owner, Matter or Confignee of fuch Ship or Veflel, (hall undertake to appear and be Defendant in any Adion which may be brought for fuch Lofs or Damage, and give fuch fufficient Security, by Bail or otherwife, for all Colts and Damages if recovered, as (hall be direded and ordered by fuch Judge, if it mall, upon the Trial of fuch Adion or Suit, appear that fuch Lofs or Damage fhall have arifen from fuch Negligence or Mifcondud as aforefaid ; and in fuch Adion or Suit the Perfon giving Security (hall be made Defendant, and fhall be dated to be the Owner of the Foreign Ship or Veffel doing fuch Damage ; and it fhall not be neceffary in any fuch Adion or Suit to give any other Evidence of the Liability of fuch Perfon to fuch Adion or Suit, than the Prodndion of the Order of the Judge, made in relation to fuch Security as aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it furtner enaded, That all Penalties and Forfeitures above the Sum of Twenty Pounds, or which by the fafld Ads or any or either of them, or by this Ad, are made to be recoverable by Adion or Suit, (hall and may be fued for and recovered in any of His Majetty’s Courts of Record at Wcftminjler.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Ad to fubftitute a Declaration in lieu of an Oath in the

Verification of the Books of Perfons dealing in certain Ex-

cifeable Articles.	[ad	July	1813.]

4 TX7HEREAS by an Ad made in the Tenth Year of the Reign 4 VV of His late Majefty King George the Firft, among other

•	things, for repealing certain Duties therein mentioned, payable upon

•	Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate and Cocoa Pafte imported, 4 and for granting certain Inland Duties in lieu thereof, it is enaded, 4 that, for the better ascertaining the Quantities of all Coffee, Tea, 4 Cocoa Nuts and Chocolate, which (hall from time to time be fold, 4 all Sellers and Dealers therein or in any of them, and all Makers 4 of Chocolate, and all Coffee-houfe Keepers and Chocolate-houfe 4 Keepere who (hall fell or confume the fame in fmall Quantities under

\



$3°<«©.ni* *

m

AJ&1813.

C.t©

the Wright of Six Pounds, (hall keep aa Account of all fuck* Coffee, Tea* Chocolate and Cocoa Nats which they or aay of then* refpe&ively (hall fell or confome in fmall Quantities in each Day, and (hall every Night enter in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe an Account of the Grofs Quantities of the faid feveral Commodities which have been by him, her or them refpe&ively fa retailed or confumed in that Day in fmall Quantities under the faid Weight of Six Pounds, and (hall alfo keep One other Book wherein they (hall refpe&ively enter each Parcel of Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts or Chocolate above the Weight of Six Pounds, which they (hall refpe&ively fell in each Day, and that the faid Books (hall be prepared and delivered in manner in the faid A& in that Behalf mentioned and prefcribed; and when the faid Books in their Cuftody (hall be filled up, the fame (hall from time to time be returned to the refpe&ive Officer or Officers in that behalf mentioned in the faid A&, upon Oath (or in cafe of a Quaker, upon the foleran Affirmation of fuch Sellers or Dealers as aforefaid), or his, her or their Servant or Servants who kept the fame and made the Entries therein, of the Truth of fuch Entries according to the bed of his, her or their Knowledge and Belief, and that On® or more new Book and Books (hall thereupon be delivered to fuck refpe&ive Sellers or Dealers in the Room of fuch Book or Books fo returned, and fo toties quoties as often as fuch Book or Books (hall be filled up with fuch Entries: And whereas by another A&, made in the Twenty fixth Year of His piefent Majefty’s Reign, a6 intituled An A8 for repealing certain Duties now payable on Wince imported, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof to be collected under the Management of the CommiJJioners of Excife, it is ena&ed, that all Dealers in and Sellers of Foreign Wine (hall from time to time keep an Account of all Foreign Wine which they or any of them relpe&ivek (hall fell, fend out or confume in each Day, in (mall Quantitierhnder Three Gallons, expreffing the Number of Gallons or Bottles fo fent out or confumed, and (hall every Day enter into a Book to be kept for that Purpofe an Account of the gr6fs Quantities of the faid Foreign Wine which have been by him, Her or them refpe&ively fo fold, fent out or confumed in the pre-ceding Day, in lmall Quantities under Three Gallons, and that Inch Dealers in or Sellers of Foreign Wine (hall alfo keep One other Book wherein they (hall refpe&ively enter each Parcel of Foreign Wine, of the Quantity of Three Gallons or more, which they (hall refpe&ively fell or fend out in each Day, expreffing the Number of Gallons or Bottles fo fold or fent out, and that the faid laft mentioned Book, (hall be prepared and delivered in manner in the faid laft mentioned A& in that Behalf mentioned and pre-feribed; and that it is by the faid laft mentioned>A& provided that when the faid Books in the Cuftody of fuch Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, (hall be filled up, the fame (hall from time to time be feverally returned to the refpe&ive Officers in that Behalf mentioned in the faid laft mentioned A&, and the Truth of the Entries made therein verified upon the Oath of fuch Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants who kept the fame and made the Entries therein, according to the bed of his, her or their Knowledge and Belief, and that One or more new Book or Books (hall thereupon be delivered to fuch refoe&ive 53 Gto.JTZ.	Z	*	Dealers





C.J,

33»

ass.

53‘GEO.in.	A.D.1813.

X)G.y c.6S.

§ 104-

I toy

Dealers in or Sellers of Foreign Wine in the room of fuch Book or Books fo returned, and fb totirs quotes as often as fuch Book or Books (hall be filled up with fuch Entries: And whereas by another A& made, in the Twenty ninth Fear of His prefent Majedy’s Reign, intituled An A3 for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuffs and for granting nefu Duties in lieu thereof» it is enacted, that all and every Manufacturer and Manufacturers of and Dealer and Dealers in Tobacco (hall from time to time keep an Account of all Tobacco and Tobacco Stalks which he, (he or they refpeCtively (hall from time to time fell, fend out or confume according to the Denominations thereof, thereinafter fpecified, and (hall every Day enter into a Book or on a Paper to be kept for that Purpofe, an Accbunt of the Quantities of the unmanufactured Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Short-cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, Carrot Tobacco, Spanifh and Returns of Tobacco, which (hall have been by him, her or them fold, fent out or conformed in the preceding Day in Quantities of Four Pounds Weight or upwards 5 and that all and every Dealer and Dealers in Tobacco (hall alfo every Day enter into another Book or on another Paper to be kept for that Purpofe by him, her or them, an Account of the Quantities of Short-cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, Carrot Tobacco, Spanifh and Returns of Tobacco, under the Weight of Four Pounds which (hall have been by him, her or them fold, fent out or confumed in the preceding Day, in Quantities under Four Pounds Weight 5 and that all and every Manufacturer and Manufacturers of and Dealer and Dealers in Snuff (hall alfo fmm time to time keep an Account of all Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour and Snuff, which he, (he or they refpeCtively (hall from time to time fell, fend out or confume according to the Denominations thereof thereinafter mentioned, and (hall every Dypnter into a Book or on a Paper to be kept by him, her or them,^m Account of the Quantities of the unmanufactured Tobacco, Tobacco Stalk, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work for Rappee Snuff, Snuff Work for Scotch Snuff, Snuff Work for Brown Scotch Snuff, Britifh Rappee Snuff, Scotch Snuff, Brown Scotch Snuff, Tobacco Sulk Flour and Foreign Snuff, which (hall have been by him, her or them fold, fent out or confumed in the preceding Day in Quantities of Two Pounds Weight or upwards ; and that all and every Dealer and Dealers in Snuff (hall alfo every Day enter into another Book or on another Paper to be kept for that Purpofe by him, her or them, an Account of the Quantities of Britijh Rappee Snuff, Scotch Snuff, Brown Scotch Snuff and Foreign Snuff, which (hall I we been by him, her or them fold, fent out or confumed in the preceding Day in Quantities under Two Pounds Weight; and that the faid Books or Papers refpeCtively (hall be prepared and delivered in manner in the faid lad mentioned Aft in that Behalf mentioned and prefcribed; and it is by the faid lad mentioned ACt provided, that the faid Books or Papers (hall be feverally returned in manner tn the faid lad mentioned ACt directed and prefcribed, and that the c Truth of the Entries made therein (hall then be verified upon the Oath of fuch Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, or his, her or their Servant or Servants who kept the fame and made the Entries therein, according to the bed of bis, her or their •	5	«	Know*

 (^.ooQle

C. 89.

33V)

A*D.i8i)«

53° GEO. in.

4 Knowledge und Belief, and that when and fo footr as airy fubb Book

*	or Books, Paper or Papers ihall be filled op, or footser if the proper

*	Officer of Excife in that Behalf ffoali demand the fame, fuch Book

*	or Books or Paper or Papers rrfpe&ively (hall be returned to the 4 proper Officer of Excife in that Behalr for the time being, and 4 that the Truth of the Entries made therein (hall theo be verified 4 upon the Oath in manner aforefaid, and that One or more new Book 4 or Books or Paper or Papers (hall be delivered to fuch refpedsve 4 Manufacturers and Dealers, upon any fuch Book or Books or Paper 4 or Papers being fo filled up or returned in the room of fuch Book 4 or Books or Paper or Papers fo filled up or returned, and fo 4 toties quoties as often as fuch Book or Books or Paper or Papers 4 (hall be fo filled up or returned: And whereas it is expedient to 4 fubftitute the Declarations hereinafter prescribed in lieu and inilead 4 of the faid Oaths refpeCtivelyBe it therefore enaCted by the King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from Verificatioi <m and after the Fifth Dav of July One thoufand eight hundred and aSimi*" thirteen, no fuch Verification on Oath as is hereinbefore mentioned required, hut a /hall be made or required ; and when any or either of the Books or DtcUntion to Papers hereinbefore mentioned (hall be returned to the Officer or be made in lieu. Officers in the faid recited ACts in that Behalf refpeCtively mentioned,

the Truth of the Entries made in every fuch Book or Paper fo returned ffiall be verified upon the Declaration in Writing of and fubferibed by the Seller of or Dealer or Dealers in Coffee, Tea,

Cocoa Nuts or Chocolate, or Dealer or Dealers in or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, or Manufacturer or Manufa&urers of or Dealer or Dealers in Tobacco, or Manufacturer or Manufacturers of or Dealer or Dealers in Snuff, as the cafe may require, with his, her or their proper Name in the Prefence of fuch Officer or Officers; and Penalty, if any fuch Dealer or Dealers in Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts or Chocolate, or Dealer or Dealers in or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, or Manufacturer or Manufacturers of or Dealer or Dealers in Tobacco, or Manufacturer or Manufacturers of or Dealer or Dealers in Snuff,

(hall negleCt or refufe to verify upon his, her or their Declaration in Writing the Truth of any fuch Entry or Entries as aforefaid made iu any fuch Book, or on any fuch Paper, or to fubferibe any fuch his, her or their Declaration in manner aforefaid, or (hall make or fubferibe any falfe or untrue Declaration in Writing as or for any Declaration in Writing preferibed or required by this ACt, the Dealer or Dealers in Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nut6 or Chocolate, or Dealer or Dealers in or 8eller or Sellers, of Foreign Wine, or Manufacturer or Manufacturers of or Dealer or Dealers in Tobacco, or Manufacturer or Manufacturers of or Dealer or Dealers in Snuff, as the cafe may require, fo offending, fhall, for each and every fuch Penalty. Offence, Severally forfait and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

4 II. And whereas no Sellers of or Dealers in Coffee, Tea, Cocoa 4 Nuts or Chocolate, nor any Dealers in or Sellers of Foreign Wine,

*	nor any Manufacturers of or Dealers in Tobacco or Snuff, are by 4 Law bound to enter on the Demand of the proper Officer or 4 Officers of Excife under whofe Surrey fuch Sellers, Dealers or 4 Manufacturers refpeCtively (hall from time to time be, the faid ‘ Quantities of the faid feveral Commodities hereinbefore in that

Z 2

4 Behalf





Certain Dealers to make Entries m Books on being required by Eicife Office-

TotuAty,

Penalties how recovered, &c.

M oiler, gw t-f Great Seal to carry Writs to Sheriffi of I.oii-J don and Middlesex ; and all Other Writs to Polltnafter General, who (hall forward fame.

C. SS, 89.	53" GEO. HI. AJ3.t9t%.

*	Behalf refpedivdy mentioned in fuels their refpeAive Books, and k

*	if therefore expedient to make fuch Provifion at it hereinafter men*

*	tioned 1* Be it therefore enaCted, That all and every Seller or Sellers of and Dealer or Dealers in Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts or Chocolate, all and every Dealer or Dealers in and Seller or Sellers of

. Foreign Wine, and all and every Manufadurer or Manufadurere of and Dealer or Dealers in Tobacco or Snuff refpedively, as the •cafe may require, (hall, on the Demand of any Officer or Officers of Excife under whofe Survey he, (he or they (hall then be, enter into the faid Books oron fuch Papers refpedively the Quantities of the (aid feveral Commodities which fuch Seller or Sellers, or Dealer or Dealers, or Manufacturer or Manufacturers refpedively is or are by the faid recited Ads refpedively required to enter at the refpefctive times in the faid recited Ads refpedively mentioned, in the Book or Books or Paper or Papers in that Behalf refpedively mentioned in the ibid recited A6ts, and (hall alfo immediately afterwards, if demanded by fuch Officer or Officers, return every fuch Book or Paper to the Officer or Officers in the faid recited Ads in that Behalf refpedively mentioned; and the Truth of the Entries made in every fuch Book or Paper fo returned (hall then be verified upon fuch Declaration as aforefaid, under the Penalty of One hundred rounds for every Negled or Refufal to enter the Quantity or Quantities of any of the laid Commodities which any fuch Seller or Sellers, or Dealer or Dealers, or Manufacturer or Manufacturers is or are fo required to enter or to return any fuch Book or Books or Paper or Papers in manner lift aforefaid.

111.	And be it further enaCted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures impofed by this Ad (hall he fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by fuch ways, means or methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture can or may he fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by ACtion of Debt, Bill, rlaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weftnunfier, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland refpedively; and that One Moiety pf every fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture (hall be to His Majefty, his Heks and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him or them who (hah in form, difeover or fue for the fame.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An ACl for the more regular Conveyance of Writs for the . EleCliou of Members to ferve in Parliament. [2d July 1813.]

f'OR the more expeditious and regular Conveyance of Writs for the Eledion of Members to ferve in Parliament, he it enaded by the King’s Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament nflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That when any new Parliament (hall at any time hereafter be fummoned or called, as alfo in all cafes of Vacancy during this prefent or any future Parliament, the Meflenger or Puriuivant of the Great Seal, or hia Deputy, (hall, after the Receipt thereof, forthwith carry fuch of the faid Writs as (hall be direded to the Sheriffs of London, or Sheriff of Middlcfc*, to the rcfpeCtive Officers of fuch Sheriffs or Sheriff; and all fuch other Writs to the General Poft Office in London, and there deliver the fame to the Poft mailer or Poftmafterf

General





J

841

General for the time being, or to ftieb other Ferfaa-o# Percent as the hid Poftmafter or Poftmafters General (hall depute to receive the fame (and which Deputation they are hereby refpc&ively required to make}, who on Receipt thereof (hall give an Acknowledgment it Writing of fuch Receipt to the (aid Meflenger or his Deputy, from whom toe fame (hall be received, ezprefiog therein the time of fach Delivery, and (hall keep a Duplicate of fuch Acknowledgment, figned by the Parties reipe&ively to whom and by whom the farm (hall be fo delivered ; and the (aid Poftmafter or Poftntafters General, or fuch their Deputy or Deputies, (hall difpatch all fuch Writs, free from the Charges of Poftage (which they are hereby authorized to do), by the Firft Poft or Mail after the Receipt thereof, uader Covers, refpe&ively dire&ed to the proper Officer or Officers to whom the laid Writs (hall be refpe&ively directed, and to uo other Perfon whomfoever, accompanied with proper Dire&ions to the Poft* matter, or Deputy Poftmafter of the Town or Place, or neareft to the Town or Place where fuch Officer or Officers (hall hold his or their Office, requiring fuch Poftmafter or Deputy Poftmafter forthwith to carry fuch Writs refpe&ively to fuch Office, and to deliver the Came there to fuch Officer or Officers to whom the fame (hall be refpe&ively dire&ed, or to his or their Deputy or Deputies, who are hereby refpe&ively required to give to fuch Poftmafter or Deputy Poftmafter a Memorandum in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, acknowledging the Receipt of every fuch Writ, and dettiog forth the Day and Hour the Came was delivered by fuch Poftmafter or Deputy Poftmafter, which Memorandum (hall alfo be figned by fuch Poftmafter or Deputy Poftmafter, who are hereby required tq tranfmit the Came by the Firft or Second Poft afterwards, to the fai<|

Poftmafter or Poftmafters General, or their refpe&ive Deputies at the (aid General Poft Office in Londony who are hereby required to make an Entry thereof in a proper Rook for that Purpofe, and to file and keep fuch Memorandum along with the Duplicate of the fi|id Acknowledgment, figned by the Caid Meflenger as aforefiud* to thq Intent that the fame may be inlpe&ed or produced upon all proper Occafions, by any Perfon interefted in fuch Ele&iont*

II.	And, that the faid Poftmafters General may be duly informed Sheriff, lc» to where fuch Officers to whom fuch Writs (ball be refpe&ively directed, give Notice to hold their refpe&ive Offices for the Purpofes aforeiaid, be it further Poftmeller* Ot-cna&ed by the Authority aforefeid. That the Chancellor of the ,,^0f»5?5fcag County Palatine of Laucqftcr> the Lord Bilhop of Durham, or his J^i ^eI/ temporal Chancellor of the County Palatine of Durham, the offices. Chamberlain of the County Palatine of Chtfltry the Warden of the Claque Ports, the Sheriffs and Stewarts of the feveral Cities,

Counties and Stewartries, and all other Perfons to whom fuch y Writs for the Ele&ion of Members to ferve in Parliament, ought to be and are ufually dire&ed, or their refpe&ive Lieutenants or Deputies, (hall, within One Month after the patting of this A&, fcrerally fend up to the faid Poftmafters General an Account of the City, Town or Place where they (hall hold their refpe&ive Offices for the Purpofe aforefaid, fpecifying in fuch Account fuch Particulars as (hall be neceflary to ascertain the particular Situation of fuch refpe&ive Offices, and fo from time to time, with all convenient Speed, as often at the Places for holding fuch Offices (hall be changed : and alfo an Account of fuch General Poft Town or Place as

Z i	(hall



Wh»re Sheriffs hold Office in or near Capital, fuch Notice Tent to Meffenger of Great Seal.

Certain Profits retained doting Life of prefent Meffcnger.

5*ol. annually paid Meffenger for Life, in lieu of certain Fees;

Netle&ing to deliver Wril,

Mifdemeanor.

Offences in Scow land how puuilhed*

(hall be neareft 11 foch Offices tefpeftivdy, In .cafe fuch refpe&ive Offices (hail not be in any General Poft Town or Place ; and the (aid Pofbnaftert General (hall make or caufe to be made a Lift of fnch Places, and caufe the fame to be hung up aod kept in fome public Place in the General Poft Office aforefaid.

IIT. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That in all cafes where any fnch Sheriff or other Pcrfon to whom fuch Writs ought to be direfted, (hail hold his Office witbin the Cities of London or IVeJl-minder*, or the Borough ot Southwark, or within Five Miles thereof, fucli Sheriff or Officer (hall fend fuch Account as aforefaid of the Place where he (hall hold fuch Office, to the Meffenger of the Great Seal, inftead of the faid Poftmafter Gcueral; and the faid Meffenger or his Deputy (hall carry all fuch Writs to fuch Office, in like manner as is hereinbefore direfted in the cafe of the Sheriffs of London and Middlefcx.

4 IV. And whereas certain Profits now arife to the Meffenger of * the Great Seal, from Allowances made to him under the Head 4 of Mileage, for the Conveyance of fuch Writs, which Allowances 4 are paid him from the Hanaper OfficeBe it further enafted. That fuch Allowances (hall not be t^ken away or any ways affefted by this Aft, during the Life of the prefent Meffenger of the Great Seal; but (hall after his Deceafe utterly ceafe and determine ; Caving and excepting an Allowance of Two Guineas on each Writ for the Eleftion of a Member to ferve in Parliament on any Vacancy, and of the Sum of Fifty Pounds on the calling of a new Parliament; which Allowances (hall be paid to every Meffenger of the Great Seal to be hereafter appointed, from the Hanaper Office, in like manner as ihe prefent Allowances for Mileage are now paid.

• V. And whereas the Meffenger of the Great Seal and his Deputy 4 have from time to time received certain other Fees for the Con* 4 veyance and upon the Delivery of Writs for the Eleftion of 4 Members to ferve in Parliament;’ Be it enafted, That all fuch Fees (hall utterly ceafe and determine from the palling of this Aft j and that neither the faid Meffenger, nor his Deputy, nor any other Perfon, (hall receive or take any Fee, Reward or Gratuity what-foever, for the Conveyance or Delivery of any fuch Writ; and that the Lords Commiflioners of His Majcfty’s Treafury (hall direft the annual Sum of Five hundred and twenty Pounds to be paid out of the Confolidated Fund to the prefent Meffenger of the Great Seal during the Continuance of his Life, in Coropenfation for all fuch Fees.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That every Perfon concerned in the Tranfmitting or Delivery of any fuch Writ as aforefaid, who (hall wilfully negleft or delay to deliver or tranfmit any fuch Writ, or accept any Fee, or do any other Matter or Thing in Violation of thia Aft, (hall be guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and may, upon any Conviftion upon any Indiftment or Information in His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench, be fined and imprifoned at the Difcretion of the Court for fuch Mifdemeanor.

VII.	And be it enafted, That every Perfon who (hall commit in Scotland any Offence againft this Aft, which is hereby declared to be a Mifdemeanor, (hall oe liable to be punifhed by a Fine or Jm-prifonment, as the Judge or Judges before whom fuch Offender (hall be tried and convifted may direft.

CAP.





AD. 1113.	53'	GEO.HL	C.	90.	143

CAP. XC.

An Aft torerire and continue, until the Twenty lifth Day 6(

March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, and amend fo much of an Aft, made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His prefent Majefty, as grants certain Allowance* to Adjutants and Seijeant Majors of the Militia of England, difembodied under an Aft of the fame SefEon of Parliament.

[ad July 1813.]

*	YTTHEREAS it is expedient that an Aft, patted in the Thirty 39 & 40 G.j.

*	W ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His prrfent c.44.

*	Majefty, intituled An Ail for granting, until the Twenty fifth Day of 4 March One thoufand eight hundred and one, certain Allowances La 4 Adjutants, Serjeant Majors and Serjeants of Militia, difembodied 4 under an Ad of this SeJJion of Parliament, intituled An Ad for 4 enabling His Majejly to accept the Services of an additional Number 4 of Volunteers from the Militia under certain Rejlridions, which has 4 been revived and continued by feveral fubfequent Afts until the 4 Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and 4 thirteen, fhould be again revived and further continued, fo far as 4 the fame relates to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors j’ Be it there-fore enafted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majelly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament aflemblcd, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Aft and the Allowances Revived and con-therein granted and mentioned to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors, and dmirdtillM-rcb all the Provifions relating thereto, (hall be revived from the faid

Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen# Juuu,u» u *nd be further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, fo far as the fame relate to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors ; and that all fuch and the like Allowances as would have been payable and paid unto any Adjutants and Serjeant Majors, if the faid Aft and Allowances had been continued by any Aft of Parliament before the faid Twenty fifth Day of Marco One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, (hall be payable and paid, and all Arrears thereof fully fatisfied, in like manner in every refpeft as if this Aft had paflTed before the faid Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.

II. And be it further enafted, That every reduced Adjutant Reduced Adju. entitled to any Allowance under this Aft may receive and take fuch tints eroded to Allowance, together with the pay of any fuch Committion, or Half P*y well •* Pay, or any fuch other Allowance or Emolument, as is allowed to he Allowance held or received by any Adjutant of any Militia ip that Part of U4M*er *** Great Britain called England, together with any Pay or Allowance to which he may be entitled as Tuch Adjutant: Provided always, that no fuch reduced Adjutant (hall be entitled to receive any Allowance under this Aft during the time he (hall hold any Place of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majefty, other th^u fuch at *fqrefaid.

CAP.



S44

^eia^L



I*

CAP. XCI.

An A ft for making Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while diferabodied.

[2d July 1813.]

s TTfHEREAS it is expedient to make fome Addition to the * VV Pay of certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia Forces in 4 Great Britain, while difembodied, under certain Regulations:4 May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded, by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Autho-Anmwl Allow- rity of the fame, That, from and after the paffing of this Ad, •ncesbefides the following annual Allowances, over and above the Pay to which null ExerciS*- ^hey are now by Law entitled, during the time of annual Exercife, made to Lieute- fhall be made and paid to the Amount, under the Reflxidions, and nants. Surgeons in the manner hereinafter exprefled, to every Subaltern Officer now 'and EoGgns. bearing a Commiflion and ferving in the Militia of Great Britain, who (nail continue faithfully to ferve in the fame Corps, or who previoufly to the Expiratiou of Three Months from the paffing of this Ad (hall be duly appointed to a Commiflion, and (hall continue faithfully to ferve in the embodied Militia, and in the fame Corps until the difembodying thereof; that is to fay, to a Lieutenant or a Surgeon Twenty iive Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six pence, being at the Rate of One Shilling and Five pence per Diem for Three hundred and (ixty fix Days ; and to an Enfign Twenty one Pounds Seven Shillings, being at the Rate of One Shilling and Two pence per Diem Tor Three hundred and fixty fix Days : Provided always, that all fuch Officers of the Militia as are now ferving with the Rank of Captain Lieutenant (hall be deemed to be Lieutenants for the Purpoles of this Ad.

Exceptions.	II. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That no Perfon who

is or (hall during the Continuance of this Ad become pofTe/Ted of fuch an Eftate or Income as would by Law qualify him to hold the Commilfion of Captain of a Company in the Militia, or who is or (hall be appointed Adjutant or Battalion Clerk in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, nor any Perfon deriving » any way whatfoever, otherwife than as a Subaltern Officer or Surgeon of the Militia, any Income, Stipend or Allowance whatever from the Public, nor any Officer on Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Army or Marines who (hall alfo hold a Subaltern’s or Surgeon’s Commiflion, and have ferved as aforefaid in the Militia, (hall have or be in any wife intitled to the faid annual Allowances, or any Part or Share tnereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

Malms tod HI. And be it further enaded, That the Subaltern Officers and tarpons ta take Surgeons of the Militia, who (hall claim under the Authority of this Ad to receive any Part of the faid annual Allowances, /hail previous to receiving the fame, and in order to entitle themfelvet thereto, take and fubferibe an Oath before fome One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, to which the Regiment, Battaliortp Corps or Independent

Company

 v^ooQie

A.lXiSig.

53° GEO. ni.

C.

34f

Oah.

Company in which thev fern (haQ belong, in the Words or to the Elect following $ videlicet,

4 T A.B. do fwear, That I belonged to the 4 *	of	Militia when the fame was difembodica,

4 and that I have continued to ferve therein from that time until the 9	Day	of	inclufive,	as a [Captain

0 Lieutenant, Lieutenant, Enfign, or Surgeon, as the cafe may he1,

4 and that I was not, in my own Right or in Right of my Wife,

9 during the faid Period, in the a&ual Poffeffion and Enjoyment or 9 Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements or Heredia 4 taments of fuch an annual Value above Reprifes, as would qualify 4 me to hold a Commiffion of Captain of a Company in the 4 Militia; that I have not, during the above Period, held the 4 Appointment of Adjutant or Battalion Clerk in any Regiment,

9 Battalion or Corps of Militia; that I did not hold or enjoy, nor 4 did or has any Perfon for me hold or enjoy, or held or enjoyed,

4 during the faid Period, any Office or Income whatfoever from 4 the Public, except my Pay as

0	for	the	Period of the Corps having afiembled

* to be trained and exercifed; and that I was not entitled during 4 the faid Period either to the Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Army 4 or Marines.	So	help me GOD/

Which Oath, fo taken and fubferibed, Shall be by the faid Juftice	t0	tranf

forthwith certified and t ran knitted, and he is hereby required to cer- mit ottht to tify and tranfintt the fame to the Receiver General of the Land Tax Receiver Gmt-of the County, Riding or Place to which the Regiment, Battalion, wl of Land Tax Corps or Independent Company of Militia in which fuch Subaltern *°*Count/* Officer or Surgeon (hall be then fenring, (hall belong, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland\ if in Scotland, to be by him filed and preferred for the Purpofes hereinafter mentioned.

IV. And be it further ena&ed. That every Subaltern Officer SuWlurm and and Surgeon of the Militia who (hall be entitled, or claim to be Surgeon, to «t-entitled to the Benefits of this A&, (hall regularly attend the annual tend *nnu*i Exercife and Training of the Regiment, Battalion, Corps or In- ****&* dependent Company to which he belongs, during the Whole of the time by Law appointed for that Purpofe, and (hall during the faid time punctually do and perform bis Duty as a Subaltern Officer or Surgeon of fuch Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, on Pam *of forfeiting the faid annual Allowance, as well as the Reft of his Pay, and every Part thereof which may be due	m

for the current Year, in which he (hall neglect or refufe to attend ; and Certificates of his having fo attended and performed his Duty, Certificate, of figoed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, Attendance Corps or Independent Company to which he may belong, (hall be jraufmiu.d by tzummitted by the faid Commanding Officer to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, to which the fiudjRegi- te0Bnt ^ sent. Battalion, Corps or Independent Company of Militia, Audi ceiver General belong, and alfo to the Receiver General of luch County, Riding of County, or Place, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland, ******* ^" if in Scotland: Provided always, that in cafe any fuch Subaltern ^^ntSgbL Officer or Surgeon claiming to be entitled to fuch annual Allowance, ferte<| inCsrti* (hall by hit Commanding Officer be permitted or fuffered, for any ficate.

(Special Caufe or unavoidable Neccffity, to be abfeat durin^the

 i^-ooQle

34^	C.epi.	j3°GEO.IH.	A.D.	i3i$.

Militia not caned out to annual Eiercife, Subalterns and Surgeons dill entitled to Allowance.

Allowances paid without Dt-tfu&ocu.

Whole or any -Part of fuoh annual Exereife (in which cafe it fhall be lawful for fuch Commanding Officer to grant fuch Leave of Ab-fence, and for fuch Subaltern Officer or Surgeon who maybe fo permitted to be abfent, to demand and receive the faid annual Allowance, and every Part thereof in like manner as if he had attended during the Whole of the faid annual Exercife), the Reafone for fuch Abfence, as well as the Duration thereof, fhall be carefolly and truly fpecified in Certificates (in lieu of thofe before mentioned)* to be iigned by the Commanding Officer, and to be tranfmitted as foon as conveniently may be to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, to which the Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, wherein fuch Subaltern or Surgeon fhall be ferving, fhall belong, and alfo to the Receiver General of the fame County, Riding or Place, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland, if in Scotland.

V.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That in cafe any Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company of Militia, after the difembodying thereof, and before the refpe&ive Days hereinafter fixed for the Half-yearly Payment of the faid annual Allowances, fhall not be called out For the annual Exercife and Training thereof, every Subaltern Officer and Surgeon belonging to any fuch Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, and coming within the Defcriptions of this A&, who fhall have taken and fub-feribed the Oath hereinbefore mentioned, before any fuch Juftice of the Peace as aforefaid, fhall be entitled to the faid annual Allowance, as if fuch Subaltern Officer or Surgeon had regularly attended the annual Exercife and Training of fuch Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, during the Whole of the time by Law appointed for that Purpofe, and as if a Certificate of fuch Attendance, figned by the Commanding Officer of the faid Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, had been tranfmitted to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place to which fuch Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company fhall belong, and aHb to the Receiver General of the fame County, Riding or Place, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland^ if in Scotland, according to the Directions of this A&; anything contained in this A& to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That upon fuch Certificates as aforefaid of fuch Jultice of the Peace and Commanding Officer as aforefaid, or (where any Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company of Militia (hall not have been called out to their animal Exercife as aforefaid) upon a Certificate of any fuch Juftice of the Peace only being produced to or received by the refpeCtive Receivers General, it, fhall and may be lawful for fuch Receivers General, and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to the faid Subaltern Officers and Surgeons, according to their refpedtive Commiffion# of Lieutenant, Enfign or Surgeon, in Addition to their Pay, fbr the time of Training and Exercife, One Moiety of the annual Allowance above mentioned on the Twenty fourth Day of September* next, and the other Moiety of the fame on the Twenty fourth Day of Afartb One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, without any Deduction whati'oever, out of any Public Monies in their Hands, and to charge the fame in their refpe&ive annual Accounts of Money difborfed for the Ufe of the Public; the Qerti$cat^s before mentioned to be



Ml

A-IXiSij.	53°GBO.IIL	C.pu

by tbcfc* preferred ind pnedacW among the Vouchers for the Pay-omits from, time to time made by them in purfuance of this A&.

VII. And be k further enafted, That the Subaltern Officers and Subaltemi sod Surgeons of the Milkia, entitled or claiming to be entitled to the Surgcoo* not at# Benefits of this Ad, (hall at all times be liable to ferve in the refpe&ive Regiments, Battalions, Corps or Independent Companies 9 UI>0U* to which they belong, whenever the fame (hall be embodied, and called out upon adual Service; and in cafe of Negled or Refufal to attend when called upon, or in cafe any fuch Subaltern Officer or Surgeon (hall at any time wilfully negled or refufe to attend, and perform his Duty at the annual Exercife as before dire&ed, and at fuch other times, or for fuch other Occafions, as may be required of him in purfuance of the Laws now in force refpedtiug the Militia when difembodied.each and every fuch Subaltern Officer and Surgeon (hall, upon fuch Negled or Refufal being certified to the Lord Lieutenant by the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment,

Battalioo, Corps or Independent Company to which fuch Subaltern or Surgeon (hall belong, forfeit hie Claim to the fuid annual Allow- Penalty, apce, and every Part thereof, and (hall alfo be confidercd as having vefigoed and vacated his Commiffion,to all Intents and Purpofes what-fbever.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That the faid feveral annual Allowances (hall be paid to the Perfone refpedively entitled thereto, by the Receivers General of the Land Tax in England, and the Receiver General for Scotland refpedively, upon the Produdion of the before mentioned feveral Certificates, on or as foon after the Twenty fourth Day of September next, and the Twenty fourth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen refpedively, as may be convenient and practicable; Provided always, that nothing in this A & contained (hall extend, or be conit rued to extend, to entitle any Subaltern Officer or Surgeon as aforefaid to the faid annual Allowance, or any Pait thereof, during the time the Militia to which he belong* (hall be embodied or ordered out on a dual Service : Provided aUb, that this Ad, and the Benefits and Allowances therein- contained, (hall not extend or be conftrued to extend to more than Teii Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more than Ten Companies ; to more than Nine Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more than Eight and left than Eleven Companies ; to more than Eight Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more than Six and lefs than Nine Companies; or to more than Five Lieutenants in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, confiding of Six or of a lefs Number of Companies, except where the Companies confiit of Ninety Privatd Men each or upwards, in which cafe this Ad, and the Benefits and Allowances 'therein contained, may be extended to Eighteen Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more than Ten Companies ; to ttxtoen Lieutenant* in any Regiment confiding of more than Eight and lefs than Eleven Companies; to Fourteen Lieutenants in an^ Regiment confiding of more than Six and lefs than Nine Companies; and to Nine Lieutenants in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, con# filing of Six or of a lefs Number of Companies.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the Militia, at the time of difembodying thereof, there (hall be a greater Number of Lieutenants coining within the Defcription of this A& than can be entitled to claim the Benefits

thereof.

Allowance* paid by Receiver General on Production of Certificates ;

not paid while Militia embodied.

Allowances to extend only to a certain Number.

Senior Lieut*, nants to hare Preference, and J un>or to fucceed on Vacancies.



34$

thereof, within the true Intent and Meaning of the foremgProvifo, the Senior Lieutenants of fuch Number (hall always be preferred, and (hall be alone entitled to demand and receive the above mentioned Allowances; and that the Junior Lieutenants (hall (ucoecd to fuch Allowances in Rotation* .as Vacancies may happen among the faid Senior Lieutenants from time to time.

C< untunes of X. And be it farther enaded, That this Ad (hall continue is

Act*	force	until	the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufnnd eight

hundred and fourteen, and no longer.

I5 G. 1. (I.)

C.5. §0.

19 G- a. 00

e.16. $1.

CAP. XCII.

An Aft for the Removal of Doubts refpe&ing the Powers of Archbifhops and Bifhops in Ireland, as to demifing the Menfal Lands, not being Demefne Lands, to their refpe&ive Sees belonging.	[2d July 1813.]

WHEREAS by an Ad made by the Parliament of Ireland in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King 4 George the Second, intituled An A3 to enable ArcUnJhofs and Bifhofs 4 to demife Part of their Demefne Land,t and to change the Sate of thiehr 4 Manfion Houfee ; and alfo by an A d made by the faid Parliament * in the Nineteenth Year of the faid Reign, entitled An A3 for 4 amending the Loros in relation to Demefne Lands belonging to 4 Anhbiihopst and in relation to the Building of Nero ParUh Churches ; 4 Proviiion was made for the Appointment of ComouffioBera to be 4 empowered to view the Demefne or Menial Lands belonging to any 4 Archbifhop or Bifhop of the laid Kingdom of frelandt to caw ‘ Surveys to be taken and Maps to be made thereof refpedivdv, and 4 in fuch Maps to diftingruifh and fet apart fuch Part of fuch Lands 4 in any Diocefe for which fuch Commiffioners Ihould be appointed, 4 as to them (hould appear fit and fulficient (not lefs than Two 4 hundred and fifty Acres Plantation Meafure),as and for a Demefne 4 for the Archbilhop or Bifhop of fuch Diocefe and his SucceSoca, * and to certify the fame in the manner and to the Perfons by the 4 faid Ad dire&ed: And whereas Power was given by the laid 4 Ad to the Lord Lieuteuanl or other Chief Governor or Governors 4 of Ireland for the time being, in the cafe of an Archbifhop and in 1 the cafe of a Bifhop to the Archbifhop of the Province wherein the 4 Diocefe of fuch Bifhop was (ituate 49 manner therein prefcribed, 4 and after Return being fo made by Commifiioners as aforcfaid 4 to fet out and fettle a proper Demefne for fuch Archbifhop or 4 Bifhop refpedively, not containing lefs than Two hundred and fifty 4 Acres Plantation Meafure, which Lands fo fet out as Demefne nr 4 Menial Lands fhould always from thenceforth be efteemed and 4 taken to be the Demefne or Menfal Lands belonging to the find 4 Archbilhop or Bifhop and his SucceiTors refpedively s And k wan 4 by the laid Ad further enaded, That it Ihould and might be lawful 4 to and for any Archbifhop or Bifhop, and for the Succeffors of any 4 fuch Archbifhop or Bifhop, for whom a Demefne was ia (neb 4 manner fet apart, to demile the remaining Part of the Demelhe 4 or Menfal Lands to fuch Archbilhop or Bifhop belonging, for fuch 9 Term and Terms as ia thereinafter mentioned $ that ia to fay, all 4 fuch Lands as do lie within any Town Corporate, or Market 4 Town, or within Half a Mile thereof, for any Term not exceeding

** Forty

 LjOOQle

A.D*i8i?t	53‘GKO.IIL	fjf

•	Forty Years in Pdflefifon, and all the Reft and Refidue of fitch 4 Lanas for fuch Term of Years as by the Laws then in being be

•	was empowered to demHe other Lands to fuch Archbifttop or

•	Bifhop belonging; provided always, that the full yearly Value of 4 the Lands fo to be derailed at the dree of leafing or demifing the

•	fame without any Fine, (hould be always referred to tbe Arch*

4 bifiiop or Bifhop demifing the (ame, and his Succeffors, upon 4 every fuch Demife s And whereas by another Aft, made by the

•	Parliament of Inland in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of Hk 35 G. 3. (f.)

‘ prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft to explain and amend an Aft paffed c* 2*m

4 la tbe Tenth and Eleventh Yeart of tbe Reign of King Charles tbe 4 Firif, intituled An Aft for Prefervation of tbe Inheritance, Rightr 4 and Profits of Lands belonging to tbe Church and Perfons Ecclefi-4 a/Hcal* it is enaftcd, That it (hould and might be lawful to and § t>

4 for Archbifoops, Biihops, Deans, Deans and Chapters, et cetera* et 4 cetera, from time to time to accept of a Surrender or Surrenders 4 of any Leafe or Leafes of any Lands or Hereditaments, and ‘ thereupon to demife fuch Lands or other Hereditaments belonging 4 to their refpeftive Sees* Churches, et cetera (the Dwelling Hoafes 4 ufed for any their refpeftive Habitations and Demefne Lands 4 thereunto belonging, and therewith ufed and occupied as the 4 Demefnes of their faid Houfes, only excepted), unto the Perfon 4 or Perfons in fuch manner and Form as by the tnerein recited Aft 4 of the Tenth and Eleventh of King Charles the Firft, or by any

•	other Aft then in force, they were enabled to do ; provided, that j ^

•	the yearly Rent or Profits which (hould be referved upon every

•	fuch Leale thereafter to be made (hould not be lcfs than the yearly 9 Rent or Profits paid and payable thereout for the laft Twenty 4 Years preceding the making of fuch Leafe: And whereas Com*

4 million 3 have iffued, and Demefnes have been fet apart, purfuant to

4 the Provifions of the faid firft recited Aft of the Fifteenth Year q#

•	of His late Majefty’s Reign in fome Diocefes of the faid Kingdom c. 5.

4 of Ireland\ and Leafes for Terms not exceeding Twenty one Years

4 have at various times been made of the remaining Menial Lands in 4 fuch Diocefes refpeftively, which Leafes or feveral of them are now 4 fubfifting, and Doubts have been entertained, notwithftanding the

•	Provifions of the faid recited Aft of the Thirty fifth Year 0? the 35 0.3.(I.)

•	Reign of His prefent Majefty, whether if Surrenders were made c. 33.

4 and accepted ot the faid Leafes fo granted as aforefaid of the faid

4 Lands as aforefaid, and if new Leafes were granted thereof, fuch 4 Leafes would be confidered valid and efieftual in the Law, which

•	Doubts are prejudicial to the Interefts both of the Archbilhops and 4 Bifhop 3 to whom fuch Lands fo demifed do refpeftively belong, and 4 alfo of the Tenants to whom they arefo demifed, and it is expedient

•	that the faid Doubts (hould be removed, and that Power (hoold 4 unequivocally be given to the faid ArchbHhops and Brfhops to 4 accept of Surrenders of Leafes fo made, and to demife again the 4 faid Lands as by the faid recited Aft of the Thirty fifth Year of 4 His prefent Majefty’s Reign is providedBe it therefore enafted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual add Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aiTembled, and by the Authority of the fame.

That, from and immediately after the pafling of this Aft, it (hall and Power of gnu*-I*ay be lawful to and for any Archbilhop or Bifhop in Ireland having lag Leak*.

belonging

 CjOOQle

jo G. 3. c.xj.

Additional Duty

on Spirit* dif-tilled from Corn 6d. per Galloo.

belonging to him Menfal Lands fo feparated from a fbfficient and a&ual Denjefne (not lefs than Two hundred and fifty Acres), as by the faid recited A ft of the Fifteenth Year of His late Majefty's Reign is provided, and for His Succeffors from time to time, to accept of a Surrender or Surrenders of each and every or any of the Leales heretofore made and now outftanding, or which (hall hereafter be made of all or any Part of the faid Menfal Lands (fo belonging to him, and over and above the Demefne fo fet out for him and his Succeffors as by the faid recited Ads of the Fifteenth and Nineteenth Years of His late Majefty’s Reign is directed and appointed), with their and every of their Appurtenances, and thereupon to demiTe and leafe the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, unto any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, for any Term not exceeding Twenty one Years from the time of making fuch Leafe or Leafcs, provided that there be referred upon every fuch Leafe, hereafter to be made, a yearly Rent not lefs than the yearly Rent paid and payable thereout for the laft Twenty Years preceding the making of fuch Leafe; any thing in the faid recited Ads of the Fifteenth and Nineteenth Year* of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XCIII.

An Aft for granting to His Majefty a Sum of Money to be raifed by Lotteries.	[2d	July 1813.]

[6c,oco Tickets.']

CAP. XCIV.

An Aft to grant an additional Duty of Excife on Spirits made or diftilled from Com or Grain in Ireland. [6th July 1813.]

4 Moft Gracious Sovereign,

4 TTTE, Your Maiefty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subjefts, the 4 W Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and 4 Ireland, in Parliament aflembled, towards railing the neceflary 4 Supplies, have freely and voluntarily refolvcd to give and grant * unto Your Majefty the Duties hereinafter mentioned,9 and do moft humbly befeecb Your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enaftea by the King’s Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefeut Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That within and through that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland there (hall be granted, raifed, levied, colle&ed, paid and fatisiied, to and for the Ufe of His Majefty, his Heirs nod Succeffors, the feveral Duties hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay, For and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vita, Strong Waters or Spirits, which at any time after the palling of this Aft (hall be made or diftilled in Ireland from Com or Grain, malted or unmalted, or for which any Diftiller (ball be chargeable by Law, an additional Duty of Six pence Briit/b Currency, over and above all other Dutien payable thereon, under and by virtue of any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force in Ireland on or immediately before the palling of this A&* and after the fame Rate for any.greater or lefs Quantity; and

which





35*

A-D„i$i3*	J3# GEO. in.	C.94.

which Dud additional Doty (hall be paid by the firft Maker of DiftiSer of fuch Spirit#,

II.	And be it further enacted, That there (hall alfo be granted, Spirits taken out railed, levied, collected, paid and fatisfied to and for the Ufe of His of Warehouse Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflbrs, for and upon every Gallon of	to°w

jiqma Pltcj Strong Waters or Spirits, made or diddled from Corn or additionalDuty/ Grain malted or unmalted in Ireland, and which having been ware-boufed in any of His MajeRy’s Warehoufcs or Stores in Ireland purfuaot tof Law, (hall, at any time after the pafling of this Ad, be taken out for Home Ccnfumption in Ireland, the Sum of Six pence Britijb Currency, and after the fame Rate for any greater or lefs Quantity over and above all Duties of Excife on fuch Spirits payable thereon, under or by virtue of any A A or Ads in force in Ireland 00 or immediately before the pafling of this Ad.

4 III. And whereas it is expedient, purfuant to the Provifions of 39 &40G. 3.

* the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, that in c*^7«

9 refpeCt to the additional Duties by this Ad impofed on Spirits *° 9* 3* (L)

4 made in Ireland, additional Countervailing Duties (hould be 4 charged upon the like Spirits made in Great Britain, and re-4 fpedively imported from thence into Ireland, fufficient to coun-4 tervail the faid Duties on Spirits made in Ireland under this Ad ;*

Be it therefore enaded, That there (hall be granted, raifed, levied, Countervailing coMeded, paid and fatisfied to and for the Ule of His Majefty, his Duty.

Heirs and Succeflbrs, on all fuch Spirits the Countervailing Duties following, over and above all Countervailing Duties whatever payable upon fuch Spirits, under or by virtue of any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland at the time of fuch Importation: that is to fay.

For and upon every Gallon of Spirits made or diflilled in Great Britain from Corn or Graio, malted or unmaked, and which (hall be imported from thence into Ireland at any time after the pafling of this Ad, the Sum of Six pence Britijb Currency, and after the lame Rate for any greater or lets Quantity : And that for and upon every Gallon of Spirits made or diflilled in Ireland, from Com malted or oomalted, and on which the Duty by this Ad granted and made payable thereon (hall have been fully paid and fatisfied, and which Audi be exported from Ireland to Great Britain, there (hall be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the Counter* vising Duty impofed by this Ad upon Spirits made or diflilled in Great Britain from Com or Grain malted or unmalted, and imported from thence into Ireland•

IV.	And be it further enaded, That every Perfon who (hall export Drawback

to any other Place than Great Britain Spirits diflilled in Ireland from OH Esportarion. Com or Grain, malted or unmalted, on which the additional Duty iapofed by this Ad: (hall have been fully paid and fatisfied, (hall be entitled to and (ball receive for every Gallon of fuch Spirits a Drawback equal to the Duty by this Ad impofed on fuch Spirits made or diflilled in Ireland / provided that all fuch Spirits (hall be of a Strength not lefs than that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof 5 aod which faid Drawback (hall be over and above all Drawbacks payable under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland on or immediately before the pafling of this Ad, in refped of fuch Spirits exported from Ireland to foreign Parts.

V.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Duty of Six pence Duty chafed fer Gallon on Spirits made or diflilled in Ireland from Corn malted aF««tW7t#

or



or unmalted, impofed by this Aft, (ball be charged ofi every Diftiller

in refpeft of the Quantity of Spirits which (hall be made or diflilled by fuch Diftiller, or for which any Diftiller (hall be chargeable by Law, to be computed, ascertained and charged in fuch manner and under fuch Regulations, Di reft ions and Provifioos as are contained 46 G.3. c.SS, in an Aft made in the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty** Reign, intituled An A3 to provide for the regulating and /tearing the Colledion of the Duties on Spirits diflilled in Ireland, and the former Afts.	Warehoufing	of fuch Spirits for Exportation ; or in any Aft or Afts

for amending the faid Aft, or in any other Aft or Afts for granting, regulating or fecuring Duties on Spirits diftiUed in Ireland from Coni or Grain; and that all and every the Claufes, Rules, Regulations, Reflriftions, Provifions, Penalties, Forfeitures and Modes of Re* covering thereof provided, mentioned and contained in the faid recited Aft of the Forty fixth Year aforefaid, as the fame are amended by any other Aft or Afts, or in any other Aft or Afts for granting, regulating or fecuring the Duties on Spirits diflilled in Ireland from Corn or Grain, (hall be applied and put in Praftice in making Charges of Duty and other Charges on fuch Diiiiller in refpeft of the laid Duty on Spirits under this Aft, and with refpeft to the warehoufing of any Spirits charged with Duty under this Aft, as fully and effeftually to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as if all the laid Claufes, Rules, Regulations, Reflriftions, Provifions, Penalties and Forfeitures had been exprefsly repeated and enafted in this Aft. Manner of	VI.	And	be	it further enafted, That whenever at any time after

Returnf the paffing of this Aft, any Officer of Excife in Charge of any PiftilleraT* °° Diftiilery fhall make any Return or Charge upon any Diiiiller of any Quantity of Spirits aftually made and diflilled by fuch Diftiller in any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, from Corn or Grain, malted or unmalted, or from Sugar, over and above the Quantities with which fuch Diiiiller (half be chargeable in refpeft of each and every Still belonging to fuch Diftiller, according to the Content thereof, and according to the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for each mch Still, fuch Diftiller (hall be charged with, and (ball pay Duty for evci7 Gallon of fuch Excefs of Spirits at and after the Rate of One Half only of the Duty paid by fuch Diftiller on eveiy Gallon of all fuch Spirits for which fuch Diftiller (hall have been chargeable, according to the Content of the Still and the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines at aforefaid; any thing in any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding; and fuch Officer (hall render a Return of the Amount of Duty on fuch Excefs of Spirits, and Audi charge the Diftiller with fuch Duty after fuch Rate, and fuch Duty (hall be paid in all refpefts in fuch manner, at fuch time, and under fuch Regulations, as is direfted with refpeft to the Duty now payable by Law on fuch Spirits, under or by virtue of any Aft or Afts i% force immediately before the paffing of this Aft.

CAP.

V



A.D.i8i3*

S3’ GEO. HI.

353

C -95-

CAP. xcv.

An Aft to provide for the Charge of the Addition to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen. , [6th July 1813.*]

*	TT^HEREAS by an Ad patted in the prefent Sefiion of Par- 533* «-35»

*	V\ liament, intituled An Ad to alter and amendfeveral Ads 1 paffed in His prefent MajeJIy's Reign, relating to the Redemption of

*	the National Debt ; and for making further Provifions in refped § 1.

*	thereof it wa9 enatted and declared, That, for the rurpofes of the

*	faid Ad, an Amount of Public Debt equal to the whole Capital of

*	the Public Debt, in perpetual redeemable Annuities, exifting on

*	the Fifth Day of January One thoufand feven hundred and eighty

*	fix, fhould be deemed to be fatisfied and difeharged ; and fo much of the Capital Stock fo purchafed and transferred, as therein men-

1 tioned, and (landing in the Names of the Commiflioners for the Re-dudion of the National Debt, in the Books of the Governor and c Company of the Bank of England, as Parliament, by any Ad or

*	Ads of the prefent Sefiion, fhould or might dired, fhould be can-

*	celled in like manner as if the fame had been transferred to the faid

*	Commifiioners for the Redemption of Land Tax, purfuant to the

*	Provifions of the feveral Ads thereunto relating, in order to make

*	Provifion for the Charge of any Addition to be made to the Public

*	Funded Debt of Great Britain, by way of Loan, or in any other 4 manner for the Service of the prefent Year; and it was thereby

* further enaded, That whenever the Amount of the Sum to be	§ $•

4 raifed by way of Loan, or in any other manner, which might create

*	an Addition to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, in the

*	prefeut or any future Year, fhould exceed the Sum which on the

*	Firft Day of February lhould have been or fhould be ellimated to 4 be applicable in the lame Year to the Redudion of the National

*	Debt, then atrikin every fuch cafe an annual Sum, amounting to 4 the One hundredth Part of the Capital Stock created by fo much 4 only of the Monies raifed by way of Loan, or in any other manner

*	as aforefaid, in the Year, as fhould be equal to the Sum fo efiimated

*	to be applicable to the Redudion of the National Debt within the € fame Year, fhould be iffued at the Receipt of the Exchequer to the 4 Account of the faid Commifiioners, in the manner direded by the

*	faid therein recited Ad of the Thirty fecond Year of His prefent.

€ Majefty; and with refped to the Excefs of the Monies which 4 might be fo raifed in any Year, by way of Loan, or in any other

*	manner as aforefaid, above the efiimated Sum applicable to the Re-

*	dudion of the National Debt within the fame Year, fuch an annual 4 Sum as fhould be equal to One-half of the Interefl of fuch Excefs,

*	fhould be fet apart out of the Monies compofing the Confolidated 4 Fund, and fhould in like manner be iflued at the Receipt of the Ex-

*	chequer to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to 4 be by them placed to the Account of the faid Commiflioners : And

*	whereas the Sum which on the Firft Day of February One thoufand 4 eight hundred and thirteen, was efiimated to be applicable in the

*	prefent Year to the Redudion of the National Debt, amounted

*	to Thirteen millions and thirteen thoufand nine hundred and four-4 teen Pounds : And whereas fubfequently to the palling of the faid

53 Geo. III.	A	a	*	Ad*





53° GEO. Ill,

A.D.1R13.

* Aft, the Sum of Twelve Millions in Exchequer Bills has, in pur-53 G. 3. c.41.	*	fuance	of	an	Aft	of	the	prefent	Seflion	of Parliament, intituled An

4 Adfor granting Annuities to fatisfy certain Exchequer Bills, and for 4 raifing a Sum of Money by Debentures, for the Service of Great

*	Britain, been fubferibed into the Capital Stock of Annuities, ‘ bearing Intereft after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per 4 Annum, by which an Addition has been made to the Capital of the

*	Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, equal to the Sum of Thirteen

*	millions eight hundred and fixty thoufand Pounds ; and in purfuance

53 G. 3. c.53.	*	of	another	Aft	of the prefent Seflion of Parliament, intituled An

4 Ad for raifing a further Sum of Money by Debentures, for the Ser-

*	vice of Great Britain, and for granting Annuities t6 fatisfy certain 1 Exchequer Bills, and for amending an Ad of this Sejfon of Portia* 4 ment, for granting Annuities to fatisfy certain Exchequer Bills ; and 4 for raifing a Sum of Money by Debentures, the Sum of Three millions ‘ feven hundred fifty five thoufand feven hundred Pounds, in Ex-

* chequer Bills, has been fubferibed into the Capital Stock of An-€ nuities, bearing an Intereft after the Rate of Four Pounds per 4 Centum per Annum ; by which a further Addition has been made

*	to the Capital of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, equal 4 to the Sum of Five millions two hundred and twenty thoufand

Si G.3.	*	another	Aft	of	the	prefent	Seflion	of	Parliament,	intituled	An	Ad

4 for raifing the Sum of Twenty feven millions by way of Annuities, the 4 Sum of Twenty one millions for the Service of Great Britain 4 has been fubferibed into the Capital Stock of Confolidated and

*	Reduced Annuities, bearing an Intereft after the Rate of Three € Pounds per Centum per Annum, and into Annuities for the Term

*	of Forty fix Years and Nine Months from the Fifth Day of 4 April One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, by which a 4 further Addition has been made to the Capital of the Public 4 Funded Debt of Great Britain, in Three per Centum Reduced 4 Annuities, of Twenty three millions one hundred'ffloufand Pounds,

*	and in Three per Centum Confolidated Annuities, of Twelve 4 millions fix hundred thoufand Pounds, and an Addition to the 4 Annuities for Terms of Years of Eighty nine thoufand two

*	hundred and fifty Pounds : And whereas the Charge in refpeft of

*	the faid Sum ot Thirteen millions eight hundred and fixty thou-

*	fand Pounds, Five Pounds per Centum Annuities, and in refpeft of 4 One million four hundred and nine thoufand three hundred and 4 Forty Pounds Nine Shillings and Two pence Halfpenny, Four 4 Pounds per Centum Annuities, Part of the faid Sum of Five 4 millions two hundred and twenty thoufand four hundred and

*	"twenty three Pounds, like Annuities, being the Addition to the 4 Public Funded Debt of Great Britain created by fo much of the 4 faid Sums in Exchequer Bills fubferibed into Five Pounds per 4 Centum and Four Pounds per Centum Annuities as aforefaid, as is 4 equal to the Sum eftimated on the faid Firft Day of February 4 to be applicable to the Rcduftion of the National Debt within

*	the prefent Year, amounts (including the One hundredth Part of 4 the Capital Stock thereby created) to the Sum of Nine hundred

*	and fix thouland fix hundred forty feven Pounds Sixteen Shillings 4 and Five pence Three Farthings : And whereas the Charge in rc-

*	ipeft of the Sam of Three millions eight hundred and eleven

4 four hundred and twenty three Pounds; and in purfuance of

< thoufand





355

A.D.1813.	53°	GEO. III.	C.93,9<Ji

*	thoufand and eighty two Pounds Ten Shillings and Nine pence

*	Halfpenny, Four Pounds per Centum Annuities, being the Amount

*	of Capital Stock created in thofe Annuities by the Excefs of the 1 Sum fubfcribed in Exchequer Bills above the Sum eftitnated to

*	he applicable to the Reduftion of the National Debt within the

*	prefent Year, amounts (including the'Addition of One-half the

*	Intereft thereof) to the Sum of Two hundred twenty nine thou-

*	land eight hundred and eight Pounds Five Shillings and Six pence:

€ And whereas the Charge in refpeft of the faid Consolidated and

*	Reduced Annuities, and Annuities for Terms of Years, as afore-r faid, amounts to the Sum of One million feven hundred and eight c thoufand fix hundred twenty eight Pounds Seven Shillings and

*	Eight pence: And whereas the total Charge arifing as aforefaid

*	amounts to Two millions eight hundred forty five thoufand and

*	eighty four Pounds Nine Shillings and Seven pence Three

*	Farthings : And it is expedient to make Provifion for the faid

*	Charge, in the manner direfted by the faid firft recited Aft Be it therefore enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Au-

• thority of the fame, That the Sum of Forty fix millions eight Certain Sums hundred and eighty four thoufand fix hundred Pounds, Three Ending in Pounds per Centum Confolidated Annuities, (landing in the Names Names of Com-of the Commifiioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt, in National Debt, the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, cancelled; * (hall, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and the' Sum of Forty feven millions eight hundred and ninety two thoufand five hundred Pounds Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, (landing in the Names of the faid Commifiioners as aforefaid, (hall, from and after the Tenth Day of Qdober One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, be cancelled from thofe Days refpeftively : And the Intereft or Dividends which would Intereft or Divi-have been payable thereon (hall from thenceforth refpetlively ceafe to dend* '*h,ch be iflued from the Receipt of the Exchequer, or to be charged upon p °Ual>je J^reon* the Confolidated Fund ; and the Money which would have been ap- to ceafe, and * plicable to the Payment thereof (hall remain and be a Part of the Money appli-growing Produce of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain, for ca^'e 10 the Purpofe of defraying the Charge occafioned by the Addition made thereof or to be made to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain in the foi™ted°Fund.** prefent Year.

CAP. XCVI.

An Aft for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia and Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen. [6th July 1813.] < X Y7 HERE AS it itf neceffary that Provifion (hould be made for

*	W defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Re-‘ gular Militia (when difembodied) and Local Militia in Great 1 Britain, for One Year from the Twenty fifth Day of December

*	One thoufand eight hundred and twelve Be it therefore enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

A a 2	That

 LjOOQle

35*5

Secretary at War to iflue S' tn neceffary for Pay o‘ Re-p lar and Local IV Hitia, and for Clothing accord-;toRateshere-iu mentioned.

$0G.3. c.a5.

Rate* of Pay to Serjeants, Corporals and 1 rummer*, when absent ouFur-j$h.

C. 9$.	530	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

That in every County, Riding or Place in England, and in every County, Stewartry, City or Place in Scotland, where the Regular Militia or Local Militia is or fhall be raifed, the Secretary at War for the time being is hereby authorized and empowered, and required to caufe to be iflued and paid the whole Sum required for the Regular Militia (when difembodied) and Local Militia refpec-tively, in the manner and for the feveral Ufes hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay, for the Pay of the faid Regular Militia or Local Militia at the Rate of Eight Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed ; and at the Rate of Five Shillings a Day for each Quarter Mafter, where the Eftablifhment of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he is appointed (hall exceed Three hundred and fixty Private Men ; and at the Rate of Three Shillings a Day to fuch Quarter Mafter, where the Eltablifhment (hall not exceed that Number; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Six pence a Day for each Serjeant refident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, with the Addition of Two Shillings and S'ix pence a Week for each Serjeant Major, where a Serjeant Major is appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Two pence a Day for each Corporal fo refident as aforefaid, and at the Rate of One Shilling a Day for each Drummer fo refident as aforefaid, with the Addition of Six pence a Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is appointed ; and alfo at the Rate of Three pence per Man for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps; and alfo for the Clothing of the Regular Militia (when difembodied) or Local Militia for fuch County, Ridine, Stewartry, City or Place, at the Rate of Four Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny for each Seijeant Major, Three Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny for each Serjeant, One Pound Nineteen Shillings and One Penny for each Corporal, Four Pounds and Ten pence for each Drum Major, Three Pounds and Ten pence for each Drummer, and One Pound Eighteen Shillings and Seven pence for each Private Man; and that fuch Seijeant Majors, Drum Majors, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, who may be retained on conilant Pay, and refident at Head Quarters, fhall be clothed Once in Two Years; and that fuch Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of Local Militia, beyond the regular Eftablifhment of the permanent Staff thereof as may be ferving on Reduced Pay, under the Provifions of an Ad paffed in the Fiftieth Year of His prefent Majcfty, intituled sin Ad to amend feveral Ads relating to the Local Militia of Great Britain, (hall be entitled to new Clothing when their prefent Clothing (hall have been adually and neceflarily worn for Two Years: Provided always, that when any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer (hall be abfent on Furlough or Licence, fuch Seijeant, Corporal or Drummer (hall, during fuch Abfence, receive Pay at the following Rates inftead of thofe above mentioned ; that is to fay, every Seijeant the Sum of One Shilling a Day, every Corporal the Sum of Eight pence per Day, and every Drummer the Sum of Six pence per Day refpedively, and no more; and it fhall be lawful for the Secretary at War to caufe any fuch Pay to be from time to time iflued in Advance, for any Period not exceeding Four Months from the time for which fuch Advances fhall be made.

II. And





A.D.i8i3*

530 GEO. in.

C.96.	,	3T7

II. And be it further ena&ed, That there fhall he granted to the Allowance to Surgeon of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Regular Militia, ^ur*con5* when difembodied, a Sura of Money in Addition to his Pay, after the Rate of One Guinea for every One hundred Men of each fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, for the Expence of neceflary Medicines for the Sick Non Commifiioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps during the Period or Periods of Aflembly for annual Exercife or Training; and to the Surgeon of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, the Sum of Five Shillings and Three pence for every Day’s Training for the fame Purpofe, as alfo to the Surgeon of Regular Militia when difembodied, and to the Surgeon of Local Militia refpc&ively, an Allowance of Six pence per Month for each of the Non Commifiioned Officers and Drummers of any fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps on conftant Pay at Head Quarters, for the Expence of neceflary Medicines and Attendance given to the Non Commifiioned Officers and Drummers on conftant Pay at Head Quarters, while fuch Regiment,

Battalion or Corps is not called out for annual Training and Exercife.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Quarter Matter or Bat- Quaker Maftef talion Clerk to each Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, or nr Battalion Local Militia, fhall have the Charge and Care of the Arms, Accoutre- e°of^rms ments, Clothing, Neoeflaries and other Stores under the Superinten- ciotWnc° fcc.Tnd dence of the Colonel or Commandant ; and Hull, out of the Money to account Three hereby dire&ed to be illued and paid for defraying the contingent times a Year Expences of fuch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from time to time for contingent iflue out and pay fuch Sums of Money as may be neceflary for the Money'

Repair of Arms, upon an Order in Writing flgned by the Colonel

or other Commandant, and after Payment of fuch Sums as fhall be

drawn upon him by the Colonel or other Commandant as aforefaid,

he fhall Three times in the Year make up Accounts of all fuch

Money, and the Expenditure thereof, and the Balance remaining in Balance to form

his Hands; which faid Balance fhall form a Stock Purfe for the Ufe Stock Pujrf«*

of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and tranfmit the fame to the

Colonel or other Commandant of fuch Regiment, Battalion or

Corps, to be by him examined, allowed and flgned ; and the faid

Accounts fo allowed and flgned, fhall be and are hereby dire&ed to

be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of fuch Quarter Mafter or

Battalion Clerk, for the Application and Difpofal of fuch Money.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Officers and Non Com- Pay to MHitia miflioned Officers and Private Men of the Regular Militia and Local (when not em-Militia, when not drawn out and embodied, fhall be entitled to the bodicd)* fame Pay and Allowance as the Regular Militia when drawn out and embodied: Provided always, that the faid Pay and Allowances fhall

only extend to fuch Period or Periods for which the faid Regular Militia or Local Militia fhall be called out for the Purpofe of annual Exercife or Training, or when called out for fupprefling Riots or Tumults, exclufive of the Days of arriving at, and Departure from, and marching to and from the Place appointed for Exercife 5 any

’ any A& or A&s of Parliament to the contrary notwith-

V. And be it further ena&ed. That all Sums of Money granted for Money for Pay, the Pay, Clothing and contingent Expences for the Regular Militia &c.iflued under (when difembodied), and Local Militia as aforefaid, fhall be iffued Direction of Se-

Aa,

and creuryitWw.





3S«

C .96.	530	GEO.	m.	A.D.1813.

and paid under the Dire&ion of the Secretary at War, who is hereby empowered to iflue fuch Regulations as he may deem it expedient to adopt from time to time in that Behalf.

53	3*	c	43*	« VI. And whereas in purfuance of an Ad paffed in the prefent

*	Seffion of Parliament, intituled An A3 for increajing the Rates of

*	Subfijlence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers^

1 certain increafed Rates are allowed for the Payment of Innholders

*	and others on whom Non Commillioned Officers and Private Soldiers

53 O.3. c. 17.	« may, by virtue of an Ad patted alfo in the prefent Sefiion of Par-

*	liament for punifhing Mutiny and Defertion ; and for the better € Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be quartered in that

*	Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called

*	England, the Dominion of Wales and the Town of Berwick upon € Tweed: And whereas the Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers,

*	Drummers and Private Men of the faid Regular Militia, if difem-

*	bodied, and the Local Militia, when called out to annual Exercife,

*	are required by Law to be quartered and billetted in Inns, Livery

*	Stables, Alehoufes, Vidualling Houfes and all Houfes of Perfons

*	felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder, Wine or Metheglin by Allowance to « Retail ;* Be it enaded, That the Innholders and others on whom Innholders. the faid Non Commiffioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of

the Regular Militia (when difembodied}, or Local Militia, (hall be fo quartered and billetted, (hall be entitled to and receive the fame Rates of Allowance for each Serjeant Major, Drum Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer and Private Man fo quartered and billetted upon them, during the time of their remaining attembled for Exercife as aforefaid, and under the fame Rules ana Regulations as fuch Innholders or others may now, by the above mentioned A d for the Relief of Innkeepers, demand and receive for the Non Commiffioned Officers, Drummers and Private Soldiers of the Regular Infantry, in the refpedive cafes of their fumilhing them with Diet and Small Beer, or fupplying them in lieu thereof with the Articles fpecified in the faid Ad for punching Mutiny and Defertion ; and the Secretary at War is hereby authorized and required to fupply the neceflary Funds to defray the Charge of the Allowances fo to be made to the faid Innholders and others : Provided always, that each of the Non Commiffioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men who (hall be fumifhed with Diet and Small Beer as aforefaid, (hall contribute towards the Expence thereof, the like Proportion of his Pay and Beer Money, as is or (hall be contributed in the like cafe by the Non Commiffioned Officers, Drummers and Soldiers of the Regular Infantry.

Perfont Half VII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That any Perfon LoL^MUitia”	on	Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allow-

auyreceive Pay. ance 38 having fervcd in any of His Majefty’s Forces, or Navy or Marines, and Terving in the Local Militia, (hall and may and he is hereby empowered to receive and take the Subfiftence Money by this Ad direded to be paid to Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Enfigns, Adjutants, Quarter Matters, Surgeons ; and the receiving and taking any fuch Subfiftence Money by any fuch Field Officer* Captain, Lieutenant, Enfign, Quarter Matter, Surgeon, (hall not be deemed receiving or taking of Pay fo as in any manner to prevent fuch Perfon on Half Pay, or being entitled to any fuch Allowance, from receiving his Halit Pay or fuch Allpwance; and fqch Perfog



 v^oogle

359

A.D.1813.	53*	GEO.Ill*	C.96.

A all take the following Oath before fome Juftice of the Peace, who it hereby empowered to adminifter the fame :

] T A, B. do fwear, that I had not between the

and the	any	Place or Employment of

€ Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majefty, befides my Allow-

*	ance of Half Pay as a Reduced	in	His	Majefty’s

Navy, [or, in the Marines,] [or, in	late	Regiment

of	,]	[or,	Allowance	as	in

*	late Troop of Horfe Guards], [or.	Regiment of

Horfe reduced,] fave and except my Subfiftence [as a Field Officer,

*	Captain, Lieutenant, Enfign, Adjutant or Quarter Mailer, Surgeon,

€ as the cafe may bc~\, for ferving in the Local Militia of the County ‘ of

And the taking the faid Oath fhall be fufficient to entitle fuch Perfon to receive his Half Pay or the faid Allowance, without taking any other Oath 5 any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithflanding.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no Non Receiving Chel-Commiffioned Officer or Private Man in the Regular Militia, or Local fea Penfiom not Militia, entitled to receive any Chclfea Penfions or Allowance, fhall t0 forfeit or lofe his Right to the fame by reafon of his ferving and receiving Pay in the Regular Militia or Local Militia.

* IX. And whereas Perfons appointed to a& as Adjutants in the

•	Regular or Local Militia may by Age or Infirmity be rendered in-

•	capable of doing the Duty thereof; and it is expedient that fome 4 Provifion fhould be made for them in Confideration of their former

•	ServiceBe it ena&ed. That if any Adjutant of Regular Militia Allowance to who fhall have ferved faithfully either in His Majeiiy’s Regular Adjutants in Forces or in the Regular or Local Militia, for the full Term of RegularMilitia, Thirty Yeare in the Whole, Fifteen of which he fhall have ferved wh.°Ifr?m

as an Adjutant of Regular or Local Militia, fhall by Age or In- are u°to^rvs. firmity be rendered unfit for further Service, he fhall, on producing to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding or Place to which fuch Regular or Local Militia fhall belong, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland, if in Scotland, a Certificate of fuch Service of Thirty Years as aforefaid, from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he fhall have belonged, be entitled to receive 5 and the Receivers General aforefaid refpe&ively fhall be and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to fuch Perfon producing fuch Certificate as aforefaid, an Allowance at the Rate of Six Shillings per Day: Provided always, that no Perfon fhall be entitled to receive fuch Allowance as aforefaid who fhall have ferved for a lefs Term than Fifteen Years as an Adjutant of Regular or Local Militia, or who fhall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majefty, except as Regimental or Battalion Clerk of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Regular or Local Militia: Provided alfo, that no fuch Allowance not Adjutant fhall lofe any Right he may have to Half Pay by reafon of	Half

receiving fuch Allowance as aforefaid, but fhall be entitled to receive fuch Half Pay as well a6 fuch Allowance.

X. And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Regiment, Allowance to Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, fhall have already ceafed	ferv,?g

tod determined, or been reduced in its EftabUfhment, or fhall ceafe as AdJutant5

A a 4	and



360

C. 96.

53

GEO. III.

A’D.1813.

Regiment*, &c. whole Ettablifh-mcnt is reduced.

Surgeons after 30 Years’ Service to receive

and determine, or be reduced in its Eftablifhment, during the Continuance of this A£t, the Sum of Three Shillings per Diem (hall be paid to fuch Perfon as has actually ferved as Adjutant to fuch Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, or from the time fuch Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, fhall ceafe and determine, or be reduced in its Eftablifhment, as the cafe may be, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen : Provided always, that no fuch reduced Adjutant fhall lofe any Right he may have to Half Pay by reafon of receiving fuch Allowance as Iafl aforefaid, but fhall be entitled to receive fuch Half Pay as well as fuch Allowance.

4 XI. And whereas Perfons appointed to a6t as Surgeons in the * Regular Militia may by Age or Infirmity be rendered incapable of 4 doing the Duty thereof, and it is expedient that fome Provifion 4 fhould be made for them in Confideration of their former Services ;* Be it ena&ed, That if any Surgeon of Regular Militia, having faithfully ferved in the Militia for the full Term of Thirty Years, fhall by f Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, he (ball, on producing to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding or Place to which fuch Regular Militia fhall belong, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland, if in Scotland, a Certificate of fuch Service of Thirty Years as aforefaid, from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he fhall have belonged, be entitled to receive; aud the Receivers General aforefaid refpectively fhall be and they are hereby authorized and required to pay fuch Perfon producing fuch Certificate as aforefaid, an Allowance at the Rate of Three Shillings a Day: Provided always, that no Perfon fhall be entitled to receive fuch Allowance as aforefaid who fhall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majcfty.

Receivers Gene- XII. And be it further ena&ed, That in every County, Riding to Money** or ^acc England where the Regular Militia, or Local Militia, is required	or	fhall be raded> the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land

Tax for fuch County, Riding or Place refpe&ively, and in every County, Stewartry, City or Place in Scotland, where the Regular Militia, or Local Militia, is or fhall be raifed, the Receiver General for Scotland fhall iffue and pay the whole Sums required for the refpe&ive Allowances to the Clerks of the General Meetings, and Clerks of the feveral Subdivifion Meetings in England, at the Rites following*; that is to fay, to the Clerk of the General Meetings, at the Rate of Five Pounds Five Shillings for each Meeting; and to the feveral Clerks of the Subdivifion Meetings, at the Rate of One Pound One Shilling for each Meeting ; and fuch further Allowance fhall be made to fuch refpcAivc General and Subdivifion Clerks for their Expences aud Trouble in amending the Returns of Perfons returned liable to ferve in the Regular Militia, or Local Militia, bj taking out the Names of all Perfons who may appeal, and whole Appeals or Claims of Exemption have been allowed, and inferting the Names of any Perfons that fhall have been omitted to be inferted; and in numbering the Returns and making out the Tickets for the Ballot, after the Rate of One Pound Fifteen Shillings for every Ooc thoufand Names of Perfons returned liable to ferve; and alfo ibr

the

lowances to Clerks of General and Subdivi-(ion Meetings j



V





A.D.t$i3*	53‘GEO.III.	0.96.	361

the adual Expences incurred by fuch refpedive Clerks, and for Printing and Stationery nfed for the Putpofe of this Ad, as to the Lord Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of the refpedive Counties,

Ridings, Cities or Places (hall appear reafonable and proper; and in cafe the Orders made by the Lord Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants for the Payment of fuch further Allowances as aforefaid fhall be confirmed at a General* Meeting confiding of not lefs than Five Deputy Lieutenants, but not otherwife.

XIII. And be it enabled, That the Receivers General in England wha ftullpro-fhall pay to the Clerk of the General Meetings his Allowance, at the Order for Rate of Five Pounds and Five Shillings for each Meeting, or fuch receTn8 p*y-further Allowance as may be made as hereinbefore direded, upon his ment* producing an Order or Orders for that Purpofe from His Majefty’s Lieutenant, or from Three Deputy Lieutenants afTembled at fome General Meeting or Meetings; and fhall alfo pay to each and every of the Clerks of the Subdivifion Meetings their feveral Allowances at the Rate of One Pound and One Shilling for each Meeting, or fuch further Allowance as may be made as hereinbefore directed, upon his or their producing an Order or Orders from One or more Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, afTembled in the feveral Subdivifion Meetings; which faid Order or Orders, fpecifying the Day or Days of Meeting, at what Place or Places, and for what Purpofe or Purpofes the faid General and Subdivifion Meeting or Meetings have been afTembled and held, together with the Clerk’s Receipt or Receipts for the Sums fo claimed, fhall be to the Receivers General in England refpedively a fufficient Difcharge for the Payment of fuch Allowances, and be allowed in their Accounts; and that the feveral Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivifion Meetings for their Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Ad in Scotland, fhall be paid and defrayed in the fame manner in which Scotland. Schoolmaftcrs, Conftables, and other Perfons employed in the Execution of an Ad patted in the Forty fecond Year of the Reign of 42 G. 3.0.91. His prefent Majefty, intituled An A8 to raife and ejlabltjb a Militia § 171.

Force in Scotland, are directed to be paid for their Trouble and Expences.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it fhall be Stamp Duty on lawful for the Agent General of Volunteers and Local Militia, and Commiffions in he is hereby required to repay any Sum of Money which may have Militia been paid tor the Stamp Duty on any Commiffion of any Officer in repaj

the Local Militia, under fuch Regulations and in fuch manner a9 the	^

Secretary at War fhall appoint.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That all Bills, Drafts and Orders Bills, Sec. drawn drawn for the Pay or Allowance of the Regular Militia (when dif- for Pay, Sec. embodied), or Local Militia, under this Ad, may or fhall be drawn "eed 0,1 upon unftamped Paper 5 and no fuch Bill, Draft or Order fhall be ampc PaPir* void by reafon of being fo drawn or written on unftamped Paper.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That no Fee or Gratuity $j0 peei. whatfoever fhall be given or paid for or upon account of any Warrant

or Sum of Money which fhall be iffued in relation to or in purfuance of this Ad.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it enaded. That all Penalties and where Penalties Cofls and Charges of Suit, and all Sums of Money for which any fued for.

Perfon or Perfons is or are by this Ad made anfwerable, may and

fhall be recovered in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weft-

ninjtcrt

 L.ooQle

3<J»

C. 96,97.

53. GEO. m.

A.D.1813.

38 G.3. c. 89* 4 xi6.

I Ml.

GUSk Makers may deliver from entered Ware-houfes Muriate ©f Potafh to be ufed in making of Alum.

minfier, or in Hie Majefty’e Court of Exchequer in Scotland* accord* ing as the cafe may require, by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no EfToin, Wager of Law or Proteftion, or more than One Imparlance fhall be allowed.

CAP. XCVII.

An Aft for allowing Glafs Makers to difpofe of Muriate of Potafh arifing in the Manufacture of Flux for Glafs, for ufe in the Manufacture of Alum, and for charging a Duty of Excife thereon.	[7th	July 1813.]

WHEREAS by a Claufe in an Aft made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty King George the Third, among other things, for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commiffioturs of Excife, Makers of Glafs m Great Britain are allowed to take Rock Salt from any Ware-houfe belonging and adjoining to any Salt Mine or Pit, for the Purpofe of making Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glafs, upon Bond or Security being given that all fuch Rock Salt fhall be really and truly employed, fpent and confumed in the making of Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glafs; and by another Claufe in the faid Aft* Glafs Makers and all other Perfona are prohibited from ufing fuch Rock Salt or any Part thereof, or any acid Materials to be produced therefrom, after being ufed in the making of fuch Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glafs, for any other Purpofe than that of making Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glafs: And whereas for the Purpofe of ufing the fame in the Manufafture of Alum it is expedient* under and fubjeft to the Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions and Pro-vifions hereinafter in that Behalf contained, provided, fettled and eilablifhed, to allow Glafs Makers to deliver from any fuch Work-houfe, Warehoufe, Storehoufe, Room or other Place entered as in the (aid Aft is mentioned by any Maker or Makers of Glafs as being intended to be made ufe of in, or for the making or keeping Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glafs, the Muriate of Potaih arifing from the Manufafture of any fuch Rock Salt by any fuch Glalf Maker into Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glafs Be it therefore tnafted, by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it fhall and may be lawful for any Maker or Makers of Glafs in Great Britain to deliver from any fuch Work-houfe, Warehoufe, Storehoufe, Room or other Place, entered by any fuch Maker or Makers of Glafs, to any Maker or Makers of Alum, any Muriate of Potafh for the Purpofe of being ufed in the Manufafture of Alum, upon Bond or Security being given by fuch Maker or Makers of Alum, in Double the Duty of fuch Muriate of Potafh, that all fuch Muriate of Potafh fhall be really and truly employed, fpent and confumed by fuch Maker or Makers of Alum in the Manufafture of Alum ; wnich Bond or Security fhall he dif-charged, upon the faid Maker or Makers of Alum, or his or their Agent or chief Workman, making Oath before the Colleftor of Excife of the Colleftion in which the Alum Works to which fuch Muriate of Potafh fhall be permitted, fhall be fituated (which Oath fuch Colleftor fc hereby authorized and empowered to admuifter),

that



A.D.1813.	53°GEO.IIL	C.	97*	363;

that all the faid Muriate of Potato, for which fuch Bond or Security toail have been given., was made ufe of in the Manufa&ure of Alum there, and for no other Purpofe whatfoever \ and the Supervifor or Officer of Excife, under whofe Survey fuch Maker or Makers of Alum toail then be, at the fame time certifying his Belief of the Truth of the Matters fworn to by fuch Maker or Makers of Alum, or his or their Agent or chief Workman.

II* Provided always, and be it further enaded. That before any Alum Maker* to Maker or Makers of Alum toail be permitted to receive, or to have	Entry of

delivered for him, her or them any fuch Muriate of Potato, fuch ^

Maker or Makers of Alum toail make true and particular Entry in 'n8 ° * Writing of every Workhoufe, Warehoufe, Storehoufe, Room and other Place, by him or them refpe&ively intended to be made ufe of in or for the keeping of Muriate of Potato, and in and for the ufing thereof in the Manufacture of Alum, at the Office of Excife within the Compafs or Limits whereof fuch Workhoufe, Warehoufe, Storehoufe, Room or other Place refpeCtively toail be fituate ; and any Maker or Makers of Alum toail receive or have delivered to or for him, her*or them any fuch Muriate of Potato, without haviug firft made fuch Entry as aforefaid, fuch Maker or Makers of Alum fo offending toail, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with all the Muriate of Potato Penalty, which toail at any time be found in any Workhoufe, Warehoufe,

Storehoufe, Room or other Place, by luch Maker or Makers of Alum, made ufe of in or for the keeping of Muriate of Potato,

\yhereof no fuch Entry as laft aforefaid toail be made.

III.	And be it further enaCted, That, from and after the Fifth DutyonMori-Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, there toail ateofPoulh. be raifed, levied, collected and paid to and for the Ufe of His Majefty,

his Heirs and Succeffors, a Duty of Excife of Twenty Shillings for every Ton Weight of Muriate of Potato delivered by any Maker or Makers of Glaftj for the Purpofe of being ufed in the Manufacture of Alum.

IV.	And be it further enaCted, That fuch of the Duties by this Duty under A£k impofed as toail arife in that Part of Great Britain called England Commiffionen toail be under the Management of the Commiifioners of Excife in of England for the time being; and fuch thereof as toail arife in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland toail be under the Management of the Commiffioners of Excife in Scotland for the time being.

V.	And be it further enaCted, That when and fo often as any Delivery of Pot* Maker or Makers of Glafs toail have Occafion to deliver any Muriate aft. Notice to of Potato from any fuch his, her or their entered Workhoufe, Ware- Officer, houfe, Storehoufe, Room or other Place, to or for any Maker or

Makers of Alum, for the Purpofe of ufing the fame in the Manufacture of Alum, fuch Maker or Makers of Glafs toail give previous Notice, in Writing, to the proper Officer of Excife under whofe Survey fuch Workhoufe, Warehoufe, Storehoufe, Room or other Place toail then be, by the Space of Two Hours, of his, her or their Intention fo to deliver fuch Muriate of Potato as aforefaid, and toail fpecify in fuch Notice the Day and the Hour of the Day, when he, toe or they intends or intend to weigh and deliver fuch Muriate of Potato, and the Quantity thereof which he, toe or they intends or intend fo to deliver, with the Chriffian and Surnames of the Maker or Makers of fiUph to or fpr whon the ii fo iatewfed to bo delivered, and

the

 L-ooQle

364

■97-

53' GEO. III.

A.D.181 j.

Officer* to keep Account of Delivery of Muriate of Potafti.

Semples taken by Officer.

Penalty.

Permits granted for the Removal of Muriate of Potafh.

the Place at tvhich H16, her or their Alum Works at which the fame is fo intended to be delivered are fituate, and by what Conveyance the faid Muriate of Potafh is intended to be removed; and thereupon fuch Officer of Excife who (hall be ordered by the proper Supervifor of Excife fo to do, and who (hall not have any other neceflary and unavoidable Employment at the time, {hall attend, weigh and take Account of all the Muriate of Potafh fo to be delivered, and (hall make a juft and true Report and Return thereof to the Commiffioriers of Excife in England or Scotland refpedtively, as the cafe may require, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they the faid refpe6tive Commiffioners, or any Three or more of them refpe&ively (hall appoint or employ to receive the fame, and fuch Report or Return (hall be a Charge upon fuch Maker or Makers of Glafs.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That no fuch Muriate of Potafh fhall be delivered out of or from any Workhoufe, Warehoufe, Store-houfe, Room or other Place belonging to or made ufe of by any Maker or Makers of Glafs, for the Purpofe or under any Pretext of being ufed in the Manufa&ure of Alum, or fhall be afterwards delivered or received at any Alum Works, or at any Workhoufe, Warehoufe, Storehoufe, Room or Place belonging to or made ufe of by any Maker or Makers of Alum, but in the Prefence of the proper Officer of Excife, who fhall make and keep an Account in Writing, containing the true aud real Weight or Quantity of the Muriate of Potafh fo delivered out or from any fuch Workhoufe, Warehoufe, Storehoufe, Room or other Place belonging to or made ufe of by fuch Maker or Makers of Glafs, and fo delivered or received at any fuch Alum Works, or Workhoufe, Warehoufe, Storehoufe, Room or other Place belonging to or made ufe of by any fuch Maker or Makers of Alum as aforelaid, together with the Day on which the fame fhall be fo delivered out, and fo delivered and received refpedtively as aforefaid; and which Account fo to be made and kept fhall alfo contain the Name of the Maker or Makers of Alum to whom the Muriate of Potafh therein mentioned was delivered, and for the Ufe of what Work or Works for the making of Alum, and to whom belonging.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall and may he lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of Excife, and all fuch Officers are hereby authorized and empowered to take, at any time or times, a Sample or Samples of anv Muriate of Potafh, or other Materials alledged or pretended to be or palling under the Denomination of Muriate of Potafh, at any time in the Cuftody or Pofleffion of any Maker or Makers of Glafs, or in the Cuftody or PofTcffion of any Maker or Makers of Alum, paying for the fame (if demanded), the Value thereof; and in cafe any Maker or Makers of Glafs, or any Maker or Makers of Alum, fhall refufe to permit any fuch Officer or Officers to take any fuch Sample or Samples as aforefaid, upon his or their paying for the fame (if demanded), fuch Maker or Makers of Glafs, or Maker or Makers of Alum, fo offending fhall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and Iofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That where any Maker or Makers of Glafs fhall have Occafion to remove any Muriate of Potafh from afty fuch Workhoufe, Warehoufe, Storehoufe, Room or other Place by him, her or them entered as being intended to be made ufe of for the making or keeping Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glafs, the

Officer



A.D.i8i3*

530 GEO. III.

C.97,

36S

Officer or Officers of Excife of the refpe&ive Divifions or Places where fuch entered Workhoufe, Warehoufe, Storehoufe, Room or other Place (hall be fituated, (hall, without Fee or Reward, from time to time, upon a Requeft Note being made and delivered by fuch Maker, or Makers of Glafs, according to the Dire&ions of this A6t> grant and give a Permit in Writing, figned by the faid refpedtive Officer or Officers, expreffing the Quantity of all fuch Muriate of Pota(h fo to be removed, and expreffing the Name and Names of the Perfon or Perfons from whom the fame is intended to be removed, and to whom the fame is to be removed, and that the Duty for or in refpe& of fuch Muriate of Potaffi fo intended to be removed has been paid; and all Officers of Excife granting or giving any fuch Permit, (hall therein limit and exprefs the time within which the faid Muriate of Potaffi in fuch Permit mentioned (hall be removed from the Workhoufe, Warehoufe, Storehoufe, Room or other Place of the Maker or Makers of Glafs taking out fuch Permit, and alfo the time within which the faid Muriate of Potaffi (hall be delivered and received into the Workhoufe, Warehoufe, Storehoufe, Room or other Place of the Maker or Makers of Alum to whom the fame is permitted to be font.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That no Permit for the Removal Note fpecifyinj of any fuch Muriate of Potaffi (hall be granted, or be valid, unlefs certain Particu-fucb Maker 01 Makers requiring the fame (hall make and fend or deliver to the Officer or Officers of Excife hereby authorized to grant grtntej, fuch Permit, a Requeft Note in Writing, fpecifying the Name of the Maker or Makers of Alum to whom fuch Muriate of Potaffi is intended to be fent, the Quantity of fuch Muriate of Potaffi intended to be removed, and for the Removal of which fuch Permit is required.

containing the fame, and whether	_	4

Land or by Water, and by what Mode of Conveyance fuch Muriate of Potaffi is intended to be fent.

X.	And be it further enadfed. That no Muriate of Potaffi (hall Muriate of Pot-be brought into any Workhoufe, Warehoufe, Storehoufe, Room afti admitted into or other Place made ufe of by any Maker or Makers of Alum,

without an authentic Permit granted and given according to the wjt'h^t Pennit. Directions of this A6t, which Permit (hall be produced to and left penalty, with the Officer of Excife under whofe Survey fuch Maker or Makers of Alum (hall then be, on Pain of forfeiting all fuch Muriate of Potaffi fo brought in without fuch Permit.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed, That all and every Maker and On Receipt of Makers of Alum (hall, within Six Hours next after any fuch Muriate Muriate of Pot-of Potaffi (hall be received or delivered at or into any Workhoufe, Notice to Warehoufe, Storehoufe, Room or other Place to him, her or them cer* belonging, give to the Officer of Excife under whofe Survey he, (he

or they (hall then be. Notice in Writing of the Receipt and Delivery thereof 5 and if any Maker or Makers of Alum (hall negledf or refufe to give any fuch Notice, fuch Maker or Makers fo offending (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and lofe the Sum of Fifty Pounds.	Penalty.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe in the Muriate of Decreafeof ilb. Potaffi brought in to be ufed, ftored or depofited, at any fuch Alum in a 100 «1-Work or Works, for the Purpofe of being ufed in the Manufacture iowcd*

of Alum, any Decreafe (hall be found exceeding the Rate of One Pound in every One Hundred Weight of fuch Muriate of Potaffi

and alfo the Number and Contents

fpecified



fpecified in the Permit which (hall accompany the fame, the Maker or Makers of Alum to whofe Ufe or to whofe Account the faid Muriate of Potaih was fo delivered at fuch Work or Works as afore-Penalty.	faid, (hall forfeit and lofe the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

Maker of Glaf* XIII. And be it further enaded, That all and every Maker and ofMuna1eCofUIU ^^er8 Glafs ffiaM refpedively Daily and every Day enter in a Potaih delivered Book, or on a Paper to be provided for that Purpofe, an exact and to Alum Works particular Account of each and every Parcel, Quantity or Load and return fame of Muriate of Potaih, and the Weight thereof fold, delivered or fent to Excite. out by fuch Maker or Makers of Glafs, with the Name of the Maker or Makers of Alum to or for whom every fuch Quantity of Muriate of Potaih was fo fold, delivered or fent out, and the Place where his, her or their Alum Works at which the fame is to be or was delivered, and fuch Book or Paper lhall be returned to the next Office of Excife every Six Weeks, and the Truth of the Entries made therein lhall be then and there verified upon the Oath of fuch Maker or Makers, or his, her or their chief Workman or Agent, before the proper Col-ledor or Supcrvifor of Excife, and the feveral and refpedivc Col-ledors and Supervifors of Excife are hereby authorized and required to adminifter fuch Oath accordingly ; and in cafe any fuch Maker or Makers of Glafs lhall negled or refufe to keep fuch Book or Paper, or to make fuch Entries therein, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, or fhall negled or refufe to return the fame as hereinbefore direded, or to verify the faid Entries or any of them upon Oath, fuch Maker or Makers of Glafs IbaD, ^ t	for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and lofe the Sum of One

PeMlty-	hundred	Pounds.

Duty cleared in XIV. And be it further enaded, That all and every fuch Maket • certain time, or Makers of Glafs fhall, within One Week after he, fhe or they fhaD have or ought to have made fuch Entry upon Oath as laft aforefaid, pay and clear off all the Duties for and in refped of Muriate of Potaih, which lhall be due from him, her or them refpedively ; and that every fuch Maker or Makers of Glafs, who lhall negled or refufe to make luch Payment as aforefaid, lhall forfeit for every fuch Offence Penalty.	Double	the	Sum of the faid Duties, whereof the Payment fhall be fo

negleded as aforefaid.

Officert may at aV. And be it further enaded, That it lhall and may be lawful to all times enter and for the Officers of Excife, or any or either of them, from time Prcnuft*'	to time and at all times, by Day and by Night, upon his or their

Requell or Demand (but if in the Night then in the Prefence of a Conflable or other lawful Officer of the Peace), to enter into all and every the Workhoufes, Warehoufcs, Storehoufcs, Rooms and other Places made ufe of by any Maker or Makers of Glafs, or by any Maker or Makers of Alum, in or for the ftoring or keeping of Muriate of Potaih, or any other Matter or Material alleaged or pretended to be or paffing under the Name or Denomination of Muriate of Potaih, and by weighing or otherwife to take an Account of the Quantity and Quality of all the Muriate of Potaih or other Matters or Materials alledged or pretended to be or paffing under the Name or Denomination of Muriate of Potaih, which (hall at any time be in the Cuftody or Poffeffion of any fuch Maker or Makers of Glafs, or of any fuch Maker or Makers of Alum, a lei and	XVI.	And be it further enaded, That all and every Maker or

Wdchts pro- Makers of Glafs, and all and every Maker and Makers of Alum,

(hall,



A.D.1813.	530	GEO.	III.	C.	97.	3	6f

(hall, and he, (he and they refpelively is and are hereby required vided, to take to provide and keep proper, fufficient and juft Scales and Weights Account at the Place or Places where he, (he or they refpe&ively (hall have riatCjg0f potaftw" or keep any Muriate of Potalh, and (hall, at his, her or their own Expence, find, provide and affix a fit and proper Hook or Staple in a proper Place, to be approved of in Writing by and under the Hands of the refpe&ive Surveyors or Supervifors of Excife of the Divifion or Diftri& in which fuch Place (hall be fituate, and alfo permit and fuffer any Officer or Officers of Excife to ufe the fame, for the Purpofe of weighing and taking an Account of the Muriate of Potato which (hall at any time be in the Cuftody or Poffefiion of any fuch Maker or Makers of Glafs, or Maker or Makers of Alum refpe&ively ; and if any fuch Maker or Makers of Glafs, or any fuch Maker or Makers of Alum, (hall negleft or refufe to provide or to keep fuch Scales and Weights, or either of them, or (hall not, at his, her or their own Expence, find, provide and affix a (it and proper Hook or Staple, in a proper and convenient Place, to be approved as aforefaid, or (hall not permit or fuffer any Officer or Officers of Excife to ufe the fame as aforefaid, or if any fuch Maker or Makers of Glafs, or any Maker or Makers of Alum, (hall, in the weighing of any Muriate of Potalh, make ufe of, or caufe or procure or fuffer to be made ufe of, any falfe, unjuft or infufficient Scales or Weights, or fhall pra&ife any Art,

Device or Contrivance by which any fuch Officer or Officers (hall or may be hindered or prevented from taking the juft and true Weight, and afcertaining the true Quantity of auy fuch Muriate of Potalh; then and in every fuch cafe fuch Maker or Makers of Glafs, or Maker or Makers of Alum (as the cafe may be), (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, Penalty, together with all fuch falfe, unjuft or infufficient Scales and Weights reipe&ively.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That all and every Maker or Mnkers to alfift Makers of Glafs, and all and every Maker or Makers of Alum, (hall, Officer*in taking when and fo often as he, (he or they (hall be thereunto required by the ^£c?Vnt of proper Officer of Excife, with a fufficient Number of his, her or their e,g l* Servants, aid and alfift to the utmoft of his, her or their Power, fuch

Officer or Officers in weighing and taking an Account of his, her or their Muriate of Potalh, on rain of forfeiting for every Negleft or Refufal thereof the Sum of One hundred Pounds.	Penalty.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons RemovingMurW (hall take, remove or carry away any Muriate of Potalh, with Intent ate to evade

to evade the Duty by this A & impofed, every Perfon fo offending Duty*

(hall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and all the Muriate of Potalh Penalty, fo taken, removed or carried away (hall be forfeited.	/

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed. That in cafe any Muriate of Concealing Potalh (hall be depofited, hid or concealed in any Place or Places whatfoever, with an Intent to defraud His Majefty of any of the

Duties by this A6t impofed, fuch Muriate of Potalh (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be leized by any Officer or Officers of Excife, and the Perfon or Perfons in whole Cuftody the fame (hall be found, (hall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds ; and, the better to enable Penalty, fuch Officer or Officers to difcover fuch Muriate of Potalh fo forfeited, if any fuch Officer or Officers (hall have Caufe to fufpe& that any fuch Muriate of Potalh (hall be fo depofited, hid or concealed in any

Place

 CjOOQle

]

3<S8

C.97.

53

GEO. III.

A.D.1813-

Place or Places whatsoever, then and in every fuch cafe, if fuch Place or Places Shall he within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excife in London, upon Oath made by fuch Officer or Officers before the Commiffioners of Excife in England for the time being, or any Two or more of them, or before One or more Jullice or Juflices of the Peace of the County, City or Liberty where fuch Place or Places Shall be, or in cafe fuch Place or Places fhall be in any other Part of Great Britain, upon Oath made by fuch Officer or Officers before One or more Juflice or Juflices of tne Peace for the County, Riding, Shire, Divifion or Place where fuch Officer or Officers fhall fufpett the fame to be depnfited, hid or concealed, fetting forth the Ground of his or their Suspicion, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, or any Two or more of them, or the Juflice or Juflices of the Peace refpedlively, as the cafe may require, before whom fuch Oath fhall be made, if they or he fhall judge it reafonable, by Special Warrant or Warrants under bis or their refpe&ive Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower fuch Officer or Officers by Day or by Night, but if in the Night-time, then in the Prefence of a Conftable or other Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every fuch Place aud Places where he or they fhall fo fufpeCl fuch Muriate of Potafh to be fo depofited, hid or concealed, and to feize and carry away all fuch Muriate of Potafh which he or they fhall then and there find fo forfeited.

Muriate of Pot- XX. And be it further enabled, That in cafe any Maker or Makers alh from Glat's Qf Alum, to whom or to whofc Ufe or on whofe Account any fuch Muriate of Potafh fhall be delivered from any Workhoufe, Warc-houfe, Storehouse, Room or other Place belonging to or made ufeef by any Maker or Makers of Glafs ; or in cafe any other Perfon or Perfons fhall make ufe of or employ fuch Muriate of Potafh, orar.y Part thereof, to or for any Ufe or Purpofe other than in the Manufacture of Alum, or fhall, after any fuch Muriate of Potafh, or any Part thereof, fhall have been ufed in the Manufacture of Alum as aforefaid, make ufe of or employ the Rejiduum, Caput mortuvm} or any Remains thereof, for any other Purpofe than in the Manufacture of Alum, the Maker or Makers of Alum, or other Perfon or Perfons fo offending, fhall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and lofc the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Queflion (ball arife, whether any Subflance, Matter or Material, Subfiances, Matters or Materials, which fhall be feized as and for Muriate of Potafh, forfeited under or by virtue of this A6t, be Muriate of Potafh, the Proof of fuch Subllance, Matter or Material, Subfiances, Matters or Materials, not being Muriate of Potafh, fhall lie upon the Owner or Claimer thereof.

XXII.	And be it further enafled, That in all cafes where any Officer or Officers of Excife is or are authorized, empowered or required to afeertain the Quantity of Muriate of Potafn by Weight, no lefs Quantity of fuch Muriate of Potafh fhall be weighed at one Draft than an Hundred Weight j and every fuch Officer or Officers, in the weighing any Muriate of Potafh, fhall give the Turn of the Scale in Favour of The Crown, and in lieu thereof fhall make an Allowance at and after the Rate of Five Pounds Weight in every Half of a Ton of fuch Muriate of Potafh.

XXIII. And

in Manufacture of Alum.

Penalty.

Proof of Muriate of Potalh to lie on OMiner.

How Muriate of Potafh weighed.

 CjOOQle

A.D.iRi3«	53°	GEO.	III.	C.97.	369

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons Obftnifting whatfoever ffiall affault, refill, oppofe, moled, obftruft or hinder ,any Oficeit. Officer or Officers of Excife in the due Execution of this Aft, or of

any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given or granted to any* fuch Officer or Officers, or ffiall by Force or Violence, after any fuch Officer or Officers ffiall have feized any Muriate of Pptaffi, or any Subftance, Matter or Material, Subftances, Matters dr Materials, as or for Muriate of Potaffi forfeited under or by virtue of this Aft, refcue or caufe to be refcued any fuch Muriate of Potaffi, or Subftance, Matter or Material, Subftance3, Matters or Materials, or ffiall attempt or endeavour fo to do, all and every fuch Perfon or Per-fons fo offending ffiall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.	Penalty.

XXIV.	Arid be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Per- Bribing Officers, fons whatfoever ffiall give or offer to give any Bribe, Recompence &c*

or Reward whatfoever to any Officer or Officers of Excife, in order to corrupt, perfuade or prevail upon any fuch Officer or Officers either to do or perform any Aft or Afts, thing or things whatfoever, contrary to the Duty of fuch Officer or Officers in the Execution	*

of this Aft, or to negleft to do or perform any Aft or Afts, thing or things whatfoever, belonging or appertaining to the Bufinefs or Duty of fuch Officer or Officers in the Execution of this Aft, or to connive at or conceal any Fraud or Frauds relating to any of the Regulations by this Aft prefcribed, or not to difcover the fame; all and every the Perfon or Perfons fo offending ffiall, for each and every fuch Offence (whether fuch Offer or Propofal be accepted or not), forfeit and lofe the Sum of Five hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That no Perfon whatfoever oiafs Maker*nr being a Glafs Maker or Alum Maker, or who is or ffiall be in any Alum Maker* wife intcretled or concerned in the Trade or Bufinefs of making or ,,ct to ait a* dealing in Glafs or Alum refpeftively ffiall, during fuch time as he, Iu lce**

(he or they ffiall be fo interefted or concerned in the Trade or Bufinefs of making or dealing in Glafs or Alum, aft as a Jullice of the Peace in any matter or thing whatfoever, which ffiall in any wife concern the Execution of the Powers or Authorities given or granted by this Aft ; and if any Perfon or Perfons ffiall, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, prefume to exercife any fuch Powers or Authorities, or to do any Aft hereby authorized to be done by any Juftice or Juft ices of the Peace, all fuch Afts fo executed or done by fuch Perfon or Perfons, ffiall be utterly null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That all Fines, Penalties and Penalties how Forfeitures impofed by this Aft, (hall be fued for, recovered, levied rtCOVC1,2d* or mitigated by fuch means, ways or methods, as any Fine, Penalty

or Forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wcjl-mirtjler, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland refpeftively ; and that one Moiety of every fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, ffiall be to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succcffors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who ffiall inform, difcover or fue for the fame.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted, That all and every the Former Afts ev Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeiture, Claufess, Matters tended to Aft and Things which in and by an Aft, made in the Twelfth Year of 11 Car,if *4

53 Geo. III.	B	b	the

 L.ooQle

the Reign of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, intituled An AS for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for fettling a Revenue upon His Majefly in lieu thereof, or by any other Law or Laws now in force relating to His Majelty's Revenue of Excife, are provided or eftablifhed for managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or afcertaining the Duties thereby impofed, or any of them, ihall be pra&ifed, ufed and put in Execution, in and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering and paying the Duties of Excife by this Ad impofed, and for preventing, deteding and puniQiing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if all and every the faid Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enaded in this prefent Ad.

Commencement XXVIII. And be it further enaded, That this A€t Ihall commence and take Effed as to all fuch matters and things herein con* tained, in refped whereof no fpecial Commencement is hereby direded or provided, from and immediately after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.

cap. xcvm.

An Ad for the more corred Afcertainment of the Value of Duty-free'Goods exported.	[7th	July	1813.]

4 TT7HEREAS it is expedient that Provilion Ihould he made for 4 VV obtaining corred Accounts of the Value of the Exports of 4 Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Produce or Manufadure 4 of the United KingdomBe it therefore enaded by the King's Molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Vroprictor t.Q de- Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, °fficer fr°ni and after the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred Sijecificat?on*of	thirteen,	on	or	before	the	Shipment of any Goods, Wares or

Quantity, Qua- Merchandize whatever, of the Growth, Produdion or Manufadure lity and Value of of the United Kingdom, not liable to Duty on Exportation from Goods afeertain- Great Britain, the Exporter or Proprietor (hall deliver or caufe to «d as diretled by delivered to the proper Officer of the Cuftoms, a feparate Bill, c,x^' containing the true and accurate Specification of the Quantity, Qua* lity and Value of all fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, afeer* tained by the Declaration of fuch Exporter or Proprietor, or bis known Agent or Fador, before the proper Officers ot the Cuftoms, in the fame manner and form, and under the like Rules and Regulations as are preferibed and direded by an Ad of the Twenty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for repealing the feveral Duties of Cvjloms and Excife, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the faid Duties, together with. the other Duties compofng the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandises* the Produce and Manufadure of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom ; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the ReduSion of the National Debt ;* with refped to Goods, Wares and Merchandizes fubjed to the Payment of Duty upon being

exported

V

 L.ooQle

A.D.i8i3*	J3°GEO. III.

exported: And it (hall and may be lawful for the Searchers, or Officers may fby other proper Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms, to detain and make Good* until De-ftay of any fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, until fuch feparate	Spccu

Bill (hall be delivered to them, containing theaforefaid Specifications. 3

II.	And be it further enaded, That if upon the Examination of Officers empow-fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize,Jit (half appear to the Searchers ere<l to demand or other proper Officers of the Cuftoms, that the fame have not been *nv,licc < r °*her truly ana accurately valued according to the Price thereof at the Document*

Port of Exportation, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Officer or

Officers, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required* to call for the Production of the Invoice and Bills of Parcels, or fuch other Documents relating to fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as they may think necefiary to afeertain the real and true Value; and the faid Exporter, Proprietor or Factor, is hereby required to produce the fame: And if it (hall appear to fuch Officer or Officers that In what cafe Et* any falfe Valuation has taken place, the Exporter Or Proprietor, or F°5tcro* I5ro-his known Agent or Fador, is hereby required to make Declaration F,etor t0 of the Value de novo before the proper Officers as aforefaid, con- Vaiu^de^iovo. formable with the true and real Value of fuch Goods : And it (hall jnwhat cafc be lawful for any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms to detain and officers may make (lay of fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize, until fuch De- permit Goods to claration de novo (hall be made: Provided always, that if at the fie exported on time of making the Entry for the Exportation of fuch Goods, Wares c5rta,n handler Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce or Manufadure of the t,onf*

United Kingdom, the Exporter or Proprietor, or his known Agent or Fador, mall not be able to afeertain the Contents, and the true and real Value thereof, it fhall be lawful for the proper Officers of the Cuftoms at the Port of Exportation, to permit fuch Exporter or Proprietor, Agent or Fador, to (hip and export fuch Goods,

Wares and Merchandize, upon his previoufly making Oath before the Collector and Comptroller of the Cuftoms (which Oath they are hereby authorized and required to adminifter), that fuch real Value and Specification of the Contents cannot then be afeertained; and that within Three Months from the Date of Entry he will caufe the feparate Bill and Declaration hereinbefore required to be delivered to the proper Officers aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enaded, That if the Exporter or Proprietor Exporter,&c.not of fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or his known Agent or Fador, delivering Do-(hall not deliver fuch feparate Bill and Declaration within the time claratioa. hereinbefore limited and direded 5 or (hall not produce the Invoice

or Sills of Parcels for fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize ; or fhall knowingly make any falfe Declaration of the Value or Contents of any fuen Goods, Wares or Merchandize, either at the time of the firft Entry thereof, or after the fame have been allowed to be (hipped for Exportation 5 every fuch Exporter, Agent or Fador, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.	Penalty.

IV.	And be it further enaded. That the faid Penalty of Twenty Penalty hovr Pounds impofed by this Ad, (hall be fued for, recovered, levied or recovered, mitigated by fuch ways, means or methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any

Law or Laws of Cuftoms, or by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminfter, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland refpedively, One Moiety Scotland.

•f fuch Penalty to be to His Majefty, his Heirs and Sueceffors, *

B b 2	and

C.98.	371



37*

J , G. 3. c.17.

Sio.

Commisding Officers *nay •fTemble Court* Martial for trying Offenders.

Court* Martial fo aflemMed, may trv and pu-nifh Offenders.

Sentences to be confirmed.

0.98,99.	53°GEO.	III.	A.D.18^3*

and the other Moiety to be paid to him or them who /hall inform, difeover or fue for the fame.

CAP. XCIX.

An Aft: for the more fpeedy and effeftual Trial and Pumfhment of Offences committed by Soldiers, detached in Places beyond the Seas, out of His Majcfty’s Dominions.

[7th July 1813.]

‘ TT 7 HERE AS by an Aft paffed in the prefent Sellion of

*	V V Parliament, intituled An A3 for punifhing Mutiny and € Defertion; and for the belter Payment of the Army and their € Quarters, it is enafted, that General Courts Martial to he held 4 in Places beyond the Seas out of His Majefty’s Dominions, may

*	confift of any Number not lefs than Seven : And whereas it is

*	expedient to amend the faid Aft, and to provide that fuch

*	General Courts Martial may conlift of a lefs Number than Seven, 4 in the cafes hereinafter fpecified Be it therefore enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent •f the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afferobled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it (hall be lawful for any General or other Officer commanding any

' Station, or commanding any Divifion, Brigade, Detachment or diftinft Party, belonging to any Army of His Majefty, which may at any time be ferving in any Place beyond the Sens out of His Ma-jefty’s Dominions, upon Complaint made to him of any Crime or Crimes, Offence or Offences, done or committed againft the Property or Perfon of any Inhabitant of or Refident in any fuch Countries, by any Non Commiftioned Officer, Soldier or other Perfon ferving with or belonging to His Majefty’s Armies in the Field, being under the immediate Command of any fuch General or other Officer, to fummon and caufe to affemble a Court Martial, which (hall confift of not lefs than Three Officers at the leaft, for the Purpofe of tiying any fuch Perfon or Perfons accufed or fufpefted of having committed any fuch Crime or Crimes, Offence or Offences as aforefaid, notwithftanding fuch General or other Officer (hall not have received from His Majefty, or from any Perfon having His Majefty’s Authority in that Behalf, any Warrant or Warrants empowering fuch General or other Officer to fummon or affemble Courts Martial.

II. And be it further enafted, That every Court Martial fo affembled under the Authority of this Aft (hall have Power to try any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo accufed or fufpefted as aforefaid, and to adjudge any fuch Perfon or Perfons to fuffer any fuch Puniffi-ment, as by any Aft for the Puniftiment of Mutiny and Defertion which may be in force at the time fuch Crime or Crimes, Offence or Offences, (hall have been committed, or by any Article or Articler of War iffued by His Majefty under the Authority of any fuch Aft, (hall be preferibed for any Crime or Crimes, Offence or Offences, with which any fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be charged before fuch Court Martial: Provided always, that no Sentence of fuch Court Martial affembled under the Authority of this Aft, (hall be executed; until the General commanding in Chief any Army, of which the Divifion, Brigade, Detachment or Party, to which any Perfon fo tried, conviftcd and adjudged to fuffer

Puaifhmeut

 CjOOQle

Punifhment (hall belong, (hall haye approved and confirmed the fame.

III. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That every Court Co irts Martial Martial affembled under the Authority of this Aft fhajl have fuch to fummon and and the fame Powers for fummoning and examining Witnefles, and examine Wit-WitnefTes guilty of Perjury on Examination before them (hall be fub- p* r^‘ry jeft and liable to the fame Penalties and Punifhments, as by any J Law or Ufage belong to any Court Martial authorized by Law ; and the Sentence of luch Court Martial afting under the Authority Sentences under of this Aft (hall, after fuch Approval ar.d Confirmation as afore- Authority of faid, be equally valid and effeftual to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame had been pronounced by any Court Martial lummoned,	*

affembled and acting under any Aft or Afts of Parliament heretofore made or now in force refpecting Courts Martial.

CAP. C.

An Aft for facilitating the making up and Audit of the Accounts of the Paymafter General of His Majefty’s Forces, for the Years One thoufand eight hundred and five, One thoufand eight hundred and fix and One thoufand eight hundred and feven; and for enabling the faid Paymafter General to accept Foreign Bills of Exchange, payable at the Bank of England.	[7th July	1813.]

4 YT7HEREAS by an Aft pafled in the Forty fifth Year o^ 4* G.3. c.jt*

4 VV His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to repeal an 4 A3 made in the Twenty third Tear of His prefent Majefly, for the 4 better Regulation of the Office of Paymajler General of His Majcjly’s 4 Forces, and the more regular Payment of the Army; and for the 4 ptore cjfcQually regulating the faid Office; it was, among other things,	$

4 directed in what manner the annual Account of the Paymafter 4 General of His Majefty's Forces fhould be made up, commencing 4 from the Twenty fifth Day of December One thoufand eight 4 hundred and four; and in what manner the fame when made up	4	g.

4 fhould be transmitted to the Ccmraiflioners for auditing the 4 Public Accounts, and by them examined and prefented for Decla-4 ration, and how the faid Paymafter General fhould be acquitted • thereof: And whereas in an Aft paffed in the Forty fixth Year 46G.3.c. 141. 4 of His faid Majefty's Reign, intituled An A3 for making more 4 ejfcBual Provifion for the more fpeedy and regular Examination and 4 Audit of the Public Accounts of this Kingdom, certain Provifion9 5 8.

4 are contained by which the Delivery of other Accounts applicable 4 to the Service of each Year or Period are required to be furniftied 4 by all Accountants : And whereas an Aft was pafled in the Forty 48	G.3. c.4^

4 eighth Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for 4 accelerating the making up, Examination and Audit of the Accounts of 4 the Paymafter General of His Majejly’s Forces, whereby, among 54.

4 other things, a different Mode was preferibed for making up the 4 faid Annual Accounts, and for tranfmitting and declaring the fame,

4 and acquitting the faid Paymafter General thereof: And it wa3 § 6.

4 further enafted, that the faid Paymafter General fhould make up 4 a feparate Annual Account for Monies paid by his Deputies on 4 Foreign Stations, and that the faid laft mentioned Account fhould 1 be tranfmitted to the faid Cemmiflioners, fo far as the fame could

B b 3	4	be



C. ioo#

Paymasters General to make up their Account! for the Years 1805. 1806 and 1807,a reeahle to 48 G.3. c.49.

Account* tranf. mitted to Cora-midion' i s for Public Accounts.

45 O.J. C.58.

I *

53* GEO. III.	A.D.	1813,.

*	be made up within Eighteen Months after the Period of the fame 4 Account, and (hould be examined and declared, and an Acquittance

*	thereon made out. as in the faid laft mentioned A& is mentioned:

*	And whereas great Difficulty has occurred in making up for Exami-4 nation and Audit the Accounts of the faid Paymafter General, for

*	the Years ending on the Twenty fourth Day of December One

*	thoufand eight hundred and five, One thoufand eight hundred and

*	fix and One thoufand eight hundred and feven, under the Provifions

*	of the faid Adis of the Forty fifth and Forty fixth Years aforefaid 5

*	and it is expedient that the faid Accounts for the faid Three Year* 4 (hould be made tip in the Mode preferibed by the faid recited A€t 4 of the Forty eighth Year aforefaid ;’ Be it therefore enadled by the King’s Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, rrhat it (hall and may be lawful for the fevcral Pay matters General of His Maje(ly’8 Forces, who held the faid Office during the Three Years above mentioned, to make up their feveral and refp^dlive Accounts in the fame Mode as is by the faid recited Adt of the Forty eighth Year aforefaid preferibed with refpedl to the Accounts of the faid Paymafter General for the fubfequent Y ars, as well with regard to Monies paid by the Deputies of the faid refpedtive Pay matters General on Foreign Stations or otherwife 5 and that the faid Cora-miffioners for auditing the Public Accounts (hall examine or caufe to be examined the fame, and (hall dilcharge the faid refpedtive Pay-mafters General thereof, and prepare the fame for Declaration ; and that the faid Accounts (hall be declared, and a Quietus or Acquittance thereon (hall be made out in like manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the faid Adt of the Forty eighth Year aforefaid had taken Effedt from the Twenty fifth Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and four ; any thing in the faid recited Acts of the Forty fifth and Forty fixth Years aforefaid to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

II. And be it further enadled, That the Accounts to be made up under this Adi, (hall be made up and tranfmitted to the faid Commiffioners for auditing Public Accounts, with as little Delay a* poflible, after the palling of this Adi.

4 III. And whereas by an Adi pafled in the Forty fifth Year 4 of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to repeal an Ad 4 made in the Twenty third Tear of His prefent Majejlyx for the better 4 Regulation of the Office of Paymajler General of His MajeJly’s Forces,

*	and the more regular Payment of the Army; and for the more 4 ejfedually regulating the J'aid Office; it is, among other things,

4 enadled, That the Paymafter Gei-eral of His Majefty’s Forces lor 4 the time being, by himfelf or his Deputy, or the Perfon or Ptr-4 for.s in his Office duly authorized by the faid Paymafter General,

4 (hall draw upon the Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng-4 land, for all Army Services whatever by Drafts figned by him 4 or his Deputy, or the Perfon or Pcrfons fo authorized, and (hall 4 fpecify in every Draft the particular Head of Service to which 4 the Sum therein mentioned is to be applied ; and that no Draft of

*	the faid Paymafter or his Deputy, or the Perfon or Pcrfons autho*

4 rized as aforefiid, (hall be deemed a fufficient Voucher to the faid 4 Governor and Company, unlefs the fame (hall fpecify the Service

4 for

 CjOOQle

* 375

A.D.i8i3*	530GEO. III. C. ioo, ioi, 102.

*	for which it is drawn, and (hall be aftually paid by the faid Gover-

*	nor and Company: And whereas it is expedient to enable the (aid

*	Paymafter General to make his Acceptances of Bills of Exchange € drawn upon him for Army Services, by his Deputies on Foreign € Stations, payable at the Bank of England Be it therefore enafted, That, from and after the pafling of this Aft, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Paymafter General for the time being, by himfelf or his Deputy, or the Perfon or Perfons in his Office, duly authorized by him, to accept all Bills drawn for Army Services upon the faid Paymafter General for the time being, by any Deputy Paymafter, or Affiftant Deputy Paymafter of the Forces on any Foreign Station, and by fuch Acceptance to make fuch Bills payable at tne Bank of England, provided that the particular Head of Service to which the Sum in every fuch Bill of Exchange mentioned is to be applied, be fpecified either in the original Bill, or in the Acceptance thereof; and that it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Governor and Company to pay every fuch Bill of Exchange fo accepted, and that every fuch Bill of Exchange fo accepted, being aftually paid by the faid Governor and Company, (hall be a fufficient Voucher to the faid Governor and Company for the Sum therein mentioned ; any thing in the faid recited Aft to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

CAP. CL

An Aft to diflolve the Corporation of the Royal Canal Company in Ireland; and to appoint Commiflioners for enquiring into and examining the Claims of the Creditors of the faid Company, and other Matters relating to the faid Company 5 and to provide for carrying on and completing the Canal from Dublin to Tarmonbury on the River Shannon.	[7th July 1813.]

cap. cn.

An Aft for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England.

[loth July 1813.3

WHEREAS, notwithftanding the occafional Afts which have from time to time pa (Ted for the Relief of Infolvent Debtors, and the Difcharge of many Prifoners for Small Debts by charitable Donations, great Numbers of Perfons generally remain confined for Debt in different Prifons in England; and it is therefore expedient to make a permanent Provifion for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England, under certain Reftriftions :* Be it enafted by the King*s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this Aft, it (hall be lawful for His Majefty to appoint a fit Perfon, being a Barrifter at Law, of Six Years (landing at the lead, to be His Maiefty’s Com-miffioner for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and to prefide in a Court to be called u The Court for Relief of Insolvent Debtors,” which (hall be a Court of Record for the Purpofes of this Aft 5 and that when and as foon as the Appointment (hall have been notified in the London Gazette, fuch Court (hall be deemed to be fully conftituted and efta-bhfhed ; and thereupon it (hall be lawful for every Perfon who fhall

B b 4	bt

Paymafter Gen e-ral empowered to accept Foreign Bill? ofExchange, payable at Bank of England.

Commiftioner appointed by Hi* Majefty to pre-tide in a Court, to be called “ The Court for Relief of Insolvent Debtor**' Prifoners in Cuftodyfor

Three Monuto,

to apply to fuch Court by Petition.

Schedule of Debts and Ef-

M«i ftc. annexed to Petition.

be a Prifoner in any Prifon in that Part of the United Kingdom called England\ upon any Procefs whatfoever ifluing from any Court what-foever, for or by reafon of any Debt, Damage, Cods, Sum or Sums of Money, or Contempt for Nonpayment of Money, and who (hall have been in a6tual Cuftody upon fome Procefs for fome or one of the (aid Debts or Demands during the Space of Three Calendar Months or more, to apply by Petition in a fummary way to the Court to be eftablifhed by virtue of this Ad, for his or her X)ifcharge from fuch Confinement, according to the Provifions of this Ad ; and in Inch Petition fuch Piifoner (hall (late the Prifon wherein fuch Prifoner (hall be then confined, the time when (uch Prifoner was firft charged in Cuftody, or received in Prifon upon fome Procefs on which he or (he (hall then be detained in Prifon, together with the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons at whofe Suit or Profecution fuch Prifoner (hall, at the time of prefenting fuch Petition, be detained in Prifon, and the Amount of the Debts or Sums of Money for which fuch Prifoner (hall be fo detained, and (hall pray to be difeharged from Cultody upon all fuch Procefs, and to have future Liberty of his or her Perfon againft the Demands for which fuch Prifoner (hall be then in Cuftody, and againft the Demands of all other Perfons who (hall be named or fpecified as Creditors, or as claiming to be Creditors of fuch Prifoner in the Schedule annexed to fuch Petition, and fuch Prifoner (hall by fuch Petition offer to convey, afiign and deliver to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the Court (hall dired, for the Payment of fuch Debts and Sums of Money refpectively, from which fuch Prifoner (hall feek to be difeharged, all fuch Property as fuch Prifoner (hall poflefs or have in his or her Power as hereinafter ex-prefied ; the Wearing Apparel and Bedding for fuch Prifoner, and his or her Family, and Working Tools and neceffary Implements for his or her Occupation or Calling, and other fmall Necelfaries, not exceeding in the Whole the Value of Twenty Pounds only excepted ; and (hall alfo offer to engage to pay fo much of all fuch Debts and Demands refpedively as (hall be juftly due from fuch Prifoner to fuch Creditors, and as (hall not be difeharged by means of tlie Property fo to be conveyed, afligned and delivered in cafe fuch Prifoner (hall,* at any time thereafter, become pofleffed of fufficient Means for fuch Purpofe; to which Petition (hall be annexed a Schedule, containing a full and true Defcription of all and every the Perfon and Perfons to whom fuch Prifoner (hall then be indebted, or who to his or her Knowledge or Belief (hall claim to be a Creditor or Creditors of fuch Prifoner, with the Nature and Amount of fuch Debts and Claims refpedively, diftinguifhing fuch as (hall be admitted from fuch as (hall be difputed by fuch Prifoner; and alfo a full, juft, true and perfccl Account and Difcovery of all the Eftates and Efifeds, Real and Perfonal,in PofiefTion, Reverfion, Remainder or Expedancy, of every Nature and Kind whatfoever, which fuch Prifoner, or any other Perfon or Perfons in Truft for fuch Prifoner, or for his or her Ufe, Benefit or Advantage, in any manner whatfoever, (hall have been or (hall be feifed or poffefled of, or interefted in, or entitled unto, or which fuch Prifoner, or any Perfon or Perfons in Truft for him or her, or for his or her Benefit, (hall have had or (hall have anv Power to difpofe of or charge for the Benefit or Advantage of fuch Prifoner at the time when fuch Prifoner was fir ft committed to Prifon, or charged in Cuftody for any of the Debts or bums of Money


C. 102.

377

A.D. 1813.	53^ GEO. III.

for which fuch Prifoner fhall then be detained in Cuftody, or at any time fubfequent to that time, before and on the Day on which the Truth of fuch Schedule fhall be fworn to by fuch Prifoner as herein direded ; together with a full, juft, true and perfed Account of all Debts at fuch time owing to fuch Prifoner, or to any Perfon or Per-fons in Truft for him or her, or for his or her Benefit or Advantage, either folely or jointly with any other Perfon or Perfons, and the Names and Places of Abode of the feveral Perfons from whom fuch Debt fhall be or fhall have been due or owing, and of the Wit-nefles who can prove fuch Debts as fhall remain due (if any fuch there fhall be), fo far as fuch Prifoner can fet forth the fame, and in what manner any fuch Eftates or EfFeds, Real or Perfonal, of fuch Prifoner fhall have been applied or difpofed of fince the time when fuch Prifoner fhall have been fo firft committed to Prifon or charged in Cuftody as aforefaid ; and which of fuch Eftate or Effeds, or any of them, fhall have been in any manner conveyed, afligned, difpofed of, charged or incumbered in any manner whatioever, and when and in what manner, and for what Confideration, and to whom, and for whofe Benefit, and which of fuch Eftates and Effeds fhall, at the time of fwearing to fuch Schedule, be applicable to the Difcharge of the Demands of his or her Creditors; and fuch Schedule fhall alfo fully and truly deferibe the Wearing Apparel and Bedding of fuch Prifoner, and his or her Family, and the Working Tools and Implements, and other fmall Neceffaries intended to be excepted by fuch Prifoner from the Aflignment propofed by the* faid Petition to be made by fuch Prifoner as aforefaid, together with the Values of fuch excepted Articles refpedivel'y ; and fuch Prifoner fhall make Oath of the Truth of fuch Petition and Schedule to the following Effed, or with fuch Variations, according to fpecial circumftanccs, as fhall be confident with the Provilions of this Ad :

*	T A. B, upon my corporal Oath, in the Prefence of Almighty 4 * God, do folemnly fwear and declare, That on the

4 Day of	I	was	really	and truly a Prifoner in

4 the adual Cuftody of	in the Prifon or Gaol

4 of	at	the	Suit of

4	for	the Sum of	[as the cafe may

4 be~\t without any Fraud or Collufion whatever; and that I have ever

*	fince been and now am a Prifoner in	iu	the	adual

* Cuftody of the Keeper or Gaoler of	['at the 4 cafe may he]y or within the Liberties thereof, at the Suit of

*	and of	[as the cafe may be]],

*	without any Fraud or Collufion whatever 5 and that I have not 4 taken the Benefit of any Ad of Parliament made for the Relief of 4 Insolvent Debtors within the Space of Five Years now laft paft,

4 and that 1 have not had at any time fince I was committed to 4 Prifon, or charged in Cuftody by the faid

f as aforefaid, any means whatfoever of difeharging the Demands of 4 the faid	and	of the other Perfons

4 named or deferibed as my Creditors, or as claiming to be my Cre-4 ditors, in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and fubferibed by me,

4 except the Eftates and Effeds mentioned in the faid Schedule ;

4 and that I have not now any means of difeharging fuch Demands,

4 except fo much of the faid Eftates and Effeds as ftill remain appli-

4 cable

Form of Oath of Truth of Petition and Schedule.

378

C. 102.

53° GEO. III.	A.D. 1813.

cable for that Purpofe, at exprefled in the faid Schedule; and that all the Eftates and Effe&s which I have difpofed of fince I was fo firft committed to Prifon, or charged in Cuftody, have been neceflarily expended by me for the Maintenance of myfelf and Family, and for Law Charges and other unavoidable Expences during my Confinement, and in Payment of juft Debts due and owing by me before or fince the faid	Day	of

when I was firft committed to Prifon or detained in Cuftody, at the Suit of the faid

as aforefaid ; and that the faid Schedule doth contain, to the beft of my Knowledge and Belief, a full, juft, true and perfett Account, and Bifcovery of all the Eftates and Effe&s, Real and Perfonal, in Pofleffion, Reverfion, Remainder or Expe&ancy, and of every Nature and Kind foever, which I now am, or which any Perfon or Perfons in Truft for me, or for my IJfe, Benefit or Advantage, now is or are feized, poflfefled of, interefted in, or entitled unto, or which was or were in my PofTeffion, Cuftody or Power, or in the PofTeffion, Cuftody or Power of any fuch Perfon as aforefaid, or which I or any Perfon or Perfons had any Power of difpofing of or charging for my Benefit or Advantage at the time I was fo firft committed to Prifon, or charged in Cuftody by the faid

as aforefaid, or at any time fince that time, and of all Debts owing to me or to any Perlon or Perfons in Truft for me or for my Benefit, either folely or jointly with any other Perfon or PerfonB, and of all Securities and Contrads whereby any Money now is or will or may hereafter become payable, or any Benefit or Advantage may accrue or might have accrued to me or my Ufe, or to any Perfon or Perfons in Truft for me or for my Benefit, at the time I was fo firft committed to Prifon, or charged in Cuftody as aforefaid, and the Names and Places of Abode of the feveral Perfor.s from whom fuch Debts are or-were due and owing, and of the Witnefles who can prove fuch Debts or Contra&s as remain due or unperformed, fo far as I am able to fet forth the fame, and that neither I nor any Perfon or Perfons in Truft for me, or for my Ufe and Benefit, to my Knowledge or Belief, have or has any Land, Money, Stock or other Ellate or Effeds whatfoever. Real or Perfonal, in PofTeffion, Reverfion, Remainder or Expectancy, or of any Nature or Kind whatfoever, or any Power of difpofing of or of charging for my Benefit or Advantage any Property whatfoever, other than fuch as are in the faid Schedule contained or exprefled, except the Wearing Apparel and Bedding for myfelf and Family, Working Tools, and the neceflary Implements for ray Occupation and Calling, and other fmall Ncceffaries, not exceeding in the Whole the Value of Twenty Pounds, mentioned and described in the faid Schedule, and intended to be excepted from the Affigument intended to be made by me ; and that I have not, nor hath or have any Perfon or Perfons for me, dire&ly or indire&ly, fold, leffened or otherwife conveyed or difpofed of in Truft or otherwise, except as hereinbefore exprefled, or in any manner concealed any Part of my Lands, Money, Goods, Chattels, Stocks, Debts, Securities, Contra&s, Eftates or Effe&s, Real or Perfonal, whereby to fecure the fame for my own Benefit, or whereby I may receive or expt& to receive any Profit or Advantage therefrom, or

4 with

*	with any Intent to defraud or deceive any Creditor or Creditors

*	to whom I am or was indebted in any wife howfoever.
So help me GOD.*

And the (aid Oath (hall and may be adminiftered to fuch Prifoner by fuch Court, or by any Officer of fuch Court appointed by fuch Court for that Purpofe, or by a Juftice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Divifion or Place in which fuch Prifoner fhall be detained in Cuftody, and the faid Petition, and Schedule and Oath, (hall be nefpe&ively fubferibed by fuch Prifoner, in the Prefence of the Perfon by whom fuch Oath fhall be adminillered, who fhall certify the Subscription thereof refpe&ively by fuch Prifoner } and fuch Petition Schedule and Oath fhall be filed in the faid Court, which Court (hall thereupon name a Day for hearing the Matter of fuch Petition 5 and a Copy of fuch Petition, Schedule and Oath fhall be Served on the Several Perfon or Perfons who fhall be Specified in fuch Petition as the Perfon or Perfons at whofe Suit fuch Prifoner fhall be then detained in Cuftody, or on his, her or their Attorney or Solicitor, in the Action or A&ions, Suit or Suits, in refpe& of which fuch Prifoner fhall be fo detained, together with a Copy of the Order of the Court upon fuch Petition, Twenty Days at the leaft before the Day appointed for hearing the Matter of fuch Petition, by delivering fnch Copies refpe&ively to fuch Perfon or Perfons refpe&ively, or leaving the fame with the Wife, Clerk or Servant of fuch Perfon or Perfons refpectively, at his, her or their ufual Place of Abode ; and Notices in Writing that fnch Petition had been prefen ted, and fuch Schedule and Oath filed in the faid Court, together with a Copy of the Order on fuch Petition, fhall be ferved in like manner on all and every the Perfon or Perfons named or deferibed in the faid Schedule as Creditors, or as claiming to be Creditors of the faid Prifoner, and againft whofe Demands fuch Prifoner fhall Seek to be discharged, or on the Attorney or Solicitor of any Creditor, in any Aftion or Suit brought againft fuch Prifoner for the Demand of fuch Creditor; and fuch Service fhaO, on the Hearing of the Matter of the faid Petition, be proved on Oath to the Satisfa6tion of the Court.

II.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That in cafe it fhall be made appear to the Satisfa&ion of the faid Court, that the Creditors of fuch Prifoner, exclufive of thofe at whofe Suit fuch Prifoner fhall be then detained in Cuftody, are fo numerous, or their Refideoce fo remote, that the Expence of Serving fuch Creditors with Notice of the Application of fuch Prifoner for nis or her Difcharge, would be fo confiderable that fuch Prifoner might be unable to procure Such Service, to be duly made in manner hereinbefore dire&ed, or that for any other reafon it will be fit, in the Judgment of the faid Court,, to difpenfe with fuch Service, with refpe& to all or any of fuch Creditors, it fhall be lawful for the faid Court to order that Notice of the Petition of fuch Prifoner for his or her Difcharge may, inftead of being ferved on fuch Creditors refpe&ively, be mferted in the London Gazette, and in fuch Two or more Newfpapers as the faid Court fhall direct, and in fuch Form of Words as the Said Court fhall approve, Twenty Days at the leaft before the Day appointed for hearing the Matter of the faid Petition, and that mch Notice fhall be deemed Sufficient Notice to the Creditors named or deferibed therein 5 or to fubftitute fome other Mode of Notice, which in the Judgment of the faid Court may

1Z	appear

Court, or a Juf-tice to adminifter Oath.

Copy of Petit ion. Schedule and O-ith, delivered to every Creditor.

If Creditors numerous, Notice i tferted in London Gazette, and in Two or more Newfpapers, as Court fhall d'.reCl.

C. 102.

Infertion of Advertisements, 3*.

Sump Duty.

Court may proceed where Notice not given in London Gazette, &c. if Creditors cannot be found.

Previous Refi-dence out of the Kingdom.

53* GEO, III.	A.D.	1813.

appear reafonable ; and upon fuch Notice fo given to the Satisfa&ion of the faid Court, it fhali be lawful for the faid Court to proceed on fuch Petition with refpeft to all fuch Creditors as (hall be named, or defcribed in fuch Notice, in the fame manner as the faid Court might have done if fuch Creditors had been refpeftively fcrved with Notice as hereinbefore directed.

III.	Provided always, and be it hereby enafted, That the Sum of Three Shillings and no more (hall be paid to any Printer or Proprietor of any Newfpaper for the Infertion of any fuch Advertifement aforefaid ; and all Printers and Proprietors of Newfpapers are hereby required to infert the fame on the Payment of the faid Sum of Three Shillings for the Infertion thereof; and that no fuch Advertifement (hall be liable to the Payment of, or be chargeable or charged with the Payment of , any Stamp or other Duty whatfoever.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That in cafe it. fhali be made appear to the Satisfaction of the faid Court, that any of the Perfons required to be ferved with fuch Petition, Schedule, Oath, Order or Notice, is or are beyond the Seas, or cannot be found, fo as to be ferved with fuch Petition, Schedule, Oath and Order, as required by this Aft, and the faid Court fhali not think fit to order Notice to fuch Perfons to be inferted in the London Gazette and fuch Newfpapers as aforefaid, or to fubftitute any other Mode of Notice, it fhali be lawful for the faid Court to proceed upon the faid Petition not with (landing fuch Defeft in the Service thereof ; but in fuch cafe fuch Prifoner fhali not be in any manner difcharged from the Demands of the Perfon or Perfons who fhali not be fo ferved, or with refpeft to whom fuch Notice (hall not be given in the London Gazette and fuch Newfpapers as aforefaid, or in fuch other fubllituted Mode of Notice as fhali be approved of by the faid Court, unlefs fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall appear before the faid Court and oppofe the Dif-charge of fuch Prifoner, or confent to the Proceeding of the Court, not with (landing any fuch Defeft of Service.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any Pri-foner feeking the Benefit of this Aft fhali within Two Years before he or (he fhali feek the Benefit of this Aft, have refided in any Place or Places out of the United Kingdom, and fhali during fuch Refi-dence have contrafted in fuch Place or Places any Debt from which he or fhe fhali feek to be difcharged by virtue of this Aft, fuch Prifoner fhali not be difchafged under the Authority of this Ad from any fuch Debt, without the Confent of the Perlon or Perfons to whom fuch Debt fhali be due, unlefs fuch Prifoner fhali at the time of fuch Application be in aftual Cuflody for fuch Debt, or (hall be aftually fued, or fhali have been fued in fome Court o| Law or Equity in England for the fame ; in any of which cafes Notice of the Application for the Difcharge of fuch Prifoner fhali be given to the Creditor or Creditors fo detaining in Cuflody or fuing or having fued fuch Prifoner, or to the Attorney or Solicitor employed in the Aftion or Suit then depending for fuch Debt or Debts, or to the Attorney or Solicitor employed in any Suit for fuch Debt or Debts before inflituted but not depending, if the Court to be eftablifhed by virtue of this Aft fhali think fit to allow of Service on fuch Attorney

or Solicitor, inftead of perfonal Service on fuch Creditor or Creditors.

C. 102.

A.D.1813.

53° GEO. III.

381

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That in cafe of any Hearing ofPeti-Defeft in the Service of fuch Petition, Schedule, Oath or Order, it J,ons maX (hall be lawful for the faid Court from time to time to allow further ^rett of Ser-time for fucU Purpofe, and to make an Order or Orders for adjourning vice#

the Hearing of the Matter of the faid Petition, in the whole or with refpeft to any particular Perfon or Perfons, to give Opportunity for fucb Service; and in cafe the faid Petition, Schedule, Oath and original Order, together with fuch further Order or Orders, fhall be duly ferved according to the Provifions of this Aft, on the Perfon or Perfons not before duly ferved T wventy Days before the Day appointed for hearing the Matter of the faid Petition on any fuch further Order, it fhall be lawful for the faid Court to proceed on fuch Service, as the faid Court miriit have done if the faid Petition, Schedule, Oath and original Order, had been duly ferved according to the Provifions before contained in this Aft.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That upon the Day appointed 9.	Pe"

by the faid Court for hearing the Matter of the faid Petition, or mayoppofc. upon fuch fubfequent Day as the faid Court (hall appoint for fuch

Purpofe, the faid Court (hall caufe fuch Prifoner to be brought before the faid Court, or before fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Court fhall direft, according to the Provifions of this Ad, to be examined touching the Truth of the Matter contained in the faid Petition and Schedule; and any of the Creditors of fuch Prifoner, and any of the Perfons named or defcribed in fuch Schedule, as claim ing to be Creditors of any fuch Prifoner, and any Perfon or Perfons not named or defcribed in fucb Schedule, who fhall claim to be a Creditor or Creditors of fuch Prifoner, fhall be at Liberty to oppofe fuch Petition, and for that Purpofe to put fuch Queftions to tuch Prifoner as the faid Court fhall think fit, touching the Matters contained in fuch Petition and Schedule, and touching fuch other Matters as the faid Court fhall be of Opinion it may be fit and proper that fuch Queftions (hould be put for the due Execution of this Aft, and fuch Prifoner fhall anfwer all fuch Queftions upon Oath ; and	not

in cafe fuch Prifoner fhall not fo anfwer all fuch Queftions to the Satisfaction of the faid Court, or in cafe it fhall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the faid Court from fuch Anfwers as fhall be given by fuch Prifoner or by Evidence, that fuch Prifoner is not entitled to the Benefit of this ACt, then and in fuch cafe fuch Court fhall fo declare, and fhall remand fuch Prifoner to Cuftody :

Provided always, that in cafe fuch Court fhall entertain any Doubt touching any Matter alleged againft fuch Prifoner to prevent his or her Difcharge, or touching the Examination of fuch Prifoner, it fhall be lawful for fuch Court to remand fuch Prifoner to Cuftody, and afterwards to caufe fuch Prifoner to be again brought up for Examination as often as to fuch Court fhall feem fit.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That in cafe Court may order the faid Court fhall fee fit, it fhall be lawful for the faid Court to PrilWrs to be order that any Prifoner, inftead of being brought before the faid ®xam*ne<J Court for Examination, for any of the Purpofes of this Aft, fhall inSeffior^^out from time to time be examined on Oath as Occafion fhall require, 0fSeffion,Ac. touching any Matters for the Purpofes of this Aft, by one or more ot which Notice of His Majefty's Juftkes of the Peace for the County, Riding, && be given. Divifion or Place, within or near to which fuch Prifoner fhall be

detained iu Cuftody, either at a General Scffion of the Peace, or any

Adjournment



38a

C.I02.

^3“ GEO. in.

A.D.1813*

Certificate.

Stamp Duty.

Fee*.

Adjournment thereof, or out of Seffion, who are hereby refpeftively empowered and required to take fuch Examination purfuant to fuch Order; and fuch Notice (hall be given of the Time and Place to be appointed for fuch Examination as the faid Court to be eftablifhed by virtue of this Aft, (hall direft $ and fuch Prifoner (hall, according to fuch Order, be carried before the Perfon or Perfons appointed thereby to examine fuch Prifoner, for which fuch Order (hall be a fufficient Warrant; and fuch Prifoner (hall anfwer upon Oath all fuch Queftions as (hall be put to fuch Prifoner purfuant to fuch Order ; and the Perfon or Perfons taking fuch Examination (hall certify to fuch Court the Examination of fuch Prifoner, and all Matters relating thereto, as fuch Court (hall direft; and fuch Court (hall proceed upon fuch Certificate in fuch manner as to fuch Court (hall (eem juft ; and fuch Examination or Certificate, or either of them, (hall not be liable to or charged with any Stamp Duty or Duties whatfoever; and the Clerk of the Peace or other Officer of fuch Sefiions, or the Clerk of fuch Juftice or Juftices, (hall be paid for every fuch Examination after the Rate of Four pence for every Folio, for taking and fwearing or affirming the fame; and the further Sum of Two pence for every Folio For fuch Certificate, and procuring the Signature of the Juftices thereto, and fair Copy of fuch Examination to return with fuch Certificate, and no more; and each of fuch Folio (hall contain not lefs than Seventy two Words.

IX.	And be it further enafted. That in cafe any Perfon or Per-Tons claiming to be a Creditor or Creditors ,pf any Prifoner, (ball oppofe the Petition of fuch Prifoner for his or her Difcharge, fuch Perfon or Perfons, although not duly ferved with fuch Petition, Schedule, Oath or Order as aforefaid, (hall be confidered as having had due Notice thereof, and the Name or Names of fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be added to the faid Schedule by the faid Court, either at a Creditor or Creditors, or as claiming to be a Creditor or Creditors of fucb Prifoner.

X.	And be it further enafted. That in cafe the faid Court (hall be of Opinion that fuch Prifoner is entitled to the Benefit of this Aft, then and in fuch cafe the faid Court (hall fo order and adjudge, and (hall in fuch Order fpecify the feveral Creditors and rerfons claiming to be Creditors of fuch Prifoner, who (hall appear to have been duly ferved with Notice of fuch Proceedings, as required by this Aft, or with refpeft to whom Notice (hall appear to have been given in the London Gazette and other Newfpapers, in purfuance of the Order of the faid Court for that Purpofe, or in fuch other manner as the faid Court (hall direft, or who (hall have appeared before the faid Court, and oppofed the Difcharge of fuch Prifoner, or confented to the Proceeding of the Court with refpeft to their Demands, notwithftanding any Defeft of Service of fuch Notice ; and the faid Court (hall in fuch Order alfo fpecify the feveral Perfons again It whofe Demands fuch Prifoner (hall be deemed

Mimedfand'En- ^7 Court entitled to be difcharged by virtue of this Aft ; and *	fuch	Court (hall appoint a proper Perfon or proper Perfons to be

Affignee or Aflignees of the Eftate and Effefts of fuch Prifoner, for the Purpofes of this Aft, and (hall order proper Conveyances and Affignment8 of fuch Effete and Effefts to be made by fuch Prifoner according to this Aft, together with an Engagement to be executed

*7

Chiming to be Creditors nut duly ferved with Notice, to be added to Schedule.

Court fo to adjudge where they are of Opinion Prifon-ers are entitled to Benefit of Aft, Ice.

gagements en tered into for Payment of Debts not Catis-fied.







C. 102*

3*3

A.D.1813.	53°GEO.	IIL

by fiich Prifoner to pay fo much of the juft Debts and Demands of the feveral Perfons again ft whom fuch Prifoner (hall by fuch Court be adjudged entitled to the Benefit of this Ad, as (hall not be paid out of the Eftate and Effects to be conveyed and afligned by fuch Prifoner for fuch Purpofe, in cafe he or (he (hall at any time thereafter be enabled to pay fuch Debts and Demands, or to pay fuch Part or Parts thereof as he or (he (hall be able at any time to pay ; and (hall alfo order all Books, Papers and Writings, in the Cuftodv Book*,&c! of or Power of fuch Prifoner, relating to the Eftate and Effeds of Prifoner deli-fuch Prifoner, and the Demands of his or her Creditors, to be vercd UP* delivered on Oath to fuch Aflignee or Affignees, or otherwife to be difpofed of as fuch Court (hall dired 5 and upon the due Execution Prifoner dif-of all fuch Conveyances, Alignments and Engagements as aforefaid, charged, but and Delivery of fuch Books, Papers and Writings as aforefaid, as fnch Court (hall dired, fuch Court (hall order fuch Prifoner to be future Eftate. difeharged from Cuftody, and Judgment (hall thereupon be entered in fuch Court againft fuch Prifoner in purfuance of fuch Engagements as aforefaid, which Judgment lhall and may, if the faid Court lhall fo order, be executed againft the future Eftate and Effeds of fuch Prifoner, Real and Perfonal, as the faid Court (hall dired, and (hall bind the A (Pets of fuch Prifoner, Real and Perfonal, in the Hands of his Heirs, Executors and Admiuiftrators, for the full Amount of the Debts and Demands aforefaid, which (hall remain unfatisfied, or fo much of fuch Debts and Demands a9 the faid Court (hall be of Opinion ought to be fatisfied, and Execution lhall be had upon fuch Judgment in fuch and the fame manner as Execution may be bad upon a Judgment of the Court of King’s Bench nevertheless, according to the Orders of the Court to be eftablilhed by virtue of this Ad, and in conformity to the Provi-fions in this Ad contained.

XI.	Provided always, and be further enaded, That in cafe any Copyhold at Prifoner who (hall be difeharged by virtue of this Ad, (hall be Cuftomary entitled to any Copyhold or Cuftomary Eftate, the fame (hall be fa^«nder-furrendered or conveyed by fuch Prifoner according to the Cuftom of e t0 gncc*’ the Manor of which fuch Eftate (hall be holden, either to the Aflignee

or Affignees of the Eftate and Effeda of fuch Prifoner, or to any Purchaser or Purchasers of any fuch Copyhold or Cuftomary Eftate from fuch Aflignee or Affignees, as the faid Court (hall dired, and the Rents and Profits thereof (hall be in the mean time received by fnch Aflignee or Affignees for the Benefit of the Creditors of fuch Prifoner, without Prejudice neverthelefs to the Lord or Lords of the Manor of which any fuch Copyhold or Cuftomary Eftate (hall be holden.

XII.	And whereas Prifoners difeharged by virtue of this Ad may be entitled to Annuities for their own Lives, or other uncertain Interefts, or to reverfionary or contingent Interefts, or to Property under fuch Circumftances, that the immediate Sale thereof for Payment of their Debts may be very prejudicial to them, and deprive them of the Means of Subfiftence which they might otherwife have after Payment of their Debts ; and it may be proper in fome cafes to authorize the railing of Money by way of Mortgage for Payment of the Debts, or Part of the Debts of a Prifoner difeharged by virtue of this Ad, and defraying Expences attending the Execution of this Ad, inftead of felling the Property of Fuch Prifoner

for





3*1

Sale of Annuities or contingent Interns rertrnined by Court.

C. 102.

53* GEO. III.

A.D.t8ij

Court may on Complaint of Creditor, within One Year, avoid D.(charge of Prifoner, on being fttisfied that he obtained hi* Dif-charge fraudulently.

for fuch Ptfrpofes; Be it enafted, That in all fuch cafes, it (hall be lawful for the faid Court to take into Confideration all circumftar.cei affefting the Property of any Prifoner who (hall be difcharged by virtue of this Aft, either at the time of the Difcharge of fuch Prifoner, or at any fubfequent time ; and if it (hall appear to the faid Court, that it would be reafonable to make any Special Order touching the fame, it (hall be lawful for the faid Court fo to do, and to direft that fuch Property as it may be expedient not to fell, or not to fell immediately, according to the Provifions of this Aft, (hall not be fo fold, and from time to time to order and direft in what manner fuch Property (hall be managed for the Benefit of the Creditors of fuch Prifoner, until the fame can be properly fold, or until Payment of all fuch Creditors according to the Provifionsof this Ad, and to make fuch Order touching the Sale or Difpofition of fuch Property as to the faid Court (hall feern reafonable, confidermg the Rights of the Creditors of fuch Prifoner to Payment of their Demands, and the future Benefit of fuch Prifoner after Payment of his or her Debts, and upon fuch Terms and Conditions with refpeft to the Allowance of Intereft on Debts not bearing Intereft, or other circumftances, as to the faid Court (hall feem juft ; and if it (hall appear to the faid Court that the Debts of fuch Prifoner can be difcharged by means of Money raifed by way of Mortgage on any Property of fuch Prifoner, inftead of raifing the fame by Sale, it (hail be lawful for the faid Court fo to order, and to give all neceflary Direft ions for fuch Purpofe, and generally to dirc& all things which may be proper for the Difcharge of the Debts of fuch Prifoner in fuch manner as may be molt confident with the Interefts of fuch Prifoner, in any Surplus of his or her Effefts after Payment of fuch Debts.

XIII.	Provided always, and he it further enafted, That in cafe any Creditor againft whom any Prifoner (hall have obtained his or her Difcharge by virtue of this Aft, (hall within One Year after the Date of the Order for fuch Difcharge, apply to the faid Court to avoid fuch Difcharge as improperly obtained, and upon fuch Application it (hall appear to the Satisfaction of the Court that fuch Prifoner has afted in any manner fraudulently in obtaining fuch Difcharge, or has wilfully concealed aHy of his or her Ellate or Effefts by not fpecifying or not properly fpecifying the fame in fuch Schedule as aforefaid, for tne Purpofe of depriving the Creditors againft whom he (hall have obtained fuch Difcharge of the Benefit thereof, it (hall be lawful for fuch Court to declare the Difcharge fo obtained by fuch Prifoner null and void; and it (hall thereupon be lawful for any Creditor or Creditors of fuch Prifoner againft whom fuch Difcharge (hall have been obtained, to proceed againft fuch Prifoner as if fuch Difcharge had not been obtained, fuch Creditor or Creditors relinquilhing all Benefit of the Affignment of the Eftate or Effefts ot fuch Prifoner which (hall remain unapplied by the Afiignee or Aflignees appointed under this Aft ; and any of fuch Creditors who mall have detained fuch Prifoner in Cuftody at the time of fuch Difcharge (hall be at Liberty to apply to fuch Court to remand fuch Prifoner again into Cuftody on the fame Pro* cefs from which he or (he had been fo difcharged ; and fuch Court (hall have Power to remand fuch Prifoner accordingly, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Commiffioncr of the laid Court,

j	which

 boogie

A.D.1813.

S2° GEO. m.

C. 102.	3®$

which Warrant (hall be executed br an Officer of the faid Court to be appointed for fuch Purpofe, and (hall be fufficient Authority for the Arreft and Detention of fuch Prifoner, upon theProcefe from which fuch Prifoner wai before discharged; and fo much (if any) of the Eftate or Effc&s of fuch Prifoner a* (hall then remain in the Hands of the Affignee or Affignees thereof, after paying all the juft Charges and Expences of fuch Affignee or Affignees to be allowed by the (aid Court, (hall be reconveyed or re-affigned or paid to fuch Prifoner as the (aid Court (hail direct 5 but fo much of fuch Eftates and Effe&s as (hall have been before applied in Payment of the Debts of fuch Prifoner, (hall be retained by the Creditors who (hall have received the feme in Part of their refpe&ive Demands, excepting only the Creditor or Creditors who (hall apply to the Court to avoid fuch Difcharge, who (hall repay the Dividend or Dividends received by him, her or them refpe&ively, to the Affignee or Affignees of the Eftate and EfFe&s of fuch Prifoner, before fuch Order, declaring inch Difcharge null and void, (hall be delivered out by the faid Court.

XIV.	And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid, Whcnitfhall That in cafe any Prifoner who (hall have been difcharged by virtue aJpcaf,t.° Court of this A6k, (hail become able to pay all or any Part of the Debts

due from him or her, and againft which he or (he (hall have obtained lajncd Difcharge fuch Difcharge, after a reasonable Allowance for the Maintenance	that	he i*	able te

of fuch Debtor, and his or her Family, and Payment of his or	pay	his Debt*,	«

her Debts, contra&ed after fuch Difcharge, or to which fuch Dif-charge did not extend, it (hall and may be lawful for any Creditor or	^	"

Creditors againft whom he or (he (hall have obtained fuch Difcharge, g to apply to the Court for Liberty to proceed againft fuch Debtor, notwithftanding fuch Difcharge ; and in cafe it (hall appear to the Satisfa&ion of fuch Court, that fuch Debtor is of Ability to pay fuch Demand, or any Part thereof, it (hall be lawful for (ucn Court to revoke fuch Difcharge either wholly or upon Payment of fuch Sum or Suras of Money for the Benefit of the Perfons againft whom fuch Difcharge (hall have been obtained, either in grofs, or by Several Payments, as to fuch Court (hall appear reafbnable, or to permit Execution to be taken out on the Judgment entered up in fuch Court upon the Engagement of fuch Prifoner, for fuch Sum of Money as the faid Court (hall think fit, to be diflributed rateably amongft the Creditors entitled under fuch Engagement, and fuch Proceedings (hall and may be had according	;

to the Difcretion of the faid Court from time to time, until the whole of the Debts due to the Several Perfons againft whom fuch Difcharge (hall have been obtained, (hall be fully paid and Satisfied, together with fuch Cofts as fuch Court (hall think fit to award:

Provided always, that in cafe any fuch Application (hall appear to Vexatious Ap-the Court to be ill founded and vexatious, it (hall be lawful for potions, the Court not only to refufe to make any Order on fuch Application, but alfo to difmils the feme, with fuch Cofts as to the Court (hall appear reafonable.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That all and every Perfon who Allowance for a (hall, at any time after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months from Difcoyery of Pr-the Date of the Appointment of any Affignee or Affignees of the ^c\shJ'ftfateS,X Eftate and Effe&s or any Prifoner under the Authority of this Ad, Appointment of voluntarily come and make Difcovery of any Part of fuch Prifoner** Affignees.

53 Geo. III.

Cc

Eftate







38 6

C. 103.

53° GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

Pifclofurc of Eftitc of Prifon-er Six Months after Dil'charge.

Penalty.

Os Prifoner dying leaving Afltts fu icient, Creditors may apply to Court to proceed on Judgment filtered intoon his Engagement to pay Debts not felitiiad.

EfUte not fpectfied in the faid Schedule and not before come to the Knowledge of the Aflignee or Aflignees of fuch PrifonePs Eflate, either to the faid Aflignee or Afligneet or the Commiffioner of the faid Court, (hall be allowed Five Pounds per Centum, sod fuch further and other Reward as the faid Aflignee or Afligneet, or the major Part in Value of the Creditors of fucn Prifoner prefent at any Meeting of the faid Creditors, (hall think fit, to be paid out of the net Proceeds of fuch Prifoner'a Eflate which (hall be recovered on fuch Difcovery, which (hall be paid to the Perfon or Perfoni fo di(covering the fame by the faid Aflignee or Aflignees, who (hall be allowed the fame in his, her or their Accounts.

XVI.	And be it further cna&ed, That all and every Perfon and Perfons who hath or have accepte4 or (hall accept any Truft or Truftt, or (hall be poflefled of and wilfully conceal or prated any Eilate Real or Perfonal, of any Prifoner who (hall be difcharged under the Authority of this Ad, and knowing fuch Difcharge, (hall not, within the Space of Six Calendar Months after fuch Difchaigt, difclofe fuch Truft and Eflate in Writing, either to the Aflignee or Aflignees of fuch Prifoner* s Eflate, or to the Commiffioner of the faid Court, and fubxnit himfelf, herfelf and themfelves to be examined touching the famfr on Oath before fuch Commiffioncr, or before foch Perfon being a Juftice of the Peace as he (hall appoint, if thereunto required, and truly difeover and difclofe the fame and all Particulars thereof, (hall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, and Double the Value of the EfUte whether Real or Perfonal fo concealed, to and for the Ufe of the Creditors of fuch Prifoner, to be recovered by A&ion of Debt in any of His MajeftyU Courts of Record at Wejlminficr, in the Name of the Aflignee or Aflignees of fuch Prifoner, or of any One of his, her or their Creditors who (hall firfl fue for the fame, with full Cofti of Suit.

XVII.	And be it further enatied, That in cafe any Prifoner who (hall have been difcharged by virtue cf this Adi, (hall die leaving Afleta Real or Perfonal, after Payment of all his or her Debts, exclufive of the Debts from which fuch Prifoner (hall have obtained fuch Difcharge, it (hall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fo much of fuch Debt or Debts, from which fuch Difcharge (hall have been obtained as (hall remain unpaid, to apply to the faid Court for Liberty to proceed on the Judgment entered in the faid Court on the Engagement of fuch Prifoner, in order to obtaiu Payment of fo much of fuch Debt or Debts as (hall then remain due as aforefaid, and fuch Court (hall make fuch Order thereupon as (hall be juft; and the Heirs, Executors or Adminiflrators of fuch deceafed Priloner (hall apply the A (lets in his, her or their Hands according to fuch Order, but without Prejudice to the Demand of any other Creditor or Creditors of fuch dectafed Prifoner, all of which (hall be firft paid or fatisfied: Provided always, that in cafe it (hall at any time be made appear to fuch Court, that the Eflate or EfFeds of fuch Prifoner, conveyed or afligned under the Authority of this Ad, would have been fufficient, if carefully and properly managed, to have fatisfied all the Debts from which fuch Prifoner bad been difcharged, or to have fatfsfied a larger Proportion of fuch Debts than (hall have a&ually been paid therewith, then and in any fuch cafe fuch Court (hall not authorize any further Proceedings againft

fuch

 L,ooq Le

C. 102.

'3«7

A.D.r8i$«	530	GEO.	III.

fucb Prifoner, or his or her Afleti, except for fo much of the Debts of* fuch Prifoner as could Dot have been fatisfied out of the Eftate *nd Effeds fo conveyed and afligned in cafe the fame had been carefully and properly managed and rendered productive for tlie Difcharge of fuch Debts: Provided alfo, that in no cafe Intereft lhall be allowed on any fuch Debt from the time of fuch Difcharge until the faid Court fhall order that Intereft (hall again run upon Debts bearing Intereft, which (hall be wholly in the Difcretion of the laid Court as hereinafter provided.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid, That all the Eft ate, Right, Title, Intereft and Truft of every Prifoner who fhall be difcharged by virtue of this Ad, of, in and to all the Real Eftate as well Freehold as Copyhold or Cuftomary, and of, in and to all the Perfonal Eftate, Debts and Effeds of every fuch Prifoner, (hall immediately from and after the Order of fuch Court as aforefaid for the Difcharge of fuch Prifoner, be and the fame are hereby vefted in the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame (hall, by the Order of the faid Court, be direded to be conveyed and afiigued as aforefaid, in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall confent to accept the fame 5 and the Conveyance and Aflignment which (hall be made in Purfuance of fuch Order (hall be without Stamps, and (hall, together with this Ad, be good and effedual in Law, to all Intents and Purpofe8 whatfoever, to veft the Eftate and Effeds therein com-prifed in the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame (hall, by Order of fuch Court, be direded to be conveyed and ailigned as aforefaid, Ids, her or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators and Afligns, according to the Eftate and Intereft which the Prifoner had therein, and every fuch Conveyance and Aflignment (hall be in Truft for the Benefit of the Creditor or Creditors of every fuch Prifoner againft whom fuch Prifoner (hall have obtained his or her Difcharge by virtue of this Ad, in refped of and in Proportion to the Debts iuftly due to them refpedively; and every Perfon and Perfons to whom any fuch Aflignment and Conveyance as aforefaid (hall be made, is and are hereby empowered to fue from time to time, as there may be Occalion, in his, her or their own Name or Names, for the Recovery and obtaining FofleQion of any Eftate or Effeds of any fuch Prifoner, and alfo to execute any Power vefted in or created for the Ufe and Benefit of any fuch Prifoner, and to give fuch Difcharge and Dif-charges to any Perfon or Perfons who fhall refpedively be indebted to fuch Prifoner, as may be requifite: Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall extend to prejudice or affect any Eftate, Intereft or Right whatfoever, of any Perfon or Perfons, other than fuch Prifoner, expedant upon or lubjed to any Eftate or Inter* Ik of fuch Prifoner fo vefted in fuch Afiignee or Aflignees as aforefaid, hot that the Eftate, Intereft and Right wliatioever of every other Perfon and Perfons (hall continue and remain and be feeured to him, her and them refpedively, in the fame manner as if this Ad had not been made.

XIX.	And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid, That every fuch Aflignee or Aflignees as aforefaid (hall, with all convenient Speed, after his, her or their accepting fuch Aflignment or Conveyance, life his or her or their b?ft endeavours to receive and get in the Eftate and Effed9 of every fuch Prifoner, and (hall, with all convenient Speed, make Sale of all the Eftate and Effe6ts of

C c 2	fuch

Intereft.

Eftate of Prifon-ers vefted in Per-tbns to whom fame by Order of Court lhall he directed to be conveyed in Truft for Benefit of Creditor*.

Provifo.

Alienees to get in Eltate anti Ef. fed a rf Prifoner, and m ike Dividend to Creditors at the End cf Three Months, &c.





383

C* I02<





SyGEO.in.

A.D.iSij.

fuch Prifoner vetted in fuch Affignee or Affignee*; and if fucb Prifoner (hall be interefted in or entitled to any Real Eftate, cither in Pofleflion, Reversion or Expe&ancy, the fame, within the Space of Two Months after fuch Affignment and Conveyance, fhall be (old by public Auction, in fuch manner, and at fuch rlace or Places, it the major Part of the Creditors of fuch Prifoner entitled to the Benefit therect, who (hall aflemble together on any Notice in Writing publifhed in the London Gaxctte, and in fome daily Paper printed and publifhed in London, or within the Bills of Mortality, if the Prifoner, before his or her going to Prifon, redded in London, or within* the Bill* of Mortality; and if fuch Prifoner redded eMewhere, ihen in fome printed Newfpaper which (hall be publifhed and generally circulated in or near the County, Riding, Dividon, City, Town, Liberty or Place in which fuch Prifoner redded before ne or lie was committed to Prifon, Thirty Days before any fuch Sale (hall be made, (hall, under his, her or their Hand or Hands, approve; and every fuch Affignee or Affignees, at the End of Three Months at the fartheft from the time of his, her or their accepting any fach Affignment or Conveyance as aforefaid, and fo from time to tine as Occadon (hall require, (hall make a fair and juft Dividend of all fuch Prifoner’s Eftate and Effe&s which (hall have been then recovered amongft fuch Creditors of fuch Prifoner, from wbofc Demand fuch Prifoner (hall have obtained a Discharge as before mentioned, in Proportion to the Juft Debts due to them re-fpedively ; but before any fuch Dividends (hall be made, filch Affignee or Affignees fhall make up an Account of fuch Prifooerif Ettate, and make Oath in Writing before an Officer of the faid Court to be appointed for that Purpofe, or before One or none Juftice or Juftices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Dividon, City, Town, Liberty or Place in which fuch Affignee or Affigaers fhall rcftde, that fuch Account contains a fair and juft Account of the Ettate and Effe&s of every fuch Prifoner got in by or for fach Affignee or Affignees, and of all Payments made in relped thereof, and that all Payments in every fuch Account chatted were truly and Iona Jide made and paid, which Account fo fwom fhall be filed with the proper Officer of the faid Court, and Notice of the making of every fuch Dividend fhall be publifhed in like manner as a Meeting of Creditors is hereinbefore dire&ed to be publifhed, Thirty Days at leaft before fuch Dividend fhall be made 5 and no Creditor (hall be allowed to receive any Share of fuch Dividend until he fhall hart made due Proof of his or her Debt, by Oath, before fome fach Juft ice or Juftices of the Peace 5 and if fuch Prifoner, or his or her Affignee or Affignees, or any Creditor of fuch Prifoner, fhall obieA to any Debt fo claimed, the fame fhall be examined into by the faid Court, who fhall have Full Power for that Purpofe, to require and Bt>ok%&c. pro- compel the Produ&ion of all Books, Papers and Writings which may be neceflary to be produced, as well by the Perfon or Pcrfons claiming fuch Debt, as by the Prifoner againft whom the fame (hall be olaimed, or his or her Affignee or Affignees, and to examine all fuch Perfons and their Witnefles on Oath, as the nature of the cafe may require, and to take all other Meafures neceflary for the doe Inveftigation of fuch Claim ; and the Decifion of the faid Court upon fuch Claim (hall be concluflvc with refpcdf tetany Dividend of the Effects of fuch Prifoner under the ProviJions of this A (ft.

XX.	And

 L,ooQle

A.D.iSi3*	53® GEO* lit	C.iol«

XX.	And be it forthtr ena&ed, That in cafe the Prifoner fo difcharged, or any of hit or her Creditors, agaioft whom he or (he ihaU have obtained fuch Difcharge, (hall be diflatiafied with the Account of any Affigaee or Amgnees, rendered upon Oath as aforefaid, or in cafe any fuch Affignee or Aflignees (hall negle& to render fuch Account, or (hall negled to difpofe of the Property or collect the Effe&s of fuch Prifoner, or (hall in any Manner wafte or mifmanage the Eftate or Effe&s of fuch Prifoner, or negledt to make a due Diftribution thtreof, it (hall be lawful for fuch Court,

rthe Application of fuch Prifoner, or of any fuch Creditor as faid, to reouire fuch Affignee or Aflignees to render fuch Account on Oatn as direded by this A&, if not before rendered,

• and to examine any Account fo rendered, and to enquire into any Wafte, Mifmanagemeni or Negled of the Eftate or Effe&s of fucn Prifoner, and dired a proper Adminiftration thereof, and afcertaia the Produce of fuch Eftate and Efie&s to be divided araongft the Creditors of fuch Prifoner, and dire A the Diftribution thereof accordingly, and to require and compel the Produ&ion of all Books, Papers and Writings neceflary for fuch Purpofes, and to examine aU Parties and their Witnefles on Oath, as the cafe may require, and to take all fuch Meafures as (hall be neceflary for the compelling the rendering of fuch Account and the due Inveftigation thereof, and the proper Difpofition and Diftribution of the Efieds of fuch Prifoner according to this Ad, and to award Cofts again ft any of the Parties, as Juftice (hall require; and the Decifions ot the (aid Court upon all fuch Matters (hall be final and conclufive.

XXI.	And be it futher ena&ed, That all and every Creditor and Creditors of any Prifoner who (hall be difcharged by virtue of this Ad for any Sum or Sums of Money payable by way of Annuity or otherwife, at any future time or times, by virtue of any Bona, Covenant or other Security of any nature whatfoever, (hall be entitled to be admitted a Creditor or Creditors, and to receive a Dividend or Dividends of the Eftate of fuch Prifoner, in fuch manner, and upon fuch Terms and Conditions as fuch Creditor or Creditors would have been entitled unto fuch Dividends by the Laws now in force, if fuch Prifoner had become Bankrupt, and without Prejudice in future to their refpe&ive Securities, otherwife than as the fame would have been affc&ed by Proof made in reiped thereof by the Creditor under a Commiffion of Bankrupt, and a Certificate obtained by the Bankrupt under fuch Commiffion, but fubje& neverthelefs to the Terms of the Engagement of fuch Prifoner for future Payment of his or her Debts, in cafe fuch Prifouer (hould become able to pay the fame as hereinbefore dire&ed.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That from the Date of any fuch Order of Difcharge as aforefaid, all Intereft on any Debt bearing Intereft of the Prifoner fo difcharged, (hall ceafe, and (hall not be computed in the Amount of fuch Debt in the Diftribution of the Eftate and Effects of fuch Prifoner under the Authority of this A&, but if it (hall appear to the Satisfaction of the faid Court that (uch Eftate and Effects alone or together with the future Eftate and Effe£b of fuch Prifoner, are not only fufficient for Payment of the Principal of all the Debts of fuch Prifoner payable thereout under the Authority of this A6t, together with all other Debts of fuch Prifoner) and to afford fuch Prifoner competent means of future Subfiftcncc/

C c 3	but

$*7

Court to compel Aflignees to give a fatisfadory Account of Ef-feds of Prifonexw

Hooks, kc. |*o-duced.

Creditors for Annuities, kc. entitled to Divi* dends in fuch manner as if Prifoner had b*, come ftaokaupt kc.

Intfcreft on Debts of Prifoner to ceafe, unlefs his Effeds are fufficient to bear it.

 CjOOQle

C. 102.

393

AHTignees not to commence any Suit without Content of Creditors.

Officer of Court to produce its Proceedings when required.

Copy, Evidence.

MortgaSes>&c*

on Klt.i e of prifoner not to be affefted, &c.

53* GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

but are fo confiderable at to render it fit that Intereft ftiould be allowed

on Debts of fuch Prifoner bearing Intereft from any Period after the Date of fuch Order of Difcharge, it (hall be lawful for the (aid Court to order fuch Intereft to be paid accordingly, and to fix the time from which fuch Intereft (hall be computed, having regard always to the unproductive State of the Effefts of fuch Prifoner during the Ad« miniftration thereof, under the Authority of this Aft.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted. That no Suit in Law or Equity (hall be commenced by any Affignee or Affignees of any fuch Prisoner's Eftate and Effefts without the Confent of the major Part in Value of the Creditors of fuch Prifoner, who (hall meet together purfuant to a Notice for that Purpofe, to be given at leaft Ten Days before fuch Meeting, in the London Gaxettc, or other Newfpaper, as hereinbefore required, previous to the Sale of any Eftate of fuch Prifoner.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted, That the proper Officer of the Court to be eftablifhed by virtue of this Aft (hall, on the reafouable Requeft of fuch Prifoner, or of any Creditor or Creditors of fuch Prifoner, or his, her or their Attorney, produce and (hew to fuch Prifoner, Creditor or Creditors, or his, her or their Attorney, at fuch times as the faid Court (hall direft, fuch Petition, Schedule, Oath, Order and Judgment, and all other Orders and Proceedings made and had in fuch Matter; and that a true Copy of every fuch Petition, Schedule, Oath, Order, Judgment and other Proceedings, (igned by the Officer in whofe Cuftody the fame (hall be, or his Deputy, certifying the fame to be a true Copy of fuch Petition, Schedule, Order, Judgment or other Proceeding, as the cafe may be, without being written on damped Paper, (hall at all times be admitted in all Courts whatever, as legal Evidence of the fame refpeftively.

XXV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted. That nothing in this Aft (hall extend or be conftrued to prevent any Mortgage, Charge or Lien, upon the Eftate of fuch Prifoner, or any Part thereof, made prior to the Difcharge of fuch Prifoner by virtue of this Aft, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Perfonal Eftate and £fFefts comprifed in or charged or affefted by fuch Mortgage, Charge or Lien refpeftively, nor to prevent any Statute Staple, Statute Merchant, Recognizance or Judgment acknowledged by or obtained agaiuft any fuch Prifoner, prior to fuch Difcharge, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements or Real Eliates of fuch Prifoner, and alfo where any Inquifition (hall have been taken upon any Statute or Recognizance, or any Writ or Execution (hall have been taken out and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer upon any fuch Judgment, before fuch Prifooer (hall have obtained his or her Difcharge as aforefaid, the Perfonal Eftate of fuch Prifoner (hall be fubjeft thereto, for fo much as (hall remain due upon fuch Statute, Recognizance or Judgment re* fpeftively, in like manner as the fame would have been fubjeft refpeftively, if this Aft had not been made; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

4 XXVI. And whereas a Prifoner who may be entitled to aod • claim the Benefit of this Aft, may be feiled and pofleffed of or 4 entitled to Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to hold to fuch 4 Prifoner for the Term of his or her Life, or other limited Eftate,

« with Power of granting Leafej either at Rack Rents, or taking

4 Fines





A.D.i8i3*

53* GEO. in.

C.ro*.	3$	l

*	Frees and referving fmall Rents for One, Two or Three Lives, in

*	Poflefiion or Reverfion, or for fome Number of Years determinable

*	upon Life or Lives, or for Years abfolute, or may have Powers

*	over Real or Perfonal Eft ate, which fuch Prifoner could execute

*	for his or her own Advantage, and which faid Powers ought to be 1 executed for the Benefit of the Creditors of fuch PrifonerBe it

therefore enafted by the Authority aforefaid, That in every fuch cafe Power of leafing

all and every the rowers of Leafing, and all fuch other Powers as

aforefaid, over Real or Perfonal Eft ate, which are or (hall be vefted i^^n^ees^

in any fuch Prifoner as aforefaid, (hall be and are hereby vefted in the Benefit'd Cre-

Affignee or Aflignees of the Real and Perfonal Eftateof fuch Prifoner ditori.

by virtue of this Aft, to be by fuch Aflignee or Aflignees executed

for the Benefit of all and every the Creditors of fuch Prifoner as

aforefaid.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing Pa? Officer or in this Adi contained (hall extend to entitle the Aflignee or Aflignees pCOI1Ie ,nyf of the Eft ate and Effefts of any Prifoner being an Officer of the fetf^^butA-Army or Navy, or beneficed Clergyman of Curate, to the Pay of fignee* may ob-fuch Officer, or the Income of any Benefice or Curacy, for the tain ■Sequeftw-Purpofcs of this Adi: Provided always, neverthelefs, that it (hall be ft00 Profits of lawful for fuch Aflignee or Aflignees to	for	and	obtain	a	fuch Benefice.

Sequeftration of the Profits of any fuch Bei , for the Payment of the Debts of any fuch Clergyman, againft which fuch Clergyman (hall have obtained a Difcharge by virtue of this Adi; and the Order for fuch Difcharge (hall be a fufficient Warrant for the granting of fuch Sequeftration, without any Writ or other Proceeding to authorize the fame; and fuch Sequeftration (hall accordingly be lflued as the fame might have been ifiued upon any Writ of Levari Facias founded upon any Judgment againft fuch Clergyman: Pro* vided alfo, that it (hall be lawful for the faid Court to order fuch Portion of the Pay or Half Pay of any fuch Officer of the Army or Navy, as on Communication from the faid Court to the Secretary at War, or the Lords Commiflioners of the Admiralty or their Secretary, he or they may refpeftively confent to by Writing under the Hand of the faid *Secretary at War, or the Lords Commiflioners or Secretary of the Admiralty, to be applied in Payment of his Debts, and for that Purpofe to be paid to bis Aflignee or Aflignees, and fuch Order and Confent being lodged in the Office of the Paymafter of His Majefty’s Forces, or of the Treafurer of the Navy, as the cafe (hall require, fuch Paymafter or Treafurer (hall give Direftions accordingly, and fuch Proportion of the Pay or Half Pay of fHch Officer as (hall be fpecified in fuch Order and Confent (hall be paid to his Aflignee or Aflignees, until the faid Court (hall make Order to the contrary.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Prifoner who Perjury.

(hall apply for his or her Difcharge under the Provifions of this Aft,

or any other perfon taking an Oath under the Provifions of this Aft,

(hail wilfully forfwear and perjure himfelf or herfelf in any Oath to be taken finder this Aft, and (hall be lawfully convifted thereof, he or (he fo offending (hall fuffer fuch Puni(hment as by Law may be inflifted on Perfons convifted of wilfnl and corrupt Perjury.

XXIX.	And be it further cnafted, That no Prifoner who (hall Prifoner dik have obtained his or her Difcharere bv virtue of this Aft. (hall at anv «h**g«<* no* to

 LjOOQle

//

Priloncr not to he difcharged of anv Debtincurr

Difcharge.

be imprifoned by reafon of any Judgment or Decree obtained for Payment of Money only, or for any Debt, Damages, .Contempt for Non payment of Money, Cods or Sums of Money controlled, incurred, occafioned, owing or growing due, with relpett to which fuch Difcharge (hall have been obtained, but that upon every Aired upon any fuch Judgment or Decree* or for any fuch Debt, Datnage, Jj . c^C . Contempt, Cods, Sum and Sums of Money, it (hall and may be lawful for any Judge of the Court from which any fuch Procefs (hall have iflued, upon (hewing to fuch Judge the Copy of the Order for fuch Difcharge as aforcfaid, and upon Affidavit that fuch Difcharge dill remains in force, to releafe from Cudody fuch Prifoner as aforefaid; and at the fame time, if fuch Judge (hall in his Difcretion think fit, to order the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in fuch Suit or Suits, or other Perfon or Perfons fuing out fuch Procefs, to pay fuch Prifoner the Cods which he or ihe (hall have incurred on fuch Occafion, or fo much thereof as to fuch Judge (hall fecra iud and reasonable, fuch Prifoner cauling a common Appearance to be entered for him or her in the Adion or Suit for any luch Debt as aforefaid.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no Prifoner (hall be difcharged by virtue of this Ad, of any Debt or other Matter accrued or incurred fubfequent to the Application of Application for^ Pr^oner to difcharged ; and if it (hall appear to the Court to be edabliffied by virtue of this Ad, that any Prifoner applying to be difcharged as aforefaid, dands charged iu Cudody with any Debt or other Matter accrued or incurred fubfequent as well as previous to fuch Application, then and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Court to difcharge the Perfon of fuch Prifoner only from fuch Debts or other Matters as had accrued or been incurred previous to fuch Application, and to remand him or her back to the Cudody of the Keeper of the Prifon from whence he or (he was brought, for all Debts and other Matters for which be or (he (hall dand charged, and which (hall have accrued or been incurred fubfequent to fuch Application.

General Iffuc. XXXI. And be it further enaded, That if any Adion of Efcape, or any Suit or Adion be brought againft any Judge, Judice of the Peace, Sheriff, Gaoler or Keeper of any Prifon, or other Perfon, for performing the Duty of his Office, in purfuance of this Ad, fuch Judge, Judice, Sheriff, Gaoler or Keeper, or other Perfon may plead tne General I flue, and give this Ad m Evidence; and if the Plaintiff be nonfuited or difeontinue his or her Adion, or Verdid (hall pafs againd him or her, or Judgment (hould be had Treble Cofti. upon Demurrer, the Defendant (hall have Treble Cods.

Aftion againft XXXII. And be it further enaded, That if any Scire Facias, or Prifoner dif- A6lion of Debt, or upon Judgment or any other Suit or Adion (hall charged, how de- be brought againd any Prifoner, his or her Heirs, Executors or Ad-mini lirators, upon any Judgment obtained againd any fuch Prifoner, or any Statute or Recognizance acknowledged by him or her, or any other Caufe of Adion from which fuch Prifoner (hall have obtained his or her Difcharge, by virtue of this Ad, except tinder the Order of Court to be edabli(hcd by virtue of this Ad, it (hall and may be lawful for any fuch Prifoner, his or her Heirs, Executors or Adminidrators, to plead generally that fuch Prifoner was duly difcharged from fuch Debt or Demand, according to this Ad, by the Order by which fuch Difcharge (hall have been obtained, and

that



a





C. 10-2.

A.D.1I13. *	53°	GEO.	IIL

391

tbit fueh Difcharge remains in force, without pleading any other Matter fpecially, whereto the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall or may reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforefaid, or reply any other Matter or Thing which may (hew the Defendant or Defendants not to be entitled to the Benefit of this Ad,* or that fuch Prifoner was not duly difeharged according to the Provifions of this Ad, in the fame manner as tne Plaintiff or Plaintiffs might have replied, in cafe the Defendant or Defendants had pleaded this Ad, and his Difcharge by virtue of this Ad fpecially; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs be nonfuited, difeontinue his or her Adion, or Verdid pafs againft him, her or them, or Judgment (hall be had on Demurrer, the Defendant or Defendants (hall have Double Cods.	Double	Cofts.

XXXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That in Prifoner wan-

cafe it (hall appear to the Satisfadion of the Court to be eftablifhed tonly wafting Ef-by virtue of this Ad, that any Prifoner who (hall apply for a l>if- fc^sin.^,on» , charge by virtue of this Ad, nas wantonly wafted his or her Eftate	A*

or Effeds whilft in Prifon, or fraudulently difpofed thereof, or any	*	.

Part thereof, with Intent to deprive his or her juft Creditors of the

Benefit thereof; or has wilfully remained in Prilon, although entitled to be difeharged therefrom by virtue of this Ad, or otherwife with Intent to conlume his or her Property in Prifon, in dead of applying the lame to the Difcharge of his or her juft Debts, fnch rrifoner (hall not be entitled to the Benefit of this Ad, unlefs on fpecial Circumftaoces the faid Court (hall think fit to grant fuch Difcharge.

XXXIV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That nothing Attornies, Serin this Ad contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to releale vants, &c. em-or difcharge any Attorney at Law, Solicitor, or any other Perfon be**bnS Money, ading or pretending to ad as fuch with regard to any Debt or De- i2n2tofAft mand for any Money or other Effeds recovered or received by him for ul^s Creditor* the Ufe of any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Corporate or Politic, and confem, or Pri-by any fuch Attorney, Solicitor or other Perfon ading as fuch, em- fonerconfined, hezzled, concealed or converted to his own Ufe ; or to releafe or to Ten Yetrl* difcharge any Servant or other Perfon employed or entrufted as fuch,

with regard to any Debt or Demand for or on account of any Money, Goods or other Effeds received or poffeffed by him or her for the Ufe and Account of his or her Matter or Mafters, or Employer or Employers, and by fuch Servant or other Perfon fo embezzled, concealed or converted to his or her own Ufe ; or to releafe or difcharge any Perfon with regard to any Debt or Demand arifing from or created by any Breach of Truft or Confidence 5 any thing iierein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding 5 unlefs the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Debt or Demand (hall be due or owing (hall confent to the Difcharge of fuch Prifoner by virtue of this Ad, or unlefs fuch Prifoner (hall have been confined in Prifon for fuch Debt or Demand for the Space of Ten Years before the time when fuch Prifoner (hall apply for his or her Difcharge by virtue of this Ad.

XXXV.	Provided alfo, and be h further enaded, That no No Prifoner o&-Prifoner who knowingly and defignedly, by falfe Pretence or Pre- tainmS Credit by tencet, or under any fiditious Name or Names, affumed for the

Purpofes of obtaining Credit or by any other fraudulent means (hall	fable1to be

have obtained from any Perfon or Perfons Money, Goods, Wares, diftramedfor Merchandizes, Bonds, Bills of Exchange, Promiffory Notes, or Rent, entitled to bther Securities for Money, or other Effeds; or who fhall have Benefit of Ad,

contra6ted

 C^ooQle

C. 102.

unlefs Creditors -confent, or Pri-foner confined 'five Yean.

Prifoner fuffcr-

tng Aiil to be charged.

PrUboer charged in Executioo for Dimagevreco-vered in certain Adiom, not entitled to Dif-charge without Confent of Period injured, or unlefs coofined Five Yean.

Bankrupt who Butt not have obtained his Certificate, icc.

Prifoner affign-iog ElUtt after Imprifbnment, Co that Creditors cannot have Benefit thereof, to lofe Benefit of Aft.

53® GEO. III.	*	A.D.iSij-

controlled inj Debt by fraudulently obtaining falfe Credit or by any other fraudulent means, or who (hall have Fraudulently removed or caufe to have been removed any Stock, Cattle, Goods or Effefta of the Value of Thirty Pounds or upwards, which were fubpeH or liable to be diftrained by his or her Landlord or Landlords for any' Rent or Rents, whereby fuch Landlord or Landlords (hall have loft all or fome Part of fuch Rent or Rents, (hall have any Discharge by or under this AH, from the Debt or Demand arifing from or re-maining due in coufequcnce of fuch fraudulent Conduct; unlefs the Perfou or Perfons who (hall be entitled to fuch Debt or Demand (hall confeut to the Discharge of fuch Prifoner by virtue of Urn-AH, or fuch Prifoner (hall have been confined in Prifon for fuch Debt or Demand for the Space of Five Years before the thne when fuch Prifoner (hall apply for his or her Difcharge by virtue of this AH.

XXXVI.	Provided alfo, and be it further en&Hed, That no Prifoner who (hall have fuffered auy Perfon, who has become Bail or Surety for fuch Prifoner, to be charged in refpeH of fuch Bail or Surety, (hall be difeharged by virtue of this AH from any Debt or Demand arifing on fuen Account, without the Confent of the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Debt or Demand.

XXXVII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaHed, That no Prifoner who (hall be charged in Execution for Damages recovered in any AHion for Criminal Conversation with the Wife of the Plaintiff in fuch AHion, or in any AHion for feducing or carnally knowing the Daughter or Female Servaut of the Plaintiff in fuch AHion, or in any AHion for a Malicious Profecution, or in any AHion for any other Malicious Injury, (hall have any Difcharge from fuch Debt or Damages under this AH, unlefs the Perfon or Perfons entitled to the Benefit of fuch Debt or Damages (hall confent to the Difcharge of fuch Prifoner by virtue of this AH $ or unlefs fuch Prifoner (hall have been confined in Prifon, for fuch Debt or Damage, for the Space of Five Years before the time when fuch Prifoner (hall apply for his or her Difcharge under this AH.

XXXVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaHed, That no Prifoner again (I whom any Commifiion of Bankrupt (hall hate iffoed and (hall remain in force, and who (hall not have obtained a Certificate of his or her Conformity to the Several Statutes concerning Bankrupts under fuch Commifiion, (hall be entitled to be difehatged by virtue of this AH from any Debt for which fuch Prifoner (hall be detained in Cuftody, and which might have been proved under fuch Commifiion, unlefs fuch Prifoner (hall have been fo detained in Prifon for the Space of Five Years before the time when fucb Prifoner (hall apply for his or her Difcharge under this AH.

XXXIX.	And whereas Debtors may, with a view to defraud their Creditors, fell, transfer, convey or affign their Eftate mid EffeHs, or fome Part thereof, but it may be difficult to prove that fuch Sale or Transfer, Conveyance or Affignment, was made with a fraudulent Defign ; Be it enaHed, That whenever it (hall be proved by one or more credible Witnefs or Witnefies, or by the Confeffion of any Prifoner, who (hall apply for his or her Difcharge by virtue of this AH, that fuch Prifoner has, fince the time of con trading any Debt of or from which he or (he (hall fo Seek to be difeharged, fold, transferred, conveyed or afiigned to any Perfon or Perfons all

or



AJti8i3»

53* GEO. UI.

C. 102.

195

or any Part of hit Eftate or Effeds fubfequent to the tine of his Imprifonment, without juft Caufc for fo doing (to be determined by the Court to be eftabh(hed by virtue of this Ad), and fuch Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Aifignment, (hall remain in force, fo that the Creditors of fuch Prifoner cannot have the Benefit of fuch Eftate or Effeds under this Ad, without Suit at Law or Equity, every fuch Prifoner (hall lofe all the Benefit and Advantage that he or (he might otherwife have claimed under the Authority of this Ad, unlefs all the Creditors of fuch Prifoner againft whom fuch Prifoner (hall feek to be difcharged by virtue of this Ad will confent to fuch Dif-

. And whereas many Prifoners Squander their Property by 4 playing at Cards, Dice, and other unlawful Games whilft in Prifon,

4 to the great Injury of their Creditors;* Be it enaded, That Prifonerlofinj

nothing in this Ad (hall extend or be couftrued to extend to dif- ^on.ejr

charge or releafe any Prifoner who hath or (hall have loft, fince hsv™BenSt^Sf

the time of his. or her Commitment to Prifon for any Debt with A£t, unkfr with

which he or (he (hall (land charged at the time when Application Confent of Cre->

(hall be made for his or her Difcharge by virtue of this Ad, the ditor*> or coo-

Sum or Value of Ten Pounds in any One Day, or Fifty Pounds in	Yeaf*

the whole, fince fuch Commitment as aforefaid, in playing at or

with Cards, Dice, Tables, Tennis, Bowls, Billiards, or any other

Game or Games whatfoever, or in or by bearing a Share or Part in

the Stakes, Wagers or Adventures, or in or by betting on the Sides

or Hands of fuch as do play as aforefaid, unlefs all the Creditors of

fuch Prifoner againft whom fuch Prifoner (hall feek to be difcharged

by virtue of this Ad (hall confent to fuch Difcharge, or unlefs fuch

Prifoner (hall have been confined in Prifon for the Space of Five

Years at the lead, fince the time when any fuch Money was jfo loft as

aforefaid.

XLI. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded. That if any Prifoner who Prifoner ieeking the Benefit of this Ad, (hall appear to the Court to ^ h,ve whom Application (hall be made for fuch Purpofe, to have made, Eftat* toTruft within Five Years before the Application of luch Prifoner to be for particular difcharged by virtue of this Ad, any Conveyance pr Aifignment of Creditors not to all or any Part of his or her Eftate or Effeds in Truft or otherwife havt Bandit of for the Benefit of any particular Creditor or Creditors, with Intent to give an undue Preference to fuch Creditor or Creditors, and after-wards to obtain a Difcharge from the Demands of any other Creditor or Creditors by virtue of this Ad, fuch Prifoner (hall have no Benefit of this Ad, unlefs fuch Perfon or Perfons for whofe Benefit any fuch Conveyance or Alignment (hall have been made (ball firft relinquifh the fame; and all fuch Eftate and Effeds (hall bo conveyed or delivered to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the Court (hall dired, for the Benefit of all the Creditors of fuch Prifoner under the Provifions of this Ad ; or unlefs all the Creditors againft whom fuch Difcharge (hall be fought (hall confent thereto.

4 XLII. And whereas the Eftates both Real and Perfonal of any 4 Prifoner who may be difcharged by virtue of this Ad may not be 4 fufficiently described or difeovered in the Schedule before direded 4 to be delivered upon Oath by fuch Prifoner, or the A(fiftance of 4 fuch Prifoner may be neceffary to adjuft, make out, recover or 4 manage his Eftate or Effeds for the Benefit of his or her Creditors f Be it therefore enaded by the Authority aforefaid, That it (hall and

may





Affignees may apply to the Court to have Prifoner who 1ms obtained hit Difeharge, further examined.

Imprifoinnent.

Affignees, with Consent of Major ity of Creditors, may take Compofition from Debtors of Prifoner.

isav be lawful to and for the Affignee and Affignee* of the State and Effects of any fuch Prifoner who fhall obtain nia or her difeharge in purfuance of this Ad, from time to time to apply to the Court to be eftablifhed by virtue of ibis Ad, that fuch Piifoner may be further examined as to any Matters or Things relating to hit or her Eftate and Effeds, either by fuch Court, or by any Juftice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Divifion or Place where fuch Prifoner fhall then refide ; and if fuch Court fhall dired any fuch Examination before any fuch Juftice, fuch Juftice (hall fend for- or call before him fuch Prifoner, by fuch Warrant, Summons, Ways or Means as he fhall think fit; and if fuch Prifoner (hall appear before fuch Juftice, fuch Juftice fhall examine him or her upon Oath, or otherwife, as to fuch Matters and Things as fuch Affignee or Affignees fhaD defire relating to the Eftate and Effeds of fuch Prifoner ; and if any fuch Priloner, on Payment or Tender of Payment of fuch rea-fonable Charges as fuch Juftice fhall judge fufneient, fhall negled or refufe to appear before fuch Juftice, not having a lawful Excufe allowed by fuch Juftice, or, being come before fuch Juftice, (hall refufe to be fwora or to anfwer luch Queftions as by fuch Juftice fhall be put to him or her, relating to the Difcovery of his or her Eftate and Effeds veiled or intended to be veiled in fuch Affignee or Affignees as aforefaid, as required by the Order of the faid Court, fuch Juftice fhall certify fuch Default to the faid Court, and there-upon, and alfo in cafe fuch Prifoner fhall negled or refufe to appear before fuch Court to be examined by fuch Court, if the Court fhall think fit fo to order, or, appearing before fuch Court, (hall refufe to be fwom, or to anfwer fuch Queftions as fhall be put to him or her relating to the Difcovery of bis or her faid Eftate or Effeds, thca and in any of fuch cafes it fhall be lawful for the Commiffioner of fuch Court, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit fucb Prifoner fo offending to the Common Gaol of any County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until fuch time as he or (he fhall fubmit himfelf or herfelf to fuch Commiffioner, and anfwer upon Oath or otherwife as (hall be required, to all fuch lawful Queftions as fhall by fuch Commiffioner be put or ordered to be put to him or her for the Purpofes aforefaid.

XLIII. And be it further enaded,Tkat it fhall and may be lawful at all times hereafter, for any Affignee or Affignees of the Eftate and * Effeds of any Prifoner difeharged by virtue of this Ad, by and with the Confent of the major Part in value of the Creditors of fuch Prifoner who fhall be prefent at a Meeting to be had on Twenty one Days’ Notice being previouffy given for the Purpofe in the London Ganttte, if the Prifoner was in Cuflody in London> or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, at the time of his or her Difeharge, and if not, then in fome Newfpaper which fhall be publifhed and circulated in the County, Citv or Place in or near which fuch Prifoner (ball have been fo in Cunody, to make Compofition with any Perfon who fhall be a Debtor or Accountant to fuch Prifoner, where a Compo-fition fhall appear neceffary or reafonable, and to take fuch reafooaoJc Part of any Debt due to luch Prifoner as can upon any fuch Compo-fition be gotten, in full Difeharge of fuch Debt, and alfo to fubmit to Arbitration, any Difference or Difpute between fuch Affignee or Affignees, and any Perfon or Perfons, for or on account or by retfon of any Matter, Caufe or Thing, relative to the Eftate or Effeds oI

14	fuch







syGHtxm.

ClC2.

397

filch Prifoner; mh! evefry fach Affignee or Affignee* is or are hereby	'

indemnified for what hey file or they fhall fairly do in the Premifes, in tauoe of this Ad.

V. And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid. That Court may hear it JhaH and may be lawful to and for the faid Court to be eftabliflied by Complaint* virtue of this Ad, from time to time, upon the Petition of any *e»'»ftAffignees, Prifoner, or of any Creditor or Creditors of foch Prifoner, com-	r#roove

plaining of any Inefficiency, Fraud or Mifcondo&of any Affignee or Afiignees of the Eftate ano Effeds of fuch Prifoner, to furaraon all Parties concerned, and upon hearing the Parties concerned, to make and give fuch Orders and Dircdions therein, either for the Removal of fuch Affignee or Afiignees and appointmg any new Affignee or Afiignees in the Place of fuch Affignee or Afiignees fo to be removed, and for the prudent, juft aad equitable Management and Diftribu-tron of the Eftate and Effeds of any fuch Prifoner for the Benefit of his or her Creditors, as the faid Court fhall think fit; and in cafe of the Removal of any Affignee or Afiignees, and the appointing of any new Affignee or Afiignees, the Eftate and Effe&s of fuch Prifoner fhall from thenceforth be divefted out of the Affignee or Afiignees fo removed, and be veiled in and delivered over to fuch new Affignee or Afiignees, in the fame manner, and for the fame Intents and Purpofes as the fame were before veiled in the Affignee or Afiignees firft appointed ; any thing in this Ad contained to the contrary notwithftandmg.

XLV. And be it further enaded, That in cafe of the Death or In cafe Death Incapacity of any Affignee of the Eftate and Effeds of any Prifoner or ^capacity of difeharged by virtue of this Ad, or in cafe any Affignee fhall be un- A®#1®** ?■" willing to Act as Affignee, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any ot eraPP°,nte * Creditor of fuch Prifoner to apply to the (aid Court to appoint a new Affignee or Afiignees, with like Powers and Authorities as are given by this Ad to the original Affignee or Afiignees ; and the laid Court fhall have Power to appoint fuch new Affignee or Afiignees, and to oblige any Affignee who fhall be removed, and the Hcifs, Executors, Adminiflrators and Affigns of any deceafed Affignee, to account for and deliver up all luch Eftate and Effeds,

Books, Papers, Writings, Deeds, and all other Evidences relating thereto, as mall remain in his, her or their Hands, to be applied for the Purpofes of this Ad ; and the Decifioo of the faid Court there* upon fhall be final and concluiive.

XLVI. And be it further enaded. That in qafe any Affignee Affigneet,ftc. or Afiignees of the Eftate and Effeds of any Prifoner difeharged not paying over by virtue of this Ad, or the Heirs, Executors or Adminiflrators of any deceafed Affignee or Afiignees, fhall not deliver over any Part of fuch Eftate or Effeds, or pay the Balance of the Produce againft. of any fuch Eftate or Effeds found to be in the Hands of fuch deceafed Affignee or Afiignees, or of fuch Heirs, Executors .or Ad-miniftrators as aforefaid, according to the Order of the faid Court, it fhall be lawful for the faid Court, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the faid Commiffioner, direded to the proper Officer of the faid Court to be appointed for that Purpofe, to order the Perfoa or Perfons difobeying fuch Order to be arrefted, and committed to Imprifenment. the next County Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize,

Until fuch Perfon or Perfons fliall have obeyed fuch Order, and paid all fuch Colls as the faid Court fhall award to hp paid in refpe£ thereof, or until fuch Court fhall make other. Order to the contrary.

* XLVII.



Committed for Contempt of Courts, in not peering Cofts, foe. entitled to Benefit of AW.

Affirmation of Quaker taken.

Peijury.

Proceedings in Court may be amended.

Perfects taking Benefit of InfoK vent A 6* within Five Years, not entitled to Relief.

Crown Debtors, or Perfons committed for Offences again ft Revenue, not entitled to Benefit of Ad.

C.102.	53°	GEO. III.	A*D.i8i3«

• XLVII. And whereas Perfons are often committed by the 1 Courts of Law and Equity for Contempts in not payiog Money

*	ordered or awarded to be paid, and alfo for not paying of Cofts duly

*	and regularly taxed and awwed by the proper Officer, after proper ' Demands made for that Purpofe, and aifo upon the Writ De Ex-€ communicato capiendo, or other Procefs, for or grounded on the Noo

*	payment of Money, Cofts or Expences, in fome Caufe or Proceed-

*	ing in fome Eccleiiaftical Court, or for Contempt of fuch Court by

*	Non payment of Money, Cofts or Expences Be it further enaded, That all fuch Perfons fo committed (hall be entitled tQ the Benefit of this Ad, on and fubjed to the fame Terms, Conditions and Reftric-tions, as are herein exprefled and declared with refped to Prifoners for Debt only.

XLVIII. And be it further enaded, That in all cafes wherein by this Ad an Oath id required, the folemn Affirmation of any Perfon being a Quaker (hall and may be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every Perfon making fuch Affirmation, who (hall be convi&ed of wilful falfe Affirmation, (hall incur and fuller fuch and the fame Penalties as are inflicted and impofed upon Perfons convided of wilful and corrupt Penury.

XLIX. Ana whereas Prifoners claiming the Benefit of this Ad may be liable to be deprived of fuch Benefit on account of mere 1 Matters of Form, or Errors or Omiffions in their Petitions, Schedules or other Proceedings direded by this Ad; Be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Court to be rftablifhed by virtue of this Ad, to amend Matters of Form, and to fupply Omiffions, or to corred Errors in the Petition, Schedule or other Proceedings direded by this Ad, in cafe the fame (hall appear to the faid Court to have arilen from Ignorance, Miftake or Inadvertency, and not to have been wilful ana fraudulent; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

L. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no Perfon who (hall have taken the Benefit of any Ad heretofore paffed for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors (hall have the Benefit of this Ad, or be deemed to be within the Intent and Meaning thereof, fo as to be dif-charged under the fame, until the Expiration of the Term of Five Years from the time of fuch former Difcharge ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding ; unlefs from fpecial Circumftances the faid Court fhould be of Opinion that it would be juft and reafonable that fuch Prifoner fhould be again difeharged by virtue of this Ad.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enaded. That this Ad (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to difcharge any Prifoner feeking the Benefit of this Ad, with refped to any Debt or Penalty with which he or (be (hall (land charged at the Suit of the Crown, or of any Perfon for any Offence committed againft any Ad or Ads of Parliament relative to His Majefty’s Revenues of Cuftoms, Excife, Stamp or Salt Duties, or any of them, or any Branches of the faid Public Revenue, or at the Suit of any Sheriff or other Public Officer, upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearaoce of any Perfon profccuted for any Offence committed againft any Ad or Ads of Parliament relative to His Majefty’s faid Revenues of Cuftoms, Excite, Stamps or Salt Duties, or any other Branches of Public Revenue, unlefs Three of the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s 11	Treafury





C, 102.

35*

A.D.1813.	53*	GEO.	III.

Treafury for the time being (hall certify under their Hands their Confent to the Difcharge of fuch Prifoner, upon the Terms and Conditions prescribed by this Ad.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no Perfon Prifoner <fif-wlio (hall have been at any time difeharged by virtue of this Ad (hall charged, not en-again be entitled to the Benefit thereof within the Space of Five Years after fuch Difcharge, unlefs Three fourths in Number and Y>J*Unle(j Value of the Creditors againft whom fuch Perfon (hall feek to be dif- Debt* be necef. charged by virtue of this Ad (hall (ignify his, her or their Aflent to farily incurred, fuch Difcharge, or it (hall be made appear to the Satisfadion of the *c*

Court to be ettablilhed by virtue of this Ad, that fuch Perfon has lince his or her former Difcharge endeavoured by lnduftry and Frugality to pay all juft Demands upon him or her, and has incurred no unneceflary Expence, and that the Debts which fuch Perfon has incurred, fubfequent to foch former Difcharge, have been neceflarily incurred for the Maintenance of fuch Perfon, or bis or her Family, or that the Infblvency of fuch Perfon has arifen from Misfortune, or from Inability to acquire Subfiftence for himfelf or herfelf, and his or her Family, or from Debts incurred prior to fuch former Dif-ebarge, to which fuch Difcharge did not extend, or from Debts incurred fubfequent to fuch Difcharge in confcquence of Engagements entered into or Ads done prior to fuch Difcharge.

DHL Provided always, and be it further cnaded. That no Per- Foreigners.

Ion, not being a natural bom Subjed of this Realm, (hall have the Benefit of this Ad, except under fuch circumfiances, and on fuch Terms and Conditions, as to thefaid Court to be eftabliftied by virtue of this Ad (hall feem fit and reafonable; any thing in this Ad contained to the contrary not with (landing.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if aay Time allowed re Objedion (hall be made to the Difcharge of any Prifoner on the anfwerObjetfiou Ground of any Mifcondud of fuch Prifoner, and it (hall appear to the Difcharge faid Court that fuch Prifoner might not have been aware of fuch Ob- *™ooer* jedion fo as to be able to anfwertlie fame, fuch Court (hall allow fuch Prifoner fufficient time to anfwer fuch Objedion ; and (hall alfo, if neceffary, require fuch Objedion to be dated in Writing to fuch Prifoner, fo that fuch Prifoner may be fully apprized thereof.

LV. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That in cafe it Court empow«r-(hall appear to the Satisfadion of the faid Court, that any Mif- ed todifchaige condud which (hall be attributed to any Prifoner to prevent his nothwnthftindin* or her Difcharge, although ftridly within the Intent and Meaning GroundofMif. of this Ad, was neverthclefs attended with fuch circumftances, or conduct, the Injury thereby done was to fo fmall an Amount, that it may not be fit that fuch Prifoner (hould on that Account be deprived of the Benefit of this Ad, it (hall be lawful for the faid Court to difcharge fuch Prifoner, notwithftanding any Objedion founded 00 fuch Mifcondud, either in the fame manner as if fuch Objection had not been made, or on fuch further Terms and Conditions as to the faid Court (hall appear reafonable, in confequence of fuch Mifcondud: Provided alfo, that in cafe it (hall appear to the Satis- Debt comrade# fadion of the faid Court, that <my Debt con traded by any Pri- fraudulently net fbner feeking to be difeharged by virtue of this Ad, was ^b****1* contraded under any fraudulent Circumftances not fpecially provided for by this Ad, it (hall be lawful for the faid Court to except fuch Debt from the Difcharge to be granted to fuch

Prifoner,

/



<4°P

Prifonfrr. of union nd Miud.

I

V

C. iocu	530	GEO.	III.	AJX1813.

Prifoner, either abfolutely, or upon fuch Terms aod Conditions as to the faid Court (hall appear to be proper; and if fuch Prifoner {hall be in adual Cuftody for fuch Debt, it {hall be lawful for the faid Court to remand fuch Prifoner according to the Determination of the faid Court upon fuch Debt.

LVI. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon who (hall at any time be a Prifoner in any fuch Prifon as a fore faid, upon any fuch Procefs as aforefaid, (hall be or become of unfound Mind, and therefore incapable of taking the Benefit of this A6f in fuch manner as.he or (he might have done if of found Mind, the Gaoler or Keeper of fuch Prifon (hall forthwith require One or more Juftice or Ju&iors of the Peace for the County, Riding, Divifion or Place wherein fuch Prifon (hall be, to attend at the faid Prifon, and enquire into the State of Mind of fuch Prifoner; and thereupon, and alfo in cafe any fuch Juftice or Juftices (hall receive Information by other means that any fuch Prifoner is of unfound Mind as aforefaid, fuch Juftice or Juftices (hall go to the faid Prifon, and by his, her or their own View, and by Examination on Oath of fuch Perfon or Perfons as he or they (hall think fit to examine, (hall enquire into the State of Mind of fuch Prifoner ; and if it (hail appear to fuch Juf-tice or Juftices upon fuch Enquiry, that fuch Prifoner is of unfound Mind, and therefore incapable of taking the Benefit of this Ad in fuch manner as a Perfon of found Mind might do, fuch Juftice or Juftices (hall forthwith make a Record of the Fa&, and certify the fame to the Court to be eftabliflied by virtue of this Ad; aod thereupon it (hall be lawful for fuch Court, at the Inftanoe of any Perfon or Perfons on Behalf of fuch Prifoner, to order Notice to be inferted in the London Ga%ctU9 and in Two pr more public Newfpapers ufually circulated in the Neighbourhood of fuch Prifon, and in the Neighbourhood of the ufual Refidence of fuch Prifoner before he or (he was committed to fuch Prifon, as the faid Court (hall fee fit, and (hall in fuch Order fpecify and dire& that Application will be made to fuch Court for the Difcharge of fuch Prifoner, on a Day to be fpecified in fuch Order, being Twenty Days at the leaft from the Day of Publication of fuch One of focn Gazette and Newfpapers, containing fuch Notice as (hall be ki publ idled ; which Notice, together with Service of the like Notice on the Creditor or Creditors at whofe Suit fuch Prifoner (hall be detained in Cuftody, or his, her or their Attorney or Attomies is fuch Suit, (hall be deemed fufficient to authorize the faid Court to proceed to the Difcharge of fuch Prifoner, if otherwife entitled t# fuch Difcharge, according to the true Intent and Meaning of fuch Ad ; and fuch Court (hall proceed accordingly, and (hall difcharge .fuch Prifoner, in cafe it (hall appear that fuch Prifoner might have obtained his or her Difcharge under this Ad, if of found Mind ; and thereupon fuch Court (hall dired a Conveyance and Alignment to be made of the Eftate and Effcds of fuch Prifoner, and Engagement for the Payment of his or her Debts, according to the Pro-vifions of this Ad, to be executed by the Clerk of the faid Court in the Name and on the Behalf of luch Prifoner 5 which Convey, ance, Alignment and Engagement (hall be made accordingly, unlrii fuch Prifoner (hall have been found a Perfon of unfound Mind by Inquifition taken under a Commiflion in the Nature of a Writ Dt Lunatico inquirendo, in which cafe fuch Conveyance, Affigoment and

Engage.





C. 102*

401

A.D.1813.

53° GEO. III.

Engagement (hall be executed by the Committee or Committees of fuch Lunatic, in fuch manner as (hall be directed by the Lord Chancellory Lord Keeper or Lords Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, or fuch Perfon or Per-fons as (hall be authorized by the Royal Sign Manual to provide for the Care and Cuftody of the Perfons and Eftates of Perfons found Lunatic by iRquifition, and fucb Conveyance, Aflignmcnt and Engagement 10 made, (hall be fufficient to all Intents and Purpofes to veft the Property of fuch PrifOner in the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame (hall be direded by the faid Court to be conveyed and afiigned, and (hall bind fuch Prifoner, his or her Heirs, Executors and Adminiftrators, as fully and effectually as if-fuch Conveyance,

Affignment and Engagement refpedively had been duly executed by fuch Prifoner.

LVII. And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for Commiflioner of the Commiflioner of the Court to be eftabliftied by virtue- of this Court to appoint Ad, to appoint fuch and fo many Officers of fuch Court for carry- °®cerl* ing into Execution the Purpofes of this Ad, as the Lord Chancellor,

Lord Keeper, Lords Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, together with the Lord Chief Juftices of the King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and the Chief Baron of the Exchequer for the time being, (hall from time to time deem to be neceffary and expedient for fuch Purpofes; and fuch Court (hall be always open, and (hall be ordinarily holden in fome cqpyenient Place or Places in the Cities of London or Wcjlminjleri or in the County of Middlefex, within the Bills of Mortality.

LVIII. And be it further enaded, That One of the Judges C curt of Appesb of One of the Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer at JVeJlminJler, (hall be nominated and appointed by fuch Courts on the Firft Day of every Term after the palling of this Aft, to be a Judge of a Court of Appeal from the Court to be eftabliftied by virtue of this Ad ; and luch Court of Appeal (hall hear and determine all Appeals from any Orders of the Court to be eftablifhed by virtue <*f this Ad, except fuch Orders as are herein fpecially direded to be final and conclulive, and fuch Court of Appeal (hall have full Power to affirm, reverfe or alter any fuch Order, except as aforefaid, as to fuch Court of Appeal (hall feem juft and reasonable, with or without Cods; and the Decifions of fuch Court of Appeal (hall in Decifions final, all cafes be final and conclulive.

LIX. And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall continue in Continuance of force until the Firft Day of November in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament, and no longer.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That this Ad A£i rcpe:lt«l, or any Part thereof may be repealed or altered by any Ad or Ads to be made in this prefent Seffion of Parliament.

53Gto.HI.

D i

CAP.



4°*

C.103.

53'GEO. m.

A.D.1813.

.43 O. 3. c. 6y. Sch. A- tit. Licences.

cap. cm.

An AGt to authorize the CommifEoners to transfer Exeife Licences to the Executors or Adminiftrators of deceafed licenfed Traders, or to their SuccefTors, in theHoufes from which fuch licenfed Traders (hall have removed.

[10th July 1S13.]

4 TT T HE RE AS by an Aft made in the Forty third Year of the • W Reign of His prefent Majefly King George the Third, 4 intituled An AS to repeal the Duties of Exeife payable in Great 4 Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; certain Duties 4 of Exeife are impofed for and upon all Licences to be taken 4 out, according to the Laws in each cafe made and provided, by 4 every Common Brewer of Table Beer, not being a Common Brewer f of Strong Beer; every Common Brewer of Strong Beer; every 4 Maker of Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candles for Sale; every 4 Dealer in or Seller of Wax or Spermaceti Candles, not being 4 a Maker of fuch Candles; every Chandler or Maker of Candles 4 other than Wax or Spermaceti Candles for Sale ; every Perfon 4 trading in, vending or felling Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts or Cho* 4 colate; every Glais Maker; every Tanner; every Tawer 5 every 4 DrefTer of Hides and Skins in Oil; every Currier; every Maker 4 of Vellum or Parchment 5 every Malt (ter or Maker of Malt for 4 Sale ; every Maker of Metheglin or Mead for Sale 5 every Maker 4 of Paper or Palteboard ; every Paper Stainer; every Perfon 4 trading in, vending or felling any Gold or Silver Plate, or aoy 4 Goods or Wares in which any Quantity of Gold exceeding Two 4 Pennyweights, and under Two Ounces in Weight, or any Quantity 4 of Silver exceeding Five Pennyweights and under Thirty Ounces 4 in Weight, in any one feparate and diftin& Ware or Piece of 4 Goods, is or (hall be manufactured 5 every Perfon trading in, 4 vending or felling any Gold or Silver Plate, or any Goods or 4 Wares in which any Quantity of Gold of the Weight of Two 4 Ounces or upwards, or any Quantity of Silver of the Weight of 4 Thirty Ounces or upwards, in any one feparate and diftinft Ware 4 or Piece of Goods, is or (hall be manufactured ; every Pawnbroker 4 trading in, vending or felling Gold or Silver Plate, or Goods 4 or Wares in which any Quantity of Gold or Silver is or (hall be 4 manufactured or taken in, or delivering out Pawns of fuch Plate, 4 Goods or Wares; every Refiner of Gold or Silver; every Calico 4 Printer 5 every Printer, Painter or Stainer of Linens, Cottons or 4 Stuffs ; every Maker of Soap for Sale; every Difliller or Maker of 4 Low Wines or Spirits for Sale or for Exportation within that Part 4 of Great Britain called England; every ReCtifier of Spirits within 4 that Part of Great Britain called England; every Dealer in 4 Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, not 4 being a Retailer in any Part of Great Britain, or not being a 4 wholesale Seller of or Dealer in plain Aqua Vita only, diltilled 4 from Malt,* Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg or other Britijb 4 Materials, in that Part of Great Britain caUed Scotland; every 4 Perfon in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who (ball 4 by Wholefnlc fell or deal in Spirits made and dillilled from Malt, 4 Com, Barley, Beer, Bigg or other Britijb Materials, and com.

4 «only





A.D.i8i3*	530	GEO. HI.	C.	IC3*	403

4 monly called or known by the Name of Aqua Vita* in that Part of 4 the United Kingdom, not being a licenfed Diftiller, Redifier, Com-4 pounder or Retailer of Spirits, not being a Dealer in Brandy or 4 other Spirituous Liquors, duly licenced for that Purpofe in manner 4 above mentioned, for every fuch Licence to fell plain Aqua Vita 4 only by W holefale; every Retailer of diililled Spirituous Liquors 4 or Strong Waters in Great Britain, not being a Retailer of plain * Aqua Vita only, made or diflilled from Briti/b Materials in that 4 Part of Great Britain called Scotland; every Perfon who within 4 the Limits of any Royal Burgh, Burgh of Barony or Regality,

4 in any Part of Scotland, or in any Place in any other Part of 4 Scotland, other than within the Highlands of Scotland, limited 4 and deferibed in the Ads in that cafe made and provided, (hall 4 retail any Spirits made or diflilled from Malt, Com, Grain,

4 Barley, Beer, Bigg or other Briti/b Materials, and commonly called 4 or known by the Name of Aqua Vita, in that Part of the United 4 Kingdom, tor every fuch Licence to retail plain Aqua Vita only $

4 every Perfon who (hall retail fuch Spirits within the feveral 4 Counties and Diftri&s of the Highlands of Scotland\ the Royal 4 Burghs, Burghs of Barony or Regality therein, excepted; every 4 Starch Maker; every Maker of any Kind of Sweets or Made 4 Wines, other than Mead, for Sale ; every Retailer of Britijb~made 4 Wines or Sweets; every Manufadurer of Tobacco or Snuff 5 4 every Perfon who (hall firft become a Manufadurer of Tobacco 4 or Snuff, for every fuch Licence 5 every Dealer in or Seller of 4 Tobacco or Snuff within the Limits of the Chief Office of Lx-4 cife in London, or of the Chief Office of Excife in Edinburgh ;

4 every Dealer in or Seller of Tobacco or Snuff in any other Part 4 of Great Britain out of the faid Limits ; every Maker of Vinegar 4 for Sale 5 every Retailer of Foreign Wine in that Part of Great 4 Britain called England, who (hall not have an Excife Licence for 4 retailing diflilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, or a Li-4 cence for the retailing of Beer, Ale or other Excifeable Liquors;

4 every Retailer of Foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain 4 called England, who (hall have taken out a Licence for retailing 4 Beer, Ale and other Excifeable Liquors, but (hall not have an 4 Excife Licence for retailing diflilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong 4 Waters, for every fuch Licenae to retail Foreign Wine 5 every 4 Retailer of Foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain called 4 England, who (hall have an Excife Licence for retailing diililled 4 Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters; every Retailer of Foreign 4 Wine in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ who (hall 4 not have an Excife Licence for retailing diililled Spirituous Liquors 4 or Strong Waters, or a Licence for retailing Beer, Ale pr other 4 Excifeable Liquors; every Retailer of Foreign Wine in that Part 4 of Great Britain called Scotland\ who (hall have taken out a Licence 4 for retailing Beer, Ale or other Excifeable Liquors, but (hall not 4 have an Excife Licence for retailing diflilled Spirituous Liquors 4 or Strong Waters; every Retailer of Foreign Wine in that Part 4 of Great Britain called Scotland, who (hall have an Excife Licence 4 for retailing diflilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters; every 4 Wire Drawer or other Perfon who (nail draw or caufe to be drawn 4 any Gilt or Silver Wire, commonly called Big Wire in Great 4 Britain : And whereas by another Ad, made in the Fifty firff jx ©. 3. c.S>

D d 2	4	Year

y-



§9*

49 g 3- c.8i.

§*.

51 G. 3. c.69. $6.

Executors, ftc.c PufoM having Licences may tarry on Trade till Licences expire.

C.i©3>io4.	53',GEO.IiL	A.D.1813.

*	Year of His faid prefent Majefty’s Reign, a certain Duty of Excife

*	is impofed for and upon every Licence to be taken out according

*	to the faid laft mentioned Aft, by Perfons making the Liquor in* ‘ the faid Aft in that behalf mentioned, commonly called or knovu

*	by the Name of Beer Colouring: And by another Aft, made

*	in the Forty ninth Year of His faid prefent Majelly’s Reign,

*	a certain Duty of Excife is impofed for and upon any Licence

*	to be taken out by any Printer, Painter or Stainer of Silks;

*	and by another Aft, made in the Fifty firft Year of His faid

*	prefent Majefty’s Reigpi, a certain Duty of Excife is alfo impofed

*	for and upon any Licence to be taken cut by any Maker or

*	Makers of Flint Glafs, or of Phial Glafs, authorizing him, her

*	or them, to make ufe of any Lear in or for the Annealing of Flint ‘ Glafs or Phial Glafs: And whereas it is expedient that the

*	Commiffioners, Colleftors and Superviforsof Excife in England and

*	Scotland refpeftively fhould be permitted, upon the Death of any

*	Perfon fo licenced, to authorize and empower the Executors or < Adminiftrators, or the Wife or Child of fuch deceafed Perfon, and

*	upon the Removal of any Perfon or Perfons fo licenced to permit

*	the Aflignee or Afiigns of fuch Perfon fo removing to take

*	the Benefit of fuch Licence in manner hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore euafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, aud Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and

r by the Authority of the fame, That, upon the Death of any Perfon or Perfons fo licenced, or upon the Removal of any Perfon or Perfons fo licenced, from the Houfe or Premifes in which fuch his, her or their Licence (hall authorize him, her or them to make or manufafture, trade, deal iu, vend or fell any of the Commodities a fore faid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Commiffioners of Excife in England and Scotland refpeftively for the time being, or any One or more of them, and to and for the feveral Colleftors and Supervisors of Excife in England and Scotland refpeftively within their refpeftive Colleftions and Diftrifts, to authorize and empower the Executors, Adminiftrators, or the Wife or Child of fuch deceafed Perfon, or the Affignee or Afiigns of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo removing, who (hall be pofiefled of fuch Houfe or Premifes, in like manner to make or manufafture, trade, deal in, vend or fell the feveral Sorts of Commodities mentioned iu fuch Licence, in the fame Houfe or Premifes where fuch Perfon or Perfons fo licenced by virtue of fuch Licence, carried on fuch Trade during the Refidue of the Term for which fuch Licence was originally granted, without taking out a new Licence during the Refidue of the faid Term.

CAP. CIV.

An Aft to permit the Entry into Ireland for Home Confump-* tion of Sugar, the Produce or Manufafture of Martinique, Maricgalante, Guadalcupc, Saint Eujlatia> Saint Martin and Saba, at a lower Rate of Duty than is payable upon Sugar not of the Britijb Plantations.	.	[10th July 1813.]

*TT7HEREAS upon the Importation into Ireland of Sugar,

*	VV the Growth, Produce or Manufafture of the Ifiands of

*	Martiniquey Marugaletnte, Guadeloupe, Saint Ev/latia, Same Martin

‘ and

 C^ooQle

C.xo4«

4^5

A.D.i8ij.	53° GEO.III.

/ and Saba, the like Duties are payable as upon Sugar not the

*	Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the Britijb Plantations, and

*	it is expedient that the Duties (hould be reducedBe it therefore enaded by the King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Autho*

rity of the fame, That any Sugar the Growth, Produce or 'Manu- Rate of Duty «t faaure of any or .either of the faid lflands of Martinique, Ma- which Sugar of riegalante, Guadaloube, Saint Eujlatia, Saint Marlin and Saba, Martinique, Sec. imported into Ireland before the Twelfth Day of May One thou-fand eight hundred and thirteen, may be admitted to Entry for Home Confumption in Ireland, on Payment of Ten Shillings for every Hundred Weight of White or Clayed Sugar, and Five Shillings for every Hundred Weight of Mufcovado Sugar, over and above the Duties payable on the like Defcription of Sugar, the Growth, Produce or Manufedure of the Britijh Plantations, and the Commif-fioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland may continue to admit the Entry of any Sugar the Produce of the faid lflands of Martinique, Mariegalante, Guadaloupcy Saint EuJIatia*

Saint Martin and Saba, on Payment of fuch Duties, until it (haft appear by Notice in the London and Dublin Gazettes in manner required by Law, that the Average Price of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar for Four Weeks fucceffively (hall be lefs than Fifty three Shillings the Hundred Weight, when the faid Sugar (hall again be fubjed and liable to Duties, Regulations, Reftri&ions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as Sugar npt of the Britijh Plantations.

II.	And be it further enaded, That a Drawback of the Whole of Drawback, the faid Duties (hall be allowed on the Exportation of fuch Sugars

from Ireland.

III.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Duties of Cuftoms Duties and and Drawbacks of Duties of Cuftoms (hall be managed, afeertained, Drawbacks how raifed, levied, colleded, paid, recovered and allowed in fuch and the *** P"4* like manner as any Duties of Cuftoms or Drawbacks of Duties of

Cuftoms of a like Nature, are managed, afeertained, raifed, levied, colleded, paid, recovered and allowed, and under and fubjed to the feveral Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftjndions,

Penalties and Forfeitures, now in force, in relation to or made for fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms in Irelandy and all Pains, Penalties,

Fines and Forfeitures, for any Offences whatever, committed againft or in breach of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on or immediately before the patting of this Ad, made for fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the feveral Claufes, Powers and Diredions therein contained, (ball be in full Force and Effect as to the faid Duties and Drawbacks as fully and effcdually to all Intents and Purpofes as if they were at large repeated and re-enaded in this Ad.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That all Monies from time to time Duties carried arifing from the faid Duties, the neceffary Charges of raifing and ac- to ConfolkUted counting for the fame refpedively excepted, (hall be carried to and Fund Ireland, made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland

V.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad may be amended, ar altered, fct. altered or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be made in this prefent

Sefiion of Parliament.

D d 3	CAP.

 LjOOQle

C.I05-

53'GEO.UL

A.D.1813

CAP. CV.

An Aft to explain and amend an Aft of the prefent Seffion, for granting additional Duties oT Cufloms on Goods, Wares or Merchandize imported into and exported from Great Britain; for allowing a Drawback on Carrot Tobacco exported ; for altering the Duties on Pearls imported j for repealing the additional Duty on Barilla granted by the faid Aft ; for allowing a Drawback of the additional Duties of Cuftoms on Timber ufed in the Tin, Lead and Copper Mines of Devon and Cornwall; for afcertaining the Time when the Bounty on Goods exported may be claimed; for better preventing the clandeftine Exportation of Goods $ and for appropriating the Duties on Sugar the Produce of Mar-Unique and other Places, granted by an Aft of this Seffion.

[tOth July 1813.]

53 0.3* e. 33-

Tab. B.

Duty on Hides under recited A& -charged on Hundred

Weight.

{3 G.3.C.3J.

§5.

€ Tt 7 HE REAS by an Aft of the prefent Seffion of Parlia-

*	VV ment, intituled An AS for granting certain additional Duties 4 of Cufloms imported into and exported from Great Britain, certain 4 new and additional Duties of Cuftoms are granted upon Goods, 4 Wares or Merchandize imported or brought into Great Britain 4 from Parts beyond the Seas: And whereas in Schedule (B.) an-

*	nexed to the faid Aft, Hides of all Sorts not tanned, tawed,

*	curried, or in any way drafted, exported to France, or auy Country

*	or Place or Territory annexed to France, or under the Dominion

*	of the Perfon or Perfons exercifing the Powers of Sovereignty in 4 France, are charged with a Duty of Nine Shillings and Four

*	pence, and which faid Nine Shillings and Four pence was intended

*	to be impofed on every Hundred Weight of fuch Hides; but the 4 Words 44 for every Hundred Weight” are omitted ;* Be it enafted by the King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid Duty of Nine Shillings and Four pence (hall be deemed to have been chargeable, and (hall be charged upon every Hundred Weight of fuch Hides which (hall have been fo exported to France, or any Country or Place or Territory annexed to France, or under the Dominion of the Perfon or Perfons exercifing the Powers of Sovereignty in France, or (hall hereafter be fo exported, notwithftanding the Words 44 for every Hundred Weight” were omitted in the faia Schedule.

* II. And whereas by the faid recited Aft it is enafted, That in

*	all cafes where the Whole or any Part of the Duties due on the

*	Importation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize are permitted 4 to be fecured by Bond, by virtue of any Aft or Afts of Parlia-

*	ment in force at the time of fuch Importation, the new and ad-4 ditional Duties of Cuftoms granted by the faid Aft may in like

*	manner, and under the fame Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions 4 and Conditions, be permitted to be fecured by Bond: And

*	whereas upon the Warehoufing in the Port of London of Goods,

4 Wares or Merchandize enumerated in Tables (A.}, (B.) and (E.),

« of







A.D.i8i3«	53dGEO.IIL	C. 105.	407

4 of an Aft pa(Ted in the Forty third Year of the Reign of Hi* 43 0*3* «• *3*

4 prefent Maiefty, intituled An A3 for permitting certain Goode im-4 ported into Great Britain to be fecured tn Warebouftt without Pay-4 ment of Duty, no Bond for the Payment of the Duties of Cuftoms 4 is required ; and Doubts may arife whether the new and additional 4 Duties on fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize impofed by the faid 4 firft recited Aft are not due and payable upon the Importation and 4 Landing thereof;9 Be it therefore enafted. That nothing in the faid Where Goods recited Aft contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to compel entered and the Importer, Proprietor or Confignee of any of the faid Goods, y*r«houfed Wares or Merchandize imported into the Port of London, to pay the o^limdineJ* Duties upon the Importation or Landing thereof in any cafe where fuch Importer, Proprietor or Confignee (hall duly enter the fame under the Provifions of the faid recited Aft of the Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majcfty; any thing in the faid firft recited Aft of the prefent Selfion of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

4 III. And whereas by the faid firft recited Aft Iron, Tallow, 33^*3«c. 33.

4 Flax, Bridles, Timber, Wood, Goods and Hemp, are refpeftively T*h.A.

4 fubjeft to an additional Duty of Cuftoms of Twenty five Pounds 4 for every One hundred Pounds of the Produce and Amount of the 4 Permanent Duties of Cuftoms due and payable thereon on the Im-4 portation thereof into Great Britain : And whereas it is expedient 4 that the faid Articles (hould be exempted from the faid additional 4 Duty in certain cafes ;f Be it therefore enafted. That the faid ad- Hemp, Ac sot ditionad Duty (hall not be payable or paid on the Importation of Keble toeddi-Hemp, Iron, Tallow, Flax, Bridles, Timber and Wood, and Goods tK>na DutI* which (hall be imported into Great Britain before the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen ; and if the Whole or any Part of the Duties on fuch Goods have been fecured by Bond, the laid additional Duties (hall not be charged or payable upon the faid Goods, and fuch additional Duty where the fame has been paid on fuch Articles, (hall be repaid to the Perfons who (hall have paid the fame in all cafes, in which due Proof (hall be given by Produftion of authentic Bills of Lading verified on Oath, or fuch other Proof as may be deemed fatisfaftory to the Commifiioners of His Majefty’t Cuftoms, that the faid Articles refpeftively were aftualiy laden in the Baltic before the Firft Day of January One thouiand eight hundred and thirteen, in the Ships in which they are imported refpec* tively, and that fuch Ships had been detained there during the preceding Winter: Provided always, that if it (hall be made appear that any Dills of Lading or other Documents produced are falfified or altered, or that any other fraudulent Artifice or Device (hall have been praftifed in order to evade the Payment of the faid additional Duty, the Perfon or Perfons producing the fame (hall be fubjeft and liable to the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, to be profccuted for Penshy* and recovered in fuch manner and by fuch ways and means as any Penalty for any Offence againft the Laws of Cuftoms may now be profecuted for and recovered; and the faid additional Duty of Twenty five Pounds per Centum (hall be payable and paid according to the Direftions of the faid recited Aft fo paffed in this prefent Seffion, upon the Iron, Tallow, Flax, Bridles, Timber, Wood, Goods and Hemp refpeftively imported in tbe Ships or VeiTels, for which

D d 4	anp

 LiOOQle

S3	O.3 c. 33.

Drawback allowed on Carrot Tobacco.

49 G. 3. c. 98.

S3 O. 3-c. 33-Tab. A.

39 G.3.C 59.

Duties on Pearls repealed and another of 5 per Cent, on the Value impofed.

Additional Duty On Barilla r«-peeled.

C. 105.	53°GEO.IIL *	A.D.i8i3*

any fuch Bills of Lading or other Document produced are fo falfified, altered or otherwife fraudulently dealt with as aforefaid.

* IV. And whereas by the faid firft recited A6t ProvHion was ‘ not made for allowing a Drawback of the faid new and additional 4 D uties of Cuftoms on Carrot Tobacco exported from Great Britain ;* Be it therefore ena&ed, That, from and after the palling of this Aft, there (hall be paid and allowed on the due Exportation from Great Britain of all fuch Carrot Tobacco, a Drawback in refped of the faid new and additional Duties of Cuftoms impofed by the faid recited Adi, of Nine Shillings and Seven pence Halfpenny for every One hundred Weight of Carrot Tobacco exported; and that fuch Draw-back of the laid Duties (hall be paid and allowed in fuch and the like manner, and under all the Rules, Regulations and Reftri&ions as the former Drawbacks on Carrot Tobacco were paid and allowed by virtue and in purfuance of any Adi or Adis in force relating to ] drawbacks on fuch Tobacco; and all the Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures applicable thereto by any fuch Adis (hall be extended to the Purpofes of this Adi, as fully and tffedually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were repeated and re-enaded ia the Body of this Adi, and made Part thereof.

4 V. And whereas by an A & palled in the Forty ninth Year of the

*	Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for repealing the 4 feveral Duties of Cuftoms chargeable in Great Britain, and for 4 granting other Duties in lieu thereof ; and by the faid recited Adi of ‘ this prefent Scfiion of Parliament, certain Duties of Cuftoms are 4 now payable upon Pearls imported into Great Britain by the United ‘ Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies ; and

*	it is expedient that the faid Duties, fave and except the Duties 4 payable on their being fecured in Warehouses, purfuant to an Adi

*	paffed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent ‘ Majefty, intituled An Ad for permitting certain Goods imported from 4 the Eaft Indies to he nuarchoufed, and for repealing the JDuties now 4 pa able thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof \ fhould be

*	no longer payable or paid ; and that another Duty of Cuftoms ‘ fhould be charged inftead and in lieu thereof;’ Be it-therefore further ena&ed, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, the faid feveral Duties now payable upon Pearls fo imported, fave and except the faid Duties payable on their being fecured in Warehoufes as aforefaid, (hall ceafe, and be no longer payable or paid, and inftead and in lieu thereof, there (hall be charged and paid on fuch Pearls when taken out of any fuch Warehouses to he ufed or con fumed hf Great Britain a Permanent Duty of Five Pounds only to every One hundred Pounds of the Value thereof; and the faid Duty (hall be managed, afeertained, railed, levied, coHe&ed, recovered, paid and applied in like manner as the Permanent Duty heretofore payable was to be managed, afeertained, raifed, levied, colle&ed, recovered and applied, and Hiall be fubjed to the feveral Powers, Condition, Rules, Regulations, Reftri&ions, Penalties and Forfeitures now in force, in relation to, or made for fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms m Great Britain.

4 VI. And whereas it is expedient that the additional Duty of 4 Cuftoms on Barilla imported into Great Britain, granted by the ' (aid A6t of this Sefiion of Parliament, (hould be repealed Be it therefore ena&ed, That, from and after the palling of this Ad,

11	the

 CjOOQle

A.D.i8i3v	53° GEO. HI.	C.105.	409

the additional Duty of Cuftoms granted by the faid Aft on Barilla imported into Great Britain, fhall ceafe and determine.

• VII. And whereas a Portion of the Duties of Cuftoms payable 4 on the Importation into Great Britain of Deals above Seven

•	Inches in Width, being Eight Feet in Length and not above Ten

•	Feet in Length, and not exceeding One and an Half Inch in Thick-4 nefs, and of Fir Timber of the Growth of Norway, and imported 4 direftly from thence being Eight Inches Square, and not exceeding

•	Ten Inches Square, is by the Laws now in force allowed to be 4 drawn back on fuch Deals and Fir Timber which fhall have been 4 ufed or employed in the Tin, Lead or Copper Mines, in the 4 Counties of Devon and Cornwall, under certain Conditions, Rules,

4 Regulations and Reftriftions : And whereas it is expedient that a 4 Part of the Duties of Cuftoms impofed by an A6t pafled in the

4 prefent Seffion of Parliament, intituled An Aft for granting eertairt 53O.J. cjj.

4 additional Duties of Cuftoms imported into, and exported from Great 4 Britain ; proportionate to the Amount of fo much of the faid 4 Duties as anfc from a Per-Centage on thofe permanent Duties of r Cuftoms which have been impofed fince the palling of an Aft made 4 in the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft 49 G. 3. c.9f.

4 for repealing the feveral Duties of Cujloms chargeable in Great 4 Britain, and for granting other Duties tn lieu thereof fhould aMo 4 be in like manner drawn back Be it therefore enafted, That Certain Draw-there fhall be paid and allowed additional Drawbacks of Part of backs of the tbe Duties of Cuftoms granted by the faid recited Aft palled in the	Dca,t

prefent Seffion of Parliament, in the Proportion before mentioned, as a awe tbe fame are particularly deferibed and fet forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.) on any Deals above Seven Inches in Width, being Eight Feet in Length and not above Ten Feet in Length, and not exceeding One Inch and an Half in Thick-nefs$ and on any Fir Timber of the Growth of Norway, and imported direftly from thence, being Eight Inches Square, and not exceeding Ten Inches Square, which (hall have been or (hall be ufed and employed m the Tin, Lead or Copper Mines in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: Provided always that before the Payment of the faid additional Drawbacks Proof (hall be made before the Colleftor of the Cuftoms of the Port where the Duties upon fuch Deals and Timber (hall have been dated to have been paid, that the full Duties of Cuftoms impofed by the faid recited Aft pafled in the prefent Seffion of Parliament on all fuch Deals and Timber fb ufed and employed as aforefaid, and on which the Drawbacks allowed by this -Aft (hall be claimed, were duly paid thereon: Provided alfo,' that the additional Drawbacks hereby granted (hall be paid and allowed on the fame Conditions, and (hall be fubjeft in every refpeft to the fame Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions, Securities and Penalties as the Drawback on Deals and Fir Timber ufed and employed as aforefaid, granted by an Aft pafled in the Fifty firft $xG.3.c.4> Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft for altering the Tittet at which the additional Duties of Cujloms impofed hy an Aft of the tajl Seffion of Parliament on certain Species of IVood were to have taken place; and for granting a Drawback upon Deeds and Timber ufed in the Mines of Tin, Copper and Lead\ in tthe Counties of Com* wall and Devon, is paid and allowed.

4 VIII. An*



4io

Cl iim to Bounty •n Calicoc*,Scc. illoivei

Claude (line Ex-jHirtation of Coodi

Penalty.

Appropriation Duties under S3 G.3. c.6a*

49O.3.C.9S.

C. 105.	j38 GEO. III.	A.D.	181 j.

* VIII. And whereas Doubts have exi(led as to the Period at 4 which a Claim to Bounty on Printed Calicoes and other Goods 4 exported has been and is by Law veftcd in the Parties exporting 4 the fameBe it further ena&ed and declared, That fuch Claim (hall be deemed to attach as foon as any Goods on which Bounty now is payable (hall be (hipped on board the Veffel in which fuch Goods (hail be laden for Exportation, and (hall be afterwards duly exported; and no Claim for Bounty on Printed Calicoes (hall be or be deemed or conftrued to be valid and effe&ual in Law, unlefs fuch Printed Calicoes were actually (hipped on board fome Veffel or Veffels for Exportation on or before the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, and were afterwards a&ually exported in the fame Veffel or Veffels. '

4 IX. And whereas the Provifions already made by Law to 4 prevent the clandeftine Exportation of Goods, Wares or Mer-4 chandize which are prohibited to be exported, have not been 4 fufficient to put a (top to fuch fraudulent Practices ;* Be it therefore ena&ed, That if any Gtxids, Wares or Merchandize which are or may be prohibited to be exported, (hall be laden or (hipped or

Sut on board any Veffel or Boat with the Intent to be laden or tipped for Exportation, or (hall be brought to any Quay, Wharf or other Place in Great Britain, in order to be laden or put on board any Ship, Veffel or Boat for the Purpofe of being exported; or if any Goods, Wares or Merchandize which are prohibited to be exported (hall be found in any Package produced to the Officers of the Cuftoms as containing Goods not (o prohibited, then in each and every fuch cafe not only all fuch Prohibited Goods, but alfo all other Goods, Wares and Merchandize packed therewith, (hall be forfeited and loft, and (hall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms.

4 X. And whereas it is expedient to make further Provifion for the 4 Appropriation cf the Duties impofed by an A& of the prefent 4 Seffion of Parliament, intituled An A8 to permit the Entry for 4 Home Confumption of Sugar the Produce or ManufaQure of Mar*

4 tinique, Mariegalante, Guadaloupe, Saint Euftatia, Saint Martin 4 and Saba, at a lower Rate of Duty than is payable ufon Sugar not 4 of the Britifh Plantations Be it therefore ena&ed, That fo much of the faid Duties refpe&ively as are equal to the Permanent Duties on Britifh Plantation Sugar (nail be payable and paid for and during the; like Period, and (hall be appropriated and applied in the fame manner, and to the fame Ufes and Purpofes, as the Permanent Duties impofed by an A6t of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A8 for repealing the fevered Duties of Cujloms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof are dire&ed to be paid, appropriated and applied; and fo much of the Duties fo impofed by the faid recited Ad of the prefent Seffion of Parliament as are equal to the Temporary or War Duties on Britifh Plantation Sugar, (hall be payable and paid for and during the like Period, and (hall be appropriated and applied in the lame manner, and to the fame Ufes and Purpofes as the Temporary or War Duties impofed by the faid laft recited Ad of the Forty ninth Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign are dire&ed to be paid, appro-

Eriated and applied; and fo much of the faid Duties granted by the lid recited Ad of the prefent Seffion of Parliament, as are over

and





A.D.1813.	53°	GEO,	IIL	C.	105,10(5-	411

and above the Amount of the Duties payable upon Sugars the Produce of the Britijb Plantations, (hall be payable and paid for and during the fame Period as the Temporary or War Duties granted by >he faid Ad of the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, and Hi all alfo be appropriated and applied in like manner, and to the fame Ufes and Purpofes.

TABLE to which this A ft refers.

TABLE (A.)

A TABLE of additional Drawbacks to be paid or allowed on certain Defcriptions of Deals and Fir Timber ufed and employed in the Tin, Lead and Copper Mines, in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, under the Conditions and Regulations contained in the Aft to which Table is annexed.

Deals, above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length, and not above io Feet in Length, and not exceeding i^ Inch in Thicknefs, the 120,	£ s. d.
built Ship ...	0 16 3
Britifh-built Ship -Fir Timber, of the Growth of Norway, and imported direftly from thence, 8 Inches Square, and riot exceeding 10 Inches Square, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet,	00  VO  O
built Ship -  		 - - - - Not having been imported in a  Britifti-built Ship	6 7 II  0 8 4i

CAP. CVI.

An Aft to extend the Provifions of an Aft made in the Forty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for pre-veting the Counterfeiting of certain Silver Tokens, to certain other Tokens which have been or may be iifued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

[10th July 1813.]

1 YT7HEREAS by an Aft made in the Forty fifth Year of His 45 g. j. c.42.

* VV prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A8 to extend the

1 Provifions of an AS made in the lajl Sejfion of Parliament for

1 preventing the counterfeiting of certain Stiver Coin ijfucd by the

*	Banks of England and Ireland refpefiively, to Silver Pieces which

1 may le iffucd by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland,

‘ called Tokens, and to promote the Circulation of the faid Tokens,

1 certain Pains of Felony and other Pains and Penalties were impofed $ u

*	on any Perfon or Perfons who (hould make, coin or counterfeit, or

*	caufe or procure to he made, coined or counterfeited, or aft or

*	in the making, coining or counterfeiting the Tokens in the

* faid

 L-ooQle

4'*

C. 106.

PunUhmenc of Perfons counterfeiting, Ac. Tokens iflued by Bank of Ireland.

Onus Probandl

53c GEO. III.	A.D.1813,

4 faid Aft mentioned, or who (hould bring into Ireland or into any 4 Part of the United Kingdom; or who (hould pafs or utter or tender 4 in Payment or give in Exchange or pay or put off any fuch coim-4 terfeit Token orTokena, or (hould have in his, her or their Cuftodr 4 without lawful Excufe any greater Number than Five of fuch falfe 4 or counterfeit Tokens : And whereas the Governor and Company 4 of the Bank of Ireland have iflued or are preparing and intend to 4 iflue in Ireland* for the Convenience of the Public, a Quantity of 4 Silver Pieces denominated Tokens, of the common Standard of 4 Sponifh Pillar Dollars for Thirty pence Irifh Currency each, con-4 taining on the obverfc Side thereof an Impreflion of His Majefty’s 4 Head and the following Words and Figures, 44 Georgius HI. Dei 4 Gratia Rex 1813,” and on the reverfe Side theieof the Words or 4 Figures, 44 Bank Token XXX Pence Irifti,” and alfo Tokens for 4 Ten pence Irifh Currency each, and alfo Tokens for Five pence 4 Irtjb Currency each 5 the faid laft mentioned Tokens containing 4 on the obverfe Side thereof His Majefty’s Head, and the Wordi 4 and Figures following, videlicet,44 Georgius III. Dei Gratia Rex,”

4 and on the reverfe Side thereof refpeftively, within a Wreath of 4 Shamrock Leaves, the Words and Figures 44 Bank Token io 4 Pence Irifh 1813,” or 44 Bank Token 5 Pence Irifh 1813”;’ Be it enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisprefent Parliament afTemhlcd, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the paffing of this Aft, if any Perfon or Perfons (hall make, coin or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to he made, coined or counterfeited, or willingly aid or aflift in the making, coining or counterfeiting any Piece of Metal refembling or made with Intent to referable or look like the faid Tokens for Thirty pence. Ten pence or Five pence Irifh Currency refpeftively, fo as atorefaid iflued or intended to be iflued by the laid Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or to pals as fuch, or to referable or look like any of the faid Tokens, or to pafs as fuch, or if any Perfon or Perfons (hall bring into Ireland, or into any Part of the United Kingdom, any fuch falie or counterfeit Tokens knowing the fame to be falfe or counterfeited, to the Intent to utter the fame within the faid United Kingdom, or within any Dominions of the fame, or if any Perfon or Perfons (hall utter or tender in Payment, or give in Exchange, or pay, or put off to any Perfon or Perfons any luch falfe or counterfeited Token or Tokens, knowing the fame to be falfe or counterfeited, or if any Perfon or Perfons (hall have in hit, her or their Cuftody or Poffefiion without lawful Excufe (the Proof whereof (hall lie on the Party accufed), any greater Number than Five of any fuch falfe or counterfeited Tokens, then and in any or either of the faid cafes refpeftively, every fuch Perfon (hall be lubjeft and liable to fuch and tne like Pains of Felony and other Fains and Punifhments refpeftively, and to fuch a*d the Tike Penalties and Forfeitures refpeftively, and (hall be punifhed, proceeded againft and dealt with m fuch and the like manner refpeftively, as is mentioned and direfted in and by the faid recited Aft of the Forty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, as kto Perfons convifted of the like Offence refpeftively under tne faid recited Ad in regard to the Tokens in the faid recited Aft mentioned; and as if the laid Tokens for Thirty pence, Ten pence and Fivepencc in this



 ^-ooQle

4*3

A.D.1813.

53* GEO. HI.

C. 106, ioj.

A& mentioned and defcribed refpeftively, had been mentioned and particularized in the laid recited Aft.

II.	And be it further enafted, That all the Powers, Pro*iHons, Power* of re. Regulations and Directions, Claufes, Matters and Things in the citcd

faid recited Aft of the Forty fifth Year of His prefect Majefly’s ten<tedt°A«. Reign mentioned and contained or referred to, with refpeft to the making, coining, counterfeiting, bringing in, uttering, tendering, giving in Exchange, paying, putting off or poffefling ar\y counterfeit Token as in the faid Aft is mentioned, (hall and may be applied in the apprehending, fecuring, proceeding againfl and punifhing of Offenders under this Aft, and in the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures for Offences againft this Aft, and in the carrying this Aft into Execution, and in relation to the faid Tokens for Thirty pence.

Ten pence and Five pence refpeftively, in this Aft mentioned and defcribed in all refpefts whatsoever as fully and effeftually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the faid Powers, Proviiions, Regulations and Direftions, Claufes, Matters and Things were repeated aud re-enafted in this Aft.

III.	And be it further enafted, That all Sums of Money which Token* iflued now are or (hall become payable in Ireland for any Part of the Public |>y Bi»nk Revenue there, (hall be accepted by the Colleftors, Receivers and j" Payment tf other Officers of the Revenue in Ireland authorized to receive the evcnue* fame, in the faid Silver Bank Tokens for Thirty pence, Ten pence or

Five pence refpeftively, which (ball be iffucd during the Continuance of the Reftriftion on Payments in Cafh by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, if offered to be fo paid ; and that tlie (aid Governor and Company may, whenever the (aid Reftriftion lhall be removed, charge to the Account of the Teller of the Exchequer all fuch of the faid Tokens of Thirty pence, Ten pence and "Five pence each, iffued during the Continuance of the faid Reftriftion, at may be received by the laid Governor and Company in Payment mr otherwife, before or after the Removal of fuch Reftriftion.

An Aft for the Appointment of Commiflioners for the Regulation of the feveral Endowed Schools of Public and Private

*	TT7HEREAS many of the Abufes in Schools, on Public and

•	W Private Foundations in Ireland, and the Mifapplication of

*	their feveral Funds and Revenues, have proceeded from the Delays, 4 Difficulties aod Expences attending the ufual Way of proceeding

•	is fuch cafes, by Bill‘or Information in the Courts of Equity: 4 And whereas it is necefiary, for the better Regulation of the 4 feveral Endowed Schools in Ireland, and for the more efficient

•	Control of the Conduft of the Mailers and other Perfons concerned 4 in the Management and Direction thereof, that Commiflioners 4 fhould be conftituted and appointed for the Purpofe of vifiting,

*	regulating and fuperintending the Management and due Applica-

•	tion of the Funds and Revenues of the (aid Schools, us well thofe 4 of Private Foundation, as thofe which have been founded and 4 endowed by The Crown, or eftablifhed and confirmed by the 4 Authority of Parliament, or for the Maintenance and Support of

*	which any Sum or Sums of Money have been at any time granted

CAP. CVII.

Foundation in Ireland. ,

[loth July 1813.]

' by





CommitHoneri •{•pointed, to be • Corporation.

Schools of E. Smith, Charter Schools, Parifti Schools, Ac. under 28 H. 8. (I)	»5-

excepted.

Arpointment of Commiffioners 00 Vacancies.

CommifTioners may appoint Secretary.

G107.	53°GEO.III.	A.D.1813.

*	by Parliament, or been devifed or bequeathed by private Perfboa,

*	or in any manner granted or appropriated ; excepting fuch only 4 as are hereinafter mentioned and excepted Be it therefore enaded by the King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament allembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Lord Primate of all Ireland, the Lord High Chancellor of Ireland, the Lord Archbifhop of Dublin, the .Lord Archbifhop of Tuam, all now and hereafter for the time being, and the refpe&ive Coadjutors of the faid Primate and Archbifhops now or hereafter for the time being ; the Lord Chief Juflice of the Court of King’3 Bench in Ireland, and the Provoft of Trinity-College Dublin, now or hereafter for the time being; and alfo Four of the Bifhops of Ireland, to be appointed from time to time by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being (One Bifhop for each Province in Ireland), to-

fether with Four other proper and difcreet Perfons whom the Lord lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being (hall think fit to appoint to be Commiffioners under this Adi (fuch Four Bifhops and Four other Perfons fo appointed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to be removable at his or their Pleafure), (hall be a Corporation, and (hall have perpetual Succeffion and a Common Seal, and (hall be called “ The Commiffioners of Education in Ireland

II.	Provided always, and be it enadled, That none of the Schools on the Foundation of the late Erafmus Smith Efquire, nor the Pro-teflant Charter Schools, nor any Parochial School eflablifhcd under an Adi made in the Twenty eighth Year of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An AQ for the Englifh Order> Habite and Language, nor any Eflablifhment for the Purpofes of Education now under the Controul of Vifitors appointed by Adi of Parliament or Charter, (hall be deemed and confidered as fubjedl to the Jurifdi&ion of the faid Commiffioners under this Adi.

III.	And be it further enadled, That whenever the (aid Bifhops or other Commiffioners appointed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or either or any of them, or any other Perfon or Perfons to be appointed in the Place of or in Succeffion to them, or any of them, (hall, by Death, Refignation, Removal or otherwise, ceafe to be a Commil-fioner or Commiffioners under this Adi, then and in every fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, to appoiut One other Bifhop or Perfon, in the Place and Stead of any fuch Bifhop or Perfon fo ceafing to be fuch Commiffioner refpedlively ; and any fuch Bifhop or Perfon fo to be appointed (hall accordingly be and become to all Intents and* Purpofes One of the Commiffioners for the Purpofes of this Ad.

IV.	And be it further enadled, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners and their SuccefTors, from time to time to appoint a Secretary to the faid Commifficners, with a Salary not exceeding the Sum of Seven hundred Pounds, and alfo fuch other fubordinate Officer or Officers as they fhali think proper, for the carrying into Execution the Purpofes of this Adi $ and to certify to



AJD.1813.	53 GEO.III.	C. 107.	415

Ihe Lord Lieutenant cr other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, fuch Sum or Sums of Money as they (hall deem adequate to defray the Expence of faid Officers and the incidental Expences of the Board 5 whereupon it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to dire A the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, or the Commillioners for executing the faid Office, to ifTue out of the Con-folidated Fund of Ireland fuch Sum or Sums of Money to defray the Expence of faid Officers, and the incidental Expences of the Board, as to the faid Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, (hall feem fitting and convenient.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Cornmiffioners for execut- Commiflioaerf ing this A& ffiall and may fue and be fued in the Name of their Se- n»y fue and be cretary j and that over and above fuch Lands, Tenements and ,n Hereditaments as are or (hall be veiled in the faid Cornmiffioners and

their SuccelTors, under and by virtue of this A 61, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Cornmiffioners and their SuccelTors to receive, take, hold and enjoy any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments whatfoever, for the Purpofes of this A6t; the Statutes of Mortmain, or any other Statute, A6t or Provifion whatfoever, in any wife to the contrary not-withftanding.

VI.	And be it further enadled, That it (hall and may be lawful for Quorum of Three of the faid Cornmiffioners afiembled in purfuance of a General Commifliouers. Notice for a Meeting, of whom fome One of the Cornmiffioners hereinbefore appointed in Right of the Offices refpe6tively held by

them to be one, to do and perform any thing required to be done by the faid Cornmiffioners under this A&, as fully and effc6lually as all the faid Cornmiffioners might do if perfonally prefent.

VII.	Provided always, and be it hereby ena£ted, That no Proceed- Uft of Seal, ing which requires to be ratified and confirmed by the Common

Seal of the Corporation (hall be finally concluded, nor the faid Seal affixed to any Deed or Inftrument in the Name of the faid Commif-fioners unlefs the Lord Primate or the Lord Chancellor or the Chief Juftice of the Court of King’s Bench for the time being, be perfonally prefent at the Meeting of the faid Cornmiffioners at which it is pro-pofed that fuch Proceeding (hall be determined, or fuch Deed or Inftrument (hall be executed, or unlefs the Confent and Approbation of Two of the faid Cornmiffioners lad mentioned previoufly given to fuch Proceeding or to fucli Deed or Inftrument (hall be fignified zander their Hand refpedlively, and communicated to the Commif-fioners afiembled at fuch Meeting held purfuant to the general Notice as aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Secretary of the Secretary to (aid Cornmiffioners (hall keep a Book or Journal of the Proceedings keep Minute of the faid Cornmiffioners at their feveral Meetings, and (hall enter Book of Pro. therein the Names of fuch of the faid Cornmiffioners as (hall be prefent c®cd,,,Ss*

at each Meeting, and all the Proceedings of every fuch Meeting, and all Reports from time to time made to the faid Cornmiffioners ; and the faid Cornmiffioners (hall once in every Year, within Fourteen Days after the Twenty fifth Day of March, make a general Report of all their Proceedings under this A6t for the Year preceding, ending on fuch Twenty fifth Day of March, to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland\ under the Hands and

Seals

 booQle

C. 107.	530	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

Seals of the faid Commiflioners, to be laid before both Honfes of Parliament5 and the faid Secretary (hall at any time or times when he (hall be thereto required or direfted by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or his or their Chief Secretary, or by the faid Commiflioners, deliver to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, or hit or their Chief Secretary, a true Copy of the whole or of fo much and fuch Parts of the faid Proceedings of the faid Commiflioners, as (hail be from time to time required.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiflioners from time to time conftituted and appointed under and by virtue of this Aft, and the faid Commiflioners and their Succeflors (hall have full Power and Authority from time to time, and at all times when they (hall think proper fo to do, to vifit each or any of the Endowed Schools hereinbefore deferibed (except only as hereinbefore excepted^, either in Perfon or by Deputies to be appointed by them as is hereinafter direfted; and the faid Commif-(ioners may at fuch time and at any other times hold Vifitations of the faid Schools, and at fuch Vifitations adminifler Oaths, and do all other Afts appertaining to the Office of Vifitors refpeftively relating to fuch Schools ; and for that Purpofe it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Commiflioners to repair to any fuch School, or to any other Place or Places which they (hall deem neceflary or convenient, and there to fummon, call for and examine, on Oath or otherwife, all and every Perfon and Perfons, and to call for all Vouchers, Books, Deeds, Evidences, Terriers, Maps, Surveys and all other Documents whatever, and to examine and inquire into all Matters whatfoever which the faid Vifitors (hall deem requifite and neceflary.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if at any time it (hall feem requifite to the faid Commiflioners, it (hall and

AfliftanV Vifitors may be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, by any Writing under their pte«d m the,F Hands and Seals, to depute and appoint One or more Perfon or Perfons for them and in their Stead to vifit any of the faid Schools; and any Perfon or Perfons fo deputed and appointed in any Inftance as aforefaid, (hall have and enjoy the fame Rights and Powers in every fuch Infiance refpeftively as the faid Commiflioners themfelvcs or any of them might or would have had if they had vifited the faid Schools or any of them in Perfon ; and the laid Perfon or Perfons fo deputed or appointed as aforefaid (hall at every fuch Vifiiation caufe and direft their Proceedings to be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe by the Matter of each School refpeftively, and (hall lay an attefted Copy of the fame before the faid Commiflioners at their Firft Meeting after the Return from fuch Vifitations of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo deputed or appointed as aforefaid, and (hall report to the faid Commiflioners fuch other Matters relating to the State and Condition of the faid Schools or any of them, as they (hall think neceflary to be reported; whereupon it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Commiflioners to make luch Orders and adopt fuch Meafures as they (hall judge proper or neceflary with regard to each of the faid Schools refpeftively; provided that in cafe of fuch Mif-conduft of the Mafter, Under Matter or Uftier of any School, being reported to the faid Commiflioners, as they (hall be of Opinion ought to have fubjefted him to Deprivation* they (hall not proceed to fuch Deprivation until they have cited the faid Matter, Under Mafter or

Utter

416

Commiflioners empowered to vifit Endowed School*

Commiflioners may appoint

 ^ooQie

4i>

A.D.1S13.	53°GEO.	III.	C.	107.

Uffier to appear before them, and given Notice to the Truttee or Truftees of the School or Foundation to which fuch Matter or Uffier (hall belong, and enquired into his MifconduCt, and examined fuch Witneffes as (hall be produced by the Matter, Under Matter or U(her, or by fuch Truttee or Truftees in relation thereto, and alfo all other Witneffes whom they (hall deem proper to fummon ; and provided alfo, that the faid Commiffioners whenfoever they (hall find it necefTary to proceed to fuch Sentence of Deprivation, (hall fignify the fame to the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Appointment belongs, who thereupon (hall be obliged within Three Months after fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall have had Notice of fuch Sentence of Deprivation as aforefaid, to appoint a proper Succeffor to the faid Matter, Under Matter or Uflier fo deprived ; and in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall negleft within the Space aforefaid, to comply with the faid Order of the Commiffioners under this Aft, that then and in fuch cafe the Commiffioners under this Aft (hall themfelves proceed to appoint a fit and proper Succeffor or Succeffors to the Matters or Uftiers fo deprived; and the Perfon fo to be appointed (hall not be fubjeft to be removed by the Truttee or Truftees, or Perfon or Perfons having the Power of Appointment or Nomination to fuch School, unlefs with the Confent of the faid Commiffioners.

4 XI. And whereas by Letters Patent bearing Date the Eighth Letters Patant * Day of July in the Second Year of the Reign of His late Ma- 8th July,

4 jetty King Charles the Firft, the faid King Charles granted to his 4 Car*x*

4 Grace the then Lord Archbiffiop of Armagh and his Succeffors 4 for ever, divers Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of great 4 yearly Value, fituate refpeftively in the Counties of Armagh,

4 Tyrone, Fermanagh, Donegal and Cavan in Truft to the foie and 4 proper Ufe and Behoof of the refpeftive Matters of the feveral 4 Free Schools of Armagh, Dungannon, Enntjkillen, Raphoe and 4 Cavan : And whereas by Letters Patent bearing Date the Six- Letters Patent 4 teenth Day of September in the Fourth Year of the Reign of the x6th Sep.

4 faid King Charles the Firft, the Sovereign and Burgeffes of the 4 Car. x.

4 Borough of Banagher in the King's County in Ireland, and their 4 Succeffors, were incorporated ; and by other Letters Patent bear-4 ing Date the Twenty firft Day of Augujl in the fame Year, the 4 Sovereign and Burgeffes of the Borough of Carysfort in the 4 County of Wicklow in Ireland, and their Succeffors, were alfo 4 incorporated; and by the faid refpeftive Charters the faid King 4 Charles, among other things, granted to each of the faid Corpo-4 rations divers Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, lying in the 4 faid Counties refpeftively, in Truft for the only Ufe and Behoof of 4 a Scboolmafter to be refident in each of the faid Towns refpec-4 tively : And whereas the Rents of the Lands granted by His late 4 Majelty King Charles the Firft, for the Ufe of the faid Schools of 4 Armagh, Dungannon, Ennijkitlen, Raphoe and Cavan, have increafed 4 to an Amount greater than is neceffary for the convenient Main-4 tenanceof the faid Matters : And whereas it is neceffary for the 4 well ordering of the feveral Schools aforefaid, that the Commif-4 fioners appointed under this Aft (hould have full Power over, and 4 the entire Difpofal of the Rents and Profits of all the Lands afore-4 faid ;* Be it therefore enafted. That, from and after the palling of Rents and Pro. this Aft, the feveral Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments aforefaid, fits of Lands be-53 Geo. III.	E	e	granted	k*W"l«oM4





C. 107.

53* GEO. III.

AJD.i8i3*

ffoufe%*c.

School* verted in granted by His late Matefty King Charles the Pirft, for the Ufe of Commiflioaers. the Maftera of the Schools of jirmagh$ Dungannon, Emu/kilUn^ Rafhoe, Cavan, Banagher and Carysfori (hall be, and the lame ane hereby vefted in the feid Commiffionera and their Succeflbrtforever; and the Rents, IfTuea and Profits thereof, (hall from time to time be received by fuch Agent or Accents as the faid Commiffionera for the time being (hall appoint for that Purpofe as aforefaid, and (hall be paid and applied by the Orders of the faid Commiffionera, for and towards the Maintenance and Support of the Maftera of the faid fie* veral Schools, and for fuch other Purpofes as the faid Commiffionera are under this Ad direded and empowered to provide for and carry into EfFed for the Benefit of the faid Schools.

Application of	XII. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to

Funds of Schools and for the faid Commiffionera under this Ad, from time to time and b Payment of at times, to order and dired that any Sum or Sums of Money be-in*&ho^bUlW" longing to any of the faid Schools, the Eftates belonging to which are vefted in Commiffionera under this Ad, (hall be laid out and in-veiled in fuch Government Funds and Securities as fuch Cornmif* fioners (hall from time to time think proper; and that fuch Share and Proportion as they (hall think proper of the IfTues and Profits of all Funds or Eftates applicable to the Support of each and every or any of fuch Schools, (hall be paid and applied to and for the foie Ufe and Benefit of the Schoolmafter of fuch School for the time being; and if it (hall appear to the faid Commiffioners, that One or more Under Mailer or Under Maftera are neceflary for any fuch School, then it lhall be lawful for the faid Commiffiooera to order and dired that fuch other Share or Proportion, or Shares or Proportions of fuch Hines and Profits as they (hall think proper, (hall be applied to the foie Ufe and Benefit of fuch Under Mafter or Under Maftera refpedivelv; and as to fuch Parts of fuch Ilfues and Profits as (hall remain after the Payment of fuch Salary or Salaries to fuch Head Mafter or Under Mafter or Maftera, it (hall be lawful for faid Commiffioners to order and dired that thereout fuch yearly or other Sum or Sums as (hall be or be deemed neceflary for the Purpofe (hall be applied in or towards the purchafing, procuring, building, enlarging, repairing or furaifhing the School Houfe, together with Grounds, Houfet and other Appurtenances and Accommodations neceflary or ufeful for or towards tne convenient and proper Keeping of a School therein, according to the Powers hereinafter given to the laid Commiffionera ; and if any Refidue of fuch I flues and Profits (hall remain, after fuch yearly or other Sums as (hall be found or deemed fufficient for the feveral Purpofes aforefaid, then it (hall be lawful for fuch Commif-fioaera to order and dired that fuch Refidue (hall be applied to the fupporting, maintaining and providing of fuch and fo many Fire Scholars, according to fuch Arrangements, and in fuch Sums, Shares and Proportions, as (hall be direded by any fuch Order ot Orders, and to the Endowment of fuch and fo many Exhibitions to Trinity College, to be held by fuch Perfons and under foch Regulations and Reftndions as to the laid Commiffioners (hall feem proper.

XIII. Provided always, and he it enaded. That the Commiffionera under this Ad (hall have all fuch Powers of leafing and demifing ad and every the Lands and Hereditaments belonging to the (aid laft mentioned Schools rcfpedively, as the feveral Truftees or other Perfons in whom fuch Lands were vefted immediately before the

palling

Power of leafing Lands, and Application of fuch Renta and Profits to each

 L,ooQle

A.D. 1813-

53* GEO. III.

C. 107.

4»*

Prefton’s Conveyance for School at Navan and Bally roan.

patting of this Aft had by Law for leafing and demifing the fait! Landl or Hereditaments irfpeftively; and that the Net Rents of the Lands granted by His late Maiefty King Charles the Firft to each School refpeftively, after dedufting thereout tbe neceflary Expences of the Agency and Management thereof, (hall, during the Continuance of ftich of the prefent Matters of thofe feveral Schools as have been legally appointed under any particular Conditions made according to Law by Perfons duly authorized thereto, concerning the Diftribution or Application of the Incomes, Revenues or Emoluments of fuch School, or of the Matter thereof, be applied in the fame manner as they now arc; and from and after the Deceafe, Refignation or Removal of fuch Matter, or any of them, (hall be applied folely and exclufively to the Ufc and Advantage of the laid School, and to foch Endowments or Eftablifhments only as are connefted therewith, in the manner and for the Purpofes hereinafter deferibed.

1 XIV. And whereas John Prejlon, deceafed, formerly an Alder-

•	man of Dublin, did by Deed, bearing Date fome time in or about 4 the Year One thoufand fix hundred and eighty fix, grant and con-4 vey the Lands of Cabpaghloughlin, in the Queen's County in Ire*

•	land, then producing the Sum of Eighty Pounds yearly, to certain 4 Truftees therein named, and their Heirs for ever, in Truft to pay 4 a Schoolmafter of the Proteftant Religion, refident in the Town of 4 Navan in the County of Meath, the yearly Sum of Thirty five « Pounds 5 and to pay to a like Schoolmafter, refident in the Town 4 of Ballyroan in the Queen's County, the yearly Sum of Twenty five 4 Pounds 5 and to pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds yearly to the 4 Hofpital of King Charles the Second, in Oxmanjfown, Dublin;

4 the Nomination of the faid Schoolmafters to be in the eldeft Son

•	of the faid John Prejlon and his Heirs Male, and the faid Truftee*

•	and their Heirs, or the major Part of the faid Perfons for ever;

4 and in cafe of any Jncreafe in the Rents of the faid Lands, the

•	Overplus to be difpofed of by the faid Perfons, or the major Part 4 of them, for the Convenience of the faid Schools, or fuch other 4 pious Ufes as the fame Perfons, or the major Part of them,

4 (hould from time to time appoint s And whereas an Information 4 was in the Year One thoufand feven hundred and thirty fix, filed 4 in the Court of Chancery in Ireland% to enforce the due and proper 4 Management of the faid Schools of Navan and Ballyroan, which 4 Caufe is ftili depending in the faid Court, in which it has been 4 found neceflary from time to time to make divers Orders for 4 effecting the beneficial Purpofes of the faid Suit 2 And whereas 4 the Rents of the Lands of Cappagbloughlin, granted by the faid 4 John Prejlon, deceafed, for the Payment of the Matters of the 4 Schools of Navan and Ballyroan, have greatly increafed 5 and it ap-4 pears from the Second Report made by the Commiflioncrs of En-

4 quiry appointed under an Aft made in the Forty fixth Year of 46O.3. c.iia. 9 His prelent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft to revive and amend 4 an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland, for enabling the Lord 4 Lieutenant to appoint CommiJJtoners for enquiring into the feveral 4 Funds and Revenues granted for the Purpofes of Education, and into 4 the State and Condition of all Schools in Ireland, that great Abufes 4 and Mifmanagement have taken place in the Application of the 9 Rents of the faid Lands, and that a confiderable Part thereof re-4 mains yet unappropriatedBe it enafted, That it (hall and may be

E e 1	lawful

Information flat in Court of Chancery in

1736.



4*o

uio7-

53° UJ2AJ. ill.

A.U. 15I3#

Commiffioners may make

Visitations, kc. and direct Application of Funds, *c

46 G.3. C. I 22.

Other Schools of Private Foundation requiring Control ;*nd Regulation.

Cum mi (fioners may apply to Chancery to cn-fore Orders and Regulations relating Schools under Ait.

lawful for the Commifiioners under this A&, for the time being, for the Purpofes of ascertaining the due Management of the faid Truft, and the Application of the Funds arifing out of the faid Lands, from time to time to make fuch Vifitations, Enquiries and Reports, and to diredt that the lflues and Profits of the faid Lands, and the Over, plus or Accumulation of fuch I flues and Profits, fhall be applied in like manner as the faid Commifiioners are empowered to do with re-fpeft to any other Schools of Private Foundation under or by virtue of this Adt; and that, from and after the palling of this Ad, the net Rents of the faid Lands of Cappaghlougblin aforefaid (hall at all times be divided into Three Parts, in the Proportion of the Annuities to be paid in purfuance of the Grant of the faid John Prefton to the faid Hofpital in Oxmanjlown, and to the Mailers of the faid Schools of Navan and Ballyroan ; that is to fay, in the Proportion of Four Sixteenths to be paid to the faid Hofpital, Seven Sixteenths to be applicable to the Ufe of the School of Navan, and Five Sixteenths to the Ufe of the School of Ballyroan.

4 XV. And whereas there are in different Parts of Ireland various

*	other Schools of Private Foundation and Endowments, many of

*	which are mentioned and fpecified in the Twelfth and Thirteenth

*	Reports of the faid Commifiioners, appointed under the faid re-4 cited Adi of the Forty fixth Year aforefaid, for Enquiry into the 4 feveral Funds and Revenues granted for the Purpofes of Education,

*	and into the State and Condition of all Schools in Ireland5 and 4 fome of the faid Schools are poflefled of confiderable Ellates in 4 Land and other Property, with refpcdl to the Application of which 4 for the Purpofes of the feveral Schools, and to carry into Effcd 4 the Intentions of the Founders, certain Regulations may be re-4 quired \y Be it therefore cnadted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Commifiioners under this Ad, for the Purpofe of examining into the Management of the Funds of fuch Private School*, and the due Application of the fame, to vifit and regulate all fuch Schools of Private Foundation and Endowment in Ireland\ as are endowed and fupported by the Bequefls or Donations of the Founders thereof, or are aflifted by any Parliamentary Grants from time to time; except always fuch Private Schools as are fupported by the voluntary occaiional Contributions of private Individuals, and which have no fettled or permanent Funds or Endowments: and except alfo all Schools of Private Foundation for the Education of Perfons profiling any Religion or religious Perfuafion, other than that of the United Church of England and Ireland.

XVI. And be it further enadlcd, That in cafe of the Difobe-dience of any Order or Regulation of the Commifiioners under this Adi, or of any other Perfons adling as Vifitors under their Authority, made refpedting the faid Schools of Private Foundation, whenever it (hall feern expedient to the faid Commifiioners that an Application fhould be made to the Lord High Chancellor, or to the Commif-fioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal of Ireland, for the time being, for the enforcing of any Order or Proceeding of the Commif-fioners under this Adi, for the better Regulation or Management of any fuch endowed Schools of Private Foundation in Ireland* as well as of any of the other Schools already deferibed in this Adi ; it flialJ and may be lawful for the Commiflioner* under this Adi, to make a fum* mary Application by Petition to the Lord High Chancellor, or to the

Commifiioners





4*1

A.D.1813.	53*GEO.	III.	C.107.

Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal, praying that an Order may be made by the Lord High Chancellor, or Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal, on the fubjed of fuch Application ; whereupon it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor, or the Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal, upon fuch fummary Application, to make fuch Order and to give fuch Diredion refptding any fuch endowed School in Ireland, of Private Foundation, as to him or them ftiall feem fitting and expedient for the Purpofes aforefaid, or any Part thereof, and to dired tnat the Cofts of fuch Application (hall be paid out of any Fund or Funds appropriated to the Ufe or Benefit of the School refpeding which fuch Application (hall be made as aforefaid: Provided always, that in all cafes in which an Application (hall be made to the Lord High Chancellor, or Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal, by the faid Commiflioners under this Ad, whenfoever it (hall appear to the Lord High Chancellor, or Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal, that the Mifmanagement of any fuch endowed School of Private Foundation, or the Mifapplication of its Funds and Revenues, are fo great as to render the Dire&ors, Managers or Truftees thereof unfit to continue to have the Management of fuch endowed School of Private Foundation, or the Diredion or Application of the Funds and Revenues thereof; that then and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor, or Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal, and they are hereby empowered to declare and decree fuch Diredors, Managers or Truftees to be removed from the Trufts of fuch endowed School of Private Foundation, and the Management thereof; in which cafe the Lord High Chancellor, or Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal, may further dired that the Execution of the faid Truft or Trufts (hall devolve upon and be veiled in the Commiflioners under this Ad, or be provided for in fuch other manner as the Lord High Chancellor, or Commiflioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal, (hall by his or their Order think fit to dired; which Commiflioners under this Ad, and their SuccefTors, or the other Perfons on whom the Truft or Trufts (hall fo be decreed to devolve, (hall in that cafe have the Funds and Revenues, Diredion and Management, of the faid Schools veiled in them.

XVII.	And be it further enaded. That all and every Agreement and Agreements in Writing heretofore made by the prefent Mailer of any of the Schools of Royal Foundation heretofore mentioned, under the Diredion of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or under the Diredion of the Lord Primate, concerting the Diftribution or Application of the Income, Revenues or Emoluments of fuch School, or of the Mafter thereof, or fo granted for the Ufe of fuch School, or of the Mailer thereof as aforefaid, any Part, Share or Proportion of fuch Income, Revenues or Emoluments, (hall be good, valid and effedual, according to the Terms thereof refpedively, fo long as fuch Mafter (hall continue to hold the faid Oflice, but no longer.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That the School-mafters of the faid feveral endowed Schools in Ireland, included within this Ad, (hall continue to be refpedively appointed in the fame manner in all refpeds as if this Ad had not palfed ; and that the Under Mafter or Mailers, if any (hall be under this Ad

E e 3	endowed

Court of Chaa-cery may remove Trufteea, kc. of Private Schools, and commit Care thereof to Com-miflioneri.

Agreement* made with Millers of School* of Royal Foundation confirmed.

Appointment cf Mailers and Under Matters,



423

C.X07.

53" GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

CommidSoneri may apply to Lord Lieutenant for Ad-

Iuftalmtnu,

endowed at any of the faid Schools, (hall and may be appointed by the Head Mailer, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the feveral Perfons in whom the Appointment of the Head Mailer or Mailers is veiled.

XIX. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Commiffioners under this A& for the time being, 4 (i iw	whenever	they (hall deem it expedient fo to do, to prefent a Petition

vance of Money to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of to build Schools, Ireland for the time being, fetting forth the Neceffity of purchafing, See. repaid out of building, rebuilding, enlarging or repairing any School Houfe be-Revenues by longing to any School under the Jurifdi&ion of the faid Commiffioners by virtue of this A61, or any of the Appurtenances or Accommodations belonging to or neceffary for the convenient Ufe of fuch School, together with a particular Ellimate thereof and the Sum required for fuch Purpofe 5 and alfo fetting forth, that the Profits of the Lands belonging to fuch School are infufficient to fupply fo large a Sum in convenient time, and praying that the fame may be advanced out of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland, to fome Perfon or Perfons to be named in fuch Petition for that Purpofe; and fetting forth what yearly Sum, being not lefs than Ten per Centum on the Sum required, can be paid out of the Revenues of fuch School to replace the Sum fo to be advanced ; and thereupon it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, if he pr they (hall think proper fo to do, to dire& that fuch Sum as he or they (hall thiuk proper, not exceeding the Sum required by fuch Petition, (hall be advanced out of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall be fo named for that Purpofe, either altogether or in fuch Payments or by fuch Inftah ments as the faid Lord Lieutenant (hall think proper : Provided always, that no fuch Sum or any Part thereof (hall be fo advanced, until fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall have given good and fufficient Security, by Recognizance, with Two Sureties, to the Satisfaction of the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, or the Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer for the time being, or any Three of them, for the faithful Expenditure of the fame, according to Particulars, and an Ellimate mentioned in the faid petition.

XX* And be it further enadted, That, from and after the Advance of any fuch Sum and Sums out of the Confolidated Fund pf Ireland as aforefaid, the yearly Sums mentioned in fuch Petition for the Repayment of the fame (hall be from time to time paid into the Office ot the Receiver General of the Duties of Cuiloms and Excife in Dublin, until the Whole of each and every fuch Sum or Sums fo advanced (hall be duly difeharged 5 and all fuch Money fo repaid and received (hall be carried to and made Part, of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland.

XXIf Provided always, and be it ena£led. That it (hall and may be lawful tq and for the faid Commiffioners under this A& to order ~!d	"f*	and dire£l that any Tenant or Tenants of any Lands belonging to

Psymenfof an7 fuch School, fqr which any fuch Sum or Sums (hall be fo jiual Jnipilmcntjh advanced, together ^ith the Lands occupied by fuch Tenant ot Tenants, (haU be affigned over to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall be named for that Purpofe by the Lord High Treafurer or CommiflSopers

4.	*	*	'

Pronto,

Repayment of Sum* fo fd-

Commit oners may direct Tenants and Lands



A.D.xti].

53® GEO. IH.

C.107.	4*)

for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer, or any Three of them, fpr the time being; and from thenceforth until fuch Tenant or Tenants, and the Land fo occupied by fuch Tenant or Tenants*

(hall be re-affigned, fuch Tenant or Tenants haring received Notice of fuch Affiznment, (hall be bound to pay his or their Rent or Renta to fuch Perfon or Perfons as if a regular Attornment had beeh executed; and it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Perfon or Perfons to recover any fuch Rent, by Diftrefs, Ejedment or otherwife, as the Perfon or Perfons entitled to the faid Rent might lawfully do $ and all and every Sum and Sums fo received by fuch Perfon or Perfons, his and their reasonable Cofts being; firft dedu&ed, (hall by him or them be paid into the Office of the laid Receiver General, to be applied in the manner and for the Purpofes aforefaid.

‘ XXII. And whereas by an Ad parted in Ireland, in the isEHs.(l.) 4 Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her Majefty Queen Elizabeth) inti- «• *•

1	~~	ou;	it	was,	among	other

School within every Diocefe of Ireland; and that the Salanr of the Schoolmafter therein (hould be paid. One Third thereof by the Ordinary, and the other Two Third Parts by the Parfons,

Vicars, Prebendaries and other Ecclefiaftical Perfons of the fame Diocefe: And whereas further Provifions for the more effedual ereding and better regulating of Free Schools in Ireland, were made by Two Ads parted in the Parliament of Ireland, the One s*0.i. c.9. in the Twelfth Year of His late Majefty King George the Firft, 190.0. c.7. and the other in the Twenty ninth Year of His late Majefty King George the Second: And whereas it hath happened, from various Caufes, that in Several Diocefes in Ireland fuch Schools are not now duly kept and maintained, and it may be convenient that Two or more Diocefes (hould be united, for the Purpofe of keeping and maintaining fuch Schools 5* Be it therefore enaded, That it (hall	united

nd may be lawful to and for the Commiffioners for the time being under this Ad, in all cafes in which they (hall deem it expedient,	<*n*

by *pd with the Confent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, to dired and declare that any Two or more adjoining Diocefes in Ireland, (hall be united into one Diftrid* and to dired that the Free Schools of fuch Two or more Diocefes (hall be consolidated into One Free School; to be thenceforth kept and held in fuch Place within the (aid Diocefes as the faid Commiffioners, with fuch Confent and Approbation as aforefaid,

(hall in and by fuch Warrant dired for that Purpofe; and thereupon and from thenceforth all and every Salaries and Salary payable to the Schoolmafters of the faid feveral Diocefes fo united, (hall from thenceforth be payable to the Schoolmafter of fuch Diftrid only for his own foie Ule; and every fuch Schoolmafter (hall have the tame Right to the faid Salaries, and the fame Remedies and Advantages for and in refped of the raffing, colleding and enforcing the fame refpedively, as the feveral Schoolmafters of fuch Diocefes fo united would or might refpedively have had, in cafe fuch Union had not taken place under or by virtue of the (aid recited Ads or this

Aft.

XXIII.	Provided alfo, and be it enaded. That if in cafe any Appobtmsm of Two or more Diocefes (hall be united into One Diftrid, under the sXotAmeAm'in

thenceforth be a Free

Ee 4

Provffione Unhid Dioctftt





C.ioy.

Provision for Support of Dio-ceun Schools appointed.

BiAiopsmay appoint Collectors to levy fuch Sums.

*c. empowered to convey hand to Commiflloiu-rs under A 't, for Scire ofPioce-jau bchook.

\

53° GEO. III.	A.D. 1813.

Proviilons of this Adi, the Mafters of the Free Schools whereof are not appointed by the fame Perfon, then and in every fuch cafe, the Firft Appointment of a Schoolmafter for fuch united Diltndt, (hall be made by the Perfon, who if fuch Union had not taken place, would have the Right of Appointment in that Diocefe from whence the Mailer of the School in fuch Diftricl fhnll derive the largefl Portion ot his Salary ; and the Second Turn (hall in like manner follow the Portion of Salary next in Amount, and fo on to the lowed; after which the fame Rotation {hall take place again, and continue from thenceforth.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by and with the Advice of the Privy Council in Ireland, to appoint what Provifion, Stipend or Salary, (hall he paid to the Schoolmaiter of every Dioccfan or Diftridt School, and what Portion and Portions of fuch Salary {hall be railed and paid in each and every Diocefe of any fuch Diiiridts where fuch Diftridt School {hall be eftablifhed ; One Third Part of all which Sum or Sums of Money fhall be levied on and paid by the faid Bilhops in their refpedtive Diocefcs, and the remaining Two Third Parts of fuch Sum and Sums of Money {hall be levied on ar.d paid by the faid Parfons, Vicars, Prebendaries and other Ecclefiaftical Perfons, by an equal Contribution according to the Values of their refpedtive Benefices, to be from time to time ascertained by the Bilhcp of every Diocefe, by and with the Confcnt and Concurrence of the Archbifhop of the Province in which fuch Dioccle {hall be fituate.

XXV.	And be it further enadled, That it {hall be lawful for the Bifhop of every Diocefe in Ireland, to appoint One or more Col-ledtor or Colle&ors to receive all and every fuch Sum and Sums of Money as {hall be fo charged on and payable by fuch Bifhops and by fuch Parfons and other Ecclefiaftical Perfons within fuch Diocefe; and to allow and pay to fuch Agent any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Amount of One Shilling in the Pound, on all Money collected by him, as fuch Bifhop (hall think fit ; and to take Security from fuch Agent for the due Payment of all fuch Sums and Sum of Money to the Schoolmafter or Schoolmafters of the School, in fuch Diocefe or in the Diftridt of which fuch Dicccfe may form a Part, according to the Provilions contained in the laid recited Adts and this Adt ; and that if any fuch Parfon or other Ecclefiaftical Perfon fhall for the Space of Three Months after the Sum payable by him {hall be demanded by fuch Collcdtor, refute or neglect to pay the fame to fuch Collector, it fhall and may be lawful for the Archbilhop or Bifiiop to iequefter the Profits of the Benclice belonging to fuch Parfon or other Ecclefiaftical Perfon, for the Payment thereof, until the fame fhali be levied and paid.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted. That it thall and may be lawful for every Archbifhop, Bifhop, Dean and Chapter, Dean, Dignitary, Prebendary or Redior of any Parith, or for any Tenant in Fee Simple, Tenant in Tail or Tenant for Life with Remainder in Fee, or in Tail General or Special to his or her HTuc, or any of them, by Deed to be enrolled in the High Court ot Chancery in Ireland, to fet apart and convey to the faid Commit* fiouers and their Succeffors, for the Ufe of any Diocefun or DiftriA

1	School,

4*5

A.D.i8i3*	53°GEO. III.	C.	107.

School, any Piece or Parcel of Ground not exceeding Two Plantation Acres, which may be agreed to be chofen or appointed as aforefaid, for the Scite of fuch Diocefan or Diltridl School; and that fuch Piece of Ground fo fet apart and conveyed, (hall from thenceforth be the Scite of fuch School; and that all and every Piece or Parcel of Ground now held or ufed as and for the Scite of any Diocefan School, and which at any time hereafter (hall ceafe to be ufed as fuch, fhall {land and be veiled in the faid Com-miffioners and their Succefibrs, who lhall have Power to demife the fame for any Term not exceeding Thirty one Years, without Fine, and for the bell Rent that can be reasonably got for the fame ; and to apply the Rent thereof for the Ufe of the School of fuch Diocefe or Diftridt, in fuch manner as they lhall think proper; or to fell the Fee and Inheritance thereof, or fuch Term or Intereft therein as lhall be fo veiled in them, and to apply the Purchafe Money in like manner.

XXVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That, for the obtaining and providing of School Houfes, in fuch Situations as the Commillioners under this Adi may deem proper and convenient, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the Commillioners under this Adi for the time being, to purchafe to them and their SuccelTors refpedlively Houfes already built, with Convcniencies thereunto belonging, or Lands and Tenements, fit for fuch Buildings and Conveniencies for School Ploufes, and for the Habitations of Schoolmallers and their Succcf-fors, for ever, thenceforth to be Part of the Demefne and Land belonging to any School unalienable, and not to be let or difpofed of to any other Ufe whatever; and alfo that it lhall and may be lawful for the faid Commillioners under this Adi, for the time being, by Deed or Deeds, to exchange any Part of the Demefnes or Lands belonging to any School under the Jurifdiction of the faid Comrailfioners. with any Perfon or Perfons, or Body Corporate or Politic, for Lands of equal Value, Worth and Purchafe, lying more convenient for the Scite of any fuch School than fuch Demefnes or Lands of the faid Schools fo to be exchanged; and that it lhall and may be lawful to and for all and every Perfons and Perfon, being feifed of an Ellate Tail in Pofleffion, and for all and every Perfons and Perfon being feifed of an Ellate for Life in Pofleffion, by his or their Deed or Deeds under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to grant, fell and exchange fuch his or their Lands, or any Part thereof, for any Demefne for any Free School, or for any Mailer of a Free School, in fuch manner and to fuch EfFedt as Perfons feifed of any Ellate Tail in Pofleffion, or any Eflate for Life in Pofleffion, are enabled to grant, fell or exchange fuch Lands, under or by virtue of any Adi or Adis in force in Ireland relative to exchange of Glebe Lands, or for the Encouragement of Protellant Schools there, and under fuch Rellriclions and Regulations as are contained in an Acl made by the Parliament of Ireland, in the Second Year of the Reign of Her late Majelly Queen Anne> for the Exchange of Glebes belonging to Churches in Ireland, or any A6t or Adis for amending the fame, or for extending the Benefits thereof.

XXVIII.	And be it further enadled, That it lhall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County in which any Diocefan School or Diftridt School, or the Scite appointed for the fame,

lhall

Commiflioners empowered to porclttfe Houfes, exchange Lands, &c. for Scite* of Schools

2 Ann .(I.) c.io.

Pref ntment* by Grand Juries to build School-houfes, &c.

 CjOOQle

426	C.io7>io8.	53rGEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

(hall be, to prefent on the County any Sum or Sums which thfy (hall think proper, for purchafing, providing, building or repairing any fuch School Houfe or a Dwelling Houfe, for the Matter thereof, or any of the Offices or Appurtenances properly belonging to fuch School Houfe or Dwelling Houfe, or for purchafing or procuring a Scite for the fame, not exceeding the faid Quantity of Two Plantation Acres: Provided always, that whenever any Grand Jury ihall make fuch Preferment for any School Houfe or Dwelling Houfe as and for the School Houfe of the Diocefe only, within which fuch County fhall be fituate, 'or as and for tbe Dwelling Houfe of the Schoolmafler of fuch Diocefan School only, fuch Diocefe (hall not be or remain united to or with any other Diocefe, under any of the Provifions of this Adi ; but fuch Diocefan School (hall be fupported within its proper Diocefe only; and tbe Money raifed in fuch Diocefe (hall be applied folely and entirely to the Ufe of fuch Diocefan School, and not to any Diftrid School, or other School out of fuch Diocefe.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded, That if any of the Perfons liable to be fummoned under any of the Provifions in this Ad contained, or having the Care or Cullody of any Papers, Voucher?, Books, Deeds, Evidences, Terriers, Maps, Surveys or other Documents required to be produced by the Commiffioners under this Ad, (hall, after being duly fummoned, omit to attend, or (hall refufe or decline to be examined on Oath, or to produce any of the faid Papers, Vouchers, Books, Deeds, Evidences, Terriers, Maps, Surveys or other Documents, then and as often as it (ha 11 fo happen, every fuch Perfon (hall he deemed guilty of difobeying this Ad ; and being duly convided thereof before 3ny One Magiflrate, for every fuch Offence (hall be fined fuch Sum, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, as fuch Magiftrate (hall think proper.

XXX.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons, who by this Ad are required to be examined on Oath, or to take any Oath in the Execution of this Ad, (hall wilfully fwear falfely, fuch Perfon or Perfons being thereof duly convided according to Law, (hall be fubjed and liable to fuch Pains, Penalties and Difabilities, as Perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are fubjed and liable to by any Law or Law9 in force in Ireland.

CAP. CVIII.

An Aft for altering, explaining and amending an Aft of the Forty eighth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for granting Stamp Duties in Great Britainy with regard to the Duties on Re-iffuable Promiffory Notes, and on Conveyances on the Sale and Mortgage of Property ; for better enabling the Commiffioners of Stamps to give Relief in Cafes of fpoiled Stamps, and to remit Penalties; for exempting certain Inftruments from Stamp Duty; and for better fecuring the Duties on Stage Coaches. [10th July 1813.]

48G.3.V.Z49.	* TT7HEREAS by an Ad, paffed in the Forty eighth Year of

4 VV His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for repealing the 4 Stamp Duties on Deeds, Law-Proceedings, and other •written or 4 printed Injlruments, and tbe Duties on Legacies and Succejftotu to Per-

• fonal

Perfons fum-moned, not attending.

Penalty.

Perjury,

Ciio8*

4*7

A.D.i8t3.

53* GEO. III.

fonal Eftate upon InUjUries mow payable in Great Britain, and for granting new Duties in Gen thereof certain Stamp Duties were Sch.Purt.1. unpofcd upon Promiffory Notes for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demaod: And it was enaded, that it (hould be lawful S 1J* for any Banker or Bankers, or other Perfon or Perfona, who (hould hare made and iffued any Promiffory Notes for the Payment to the Bearer on Demand of any Sum of Money, not exceeding Two Pounds and Two Shillings each, duly (lamped according to the Diredions of the faid Act, to re-iffue the fame from time to time after Payment thereof, as often as he or they (hould think fit, without being liable to pay any further Duty in refped thereof; and that it (hotud alio be lawful for any Banker or Bankers, or other Perfon or Perfons who (hould hare made and iffued any Pro* miffory Notes for the Payment to the Bearer on Demand of any Sum of Money exceeding Two Pounds and Two Shillings, and not exceeding One hundred Pounds each, duly damped according to the Diredions of the faid Ad, from time to time after the Payment thereof, and within the Term of Three Years from the Date thereof, but not afterwards, to re-iffue any fuch Pro* miffory Notes without being liable to pay any further Duty in refped thereof: And whereas divers Promiffory Notes of the De-fenption aforefaid, made and iffued by Bankers or other Perfons in Partner (hip, have after the Payment thereof been re-iffued, by and as the Notes of fome only of the Perfons who originally made and iffued the fame, or by and as the Notes of One or more of fuch Perfons, and fome other Perfon or Perfons taken into Partnerfhip with him or them, without Payment of any further Duty in refped thereof; whereby Penalties have been incurred to a great Amount, and fuch Notes are not available to the Holders thereof for want of being duly damped; And whereas it is expedient to indemnify fuch Perfons as have incurred Penalties by this Midake of the Law, aad to exempt Promiffory Notes of the Defcription aforefaid, for which the Duty (hall have been once paid, from the Payment of any further Duty; and alfo to limit the time for re-iffuing fuch Pro-miffory Notes for any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds and Two ShillingsMay it therefore pleafe Your Majedy, that it may be naded; and be it euaded bv the King's Mod Excellent Maiefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling indemnity from of this Ad, all Perfons who (hall have incurred any Penalty or Pe- Penalties iiu nalties by the ways and means aforefaid, (hall be and they are curred. hereby indemnified from the fame; and that, from and after the Promiffory palling of this A d, all Promiffory Notes for the Payment to the Notes for icxx Bearer on Demand, of any Sum of Money not exceeding One orh!c?,.(or hundred Pounds, for which the proper Sump Duties (haS have "n<£ JJyjjJ been once paid according to the Provifions of the faid Ad, and which what cafe ex-(hall have been or (hall be re-iffued at any time or times before or empted from after the palling of this Ad, (hall be deemed and taken not to have farther Duty* been liable to, and (hall be exempted from the Payment of any further Duty by reafon or on account of the fame being or having been jrefpedively re-iffued by and as the Notes of fome only of the Perfona who originally made and iffued the fame, or by and as the Notes of pay 009 or more of the Perfons who originally made and iffued the

lame





428

C. 108.

To what Notes Exemption not to extend.

PromifTory Notes for zl. 2s. or under, not rc-iffiied after Expiration of Three Years from Date in England.

Re-iflTuine fuch Notes after Thrte Years, not cancelling lame.

Penalty.

Further Duty on Notes re if-

o

Act.

53* GEO. III.	A.D.	1813.

fame, and any other Perfon or Perfon* jointly, fo that fuch Note* (hall not have been or (hall not be in any manner erafed or altered after the firft making and iffuing thereof; and fo that fuch Notes for any Sum exceeding Two Pounds and Two Shillings fhall not hate been or fhall not be re-iflued after the Period allowed by the faid recited Act ; and fo that fuch Notes, for any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds and Two Shillings fhall not be re-iflued after the Period allowed tv this Atl.

II. Provided always, and be it further enadted. That nothing hereinbefore contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to any Perfon or Perfons in Scotland\ or to any PromifTory Notes re-iflued or to be re-ifTued by any Perfon or Perfons in Scotland, or to any PromifTory Notes upon which any Adfcion or Suit fhall hart been commenced and be depending at the time of the palling of this Adi for the Recovery of the Sums therein mentioned, or which fhall be neceffary to be given in Evidence in any Adlion or Suit depending at the time of the palling of this A61, or which fhall have been re-ifTued by any Perfon or Perfons not being the original Maker or Makers thereof, againft whom any Commiflion of Bankrupt fhall have been iffued and be in progrefs at the time of the palling of this Adi.

Ill And be it further enadled, That, from and after the Tenth Day of OQober One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, no Pro-miffory Note for the Payment to the Bearer on Demand of any Sun not exceeding Two Pounds and Two Shillings, fhall be re-i/Tued by any Banker or Bankers, or other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever in England (lave and except the Governor and Company of the Bank of England), at any time after the Expiration of Three Years from the Date thereof; but that all fuch PromifTory Notes for any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings (except thofe of the Bank of England), fhall upon Payment thereof at any time after the faid Tenth Day of OQober One thoufand eight Hun-dred and thirteen, and after the Expiration of Three Years from the Date thereof, be deemed and taken to be thereupon wholly dif-charged, vacated and fatisfied, and fhall be no longer negotiable or available in any maimer whatfoever, but fhall be forthwith cancelled by the Perfon or Perfons paying the fame 5 any thing in the faid recited A6t contained to the contrary notwithflanding; and if anr Banker or Bankers, or other Perfon or Perfons (except as aforefaid) fhall re-iflue, or caufe or permit to be re-ifTued, any fuch PromifTory Note at a iy time after the faid Tenth Day of OQober One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and after the Expiration of Three Yean from the Date thereof, or if any Banker or Bankers, or other Perfon or Perfons, paying or caufing to be paid any fuch PromifTory Note, fhall refufe or n. ghel to cancel the fame according to the Directions of this Act, then and in either of thofe cafes the Banker or Bankers, or other Perfon or Perfons fo offending, fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds ; and in cafe of any fuch PromifTory Note being re-iflued contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this A Cl, the Banker or Bankers or other Perfon or Per-Tons rc-iffuing the lame, or caufing or permitting the fame to be re-ifTued, fhall alfo be anfwcrable and accountable to His Majcfty, his Heirs atid Succeffors, for a further Duty in rvfpeCl of even* f»ch Note, of fuch arid the fame Amount as would hare been chargeable

tlicrcoa



C. ro8.

429

thereon in cafe the fame had been then iffued for the firft time, and fo from time to time as often as the fame (hall be fo re-iffued; which further Duty (hall and may be fued for and recovered accordingly, aa a Debt to Hi9 Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors ; and if any Perfon or Perfona (hall receive or take any fuch Note in Payment of or as a Security for the Sum therein expreffed, knowing the fame to be re-iflued contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Ad, he, Ihe or they fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds ; and the faid feveral Penalties hereby impofed fhall go to His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, and fhall and may be recovered in fuch and the fame manner as any other Penalties impofed by any of the Laws in force relating to the Stamp Duties.

IV.	And, to remove Doubts that have arifen, be it furtherenaded and declared. That Copies of Court Roll made fubfequent to the Tenth Day of OBober One thoufand eight hundred and eight, of Surrenders made in Court prior to that Day, upon the Mortgage or Sale of Copyhold or Cuftomary Eftates, were not intended and fhall not be deemed or taken to be charged with any of the ad valorem Duties impofed by the faid Ad of the Forty eighth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, under the Head of Mortgage or of Conveyance upon the Sale of Lands.

V.	And be it further enaded, That where any Deed or Inftru-ment, operating as a Conveyance on the Sale of any Property, fhall alfo operate as a Conveyance of any other than the Property fold, by way of Settlement, or for any other Purpofe whatever, or fhall alfo contain any other Matter or Thing befideswhat (hall be incident to the Conveyance of the Property fold, every fuch Deed or In-flrument fhall be charged, in addition to the Duty to which it (hall be liable as a Conveyance on the Sale of Property and to any pro-greflive Duty to which it may alfo be liable, with fuch further Stamp Duty, as any feparatc Deed containing the other Matters would have been chargable with, cxclufive of the progreflive Duty; but all Deeds or Inftruments of this Defcription, made before the palling of this Ad, if any, (hall be deemed duly (tamped and valid, although the fame (hail not have paid any fuch further Stamp Duty.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That where any Lands or other Property feparately contracted to be purchafcd of different Perfons, (hall be conveyed to the Purchafer, or according to the Purchafer’s Direction, in and by one and the fame Deed or Inltrument, fuch Deed or Inltrument (hall be charged with the ad valorem Duties impofed by the faid Ad of the Forty eighth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, on Conveyances on the Sale of Property, for and in eefped of tiie feparate Prices paid or agreed to be paid for fuch Lands or other Property, and not for and in refped of the aggregate Amount thereof; but all Deeds or Inftruments of this Defcription made before the palling of this Ad, if any, fhall be deemed duly damped and valid, whether the faid ad valorem Duties (hall have been paid-for the fame, according to the aggregate Amount of the Purchafc' Monies, or in the manner hereby directed.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That where the Equity or Right' of Redemption or Reverlaon of any Lands, or other Property, in Mortgage or Wadfct, or Handing pledged or charged for or with the Payment of any Sum of Money, fhall be conveyed to or for the Benefit of or according to the Direction of the Peribn or Perfons

entitled

Taking Notes, knowing fame to be re-iflued contrary to Ad. Penalty.

Certain Copies of Court Roll declared exempt from ad valorem Duties.

Conveyances on Sale, containing' other Matters, to pay a further Duty.

Conveyances of Property pur-chaled of different Perfons, how charged with.id valorem Duties.

Conveyances of

F<]uity or Ri.’hc

01 Redemption ;>r Rtveiiion of Trop-rt) in M -rt.-n’e or Wat:lit, in Con-'



43<>

C. 108.

53° GEO. III.

A.D. 1813.

(ioeration 0£ Money due, te pay ad valorem Duty.

Duplicate* of Mortgages or Conveyances on Si\t, one Part only charged.

Several Deeds for e deling Conveyance of Property fold,, and Doubts arU Cog which ita principal Deed liable to ad valorem Duty, Parties may determine.

Stamps for denoting Payment of ad valorem Duties on Mortgages on certain lnftru-ments exempted therefrom by 4*0.3. 6X49*

Powers of

CommifOuners •f Sumps, for

entitled to the Money charged thereon, either in Confideration of tbe Money due, or in Confideration of that and of any further Sum, paid or agreed to be paid, the Conveyance thereof (hall be deemed and taken to he a Conveyance upon tne Sale of Property, and the Money due (hall be deemed and taken to be the Purchafe Money or Part of the Purchafe Money for the fame, as the cafe may be, and the Con-rcyance (hall be liable to the ad valorem Duty accordingly ; but all Conveyances of this Sort made before the palling of this A6k, if any, (hall be deemed duly (lamped and valid, although the fame (hall not have paid the ad valorem Duty in refpe& of the Money due.

VIII. And be it further enabled, That where there (hall be Duplicates or Triplicates made of any Inftrument, by the faid A6t of the Forty eighth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, charged with the ad valorem Duty thereby impofed on Mortgages, or on Conveyances on the Sale of Lands or other Property, one of fuch Duplicates or Triplicates only (hall be charged with the faid ad valorem Duty, and the other or others of them (hall- be exempted therefrom, but (hall neverthelefs be charged with the orditiary Duty on Deeds and Conveyances in general; and the Comraiffioners or Stamps, upon the whole being produced to them, duly (lamped as hereby required, (hall caufe the Tatter to be alfo Ramped with fome particular Stamp, for denoting or tedifying the Payment of the faid ad valorem Duty.

IX* And be it further enabled, That where there (hall be feveral Deeds or InRruments for effe&ing the Conveyance of any Property upon the Sale thereof, and any Doubt (hall arife which is the principal Deed or Inftrument chargeable with the ad valorem Duty in refpe£l of fuch Sale, in cafes not exprefsly provided for by the faid Ack of the Forty eighth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, it (hall be lawful for the Parties concerned to determine for themfelves which (hall be the principal Deed or Inftrument; and upon all the (aid Deeds or Instalments being produced, and appearing to be duly Ramped, it (hall be lawful for the (aid Commilnoners of Stamps to caufe thofe which (hall not be Ramped with the ad valorem Duty, to be alfo damped with fome particular Stamp, for denoting or tedifying the Payment thereof.

X* And be it further ena&ed. That in cafes of Deeds and Inftru-ments by the faid Ad of the Forty eighth Year of His Majefty’s Reign exempted from the ad valorem Duty on Mortgages, on tbe Ground of the fame being made in purfuance of and conformably to any Agreement, Contrail or Bond thereby charged with, and which (hall aSuallv have* paid the laid ad valorem Duty, it (hall be lawful for tha faid Commiffiooers of Stamps, where it (hall appear to them to be neccflary for the Sake of Evidence, to caufe fuch exempted Deeds or Inftruments to be alfo damped with fome particular Stamp, for denoting or teftifying the Payment of the faid ad valorem Duty ; provided fuch Deeds or Inftruments (hall have paid the other Duties to which they (hall be liable, and be produced duly damped accordingly*

• XI. And whereas the Powers at prefent veiled in the Com-4 miffioners of Stamps for the Allowance and Exchange of fpolled 4 Stamps, are not fufficiently extenfive, and it is expedient to autho-4 rise them to give Relief in the cafes hereinafter mentionedBe it therefore further ena&ed, That, from and after the palling of this A$f it (hall be bwfol for the Commiffiooers of Stamps to allow as

fpoiled,



C. io8.

43*

fpoiled, and to cancel and give other Stamp® in lien of all fuch Stamps as (hail have been ufed for or upon any Prefentations to Ecdcfiaftical Benefices, which (hall not be followed by Inftitution 5 or for or upon any Inftruments which (hall have been figned by any Party or Parties, but which (hall be afterwards found to be abfolutely void in Law from the beginning, or which by reafon of any Error or Miftake therein ihall be afterwards found unfit for the Purpofe originally intended, or which, by reafon of the Death of any Perfon, whofe Signature ihall be neceffary thereto, without having figned the fame, or by reafon of the Refufal of any fuch Perfon to fign the fame, cannot be completed, fo as to effed the Tranfadion in the Form propofed, or which, for want of the Signature of fome material and neceffaiy Party, (hall in fad be incomplete and inefficient for the Purpofe intended, or which, by reafon of the Refufal of any Perfon to ad under the fame, or by the Refufal or Non acceptance of any Office thereby granted, (hall fail of their intended Purpofe, or which, for want of Inrolment or Regiftration within the time required by Law, ihall become null and void, or which (hall become ufelefs in confe-quence of the Tranfadion therein mentioned being effeded by fome other Inftrument or Inftruments duly (lamped, fo that the Inftruments for which an Allowance of Stamps (hall be claimed in the feveral cafes aforefaid, (hall be delivered up to the faid Commiffioners to be cancelled ; and provided the Application for the Relief which the faid Commiffioners are hereby authorized to give, (hall be made within Six Calendar Months after tne paffing of this Ad, or within Six Calendar Months after tbe Date of the Inftrument in Queftion, except where the fame (hall become void for want of Inrolment within Six Calendar Months from the Date, and in thofe cafes, within Six Calendar Months next after the fame (hall fo become void ; and except where (he fame (hall have been fent abroad, and in thofe cafes, within Six Calendar Months after tbe fame (hall be received back; and provided no Adion (hall have been brought or Suit commenced, in which fuch Inftrument could or would have been given or offered in Evidence; and provided all the Fads upon which the faid Com-miffioners are hereby authorized to give Relief, (hall be fully proved Oath, or foleum Affirmation in the cafe of Quakers, to their Satisfadion.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing hereinbefore contained refpeding the Allowance of fpoiled Stamps, (hall extend to Policies of Infurance, for which fpecial Provifion is already made by the Ads relating thereto.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That the time for giving Relief, ia the cafes provided for by an Ad of the Fiftieth Year of His Ma-iefty’s Reign, where Stamps (hall have been uled of greater or le(s Value than the Inftruments required, and where Stamps (hall have been ufed for Inftruments not liable to any Stamp Duty, (hall be extended to Six Calendar Months after the paffing of this Ad, or to Six Calendar Months after the Date of the Inftruments bearing the Stamps mifufed.

XIV.	And be it further enaded. That, from and after the paffing of this Ad, it (hall be lawful for the Commiffioners of Stamps to allow as fpoiled, and to cancel and give other Stamps in lieu of, all fuch Stamps as (hall have been ufed for any Bills of Exchange or Promif-fory Notes, which (hall have been figned by or on the behalf of the

Drawers

allowing and exchanging fpoiled Stamps, extended to a variety of cafes of In-ftruments figoed by Parties.

Provifo for Policies of Infurance.

50G.3.C.3J.

* 13—16. Time extended for Relief in certain cafes of Sumps mifufed.

Provifo for Allowance of fpoiled Stamps on Bills of Exchange and Pro-miftory Notes.





L..I03.

53ill.

A.U1IS13.

4% G. 3. c. 149. § 10.

Provifb for Allowance of as

fpoileda on cer-t.iin Articles of Cleiklhi}) to Attornicl

A\ p’ cation for AI o mce of fpoil il Stamps, m n’e within a

■imit J ti ^e.

Drawers thereof, but which (hall not have been delivered out of tbeir Hands to the Payees therein named, or any Perfon on their behalf, or liave been depofited with any Perfon as a Security for the Payment of Money, or have been any way negotiated, iffued or put in circulation, or have been made ufe of in any other manner whatfoever, and which Bills of Exchange fha!l not have been accepted by the Drawees or tendered for fuch Acceptance ; provided that fuch Bills of Exchange and Promiffory Notes (hall be brought for Allowance, and be delivered up to the faid Commiflioners to be cancelled, within Six Calendar Months after the pafling of this Ad, or within Six Calendar Months after the Date of fuch Bills and Notes, or after the Signing of the fame, if they (hall not bear any Date ; and provided all the Fa&s, upon which the faid Commiflioners are hereby authorized to give Relief, (hall be fully proved by Oath or folema Affirmation to their Satisfa£tion.

* XV. And whereas by the faid Aid of the Forty eighth Year of

*	His Majefty’s Reign, it was ena6ted. That where any Perfon fhould 4 have become bound to ferve as a Clerk, in order to his AdmifBon 4 as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of His Majefty’s Courts at ffrjl-4 minjler, or in any of the Courts of the Great Sefiions in IValts, or 4 of the Counties Palatine of Chrjlcr, Lancajler and Durham, or m 4 any other Court of Record in England, by Articles of Clerkfhip 4 duly damped according to the Laws in force at the time of the

*	Date and Execution thereof, and fhould, in confcquence of the 4 Death of his Matter, or from any other Caufe, find it neceflaryor 4 expedient to enter into new Articles of Clerkfhip, for a new Term of

*	Years, for the fame Purpofe, fuch new Articles of Clerkfhip fhould 4 be chargeable only with a Duty of One Pound and Ten Shilling?,

*	and the Counterpart or Duplicate thereof with the like Duty;

4 And whereas fome Perfons have inadvertently' ufed for fuch new 4 Articles of Clerkfhip, Stamps of the fame Value as by the bid

*	A& is required for original Articles of Clerkfhip, whereby the high 4 Duty on Articles of Clerkfhip hath been paid twice by or for the 4 fame Perfon Be it therefore further ena&ed. That in all cafes of this Sort, which have occurred or fhall occur, it fhall be lawful for the Commiflioners of Stamps to allow as fpoiled, and to cancel and give other Stamps in lieu of the Stamps ufed on the Articles of Clerkfljip firft entered into ; provided the fame fhall be delivered up to them to be cancelled within Six Calendar Months after the parting of this A£t, or within Six Calendar Months after the Execution of the new Articles ; and provided the Party applying for Relief (hall pay the Duty of One Pound and Ten Shillings by the faid Ad charged on fuch new Articles, which fhall thereupon be ftamped accordingly without Payment of any Penalty.

XVI. And be it further enabled, That where the Commiflioners of Stamps are already authorized to allow as fpoiled and to exchange any Stamps ufed for Inftniments not fully written, or not rtgned br any Party, they the faid Commiflioners fhall not make the Allowance, unlefs the Stamps fhall be brought for that Purpofe to them at their Head Office, or to their Officers at Edinburgh in cafe of Stamps fpoiled in Scotland, within Six Calendar Months after the pafling of this A 61, or within Six Calendar Months after the fame fhall hare hem fpoiled, if the fame fhall belong to Perfons refideut in London or Wejlminjlcr, or in Edinburgh, or within Ten Miles thereof refp.’c-





433

A.D.i8i3»

53° GEO.IIL

G ioflk

tively, or within Twelve Calendar Months after the lame lhall have been fpoiled, if belonging to Perfons refident elfewhere.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the Commiftioner* Commiffioners of Stamps to make fuch Rules and Regulations, and of Sta™l,s

to require Affidavits or folemn Affirmations in the cafe of Quakers, mdke of all fnch Fads and Circumftances, in regard to the Allowance of Affidavits' ^ (boiled or ufelefs Stamps, in all or any of the cafes provided for by fpeHing f}>oiled this or any former Ad, as they mall in their Difcretion judge Stamp, to pre-neceffary or expedient, for the Purpofe of preventing. Frauds and vent Frauds. Evafions; fuch Affidavits or Affirmations to be made before the faid Commiffioners or any One or more of them, or before a Mailer in Chancery Ordinary or Extraordinary in England, or before any Perfon duly commiffioned to take Affidavits by the Court of Seffion or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland ; who are hereby refpedively authorized to take the fame* and adminiller the proper Oath or Affirmation for that Purpofe.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon making Perjury, any fuch Affidavit or Affirmation as aforefaid* (hall knowingly and[ wilfully make a falfe Oath or Affirmation, of or concerning any of

the Matters to be therein fpecified and fet forth, every Perfon fo offending and being thereof lawfully convided, lhall be fubjed and liable to fuch Pains and Penalties, as by any Law now in force,

Perfons convided of wilful and corrupt Perjury are fubjed and liable to.

€ XIX. And whereas it is expedient to exempt certain Infirnments Exemptions from Stamp Duty;’ Be it therefore further enaded, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, where any additional Inventory of the Duty* Perfonal or Moveable Eftate and Effeds of any Perfon deceafed, which (hall be exhibited to be recorded in any Commiflary Court in Scotland, purfuant to the Diredions of the faid Ad of the Forty eighth Year of His Majefty’s Reign would not be liable, under the 48G.3. c 149. faid Ad, to a Stamp Duty of greater Amount than the Duty already § 40. paid upon any former Inventory exhibited and recorded of the Eftate and Effeds of the fame Perfon, fuch additional Inventory lhall be exempted from all Stamp Duty 5 and that, from and after the puffing of this Ad, the feveral other lnftruments hereinafter fpecified, lhall alfo be exempted from all Stamp Duty; that is to fay. All Bonds to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, which lhall be entered into by Card makers, for fecuring the Payment of the Stamp Duties on Playing Cards; and by the Proprietors, Printers or rublilhers of Newfpapers, for fecuring the Payment of the Duties upon the Advertifements therein contained; and by Stationers or others, who fell Paper ftamped for the Purpofe of being ufed for printing Newfpapers, for the due Performance and Observance of the Matters and Things required of them by the Ad paffed in the Thirty eighth 380.3.0.7$* Year of His Majefty's Reign for regulating the printing and Publication of Newfpapers $ and alfo all W arrants to lue and defend in the Courts Baron of any Honors or Manors which hold Picas in Adions or Suits for any Debt or Damages not exceeding Five Pounds, as well as all Plaints, Summonfes, Executions, Writs and other Proceedings, in or iffuing out of fuch Courts.

* XX. And whereas certain Grants of or Appointments to Offices

•	or Employments figned by His Majefty, or by the Lords Com*

*	miffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, have not from unavoidable

53 Geo. III.

Ff

* circuits





434

C. 108.

53* GEO. IH.	A.D.1813.

Commiflioners of Stamps authorized to ftatnp certain Inftru-xnents without Paualty.

44 C.j. «.98.

*5 C. 3. c. ji.

Stage Coach Duties.

*	circiimftancea been brought to the Commiflioners of Stamps to be 4 damped within the time limited by Law, by reafon whereof the 4 fame cannot now be damped, without Payment of Penalties over and

*	beddes the Duties; and it is expedient to give Relief in fuch cafes Be it therefore further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Com-miflionersof Stamps, by and under the Authority of the Lords Com-miflioners of His Majefty's Treafury for the time being or any Three of them, to came to be damped, fuch Grants or Appointments as aforefaid ; and alfo any Grants or Appointments of the like Defcription, which may hereafter be omitted to be damped within the time allowed by Law on Payment only of the Duties due and payable for the fame, without any Penalty ; and thereupon all fuch Grants or Appointments (hall be deemed good and valid 5 and all Perfons (hall be indemnified from all Penalties and Forfeitures oa account thereof.

4 XXL And whereas by an Aft paffed in the Forty fourth Year 4 of His Majefly's Reign, intituled An Ad to repeal the feveral 4 Duties under the Commijhoncrs for managing the Duties upon Stamped 4 Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Great Britain, and to grant new 4 and additional Duties in lieu thereof; certain Duties were granted 4 on Coaches and other Carriages employed as Public Stage Coaches 4 or Carriages for conveying Paffengerj for Hire, and alfo on

*	Licences for keeping the fame; which Duties are fecured and 4 collefted by and under the Regulations and Provifions of the faid 4 lad mentioned Aft, and of an Aft pafled in the Twenty fifth

*	Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for repealing, among other Duties,

*	the then exifting Duties on Stage Coaches, and granting others 4 in lieu thereof: And whereas it is expedient to make further 4 Provifion for preventing Frauds and Evafions of the Duties 4 on Stage Coaches, and for regulating and enforcing the taking

*	out of Licences for the fame ;* Be it therefore further enafted. That, from and after the paffing of this Aft, if any Perfon or Perfons (hall keep and employ or let out any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Diligence, Calafti, Chaife Marine, Chaife, Chair or other Carriage with Two or more Wheels, by what Name foever the fame may be called or known, as a Public Stage Coach or Carriage, for the Puiyofe of conveying PafTengers for Hire to and from different Places in Great Britain, without having a Licence from the Commiflioners of Stamps for that Purpofe, fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be charged and chargeable with, and (hall be accountable to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, for fuch and the fame Duty or Duties as he, (he or they would have been chargeable with and liable to pay for or in refpeft of fuch Coach or other Carriage under and by virtue of the faid Aft of the Forty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, in cafe he, (he or they had made the Declaration concerning the fame required by the faid Aft of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, and had thereupon obtained a proper Licence for employing or letting out fuch Coach or other Carriage for the particular Journey, Diftance or Number of Miles, and for the Number of Joumies in the Day or Week, and for the Number of PafTengers which he, (he or they (hall at any time have advertifed or have otherwife notified or held out to the Public, or to any Perfon, that fuch Coach 01 other Carriage was intended oa was employed to go and carry* or which fuch Coach

l$



C. 108.

435

A.D.1813.

530 GEO. III.

or other Carriage (hall aftually have gone and carried, at any one Period after the fame (hall have been fet up as a Public Stage Coach or Carriage, at the Election of the faid Commiflioners of Stamps ; and that the Perfon or Perfons, fo keeping and employing or letting out fuch Coach or other Carriage (half be chargeable with ana accountable for fuch Duty or Duties for the fame from the time of fuch Coach or other Carriage being fet up as a Stage Coach or Carriage, or being firft employed or ufed as fuch, without fuch Licence as aforefaid, down to the time of his, her or their taking out a Licence for the fame, or abfolutely difcontiouing the Ufe thereof; and alfo with and for the Duty or Duties which would have been payable for the proper Licence or Licences which lie, (he or they ought to have taken out for or in refpeft of fuch Coach or other Carriage during the fame Period.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That all Licences for keeping Stage Coach Coaches or other Carriages to be employed as Public Stage Coaches Licence*, or Carriages for conveying Paflengers for Hire to and from different

Places in Great Britain, which (hall have been granted at any time within Six Calendar Months preceding the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, (hall continue in force until the Thirty firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen inclufive; and that all Licences for keeping fuch Coaches or other Carriages, which (hall have been granted before the Firft Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and which (hall be in force on the Thirty firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, (hall ceafe and determine on that Day, and new Licences (hall be taken out in lieu thereof on the Dar following; and that, from and after the Thirty firft Day of Jufy One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, all Licences for keeping fuch Coaches or other Carriages to be employed as aforefaid, which (hall be granted between the Thirty firft Day of July and the Firft Day of September in any Year, (hall be dated on the Firft Day of Augufl ; and all fuch Licences which (hall be granted at any* other time (hall be dated on the Day on which the fame (hall be granted; and all fuch Licences refpeft ively (hall have Effeft and continue in force from the Day of the Date thereof, until the Thirty firft Day of July following, both inclufive, and no longer: Provided always, that nothing hereinbefore contained (hall extend or be conftrued to exteud to any of the Stage Coaches licenced by the Commiflioners of Hackney Coaches.

XXIII.	And, for better fecuring the Duties in general under Duties and P«-the Management of the Commiflioners of Stamps, be it further nakiemcoveted enafted, That in all Actions, Bills, Plaints, Informations and Pro- with ceedings, had, commenced, profecuted, entered or filed, or hereafter

to be had, commenced, profecuted, entered or filed, in the Name of His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors, or in the Name of any Perfon for and on the Behalf of His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors, for the Recovery of any Duties, Debts or Penalties granted or impofed, due or payable by or under any Aft or Afts of Parliament now in force relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commiflioners of Stamps, or by or under this Aft, it (hall be lawful for His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, to have 3nd recover fuch Duties, Debts and Penalties, with full Code of Suit, and all Charges attending the fame.

F f a	XXIV. And





43 6	O.io8, 109. 53* GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

Commiflicners XXIV. And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for of Stamps may the Commiffioners of Stamps to ftay the Proceedings in any Pro-ecution commenced by their Direftion for the Recovery of any for Penalties, Penalty or Penalties incurred by any Perfon or Perfons under any Aft or Afts of Parliament relating to any of the Duties under Part thereof. their Management, on Payment of Part only of fuch Penalty or Penalties, with or without Cods, or on Payment onlv of the Cods incurred in fuch Profecution, or any Part thereof, as the (aid Commiffioners (hall judge proper and expedient; and that it (hall alfo be lawful for the (aid Commiffioners, at their Difcretion, to give all or any Part of the Sums paid by way of Penalty in fuch Profecutions as aforefaid, to the Perfons informing them of the Offences in refpeft of which the fame (hall be paid.

OffVnces tried in XXV. And be it further enafted, That, from and after the palling County,kc. 0f this Aft, all Criminal Offences committed againd or in breach r r of any Aft or Afts of Parliament now in force, for granting or offender appre- ^ecur*nff any of the Duties under the Management of the Com-i ended.	miffioners of Stamps, (hall and may be inquired of, tried and deter-

mined, either in the County or City, or Town and County where the Offence (hall be committed, or where the Party or Parties accufed, or any of them, (hall be apprehended.

CAP. CIX.

An Aft to continue, until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, feveral Laws relating to the Duties on Glafs made in Great Britain. [loth July 1813.]

♦ TT T HERE AS the Laws hereinbefore mentioned have by Expe-4 VV rience been found ufeful and beneficial, and are near expiring,

4 and it is therefore expedient that the fame fhould be continued Be it therefore enafted by the King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confeut of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and Sn mutj10f	by the Authority of the fame, That fo much of an Aft made in

49 G. 3. c.63. the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled at was continued An A3 for repealing the Duties on the Materials ufed in mating Spread Window Glafs and Crown Glafs, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Colledion of the faid Duties, as was by another Aft made in the Fifty firft Year of the Reign aforefaid, continued until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and twelve 5 and was, by another Aft made in the Fifty lecond Year of the Reign aforefaid, further continued to the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, (hall be and the fame 11 hereby further continued, and (hall remain and continue in force until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen.

II.	And be it further enafted, That an Aft made in the Fifty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for repealing the Duty on the Materials ufed in mating FFint and Phial Glafs ; and for granting until the Firjl Day of Auguft One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, other Duties in lieu thereof; and for con• tinuing and amending an A8 pajfed in the Forty ninth Tear of His Majejly's Reign, intituled An Ad for repealing the Duties on the

Materials

by 51 G.3. c.69. § 46. further continual.

gi G. 3. c. 69.

continued.

'N

L

 LjOOQle

437

A.D.i8i3*	53*	GEO. III.	C.io9tiio.

Material$ u/ed in making Spread Window Glafs and Crown Glafs, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better ColleSion of the faid Duties, which was, by an A€t, made in the Fifty fecond Year of the Reign aforefaid, continued until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, (hall be and the fame is hereby further continued, and (hall remain and continue in force until the faid Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen.

CAP. CX.

An AQ. to fufpend the Exportation of Foreign Spirits from Great Britain to the JJle of Man under Licence from the Commiffioners of Cuftoms, and to permit the Exportation of a limited Quantity of Irijh Spirits in lieu thereof, under Licence from the Commiflioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland, from certain Ports of that Part of the Kingdom to the faid Me, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen.	£ I oth July 1813]

WHEREAS it is expedient that fo much of an A& pafled in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for regulating and encouraging the Trade% for the Improvement of the Revenue, and Prevention of Smuggling to and from the Me of Man, as requires the Commiflioners of His Majefty *8 Cuftoms in England and Scotland refpe&ively, or any Four of them, to grant Licence^ for the Importation into the Port of Douglas in the IJle of Man from any Port or Place whatever of certain Quantities of Foreign Brandy and Geneva annually, (hould be fufpended for a time to be limited, and that in lieu thereof, for the like Quantity of Spirits made or diftilled in Ireland from Corn or Grain malted or unmalted, or from Sugar, (hould be allowed to be imported into the faid Me from certain Ports in Ireland, under the fame Rules, Regulations and Reftri<ftions, and on Payment of the fame Duty as is now payable on Foreign Brandy and Geneva fo imported ;* Be it therefore ena&ed by the Kings Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the, fame, That fo much of the faid recited A6t as requires the faid Commiflioners to grant Licences for the Importation into the faid Port of Douglas from any Port or Place whatever of Foreign Brandy and Geneva, (hall be, and the fame is hereby fufpended, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen ; and in lieu thereof it (hall be lawful for the Commiflioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland, or any Three of them, and they are hereby authorifed, either to grant fuch Licences for fuch Foreign Brandy and Geneva, if the lame (hall be demanded, under the Provifions of the faid recited Aor in lieu thereof, if the fame (hall be lawfully demanded, under the Authority of this A6t to grant their Licences to be in force from the Date of every fuch Licence refpe&ively, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, for the Importation into the Port of Douglas in the IJle of Man, but to no other Place, in Britifb or Iri/h-built Ships, owned, navigated and

F f 3	regiftered

jiG. 3. c.54. $*•

45 G. 3. c.99.

§ x.

Inftead of Licences for Importation into Port of Douglas of Foreign Brandy and Geneva Licences granted, for Importation of Spirits diftilled in Ireland, on Payment of Duty of 3s. per Gallon.



C. iio, in.

Former Afls relative to Importation into Ifle of Man extended to A€t.

54 G. 3. c. 103. repealed.

VefTels on Mailer’s taking Oath of Allegiance, &c. by 3S O.i. c.91. i 17. 3»-nottolofe Benefit of Fifhing Voyage, though other Oaths not token.

530 GEO. in.	A.D.1813.

regiftered according to Law, and not of lefs Burthen than Fifty Tons, of Twenty thoufand Gallons of Spirits made or diftilled in Ireland from Com or Grain malted or unmalted, or from Sugar, and no more, from any of His Majefty’s Warehoufes in any Port in Ireland where fuch Spirits are allowed to be bonded and fecured for the Purpofe of Exportation; and that on the Importation of fuch Spirits into the faid IJleof Man there (hall be raifed, levied, colle&ed and paid unto His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, for every Gallo* of fuch Spirits the Sum of Three Shillings, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity ; any thing in any other Adi or Ads to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enaAed, That on the Importation of fuch Spirits into the IJle of Man purfuant to this Adi, all the Roles, Regulations, ReftriAions, Securities, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the faid recited Adi of the Forty fifth Year, or in any other Adi or A As of Parliament in force or relating to the Importation of Foreign Brandy and Genera into the (aid IJle of Man> and to the Payment, Recovery and Appropriation of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, and all the Claufes, Provifions, Regulations, ReftriAions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in any Adi or A As or Laws in force in relation to the IJle of Many Audi, fo far as they are not hereby altered or varied, and in relpeA of which no other Provifion is made by this AA, be and are hereby declared to be in full Force, and to extend to Irijh Spirits fo to be imported into the IJle of Man under the Authority of this AA, fo far as the fame refpeAively will apply, as fully and effeAually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were particularly repeated and re-enadied in this AA.

CAP. CXI.

An AA for the more eafy Manning of Ships and VefTels employed in the Southern Whale Fifhery. [10th July 1813.]

*	TTTHERE AS it is: expedient that Provifion fhould be made

*	VV for giving further Facility to the manning of Ships and

*	VefTels employed in the Southern Whale Fifhery than is given by an

*	A A pa<Ted in the Fifty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty’s

*	Reign, intituled An A3 for the more eafy Manning of VejfeU 4 employed in the Southern IVhale Fifhery Be it enaAed by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid A A (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enaAed, That no Ship or Veffel employed in the faid Fifhery, the Mafter of which fhall nave taken the Oath, or made the Declaration of Fidelity and Allegiance to His Majefty, required by an AA parted in the Thirty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for further encouraging and regulating the Southern IVhale Ft/beries, mall lofe the Benefit of any Fifhmg Voyage by reafon that the Mafter (hall not have taken the Oath, or made the Declaration of his having already eftablifhed, or of its being his Intention to eftablirti himfelf and Famil) in Great Britain, or by reafon that all or any of the Foreign Proteftanta employed as Mariners in navigating fuch Ship or Veffel fhall not have

Ukfr

 LiOOQle

*39

A.D.1813.	J3#GE0.IIT. C.iii, 112, 113.

taken any of the Oaths, or made any of the Declarations required by the laid Ad palled in the Thirty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for further encouraging and regulating the Southern IVhale Fi/beries.

CAP. CXII.

An AGt to enlarge the Time for commencing Profecutions for Forfeitures under certain A€ts relating to the Abolition of the Slave Trade.	[	1	oth	July 1813.]

•	TT7 HEREAS by an Ad paffed in the Forty fixth Year of the 46 G.3. «. g.

•	VV Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 to prevent

•	the Importation of Slaves, by any of His Mdjefly's Subje8s$ into 4 any Jjlandsy Colonies, Plantations or Territories belonging to any 4 Foreign Sovereign, State or Power ; and alfo to render more cffeQual 0 a certain Order made by His Maicjly in Council, on the Fifteenth 4 Day of Auguft One thoufand eight hundred andfive, for prohibiting 4 the Importation of Slaves (except in certain cafes) into any of the 4 Settlements, Iflands, Colonies or Plantations, on the Continent of 4 America, or in the Weft Indies, which have been furrendered to 4 His Majejly*s Arms during the prefent IVar; and to prevent the 4 fitting out of Foreign Slave Ships from the Britilh Ports: And

•	whereas by another Ad palled in the Forty feventh Year of the 47 G- 3.ScCT.x. 4 Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for the Abolition of c* 36*

•	the Slave Trade ; various Penalties are impofed on Perfons offending 4 againft the Provifions of the faid Ads refpedively 5 and the Ships 4 or Veffels and Boats employed in fuch Offences, and the Goods,

•	Wares, Merchandizes and Commodities on board the fame, are, in 4 various cafes, fubjeded to Forfeiture, and to be feized and pro*

•	fecuted as forfeited : And whereas the time limited by Law for 4 Profecutions, in fuch cafes, is found by Experience to be too Ihort,

4 in refped of Offences committed againft the faid Ads:* Be it therefore enaded by the \King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and

by the Authority of the fame, That all Adions, Suits, Bills, Indid- Further time menta or Informations, for the Recovery of any of the Penalties allowed for com, or Forfeitures provided or impofed by the faid Ads of the Forty wencmg Ac-lixth and Forty feventh Years of the Reign of His faid Majefty, f^offences ° or either of them, and which lhall be incurred after the palling of againft A&s for this Ad, may be commenced, had, brought, fued, exhibited or Abolition of profecuted, at any time within Three Years after the Offence com- Slave Trade, mitted, by reafon whereof fuch Penalty or Forfeiture lhall be incurred; any thing in this or the faid recited Ads, or in any other Ad contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

CAP. CXIII.

An A£k for providing Relief for the Poor Prifoners confined in the Kings Bench, Fleet and Marjhalfea, Prifons.

[10th July 1813.]

c \I7 HEREAS by an Ad made in the Forty third Year of the 43 EHx. c. a*

"* W Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An A3 for the Relief

Ff 4	'	sr

 L,ooQle

440

C. 113.	'	530GEO. III.	A.D.i8»3*

§ 12.

§14.

§ Is-

2i G. 2. c. 20.

22 G. 2. C.29.

§ 22.

$ *3-

0/ the Poor, the Juftices of the Peace of every County or Place Coiporate, at their General Seffions, were direfted to rate every Parifh to a Weekly Sum, in manner therein mentioned ; and to fet down what competent Sums of Money fhouH be fent quarterly out of every County or Place Corporate, for the Relief of the poor Prifoners of the King's Bench and Marjhalfea Prifons, fo as there were fent out of every County yearly. Twenty Shillings at the leaft to each of the faid Prifons of the King's Bench and Marjhalfea; to be collefted in manner therein exprefled, and to be paid over to the Lord Chief Juftice of England and Knight Marfhal for the time being, equally to be divided between them to the Ufe afore-faid, or in Default of the faid Chief Juftice, to the next ancienteft Juftice of the King's Bench ; and by the fame Aft it was direfted, that all Surplufage of Money which (hould remain in the Stock of any County, {hould, by the Difcretion of the Juftices of the Peace in their Quarter Seflions, be beftowed for the Relief of the poor Hofpitals in that County, and for other Charitable Purpofes: And whereas an Aft was made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majefty, King George the Second, intituled jin AS for the more effedually feeuring the Payment of certain Sums of Money direBed by an A3 made in the Forty third Tear of the Reign of Queen Elizabetn, intituled An Ad for the Relief of the Poor, to be paid by the refpeBive Treafurers in every County in England or Wafes, for the Relief of the Prifoners of the King’s Bench and Marfhalfea Prifons: And whereas by an Aft made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty, King George the Second, intituled An A3 for the more eafy affejftng, colleBing and levying of County Rates, fo much of the laid recited Aft of the Forty third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, as related to the Method of railing Money for the Relief of the King's Bench and Marjhalfea Prifons was repealed ; and fuch Sums as had been ufualfy paid to the faid King's Bench and Marjhalfea Prifons were direfted to be paid out of the Monies arifing by virtue of the faid Aft now in Recital, at fuch times and in (uch manner as was prescribed in and by the faid Aft of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of Hii faid late Majefty King George the Second : And whereas the Sums of Money provided and fecured to be paid by the aforefaid Afts are not fumcient for the Relief of the poor Prifoners confined in the faid King's Bench and Marjhalfea Prifons ; And whereas no adequate Relief has been provided for the poor Prifoners confined in the Fleet Prifon : A nd whereas it is expedient that the Provifipns contained in the faid Aft8 of the Forty third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, fo far as the fame refpeftively regard the Relief of the Poor Prifoners in the faid King's Bend and Marjhalfea Prifons, and alfo the Provifions contained in the faid Aft .of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His faid late Majefty King George the Second, (hould be repealed, and that fumcient Relief (hould be provided and fecured for the poor Pri» foners coufined in the King's Bench and Marfhalfea Prifons, and alfo fpr the poor Prifoners confined in the faid Fleet Prifon : And whereas Betblem Hofpital is a Charity for the Reception and Cure of Lunatics and diftrafted Perfons from all Parts of the Kingdom, and from His Majefty’s Fleets and Armies: and any Surplus

< which



44*

A.D.i8i3*	53°GEO.IH.	C.113.

4 which (hall remain of the Monies provided by this A&, after • relieving the poor Prifoners in the faid Prifons, may* with great 4 Propriety be bellowed towards the Relief of the faid Hofpital p May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be ena&ed ; and be it enafted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the pamng of this A&, the faid 43 Eli*, e.4. A&9 of the Forty third Year of the Reign of Queen Eli%ahetb% and 9*	*?•

the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His faid late Majefty King George fone^*r^«lod. the Second, and all and every the Claufes, Powers, Provifions,

Matters and Things therein refpe&ively contained, fo far as the fame

relate or apply to the yearly Sums provided for the Relief of the

poor Prifoners confined in the King's Bench and Marjhalfca Prifons,

and alfo the faid A A of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His ** O.a. c.10.

late Majefty King George the Second, and all and every the Claufes, wpeslsd.

Powers, Provifions, Matters and Things therein contained, (hall be

and the fame are hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enadled, That every Treafurer of every Treafurers di-County and Divifion of a County mentioned in the Schedule to this reded to pay A& annexed, fhall, on or before the Firft Day of Augufl in every

Year, payout of the Public Stock or Rates of fuch County and County Rate. Divifion of a County refpe&ively, the feveral Sums of Money fpecified in the Schedule to this Adi annexed, in manner following; that is to fay, the Sums for the Relief of the Prifoners confined in the King's Bench and Marjhalfca Prifons, to be paid to the Treafurer for the County of Surry; and the Sums for the Relief of the Prifoners confined in the Fleet Prifoo, to be paid to the Treafurer or Chamberlain of the City of London.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Treafurer for the time To whom Tsea-being of the County of Surry (hall from time to time pay the Sums fuw to pay

of Money to be received by him from the faid Treafurers, and alfo the M°ney*

Sums to be paid out of the Public Stock or Rates of the faid County of Surry, for the Relief of the Prifoners in the King's Bench and Marjbalfea Prifons, to fuch fufficient Perfon or Perfons refiding near the faid Prifons refpe&ively, at fuch times and in fuch manner as the Juftices of the Peace for the County of Surry, or the major Part of them, at their General Quarter Seffions, (hall from time to time order and diredt.

IV.	And be it further enadled. That the Treafurer or Chamberlain To whom

for the time being of the City of London (hall from time to time pay Chamberlain of the Sumo of Money to be received by him from the faid Treafurers, JjJ?™01110 W for the Relief of the Prifoners in the Fleet Prifon, to fuch fufficient °nC^*

Perfon or Perfons refiding near the faid Prifon, at fuch times and in fuch manner as the Juftices of the Peace for the City of London, or the major Part of them, at their General Quarter Seffions, (hall from time to time order and dire&.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That Receipts figned by the Receipts of

Treafurer for the time being of the County of Surry, and the Trea- Treafurers fuf-furer or Chamberlain for the time being of the City of London, for	^

any Monies payable to them refpe&ively by virtue of this A&, (hall c rge**

be fufficient Difcharges for the fame; and that Receipts figned by any Perfon or Perfons appointed by the Juftices of the Peace of the County of Surry and City of London refpe&ively, at their Quarter

Seffions





53° GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

Courts of K. B. and C. P. may enforce Compliance with Regulations of Aft.

Treafurers to regifter Names and Places of Abode.

Charge of Rules of Court paid by Treafurer.

Negle&.

Money weekly diftributed to Frifoners.

Seffions refpe&ively, to receive any Monies payable by virtue of this A6t, (hall be fufficient Difcharges to the Treafurer for the County of Surry, and the Treafurer or Chamberlain of the City of Londct refpe&ively.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Treafurer (hall aegied or refufe to par over any fuch refpe&ive Sums of Money ai ought to be paid by him to the Treafurer of the County of Surry, and the Treafurer or Chamberlain of the City of London refpc&ively at aforefaid, or any Treafurer of the County of Surry, or Treafurer or Chamberlain of the City of London, (hall negledfc or refufe ta pay over fuch refpe&ive Sums of Money as ought to be paid by bio relpe&ivcly by virtue of this A&, then and in any fuch cale, upon the Certificate or Certificates, on Oath, of the Treafurer or Tneaftnen, Perfon or Perfons, to whom the fame refpe&ively ought to be paid, being delivered to either of His Majefty’s Courts of Kin ft Bench and Common Pleas, or to the Court of Marjbalfea, of fuch Negkd or Refufal, it (hall be lawful for the faid Courts of Kings Bench, Common Pleas or Marjbalfea, or either of them, to make a Role on every fuch Treafurer fo negle&ing or refufing as aforefaid, requiring fuch Treafurer to pay the Money lo reported or certified to lie due as aforefaid; and Obedience to fuch Rules refpe&ively (hall and may be enforced by the faid Courts, in fuch manner and by fuch ways and means as Rules of the faid Courts refpe&ively are ufnaliy enforced.

VII.	And, that the faid Treafurers may be the better amenable to the faid Courts, be it further ena&ed, That every Perfon who now is or hereafter (hall be ele&ed or appointed Treafurer of any County, or Diviiion of a County, named in the Schedule to this A6t annexed, (hall, within One Calendar Month after the Firft Day of Augvfi, or within One Calendar Month after his Eledioo or Appointment refpe&ively into fuch Office of Treafurer, tranfinit his Name and Place of Abode to the Clerk of The Crown in His Majefty’s faid Court of Kings Bench, to be by him entered or regiftered in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe, for which Entries no Fee or Reward (hall be taken 5 and in cafe any fuch Treafurer (hall neglect or refufe to tranfmit his Name or Place of Abode as aforefaid, that then, upon the Report of the faid Clerk of The Crown, made to the (aid Court of King’s Bench, of fuch Negkd or Refufal, every fuch Treafurer (hall be liable to be proceeded againft in the fame manner as in cafe of negle&ing or refufing to pay fuch Money as aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That from time to time and as often as there (hall be Occafion for the faid Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas and Marjbalfea, refpe&ively, to make any Rule or Rules as aforefaid, on any of the faid Treafurers in pnrfuance of this A&, the whole Coft and Charge of making fuch Rule or Rules, and all fubfequent Charges arifing therefrom, (hall be paid by the Treafurer whofe Default or Negleft (hall caufe the making of fuch Rule.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Sum and Sums of Money provided by this A&, (hall from time to time be diftributed by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame refpe&ively (hall be dire&ed to be paid as aforefaid, by weekly Payments, for the Relief of fuch Priloners as (hall from time to time be ordered to bo relieved, in manner hereinafter mentioned.

X. And







A.D.i8i3*	13° GEO. HI.	C.113.

X. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for any Juft ice of the Peace for the County of Surry to order fuch Relief as Ixe (hall think proper, to be given to any Prifoner confined in the faid King* Bench or MarjhalfeaPrifons, and for any Alderman or Juftice of £be City of London^ to order fuch Relief as he or they (hall think proper, to be giren to any Prifoner confined in the faid Fleet Prifon, out fubje& neverthelefs to the Provifions hereinafter contained, and to any Rules, Orders and Regulations which (hall be made as hereinafter is mentioned : Provided always, that the Sum to be given to any one Prifoner (hall not exceed Six pence per Diem.

XL Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That no Prifoner, who (hall be charged in Executiou for Debt, (hall be relieved by virtue of this A&, after the Firft Day of the Term next following tie time when he or (he (hall be charged in Execution.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That no Prifoner /hall be ordered to be relieved by virtue of this A&, until he or (he /hall firft have made Oath before a Judge of One of the Courts of Law at Wejlminjlcr, or of the Marjhcdfea% or a Commiffioner appointed by One of the faid Judges to take Affidavits, that he or (he is not worth Ten Pounds in all the World, and that he or (he cannot fubfift himfelf or herfelf without the Relief or Affiftance provided by this A&; and if any fuch Prifoner (hall wilfully forfwear or periure himfelf or herfelf in taking any fuch Oath as aforefaid, and (hall be lawfully convi&ed thereof, he or (he fo offending (hall fuffer fuch Puniffiment as by Law may be infli&ed on Perfons convi&ed of wilful and corrupt Penury.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That no Prifoner /hall be relieved by virtue of this A&, who (hall have become fuper-fedeable, or entitled to be difeharged under any A& for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That all the Surplus and Refidue (if any} which may from time to time, on the Firft Day of Auguji in the Third Year after the paffing of this A&, and on the Firit Day of Auguji in every fucceeding Third Year, remain in the Hands of the Treafurer of the County of Surry, and the Treafurer or Chamberlain of the City of London, and the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame refpe&ively (hall have been paid, or any of them, of any of the Monies payable by virtue of this A&, to fuch Treafurers refpe&ively, on or before the Firft Day of Auguji in the preceding Year, after relieving the poor Prifoners confined in the aforefaid Prilons, according to the Dire&ion8 hereinbefore mentioned, (hall be forthwith paid by them refpe&ively, to the Treafurer for the time being of Bethlem Hofpitalt for the Relief and Benefit of the faid Hofpital.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed. That the Treafurer for the time being of the County of Surry, and alio the Perfon or Perfons for the time being appointed to receive and diftribute the Monies provided by this A& for the Relief of the Prifoners confined in the King9s Bench and Marjhalfea Prifons, at the General Quarter Seffions for the County of Surry, held next after Eajler in every Year ; and alfo that the Treafurer or Chamberlain for the time being of the City of London^ and the Perfon or Perfons for the time being appointed to receive and diftribute the Monies provided by this A& for the Relief of the Prifoners confined in the Fltet Prifon, at the General Quarter Seffions for the City of London held next after Eafter in every

Year,

443

Sum allowed to Priicner* limited.

No Prifoner (barged in Exes cution relieved after Firft Day of next Term. No Prifoner relieved poffefled of Property above a certain Sum.

Perjury. Prifoners fuper-fedeable, See.

Appropriation of Surplus Monies.

Accounts kept and verified upof* Oath.



444

C.ii3«	53°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

Year, fhall refpeftively lay before the Judices there aflembled, a full true and exaft Account of all their refpeftive Receipts and Dif-burfements of the Monies provided by this Aft, and fhall verify the lame Accounts, if required, upon Oath.

Juftices empow- XVI. And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the eredto make Judices of the Peace afting in and for the faid County of Surry, A^itioo°to Pro- or major Part them, at their General Quarter Seffions, with vifioatof Aft.	refpeft to the Sums of Money hereby provided for the Relief of the

poor Prifoners confined in the faid Prifons of the King's Bench and Marfbalfcai and alfo for the Judices of the Peace afting in and for the City of London, or the major Part of them, at their General Quarter Seflions, with refpeft to the Sums of Money hereby provided for the Relief of the poor Prifoners confined in the faid Fleet Prifoo, and they refpeftively are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time, when and as often as they refpeftively fhall think proper, to make any Orders, Rules and Regulations refpefting the Payment and Application of the Monies hereby provided, and the Prifonen who fhall be relieved thereby, and the Securities to be entered into for the due Application thereof, and the Accounts to be made ard given refpefting the fame, and the Remuneration to be allowed thereout to Perfons employed in the Execution of this A61, or otherwife, for the better Execution of this Aft ; provided that the fame be made as Additions to the Provifions hereinbefore contained, and , be not contradiftory thereto; and alfo to alter the fame Rules, Orders and Regulations, as and when they fhall think fit.

Publi Aft.	XVII.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft fhail be deemed

and taken to be a Public Aft, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juflices and others, without being fpectally pleaded.

The SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.

COUNTIES and DIVISIONS.	1  The SUMS to be paid by them for the Relief of the Prifoners in the Prilons of  1  1		
	f  King’s Bench.	Fleet.	Marflialfea. |
	£	£	£
Bedford ...	5	5	—
Berks -	10	10	—
Bucks ...	10	5	—
f County	5	5	—
Cambridge < Ifle of Ely and Town 1	e	c	
C of Cambridge j	j	)	
Chefler -	JO	10	—
Cornwall -	i°	5	—
Cumberland -	10	5	—
Derby -	10	10	—
Devon ...	20	15	—
r . f Eaft Dfvifion -	5	5	—
Dorfet jweftDmfion -	5	5	





A.-D.I8I3

53° QEO. III. SCHEDULE — continued.

C. 113

COUNTIES and DIVISIONS.

Durham

f Eaft Riding York < North Riding (.Weft Riding C Eaft Divifion iMleX jWeftDivifion Oloucefter Hereford Hertford Huntingdon

. fEaft Divifion ^cnt jWeftDivifion Lancafter Leicefter

f Holland Divifion Lincoln < Kefteven Do.

(.Lindfay Do. Middlefex Norfolk

Northampton

Northumberland

xt ff;_1 ^ f North Divifion

Nottingham |South Divifion

Oxford

Rutland

Salop

Southampton Stafford -	-

{Beccles Divifion

B^dSt"^^nd’3 Do. Ipfwich Do.

Surry Suffex ||

Eaft Divifion %Weft Divifion -Warwick

Weftmorland [fend^Ward

Wilts

Worcefter

The SUMS to be paid by them for the Relief ] of the Prisoners iu the Prifoos of

Kins’s Bench. Fleet.

Marfhalfea.

£		j£
15	10	—
10	10	—
15	10	—
3°	20	—
10	5	—
10	5	25
*5	10	—
10	5	—
10	10	—
5	5	—
10	5	—
10	5	25
30	25	—
10	to	—
5	5	—
5	5	—
10	5	—
100	5°	200
15	10	—
5	5	—
5	S	—•
	10	—
5	5	—
5	5	——
10	5	—
5	5	—
xo	10	—
10	5	—
10	5	—
lS	10	—
lS	10	—
—	5	
5		—
5	5	—
5	—	—
50	40	50
10	5	—
10	5	—
lS	10	—
5	—	—
	5	—
lS	if	
fO	10	

Anglefea





C. 113,114.

A.D. 1813.

530 GEO. in.

SCHEDULE — continued*

	/ COUNTIES Ann DIVISIONS.	The SUMS to be paid by them far the Relief of the Prisoners in the Prifons c€		
		t	  King's Bench	Fleet.	Marlh&lfea.
		£	£	j£
	[ Anglefea -	2	2	—
I	Brecon -	2	2	—
	Cardigan -	2	2	—
	Carmarthen ...	3	3	
	Carnarvon -	2	2	—
	Denbigh ...	3	3	—
	Flint -	2	2	—
	Glamorgan -	3	3	—
	Merioneth ...	2	2	—
I Monmouth •		3	3	—
I Montgomery -		2	2	—
1 Pembroke -		2	2	—
f Radnorshire -		2	2		 !

S3 G. 3. c. 19.

CAP. CXIV.

An A (ft to continue and amend an Aft of the prefent Seffion, to prevent the ifiuing and circulating of Pieces of Gold and Silver, or other Metal, ufually called Tokens, except fuch as are iflued by the Banks of England and Ireland refpe&ively-

[loth July 1813.]

'HEREAS an Aft pafled in this SeiBon of Parliament,

•w

intituled An A9 to amend an of the lajl

......................  t

Xti^eded. Tokens not to be circulated after a certain

*	Parliament, to prevent the iffuing and circulating of Piecet of

*	and Silver, or other Metal, ufually called	except	fuch at

*	are iffued by the Banks of England and Ireland	: And

*	whereas it is expedient that the Period limited in the laid Aft for ' the Circulation of Pieces of Gold or Silver and mixed Metals, in ‘ the faid Aft fpecified and denominated Tokent (hould be further

*	extended; and that the faid Aft {hould be amended May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted} and be it enafted by the King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That fo much of the faid recited Aft as ptohibits the Circulation of any fuch Tokens as are in the faid recited Aft defcribed, after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, {hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enafted, That, from and after Six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Seffion of Parliament, no Piece of Gold or Silver, or of any mixed Metal compofed partly of Gold or Silver, of whatever Name the fame may be, (hall pafs or circulate as a Token for Money, or as purporting that the Bearer or Holder thereof it entitled to demand any Vsuue denoted thereon, either

*>T



447

t«S»3*

53«GZO.HI.

C. 114*

by Letter*, Word*, Figures, Mark or otherwise, whether fuch Value is fco be paid or given in Money or Goods, or other Value, or in any manner whatsoever; and every Perfon who (hall, after Six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Sef&on of Parliament circulate or pafs as for any nominal Value in Money or Goods any fuch Token, ihall for every fuch Token fo circulated or palled, whether fuch PcTfon (hall be or have been concerned in the original iffuing or Circulation of any fuch Token, or only the Bearer or Holder thereof for the time being, forfeit any Sum not lefs than Five Pounds nor Penalty, xnore than Ten Pounds, at the Difcretion of fuch Juftice or Juft ices of the Peace who (hall hear and determine fuch Offence ; Provided that nothing in this Adi contained (hall extend or be con-fkrued to extend to prevent any Perfon from prefenting any fuch “Token for Payment to the original Iffuer thereof, or to dilcharge or excufe any fuch original Iffuer from his Liability to pay the Original Ifluer. fame.

4 III. And whereas Doubts are entertained as to whether the

•	Bearer or Holder of any fuch Token can recover by the Law

*	from the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have iffued the fame, their

*	Executors or Adminiftrators, the Value denoted thereon; and it is

•	expedient that fuch Doubts (hould be removed ;* Be it therefore

evaded, That all Perfons who (hall have originally iffued or have been jflrucr8 of Local concerned in the original iffuing or Circulation of any fuch Tokens, Tokens liable t« and their refpedtive Executors and Adminiftrators, (hall be and they pay fame by are hereby declared to be liable in Law, upon Demand made of the I'*w-Value denoted upon the Tokens iffued by fuch Perfons refpedively to pay the fame ; and the Amount of Money or Value denoted upon any fuch Tokens, either by Letters, Words, Figures, Marks or otberwife, may be recovered by the Bearer or Holder thereof, in any A&ion or Suit again ft the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have originally iffued or been concerned in the original iffuing or Circulation of (uch Token, in like manner as the Amount or Value of any Promiffory Notes payable to Bearer, and iffuable by Law, may now be recovered, to pay off or difeharge the fame.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing in Aft not to this Ad contained (hall extend or be conltrued to extend to authorize thoriit iflue of or make legal the iffuing of any Promiffory Note, not being a Token J^omiflory compofed of Gold or Silver, or of mixed Metal compofed partly of under Gold or Silver, which cannot now be iffued by Law.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing in Ad not to ex-this Ad contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any tend to Tokens Tokens iffued or circulated by or under the Authority of the ofBinkofEng-Govcrnor and Company of the Bank of England, or by or under the land or Irela,ld Authority of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland refpedively; or in any manner to affed any fuch Tokens, or

the Circulation thereof 5 or to fubjed any Company or Companies, or Perfon or Perfons, to any Penalty for iffuing or circulating any fuch Tokens.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That all Penalties and Forfeitures Penalties how imoofed by this Ad (hall and may be recoverable and recovered recovered, and levied and applied, in like manner and by fuch means as the

| like Penalties and Forfeitures are made recoverable by the faid recited Ad; and all the Powers, Authorities, Claufes, Matters and Pro-vifions, in the recited Ad contained, Audi be and remain and }	continue

L



Goog

Aft repealed, Jtc.

Barrels of Fire Arms not to be ufed, unlefs duly proved.

Ufing or felling Barrels not duly proved.

C.114, 115.	53°GEO.III.	A.D.1813.

continue in full Force, and be applied and executed for the enforcing: the Provifions of this Ad, and for the recovering and applying of any Penalties and Forfeitures under this Ad, as fully and effe&ually as if all fuch Powers, Authorities, Claufes and Provifions, were feverally and feparately re-enaded in and made Part of this Ad.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Ad or Ads to be paffed in the prefent Seflion of Parliament.

CAP. CXV.

An Ad to infure the proper and careful manufa&uring of Firt Arms in England; and for making Provifion for proving the Barrels of fuch Fire Arms.	[10th	July 1813.]

€ T^7HEREAS ferious Injuries are frequently fuftained by

*	VV Perfons ufing Guns, Fowling Pieces, Blunderbulfes, Piftol*

*	and other Fire Arms, from the burfting thereof, in confcquence

*	of the Barrels of fuch Guns, Fowling Pieces, Blunderbuflet,

*	Piftols and Fire Arms, not having been fufiiciently proved; « and it is therefore expedient that the Manufadurers of Fire Arms « fhould be compelled to prove the fame at fome Place appropriated « for that Purpofe as a Public Proof Houfe: And whereas great

*	Quantities of Fire Arms and Barrels for Fire Arms are manufadured

*	in the Town of Birmingham and the Vicinity thereof, and it would « tend to the Safety and Security of the Public if a Proof Houfe for

*	Fire Arms, under proper Superintendance and Infpedion, were to r be eftablilhed in or near the faid TownMay it therefore pleafe Your Majefty, that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Expiration of Three Weeks from the palling of this Ad, no Bafrel fhall be ufed in the making or manufaduring of any Guo, Fowling Piece, Blunderbufs, Piftol or other Description of Fire Arms ufually called Small Arms, unlefs the fame fhall have been duly proved at the Proof Houfe of the Gunmakers’ Company in London, or at the Proof Houfe to be eftablilhed under the Provifions of this Ad, or fome Proof Houfe belonging to His Majefty, or other Proof Houfe eftablilhed as a Public Proot Houfe by Law ; and which Public Proof Houfes His Majefty is hereby authorized and empowered to eftablilh in fuch Places, and under fuch Regulations as to the Care and Management thereof, as His Majefty fhall think fit

II. And be it further enaded, That, from and after the Expiration of Three Weeks from the palling of this Ad, every Perfon who fhall ufe or caufe or procure to be ufed any Barrel in the making, manufaduring or finifhing of any Gun, Fowling Piece, Blunderbufs, Piftol, or any other Description of Fire Arms as aforefaid, or who fhall fell or caufe to be fold any Barrel for the making of any Gun, Fowling Piece, Blunderbufs, Piftol or other Defcription of Fire Arms, which fhall not firft have been duly proved, and marked as proved at the GunmakeiS Company’s Proof Houfe in London, or at the Proof Houfe to be eftablilhed under the Provifions of this Ad, or fome Proof Houfe belonging to His Majefty, or other

Pubik

V

 C^ooQle

449

A.D.i8i3"	53°GEO.IIL	C-iij*

Public Proof Houfe eftabli/hed as fucb by Law or by Hit Majefty,

(hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Penalty.

Twenty Pounds to be recovered as hereinafter mentioned.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enafted aud declared, That prnvjf0 f**

nothing in this Aft contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend Scotland and to that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland* or to that Part Ireland, and for of the United Kingdom called Ireland (except as to the forging	nrvic^^Hid

Marks as in this Aft after mentioned), or to the proving of any fo^Eaa India Barrels ufed in the manufafturiug of any Mufquct, Piftol or other Company.

Fire Arms, for the Ufe of His Majefty’s Forces, or for the Honourable Ettjl India Company.

IV.	And be it further ena6ted, That, from and after the pafling Company of

of this Aft, the Lord Lieutenants of the refpeftive Counties of Guardians,fcc.of Warwick* Worcejler and Stafford* and the Perfons ferving in Par- Gua Barrel liament for the laid Counties refpeftively for the time being, and £.r00f H°ule °* Robert IVheeler* John Adams* Thomas Archer junior, Richard eftXliilfed!" Sutherland* John Heely, John Oughton, William Ryan* Bartholemew Redfern, John Williams Keene* John Smith* William Allport, John Jones* George Jones* Gad Par/ons* Jofeph Bunney, and their Succeffors to be chofen in manner hereinafter direfted, (hall be and they are hereby declared to be a Body Politic and Corporate, and /hall be called or known by the Name of “ The Guardians,

Truftees and Wardens of the Gun Barrel Proof Houfe of the Town of Birmingham*” for the Purpofe of proving or caufing to be proved, in the manner direfted by this Aft, all Barrels for Guns,

Fowling Pieces, Blunderbuffes, Piftols, and every other Defcription of Fire Arms which /hall be brought to the Proof Houfe at Birmingham* to be proved according to the Provi/ions of this Aft; and it mall be lawful for fuch of the Members of the faid Company as /hall be refident in the Town of Birmingham, or within Twenty Miles thereof, and they are hereby authorized and required, on or before the Firft Day of Augufl next, to meet at fome convenient Place within the Town of Birmingham* and the major Part of the Guardians then prefent (fuch major Part not being lels than Ten) /hall choofe Three Perfons, out of the faid Guardians, Truftees and Wardens, to be Wardens of the faid Proof Houfe to infpeft and fuperintend the Proofs or proving of all Barrels fent to be proved at the faid Houfe, and to have the foie Management thereof for One Year and no longer, unlefs re-elefted by the faid Guardians, Truftees and Wardens, in manner hereinafter mentioned.

V.	And, for continuing a fufficient Number of fit and proper Perfons, in addition to fuch Lord Lieutenants and Members of Parliament as aforefaid, who are to continue to be Guardians, Truftees and Wardens, for putting in Execution the Powers of this Aft, be

it further enafted. That the faid Guardians, Truftees and Wardens Perfons chofen /hall, and they are hereby authorized and required to meet annually in Place of thofs on the Sixteenth Day of March (unlefs it mail happen to be on a ^nd°Warden^o Sunday* and then on the Day following) in fome convenient Place be ele&edTu-in the Town of Birmingham, and to eleft and choofe in manner nually. aforefaid, fit and proper Perfons refident in the faid Town of Birmingham* or within Twenty Miles thereof, in the Place and Stead of fuch of the faid Guardians, Truftees and Wardens (other than and except fuch Lord Lieutenants and Members as aforefaid), who /hall have died or removed to a greater Diftance than Twenty 53 Geo. 111.	Gg	Miles





4J*

C.X1J.	53°GEO. III.	AD.1813.

Miles from Birmingham, or declined to aft as fuch Guardians, Truftees or Wardens, fo as by reafon of fuch Choice there (hall not be, when the faid Guardians, Truftees and Wardens are complete, more than Fifteen, in addition to fuch Lord Lieutenants and Members as aforefaid ; and that immediately after the full Number (hall have been fo filled up in manner aforefaid, they (hall be enabled and are hereby authorized and direfted to proceed to the Election of Three Perfons, by Majority of Voices of the Perfons prefent, to be Wardens of the faid Company for the enfuing Year, and if any of the (aid Wardens, fo chofen as aforefaid, (hall happen to die, or remove to a greater Diftance than Twenty Miles from Birmingham, then the faid Guardians, Truftees and Wardens (hall, at fome Meeting to be held at Birmingham within One Calendar Month after fuch Death or Removal as aforefaid (and of which Meeting Seven Days* Notice (hall be given) choofe another Perfon out of the faid Guardians, Truftees and Wardens, in manner aforefaid, to be Warden in his Room, and fuch Perfon (hall and is hereby authorized and required to aft accordingly for the Remainder of the Year.

* VI. And whereas certain Sums of Money have been fubfcribed • in the Town of Birmingham, for the Erection and Eftablilhment of Company to pro- * a Public Proof HoufeBe it therefore further enafted, That the vide a proper faid Guardians, Truftees and Wardens (hall, immediately after the Tiixk*	paffing this Aft, enter all fuch Subfcriptions in a Book to be

necefTary for8*	kept for that Purpofe, and (hall call for the Money fo fubfcribed in

proving Barrels, regular Proportion from the Subfcribers, as they (hall think fit; and which Sums the faid Guardians, Truftees and Wardens, are hereby authorized to demand and receive, and in cafe of Refufal to proceed by Aftion at Law in the Name of the Treafurer for the time being, in which Aftion it (hall be fufficient to (late that the Perfon fub-feribing is indebted to the faid Treafurer for the Sum fubfcribed under the Provifions of this Aft 5 and the faid Guardians, Truftees and Wardens (hall, out of fuch Monies, in the firft place, pay and le-imburfe all Expences and Charges incurred in or arifiner out of the

?ailing of this Aft, and in the next place, ereft and eftabbfh a proper Voof Houfe, with all things neceflary for the proving Barrels of Fire Arms, and (hall at all times hereafter well and fufficiently maintain and keep up the fame in proper Order and Condition, for the proving of all fuch Fire Arms as (hall be fent to fuch Houfe for Proof.

Barrels proved VIL And be it further enafted, That all Barrels brought to the and marked. Proof Houfe to be erefted as aforefaid for Proof (hall be proved with Powder of equal Quality as the Powder which is now ufed by the Honourable Board of Ordnance, and according to the Scale or Table hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay,

SCALE.



 LjOOQle

SCALE.

Number of Balls to a lb.	Weight of Powder for Proof.	Number of Balls to a lb.
No. 1. ...	oz. drs. II 0	No. 26. ...
2. ...	5 s	27. . . .
3; ...	3 8	28.
4. ...	2 II	29. - - .
5. ...	2 2	30-
6. ...	I 12	3*-
7. ...	I 8	32.
8. ...	i 6	33- -
9. ...	1 2	34* -
10. ...	1 1	35-
11. ...	0 16	36. - - -
12. ...	0 16	37-
13- ...	0 15	38. - - -
14. ...	0 14	39-
15. ...	0 14	40.
16. - - -	0	4i-
17. ...	0 *3f	42-
18. -	O 12 j	43-
i9- ...	O II	44-
20. ...	O IO	45 •
21. ...	O IO	46. - - -
22. -	O 9	47.
23. ...	O 9	48. ... .
24, ...	0 Si	49*
25. ...	0 Si	50.

And which Scale of Proofs is equal to the Proofs of the Honourable Board of Ordnance, in Proportion to the Calibres of the Barrels proved by them; and when fo proved, fuch Barrels fhall be marked with the following Marks ; videlicet,

and no other; and it (hall be lawful for the faid Guardians, Truftees and Wardens, at their Annual General Meetings, to make and

G g a	eftablifh

Weight of Powder for Proof.

oz. drs.

o

o 8J-o Si o 7t

o 7f o H o 7z o 7 o 7 o 7 o 7 o 7 o 6i o 6J o 6$ o 6 o 6 o 6 o 6 o ji o 5 I o 5i

o

o Si o Si

 LjOOQle

53cGEO. ILL	A.D.1813.

eftablilh fuch Rules and Regulations as may from time to time appear to them to be neceffary for the receiving Barrels for Proof, and for proving and marking the fame, and redelivering the Barrela when fo proved and marked as aforefaid; and to fix and regulate from time to time the Sums to be paid for fuch Proofs, fo a9 that no higher Sum than One Shilling (hall in any cafe be demanded, or taken, or received in refped of any One Barrel brought to fuch Houfe to be proved and marked under this Ad.

Prover •pponit* VIII. And be it further enaded, That the faid Company (hall ed by Company, annually, on the Sixteenth Day of March (unlefs it (hall happen to be on a Sunday, and then on the Day following) meet at fome convenient Place within the Town of Birmingham, and choofe, by Majority of Voices, a fkilful Perfon experienced in proving Guo Barrels, who (hall continue in Office One Year (if the Wardens for the time being (hall think fit) who (with fuch Aififtant or Affiflants as (hall alfo be apppointed by the faid Wardens for that Purpofe) (hall prove all Barrels brought to him for that Purpofe, according to the Scale or Table hereinbefore fet forth, and having proved them, (hall mark or caufe the fame to be marked with the Marks hereinbefore fet forth, and according to fuch Rules and Regulations at (hall be eftablifhed in that Behalf: and fuch Perfon, on Eledion and before he begins to ad, (hall take the following Oath before One of His Majeffy’s Juffices of the Peace for the County of Warwick / videlicet,

Proof Miftsr's Oath.

Forg:ng or counterfeiting the Marks.

Penalty.

*	T	do	fwear.	That	I	will be

*	faithful and true to our Sovereign Lord King George, and will

*	fo long as I continue Proof Mailer of the Birmingham Gun Barrel

*	Proof Houfe, well and faithfully behave myfelf in the faid Office, 4 and prove all Barrels brought to me for that Purpofe, according to

*	the Scale or Table mentioned and fet forth in an Ad of Parlia-

*	ment made and pafTed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of King ‘ George the Third, intituled An Ad [here infertthe Title of this Ad'] ; 4 and that I will not during the time I (hall continue fuch Proof

*	Mailer, take any Fee or Reward from any Perfon or Perfons, to

*	prove any Barrel or Barrels otherwife than as the faid Ad diretts;

*	and that I will execute the faid Office without Favour or Affedion,

*	Prejudice or Malice, and to the bed of my Skill and Ability.

* So help me GOD.*

Which Oath any One of His Majefly's Juflices of the Peace for the faid County of Warwick is hereby authorized and empowered to adminifter.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon whatfoever (hall in any Part of the United Kingdom forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any Mark or Stamp ufed or which may be ufed at either of ftfch Proof Houfes as aforefaid, for marking Barrels in purfuance of this Ad ; or (hall wilfully or knowingly feu or ufe in the making or manufaduring of any Gun, Fowling Piece, Blunderbufs, Piftol or other Defcription of Arms as aforefaid, any Barrel whereon any Mark or Stamp, which (hall be forged or counterfeited in Imitation of or to refemble any Mark or Stamp fo ufed-or to be ufed at either of fuch Proof Houfes as aforefaid ; every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convided, (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered as hereinafter mentioned.

X.	And

V



A.D.i8i3«	53°GE0.III.	C.	ii$.	453

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Guardians, Trufteet Appofatmtm of and Wardens (hall, at their Firft Meeting to be held under this A&, Trtsfiim. and afterwards at fuch Annual Meetings as aforefaid, ele& and appoint a Treafurer, who (hall keep a true and accurate Account of all Sums of Money received and difburfed by him under the Orders of the faid Guardians, Truftees and Wardens as aforefaid, in a Book to be kept by him for that Purpofe, and alfo of all Rules and Regulations from time to time made, eftabliftied and allowed in relation to fuch Proof Houfe 5 and fuch Book (hall at all times be open to the Infpe&ion of any Guardian, Truftce or Warden of the faid Proof Houfe as aforefaid ; and the Accounts of fuch Treafurer (hall be audited once in each Year at fome General or Adjourned Meeting of the faid Guardians, Truftee3 and Wardens ; and fuch Treafurer (hall give Security to the faid Guardians, Truftees and Wardens, in their Corporate Name and Style for the due Execution of his Truft, and accounting for all Monies as aforefaid; and it (hall be lawful for the faid Guardians, Truftees and Wardens, from time to time to allow to fuch Treafurer, and alfo to the Proof Mafter and any Affiftant or Afliftants of fuch Proof Mafter, fuch reafonable Salaries and Allowance, as (hail, in the Judgment of the Majority of the faid Guardians, Truftees and Wardens prefent at any General Meeting, be fit and proper, and from time to time to alter the fame if they (hall think fit.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Sums to be received, and Application of which (hall from time to time be received for fuch Proofs of Barrels Money received as aforefaid, (hall be applied in the firft place in the making fuch forpfwisg. Proofs and paying all incidental Expences arifing therefrom, and in the keeping up, maintaining and repairing the Proof Houfe, and afterwards in the Payment of the Salaries of the Proof Mafter, and any A&ftant or Affiftants as aforefaid, and of the faid Treafurer, and in other incidental Expences which may arife in the Execution of the faid Truft ; and after fuch Payment, the Surplus Money (ball be applied in the Payment of the Intereft, at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum, of the Sums fubferibed and advanced for the ere&ing and cftablifhing fuch Proof Houfe and carrying this A€t into Execution ; and after Payment of fuch Intereft, then in the Repayment of fuch Principal Sums: And the faid Guardians (hall, as far as the fame can be done, regulate the Sums to be paid for Proofs (not exceeding in any one cafe, fuch One Shilling per Barrel as aforefaid) in inch manner as to pay Five Pounds per Centum at the lea ft for each One hundred Pounds fo advanced, or in like Proportion for any greater or lefs Sum in each Year upon the Principal Sum fo advanced, until fuch Sum (hail have been wholly paid off and fatisfied; and thereafter to regulate tl\e Sums to be received for Proofs in fuch manner as to infure the due Maintenance,

Repair and Keeping of the faid Proof Houfe, and Payment of all fuch incidental Expences and Salaries as aforefaid.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That any Offence againft this Offences hard A& (hall and may be heard and determined in a fummary way before he^or5 any Two of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County,	*

Riding, Divifion, City, Town, Liberty or Place, yrhere any fuch pC4Ce.

Offence (hall be committed ; and the Conviftion for the fame may be bad and made upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes; and the Amount of the Forfeiture or Penalty

G g 3	for

 CjOOQle

454

Appeal.

Recognizance.

DHtrefs.

Imprifonment.

Con vision* drawn up in Form of Schedule to Adt.

Appeil to General Setlions or General Quarter Seffioru.

Decifion final.

Imprifonment.

CXi 15.	53°	GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

for every fuch Offence (ball be fixed and determined by fnch Juft ices, not exceeding the Sums hereinbefore mentioned; and One Moiety thereof (hall be paid and payable to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to the Overleers of the Poor of the Parifh or Place where fuch Offence (hall be committed 5 and in cafe any fuch Forfeiture or Forfeitures or Penalty or Penalties fhall not be forthwith paid purfuant to fuch Convi&ion, and the Perfon fo convi&ed (hall not fignify his Intention to appeal againft fuch Convi&ion, and forthwith enter into Recognizance before fuch Juftices, bimfelf in the Penalty of Forty Pounds, with Two fufficient Sureties in the Penalty of Twenty Pounds each, of lawful Money of Great Britain, with Condition to perfonally appear and profecute fuch Appeal at the next General Quarter or General Seffions of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding, Divifion, City, Town, Liberty or Place, where fuch Offence (nail have been charged to have been committed, fuch Juftices (hall, by Warrant under their Hands, caufe the fam£- Penalties to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, together with the Cofts and Charges attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale ; and in cafe no fufficient Diurefs can be had, fuch Juftices (hall, by Warrant under their Hands, commit the Offender to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Corre&ion within their Jurifdi&ion, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Juftices before whom any Perfon or Perfons (hall be convi&ed of any Offence againft this A& may caufe all fuch Convi&ions to be drawn up on Parchment or Paper, in the Form or to the Effe&'fet forth in the Schedule to this A& annexed ; and fuch Convi&ion (hall be tranfmitted by fuch Juftices to the next General Seffions or General Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding, Divifion, City, Town, Liberty or Place wherein fuch Convi&ion was had, to be filed and kept amongft the Records of the faid General Seffions or General Quarter Seffions.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed,That if any Perfon convi&ed of any Offence or Offences punifhable by this A&, fhall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by the Judgment of fuch Juftices before whom he or (he (half have been convi&ed, fuch Perfon fhall have Liberty to appeal from every fuch Convi&ion to the next Court of General Seffions or General Quarter Seffions of the Peace which (hall be held for the County, Riding, Divifion, City, Town, Liberty or Place wherein fuch Offence was committed; and the Juftices in or at the faid next Court of General Seffions or General Quarter Seffions, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of .the faid Appeal, and to award fuch Cofts as to them (hall appear juft and reafonable, to be paid to either Party, which Decifion (hall be final; and if upon hearing the faid Appeal, the Judgment of the Juftices before whom the Appellant (hall have been convi&ed, (hall be confirmed, fuch Appellant (hall forthwith pay the Forfeitures or Penalty mentioned in fuch Convi&ion, and the Cofts awarded to be paid by fnch Appellant; and in Default oF Payment thereof, fuch Appellant (hall immediately be committed by the faid Court to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Corre&ion of the County, Riding, Divifion, City, Town, Liberty or Place, where any fuch Offence may have been committed, there to remain for anytime

 CjOOq le

455

A.D.1813.	53°GEO.III.	C.	115.

time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unlefs fttch Penalty and Coils (hall be fooner paid.

XV.	And be it farther enaded, That no Adion or Suit (hall be Limitation of commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons, for any thing done in pur* Actions, fuance of this Aft, until after Thirty Days Notice in Writing (hall

be thereof given to the Treafurer to the faid Guardians, Truftees and

Wardens, or after fufficient Satisfaction made or tendered, or after Six

Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, for which fuch

Adion or Actions, Suit or Suits (hall be fo brought 5 and all fuch

Ad ions or Suits (hall be laid and tried in the County of Warwick,

and not elfewhere; and that the Defendant or Defendants in fuch

Adion or Actions, Suit and Suits, and every of them, may plead

the General Iflue, and give this Ad and the Special Matter in General blue;

Evidence at any Trial or Trials which (hall be had thereupon, and

that the Matter or Thing for or on which fuch Adion or Adions,

Suit or Suits (hall be brought, was done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Ad 5 and if the faid Matter or Thing (hall appear to have been fo dope, or if it (hall appear that fuch Adion or Suit was brought before Thirty Days Notice was given as before direded, or that lufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered, or paid into Court as aforefaid, or if any fuch Adion or Suit (hall not be commenced within the time before for that Purpofe limited, or (hall be laid in any other County, City or Place than as aforefaid, then the Jury (hall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if a Verdid (hall be found for fuch Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in fuch Adion or Adions, Suit or Suits, (hall become nonfuited, or fuffer a Difcontinuance of fuch ACtion or Actions, Suit or Suits, or if upon a Demurrer or Demurrers in fuch Adion or Adions, Suit or Suits, Judgment (hall be giveu for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and in either of the cafes aforefaid, fuch Defendant or Defendants (hall have Treble TVsbleCofU. Cofb, and (hall have fuch Remedy and Remedies for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for the Recovery of his, her or their Cods in other cafes by Law.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall be deemed Public Ad. and taken to be a Public Ad, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of

as fuch by all Judges, Juilices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

The SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.

in the

FORM OF CONVICTION.

. 1 RE it remembered. That on the to wit | 13 Dayof

Year of our Lord is convided before us [naming the Jufftces] Two of His Majefty’s Jufticea of the Peace for the County of

[or, Riding, City, Liberty, Divifion, Town or Place] for that the faid	fiate	Offence]

contrary to the Statute made in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled jin AS \here fet forth the Title of this AS'] : And we the faid Juftices do hereby adijudge and de* termine the faid	for	the	faid	Offence,

to forfeit and pay the Sum of

Gg 4

* of



53s GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

*	of lawful Money of Great Britain, and do order One Moiety thereof

*	to be forthwith paid by him to

*	[the Informer] and the other Moiety thereof to the OverCeers of

*	the Poor of the Parifh of [where the Offence was committed.] Given 4 under our Hands the Day and Year above written.’

An A£k to alter and amend Two A£b of the Thirty firft Year of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of His prefent Majefty, fo far as relates to the Price and Affize of Bread to be fold out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of M “ ’’	1	m

*	\T7HEREAS by an Ad, patted in the Thirty firft Year of the

*	VV Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, intituled

*	An AS for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and 4 Affixe thereof and to punuh Perfons who fball adulterate Meal, Flour

13 G. 3. c.61.	*	or	Bread;	and	by	another	Act,	patted	in	the	Thirteenth	Year	of

*	the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft for better 4 regulating the Affixe and making of Bread; Provifion is made for

*	fetting the Price and Aflize of Bread, according to the fcveral Re*

*	gulations contained in thefaid Ads for that Purpofe : And whereas

-7G \ c 08	*	by	an	Ad	patted	in	the	Thirty	feventh Year of the Reign of His

0/	•	*>’	c.yo.	_	r	.	•	ii„	■	Jn	 1____I___J________

4 prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft to amend and render more effeducl 4 an Aft, made in the Thirty firjl Tear of the Reign of H'u late 4 Majejly King George the Second, intituled An Aft for the due 4 making of Breads and to regulate the Price and AJJtxe thereof and to 4 punifb Perfons who Jhall adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread, fo far * as the to	the	J	ze	and	making	of	Bread	to	be	fold	in

4 the City of London and i Liberties thereof and within the Weekly 4 Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange;

45G.3. c. xxiii. ‘ and by another Ail pafTed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of * His laid prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft for amending an Ad

4 paffed in the Thirty feventh Tear of His prefent Majejly, to amend and 4 render more effeftual an Aft mails in the Thirty firft Tear of Hu late 4 Majejly, for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and 4 Affixe thereof, and to puni/b Perfons who Jhall adulterate Meal, 4 Flour or Bread, fo far as the fame relates to the Affixe and making of 4 Bread to be fold in the City of London and the Liberties thereof and 4 within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and Ten Miles of the Royal 4 Exchange; certain other Provifions and Regulations are made 4 for carrying the Purpofes of the faid AH of the Thirty firft Year ‘ of the Reign of King George the Second into Execution, fo far as

*	relates to the Affize and making of Bread to be fold in the City 4 of London and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills 4 of Mortality and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange; and

*	by the faid Ads a fixed Allowance is given to the Makers and

*	Sellers of Bread refiding within thofe Limits: And whereas it is

*	expedient that the Makers and Seilers of Bread refiding beyond

*	the faid Limits, in Places where an Affize and Price of Bread isfet,

1 fhould alfo receive an Allowance for their Charges, Pains, Labour,

4 Livelihood and Profit; and that Regulations fhould be made for

CAP. CXVI.

Miles of the Royal Exchange.

* procuring







C. ii 6.

457

A.D.1813.	530	GEO.	III.

*	procuring more correft Returns of the Prices for which Wheat

*	and Wheat Flour are fold, in or near Places where an Affize of

*	Bread is fet:9 May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-poral, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by

the Authority of the fame. That when and fo often as the Court Receiver of AC. of Mayor and Aldermen, in any City where there (hall be any fuch fae Returns *p-Court, and when fuch Court (hall fit 5 and where there (hall be no ^tef1fiwh<!re fuch Court, or their being any fuch, wheu the fame (hall not fit, the ie xc Mayor, Bailiffs or other Chief Magiftrate of any fuch City, and in Towns Corporate or Boroughs, the Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen, or other Chief Magiftrate or Magiftrates for the time being of any • fuch Town Corporate or Borough; or Two or more Juftices of the Peace in fuch Towns and Places where there (hall be no fuch Mayor, BailifFs, Aldermen or Chief Magiftrate; and when and fo often as any Two or more Juftices of the Peace of Counties at large, Ridings, Divifions or Diftrifts, and whofe refpeftive Jurifdic-tion (hall be beyond the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, (hall deem it expedient to regulate the Price and Affize of Bread within their feveral and refpeftive Jurifdiftions, every fuch Court, Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen or other Chief Magiftrate or Magiftrates, or Juftices of the Peace, (hall and they are hereby authorized and required, before they (hall fet any Price or Affize of Bread, to nominate and appoint a (it and proper Perfon (not being a Cornfaftor, Miller, Maltfter, Baker, Clerk, Agent or other Perfon buying, felling or dealing in Wheat or Wheat Flour, or Bread made thereof), redding within or near fuch City, Town Corporate or Borough, County, Divifion, Riding, Diftrift or other Place, to receive weekly the Returns hereafter direfted to be made of the Prices and Quantities of Wheat and Wheat Flour bought or fold in or near any fuch City, Town Corporate or Borough, Divifion,

Riding, Diftrift or other Place where an Affize is intended to be fet, and the Perfon fo to be appointed (hail be called «* Receiver of Affize Returns” for fuch City, Town Corporate or Borough, County,

Divifion, Riding, Diftrift or other Place; and every fuch Court,

Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen or other Chief Magiftrate or Magiftrates, or Juftices of the Peace, (hall and they are hereby authorized and required in the fame manner from time to time, upon the Death,

Removal or Refignation of any fuch Receiver, to appoint fome other fit and proper Perfon as aforefaid to be Receiver of Affize Returns for any fuch City, Town Corporate or Borough, County, Divifion,

Riding, Didrift or other Place.

II. And be it further enafted, That every Perfon fo to be ap- Receiver of Appointed Receiver of Affize Returns as aforefaid (hall, previous to his ^5turn* *• taking upon him the faid Office, take and fubferibe, before the * e a Mayor, Bailiff or other Chief Magiftrate of the City, Town Corporate, Borough or other Place, for which he (hall be appointed Receiver, or before any One Juftice of the Peace for any County, Divifion, Riding or Diftrift, for which he (hall be appointed Receiver, the following Oath [or, being of the People called Quakers, Affirmation], which Oath or Affirmation every fuch Mayor, Bailiff or other Chief Magiftrate or Juftice of the Peace, is hereby authorized and required to adminifter; videlicet,

I A.B.





458

c.n<y.

53'GEO. III.	A.D.i8i3.

f miofOith.' * T A. B.do fwear, for, affirm], That I will at all time* dmiig * the time I hold the Office of Receiver of Affize Return for

4F  Returns of Wheat and Flour made.	*	[the Name of the Place for which appointed] make true and coned  *	Returns of the whole Quantities and Prices of Wheat, and tree  *	and corred Returns of the whole Quantities and Prices of Wheatm « Flour fit for making Wheaten Bread, Standard Wheatcn Bread  <	and Houfehold Bread, taken feparately, which (hall, by means of  *	the Returns made to me as Receiver of Affize Returns, under the  <	Directions and Regulations of an Ad, paffed in the Fifty third € Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [here iafert c the Title of this Jla], appear to have been bought within the times  <	fpecified in the faid Returns; and alfo that I will at all timet is  <	aforefaid make a true and corred Average of the Prices of the « whole Quantity of Wheat, and a true and corned Average of « the Prices of the whole Quantity of Wheaten Flour fit for making « Wheaten Bread, Standard Wheaten Bread and Houfehold Bread, « taken feparately, which by means of the faid Returns made to me « (hall appear to have been to bought, according to the Diredions « and Regulations of the faid Ad ; and that I will in all things, to  *	the beft of my Skill and Judgment, conform myfelf, as Receiver  <	of Affize Returns, to the Diredions of the faid Ad.*  III. And be it further enaded, That as foon as a Receiver of Affize Returns fhall he appointed for any City, Town Corporate or Borough, County, Divifion, Riding, Diftrid or other Place, where it is intended to let any Affize of Bread within the fame, purfuaot to the Diredions of this Ad, the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of any fuch City where there fhall be any fuch Court, and when fuch Court fhall fit ; and where there fhall be no fuch Court, or there being any fuch, when the fame fhall not fit, the Mayor, Bailiffs or other Chief Magiflrate or Magiflrates of any fuch City, and in Towns CoYporate or Boroughs, the Mayor, Bailiffs, Aider-men or other Chief Magiftrate or Magiftrates for the time being of any fuch Town Corporate or Borough ; or Two or more Jufticesof the Peace in fuch Towns and Places where there fhall be no fuch Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen or Chief Magiftrate ; and Two or more Juftices of the Peace of any fuch County, Divifion, Riding, Diftrid or other Place, fhall caufe Notice to be given according to the Form annexed to this Ad, and in fuch manner as to fuch Court or Perfon or Perfons fhall feem proper, requiring all Comfa&on, Millers, Mealmen, Bakers and other Perfons who are Dealers in Wheat or Wheat Flour, and refiding or following their Trade within their refpedive Jurifdidions, or who fhall buy or fell Wheat or Wheat Flour, either in the public Market or by private Contraft within the fame, to make Returns on fome certain Day in each Week to the Receiver of Affize Returns appointed for any fuch City, Town Corporate or Borough, County, Divifion, Riding, Diftrid or other Place; and at fuch Place as fhall be fpecified for that Purpofe, of the true and precifc Quantities of all Wheat and Wheaten Flour refpe&ively, fit for making Wheaten Bread, Standard Wheaten Bread and Houfehold Bread, which fhall have been bought or fold by fuch Cornfadors, Millers, Mealmen, Bakers or other Perfons Dealers in Wheat or Wheat Flour refpedively, within Seven Days then preceding, and which Returns fhall fpecify the true and exad Prices for which fuch Wheat or Wheaten Flour fhall have been refpedively bought or fold, and the Names and Refidences of the  Perfons
St	•
-—	 CjOCK^Ic

C. 116.

4J9

A.D.1813.

530 GEO. III.

Perfons of whom bought, or to whom fold, and which Returns (hall be made according to the Forms annexed to this Adt, and be figned by the Party making the fame: Provided always, that no Provifo.

Perfon or Perfons buying or felling in the Courfe of the Seven Days then preceding, a lefs Quantity than One Quarter of Wheat, or One Sack of Flour, (hall be required to make any fuch Returns ; and provided alfo, that when any Court, Mayor, Bailiffs or other Chief Magiilrate or Magiftrates of any City, Town Corporate or Borough, or any Two or more Juflices of the Peace of any County, Divifion,

Riding, Diflridl or other Place, (hall be well and duly fatisfied that any Merchant, Dealer or other Perfon, (hall buy or fell Wheat or Wheat Flour folely for the Purpofe of being fent Coaftwife, and which (hall not be intended to be ufed or confumed in or within Fifteen Miles of the Place for which fuch Returns are required, it (hall be lawful for any fuch Court, or Perfon or Perfons, if they (hall think fit, not to require Returns from any fuch Merchant, Dealer or other Perfon, of any fuch Wheat or Wheat Flour fo intended to be fent Coaftwife, and not to be ufed or confumed within Fifteen Miles of any fuch Place.

IV. And be it further enadled, That when in any City, Town Obtaining Re-Corporate or Borough, or in any Divifion, Diftrid! or Riding of any *u™s.whe*e no County, or in any other Place where any Court, Mayor, Bailiffs or feheld other Chief Magiftrate or Magiftrates, or Juftices of the Peace, authorized by this Adi to fet an Aflize and Price of Bread within their refpedlive Jurifdidtions, (hall be defirous of fetting the fame, and where by reafon of there not being a fufficient Market, fufficient and (atisfadiory Returns of the Quantities and Prices of Wheat and Wheat Flour bought and fold within their refpedlive Jurifdidlions, cannot be obtained, then and in every fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for any fuch Court, Mayor, Bailiffs or other Chief Magiftrate or Magiftrates, or Juftices of the Peace, from time to time to require Returns to be made of all Quantities of Wheat and Wheaten Flour, bought or fold by all Cornfadtors, Millers, Mealmen, Bakers and other Perfons who are Dealers in Wheat or Wheat Flour, and who (hall be redding or following their Trade within the Diftance . of Five Miles of the refpedlive Jurifdidlions of fuch Court, or Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid requiring the fame ; or who (hall buy or fell Wheat or Wheat Flour, either in any public Market or by private Contrad! within the faid Diftance; or it (hall be lawful for

any fuch Court, Mayor, Bailiffs or other Chief Magiftrate or Magiftrates, or Juftices of the Peace, from time to time to require of auy Receiver of Aflize Returns of any Place near any fuch City, Town Corporate or Borough, Divifion, Diftrid! or Riding, from which any Wheat or Wheat Flour may from time to time be brought for the fupply of any fuch Place or Places, Did rid!, Divifion or Riding, a Duplicate of the Returns which (hall be from time to time made by fuch Receiver of Aflize Returns, of the Quantities and Prices of Wheat and Wheat Flour bought and fold within the Jurifdidlion for which fuch Receiver (ball be appointed, although fuch Corn-fadors, Millers, Mealmen, Bakers or other Perfons, or Receiver of Aflize Returns, (hall not be within the Jurifdidlion of the Court, Mayor, Bailiffs or other Chief Magiftrate or Magiftrates, or Juftices of the Peace, requiring fuch Returns; and every fuch Cornfadlor, Miller, Mealman, Baker or other Perfons, who are Dealers in Wheat

or





1





Goo



460

C. 116.

Returns made ou Dedal.tiioo*

Penalty. Receiver of Affize Returns to make up a General Return.

53* GEO. in.	AJJ.1813.	I

or Wheat Flour, and every Receiver of Affize Return*, who (hall be required to make any fuch Returns, (hall make the fame in like maoaer and.under the like Regulations in every refpeA as the like Returnsaf Wheat and Wheat Flour are required to be made by this Ad ; aid the faid Returns which (hall be fo made of the Quantities and Prim of Wheat and Wheat Flour, bought and fold either within Fiw Miles of the Jurifdi&ion of any Place, or which fhall be fo made by any Receiver of Affize Returns for any other Place than the Place in which an Affize of Bread is intended to be fet, fhall from time to time in computing the Average Prices of Wheat and Wheat Floor hereafter dire&ed to be made, be added to and form Part of the Returns of Wheat and Wheat Flour which (hall be made for the Place for which an Affize of Bread is intended to be fet.

V.	And be it further ena&ed. That every Cornfa&or, Miller, Mealman, Baker and other Perfons who are or fhall be Dealers io Wheat or Wheat. Flour, and who (hall be required by this Ad to make any Returns of Wheat or Wheat Flour bought or fold by them, (hall within One Month after they (hall be required to make fud Returns, make a Declaration In the Form following ; that is to fay,

*	T A. B. do hereby declare. That the Returns of the QuaaliriVs

*	A and Prices of Wheat and Wheat Flour bought or fold by me,

« which I (hall hereafter make, (hall, to the beft of my Knowledge « and Belief, be true and juft, and to the beft of my Judgment con-

*	formable to the Dire&ions of an A6t patted in the Fifty third Year « of t he Reign of King George the Third, intituled An A3 to oiler 1 and amend Two Ads of the Thirty Jirjl Tear of King George tht

*	Second, and the Thirteenth Tear of Hit prefent Majcfty, fofar ax

*	relates to the Price and Affi%e of Bread to he fold out of toe City of ‘ London, and the Liberties thereof and beyond the Weekly Bills tf c Mortality, and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange.*

Which Declaration (hall be in Writing, and (hall be fubferibed with the Hand of fuch Miller, Mealman, Baker or other Pcrfon, who (hall be a Dealer in Wheat or Wheat Flour, and (hall be by them or their Agents refpe&ively forthwith delivered to the Court, Mayor, Bailiff or other Chief Magiftrate or Magiftrates of the City,

Town Corporate or Borough, or to fome Juftice of the Peace of the County, Divifion, Diftrift or other Place, where the Party making the fame fhall refide, who is hereby required to certify the fame to, tnd fuch Certificate is hereby required to be filed by, the Clerk of the Peace for fuch County, Riding, Divifion or other Plac£, or br the Town Clerk for fuch City or Town refpe&ively; and in cafe any Perfon (hall buy or fell any Wheat or Wheat Flour, without having made the faid Declaration, fuch Perfon (hall, for every fuch Neglect, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That from the faid Returns of Wheat and Flour fo to be made as aforefaid in every City, Torn Corporate or Borough, County, Riding, Divifion or Place, where the fame (hall be made, a General Return or Account of the Quantities, Sorts and Prices of all Wheat and Flour made of Wheat, which (hall, by means of the faid Returns, appear to hire been bought within the time fpecified therein, together with the Average Price of the whole Quantity of Wheat, and the Average Prices of the -whole Quantity of Wheaten Flour fit for making

*	3	Wheaten







C. ii 6i

AD. 1813,	530	GEO.	III.



Wheaten Bread, Standard Wheaten Bread and Houfehold Bread, taken feparately and refpe&ively, (hall be prepared and computed by the Receiver of Aftize Returns for every fuch Place, within One Day from the receiving of the fame; and the faid General Return (hall be entered and figned by him in fome Book to be provided for that Puipofe, in fuch manner and Form as any fuch refpe&ive Court,

Mayor, Bailiff, Aldermen, Chief Magiftrate or Magiftrates, or Juftices ns afore faid, within their refpe&ive Jurifdi&ions, (hall from time to time appoint; and every fuch General Return and Average, when fo entered, (hall be fubmitted to fuch Court, or Perfon or Perfons, for their Confideration or Corre&ion : Provided always, that if any Prorifo. Court, Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen, Chief Magiftrate or Magiftrates, or Juftices as aforefaid, (hall at any time fufpeti that any Returns to be made as aforefaid, are not truly and bona fide made, and (hall have iffued a Summons to the Party or Parties making the fame, for the Purpofe of examining into the Truth of the fame, purfuant to the Power and Authority hereafter contained for that Purpofe, then and in that cafe the faid Return or Returns whilft under Examination (hall not be included in or form Part of the faid General Return from which the Average Prices of Wheat and of Flour are to be computed as aforefaid.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That within two Days after every Setting AfHie. fuch General Return and Average (hall be fo made and entered as aforefaid, the Aftize and Weight of each Sort of Bread on which an Aftize is intended to be fet for every City, Town Corporate or Borough, County, Riding, Divifion and Place, where the lame (hall be made, and the Prices to be paid for the fame refpe&ively, (hall from time to time be fet and afeertained by the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of every fuch City where there (hall be any fuch Court* and when the fame (hall fit, and when fuch Court (hall not (it, by the Mayor of every fuch City ; and where there (hall be no fueh Court of Mayor and Aldermen in any fuch City, then by the Mayor, Bailiffs or other Chief Magiftrate or Magiftrates of every fuch other City; and in Towns Corporate and Boroughs by the Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen or other Chief Magiftrate or Magiftrates of evenr fuch Town Corporate or Borough; and by Two or more Juftices of the Peace in Towns or Places where there (hall be no fuch Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen, Chief Magiftrate or Magiftrates; and in Counties at large by Two or more Juftices of the Peace within their refpe&ive Jurifdi6tions, from the faid Average Prices, either of Wheat or of Flour, according to the Prices in the Tables annexed to this A&, either of Wheat or of Flour neareft the faid Average Prices, in lieu and place of the Tables dire&ed to be made ufc of by the faid Ads of the Thirty firft Year 31 G.a. c.29, of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year 13G.3. c.6a, of the Reign of His prefent Maicfty ; and if at any time the Price of the Bu(hel of Wheat or Sack of Flour (hall not amount to the loweft Price mentioned in the faid Table, or (hall exceed the hi^heft Price mentioned therein, then and in either of the faid cafes Jt (hall be lawful for all Courts, and Perfon and Perfons duly authorized, to continue to fet and afeertain within their feveral Jurifdi&ions the Aftize and Price of Bread made for Sale or expofed to Sale, whatever the Price of the Bu(hel of Wheat or Sack of Flour may be: Pro- Provifo. . vided always, that in fetting and afeertaining the fame, fuch Court, or Perfon or Perfons refpe&ively, (hall duly obferve the Proportions

contained



C. 116.

462

53° GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

38 G. 3. c. 62.

AfTtre to commence and continue as direded by Court,

Where Wheat or Flour has been brought from aDiftance, Addition made to Aflize.

Refilling or making falie Returns.

Penalty.

Afcjrtaining Corre&neU of Returns.

contained in the faid Tables annexed to this Ad, as near as caa be; and provided alfo, that the Allowance of Five pence per Quarter os Wheat, which, by an A A pafTed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS to emptier Magijf rates and Jujlices of the Peace, in Jetting the AJfi'ze of Bread, to male an Allowance on account of the additional Duty cn Sek Magiftrate* are direded to make the Bakers in fetting the Afiireot Bread on account of the then additional Duty on Salt, (hall be con-fidercd and taken as included in the Allowance given to the Eaktrs by the faid Tables annexed to this A6t.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That every Aflize which (hall be fet in purfuance of this Ad, for any City, Town Corporate or Borough, (hall commence and take place on fuch Day in every Week, | and be in force for fuch time not exceeding Seven Days from the | fetting of the fame, and (hall be made public in fuch manner, as the Court, Mayor, Bailiffs or other Chief Magiftrate or Magiflratcs who (hall fet the fame, (hall from time to time dired and appoint; and that every Aflize which (hall be fet in purfuance of this A6t for any County, Divifion, Riding or Diftrid, (hall commence and take place on fuch Day in every Week, and be in force for fuch time no: exceeding Fourteen Days from the fetting of the fame, and (hall be made public in fuch manner as the Juftices of the Peace whd (hall fet the fame (hall from time to time dired and appoint.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That in cafes where the Price! and Quantities of Wheat or Wheat Flour bought or fold in diflant Places (hall be returned, and be included in the Prices from which the general Average Price of Wheat and of Flour is made for any City, Town Corporate or Borough, County, Divifion, Riding or Place, where an Aflize of Bread is fet as hereinbefore direded, it (hall be lawful for the Court, Mayor, Bailiffs or other Chief Magiftrate or Magidrates of any fuch City, Town Corporate or Borough, or the Juftices of the Peace in any fuch County, Divifion or Riding, and they are hereby required, previous to fuch Average being made, to add fuch an Allowance for the Expence and Ri(k of Carriage or Tranfportation, as from the Inquiry or Proof made (hall to fuch Court or Courts, Mayor, Bailiffs or other Chief Magiftrate or Magiftratcs, or Juftices of the Peace, appear juft and reafonable, foas that the Average Price of Wheat and Wheaten Flour, for any fuch City, Town Corporate or Borough, County, Divifion, Riding or Place may be from time to time ascertained according to what fuch Wheat or Wheaten Flour may truly have coft the Perfon or Pcrfons who may have bought the fame.

X.	And be it further enaded, That every Cornfador, Miller, Mealman, Baker or other Perfon, who is or hereafter (hall be a Dealer in Wheat or Flour, and every Receiver of Aflize Returns who (hall be required by this Ad to make any Return, who (hall refufe or negled to make any fuch Return in manner and Form by this Ad direded, and at the time and the Place (pecified for that Purpofe, or who (hall make any falfe Return, (ball forfeit for every fuch Offcoce any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, as the Court, or Perfon or Pcrfons before whom any fuch Offender or Offenders (hall be convi&ed, (hall think fit and order.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That if any Court, Mayor, Bailiffs or other Chief Magiftrate or Magiftratcs, or Juftice or Juftices of the

14	Peace

Peace authorized as aforefaid, who (hall hare thought proper to have ordered any Return to be made of the Price of Wheat or Flour, ftiall at any time within the Space of Fourteen Days after any fuch Return Jhall have been made, fufped that the fame was not truly and bona fide made, then and in any fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for any fuch Coart, or Perfon or Perfons, to fummon before them refpedively the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Return 5 or any other Perfon or Perfons who (hall be thought to be likely to giye any Information concerning the Premifes, and to examine them refpedively upon Oath touching the Rates and Prices the feveral Sorts of Wheat or of Flour mentioned in the faid Return were there really and bona fide bought at or fold for, or agreed fo to be, by him, her or them refpedively, at any time or tiroes within the Space mentioned in the faid Return; and it any Perfon or Perfons who (hall be To fummoned as aforefaid,

(hall negled or refufe to appear on fuch Summons (and Proof (hall be made on Oath of fuch Summons having been duly ferved upon him, her or them for that Purpofe), or if any Perfon or Perfons fo fummoned (hall appear, and negled or refufe to anfwer fuch lawful Refuting to ap-

Sueftions touching the Premifes as (hall be propofed to him, her or pear and anfwer.

em, by any fuch Court, or Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, without fome juU or reafonable Excufe, to be allowed of by any fuch Court, or Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, he, (he or they fo offending, on being confided of any fuch Offence, either by the Oath of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, or his or their own Confeflion before any fuch Court, or Perfon or Perfons, (hall on every fuch Con-vision forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, as any Penalty, fuch Court or Perfon or Perfons (hall think fit and order; and if any Perfon who (hall be fo examined on Oath (hall wilfully forfwear him or herfelf, every fuch Perfon (hall be fubjed and liable to be profecuted as for Perjury, by Indidment or Information by due Courle of Law, Perjury, and if convidcd, (hall be liable to the Penalties Perfons convided of Perjury are fubjed and liable to.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That neither this Ad or any Provifo for thing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to, extend to Uuivcrfiues. prejudice the ancient Right or Cuftom of the Two Univerfities of Oxford or Cambridge, or either of them, or of their or either of their Clerks of the Market, or the Pradice within the feveral Jurifdidions of the faid Univerfities, or either of them, ufed to fet, afeertain and appoint the Ailize and Weight of all Sorts of Bread to be fold or expofed to Sale within their feveral Jurifdidions ; but that they and every of them (hall and may feverally and refpedively from time to time as there (hall be Occafion, fet, afeertain and appoint, within their feveral and refpedive Jurifdidions, the Afiize and Weight of all Sorts of Bread to be fold or expofed to Sale by any Baker or other Perfon whatfoever within the Limits of their feveral Jurifdic-tions, and (hall and may inquire into and punifh any Breach thereof, fully and freely in all refpeds as they ufed to do, and as if this Ad had never been made 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That all Powers, Authorities, Former Ad*. Provihons, Diredions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters and 31 G. 2. c.%9 Things, contained in the faid Ads of the Thirty firft Year of the 13 G.3«c.6a. Reign of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, or either of them, not altered

or

Digit--------



C. 116.

53* GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

$i G.z c.29.

Commencement of Aa.

Public Aa.

or varied by any of the Provifions of this Ad, as far as the (ace are or can be made applicable, and can be applied for carrying into Execution the Purpofes of this Aft, (hall be ufed, cxercifed and put in Execution for enforcing the Regulations, Prorifions and Direftions of this Aft, in fuch and the fame manner as if the fame were herein contained, and were at large re-enaded and made Part of this Aft ; and the Penalties by this A# inflicted (ball be recovered and applied in like manner as the Penalties inflided by the faid Ad of the Thirty firlt Year of the Reign of King George the Second are direfted to be recovered and applied.

XIV.	And be it further enafted. That this Ad (ball commence and take effeft from and immediately after One Calendar Month from the palling thereof.

XV.	And be it enafted, That this Aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

SCHEDULES to which this A£t refers.

Schedule, No. 1.

FORM OF RETURN OF WHEAT.

An ACCOUNT of all the Wheat fit for the Purpofeof making Wheaten Bread, bought or fold [as the cafe may be] by [infert Name] of [infert Refidenee] in the Parifh of from to [infert Dates] both inclufive.				
Date when bought or fold.	Seller’s or Buyer's Name and Rcfidencc.	Quantities of Wheat. Qrs. Bu(h.	Price per Quarter.	Total Price.
			/	J

Self-





AJD. 1813.

53’GEO. III.

C.116.

465

Schedule, No. 2.

FORM OF RETURN OF WHEATEN FLOUR.

An ACCOUNT of all the Flour fit for making Wheaten Bread, bought or fold, [as the cafe may be'] by [Name] of [Refidence] in the Parifh of from to [infert Dates] both inclufive.			
Date when bought or fold.	Seller’s or Buyer’s Name and Refidence.	Number of Sacks.	Price per Sack.
	•	•	

Schedule, No. 3.

FORM OF RETURN OF STANDARD WHEATEN FLOUR.

An ACCOUNT of all the Flour fit for making Standard Wheaten Bread, bought or fold [jj the cafe may be] by [Name] of [Refidence] in the Parifh of from to [infert Dates] both inclufive.			
Date when bought or fold.	Seller’s or Buyer’s Name and Refidence.	Number of Sacks.	Price per Sack.
			

N.B. The Flour included in this Return is to weigh Three Fourths of the Weight of the Wheat of which it is made.

51 Geo. III.	H h



C.iuS.

53* GEO. Ill

AJD.1813

Schedule, No. 4.

FORM OF RETURN OF HOUSEHOLD FLOUR.

Ah ACCOUNT of all the Flour fit for making Houfehold Bread bought or fold [at the cafe may be] by [Name] of [Refidence] in the Parifh of from to [infert Dates] both inclufive.			
Date when bought or fold.	Seller's or Buyer's Name and Refidence.	Number of Sacks.	Price per Sack*
			

Schedule, No. 5.

FORM of NOTICE when an Aflize of Bread is intended to be fet for any Place.

[Infat Name of Place'] 1 \TOTICE is hereby given. That by virtue To Wit. j of an A 61 of Parhament, pa flea in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An AB [here infert the Title of tbit AB] an Affize of Bread is intended to be fet for this [infert City, or what it may be'] ; and all Cornfadors, Millers, Mealmen, Bakers and other Perfons who are Dealers in Wheat or Wheat Flour, and refiding or carrying on their Jlufinefs within this Jurifdidion, or who buy or fell Wheat or Wheat Flour, either in the Public Market or by Private Contrad within the fame, or within Five Miles thereof, [to be added where it it intended to call for Returnt within that Dijiance] are hereby required, on [infert Day] in each Week, till further Notice, to make Returns according to the Forms annexed to the faid Ad, and according to the Regulations of the fame, to [infert Name] who has been duly appointed Receiver of Affize Returns under the faid Ad, at [infert Place where Returns to be made] of the true and precife Quantities of all Wheat and Wheaten Flour refpedively, fit for making Wheaten Bread, Standard Wheaten Bread and Houfehold Bread, which (hall have been bought or fold by them within Seven Days preceding in each Week, and the true and exad Prices for which fucn Wheat or Wheaten Flour Audi have been refpedively bought or fold, and

the



A.D.1813.	53°GEO. IIL	C.ntf.

the Names and Refidences of the Perfons of whom bought, or to whom fold ; and which Returns are to be figned by the Party making the fame : And all Perfons required by this Notice to make any fuch Returns who (hall negled or refufe to make the fame, or who (hall make any falfe Returns, will be liable to a Penalty for each Offence not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds.

(Signed) A. B. Receiver of Afiize Returns for [infert Name of Place].

H h a	Schedule

467

. I



Digitized

47®

C.n 6.	53°	GEO.III.	A.D.1813.

Schedule, No. 6.—TABLE of the PRICE and ASSIZE of WHEATEN

■	1	i

THE PRICE TABLE.

When the Average Price of WHEAT

Is returned at

No.

♦1.

42

43.

44.

45.

46-

47-48. 4.. 50.

51

52-

53

54.

55.

per

Quarter

56.

57. 58

59.

60.

61.

62.

63.

64.

65.

66.

67.

68.

69.

70.

71-

79

per

Bufhel.



When the Average Price of FLOUR

<« o

Z ~ £

. 5 OS 1

. «* o	J

v a	/

is

Is returned at

Add

Baking & . 13s ad. per Sack

BREAD.

Total Price, and| Baking, per Quarter.

per

Sack

Total I Price of Price, andlPeckLoaf.

Baking, per Sack.

|To weigh 171b. 6oz.|

/. d 119 0 121 0 123 0 125 0 127 0	a. d.  14	10$  15	1$ 15 4$ 15 7$ 15 10$	;. d. 134 10 136 10 138 10 140 10 142 10	/. d.  100	0  101	8 103 4  105	0  106	8	/. d. 113 4  115	0  116	8 118 4 120 0	x. d. 5 8 5 9 5 10  5	11  6	0	t. d.  2 10 2 10$ 2 11 2 11$ 3 0	/• d.  1 5 1 5$ 1 5$ 1 5$ 1 6	/. d. 0 5$ 0 8$ 0 8$ 0 4  0 9
129 0 131 0 133 0 135 0 137 0	16 it  16 4$  16	7} 16 10$  17	1$	144 10 146 10 148 10  150 10 152 10	108 4 110 0 111 8 113 4 115 0	121 8 123 4  125	0  126	8 128 4	6 1 6 2 6 3 6 4 6 5	3 0$ 3 1 3 1$  3 2 3 2	1 6$ ! 3  1 7  1 H	0 9$  : 3  0 0$  0 9$
139 0 141 0 143 0 145 0 147 0	17 4$  17	7$  17 10$  18	1$ 18 4$	154 10 156 10 158 10 160 10 162 10	116 8 118 4 120 0 121 8 123 4	130	0  131	8 133 4  135	0  136	8	6 6 6 7 6 8 6 9 6 10	3 3 3 3$ 3 4 3 4$ 3 5	1 7$  1  1 8 1 8$ 1 8$	0 9$ 0 9$ 0 10 0 10$ 0 10$
149	0  150	0 152 6 154 6 156 6	18	7$  18 9  19	o$  19 3$ 19 6$	164 10 166 10 168 4 170 4 172 4	125	0  126	8 128 4  130	0  131	8	138 4  140	0  141	8 143 4  145 0	6 11 7 0 7 1 7 2  7 3	3 5$ 3 6 3 6$ 3 7 3 7*	1  1 9 1 9$  13	0 10$ 0 10$ 0 lOf  0 10} 0 10$
158 6 160 6 162 6 164 6 166 6	19	oi  20	04 20 3$ 20 6$ 20 0}	174 4 176 4 178 4 180 4 182 4	133 4  135	0  136	8 138 4 140 0	146 8 148 4  150	0  151	8 153 4	7 4 7 5 7 6 7 7 7 8	3 8 3 8$ 3 9 3 9$ 3 10	1 10 1 10$ 1 10* 1 10$ 1 11	0 JJ 0 11$ 0 11} 0 11$ 0 11$
168 6 170 6  172 «  174 6 176 6	21 0$  21	3$ 21 6$ 21  22	0$	184 4  186 4 168 4 190 4 192 4	141 8 143 4  145	0  146	8 148 4	155	0  156	8 158 4 160 0 101 8	7 9 7 10  7	11  8	0 8 1	3 10$ 3 11  3	11$  4	0 4 0$	1 11$ 1 11$ 111$ 2 0 2 0$	0 11$ 0 11$  0	11$  1	0 1 0$
178 «	22 3$ 22 64	194 4  196 4	150	0  151	8	163 4 165 0	8' 9 8 3	4 1 4 ii	2 0$ 2 0$	1 0$ 1 0$

Price of Half Peck] Loaf. |To weigh 18 lb. tioa.l

Price of Quartern Loaf. To weigh 4lb. 50a. 8dr.

Price of Half Quartern

|*l owei^h

lib. lot ildr.

JV. B^Bj thU Table, the Number of Pounds of





A.D.1813.	53*GEO.m.	C.116.	469

BREAD, from the PRICE of WHEAT, and from the PRICE of FLOUR.

THE ASSIZE TABLE.												
No. of Aflize and Price,	The  Penny  Loaf,  To weigh	The Two-penny Loaf,  To weigh	The  Three-penny  Loaf,  To weigh		The  Six-penny  Loaf,  To weigh		The  Twelve-  penny  Loaf, To weigh			The  Eighteen-  penny  Loaf, To weigh		No.
	oz. dr.	b. ox. dr.	lb.	ox. dr.	lb.	ox. dr.	lb.	ox.	dr.	lb.	ox dr.	
1.	9 14	1 3 10	1	13. 12	0	11 9	7	7	2	11	2 11	1.
3.	9 9	1 0 2	1	12 12	3	9 8	7	3	0	10	12 8	2.
a.	9 4	12 8	1	11 12	3	7 9	6	15	3	10	6 12	3.
4.	8 15	1 1 14	1	10 14	3	5 12	6	11	9	10	1 6	4.
5	8 11	1 1 6	1	10 1	3	4 2	6	8	4	9	12 6	5.
6.	8 6	1 0 13	1	9 4	3	2 8	6	5	1	9	7 10	6.
7	8 2	1 0 5	1	8 8	3	1 0	6	2	1	9	3 2	7.
6.	7 15	0 15 14	1	7 13	2	15 10	5	15	5	8	14 15	8.
9	7 11	0 15 7	1	7 2	2	14 5	5	12	10	8	11 0	9.
10	7 8	O 15 0	1	6 8	2	13 1	5	10	2	8	7 3	10.
11	7 3	0 14 10	1	5 15	2	11 14	5	7	12	8	3 10	11.
12	7 2	O 14 4	1	5 6	2	10 12	5	5	8	8	0 4	12.
10.	6 15	0 13 14	1	4 13	2	9 11	5	0	6	7	13 1	13.
14.	6 12	0 10 8	1	4 5	2	8 10	5	1	5	7	10 0	14.
15	6 9	O 10 3	1	3 13	2	7 li	4	5	6	7	7 2	15.
16.	6 7	O 12 14	1	0 6	2	6 12	4	13	9	7	4 5	16.
17.	6 5	O 12 10	1	2 15	2	5 14	4	11	13	7	1 11	17.
18.	6 2	0 12 5	1	2 8	2	5 1	4	10	2	6	15 3	18.
19	6 0	0 12 1	1	2 2	2	4 4	4	8	8	6	12 12	19.
30.	5 14	0 11 13	1	1 11	2	3 7	4	6	15	6	10 7	20.
21	5 12	0 119	1	1 6	2	2 12	4.	5	8	6	8 4	21.
23.	5 10	0 115	1	1 0	2	2 0	4	4	1	6	6 1	22.
20.	5 8	0 111	1	0 10	2	1 5	4	2	11	6	4 1	23.
24.	3 7	0 10 14	1	0 5	2	0 11	4	1	6	6	2 1	24.
25.	5 5	O 10 11	1	0 0	2	0 1	4	0	2	6	0 3	25.
26.	5 0	0 10 7	0	15 11	1	15 7	3	14	15	5	14 6	26.
27.	5 2	0 10 4	0	15 7	1	14 14	3	13	12	5	12 10	27-
28.	5 0	0 10 1	0	15 2	1	14 5	3	12	10	5	10 15	28.
29.	4 15	0 9 14	0	14 14	1	13 13	3	11	11	5	9 8	29.
00.	4 14	0 9 12	0	14 10	1	13 4	3	10	8	5	7 12	30.
01.	4 12	0 9 9	0	14 6	1	12 12	3	9	8	5	6 4	31.
02.	4 11	0 9 6	0	14 2	1	12 4	3	8	8	5	4 3	32.
00.	4 10	0 9 4	0	13 14	1	11 12	3	7	9	5	3 6	33.
04.	4 8	0 9 1	0	13 10	1	11 5	3	6	11	5	2 0	34
05.	4 7	0 8 15	0	13 7	1	10 14	3	5	12	5	0 11	;V5.
06.	4 6	0 8 13	0	13 3	1	10 7	3	4	15	4	15 6	36.
37.	4 5	0 8 11	0	13 0	1	10 1	3	4	2	4	14 3	37-
38.	4 4	0 8 8	0	12 13	1	9 10	3	3	5	4	12 15	38.
09.	4 3	0 8 6	0	12 10	1	9 4	3	2	8	4	11 13	39.
40.	4 2	0 8 4	0 12 7		1	9 14	3	1	12	4	10 10	40.

Hh t	(tmthmtS.)



n/-

53° GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

Schedule, No 7.—TABLE of the PRICE and ASSIZE of STANDARD WHf ATEN THE PRICE TABLE.

'When the Average Price of FLOUR	
	Add
Is re-	Baking
turned	Sec.
at	13s. 4d. per Sack.

When the Average Price of WHEAT

Is returned at

a

a

^ vi

.5 «

^ o o v* .*lfO

* * e 2

& ^3^

BREAD.

No.	per  Quarter.		per  Bulhel.		Total Price, and Baking, per Quarter.		per Sack.		Total Price, and Baking, per Sack.		Price of PecV Loaf. I’o weigh 171b. box.		Price of Half Peck Loaf.  1 0 weigh Sib. 11 ox.		Price of Quartern Loaf. To weigh 4lb. 50Z. 8 dr.		Price cf Half Quarters Loaf 1 0 weigh lib lor 12 dr
	/.	d.	t	d.	/•	d.	/•	d.	/.	d.	J.	d.		d.	«.	d.	1. d.
1.	39	6	4	Ill	56	2	31	8	45	0	2	3	1		0	<4	0 3$
3.	41	6	5	21	58	2	33	4	46	8	2	4	1	2	0	7	0 3$
3.	43	8	5	5$	60	4	35	0	48	4	2	5	1	2$	0	7i	0 31
4.	45	8	5	8$	63	4	36	8	50	0	2	6	1	3	0	74	0
5.	47	10	5	Ilf	64	6	38	4	51	8	2	7	1	3$	0	74	0 3$
6.	49	10	6	2$	66	6	40	0	53	4	2	8	1	4	0	8	0 4
7-	53	0	6	6	68	8	41	8	55	0	2	9	1	4$	0	8$	0 4$
8	54	‘2	6	9$	70	10	43	4	56	8	3	10	1	5	0	4	0 4$
9-	56	2	7	0]	72	10	45	0	58	4	2	11	1		0	6$	0 «i
10.	58	4	7	3}	75	0	46	8	60	0	3	0	1	6	0	9	0
11	60	4	7	6$	77	0	48	4	61	8	3	1	1	6*	0	9$	0 4i
13.	63	6	7	9f	79	2	50	0	63	4	3	2	1	7	0		0 4 j
13.	64	6	8	Of	81	2	51	8	65	0	3	3	1	7$	0	9}	0 4i
14.	66	s	8	4	83	4	53	4	66	8	3	4	1	6	0	10	0 5
If.	68	8	8	7	85	4	55	0	68	4	3	5	1	8$	0	10$	0 5|
16.	70	10	8 10$		87	6	56	8	70	0	3	6	1	9	0	H>$	0 5$
17.	72	10	9	1*	89	6	58	4	71	8	3	7	1	9$	0 10$		0 5*
18.	73	0	9		91	8	60	0	73	4	3	8	1	10	0	11	0 5$
19.	77	0	9	4	93	8	61	8	75	0	3	9	1	10$	0 11$		0 5$
30	79	2	9	I of	95	10	63	4	76	8	3	10	1	11	0 11$		°
31.	81	3	10	1*	97	JO	65	0	78	4	3	11	1		0	Hi	0 5$
33	83	4	10	5	100	0	66	8	60	O	4	0	2	0	1	0	0 6
33.	85	4	10	8	102	0	68	4	81	8	4	1	2	0$	1	0$	0
34.	87	6	10		104	2	70	0	83	4	4	2	2	1	1	0$	0 6{
35.	89	6	11	2$	106	2	71	8	85	0	4	3	2	1$	1	3	0 61
36.	91	8	11	**	108	4	73	4	s6	8	4	4	2	2	1	1	0 6$
37-	93	8	11	8*	110	4	75	0	88	4	4	5	2	2$	1	1$	0 6{
38.	95	10	11	Uf	112	6	76	8	90	0	4	6	2	3	1	1$	0 6j
39	97	10	12	2}	114	6	78	4	91	8	4	7	2	3$	1	1$	0 6$
30-	100	0	12	6	116	8	80	0	93	4	4	8	2	4	1	2	0 7
31.	103	0	13	9	118	8	81	8	4J3	0	4	9	2	4$	1	2$	0 7*
33.	• 04	3	13	°i	120	10	83	4	96	8	4	10	2	5	1	2$	0 74
33.	106	3	13	3$	132	10	85	0	98	4	4	11	2	5$	1	2$	0 74
34.	108	4	13	<>}	125	0	86	8	100	0	5	0	2	6	1	3	0 74
35.	110	4	13	9$	J27	0	88	4	101	8	5	1	2	6$	1	3$	0 74
36.	113	6	14	0 i	129	2	90	0	103	4	5	2	2	7	1	3$	0 74
37*	114	6	14		131	2	91	8	105	0	5	3	2	7$	1	3$	0 74
38.	116	8	14	7	133	4	93	4	106	6	5	4	2	8	1	4	0 s
39-	118	8 1	14	10	135	4	95	0	108	4	5	5	2	8$	1	4$	0 s|
40.	120	10 j	15	1 i	137	6	96	8	110	0	5	6	2	9	1	41	0 641

THE ASSIZE TABLE.

No. of Aflize and Price. |	The . Penny Loaf,  Ta weigh		The  Two-penny  Loaf,  Ta weigh			The  Three-penny  Loaf,  To weigh			The  Six-penny  Loaf,  To weigh			The  Twehre-  penny  Loaf, Ta weigh			The  Eighteen.  penny  Loaf, To weigh	1*0.
i*	ox.  10	dr.  7	16.  1	ox.  4	dr.  14	lb.  1	ox  15	dr.  5	lb.  3	OX.  14	dr,  10	lb.  7	ox.  13	dr.  4	lb. ox. dr. 11 11 14	1.
2.	9	14	1	3	13	1	13	12	3	11	9	7	7	2	11 2 11	3*
3.	9	9	1	3	2	1	12	12	3	9	8	7	3	0	10 12 8	3.
4.	9	4	1	2	8	1	11	12	3	7	9	6	15	3	10 6 12	4.
5.	8	15	1	1	14	1	10	14	3	5	12	6	11	9	10 1 6	5.
6.	8	11	1	1	6	1	10	1	3	4	2	6	8	4	9 12 6	6.
7.	8	6	1	0	13	1	9	4	3	*	8	6	5	1	9 7 10	7-
8.	8	2	1	0	5	1	8	8	3	1	0	6	2	1	9 3 2	8.
9e	7	15	0	15	14	1	7	13	2	15	10	5	15	5	8 14 15	9.
10.	7	11	0	15	7	1	7	2	2	14	5	5	12	10	8 110	10.
11.	7	8	0	15	0	1	6	8	2	13	1	5	10	2	8 7 3	11.
12.	7	5	0	14	10	1	5	15	2	11	14	5	7	12	8 3 10	12.
13.	7	2	0	14	4	1	5	6	2	10	12	5	5	8	8 0 4	13.
14	6	15	0	13	14	1	4	13	2	9	11	5	3	6	7 13 1	14.
15.	6	12	0	13	8	1	4	5	2	8	10	5	1	5	7 10 0	15.
16.	- 6	9	0	13	3	1	3	13	2	7	11	4	15	6	7 7 2	
17.	6	7	0	12	14	1	3	6	2	6	12	4	13	9	7 4 5	17.
18.	6	5	0	12	10	1	2	15	2	. 5	14	4	11	13	7 1 11	18.
19.	6	2	0	12	5	1	2	8	2	5	1	4	10	2	6 15 3	19*
20.	6	0	0	12	1	1	2	2	2	4	4	4	8	8	6 12 12	20.
21.	5	14	0	11	13	1	1	11	2	3	7	4	6	15	6 10 7	21.
22.	5	12	0	11	9	1	1	6	2	2	12	4	5	8	6 8 4	22.
23.	5	10	0	11	5	1	1	0	2	2	0	4	4	1	6 6 1	23.
24.	5	8	0	11	1	1	0	10	2	1	5	4	2	11	6 4 1	24.
25.	5	7	0	10	14	1	0	5	2	0	11	4	1	6	6 2 1	25.
26.	5	5	0	10	11	1	0	0	2	0	1	4	0	2	6 0 3	26.
27.	5	3	0	10	7	0	15	11	1	15	7	3	14	15	5 14 6	27.
28*	5	2	0	10	4	0	15	7	1	14	14	3	13	12	5 12 10 ,	28.
29.	5	0	0	10	1	0	15	2	1	14	5	3	12	10	5 10 15	29
30.	4	15	0	9	14	0	14	14	1	13	13	3	11	11	5 9 8	30.
31.	4	14	0	9	12	0	14	10	1	13	4	3	10	8	5 7 12	31.
32.	4	12	„ 0	9	9	0	14	6	1	12	12	3	9	8	5 6 4	32.
33.	4	11	0	9	6	0	14	2	1	12	4	3	8	8	5 4 3	33.
34.	4	10	0	9	4	0	13	14	1	11	12	3	7	9	5 3 6	34.
35.	4	8	0	9	1	0	13	10	1	11	5	3	6	11	5 2 0	35.
36.	4	7	0	8	15	0	13	7	1	10	14	3	5	12	5 0 11	36
37-	4	6	0	8	13	0	13	3	1	10	7	3	4	15	4 15 6	37.
38.	4	5	0	8	11	0	13	0	1	10	1	3	4	2	4 14 a	38.
39.	4	4	0	8	8	0	12	13	1	9	10	3	3	5	4 12 15	39.
40.	4	3	0	8	6	0	12	10	1	9	4	8	2	8	4 11 13	40.
															(continued	





C.n 6.	53°	GEO.	IH.	A.D.1813.

Schedule, No. 7.—TABLE of the PRICE and ASSIZE of STANDARD WHEATEN

THE PRICE TABLE.

When the Average Price of WHEAT

Is returned it

rs-

■o jt

1482

< •* * s.

& SL

When the Aver-*ge Price of FLOUR

Is re. turned at

Add

Baking,

&c. 13s. 4<L per Sack,

BREAD.

No.	per  Quarter.		per  Buihel.		Total Price, and Baking, per Quarter.		per Sack.		Total Price, and Baking, per Sack.		Price of PeckLoaf. To weigh 17lb. 6ox.		Price of Half Peck Loaf. To weigh 8 lb. it ox.	Price of Quartern Loaf, To weigh 4 lb. 5 oz. 8 dr.	Price of Half Quartern Loaf. To weigh 2 lb. 2 ox. 12 dr.
	/.	d.	i.	d.	X.	d.	i.	d.	X.	d,	X.	<L	/. d.	X. d.	x. d.
. 41-	133	10	15	4*	139	6	98	4	Ill	8	5	7	2 9*	1 4*	0 8*
%2.	135	0	15	7$	141	8	100	0	113	4	5	8	2 10	1 5	0 8*
43.	137	0	15	io*	143	8	101	8	115	0	5	9	2 10*	1 **	0 8*
44.	139	2	16		145	10	103	4	116	8	5	10	2 11	1 5*	0 8*
45.	131	2	16	4*	147	10	105	0	118	4	5	11	2 11*	1 5*	0 8*
46.	133	4	16	8	150	0	106	* 8	120	0	6	0	3 0	1 6	0 9
47-	135	4	16	11	152	0	108	4	121	8	6	1	3 0*	1 6*	0 9*
48.	137	6	17	2*	154	2	110	0	123	4	6	2	3 1	1 6*	0 9*
49.	139	6	17	H	156	2	111	8	125	0	6	3	3 1*	1 6*	0 9*
50.	141	8	17	8*	158	4	113	4	126	8	6	4	3 2	l 7	0 9*
51.	143	8	17	11*	160	4	115	0	128	4	6	5	3 2*	1 7*	0 9*
53.	145	10	18	2*	162	6	116	8	130	0	6	6	3 3	l 7*	0 9*
53.	147	10	18		164	6	118	4	131	8	6	7	3 3*	1 7*	0 9*
54.	150	0	18	9	166	8	120	0	133	4	6	8	3 4	1 8	0 10
55.	153	0	19	0	168	8	121	8	135	0	6	9	3 4*	1 8*	0 10*
56.	154	2	19	3*	170	10	123	4	136	8	6	10	3 5	1 8*	0 10*
57.	156	2	19	H	172	10	125	0	138	4	6	11	3 5*	1 8*	0 10*
5 8*	158	4	19	9*	175	0	126	8	140	0	7	0	3 6	1 9	0 10*
59*	160	4	20	0*	177	0	128	4	141	8	7	1	3 6*	1 9*	0 10*
60.	163	6	20	3*	179	2	130	0	143	4	7	2	3 7	1 9*	0 10*
61*	164	6	20		181	2	131	8	145	0	7	3	3 7*	1 9*	0 10*
63*	166	8	20	10	183	4	133	4	146	8	7	4	3 8	1 10	0 11
63*	168	8	21	1	185	4	135	0	148	4	7	5	3 8*	1 10*	0 11*
64*	170	10	21	4*	187	6	136	8	150	0	7	6	3 9	1 10*	0 11*
; 65.	173	10	21	7*	189	6	138	4	151	8	7	7	3 9*	1 10*	0 11*
• 66*	175	0	21	10*	191	8	140	0	153	4	7	8	3 10	1 11	0 11*
67.	177	0	22	1*	193	8	141	8	155	0	7	9	3 10*	1 11*	0 11*
, w/ • ; 68*	179	2	22	4*	195	10	143	4	156	8	7	0	3 11	1 11*	0 11*
69*	181	2	22	7*	197	10	145	0	158	4	7	11	3 11*	1 11*	0 11*
:7 0-	183	4	22	11	300	0	146	8	160	0	8	0	4 0	2 0	1 0

If, A— By thia Table, the Number of Pounds of Bread to be fold as the Price of a

and fo^ the Sack of Flour,

THE ASSIZE TABLE,

	The			The			The		The				The		The			
«3  0	Penny		Two-penny			Three-penny			Six-penny			Twelve-			Eighteen-			
£												penny			penny			
-0	Loaf.		Loaf,			Loaf,			Loaf,									
§												Loaf,			Loaf,			
K  UZ																		
<				.														
																		
d  Z	To weigh		To	weigh		To	we	igb	To	weigh		To weigh			To	weigh		No.
	0%	dr.	lb.	0*	dr.	lb.	on.	dr.	lb.	OK.	dr.	lb.	OK.	Jr.	lb.	oz.	dr.	
41.	4	2	0	8	4	0	12	7	1	8	14	a	1	12	4	10	10	41.
4 2.	4	1	0	8	2	0	12	4	1	8	8	3	1	0	4	9	9	42.
43.	4	0	0	8	0	0	12	1	1	8	2	3	0	5	4	8	8	43.
44.	3	15	0	7	15	0	11	14	1	7	13	2	15	10	4	7	7	44.
45	3	14	0	7	13	0	11	11	1	7	7	2	14	15	4	6	7	45.
46.	3	13	0	7	11	0	11	9	1	7	2	2	14	5	4	5	8	46.
47-	3	12	0	7	9	0	11	6	1	6	13	2	13	11	4	4	8	47.
49.	3	12	0	7	8	0	11	4	1	6	8	2	13	1	4	3	9	48.
49.	3	11	0	7	6	0	11	1	1	6	3	2	12	7	4	2	11	49.
50.	3	10	0	7	5	0	10	15	1	5	15	2	11	14	4	1	13	50.
51.	3	9	0	7	3	0	10	13	1	5	10	2	11	5	4	0	15	51.
52.	3	9	0	7	2	0	10	11	1	5	6	2	10	12	4	0	2	52.
53.	3	8	0	7	0	0	10	8	1	5	1	2	10	3	3	15	15	53.
54.	3	7	0	6	15	0	10	6	l	4	13	2	9	11	3	14	9	54.
55.	3	6	0	6	13	0	10	4	1	4	9	2	9	2	a	13	12	55.
56.	3	6	0	6	12	0	10	2	1	4	5	2	8	10	3	13	0	56.
57.	3	5	0	6	11	0	10	0	1	4	1	2	8	3	3	12	4	57.
58.	3	4	0	6	9	0	9	14	1	3	13	42	7	11	3	11	9	56.
59.	3	4	0	6	8	0	9	12	1	3	9	2	7	3	3	10	13	59.
60.	3	3	0	6	7	0	9	11	1	3	6	2	6	12	3	10	2	60.
61.	3	3	0	6	6	0	9	9	1	3	2	2	6	5	3	9	8	61.
62.	3	2	0	6	5	0	9	7	1	2	15	2	5	14	3	8	13	62.
63.	3	1	0	6	3	0	9	5	1	2	11	2	5	7	3	8	3	63.
64.	3	1	0	6	2	0	9	4	1	2	8	2	5	1	3	7	9	64.
65.	3	0	0	6	1	0	9	2	1	2	5	2	4	10	3	6	15	65.
66.	3	0	0	6	0	0	9	1	1	2	2	2	4	4	3	6	6	66.
67.	2	15	0	5	15	0	8	14	1	1	13	2	a	10	3	5	7	61.
68.	2	15	0	5	14	0	8	13	1	1	11	2	3	7	3	5	3	68.
69.	2	14	0	5	13	0	8	12	1	1	8	2	3	1	3	4	10	69.
70.	2	14	0	5	12	0	8	11	1	1	6	2	2	12	3-	4	2	7u.

Quarter of Wheat, including the Allowance aa above, is 434 Pounds Avoirdupois; 347 Pounds 8 Ounces.

4 76	C.116. 53<’GEO.III.	A.D.1813.

Schedule, No. 8.—TABLE of the PRICE end ASSIZE of HOUSEHOLD BREAD,

					THE PRICE TABLE.													
When the Average Price of ' WHEAT							W ben the Average Price of FLOUR											
	I* returned it				Add for Grinding, Baking, &c. 18*. per Quarter, or 8d per v Peck Loaf.	| OR	Is returned at		Add Baking, &c. 13s. 4d. per Sack.					BREAD.				
No.	per  Quarter.		I*r  Bulhel.		Total Price, and Baking,  ^Per  Quarter.	per Sack.			Total Price, and Baking, per Sack.		Price of PeckLoaf. To weigh 17lb. 6oz.		Price of Half Peck Loaf. To weigh 8 lb. lioz.		Price of Quartern Loaf. To weigh 4 lb. 5oz. 8 dr.		1 Price of 1 Half Quartern Loaf. To weigh 2 lb. 2 ox. 12 dr.	
1.	i.  38	d.  2	i.  4	d.  H	/. d. 56 2	i.  28		d.  4	/.  41	d.  8	t.  2	d. 1	s.  1	d.  0*	i.  0	d.  H	/.  O	d.  3*
2.	40	6	5	Oi	58 4	30		0	43	4	2	2	1	1	0	0*	O	3*
3.	42	8	5	4	60 8	31		8	45	0	2	3	1	1*	0	6*	O	3*
4.	44	10	5	7*	62 10	33		4	46	8	2	4	1	2	0	7	O	3*
5.	47	0-	5.10$		65 0	35		0	48	4	2	5	1	2*	0	7f	0	3*
6.	49	4	6	2	67 4	36		8	50	0	2	6	1	3	0	7*	0	3*
7-	51	6	6	5*	69 6	38		4	51	8	2	7	1	3*	0	7*	o	H
8.	53	8	6	8*	71 8	40		0	53	4	2	8	1	4	0	8	o	4
9*	56	0	7	0	74 0	41		8	55	0	2	9	1	4*	0	H	0	4*
10.	58	2	7	3*	76 2	43		4	56	8	2	10	1	5	0	8*	0	4*
11.	60	6	7	6*	78 6	45		0	58	4	2	11	1	*f	0	8*	0	4*
12.	62	8	7	10	80 8	46		8	60	0	3	0	1	6	0	9	o	4f
13.	65	0	8	if	83 0	49		4	61	8	3	1	1	6*	0	9*	0	4*
14.	67	2	8	4*	85 2	50		0	63	4	3	2	1	7	0	9*	0	4*
15.	69	6	8	8f	87 6	51		8	65	0	3	3	1	7*	0	9*	0	4*
16.	71	8	8	11*	89 8	53		4	66	8	3	4	1	8	0	10	0	5
17.	74	0	9	3	92 0	55		0	68	4	3	5	1	»*	0 10*		o	H
18-	76	2	9	6*	94 2	56		8	70	0	3	6	1	9	0 10*		0	H
19.	78	6	9	9*	96 6	58		4	71	8	3	7	1	9f	0 10*		0	H
aa	80	8	10	1	98 8	60		0	73	4	3	8	1	10	0	11	0	*f
21*	83	0	10	4*	101 0	61		8	75	0	3	9	1	10*	0	11*	0	5*
22.	65	4	10	8	103 4	63		4	76	8	a	10	1	11	0	11*	0	5*
23.	87	6	10	11*	105 6	65		0	78	4	3	11	1	11*	0	11*	0	3*
24.	89	8	11	2f	107 8	66		8	80	0	4	0	2	0	1	0	0	6
25.	92	0	11	6	110 0	68		4	81	8	4	1	2	0*	1	0*	0	6*
26.	94	2	11	9*	112 2	70		0	83	4	4	2	2	1	1	0*	0	H
?;•	96	6	12	o4	114 6	71		8	85	0	4	3	2	If	1	0*	0	H
28.	98	8	12	4	116 8	73		4	86	8	4	4	2	2	1	1	0	6*
29-	101	0	12	74	119 0	75		0	88	4	4	5	2	2f	1	1*	0	ft*
30.	103	2	12 10*		121 2	76		8	90	0	4	6	2	3	1	If	0	8*
31.	105	6	13	H	123 6	78		4	91	8	4	7	2	3f	1	1*	0	6*
32.	107	8	13	H	125 8	80		0	93	4	4	8	2	4	1	2	0	7
33.	110	0	13	9	128 0	81		8	95	0	4	9	2	4f	1	2*	0	7*
34.	112	2	14	of	130 2	83		4	96	8	4	10	2	5	1	2f	0	7*
35.	114	64	14		132 6	85		0	98	4	4	11	2	*f	1	2*	0	«l



THE ASSIZE TABLE.

No. of Affixe and Price.	The  Penny  Loaf,  To weigh		The  Two-penny  Loaf,  To weigh		The Three-penny Loaf,  To weigh			The  Six-penny  Loaf,  To weigh			The  T welve-penny  Loaf, To weigh		The  Eighteen-  penny  Loaf, 7o weigh		No.
	os.	dr.	lb. ox.	dr.	lb.	OS.	dr.	lb.	os.	dr.	lb. os.	dr.	lb.	os dr.	
1.	11	1	1 6	3	2	1	5	4	2	11	8 5	7	12	8 2	1.
9.	10	11	1 5	6	9	0	7	4	0	2	8 0	4	12	0 7	2.
3.	10, 4		1 4	9	1	15	5	3	13	12	7 n	8	11	9 5	3.
4.	9	14	1 3	13	1	13	12	3	11	9	7 7	2	11	2 11	4.
5.	9	9	1 3	2	1	12	12	3	9	8	7 a	0	10	12 8	5.
6.	9	4	1 2	8	1	11	12	3	7	9	6 15	a	10	6 12	6.
7.	8	15	1 1	14	1	10	14	3	5	12	6 11	9	10	1 6	7-
8.	8	11	1 1	6/	I	10	1	3	4	2	6 8	4	9	12 6	8.
9.	8	6	1 0	13	1	9	4	3	2	8	6 5	1	9	7 10	9.
IO.	8	2	1 0	5	1	8	8	3	1	0	6 2	l	9	3 2	10.
11.	7	15	0 15	14	1	7 43		2	15	10	5 15	5	8	14 15 *	11.
19.	7	11	0 15	7	1	7	2	2	14	5	5 12	10	8	11 0	12.
13.	7	8	0 15	0	1	6	8	2	13	1	5 10	2	8	7 3	13.
14.	7	5	0 14	10	1	5	15	2	11	14	5 7	12	8	3 10	14.
15.	7	2	0 14	4	1	5	6	2	10	12	5 5	8	8	0 4	1 i.
16.	6	15	0 13	14	1	4	13	2	9	11	5 3	6	7	13 1	16.
17	6	12	O 13	8	1	4	5	2	8	10	5 1	5	7	10 0	15.
16.	6	9	0 13	3	1	3	13	2	7	11	4 15	6	7	7 2	IS.
19.	6	7	0 12	14	1	a	6	2	6	12	4 13	9	7	4 5	17.
20*	6	5	0 12	10	1	2	15	2	5	14	4 11	13	7	1 11	20.
21.	6	2	0 12	5	1	2	8	2	5	1	4 10	2	6	15 3	21.
22.	6	0	0 12	1	1	2	2	2	4	4	4 8	8	6	12 12	27.
28.	5	14	0 11	13	1	1	11	2	3	7	4 6	15	6	10 7	25.
24.	5	12	0 11	9	1	1	6	2	2	12	4 5	8	6	8 4	24.
25.	5	10	0 11	5	1	1	0	2	2	0	4 4	1	6	6 1	25*
26.	5	8	0 11	1	1	0	10	2	1	5	4 2	11	6	4 1	23.
97.	5	7 r	o‘ 10	14	1	0	5	2	0	11	4 1	6	6	2 1	27.
26.	5	5 '	0 10	11	1	0	0	2	0	1	4 0	2	6	0 a	28.
29.	5	3	0 10	7	0	15	11	1	15	7	3 14	15	5	14 6	29*
AO*	5	2	0 10	4	0	15	7	1	14	14	3 13	12	5	12 10	30.
31.	5	0	0 10	1	0	15	2	1	14	5	3 12	10	5	10 15	31.
82.	4	15	O 9	14	0	14	14	1	13	13	3 11	11	5	9 8	32‘
33.	4	14	0 9	12	0	14	10	1	13	4	3 10	8	5	7 12	83.
34.	4	12	0 9	9	0	14	6	1	12	12	3 9	8	5	6 4	34.
35.	4	11	0 9	6	0	14	2	1	12	4	3 •	8	5	4 3	*b5.





Schedule No. 8. — TABLE of the PRICE and ASSIZE of HOUSEHOLD BREAD

T. E PkJCE TABLE.

When the Aver-age Price of FLOUR	
	Add
Is re-	Baking,
turned	Sec.
at	Ids. 4d.
	per Sack.

Wuen the Average Price of WHEAT

Is returned at

12 i-6 ^ s - * s

o O O-3

w <*

2 £ H t

■o .2 ra

<oqO» J

BREAD.

No.	per  Quarter.		per  Bulhel.		Total Price, and Baking, per Quarter.		per Sack.		Total Price, and Baking, per Sack.		Price of Peck I oaf. To weigh 17 lb.602.		Price of Half Peck Loaf. To weigh 8 lb. 11 02		| Price oi (Quartern Loaf. To weigh 4 lb. 5uz. 8 dr.	F Price of [ Half Quartern Loaf.  1 To weijh alb.  13 dr.
	/.	d	s.	J.	/.	d.	/.	d.	i.	d.	s.	d.	s.	d.	x. d.	», I
06.	116	8	14	7	134	8	86	8	100	0	5	0	2	6	1 3	0 74
37.	119	0	14 10$		137	0	88	4	101	8	5	1	2	6*	1 3$	0 74
08.	121	2	15	1$	139	2	90	0	103	4	5	2	2	7	1 34	0 7$
39.	123	6	15	5$	141	6	91	8	105	0	5	3	2	7*	1 3$	0 7$
40.	125	8	15	«*	143	8	93	4	106	8	5	4	2	8	1 4	0 8
41.	128	0	16	0	146	0	95	0	108	4	5	5	2	8$	1 4$	0 sj
42	130	2	16	H	148	2	96	8	no	0	5	6	2	9	1 44	0 b$
43.	132	4	16	64	150	4	98	4	111	8	5	7	2	9i	1 4$	0 $J
44.	134	8	16	10	152	8	100	0	113	4	5	8	2	IO	1 5	0 &4
45	136	8	17	1	154	8	101	8	115	0	5	9	2	10*	1 5$	0 H
46.	139	0	17	4*	157	0	103	4	116	8	5	10	2	11	1 5$	0
4'.	141	2	17	7$	159	2	105	0	118	4	5	11	2	n*	1 *$	0 H
48.	143	6	17	Hi	161	6	106	8	120	0	6	0	3	0	1 6	0 9
49.	145	8	18	2*	163	8	108	4	121	8	6	1	3	0*	1 6$	0 9i
50.	148	0	18	6	166	0	no	0	123	4	6	2	3	1	1 6J	0 9$
51.	150	4	18	9*	168	4	111	8	125	0	6	3	3	*4	1 6$	0 9$
52.	152	8	19	1	170	8	113	4	126	8	6	4	3	2	1 7	0 94
53.	154	8	19	4	172	8	115	0	128	4	6	5	3	24	1 7$	0 94
54.	157	0	19	74	175	0	116	8	130	0	6	6	3	3	1 74	0 9i
55.	159	2	19 10$		177	2	118	4	131	8	6	7	3	34	1 7$	0 9$
56.	161	6	20	2$	179	6	120	0	133	4	6	8	3	4	1 8	0 10
57.	163	8	20	**	181	8	121	8	135	0	6	9	3	•»4	1 8$	0 10$
58	166	0	20	9	184	0	123	4	136	8	6	10	3	5	1 84	0 10$
59.	168	4	21	0*	186	4	125	0	138	4	6	11	3	*4	1 8$	0 ioi
60.	170	8	21	4	188	8	126	8	140	0	7	0	3	6	1 9	0 10$
61.	173	0	21	74	191	0	128	4	141	8	7	1	3	64	1 9$	0 10$
62.	175	2	21	10$	193	2	130	0	143	4	7	2	3	7	1 9i	0 10$
63.	177	6	22	2$	195	6	131	8	145	0	7	3	3	74	1 9$	0 10$
64.	179	8	22	5$	197	8	133	4	146	8	7	4	3	8	1 10	0 10$
65.	182	0	22	9	200	0	135	0	148	4	7	5	3	84	1 10$	0 10$

AT. R — By this Table the Number of Pounds of Bread to be fold as the Price of a Quarter of Wleir,

THE ASSIZE TABLE.

I  i  i	The  Penny  Loaf,  Toweigh		The . Two-penny Loaf,  weigh			The  Threepenny  Loaf,  7a weigh			The  Six-penny  Loaf;  7a weigh			The  Twelve-  penny  Loaf, 7a weigh			The  Eighteen-  penny  Loaf, 7a weigh			No.
	os.	dr.	lb.	os.	dr.	1b,	OS.	dr.	lb.	os.	dr.	lb.	as.	dr.	lb.	as.	dr.	
36.	4	10	0	9	4	0	13	14	1	11	14	3	7	9	5	3	6	36
»7.	4	8	0	9	1	0	13	10	1	11	5	3	6	11	5	4	0	37
ts.	4	7	0	8	15	0	13	7	1	10	14	3	5	ia	5	0	11	38.
•0.	4	6	0	8	13	0	13	3	1	10	7	3	4	15	4	15	6	39
60.	4	5	0	8	11	0	13	0	1	10	1	3	4	4	4	14	3	40.
41.	4	4	0	8	8	0	14	13	1	9	10	3	3	5	4	14	15	4).
43.	4	4	0	8	6	0	14	10	1	9	4	3	3	8	4	11	13	44.
43.	4	a	0	8	4	0	14	7	1	8	14	3	1	13	4	10	10	43.
44	4	i	0	8	3	0	14	4	1	8	8	3	1	0	4	9	9	44.
45.	4	0	0	8	0	0	14	1	1	8	4	3	0	5	4	8	8	4 r>.
46.	3	15	0	7	15	0	11	14	1	7	13	4	15	10	4	7	7	46.
47.	3	14	0	7	13	0	11	11	1	7	7	4	14	15	4	6	7	47-
48.	3	13	0	7	11	0	11	9	1	7	4	3	14	5	4	5	8	48.
44	3	14	0	7	9	0	11	6	1	6	13	3	13	11	4	4	8	49.
50.	3	14	0	7	8	0	11	4	1	6	8	4	13	1	4	3	9	50.
51.	3	11	0	7	6	0	11	1	1	6	3	4	14	7	4	3	11	51.
U.	4	10	0	7	5	0	10	15	1	5	15	9	11	14	4	1	13	54.
54.	3	9	0	7	3	0	10	13	1	5	10	4	11	5	4	0	15	53.
54.	3	9	0	7	4	0	10	11	1	5	6	4	10	13	4	0	4	54.
55.	3	8	0	7	0	0	10	8	1	5	1	4	10	3	3	15	15	55
56.	3	7	0	6	15	o	10	6	1	4	13	3	9	11	3	14	9	56.
57.	3	6	0	6	13	0	10	4	1	4	9	3	9	3	3	13	14	57
58.	3	6	0	6	14	0	10	3	1	4	5	3	8	10	3	13	0	5 8.
59i	3	5	0	6	11	0	10	0	1	4	1	3	8	3	3	14	4	59.
4a	3	4	0	6	9	0	9	14	1	3	13	4	7	11	3	11	9	6a
61.	3	4	0	6	8	0	9	14	1	3	9	4	7	3	3	10	13	Cl.
H	3	4	0	6	7	0	9	11	1	3	6	3	6	14	3	10	4	64.
48.	4	3	0	6	6	0	9	9	1	3	4	3	6	5	3	9	8	63.
84.	3	a	0	6	5	0	9	7	1	4	15	4	5	14	3	8	13	64.
85.	8	i	0	6	3	0	9	5	1	4	11	4	5	•f	3	8	3	65.

minding the Allowance as above, is 468lbs. Avoirdupois, and for the Sack of Flour 347 lbs. 8 ox.

CAP.

C.II7.

53* GEO. IIL

A.D.1813.

No Trees to be

floated through Arches of Bridge, unlefs in Raftc,( and with a Conductor.

Penalty.

Notice of Erection or Repair •f Bridges.

cap. cxvn.

An A St to prevent Damage to certain Bridges in Scotland from the Floating of Timber.	[10th	July 1813.]

•	TT7HEREAS from the Floating of Timber upon certain River*

•	VV in Scotland, in feparate Trees, Logs or Spars, without any

•	Perfon or Perfons to conduft the fame. Damage ha* been occa-

•	honed to Bridges in Scotland while the fame are ere&ing or under

•	Repair, and it is exnedient to prevent the fame May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be eua&ed ; and be it enacted by the King’s Mott Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this Aft, no Timber, Trees, Logs, Deals or Spars fhall be floated through any Arch, or between the Piers of any Bridge begun to be ereded over any River in Scotland, nor through any Arch nor between the Piers o‘ any Bridge whatever in Scotland, between the Fifteenth Day of March and the Firft Day of November, when the fame (hall be under fucb Repair that a Timber Frame or Centering for the temporary Support of the Bridge is in Ufe, Notice thereof being given by and under the Authority and Direction of the Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Sub-ftitute of the County or Stewartry in which fuch Bridge (hall be fituated in manner hereinafter mentioned; nor fhall any Timber, Trees, Logs, Deals or Spars be fuffered to approach within One thoufand Yards of the fame, unlefs fuch Timber, Trees, Logs, Deals or Spars, fhall be fattened together as a Raft or Rafts, or, being fattened together as a Raft or Rafts, unlefs there fhall be a Perfon to manage and condud the fame; nor fhall more than One Raft at the fame time be fuffered to pafs through any Arch, or between the Piers of any fuch Bridge begun to be ereded or under Repair as aforefaid: And if any Owner or Owners of any Timber, Trees, Logs, Deals or Spars, fhall fuffer the fame to pafs through any Arch, or be-tween the Piers of any Bridge begun to be ereded in Scotland, or when fo under Repair, or to approach within One thoufand Yards of the fame, unlefs fuch Timber, Trees, Logs ,Deals or Spars, fhall be fattened together as a Raft or Rafts, or, being fattened together as a Raft or Rafts, unlefs there fhall be a Perfon to manage and con-dud the fame ; or fhall fuffer more than One Raft to pafs through any Arch, or between the Piers, of any fuch Bridge, at the fame time; every fuch Owner or Owners, befides being liable for any Damage to be occafioned by any fuch Timber, Trees, Logs, Deals or Spars, or fuch Raft or Rafts, fhall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling for each Offence ; to be recovered to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perlons fuing for the fame before any One or more of His Majefty’s Juftiees of the Peace of the County or Stewartry where the Offence fhall be committed, or where the Offender or Offenders fhall be or refide : Provided always, that previous Notice purfuant to an Order to that Effed, to be made by the Sheriff or Stewart Depute of the County or Stewartry in which fuph Bridge or any Part thereof fhall be fituated f which Order the faid Sheriff or Stewart is hereby re.

3uired to maJke upon the Application of any Perfon or Perfons un-ertaking to build or repair fuch Bridge), fhall have been given by

12	Adver-

Advertifement in fome Newfpaper of the County or Stewartry in which fuch Bridge (hail be fituated, and if no Newfpaper (hall be printed in fuch County or Stewartiy then in fome Newlpaper printed in the neared adjoining County or Stewartry, and alfo by a Written or Printed Paper affixed upon the Door of each Parifh Church of every Parifh through which the River (hall pafs, fituated above fuch Bridge, fpecifying the time during which the Eredtion or Repair of fuch Bridge will require a Timber Frame or Centering as aforefaid, during which time no Timber, Trees, Logs, Deals or Spars (hall be floated through any Arch or between the Piers of fuch Bridge, or be fuffered to approach within One thoufand Yards of the fame, unlefa fuch Timber, Trees, Logs or Spars (hall be fattened together as a Raft, and unlefs there (hall be a rerfon to manage and condudt the Dune as aforefaid.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Timber, Trees, Logs, Trees may ha Deals or Spars (hall be found floating at or retting on the Water dsuinsd until againtt any Bridge begun to be eredted over any River in Scotland\ or

when fo under Repair, or within One thoufand Yards of the fame, unlefs fuch Timber, Trees, Logs, Deals or Spars (hail be joined together in a Raft or Rafts, or, being joined together in a Raft or Rafts, unlefs there (hall be a Perfon or Perfons therewith to manage and condudl the fame ; or if more than One Raft (hall be fuffered to pafs through any Arch, or between the Piers, of any fuch Bridge at the fame time, it (hall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons concerned or employed in the building or repairing of fuch Bridge*. or any Perfon or Perfons under their Diredf ion, to feize and detain fuch Timber, Trees, Logs, Deals or Spars, or fuch Raft or Rafts, in the cafes aforefaid, until the faid Penalty (hall be paid ; for which Purpofe an Application (hall forthwith be made to fome One of His Majefty’s Juilices of the Peace for the County or Stewartry where fuch Detention (hall take place, who (hall thereupon diredf fuch Timber, Trees. Logs, Deals or Spars, to be reftored to the Owner or Owners thereof within Fourteen Days, unlefs fuch Juftice (hall deem the faid Penalty to have been incurred; and if fuch Penalty (hall not be paid within the Space of Fourteen Days after fuch Detention, it (hall be lawful for fuch Perfon or Perfons to apply to any Juftice of the Peace of the County or Stewartry where fuch Detention (hall take place, who (hall iflue his Warrant to appraife and fell fuch Timber, Trees, Logs, Deals or Spars, or fuch Raft or Rafts fo feized and detained in the cafes aforefaid, by public Au&ion at the Place where fuch Timber, Trees, Logs, Deals or Spars, or fuch Raft or Rafts, in the cafes aforefaid, (hall have been detained, rendering the Overplus of the Price, if any, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof, after deducting the faid Penalty and the reafonable Charges attending fuch Detention and Diftrefs and Sale.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall Hindering the hinder* obttrud or prevent any Perfon or Perfons from feizing or de- Pswntion. taining any fuch Timber, Trees* Logs, Deals or Spare, or any fuch

Raft or Rafts, in the cafes aforefaid, every fuch Perfon or Perfons upon being lawfully convi&ed thereof, (hall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons fuing Penalty, for the fame; to be recovered by a fummary Application to any Juftice of the Peace of the County or Stewartry where the Offence (hall be committed, or where the Offender (hall ,be or refide, and to $3 Geo. III.	I	<	be



Imprifonment.

Damages how recovered.

Double Colts.

be levied by Piftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Effefts, br Warrant under the Hand of any fuch Juftice; and if fufficient Diftrefi cannot be found, and the faid Penalty (ball sot be forthwith paid, it (hall and may be lawful for any fuch Juftice to commit the Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol, there to remain for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months* unlefs the faid Penalty with reafon-able Charges (hall be fooner paid.

IV.	And be it eoafted, That where any Damage whatever (hall he occafioncd to any Bridge whatever in Scotland by the floating or retting of Timber as aforelaid, it (hall aod may be lawful for the Procurator Fifcal for the County or Stcwaitry wherein fuch Bridge (ball he (ituated, to fue for and recover the Amount of fuch Damage, by all lawful ways and means whatsoever, to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons by whom fuch Damage (hall have been flittered, or for the Purpofe of replacing the Amount of the'Sum or Sums of Money expended in repairing fuch Damage; a*d in every cafe where Damages (hall be recovered, there (hall be awarded to fuch Procurator Fircil Double CofU of Suit or Expences of Procefe.

CAP. CXVIII.

An Aft for railing the Sum of Five millions fix hundred and feventy thoufand and feven hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen. [ioth July 1SX3.J " TREASURY empowered to raife 5,670,700b by Excbeqaer u Bills, in manner preferibed by 48 G. 3. c. i.—§ 1, 2. Treahrj “ to apply the Money raifed. J 3. Principal of (aid Bills charged “ on firft Supplies of next Semon. f 4. Intereft thereon of 3Jdper M Cent. per Diem. § 5. Said Bills to be current at the Exchequer '< after Aprils 1814. § 6. Bank of England empowered to adwnce " 5,670*7001 on Credit of Aft not with ftandiog 5 & 6 W 3c M. u c. 20, —- § 7.

CAP. CXIX.

An Aft for railing the Sum of One Million by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen.	[ioth	July 1813.]

il TREASURY empowered to raife i,ooo,oool. by Exchequer u Bills, in manner preferibed by 48 G. 3. c. 1. —f 1, 2. Treafury to “ upply the Money raifed. § 3. Principal of faid Bills charged on fiffl “ Supplies of next Seflion. § 4. Intereft thereon of 3$d. per Cent i€ per Diem. j 5. Said Bills to be current at the Exchequer after “ Aprils 1814. § 6. Bank of England empowered to advance << i,oop,oool. on Credit of Aft, notwithftanding 5 St 6 W. & M. c.*o. — #7.





AJD. 1813.

33° GEO. Hi

483

CAP. CXX.

An Aft to enable the Lords of the Treafury of Ireland to iflu* to the Commiflioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt, a Sum equal to One per Centum on the Amount of Treafury Bills outftanding in every Year.	fioth	July	1813.]

•	TT J HE REAS it is expedient to make further Provifion fot

* W the Reduftion of the National Debt of Ireland, in Pronor*

*	tion to the Amount of Treafury Bills outftanding and unpaid on

•	the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen,

4 and on the Fifth Day of January in every fucceeding Year ;5 Be it therefore ennfted by the King’s Moft Exeellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lord# Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affemhled, and by the Au*

thority of the fame. That at the End of every Quarter of a Year a Sum equal to ending on the Twenty ninth Day of September* theTweuty fifth Day One per Cent, of December, the Twenty fifth Day of March and the Twenty fourth Amount of Day of June* tfter the paffing of this Aft, there (hall be ifTued to Tr the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, at the Receipt	R^duc-

of His Majefty’s Exchequer of Ireland, out of the Confolidated {ion of National Fund of Ireland, over and above all fuch Sum and Sums of Money Debt of Ireland: as by any Aft or Afts made before he paffing of this Aft have been 57 G- 3» (L) „ direfted to be iflued and placed to the Account of the Commiflioners c‘a7* for the Reduftion of the National Debt of Ireland, under an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thiity fieventh Year of His prefent Majefty’a Reign, intituled An A El for ve/ling a certain Fuad in Comm'ijfoners at the End of every Quarter of a Tear, to be by them applied to the Redu3ion of the National Debt, and to dircQ the Application of additional Funds in cafe of Future Loans to the like Pur* poft, an additional Sum of Money to be placed by the faid Governor ajnd Company of the Bank of Ireland to the Account of the faid Commiflioners for Reduftion of the National Debt, the Anoual Amount whereof (hall be equal to One hundredth Part of the Amount of fuch Treafury Bills as (hall be outftanding and unpaid or. the Fifth Day of January in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and on the Fifth Day of January in every fucceeding Year; and fuch additional Sum (hall be placed in the Name of the faid Com* nouflioners to the Account of this Aft, as if the fame had been iflued on Account of a feparate new Loan, and (hall be applied by the foid Commiflioners in the Redu6tion of the faid National Debt of Ireland> in fuch and the like manner as is direfted by the faid recited Aft of the Thirty feventh Year aforefaid, with refpeft to any Sum pjr Sums to be placed in their Names under and by virtue of the faid recited Aft to the Account of any new Loan.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That, after the pafling of this Aft, Quarters and before the Twenty ninth Day of September One thoufand eight Amouatof fuch hundred and thirteen, there (hall be ifTued and paid to the Governor $uro applied be* and Company of the Bank of Ireland, at the Receipt of the faid fore Sept. 29, Exchequer of Ireland, out of the Confolidated Fund of Ireland, to 1813* be by the faid Governor and Company placed to the Account of the faid Commiflioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt of Ireland, fcch Sum of Money M (hall be equal to Two Quarters of the Annual Amount afbrefcid, upon fuch Treafury Bills as were :out-

Ii a

(landing



C. 120, 121.

Appointment of Commiffioners.

3.e.lxilr.

53* GEO. III. ♦	A.D.1813.

ftanding and unpaid on the (aid Fifth Day of January One thoufaod eight hundred and thirteen, and fuch Sum fhall be applied by the (aid Commiffioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in like manurr as is hereinbefore direded with refped to any other Sum to be placed to their Account under and by virtue of this Ad.

CAP. CXXI.

An AGt for making a more convenient Communication from Mary le bone Park and the Northern Parts of the Metropolis, in the Parifh of Saint Mary le boney to Charing Croft within the Liberty of Wejlnunjler ; and for making a more convenient Sewage for the fame.	[10th July 1813.]

4 TT7HEREAS it would be of great Accommodation to the 4 W Public, and be the means of opening a more eafy and ready 4 Communication from Mary le bone Park and from the Northern Parts 4 of the Metropolis, in the Pari/h of Saint Mary le boney to Cbarif 4 Croft within the Liberty of IVeJlminfter, if a new Street were opened 4 and made from a certain Spot in Pall Mall at or near Scant Al-4 ban's Street, to the South End of Mary le bone Park, in the dud 4 Parifh of Saint Mary le bone, to run at right Angles with Pell 4 Mall into Piccadilly, and from thence in a Northerly Direction to

*	the South End of Mary le bone Park aforefaid ; and if Pronfioss € were made for widening the Eafl End of Pall Mall9 and for coo-

*	tinuing the fame Eaftward by a new Street into Saint Marta's 4 Lane terminating at the Portico of Saint Martin't Church ; and ‘ for widening Cockfpur Street from the South End of the Haymarktt

*	to Charing Croft ; and for forming an open Square in the Kiafs 4 Mews oppofite Charing Croft ; and for continuing Charles Stmt 4 Saint James's Square, from the Eaft End thereof, into the Haynm•

*	bet; and alfo for diverting, altering, widening and improving foch 4 Parts of the prefent Streets as will form Entrances into foch new 4 Streets, or into the Streets, Squares and Places conne&ed there-

*	with 5 all which feveral Streets and Places, fo to be made, altered, 4 diverted or improved, are or will be fituate in the feveral Panfhei

*	of Saint James 1Veflminfter9 Saint Martin's in the Fields, Saint 4 Mary le bone and Saint George Hanover Square, in the County of 4 Miadlefex : But as fuch Improvements cannot be effeded without

*	the Aid and Authority of Parliament May it therefore pleafr Your Majefly that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s Mod Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Con* fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Commiffioners for the time being of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, fhall be and they are hereby appointed Commiffioners for carring the Purpofes of this Ad into Execution; and all Ads, Matters and Things, authorized or neceflary to be dooe and executed by the faid Commiffioners in purfuance of this A ft, may be done ana executed by any Two of them, and the fame fhall be as valid and effedual, and fhall have the fame force and efied u if fuch Ads, Matters and Things, had been done and executed by all the faid Commiffioners.

4 II. And whereas by an Ad palled in the Thirty ninth Year of

*	the Reignof His prefent Majefly, intituled An AS for mating a

4 turn

 v^ooQie

C.I2I.

4*5

A.D. 1813.	*	53#GEO.	UL

4 new Street from the Haymarket into Charles Street, Saint James’s

*	Square within the City and Liberty of Weft min fler, certain Powers 4 and Authorities were given to Wilitam Taylort his Heirs and Affigns,

*	for making a new Street from the Haymarket in the City of Weft*

4 minjlert into Charles Street and Saint James's Square, commencing

*	on the North Side of fuch new intended Street, at a certain Public

*	Houfe known by the Name of the Sign of The Rofe and Crown,

4 in the faid Street called The Haymarket, then in the Occupation of 4 Richard Pember, to be carried in as direct a Linens conveniently 4 might be to the faid Street called Charles Street Saint James's 4 Square, to a Houfe or Tenement in a certain Street called Market 4 Lane, then in the Occupation of William Blit on t and of the Breadth 4 of Fifty five Feet, for the Purpofe of making an eafy and coramo-

*	diou8 Accefs to the Theatre called The Kind's Theatre: And

*	whereas all the Powers and Authorities which were given to or

*	vetted in the laid William Taylor by the faid Ad have devolved

*	upon aud are now become vetted in the Lords Commifiioners

*	of His Majefty’s Treafury, by v$ue of a Provifo contained in the 4 faid A d : And whereas certain of the Streets, Squares and Places

*	to be made, altered and improved by virtue of this Ad, are to be

*	fet out on the Scite of the feveral Premifes fo deferibed in the faid 4 recited Ad, or on fome Part or Parts thereofBe it therefore enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Com- JvJJ miffioner8 for executing this Ad, to carry the feveral Purpofes of miffioncrs iftinj this Ad into Execution in fuch and the like manner in all refpeds under AA.

as if the feveral Powers, Authorities and Provifions in refped to the faid feveral Premifes fo deferibed in the faid recited Ad had been repealed.

4 III. And whereas a Map or Plan deferibing the Lines of

* the Streets, Squares, Circunes, Ways, Paffages and Places, aud

* the Land and Premifes through which the propofed Alterations 4 and Improvements are to be made or carried by virtue of this Ad,

4 together with a Book of Reference containing a Lift of the Names 4 of the Owners and Occupiers of fuch Lanas and Premifes, have 4 been made for the Purpofe of being depofited at the Office of the

*	Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Re-

4 venues 5’ Be it therefore enaded, That the faid Map or Plan and Streets,&c made

Book of Reference, after the fame (hall have been authenticated by according to

the Signature of the Right Honourable the Speaker of the Houle ^1’ V Pn2s*e"

of Commons, (hall be depofited with, and (hall remain in the Cuftody Commiffion-

of the faid Commifiioners of His Maiefty’s Woods, Forefts and ers of Woods,

Land Revenues, and One Copy thereof figned by the Speaker of Forefts, &c.

t he Houfe of Commons, (hall be depofited in the Parliament Office,

and One other Copy fo figned (hall be depofited with the Clerk of

the Peace of the County of Middlefe:c, within Three Months

from the paffing of this Ad, to the end that all Perfons may at

all feafonable times have Liberty to infped and perufe the fame,

and to take Ext rads or Copies thereof at their Will and Pleafure,

paying the Sum of One Shilling for every fuch Infpedion, and at

the Rate of Six pence for every One hundred Words of fuch Copies p**,.

or Extrads of the (aid Map or Plan and Book of Reference; and

that the faid Commifiioners for executing this Ad, in making the faid

Alterations and Improvements, (hall not deviate between Piccadilly

and Oxford Street more than Twenty Yards, nor in any other Place

I i 3	more

4*6

C.iai

No Deviation unlefs with Confent.

Lands and Pre-mifes marked in Plan, ufed, not-withftanding Errors in Book of Reference,

Appointment «f Officers.

Security.

Proceedings entered in Books.

Commiffioners ’ empowered to make Streets, «Vc. and to (lop up Ways,&c. wliilll lame are making.

$3* GEO. HL *	A*D.itf3.

more than Ten Yards, of Three Feet each/from the Line* deferred in the faid Map or Plan, without the Confent and Approbation ia Writing of the Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, through whofe Lands or Premifes fuch Deviation (haH be made.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That it (hall not be lawful for the faid Commiffioners to make any fuch Deviation in any cafe in which any Agreement in relation to the Line of the faid Street (hall have been made by or on Behalf of the faid Commif. fioners, with any Perfon or Perfons interefled in any Houfes or Premifes within tne Limits of the faid Map or Plan, unlefs with the Confent in Writing of fuch Perfon or Perfons.

V.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That it QaB be lawful for the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad, to make the faid propofed Alterations and Improvements into, through, acrofs or over the feveral Lands, Hereditaments or Preroiies of mlr Perfon or Perfons who is or ere or may be Owner or Owners of the Land, or Premifes over which the fame is or are fet out and described in the faid Map or Plan as aforefaid, although the Name or Names of fuch Perfon or Perfons may happen to be omitted or miftated in the faid Book of Reference, in cafe it (hall appear to any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the (aid County of Mid-dlefcKy and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that fuch Error or Omiflion proceeded from Miftake.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Commiffioners for' executing this Adi (hall and may, and they are hereby empowered from time to time to appoint a Secretary, Clerk or Oerka, and atfs fuch Officers and other Perfons as they (hall deem neceflary to employ in the Execution of this A&, and may from time to time remove fuch Secretary, Clerks, Officers and otner Perfons, or any of them, and appoint others in their Stead; and alfo (hall and may, out of the Monies to be raifed by virtue of this A&> allow to fuch Secretary, Clerks and other Officers, and fuch other Perfon and Perfons as (hall be affifting in or about the Execution of this A6t, fuch Salaries or Allowances as to them the faid Commiffioners (hall feem meet: Provided always, that the faid Commiffioners (hall and may take fuch Security from any Officer or other Perfon to be appointed by virtue of this Ad, for the due and faithful Execution of his Office, as they the (aid Commiffioners (hall think fit.

VII.	And be it further enadted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the faid Commiffioners for executing this Adi (hall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that r urpofe 5 and fuch Orders and Proceedings fo entered, and figned by the faid Commiffioners, (hall be deemed to be Originals; and which faid Book or Books (hall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

V.III. And be it further enadted. That it (hall be lawful for the (aid Commiffioners for executing this Adi, and they are hereby autbo* riaed and empowered, by and with the Confent and Approbation in Writing of the Lord High Treafurer of Great Britain, or of the Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treaforcr.or any Three or more of them, to caufe the faid Streets, Squares, Cir* cufTes, Ways, Pafiages and Places to be made, widened, altered, Hopped up, repaired, paved and improved, into, through, acroft or PW the feveral Lands and Prcmifei described i* fnch

 vjOOQie

Cm.

4*7

A.D.1S13.	53b	GIO. IIL

Plan and Book of Reference^ and in conformity to the Line* de* feribed in fuch Map or Plan, and to fuch Deviation therefrom as herein mentioned; and for fuch Purpofes, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners ading in the Execution of this Ad, and for their Surveyor or Surveyors, Officers or Workmen, with or without Carriages and Cattle, from time to time, to enter upon the Land* and Premiles through which or whereupon the (aid Streets, Squares,

Circuffes, Ways, Paffages and Places, Alterations or Improvement! hereby authorized to be made, is or are intended to pafs or be made, in fuch manner as the faid Commiffioners ading in tne Execution of this Ad (hall think necefTary or proper, without being deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers, and without being fubjed or liable to any Fine, Penalty or Punifhment, for entering or continuing upon any Part or Parts of fuch Lands and Premifes, for the Damages that (hall be thereby occafioned; and the faid Commiffioners ading hi the Execution of this Ad (hall and they are hereby authorized and empowered, during the making of the faid Alterations or Improvements, to flop up all or any Part of the Carriage Ways of the faid Streets and other Places, and for that Purpofe to put up fufficient Palifadoes, Bars, Pods or other Eredions, and to make fuch Orders regulating the PafTage of all Carts, Carriages and Horfes through the fame, as to them the faid Commiffioners*fhall feem fit and proper\ and that the foie Power and Authority of paving, repairing, clean-fing, lighting and watching all the Streets, new Ways and Places which (hall be made, or which (hall be in any manner altered by virtue of this Ad, (hall, when the fame (hall be fo made or altered, be veiled in, and fuch Streets, Ways or Paffages, for all the Purpofes of paving, repairing, cleanfing, lighting and watching the fame,

(hall be, remain and continue under the Care, Management and Controul and Jurifdidion of the fame Commiffioners, Troftees or other Perfons, as the Streets, Ways or Places, in lieu of which fuch new Streets, Ways or Places (hall be made or altered refpedively, now are or would have been if this prefent Ad had not been paffed.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no Street, Stopping up of not defigned by this Plan to be ultimately (lopped up, (hall be at any Street*, time wholly Hopped up, but that fufficient Room (hall be at all times '

left for the free Paffage of Carts, Carriages, Cattle and Foot Paffengers.

X.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the Authority afore- Opening* into faid, That among other Openings into the faid intended New Street new Street there (hall be a public Carriage Way of at lead Forty Feet wide,

opening into the fame, from the lower Part or Mary le bone Street, nearly oppofite to Sberrard Street, and an open Court or Footway on the Ground Floor, of at lead Ten Feet wide each, communicating from the circular Part of the fame Street to Vine Street, and which Court may be covered by Buildings to the Depth .of Twenty Feet from the Front thereof; and that fuch Carriage Way, Open Court or Footway* (hall for ever after, remain and continue open for the Ufe of the Public 5 any thing hereinbefore or in the faid Map or Plan contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-ftanding.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That nothing herein contained Private Mowfe* (hall extend or be condrued to extend to authorize the faid Com*- IStable miffioners in any manner to Hop up the prefent Carriage Entrance ftoa *dn°^t0 “

1 i 4	into	pp^	^

488

C. 12 r<

Air Street not flopped up.

Encroachments upon King Street Chapel

Commiffioners empowered to purchafe Lands and Buildings, Icc.

Time for pur-chafing Houfesi Ice. limited.

5 GEO. HI.	A.D.	1*13.

into a certain Mews or Yard on the Weft Side of Swallow Street running to the Backs of the Houfes on the North Side of New Burlington Street, called Old Burlington Mews or Crown Yard. or a certain other Mews or Yard in the fame Street running to tt\e Back* of Houfes on the South Side of New Burlington Street aforefaid, called New Burlington Mewt, otherwife Pavion Arms Yard g but the faid feveral Carriage Entrances and Avenues (hall be allowed to remain, in all refpeds whatfoever, as convenient to the Owners, Leafeholders and Occupiers of the fame as they now are.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That nothing herein or in the faid Plan or Book of Reference contained, (hall extend or be construed in any manner to extend to authorize the faid Commiflioners to (lop up Air Street at either End.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to enable the faid Commiflioners for executing this Ad to pull down, take or ufe for the Purpofes of this Ad, any Part of the Chapel (ituate in King Street, near Golden Square in the faid Parifh of Saint James, or the Veftry Room, Scluxn Room, or paved Paflage leading out of Chapel Court thereto, on the Weft Front thereof; but that the fame and every Part thereof (hall remain for the Purpofes to which they are now applied ; and alfo, that a Piece of Ground (hall be left 00 the North Side of the faid School Room Seven Feet broad, for the Purpofe of a Yard to the fame, the faid Piece of Ground fo left to be of the fame Length from Eaft to Weft as the School Room now is ; and that the faid Commiflioners (hall make good all Damage whatfoever that (hall or may be done to the faid Chapel, Veftry Room, and other the Eredions and Buildings belonging to the faid Chapel; and that no Houfes or other Eredions or Buildings (hall be ereded and built adjacent to the faid Chapel, which (hall in any manner obftrud or darken any of the ancient Lights thereof.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That, for the Purpofe of making, widening, improving and rendering more commodious the faid Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Paflages and Places, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners ading in the Execution of this Ad, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, when they (hall deem it necef-fary, by and with the Confent and Approbation in Writing of the faid Lord High Treafurer or of the faid Commiflioners for executing the faid’Office of Lord High Treafurer, or any Three or more of them, to treat and agree for the Purchafe of any of the Houfes, Buildings, Eredions, Ground, Tenements and Hereditaments dc-feribed or comprifed in the faid Map or Plan, and Book of Reference, or in fuch Deviation as hereinbefore mentioned, and of any fubfifting Leafes, Terms, Eftates and Interefts therein, which the faid Com-miffioner8 for executing this Ad may, by and with fuch Confent and Approbation as aforefaid, deem neceflary or expedient to be purchased for the Purpofes of this Ad ; Provided always, that the laid Commiflioners (hail not be compelled to purchafe the whole of the Space coloured on the faid Plan, as being within the Powers of Purchafe limited by this Ad.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiffioners (hall and they are hereby required, within the Space of Three Years from the palling of this Ad, to caufe Notices in Writing under their Hands, or the Hands of any Twp of them for the time being, to be

given

'N

 C^ooQle

given to the Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Corporations, Truftees or any other Perfon or Perfons interefted in all fuch of the Houfes, Buildings, Ere&ions, Ground, Tenements and Hereditaments de* feribed or coniprifed in the faid Map or Plan, and Book of Reference, or in the Deviation hereinbefore mentioned, as (hall be wanted or required for the Purpofes of this A&, of their Intention to purchafe the fame, and all fubfifting Leafes, Terms, Eftates and Interefts therein ; and the faid Commimoners (hall and they are hereby required, within the Space of Four Years from the Expiration of the time fo allowed for giving fuch Notices, to purchafe or caufe to be valued, as hereinafter mentioned, all and every fuch Houfes, Buildings, Ere&ions, Ground, Tenements and Hereditaments mentioned or defcribed in fuch Notices refpedively, and pay the Confideration Money, or Money awarded for the lame refpedively, in manner directed by this A&.

XVII And be it further ena&ed, That no Occupier of any Houfe, Building, Tenement or Ground, (hall be liable to be removed from the Pofleflion thereof, by virtue of this Ad, or any thing herein contained, until the Expiration of Six Calendar Months after Notice in Writing (hall have been given by the faid Commiflioners for executing this Act, or fome Perfon by them for that Purpofe authorised, unto fuch Occupier, or left at or upon the faid Premifes, that fuch Houfe, Building, Tenement or Ground will be wanted for the Purpofes of this Ad; provided neverthelefs, that the Want of fuch Notice (hall not delay or retard the Execution of this Act in any relped, fave only as to the taking or obtaining the a&ual Pofleflion of any fuch Houfe, Building or Land, and the Removal of the Occupiers or Inhabitants thereof from or out of the fame.

* XVII. And whereas it would be a further Accommodation to

*	the Public, and a confiderable Improvement, if the lower Part of

*	Swallow Street were widened, and if a new Street were formed, ex-

*	tending from the faid intended new Street into Great Marlborough

*	Street ;* Be it therefore enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby empowered, when and fo foon as they (hall think it expedient fo to do, to alter, widen and improve the faid Street called Swallow Street, from Piccadilly to Leicejler Street, and to form a new Street from the faid intended new Street to Great Marlborough Street; and for thofe Pur-pofes the faid Commiflioners are hereby invefted with all and every the fame Powers and Authorities, to all Intents and Purpofes, as are given and granted to them by this Ad for diverting, widening, altering and improving other Streets and Places ; any thing hereinbefore or in the faid Map or Plan and Book of Reference contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding: Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall extend or bd conftrued in any manner to extend to authorife the faid Commiflioners to take or u(e all or any Part of the Houfes, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fltuate in George Court, adjacent to Swallow Street aforefaid.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enatied, That nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued in any manner to authorize the faid Commiflioners, or any Perfon or Perions by their Order, to take or ufe all or any Part of the Garden of Sarah Markham, Widow, (ituate at the Corner of Mortimer Street and Edward Street,

during

Occupiers not removed without Six Months Notice.

Coram i (Boners &c. empowered to alter, Swallow Street from Piccadilly to Leicelter Street.

Provifofor George Court, Swallow Street*

Provtfo for Mrs. Markham's Gardes during her Life.

 v^,ooQle

49<»

Provifo for Weft End of Jermyn Street.

Bodies Politic empowered to treat for Sale end Exchange.

C. 121%	53°GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

during the Life of the faid Sarah Markham, without her Confentin Writing previoufly obtained.

• XIX. And whereas it would be a confiderable Improvement if 1 Jermyn Street t in the Parifh of Saint James Weftminjtery fhould be « widened at the Weft End thereof, which, from its prefent narrow € and confined State is extremely inconvenient and dangerous to Pif-€ fengers, and an Improvement of the faid Street at the Eaft End

*	thereof is defignated by the Plan herein referred to : And whereas

*	it would be a confiderable Improvement if the PafTage leading from

*	King Street to Saint James's Street, known by the Name of Little

*	Kinv Street, fhould alfo be widened $* Be it therefore enacted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Commiflionera, and they ait hereby exprefsly authorized, when and fo foon as they (hall find it expedient, to alter, widen and improve the faid Streets at the Weft End thereof, and for that Purpofe they are hereby inverted with all and every the fame Powers and Authorities, to all Intents and Pur-pofes, as are given and granted to them by this A61, for diverting, widening, altering and improving other Streets and Places.

XX. And be it further enaftea, That it (hall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or for Years,ror in Tail, Hufbands, Guardians, Feoffees in Truft, Committees, Executors and Adminiftrators, and all other Truftees or Perfons whomfoever, not only for and on Behalf of themfelves, their Heirs and Succeffors, but alfo for and on Behalf of their Ctjluique Trulls, whether Infants, Iffue unborn, or Lunatics, Ideots, Femes Covert, or other Perfon or Perfons, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or (hall be feifed or poffeffed or interefted in their own Right, and for every other Perfon or Perfons whomfoerer, who are or (hall be feifed or poffeffed of or interefted in any fuch Houfes, Ereftions, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as aforefaid, to contraft and agree for the Sale or Exchange of the feme and every Part thereof 5 and all fuch Contrafts and Agreements (hill be valid and effeftual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatfo-ever; any Law, Statute, Ufageor Cuftom to the contrarynotwitb-(landing; and all Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, and all Perfons whomfoever, fo contracting and agreeing as aforefaid, are hereby in-demnified for or in refpeft of any luch Contraft or Agreement which he, (he or they, or any of them, (hall refpeftively make by virtue or in purfuance of this A6t; and all fuch Contrafts or Agreements for fuch Sales and Exchanges (hall be made at the Cofts and Expence of the faid Commiflioners for executing this A6t; and aD fuch Houfes, Ere6tions, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which (hall be fo agreed to he purchafed or exchanged as aforefaid, (hall, when fo purchafed or exchanged, or agreed to oe purchafed or exchanged, and upon Tender or Payment, in manner hereinafter di-refted, of the Sum or Sums of Money agreed to be paid for the fame, be vefted in His Majefly, hia Heirs and Succeffors, who (hall thenceforth be deemed in Law to be in the aftual Seifin and Poffeffion thereof to all Intents and Purpofe* whatsoever, freed and difeha/ged from all former and other Eftates, Rights, Titles, Interefts, Claims and Demands whatsoever; and the fame fhall be employed and made ufe of for the Puipofes of this Aft, according to the Direftions of the Commiflioners for executing this Aft, and under the Regulations fas this Aft mentioned and contained*

XXL PrO-





C. 121

AiDi 1813.

53° GEO. IH.

49*

XXI.	Provided always and be it enaded, That it (hall and may Comraiffionar* be lawful for the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad, from mj7 co"tra^ for time to time, to dired or contrad for the taking down any Houfes H0„f|s <yj_ or Buildings to be purchafed or made ufe of for the Purpofes of this jng Materials. Ad; and all fuch Materials, and the Money arifing from the Sale thereof, (hall be and are hereby veiled in the faid Cotnmiflioners for executing this Ad 5 and all fuch Money (after paying and dedud-ing the neceflary Expences of pulling down fuch Houles and Buildings, and of the Sale of the Materials thereof) (hall and may be applied and difpofed of, under the Diredion of the faid Commiffioners, for any of the Purpofes of this Ad.

XXII* And be it further enaded. That if any Owners, Proprie- How Damages tors, Occupiers, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Eccfefiafti- afleffed in cafe cal or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Truftees, Femes Co- ^e^a8ree* vert, or any other Perfon or Perfons intereftcd in any Houfes, men *' Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad are hereby empowered to pur-chafe, take and ufe for the Purpofes of this Ad, (hall negled or gefufe to treat, or (hall not agree in the Premifes, or by reafon of Abfence or Difability (hall be prevented from treating with the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad, or with the Perfon or Perfons authorifed by them for the Sale and Difpofal of their refpedive Eftates and Interefts therein, or cannot be found or known, or (hall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premifes they may be in the Pofleffion of, or to the Interell they (hall claim therein, to the Satisfadion of the faid Commifffioners, or of the Perfon or Perfons authorized by them, then and in every or any fuch cafe the Sheriff of the faid County of Middlefex or his Under Sheriff, or the High Bailiff of the City and Liberty of Wejlminfter9 or his Deputy, as the cafe may be; or in cafe luch Sheriff or Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, or his Deputy, (hall be any ways interefted in the Matter in Queftion, then feme One of the Coroners of the faid County, not interefted therein, (hall, upon the Warrant of the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad in manner hereinafter mentioned, and he and they is and are hereby required and authorized to caufe it to be inquired into and afcertained upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve Jury, indifferent Men of the faid County of Middlefex or City of Wcjl-mtnjler (which Oaths the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff or Deputy, or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered and required to adminifter), what Damages will be fuftained by and what Recom-pence and Satisfadion (hall be made to fuch Owners, Occupiers or other Perfon or Perfons interefted, for the Value of fuch Houfes*

Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and of the propoiv tionable Value of the refpedive Eftates and Interefts of every Perfon or Perfons feized or poffefTed thereof or interefted therein, or of or in any Part thereof; and (hall affefs and award the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons, Party or Parties refpec-tively, for the Purchafe of fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and of fuch refpedive Eftates and Interefts therein, and alfo for Good-will, Improvements, or any Injury or

or Tenant from Yew to Year, provided fuch Good-will (hall be efti- Good-will how mated by what, in the Opinion of fooh Jury, the feme would have efthnate4*

been



d by 

492	C.I2I.	53°GEO. III.	A.D. 1813.

WitnefTet

•xaroining.

Sheriff, &c. to order Sum af-feffed by Jury to be paid.

Warrant for fummoning, &c. Jury.

Notice of time and Place of Jury returned.

been worth in cafe the Improvements intended by this A€t had not been in Contemplation ; and alfo for or on account of the taking of fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments for the Purpofes or under and by virtue of the Authority of this A€t; and in order thereto the laid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered and required, from time to time as Occafion (hall require, to fummon ana call before the faid Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Perfon or Per-fons whomfoever who (hall be thought neceffary and proper to be examined as Witnefs or Witneffes touching or concerning the Premifes (which Oath the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered to adminifter); and fucn Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner refpedfcively, (hall order and caufe the faid Jury to view the Places in queftion if there be Occafion, and ufe all other lawful ways and means, as well for his and their own as for the faid Jury’s better Information in the Premifes, as the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner (hall think fit; and after the faid Jury (hall have inquired of, afcertained and fettled fuch Damage, Recompence and Satisfaction, the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner (hall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money fo affeffed by the faid Jury to be paid by the faid Commiffioners for executing this A6t, to the faid Owners or Occupiers of or other Perfons interefied therein, according to fuch Verdi£t or Inquifitiou of the faid Jury; which faid Verdi& or Inquifition and Order, fo had and made, (hall be final, binding and conclufive, to all Intents and Purpofes, upon and againff all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecdefiaftical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Parties and Perfons whomfoever; ana for the fummoning and returning of fuch Jury or Juries, the faid Commiffioners for executing this A& are hereby empowered to iffue their Warrant or Warrants to the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, to fummon, impannel and return, at fome convenient Place in the faid County of Middlefett or City of 1VeJlminfter> as the cafe may be, a Jury of not lefs than Thirty fix nor more than Forty eight honeft and indifferent Men, qualified according to Law, to be returned for Trials of Iffues in His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVeJJminfter, to appear before the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, at fuch Time and Place as in fuch Warrant (hall be appointed, and Fourteen Days Notice at the leaff in Writing, under the Hands of the faid Commiffioners for executing this A&, or under the Hand of their Agent duly appointed, of the Time and Place at which fuch Jury are fo required to be returned, (hall be given to fuch- Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Corporations, Truilees, or any other Perfon or Perfons interefted in the Premifes, Wore the time of the Meeting of the faid Jury, by leaving fuch Notice at the Dwelling Houfe of fuch Perfon or Perfons, or of the Head Officer of fuch Body or Bodies Politic, Coiporate or Collegiate, or with fome Tenant or Occupier of the Premiles refpe&ively intended to be valued; and the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner is and are hereby empowered to impannel, fummon and return fuch Number accordingly ; and out of the Perfons fo iippannelled, fummoned and returned, or out of fuch of them as (hall appear upon fuch Summons, the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner

(hall



C.I2I.

493

A.D.i8i3-

53° GEO. III.

(hall fwear or caufe to be fwom Twelve, who (hall be the Jury for lory, or de Cir. the Purpofes aforefaid; and in Default of a fufficient Number of cumftantibus. Jurymen, the faid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner (hall return other honelt and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be fpeedily procured to attend that Service (being qualified as lad aforefaid) to the Number of Twelve ; and it (hall be lawful for all Perfons concerned, by themfelves, their Counfel, Solicitors and Agents, to attend and be heard, and to adduce Evidence before the laid Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner refpe&ively ; and fuch Perfons (hall alfo have their lawful Challenges againff any of the faid Jurymen when they come to be fwom, but (hall not challenge the Array.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded, That no Jury to be fummoned Particular* cf by virtue of this Ad (hall be allowed to affefa or award any Sum or Compenfation Sums of Money to any Perfon or Perfons by way of Compenfation, claimed for Lofa for Good-will or Improvements, alleged to have been loft, or any In- JveretTt^C r jury or Damage alleged to have been fuftained by him or them by mifliouer*. reafon or means of this Ad, or any thing which (hall or may be

done in the Execution hereof, unlefs Notice in Writing, ftating the Particulars of every fuch Claim, and how and in what manner the Amount thereof is made out and computed, (hall have been given by or on behalf of fuch Perfon or Perfons to the faid Commiffioners for executing this A6t, or to their Secretary, within Three Calendar Months next after fuch fuppofed Lofs (hall have been incurred, or fuch fuppofed Damage or Injury (hall have been occaiioned or fuf-taioed, and Ten Days at leaft before the time of the Meeting of fuch Jury.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, That if the Sheriff, Under Sheriff not rt-Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, fo direded to fummon and turning, mum a Jury as aforefaid, (hall make Default in the Premifes, he

(hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Penalty.

Ten Pounds ; and if any Perfon fo fummoned and returned as aforefaid upon fuch Jury, (hall not appear, or, appearing, (hall refufe to Jury not appear-he (worn or to give his Verdict, or (hall in any other manner wilfully ing, ftc. negled his Duty, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad; or if any Perfon fo fummoned as a Witnefs (hall not appear, or, appearing, (hall refufe to be examined or to give Evidence, any Perfon fo offending, having no reafonable Excufe to be allowed by the Juftices hereinafter mentioned, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit aod pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, which feveral and Penalty, refpedive Penalties (hall and may be levied by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One of H	*s Juftices of

the Peace for the County of MiddUfcx or	TeRminJler,	by

Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon fo offending; rendering to him or her the Overplus, after fucb Penalty, and the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, (hall be deduded.

XXV. And be it further enaded, That in cafe any July, to be Expencesof fummoned and fworn purfuant to the Authority of this Ad, (hall Junes how paid, give in a Verdid or Affeffment for more Money, as a Recompence,

Compenfation or Satisfadion for the Right, Intereft or Property of

Compenlauon or Satisfadion for the Right, Interelt or Property of any Perfon or Perfons in any fuch Houles, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or for any fuch Good-will, Improvements,

menu or Hereditaments, or for any fuch Good-will, Improvements, Injury or Damage as aforefaid, than (hall have been agreed to be giveu and offered for the fame by the faid Commiffioners for execut-

Injury or Damage as aforefaid, than (hall have been agreed to be giveu and offered for the fame by the faid Commiffioners for execut-

ion or Perfons in any fuch Houles, Buildings,

ing



Goo<

C. I2X.

494

53* GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

ing this A&, before the fummoning and returning of fuch Jury, thro and in every fuch cafe all the reasonable Cofts, Charges and Ex-pences of caufing and procuring fuch Recompence, Compenfation or Satisfa&ion, to be affeffed by a Jury, (hall be fettled by the Sheriff, Under Sheriff, High Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner before whom fuch Claim (hall have been tried, and (hall be paid by the faid CommiiEou-ers out of the Monies which (hall arife by virtue of this A A; but if any Jury fo fummoned and fwora as aforefaid, (hall give in a Verdkl or Affeffment for no more or for lefs Money, as fuch Recompence, Compenfation and Satisfa&ion as aforefaid, than (hall have been agreed to and offered by the faid Coratniftioners for the fame, before the fum* moning and returning of the faid Jury ; or iu cafe no Damages (hall be given by the Verdift, where the Difpute is for Damages only, or where the cauOng and procuring fuch Jury to be fummoned (haU have arifen from a Refufal to treat or agree with the faid CommiOioo* er9 for executing this A&, by any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or by any Perlon or Perfons whomfoever, who is or are by the Provifions of this Act, or otherwife, legally empowered to treat; then all fuch Cofts, Charges and Expences (to be fettled by fuch Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Jdigh Bailiff, Deputy or Coroner, in manner aforefaid) (hall be paid to the Commiftioners for executing this A6t, by the (aid Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Perfon or Perfons fo claiming fuch Compcufation, or refufing to treat and agree as before mentioned refpe&ively ; fave only and except where, by reafon of Abfence or other like Caufe, any Perfon (hall have been prevented from treating or agreeing a* aforefaid, in which cafe no Cofts, Charges or Expences (hall be allowed to either Party as againll the other ; and all Cofts, Charges and Expences hereby directed to be paid to the faid Commifiioaers for executing this A61, (hall aud may be deduced and retained by them out of the Money fo adjudged or affeffed to be paid by them, as fo much Money advanced to and for the Ufe of the Perfon and Perfons entitled to fuch Money fo adjudged, and Payment or Tender of the Remainder of fuch Money (hall be deemed and taken to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums fo adjudged or affbffed ; or in cafe no Money, or no fufficient Sum of Money (hall be awarded to be paid by the faid Commiftioners, whereout fuch Cofts, Charges and Expences can be dedu&ed, then the fame (hall and may be recovered by fuch ways and means as are hereinafter provided for the Recovery of Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, by tbi* A& impofed or authorized to be impofed.

Verdi As rt-	XXVI. And be it further ena&ed, That all the faid Judgments

•orded.	and	Verdi&8 (hall be recorded in the Office of the Auditor of His

Majefty’s Land Revenue; and a Minute or Docket thereof (hall be entered and preferved in the Office of the Commiftioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues ; and all fuch Judgments and Verdifts (hall be afterwards depofited with the Clerk of the Peace of the faid County of Middlefcx> to be kept and preferved by him amongft the Records of the Quarter Sefiions of the faid County, and (hall be deemed to be Records to all Intents and Pur-poles whatfoever; and the fame or true Copies thereof (haU be allowed Copies Evidence. ^ Evidence in all Courts whatfoever ; and all Perfons (halt have Liberty to infped the fame, paying for fuch Infpedtioo the Sum of Qne Shilling, and to take Copies thereof, paying for every

Copy



495

AJD.1813.	S30	GEO. HI.	C.111.

Copy the Sum of Six pence for every One hundred Words, and lb in Proportion for any left Number of Words.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded, That if in any cafe the Owner or Owners of any Houfe or Building, or of any Yard or Curtilage occupied therewith, Part only of which Premifes (hall at any time be required by the laid Commiffioners for executing this Ad, to be applied for the Purpofes of this Ad, (hall be unwilling to fell or dif-pofe of fuch Part only of fuch Houfe, Building, Yard or Curtilage, as (hall be required by the faid Commiffioners, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners executing this Ad, and they are hereby required, at the Option of any Owner or Owners of any fuch Houfe, Building, Yard or Curtilage, to purchafe of and from the (aid Owner or Owners the Whole or fuch Part thereof as fuch Owner or Owners (hall think fit, and to apply fo much and fuch Part thereof as they the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad, with fuch Content and Approbation as aforefaid, (hall fee fit for the Purpofes of this Ad ; and tnat if fuch Owner or Owners (hall not or cannot agree with the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad, for the Price to be paid for the Purchafe of the whole of fuch Houfe, Building, Yard or Curtilage, then the Value thereof (hall be fettled and afcertained by a Jury, in fuch manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in purfuance of this Ad is direded to be fettled and afcertained by* this Ad ; and all fuch other Proceedings (hall take place refpedmg the faid Premites, as are hereinbefore mentioned and direded with reaped to the Premifes, the Value of which (hall be afcertained by a Jury in manner aforefaid.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe any Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, immediately abutting upon or adjoining to any of the Houfes, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments which fhaU be purchafed, taken or ufed bv virtue of this Ad, (hall be damaged or injured in the Execution of this Ad, or in cafe any Houfes, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments fo nearly adjacent to the fame, as to be diredly and immediately afieded in their Lights or other fubftantial Eatements, (hall be thereby damaged, injured or lefiened in Value, then and in fuch cafe the Owners, Leafeholdere or Occupiers, or other Perfbns interefted in the Houtes, Buildings, Tenements and Premifes which (hall be fo damaged, injured or lefiened in Value, (hall be entitled to claim from the (aid Commiffioners a fair and reafonable Compensation for any fuch Injury, Loft or Damage ; and in cafe of Difagreement between them as to the Amount of fuch Compenfation, or any Apportionment thereof, the fame (hall be enquired into, afcertained and fettled by a Jury, in the fame manner ana under and fubjed to the fame Rules and Regulations, Powers and Authorities, as are by this Ad preferibed in re-

Srd to the Value of any Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or ereditaments, to be purchafed, taken or uted by the faid Comrnif* fboers for the Purpofes of this Ad.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded, That the Owners, Leafehold-ers. Proprietors, Occupiers or any other Perfon or Perfons whom, foever, interefted in any Mews, Stable Yard, Coach Houtes, Stables, Tenements or Hereditaments, immediately abutting upon, and adjoining or adjacent to the faid intended Streets, which the faid Com-nnffionerg may find it neceflary to ftop up by virtue of this Ad, except the Mewtet and Yards hereinbefore particularly mentioned, and 9f	which,

Commiffioners may purchafe the whole of Premifes from Owners unwilling to fell Part.

Compenfation for Damages ta Houfes abutting upon Buildings to be taken down.

Compenfation for Suble-yards, Mews Hopped up, and Power for Commiffioners to purchafe in certain cafes.



C.I2I.

53° GEO. III.	A.D.1813#

which, by their building again (I and obftru&ing, may be deteriorated and lefTened in Value, inafmuch as the Entrance or Entrances com-municating with the prefent Streets or Thoroughfares may be blocked up or obftru&ed, (hall and may have full Right to claim from thefaid Commiffioners the Amount of all fair and realonable Corapenfations for any Injury, Lofs or Damage fuftained or incurred by him, her or them, either on account of the Obftru&ions or (lopping up the prefent Entrances ; and in cafe of Difagreement as to the Amount of fuch Com-penfation, the fame fhall be enquired into and afeertained by a Jury, in the fame way and under and tubjedf to the fame Powers and Authorities, as are by this Ad prescribed in regard to Houfes, Building*, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, purchafed, taken and ufedby Provifo.	the faici Commiffioners for the Purpofes of the fame : Provided nerrr-

theiefs, that the faid Commiffioners fhall, inftead of tnaking fuch Compenfations as aforefaid, except in the cafes of Old Burlington Mews or Crown Yard, and New Burlington Mews or Pavion Arm Yard, have the Option of purchafing fuch Mewfes, Stable Yards, Coach Houfes, Stables and Premifes ; and all the fame Powers and Authorities fhall apply thereto as are herein contained, in regard to other Purchafes under this Ad.

* XXX. And whereas fuch of the Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Te-‘ nements and Hereditaments as are fituated on the Eaft Side of Saint

*	Alban*s Street, betweeu Charles Street and Market Row South, will

*	be deteriorated and lefTened in Value by the faid Street being nar-' rowed, and it is juft and reafonable that the Owners, Leaseholders, ‘ Occupiers, or other Perfons interefled in fuch Houfes and Buildings

* refpedively, fhould be compenfated for any Damage they may fuf-Compenfation to t ftain by reafon thereof; * fee it therefore enaded. That a fair and edh^HoufM^n" rea^ona^*e Recompence and Satisfadion fhall be made by the fakl Saint Alban’a	Commiffioners for executing this Ad, out of the Monies to be raifed

Street.	by virtue hereof, to the Owners, Leafeholders, Occupiers or other

Perfons interefled in fuch of the faid Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments on the Eaft Side of Saint Alban*s Street between Charles Street and Market Row South, for any Injury or * Damage they may refpedively fuftain by means of the faid Street being fo narrowed as aforefaid; wnich Damage fhall be apportioned between fuch Owners, Leafeholders, Occupiers and Perfons interefled, according to their refpedive Edates and Interefts therein ; and in cafe of any Difagreement touching the Amount of fuch Compenfation, or the Apportionment thereof, the fame fhall be enquired into, afeertained and fettled by a Jury, in the fame manner and under and fnb-jed to the fame Rules and Regulations, Powers and Authorities, as any Injury or Damage affeding any Owner, Leaseholder, or Tenant of any other Houfes, Buildings or Grounds are by this Ad dire&ed Provifo.	to be fettled, valued and afeertained : Provided always, that in lien

and ftead of making fuch Compenfation or Satisfadion as aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners ading in the Execution of this Ad, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, if they fhall think it expedient fo to do, to purchafe and buy all or any of fuch Houfes, Buildings and Ground, and all fubfifting Leafes, Terms, Eftates and Interefts therein, in refped of which any Com-penfation may be demanded, in fuch and the like manner and by and with fuch and the like Confent and Approbation, and fhall caufe the Value thereof to be afeertaiped and fettled, and the Pnrchafe Money

tt



 ^.ooQie

C. 121.

497

A.D; 1813.	530 GEO. ID.

to be paid and applied by the like mles and means, and all Powers and Authorities hereby given (hall extend and be applicable thereto, in like manner as if the faid Houfes, Buildings, Ground and Hereditaments were defcribed or comprized in the laid Map or Plan and Book of Reference, and were neceflary or requiiite to be pulled down, taken or ufed for making or forming the faid intended New Street.

XXXI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That all Sums of Money or other Confideration, Recompence or Satisfa&ion to be paid or made purfuant to any fuch Agreement or Verdi& as aforefaid, (hall be paid or tendered to the Party or Parties entitled to the fame, or into the Bank of England as herein mentioned, before the faid Commiffioners, or arPerfon or Perfons authorized by them, (hall proceed to take Poflefiion or pull down any Houfe or Houfes, or other Erections or Buildings comprized in or affe&ed by fuch Agreement or Verdi& refpe&ively, or to ufe the Ground for any of the Purpofes of this A&.

XXXII.	And be it further ena&ed, That upon Payment or legal Tender of the Sum or Sums of Money, Recompence and Satisfaction, which (hall be agreed for, awarded or affefled as aforefaid, to the Parties or Perfons refpe&ively entitled thereto, or to their Agents, or on depofiting tne fame in the Bank of England in the manner dire&ed by this A& (in cafe the fame (hall be requiiite), all Owners and Occupiers of, and all other Perfons or Corporations interefted in fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, (hall, from thenceforth be divefted of all Right, Title, Claim, Intereft and Property of, in, to or out of the lame $ and fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments (hall from thenceforth veft in His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, who (hall be deemed in Law to be in the a&ual Seifm and Poflefiion thereof to all Intents and Purpofes, freed and difeharged from all former and other Eftates, Rights, Titles, Interefts, Claims and Demands, and (hall and may be pulled down, made ufe of and employed for the Purpofes of this A&, according to the Dire&ions of the (aid Commiffioners for executing this A&, and under the Regulations in this A& mentioned and contained.

. XXXIII. And.be it further ena&ed, That all and every Perfon and Perfons, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, in Poflefiion of any Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which (hall be purchafed in order to be made ufe of by virtue of and for the Purpofes of this Act, (hall, upon receiving Three Calendar Months Notice in Writing from the faid Commiffioners for executing this A&, or their Agent duly authorized, at the End of the faid Three Calendar Months, or lo foon after as he, (he or they (hall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Poflefiion of the faid rremifes to the faid Commiffioners, or the Perfon or Perfons authorized by them to take Poflefiion thereof; and that in cafe any fuch Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, (hall refufe to give up fuch Pofleflion as aforefaid, then it (nail and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners to iflue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the faid County of Middleftx, or to the High Bailiff of the City or Liberty of Wejlminjlcr (as the cafe may be), to deliver Pofleflion of the Premifes to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall in fuch Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the fame ; and the 53 Gio. III.	K	k	faid

Money paid before any Ufe is made of Prt-mifes.

Power to enter and take Poflef-fion of Houfes, Sec. on Payment or Tender of Purchafe Money.

Pofleflion delivered up*



C. iar.

498

Com million ers empowered to fell, exchange or leafe Pre-tnifesnot wanted for Purpofej of

Aa.

Application of Purchafe Money exceeding sooLwhen payable to Corporation*, *c#

53° GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

(aid Sheriff or High Bailiff is hereby required to deliver foch Poffefiion accordingly of the faid Premifes, and to levy fuck Cofb aa fhall accrue from the iffuing of fuch Precept or Precepts 00 the Perfon or Perfons fo refuting to give up fuch Pofleffion as afotefhid, by Diftrefs and Sale of his, her or their Goods.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it further eroded, That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad, by and with the Confent and Approbation in Writing of the laid Lord High Treafurer, or of the faid Comariffionert for executing the faid Office of Lord High Treafurer, or any Three or more of them, abfolutely to fell and difpofe of all or any Part of the Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, of or belonging to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, in the Lines of the faid Streets and Places refpedivcly to be ereded and bulk, altered, repaired or improved, under or by virtue of this Aft, or which fhall be fo purchafed or acquired as aforefaid, and fhall not be wanted for the Purpofes of this Act; and alfo to convey in exchange, with fuch Confent and Approbation as aforefaid, aO or any Part of the Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of or belonging to His Maiefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, tituate within any or either of the rarifhes through which the laid Streets and Places refpedively to be erected and built, altered, flopped up, repaired or improved, under or by virtue of this Att, extend, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which (hall be wanted for the Purpofes of this Ad ; and alfo to demife or leafe, or previous to any fuch Demife or Leafe to enter into any Contrad or Agreement for the demiting or leafing, with fuch Confent and Approbation as aforefaid, all or any Part of the Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments to be purchafed, ere&ed, built, altered, repaired and improved, under or by virtue of this Ad, for any Term or Terms of Years, not exceeding Ninety nine Years from the making thereof, at fuch Rent or Rents, and under fuch Covenants, Conditions, Claufes and Reftridions, and in fuch manner as the faid Commiflioners for executing this Ad fhall from time to time, with fuch Confent and Approbation as aforefaid, judge proper and think moil advantageous, and to receive and take any Fine or Fines for the granting fuch Leafes, and to apply all fuch Fines to the Purpofes of this Ad; and all Conveyances, Exchanges and Leafes which fhall be made by tbe faid Commiflioners for executing this Ad, of any of the faid Houfes, Buildings, Lauds, Tenements and Hereditaments, may be made according to the Forms fet forth in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, or as near thereto aa the circumilances of the cafe will admit; and all fuch Conveyances, Exchanges and Leafes (hall be good, valid and effedual; any Pro* vifions, Reftridions or Claufes contained in any Ad or Ads of Fart liameot relating to His Majefly’s Land Revenues, or to any Property under the Management of the Commiffioners of His Majefty** Woods* Forefts and Land Revenues, or any Pfadice, Cuftom or Ufnge to tbe contrary thereof in any wife not with Handing.

XXXV.	And be it further ena&ed, That u any Money fhall bo agreed or affeffed to be paid for any Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or for any other Matter, Right or Intereft of what Nature or Kind foever, purchafed, taken or ufed by

virtue



C.J2I

499

AJD.1813*

53° GEO. in.

virtue of this Ad, fen* the Purpofes thereof, which (hall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic or other Perfon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity, or ntot legally entitled abfolutely to difpofe of the Premifes by the Sale of which fuch Money (nail be produced, fuch Money (hall, in cafe the fame (hall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancety, to be placed to his Account ex part* the Commiilioners for executing this Ad, to the Intent that Inch Money fhall be ap« plied, under the Diredion and with the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Houfes, Buildings,

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the faid Court fhall authorize to be paid, affe&ing the fame Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affeding other Houfes, Buildings, Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments Handing fettled therewith, or to the fame or the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents or Purpofes 5 or where fuch Money fhall not be fo applied, then the fame fhall be laid out and invefted, under the like Diredion and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which fhall be conveyed and fettled to, for and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trufts, Intents and Purpofes, and in the fame manner as the Hereditaments which fhall be fo purchafed, taken or ufed as aforefaid, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the time of making fuch Conveyance or Settlement fhall be exifting, undetermined and capable of taung Effed; and in the mean time and until fuch Purchafe fhall be made, the faid Money fhall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invefted by the faid Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities ; and in the mean time and until the (aid Bank Annuities fhall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Puipofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities fhall from time to time be paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fo hereby di-re&ed to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if AppHcition Any Money fo agreed or afTeffed to be paid for any Houfes, Build- where Puichafr ings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchafed, taken or ufed Mojjey ■for the Puipofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or ° yd. to any Perfon or Perfons under Difability or Incapacity as aforefaid, fhall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and fhall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch cafes the feme fhall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the time bring entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments fo pur-chafed, taken or ufed, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, iti cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be

Kk a

fignified





500

C. 121.

53° GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

Application where Money under acl.

fignified in Writing under their refpe&ive Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the (aid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore dire&ed; or otherwife the fame (hall be paid, at the like Option, to Two or more Truftees to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and.approved of by the faid Commifiioners for executing this A6t (fucn Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that fuch Principal Money and the Dividends anting thereon, may be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, fo far as the cafe may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the faid High Court of Chancery.

XXXVII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaCted, That where fuch Money fo agreed or afiefied to be paid as hereinbefore mentioned (hall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch cafes the fame (hall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments fo purchafed, taken or ufed for the Purpofes of this A&, in fuch manner as the faid Commiiiioners for executing this A (hall think fit 5 or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpec-tively.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enaCled, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money (hall be fo ordered to be paid as aforefaid, (hall not be able to make a good Title to the Premiles to the Satisfaction of the faid Commifiioners for executing this ACt, or (hall refufe to execute fuch ContraCt or Agreement, Contracts or Agreements as aforefaid; or in cafe the Perfon or

cannot he found, pcrfon8 to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be fo ordered to PunhafeMooey	ag	cannot	be found, or if the Perfon or Perfons en-

*al ,n ° titled to fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, be not known or difcovered : then and in every fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Commifiioners for executing this ACt, to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the faid High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties intereited in the faid Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments [defcribtng /£rm],fubje& to the Order, Controul or Difpofition bf the (aid High Court of Chancery; which faid Court, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, (hall be and the fame is hereby empowered, in a fummary way of Proceeding or otherwife, as to the fame Court (hall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, or to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the refpe&ive Ertate or Eftates, Title or lntereft, of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court (hall feem juft and reafonable; and the Cafliier or Calhiers of the Bank of England who (hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or

Receipts

IfTitle not made out;

•r, if Perfoni



Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fpecify-ing for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where Perfons in any QueAion (hall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Pofleffion Jeem Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name ana ed well entitled with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of contrary Chancery in purfuance of this Ad, for the Purchafe of any Houfe$, ltWL Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchafed in purfuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Interefl of any fuch Bank Annuities, the rerfon or Perfons who (hall have been in Pofleffion of fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, at the time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Pofleffion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, (hall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Houfes,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments according to fuch Pofleffion, until the contrary (hall be (hewn to the Satisfaftion of the	v

faid Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interefl of the Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, (hall be paid, applied and difpofed of accordingly, unlefs it (hall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Pofleffion was a wrongful Pofleffion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Houfes, Buildings,

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to fome EAate or Interefl therein.

XL. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where, by Court may order reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfon3 or reafonabie Ex-Corooration entitled to any Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements pence* to be or Hereditaments to be purchafed under the Authority of this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the fame (hall be required to be paid into the faid High Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to he fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of this Aft, it (hall be lawful for the faid Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in purfuance of this Aft, or fo much of fuch Expences at the faid Court (hall deem reafonabie, together with the neceflary Cofts and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Commiffioners for executing this Aft; who (hall from time to time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court (hall direft.

XLI. And be ft further enafted, That in the defignmg and laying Paring, out, opening aad making fuch Streets or Places, and in the erefting Lighting and or rebuilding fuch Dwelling Houfes fend other Buildings as above Watching, mentioned, the faid Commiffioners (hall, by and out of the Monies to be railed by virtue of this Aft* in a fubftantial and workmanlike manner, fill in all and every the Vaults, Cellars, and open Places over Cellars, which it may be neceflary to new pave (except fuch as (hall bb ufed again as Cellars, Vaults or Areas), with good found hard Brick*,

Kubbifh or other found and proper Materials, to be well rammed down every Three or Four Ioches thick, to prevent the Ground from giving way, and do and (hall, out of the Monies fo to be raifed as aforefaid, well and effeftually pave over all the Ground of the (aid

Digitize” by

)^00

Paving.

Lamps.

Watch Boxes.

CommHfioners not charged iu future.

ladenmitj te Report, &c. for Church Dues.

C. i*j.	53*GEO. HI.	AJX1813.

new intended Streets and Placet with the Materials of the prefeat lavement as far as they will extend, and with a fufficient Quantity of new Materials of like Quality and Dimcnfions to fupply the Deficiency ; and (hall and will, in like manner and by the like means, relay and repair all and every Part of the Streets, Ways, Courts and Paflages, which they (hall difturb or alter in carrying the Pur-pofes of this A& into Execution ; and moreover, that the faid Com-miffioners (hall, by and out of the fame Monies, provide, place and affix fuch proper and fubftantial Lamp Irons, with Lamps and Burners, for lighting the £aid intended new Streets and Places, of fuch Dimenfions and Quality, and at fuch Diftancet from each other, and painted and finifhed in fuch manner as (hall be approved by the refpe&ive Veftrymen, Committees or Dire&ors for the time being, for paving, cleanfing and lighting the (aid refpe&iue Parifhes; and alfo in like manner provide, place and affix, at proper Diftances from each other, good and fubftantial Watch Boxes for the Watchmen of each of the faid refpe&ive Parifhes, and fuch as (hall be approved of by the Veftrymen, Committees or Dire&ors of the (aid refpe&ive Parifhes for the time being: Provided neverthelefe, that nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to charge the faid Commiffioners with repairing or making good fuch Pavements, Lamps, Lamp Irons or Watch Boxes in future; but that from and after the fame (hall be fo paved, relaid and repaired as aforefaid, and fuch Lamps, Lamp Irons and Watch Boxes provided and finifhed as aforefaid, the fame (hall for ever after be kept in Repair, by and at the Expenfe of the (aid Parifhes, to which the fame (hall refpe&tvely belong, and that the Right and Property of all Pavements, Stones, Bricks, Pods, Lamps, Lamp Irons, Lamp Pofts and Watch Boses, fo to be laid, ere&ed and fixed up as aforefaid, (hall belong to and be the Property of the faid refpe&ive Parifhes, in the feme manner as things of a like Defcription, in other Parts of the feid Parifhes re-fpe&ively, are at the prefent veiled by Law.

XLIL And whereas by reafon of the taking down of the fevenl Dwelling Houfes and other Buildings required for the Purpofes of this Aft, a Deficiency may arife in the Produce of the annual Stipends, Eajler Dues, Obventions or Oblations^ and alfo in the annual Produce of Church Duties for Burials, Marriages and Chriften-ings (ufually called Surplice Fees and Burial Ground Fees), and other Perquifites and Payments payable in refpe& thereof, to the Re&ors, Churchwardens, Clerks in Orders, Sextons and other Officers belonging to the refpe&ive Churches of the Parifhes herein mentioned, and to the Truftees of the new Burial Ground of the feid Parifh of Smt Jamtt; Be it therefore ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That the feid Commiffioners (hall, Yearly and every Year, pay and snake good, or caufe to he paid and made good, unto the Re&ors of the feid refpe&ive Parifhes for the time being, for the Ufe of them-{elves, and the Clerks in Orders, and other Officers and Truftees above mentioned refpe&ively, all fuch Deficiencies as (hall or may arife or happen by reafon or means of any thing done in the Execution of this A&, in the Produce of the laid annual Stipends, EtJUr Dues, Oblations or Obventions, and Church Duties above motioned, from and after Ea&tr Tvefday,which will be in the Year of oar Lord Oae tboufend eight hundred and fourteen; which Dt* ficieaefes (hall be eftimated and ascertained conclusively, at or upkr

the



C. 121.

A.D.1813.

530 geo. m.

5*3

the average Produce of fuch annual Stipends, Eafler Dues, Oblations or Obventions, and Church Duties refpeftively, for the Three Years immediately preceding Eafler Tuefday One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, compared with the Produce thereof for each fubfequent Year; and the firft Yearly Payment of which Deficiencies (hall be made on Eajler Tuefday One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen.

XLIII. And whereas for the Reafon above mentioned, there may be Deficiencies in the Produce of the Afleffments for Land Tax, and for the Relief of the Poor, and making certain Payments direfted by Aft of Parliament to be made out of the Poor’s Rate, and for paving, cleanfing, lighting and watching the faid Parifhes refpec-tively, and occafion&lly for repairing and amending the Churches,

Steeples, Church Yards and Veftry Rooms belonging to the fame Parifhes refpeftively; Be it therefore enafted by the Authority afore- Indemnity £or faid, That the faid Commiflioners (hall. Yearly and every Year, from band Tax,and and after the refpeftive times of firft making the faid refpeftive	(oi	Re'

Affeflments after the palling of this Aft, pay and make good or 11X1 r cmci,t’ caufe to be paid and made good to the faid Parifhes refpeftively, all focb Sum and Sums of Money as (hall be deficient in refpeft of the Produce of the faid feveral Rates or Afleffments, by reafon or means of the carrying of this Aft into Execution ; the fame Deficiencies -to be afeertained by the Amount of fuch Rates or Affeflments as the Koufes and Buildings (hut up, taken down or ufed by virtue of this Aft would, from Year to Year, at the prefent Rental, in the different Books of Affeffment to the Land Tax, Poor Rate, paving, xdeanfing, lighting, watching and repairing the faid refpeftive Churches, have produced, according to the feveral Pound Rates to be affefled from time to time on the Inhabitants of the other Parts of the faid Pkrtfhes refpeftively, and fhaH pay the fame accordingly *0 the feveral Coileftort of the faid Taxes and Rates quarterly, or otherwife, as the fame fhall become due : Provided always, that Commiflioners whenever, by the Operation of this Aft, the Produce or Payments w-bnburfedwhen’ an refpeft of the feveral and refpeftive Afleflments for Land Tax,	r

and for the Relief of the Poor, paving, cleanfing, lighting and watch- ^0urft.en ing, and for repairing the Churches, Steeples, Church Yards and Veftij Rooms of the faid Parifhes refpeftively, of and for all fuch Houles, Buildings, Tenements and Hereditaments whatfoever, as, for the time being, fhall be Handing upon the Line of the faid intended new Streets and Places, fhall amount to a larger Sum of Money than the Sums which would have been rateable or affeffable upon the Houles, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fituate within the faid Parifhes refpeftively, which fhall be pulled down, taken or ufed for the Purpofes of this Aft, according to the prefent Rental of the (aid Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the different Books of Affeffment to the Land Tax, Poor Rate; paving, cleanfing, lighting, watching and repairing the faid Churches refpeftively, that then the aforefaid Payments, on account of Deficiencies m the faid annual Stipends, Eajler Dues, Obventions or Oblations, Church Duties, Land Tax, Poor Rates, paving, cleanfing, lighting and watching, and for repairing the Churches, Steeples, Church Yards and Veftry Rooms of the laid Parifhes refpeftively, fhaU feverally ceafe and determine; and (ben aUo and from thenceforth the Surplus (if any there fhall be) in

Kk 4

the





5*4

C.iai.

Pwnr to borrow Money on Mongage of Houfes, ftc. ’

530 GEO. W.

A.D.iSij.

the faid Land Tax, Rates or Affeffmcnts, (hall be applied and paid to the faid Commiflioners for executing this Aft, towards re-imburfing them what they (hall have paid for or in refpeft of the aforefaid Deficiencies on the fame refpeftive Accounts, and fo from time to time when and as often as there (hall be any Surplus on the faid refpeftive Accounts, until the faid Commiflioners (hall be wholly re-imburfed And repaid all Monies which they (hall have difburfed in refpeft of fuch Deficiencies : Provided, that nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to compel the Reftors for the time being, or any or either of them, to pay or refund any Sum or Sums of Money in refpett of the Difference of Eafter Offerings, Oblations, Obventions or Church Dues.

XLIV. And, in order to enable the faid Commiflioners for executing this Aft to carry the feveral Purpofes thereof into Execution, be it further enafted, That it (hall ana may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners for executing this Aft, by and with the Con-fent and Approbation in Writing of the faid Lord High Treafurer, or of the (aid Commiflioners for executing the faid Office of Lord High Treafurer, or any Three or more of them, and notwithffanding any Provifion, Reftriftion or Claufe contained in any Aft or Afts of Parliament relating to His Majefty’s Land Revenue, or to any Property under the Management of the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Foreffa and Land Revenues, to borrow and take up at In-terefl from time to time fuch Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Five hundred thoufand Pounds, as they the faid Commiflioners for executing this Aft, with fuch Con-fent and Approbation as aforefaid, (hall judge neceffary for the Purpofes of this Aft, on Mortgage of all or any Part or Parts of the Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of or belonging to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, in the Lines of the (aid Streets and Places to be erefted, altered, repaired or improved, or which (hall be purchafed or exchanged by virtue of this Aft; or by Mortgage of all or any Part or Parts of the Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of or belonging to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, fituate, lying and being between Pall Mall on the South, Piccadilly on the North, Saint James's Street on the Weft and the King's Mews on the Eail, or in any or either of the faid laft mentioned Streets or Mews; and for fecuring the Repayment of the faid Sum of Five hundred thoufand Pounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, with Intereff for the fame, with fuch Confent and Approbation as aforefaid, to grant, demife, mortgage or otherwife convey all or any Part or Parts of the fame Houles, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments refpcc-tively, unto any Perfon or Perfons who (hall lend and advance iuch Sum or Sums of Money refpeftively, his, her or their Heirs, Executors or Adminiflrators, or to whom he or they (hall appoint, either in Fee or for any Term of Years, fo that every fuch Grant, Mortgage or Security be made with a Provifo or Condition to ceafe and be void, or with an exprefs Direftion or Condition, to be conveyed, furrendered or afligned, when fuch Sura or Sums of Money thereby to be fecured and the Intereff thereof (hall be fully paid and fatisfied; and every fuch Grant, Mortgage or Security may be in the Form or to the Effeft following \ that is to fay.

 <^ooQle

A.D.i8i3*	53°GEO.III.	C.121.

4 A B. and C. D. Two of the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s

*	*	Woods,	Forefts and Land Revenues, being duly authorized

*	by the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty's Treafury, and adting

*	in purfuance of an Aft paffed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign

*	of His Majefty King George the Third, intituled [here fet forth the 4 Title of this A3"], in Confideration of the Sum of

*	lent	and advanced by E. F. of

4 to the Commiffioners of His Majefty's Woods, Forefts and Land

*	Revenues, upon the Credit and for the Purpofes of the faid Ad, ‘ do, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Commit 4 fioners of His Majefty's Treafury, and for and on Behalf of 4 His Majefty, grant, mortgage and convey unto the faid

*	his	Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators' or Affigns, [or,

4 if by Demife, then fay, do grant, mortgage and demife unto the

*	laid	his	Executors, Adminiftrators or

€ Affigns, or, to his Truftee or Truftees, as the cafe may be] All

*	[here infert the Parcels] To hold to the faid

4 his Heirs and Affigns for ever [or, if for a Term, then fay, To 4 hold to the faid	his	Executors, Adrai-

4 oiftrators or Affigns, for a Term of	Years*

4 to be computed from the Date hereof] for fecuring the Repayment 4 of the faid Sum of	with Intereft for

4 the fame after the Rate of	per	Cenittm per

4 Annum ; fuch Intereft to be paid by Half yearly Payments: 4 Provided, and thefe Prefents are upon this exprefs Condition, that 4 the Grant and Conveyance [or, Demife, as the cafe may bel 4 hereby made, (hall ceafe and be void when and as foon as the faia

*	Sum of	and	the Intereft therof as afore*

‘ faid (hall be fully paid and fatisfied. [Here may be introduced any 4 fpecial Claufes refpeding the time and manner of Payment, which 4 may be agreed upon between the Parties.] In Witnefe whereof 4 the faid A. B. C. D. and	have	hereunto fet their

*	Hands and Seals the	Day of	in	the

€ Year of our Lord

And every fuch Grant, Mortgage or Security (hall be good and valid, notwithftanding any fuch Provifions, Reftri&ions or Claufes, contained in any fuch AGt or Adis of Parliament as aforefaid, and (hall entitle the Perlon or Perfons to or in Truft for whom the fame (hall be made, his, her or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators or Affigns, to the Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money and Intereft thereby fecured by any fuch Grant, Mortgage or Security, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, and of this Adt; and the Cofts, Charges and Expences of every fuch Grant, Mortgage or Security, (hall be from time to time defrayed by the faid Commiffioners for executing this Adi, out of the Money fo borrowed.

XLV. And be it further enadled, That in cafe the faid Commif-fioners for executing this Adi (hall think it advifable to raife all or any Part or Parts of the faid Sum of Five hundred thoufand Pounds, upon the Credit of the Rents and Profits of the Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, fo authorized to be demiled or leafed by them by virtue of this Adi, inftead of by fuch Mortgage as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners for executing this Adi, by and

with

5<>S

Form of Mart

$Zgt,6tQ'

Power to borrow Money on Mortgage of Rents.



5<xJ

C. 121.

tarn of Affijn-

mfDik

53° GEO. III.	AD.i8i}

with the Confent and Approbation in Writing of the laid Lord High Treafurer, or of the faid Commiffioners for executing the hid Office of Lord High Treafurer, or any Three or more of them, from time to time to borrow and take up at Intereft fuch Sum or Somi of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the faid Sum of Fie hundred thoufand Pounds, as they the faid Commiffioners for exe* cuting this Aft, with fuch Confent and Approbation as aforefaid, (hall judge neceflary for the Purpofes of this Aft, upon the Credit of the Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fo authorized to be demited or leafed by them as aforefaid (not being comprifed in any fuch Mortgage or Mortgages as aforefaid); and by Writing under the Hands and Seals of the faid Commiffioners for executing tnis Aft to affign, with fuch Confent and Approbation xs aforefaid, all or any Part of the faid Rents and Profits to fuch Per* fon or Ptrfons as (hall lend or advance any Money thereon, or to his, her or their Truftee or Truftees, as a Security for the Principal Money to be advanced, with lawful Intereft for the fame $ and the Charges and Expences of fuch Alignment, to be made as hereinafter mentioned, (hall be from time to time defrayed by the faid Commif* doners for executing this Aft, out of the Money fo borrowed j »d every fuch Alignment may be in the Ifqrm or to tne Effeft following; that is to fay,

*	Tlf E A. B. and C. D. being Two of the Commiffioners of Hit

*	Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, being duly

*	authorized by the Lords Commiffioners of His Maiefty’a Treafury,

0 and afting in purfuance of an Aft parted in the Fifty third Year 0 of the Reign of His Majefty King George the Third, intituled 0 [here fet forth the Title of this A3] in Consideration of the Sumof «	lent	and advanced by E. F. upon the

0 Credit and for the Purpofes of the (aid Aft, to the Comouffioneri 0 of His Majefty'8 Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, do, for 0 and on Behalf of His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTon, hereby 0 grant and affign unto the laid E. F. [or, to his Truftee or 0 Truftees, ae the cafe may be’] his Executors, Adminiftraton and 0 Affigns, filch Proportion of the Rents and Profits to arife sod be 0 received in refpeft of any Demifes or Leafes granted or to begnoted 4 by virtue of the fame Aft, as the Grid Sum of

0	doth	or	(hall	bear	to	the	whole Sum which may 11 any

0 time be borrowed or become due and owing, or be charged opw 0 the Credit of fuch Rents and Profits, to be had and holdea froa 4 this	Day	of	until	the	(aid

0 Sum of	with Intereft after the Rite of

0	per	Centum	per Annum for the feme, hall

0 be fully paid and fatisfied. In Witnefe whereof, we the (aid 0 A. B. C. D. and Em F. have hereunto fet our Hands and Scab,

0 the	Day	of	in	the

0 Year of our Lord	.*

And all fuch Alignments (hall be numbered, commencing with Number One, and fo proceeding in an Arithmetical Progreffioo, whereof the common Excefs or difference (hall always be one, in refpeft of every One hundred Pounds fo advanced as ifbit&H); ana every filch Security (hall be good, valid and effe&ual in tht Lawy ana (hall entitle the Perfon or Perform to whom the feme

(hall



C. 12?.

J07

A.D.1813.	53*	GEO.	III.

fhall be made* his, her or their Executors, Admimftrators tod Affigus, to tbe Payment thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad.

XLVI. And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be Form of unlawful to and for the Perfons entitled to any of tbe Alignments fo to be granted for the Money to be borrowed as aforefaid, and their refpe&ive Executors, Adminiftrators or Aligns, at any time by Writing under their Hands and Seals to transfer fuch Alignments to any Perfon or Perfons whom foe ver; and every fuch Transfer may be in the Form or to the Eficd following ;

•	T A. B. being entitled to the Sum of

•	A by virtue of an Alignment bearing Date the

4 Day of	under	the Hands and Seals of

4 Two of the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and

•	Land Revenues, a&ing in Execution of an Ad made in the Fifty 4 third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [here 4 fit forib the Title of tbu A3) upon the Credit of the Rents and 4 Profits of the Premifes demiied or leafed by virtue of the faid Ad,

4 do hereby transfer all mv Right and Intereft in and to tbe fame 4 Sum, ana Intereft now aue and arifing thereon, unto

4	his	or her Executors, Adminiftrators and Aligns.

4 Dated the	Day	of

And a Copy of every fuch Alignment, together with the Number or Numbers thereof, which Ihall be made in purfuance of this Ad, suid an Extrad or Memorial of every Transfer thereof refpedively,

Hull be entered in a Book to be Kept for that Purpole by tbe Clerk to the faid Commilioners for executing this Ad, which Extrad or Memorial Ihall foecify and contain the Date, Names of the Parties and Sums of Money thereby transferred, to which Book any Perfon interefted (hall at all feafonable times have Accefs, and Ihall have free Liberty to infped the lame without Fee or Reward; and for the entering of every fuch Transfer the faid Clerk Ihall be paid, by the Perfon to whom fuch Transfer Ihall be made, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence and no more; and evety fuch Transfer after Entry thereof as aforefaid Hull entitle the Perfon to whom the Transfer ihall be made, and his or her Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred, without any Regiftry thereof.

XLVII. And, in order that no Preference may be given to any Psyment of of the Perfons who Ihall have advanced and lent Money upon the Creditor, Credit of the faid Rents and Profits, and Ihall have taken Security v ded for* by fuch Alignment thereof as aforefaid, be it further ena&ed. That tbe laid Commiffioners for executing this Ad (if there Ihall be more fuch Creditors than one) Ihall caufe tbe Number or Numbers of all Affignments granted, in cafe more than the Sum of One hundred Pounds Ihall be lent and advanced upon any fuch Affignmeat or Security as aforefaid, and then in force for liecuring the Principal Monies lent and advanced upon the Credit of the Rents and Proms, of which Part (hall be then intended to be paid off, to be written upon diftind Pieces of Paper of an equal Six* each Piece .of Paper to contain only One Number in jefjped of every One hundred Pounds fo borrowed as aforefaid; and ul fuch Papers (hall be rolled op in the feme Form as near at may be, and be put into a Box or

Wheel,



$oZ

C. lit.

53“ GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

Wheel, and the dumber or Numbers of the faid Affignments M be drawn feparately out of the faid Box or Wheel, by the Secretary to the faid Commiffioners for executing this Aft, or the Perfoa officiating as fuch ; and after every fuch Ballot the faid Comroif fioners for executing this Aft fhail caufe Notice, figned by their Secretary or the Perfon officiating as fuch, to be given to or left it the laft or ufual Place of Abode of the Perfon or Ferfons who M, as Holders of fuch Securities or Affignments which fhall be (b drawn, be entitled to the Money to be paid off, either in full or put Payment of their refpeftive Affiguments as aforefaid, purfuant to fuch Ballot; and where there is only one Creditor, to give Three Calendar Months Notice to fuch Creditor of the Intention of the hid Commifiioners to pay him or her as aforefaid; and every fuch Notice fhall exprefs the Sum to be paid off, together with the Intereft due thereon, and that the fame fhall be paid on a Day and at a Place to be fpecified in fuch Notice, fuch Day not being fooner than Three Calendar Months after the Day of giving or leaving fuch Notice as aforefaid ; and the Intereft of the Principal Money to be fo paid of, fhall from and after the Day fo fpecified ceafe and be no longer paid or payable, unlefs fuch Money fhall be demanded purfumt to luch Notice and not paid; but the Principal Money, in refpeft wheieor fuch Notice fhall be given, and the Intereft thereof to the Day fo fpecified, fhall neverthelefs be payable on Demand.

XLVIIl. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That in cafe the faid Commiffioners for executing this Aft, can at any time borrow or take up any Sum or Sums of Money at a lower Rate of Intereft than the Alignments which fhall be then in force fhall bear, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, by and with fuch Confent and Approbation as aforefaid, from time to time to charge the faid Rents and Profits in manner aforefaid with fuch Suit, or Sums of Money as they fhall think proper, and the Intereft thereof, at fuch low Rate as aforefaid, and to pay off and difeharge the Affignments bearing a higher Rate of Intereft, according to the Regulations and Direftions herein preferibed for paying off fuch Alignments.

Monies paid into XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That ill BankofEug- Sums of Money, Bills and Drafts, which fhall be received by the faid Commiffioners for executing this Aft, fhall from time to time, within Two Days after the fame fhall have been received, or within Two Days after any Bill fhall have been accepted, completed tod perfefted, if the fame fhall not be accepted, completed and perfe&ed at the time it fhall be received by the faid Commiffioners, be paid hjr them into the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for which the Receipt of the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the faid Governor and Company fhall be a fufficient Difcharge; and iD fuch Monies, Bills and Drafts fo to be paid to the faid Govern* and Company fhall from time to time be placed to an Account to be raifed in the Books of the faid Governor and Company, intituled 4 The Account of the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods,

4 Forefts and Land Revenues, being the New Street Account/aod (hall be applied and dffpofed of by them the faid Commiffiooen for executing this Aft, for and towards the carry ingof the fevers! Porpofa thereof into Execution.

L. Plodded

Power to borrow Money at lower Intereft, to difcharge Securities at a higher Rate.

 ^ooQie

C.I2I.

A.D.1813.	S3*	GEO.	III.

509

L. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enaded, That it fhall Commiffioner* and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioner? for executing this Ad	a

to referve out of the Monies to be received by them by virtue of E^pencVs Ui this Ad, for cafual and ordinary Payments for the Purpoles thereof. Hands of a pri-in the Hands of any private Banker, to be nominated by any Writing rate Banker, under the Hand ofxthe faid Lord High Treafurer, or by the faid Com-xniffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer, or any Three or more of them, a Sum not exceeding Three Thoufand Pounds, to be drawn for by the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad; and if at any time the Sum fo referved (hall be reduced below Three thoufand Pounds, then it fhall be lawful for the Commiffioners for executing this Ad, from time to time, to make up the fame to the Sum of Three thoufand Pounds, by Drafts under their Hands upon the Funds to be depofited in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England as aforefaid.

LI. And be it further enaded. That the Commiffioners for Payments by executing this Ad fhall make all Payments required to be made, out Drafts on Bank, of the Monies to be depofited in the Bank of England, by Drafts cul^Semce? * under their Hands on the faid Bank, and fhall fpecify on each fuch Draft the particular Service, Salary or other Charge, Purpofe or Caufe, for which fuch Draft fhall be given ; and every fucn Draft fhall alfo have marked in the Margin thereof, a Figure correfpond-ing to the Page in a Book to be kept by the faid Commiffioners, wherein Entry fhall be made of the particular Service, Salary or other Charge, Purpofe or Caufe for which fuch Draft fhall be given.

L*II. Ana be it further enaded. That all Drafts drawn purfuant Dra*j8 to the Diredions of this Ad, but not otherwife, fhall be lufficient	l*

Authority to the Bank of England to pay the Amount thereof to the Perfons mentioned in fuch Drafts, or to the Bearer of them ; and that the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad, obferving the Rules and Regulations hereby prefcribed, fhall not be anfwerable either colledively or individually for any Money which they the faid Commiffioners, or any or either of them, fhall have fo paid into the Bank of England; and that the Governor and Company of the Bank of England (hall be anfwerable for all the Monies which fhall be adually received by them from fuch Commiffioners.

LIII. And be it further enaded, That the Commiffioners for exe- Annual Report cuting this Ad fhall, on or before the Firfl Day of July in every 10 Tre*fury-Year, make a Report in Writing to the Lord High Treafurer, or Commiffioners for executing the faid Office of Lord High Treafurer, of the Progrefs made in the repairing, altering, pulling down and rebuilding of any Houfes, Buildings and Places, or in the laying out any vacant Ground, or the forming or making any other Improvements under or by virtue of this Ad, together with luch Obfervations and Suggeflions for the better effeding the Purpofes of this Ad, as the (aid Commiffioners for executing this Ad fhall from time to time think requifite and neceflary.

LIV. And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful Power to re-to and for the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad, to take JSIs JodftsT down, take away, remove, alter or regulate, in fuch manner as they ^Jhmsn^T fhall from time to time judge proper, all Signs or other Emblems ufed to denote the Trade. Occupation or Calling of any Perfon or Perfons, and all Sign Irons, Sign Polls, and other Polls, Sheds,

Penthoufes, Spouts, Gutters, Steps, Stairs, Bow and other projed-

ing



S*o

C. 121

Comers of Buildings.

Future Encroachments and frroje&ions.

Penalty.

53* CEO. m.	A.D.1S13.

ing Windows, Window Shutters, Palifades and other Encroachmems, Projections and Annoyances, belonging or which (hall be hereafter affixed or belong to any Houfe or Houfes or other Buildings, and which do and (hall in their Judgment obftrud the free and commodious Paffage along the Carriage or Foot Ways of any of the Streets, Squares and Places to be made, widened, altered, flopped up and improved by virtue of this Ad, and alfo to caufe the Water to be conveyed from the Roofs, Cornices, Eaves and Penthoufes, of or belongingto fuch Houfes or other Buildings refpedively, by proper Pipes or Trunks, to be affixed to the Sides of fuch Houfes or other Buildings refpedively $ and that the Cofts, Charges and Ex pence* attending the taking down, taking away, removing, altering or regu* lating fuch Signs, Sign Irons, Sign Polls and other Pofts, Sheds, Penthoufes, Spouts, Gutters, Steps, Stairs, Bow or other Projections, Windows, Window Shutters, Palifades and other Encroachments, Projedions and Annoyances, or any of them, and of making and affixing fuch Pipes and Trunks as aforefaid, (hall be borne and defrayed out of the Money to be raifed by virtue of this Ad: Provided always, That if the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad, (hall caufe to be taken up or removed any Pofts or other Guards placed for the Protedion of any Houfe or Building, forming a Corner of any Street or Lane, from Injury by Carriages, they the faid Com-miffionera (hall, ly fome proper ways or means, fufficiently guard or proted the fame Houfe or Building from Damage as aforefaid ; and in cafe any Damage (hall at any time happen to any fuch Houfe, by reafon of taking up or removing any fuch Pofts or other Guards by the faid Commiffioners, they the laid Commiffioners (hall from time to time make good fuch Damage out of the Monies to be raifed by virtue of this Ad.

LV. And be it further enaded, That if any Sign, Sign Iron, Sign Poll, or other Poft, Shed, Penthoufe, Step, Stair, Bow Window or other projeding Window, Window Shutter, Palifade or any other Encroachment, Projedion or Annoyance, (hall be made, ereded or built againfl, or in the Front or Outfide of any Houfe or other Building within or adjoining to any Street, Square or Place to be made, widened, altered, flopped up or improved by virtue of this Ad, fo as to obftrud the free and commodious Paffage along the Carnage or Foot Ways of the fame, then and in every luch cafe the Owner or Owners of any fuch Houfe or Budding, Sign, Sign Iron, Sign Poft or other Poll, Shed, Penthoufe, Step, Stair, Bow or other projeding Window, Window Shutter, Palifade or other Projedion, Encroachment or Annoyance, which (hall be fo made, ereded or built as aforefaid, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings a Day for every Day fuch Houfe or other Building, Sign, Sign Iron, Sign Poft or other Poft, Shed, Penthoufe, Step, Stair, Bow or other projeding Window, Window Shutter, Palifade or other Encroachment, Projection or Annoyance, (hall continue in fuch Street as is hereinbefore provided againft5 and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad (whether any fuch Penalties or Forfeitures (hall be levied or not) to caufe all fuch Signs, Sign Irons, Sign Pofts, Sheds, Penthoufes, Steps, Stairs, Bow or other preceding Windows, Window Shutters, Palifades and other Encroach-+1	meats*



C. 121.

5”

A.D.1813.	53*	GEO. III.

merits, Projedions and Annoyances, or any of them, to be taken down, removed and taken away.

LVI. And be it further enaded, That in all Adions, Suits, Bills, Plaints, Indidments, Profecutions, Trials or Proceedings at Law, to be had, brought, profecuted or defended in purfu?nce of this Ad, the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad may fue and be fued in the Name of their Secretary appointed for the Purpofes of this Ad, or the Perfon officiating as fuch ; and that no Adion or Profecution to be brought, commenced or defended by or againff the faid Coramif-fioners, or any of them, by virtue of this Ad, in the Name of their Secretary or the Perfon officiating as fuch, (hall abate or be difcon-tinued by the Death or Removal of fuch Secretary, or the Perfon officiating as fuch, or by any Ad of fuch Secretary, or the Perfon officiating as fuch, without the Confent of the faid Commiffioners ; but the Secretary for the time being to the faid Commiffioners, or the Perfon officiating as fuch, (hall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in fuch Adion, as the cafe (hall be: Provided always, that any fuch Secretary, or the Perfon officiating as fuch, in whofe Name any Adion or Suit (hall be commenced, profecuted or defended in purfuance of this Ad, (hall always be re-imburfed and paid out of the Monies to be raifed by virtue of this Ad, all fuch Coils and Charges as by the Event of any fuch Proceedings he (hall be put unto or become chargeable with by reafon of his being fo made Plaintiff or Defendant therein, and alfo the Cods and Charges of profecuting any Indidment or Indidments, or other Proceedings whatfoever which (hall or may be commenced or profecuted againff any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever by the Order of the (aid Commiffioners.

LVII. And be it further enaded, that nothing in this Ad, or m any Mortgage, Contrad or Leafs hereby authorized to be entered into or made by the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad, or any of them, (hall extend to charge the Perfons or Penon of all or any of the Commiffioners executing any fuch Mortgage, Con. trad or Leafe, or the Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators of the fame Commiffioners, or any of them, or their or any of their own proper Lands and Tenements, Goods or Chattels, with or for the Performance of all or any of the Covenants, Conditions or Agreements in the fame Mortgage, Contrad or Leafe contained on the Part of the fame Commiffioners or any of them; but the Amount of all Cods, Charges, Damages and Expences, which (hall or may be recovered in any Suit or Suits at Law or Equity, againff them the (aid Commiffioners, or any of them, or againff their or any of their Heirs, Executors or Adminiffrators, for or by reafon or means of fuch la& mentioned Mortgage, Contrad or Leafe, or the Covenants, Con-ditibns or Agreements therein contained; and alfo all the Cofts, Charges, Damages and Expences which the (aid Commiffioners (hall bear* pay, expend or be put to, or which (hall be occafioned to them for or by reafon or means of any fuch Mortgage, Contrad or Agreement, or any Covenant, Condition or Agreement therein contained, or any Adion or Adions, Suit or Suits, to be brought or profecuted by or againff them or any of them thereupon, (hall refpedively be paid and difeharged by and out of the Monies t* bo raifed, anfe or be received by virtue of this Ad.

LVHI. And

Commiffionert may file and be fued in Name of Secretary,

CommHfionerc exempted from I’erfonal Re-fponfibility.

 L»ooQle

5ia

Mortgages and other Deeds exempted from Sump Duty.

Deeds enrolled in Office of Au-* ditor of Land Revenues.

Materials, See, vefted in Com-tfiiffientrs.

Commiffioners to caufe Ad ions to be brought for Breach of Contrails.

C. 121 •	53cGEO.III.	A.D.1813.

LVIII. And be it further enafted, That no Mortgage or other Security, Contraft, Conveyance, Deed of Exchange, Leafe or other Inftrument, which (hall be made, granted, entered into or executed by the Commiffioners for executing this Aft, under any of the Powers or Authorities hereby granted, nor any Contrafts or Agreements, Deeds or Conveyances, which (hall be made, entered into or executed by any other Perfon or Perfons to or with them, for any of the Purpofes of this Aft, (hall be fubjeft or liable to any Stamp Duty whatfoever impofed by any Aft or Afts of Parliament sow in force, nor to any Stamp Duty to be impofed by any future Aft or Afts of Parliament, unlefs fuch Inllruments be fpecially fubiefted and fpecifically charged in and by fuch future Aft or Acts of Parliament.

LIX. And be it further enafted. That every Contraft, Mortgage or other Security, Conveyance, Leafe or Deed, whereby any of the Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments hereby authorized to be mortgaged, purchafed, fold, exchanged, leafed or demifed, (hall be fo purchafed or agreed to be purchafed, or (hall be fo fold, exchanged, leafed or demiled, (hall be enrolled in the Office of the Auditor of His Majefty’s Land Revenues, on Payment of the ufual Fees for fuch Enrolment, and a Minute or Docket thereof (hall be entered and preserved in the Office of the faid Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues ; and tbit every fuch Contraft, Mortgage or other Security, Conveyance, Leafe or Deed when fo enrolled and entered, (hall, without any other Enrolment or Regiftry thereof, be as good and available in Law, and of the like force and effeft, in all refpefts as if the lame had been enrolled in any of His Majefty’s Courts at Weftwk* fier% or as if a Memorial had been entered or regiftered in the Office appointed for regiftering Deeds and other Conveyances of Lands and Tenements in the County of Mtddlefex ; any Aft of Parliament, Law, Praftice or Ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

LX. A nd be it further enafted. That the Right and Property of all and every the Gates, Bars, Pods, Rails, Sheds, Carts, Engines, Materials for Paving, Implements, Utenfils and Things what-foever, which may be erefted and fet up or provided by the fiid Commiffioners for executing this Aft» or by their Order, or other-wife belonging to and ufed by them for carrying the Purpofes of this Aft into Execution, (hall be veiled in the faid Commiffioners; and they are hereby authorized and empowered to difpofe of and apply the fame for the Purpofes of this Aft, as they (hall think fit, and to bring any Aftion or Aftions, and to prefer and profecute with Effeft any Bill or Bills of Indiftment again (I any Perfon or Pcrfooi who (hall (leal, fecrete, injure, damage or difpofe of the fame, or any of them refpeftively, to their own Ufe and Ufes, or (hall difturb them the faid Commiffioners or their Officers, or other Perfons ading under them, in the Poffeffion thereof.

LXI. And be it further enafted, That in cafe all or any of the Works to be done in purfuance of this Aft (hall not be well sod fufficiently performed according to the Intent and Meaqing of any Contraft or Contrafts to be entered into by the faid Commiffioners for executing this Aft, for the Purpofes thereof, or (hall not be completed within the .time or times fpecified in fuch Contrad or Contrafts, then and in every fuch cafe the (aid Commiffioners mav





5*3

AJD.i8i3*	53°GEO.	III.	C.m.

caufc an A&ion to be brought in any of His Majefty** Courts of Law at Wcjlmxnfter again ft any fuch Contractor or Contractors, for any Penalty contained in his Contract, and on Proof of the figning of the faid ContraCt and Non-performance thereof at the time or times for that Purpofe to be therein mentioned, the faid Comraif-fioners (hall be entitled to and (hall recover the foil Penalty contained in any fuch ContraCt; any Law, Cuftom pr Ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding; which Penalty, when recovered, (hall be applied to the Purpofes of this ACt: Provided always, that it Commiffiontfs (hall be lawful for the faid Commiilioners, if they think fit, but "“J compound with fuch Confent and Approbation as aforef&id, to compound and Brefc^of ConT agree with any fuch CoutraCtor, for any Penalty incurred by trg&f. him for the Breach or Non-performance of any fuch ContraCt for fuch Sum of Money as the faid Commiffioners (hall think proper, not being lefs than the Injuty or Damage fuftained by the Breach or Non-performance of fuch ContraCt, and all Cofts, Charges and Expences which (hall be occafioned thereby.

LXII. And be it further enaCted, That if any Perfon or Per- Aflaulting Tons (hall affault, interrupt, hinder or difturb any Perfon or Per- officeni*c« fons whomfoever, employed by the faid Commiilioners, in the Execution of any Part of tnis ACt, every fuch Perfon (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds. Ptmlty.

LX III. And be it further enaCted, That if any Perfon or Per- Securing fons (hall wilfully break, throw down, deface or damage any of the Oftadsrs.

Bars, Polls, Rails, Sheds, Carts, Engines, Materials for Paving,

Implements, Utenfils or other Things whatfoever which (hall be the Property of or ufed by or under the Orders or Directions of the faid Commiilioners for executing this ACt, in making and completing, or for the Purpofes of the (aid Alterations ana Improvements, it (hall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever who (hall fee fuch Offence committed, to apprehend, and alfo for any other Perfon or Perfons to affift in apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Ad, and without any other Warrant, to caufe him, her or them to be conveyed before fome Juftice of the Peace for the faid County of Middlefe*, and fuch Juftice (hail proceed to examine upon Oath any Witnefs or Witneffes who (hall appear or be produced to give Information touching fuch Offence; and if the Party or Parties accufed (hall be convicted of all or any of the Offences aforefaid, either by his, her or their own Confelfion, or upon fuch Information as aforefaid, he, (he or they fo conviCted (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence, to the faid Penalty. Commifiiouers for executing this Ad, a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, and (hall alfo make Satisfaction to the laid Com-miffioners, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall appoint to receive the fame, for the Damage fo by him, her or them done as aforefaid ; and in cafe fuch Offender or Offenders (hall not, upon Convi&ion, pay fuch Forfeitures and make Satisfa&ion as aforefaid, fuch Juftices are hereby required to commit him, her or them to the neareft Bridewell or Houfe of Corredion for the faid County of Impnfonmenr, Middli/e*, there to be kept to Hard Labour for any Space of time not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and fuch Offender or Offenders (hall not be difeharged • before the Expiration of the time for which he, (he or they (hall have been fo committed, unlefs fuch Penalty or Forfeiture and Satisfadion (haB be (boner paid or given.

S3 G«o. III.	L1	LXIV.	And



5*4

C.I2I.

53® GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

Penalties and Forfeitures how recovered and applied.

Impiii'onmeut.

Informer Part of Penalties.

Form of Con-▼id ion.

LXIV. And be it further enaded, That all Penalties, Forfeitures

and Fines hereby inflided or authorized to beimpofed (if the manner of levying and recovering is not herein otherwife dire&ed) (hall upon due Proof of the Offences refpedively before any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offenders (hall be or refide, or the Offences (hall be committed, either by the Confeffion of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more Witnefs or Witneffes, be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of fuch Juiiices, which Warrant fuch Judices are hereby empowered to grant for thofe Purpofes; and the Overplus, after fuch Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and the Charges of fuch Didrefs and Sale, are recovered and dedu&ed, (hall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels; and the Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, when paid or levied (if not otherwife direded to be applied by this Ad) (hall be from time to time applied for the Purpofes of this A&; and in cafe fuf&dent Didrefs (hail not be found, and fuch Penalties and Forfeitures Anil not be forthwith paid, it (hall be lawful for any fuch Judices of the Peace as aforefaid, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to caufe fuch Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of the County or Place wherein the Offence (hall be committed, there to remaiu without Bail or Mainprize for any Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and all reafonable Charges (hall be fooner paid or fatisfied.

LXV. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Juft ices from time to time, if they (hall fee caufe, to adjudge that the faid Commiflioners for executing this Ad /hall pay and apply fuch Part of the faid Penalties and Forfeitures, or any of them, as they the faid Juftices (hall think fit, to and for the Ufe of the Informer or Informers, or any Perfon or Perfons (not being a Witnefs or Witneffes) taking, feizing or aAiffing therein, or any of them; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftand-ing.

LXVI. And, for the more eafy and fpeedy Conviction of Offenders again (I this Ad, be it further enaded, That all and every the Jufticc or Juftices of the Peace before whom any Perfon or Perfons (hall be convided of any Offence againft this Ad, (hall and may caufe the Convidion to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effed, as the cafe (hall happen; that is to fay,

1 D E it remembered, That on the	Day	of

*	in	the Year of our Lord

*	A. B is convided before C. D. One [of f Two, as tht cafe may be,] of the Juftices of the Peace for the County ‘ of Middlefex* [fp^ifying the Offence, and Time and Place when and 4 where the fame was committed* as the cafe may At,] contrary to the € Form of the Statute made in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of

* His Majefty King George the Third, intituled An AS [Am jot

*	forth the Title of this AS] ; and I [or, wej do adjudge that he

4 hath therefore forfeited the Sum of	[Am	infert

4 the Penalty*] or (hall be committed to [Place of Imprtfonsaeni] 4 for the Space of [Time of Imprifoument]. Given under my Hand

« and



4 and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year firft above 4 written.*

LXVII. Provided always, and be it enaded, That the faid Com- Ccrnimiflioner* miffloners for executing this Ad (hall from time to time render and give to render ait an Account to the faid Lord High Treafurer, or to the faid Com- £cc0J?m 10 miffionert for executing the faid Office of Lord High Treafurer, of Tr#“ur7* the Amount of all Monies which (hall be railed or received by the faid Commiflioners for executing this Ad, by Sale or Mortgage, or by the Rents and Profits of any Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Rents or Hereditaments hereby authorized to be mortgaged, fold, demifed or let, or by the Sale of the Materials of any Houfes or Buildings to be pulled down and fold as aforefaid, or by any Penalties, Forfeitures or Fines hereby inflided, or authorized to be impofed, and direded to be paid to the faid Commiflioners, and of all other Monies which (hall be raifed or received by them under or by virtue of the Authority of this Ad, and of the Application of all fuch Monies for the Purpofes of this Ad ; and the (aid Lord High Treafurer, or Commiflioners for executing the faid Office of Lord High Treafurer, or any Three of them, (hall be and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to examine or caufe to be examined every fuch Account, and in cafe they (hall approve thereof, to fignify fuch their Approbation at #the Foot of fuch Account, ligned by the faid Lord High Treafurer, or by the faid Commiflioners for executing the faid Office of Lord High Treafurer, or any Three or more of them, and to tranfmit and return the fame fo approved, to the faid Commiflioners for executing this Ad; and every Account fo approved and figned as aforefaid, (hall be a full and fufficient Discharge to the faid Commiflioners for executing this Ad, from or on Account of all fuch Sums of Money as (haS be mentioned in fuch Account, and for the Expenditure and Application thereof $ and the faid Commiflioners for executing this Ad (hall not be compelled or compellable to give or render any further or other Account of any fuch Money, or of the Expenditure or Application thereof $ any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwitnftanding.

LXVIII. And be it further enaded, That when any Diftrefs p»ftrefsnot un-(hall be made by virtue of thin Aft, the Diftrefs itfelf (hall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the fame be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaflers on account of any Defed or want of Form in the Summons, Convidion, Warrant of Diftrefs, or in the Appointment of the Colledor or Colledors, Surveyor or Surveyors, or in any Proceeding relating thereto; nor (hall the faid Party or Parties be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaflers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which (hall happen to be done in making the faid Diftrefs, but the Party or Parties aggrieved by fuch Irregularity (hall and may recover full Satisfadion for the fpecial Damage which he, (he or they (hall have fuftaihed thereby, with ufual Coils, and no more, in an Adion of Trefpafs or on the Cafe, at the Eledion of the Party or Parties fo aggrieved.

LXIX. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons Appeal.

(hall think himfelf, herfelf or themfelves aggrieved by any thing donfe in puffuance of this Ad, and for which no particular mode of Relief hath been already appointed, fuch Perfon or Perfons may appeal tt> the Juftices of the Peace at their General Quarter Seffions to bfe holdea for the faid County of Middlcfcx} or the City or Liberty of

Liz	Weftminjler

C.I2I.

5'5



C.iar*

S*«

53* GEO. HI.	A.D.1813^

Weftmnjttr (as the cafe may be), within Three Calendar Months next after fuch caufe of Complaint (hall arife, unlefs the fame fhall arife within Ten Days preceding fuch Seffions, ini which cafe fuch Appeal may be brought at the Second Seffions after fuch cafe (hall anfe; and the faid Juftices are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine fuch Complaint Penalties may	or Complaints; and (hall	and may, if they fee Caufe» by Order of

fco mitigated.	fuch Seffion, mitigate at	their Difcretion all or any Part of the

Penalties or Forfeitures laid upon or incurred by the Party or Parties Complaining, or vacate or let afide the Convi&ion or Convi&ions, and fet the Parties at Liberty, or otherwife may ratify or confirm the fame, with fuch Cofts as to them in their Difcretion (hall feetn reasonable $ and to levy by their	Order or Warrant, fuch Cofts fo awarded*

by Diftrefs and Sale of	the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or

Perfons who (hall refufe to pay the fame ; and for want of fufficient Impnfaunti*. Diftrefs to commit fuch Perfon or Perfons to fome Common Gaol in or for the faid County of Middlefcx, for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until Payment of fuch Cofts : Provided always, that the Perfon or Perfons fo appealing as aforefaid (hall, and ne, (he or they are hereby required to give Notice in Writing to the Secretary to the faid Commifiioners for executing this Aft, or the Perfon officiating as fuch, of fuch his, her or their Intention of bringing or profecuting fuch Appeal Ten Days before the (aid Quarter Seffions, and (hall, before fuch Notice given, enter into a Recognizance before One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Middlefcx, or City or Liberty of Wcjhmmfler, with Two fufficient Sureties, in the Sum of Fifty Pounds each* with Condition to profecute fuch Appeal, and to pay all Cofts, in cafe fuch Appeal be determined againft the Party or Parties fo appealing* Perjury,	LXX. And be it further ena&ed, That all Perfons who, in any

Examination to be taken upon Oath by virtue of this A£k, (hall wilfully give falfe Evidence, or otherwife forfwear themfelves before any fuch Jury as aforefaid, or before any Juftice of the Peace afting as fuch in the Execution of this Ad, (hall and may be profecuted for the fame[; and upon Convidion thereof, (hall be fubjed and liable to fuch and the fame Pains and Penalties as Perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt Peijury are by the Laws in being fubjed and liable to.

4 LXXI. And whereas His Majefty is feifed of or entitled to 4 certain Pieces or Plots of Ground, fituate in the faid Pariffi of Saint 4 Mary le Bone and in the Pariffi of Saint Pancras in the County 4 of Middlefcx, containing in the Whole Five hundred and forty-three 4 Acres, lying to the North of the Line of the faid intended new < Street ; and which Park abuts in Part towards the North upon an 4 Eftate of the Duke of Portland called The Primrofe Hill Eftate, 4 and towards the South upon Portland*Place and other Streets 4 forming other Parts of the faid Duke’s Eftates : And whereas 4 certain Circufies, Streets, Squares, Terraces and other public 4 Paffages and Places are now forming and making, and others are 4 about to be formed and made in the (aid Park called Mary le Bom 4 Pari, and the immediate Communication between the Line of the 4 faid intended New Street and the faid Park, is at prefent intercepted • by a Fence or Railing placed acrofs the (aid Street called Portland 4 Place, from Eaft to Weft, at the Northern Extremity thereof, im» 4 mediately adjoining the Southern Boundary of the (aid Park ; And

4 whereas

 LjOOQle

C. III

5*7

9 whereas the public Convenience would be much promoted, if a

*	dircd Communication was opened from the North End of the faid 9 intended new Street through the faid Street called Portland Place 9 into the faid Park, and if1 Communication were alfb opened from

*	a certain Street called Harley Street into the (aid Park $ and the

*	(aid Duke hath confented that fuch Communications (hall be opened 4 and made under the Reftri&ions, Conditions and Regulations here-

9 inafter contained ;* Be it therefore enaded, That Iron Gates (hall Pwdind PUct

be forthwith ereded, under the Dire&ions of the Commiffioncrs of

His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, for the time UIUj«rwruin

being, at the Expence of The Crown, between the faid Street called Regulations and

Portland Place9 and the New Road, and between the (aid Street Reftri&ons.

called Harley Street, and the New Road refpedively; and that

Lodges (hall be ereded near or adjoining to the laid Gates, and fuch

Lodges (hall be fo conftruded as not to annoy or incommode the

Tenants or Inhabitants of the adjacent Buildings by their Smoke or

otherwife ; and that Porters to be nominated by the faid Cora-

miffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, for

the time being, by and with the Content and Approbation of the

Lords Commiffioncrs of His Majefty’s Treafury, tor the time being,

or any Three or more of them, with proper or adequate Salaries, to

be paid out of the Land Revenues of The Crown, (nail be from time

to time provided and appointed to attend the faid Gates by Day

and others by Night ; and that when and as foon as fuch Gates and

Lodges are ereded, and fuch Porters appointed to attend them, as

above mentioned, and the Roads round the Northern and Eaftern

Boundary of the faid Park (hall be completed and opened, the feveral

Fences or Railings now placed acrofs the faid Streets called Portland

Place and Harley Street refpedively, (hall be removed, and that from

thenceforth for ever thereafter the faid Street called Portland Place,

andalfothe faid Street called Harley Street, (hall be open at all times

to all His Majefty’s Subjeds, to pafs and repafs along the fame, to

and horn the (aid intended new Street into and from the (aid Park,

on Foot and on Horfeback ; and that all Carriages and Cattle (fave

and except Stage Coaches, Mail Coaches, Hearfes, Waggons, Carts,

Drays, or other Vehicles for the Carriage of Goods, Merchandize,

Manure, Soil or other Articles, or Oxeu, Cows, Horfes or Sheep in any Drove or Droves,} (hall have the like Liberty to pafs and repafs at all times along the laid laft mentioned Streets.

LXXII. And be it further enaded. That it (hall be the Duty Porters removt of the (aid Porters fo to be appointed as aforefaid, to prevent the for of raffing or repaffing of any of the faid excepted Carriages, or other Things hereinbefore excepted, through either of the faid Gates ; and that any fuch Porters (hall be removed from time to time in cafe any Complaint of Negled of Duty (hall be alleged againft them by the (aid Duke or bis Heirs; or if the (aid Commiffioncrs or the hud Commiffioncrs of the Treafury (hall think fit to remove them for any other Caufe, and other proper Perfons (hall be thereupon appointed in manner aforefaid in their Stead.

LXXIII. And be it further enaded, That the Road now forming Roads mads a* and granted to the Veftrymen of Saint Mary le Bone9 round the b Bans Weftern Side of the (aid Park called Mary le Bone Park9 (hall be Parit* continued and formed under the Diredion of the Commiffioncrs of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, for the time:

L 1 1	being.



51®	C,m.	53'GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

Duke of Portland and hit Tenants to have Ul'e of fuch Roads.

Expence of making Roads.

Avenues or

Openings pre-ferved.

Gates and Lodges ere&td.

being, round the North Boundary of the faid Park, adjacent to tbe Southern Boundary of the faid Duke’s Eftate called Primrofe Hill, fo as to join the Road or intended Road called Britannia Lane> leading into the Hampjlcad Road at the Point where fuch Lane adjoins or it intended to join the faid Park ; and that the Road now forming in Continuation of Great Portland Street, along the Eaft Side of the (aid Park, (hall alfo be continued and formed and completed by and under the Dire&ion of the faid lad mentioned Commimoners, of the fame Width as the faid Street, until it meets the faid Road fo to be formed along the Northern Boundary of the faid Park at its faid Entrance into Britannia Lane as aforefaid ; and the fame (hall become Public Roads.

LXXIV. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Duke and his Tenants, and all other Perfons whomfoever, (hall at all times have fuch and the like Accefs to and Ufe of the Roads to be made in and through the faid Park as are hereinbefore provided and given to the Public, along the faid Streets called Portland Place and Harley Strut aforefaid, and under fuch and the like Regulations and Reftrittioni as are hereinbefore provided in regard thereto.

LXXV. And be it further ena&ed. That that Part of the faid Road which is to be made along the Northern Part of the faid Park from the Burial Ground towards the Eaft, fo far as it extends along or oppofite to the Eftate of the faid Duke called Primrofe Hilly (hall be made and formed at the joint Expence of The Crown and of the faid Duke and his Heirs, or the Owners or Proprietors of the faid Primrofe Hill EJlate for the time being, and that the Remainder of the faid Roads (hall be made and formed at tbe Expence of The Crown.

LXXVI. And be it further ena&ed, That an Avenue or Opening extending One hundred and twenty five Feet in Width from Eaft to Weft in the Northern Boundary of and through the faid Park oppofite to the Center or thereabouts of the faid Eftate called Primrofe HM EJlate> (hall be at all times and for ever hereafter preferved and kept uninterrupted by Buildings, Erections, Plantations or other Obftruc-tions to the View of any kind, and that a like or correfponding Opening of One hundred and twenty five Feet in Width immediately oppofite thereto, and extending from Eaft to Weft, through the (aid Duke’s Eftate called The Primrofe Hill EJlate, (hall at all times for ever hereafter be preferved and in like manner kept uninterrupted by any Buildings, Eredlions, Plantations or other Obftru&ions to the View of any kind, and that no clofe Fence (hall be hereafter fet up on either Eftate to obftru& the faid Opening.

LXXVII. And, to the end that a Communication may be opened and at all times hereafter preferved between the Eftate of the (aid Duke, fituate to the South of the faid New Road, and the (aid Eftate called The Primrofe Hill EJlatey through the faid Park, under fuch and the like Reftri&ions as are hereinbefore eftablilhed, in regard to the Communication fo as aforefaid, to be opened between the faid intended New Street and the faid Park, be it further enacted, That Gates and Lodges (hall be ere&ed, and at all times hereafter kept up and preferved under the Dire&ion of the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues on the North Side of the faid New Road, oppofite to thofe fo as aforefaid to be erefled between Portland Place and tbe faid New Road ; and that other Gates

and

 v^.ooQle

5*9

A.D.i8i3-	53®GEO.IIL	C.121.

mud Lodges (hall be in like manner ere&ed, and at all times hereafter preferred under the like Dire&ion of the faid Commiffioners, at the Northern Boundary of the faid Park, acrofs the Avenue or Opening fo to be left a0 aforefaid, upon the Line which divides the faid Park from the faid intended public Road adjoining the faid Primrofe Hill Eftate, and that proper Porters (hall be provided to attend all the faid Gates at all times; and that a Bridge (hall be ere&ed over and acrofs the intended Canal called The Regent’s Canal, at the Point at which it will interfedt the faid Avenue or Opening, of fufticient Width to admit the Paflage of Carriages ; and that all fuch Gates,

Lodges and Bridge (hall be ere&ed and made, and (or ever thereafter maintained and fupported, and the faid Porters (hall be provided and paid by and at the Expence of The Crown ; and that the faid Duke and his Tenants, and all other Perfons whomfoevcr, (hall at all times have fuch and the like Accefs by and through the faid Gates into, through and from the faid Parkas is hereinbefore provided, and given to the Public, from the faid intended New Street through Portland Place and Harley Street aforefaid, into and from the faia Park, by and through the faid Gates fo to be ere&ed between the faid laft mentioned Streets and the faid Road called The New Road as aforefaid ; and that fuch Gates, Lodges and Bridge (hall be ere&ed, and fuch Porters appointed to attend the faid Gates, before the Fences or Railings now placed acrofs the faid Streets called Portland Plate and Harley Street (hall be removed.

LXXVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That all the Houfes and Houfei in Con-Buildings to be ereAed in the faid Park called Alary le Bone Parity tinuation of in Continuation Northward of the Streets called Portland Plate and Portland Place Harley Street, (hall be of as high a Rate or Clafs of Building, and ind as good in all refpeAs as the Houfes or Buildings now ere&ed in the Mreet* ate 0 * faid Streets called Portland Place and Harley Street refpeAively are ; and that no new Building whatfoever (hall be ere&ed in Harley Field, or in the faid Park, in the Line of either of the faid Streets called Portland Place and Harley Street, fo as to interrupt the PafTage of the faid intended Streets, or the View along the fame.

4 LXXIX. And whereas the Houles, Streets, Squares, Paflages 4 and Places through which the propofcd Alterations and Improve-4 ments are to be made and carried by virtue of this AA, are at 4 prefent drained by means of a Sewer, called The King’s Scholars’

4 Pond Sewer; and fuch Sewer is incapable of fupplying a proper 4 Drainage for any additional Buildings : And whereas a great 4 Increafe of Houfes, Streets and Buildings is now making, and is * about to be made upon the Eftate of The Crown, called Mary le 4 Bone Parky all which will have r.o other Drainage than fuch in-4 fufficient Sewer, unlefs a new Sewer be conftruAcd and made to re-4 ceive fuch additional Drainage : And whereas the principal Street 4 to be made in puriuance of this AA will communicate with the 4 faid Park, and will afford Facility for the making a Sewer to extend 4 from the faid Park to Charing Crofs and from thence to the River 4 Thames ; and it will tend to relieve the faid infufficient Drain, and 1 be of great public Utility, if a new Sewer be made to drain the faid 4 Park, and the Houfes and Buildings ereAing and to be ereAed 4 therein, and alfo the Streets, Squares, Paflages and Places described 4 in the aforefaid Map or Plan, and intended to be made, formed,

4 cre&ed and improved in purfuance of this A A; but inafmuch as L I 4	1	fuch





C. 121,

520

53° geo. nr.	A.D.1813.

Power to make a new Sewer.

Prorifo.

Commiflioners empowered to borrow Money for making Sewer*.

* fuch new Drain cannot be made without great Expence, and will 4 principally be appropriated to the draining of the Eftate of The 4 Crown, it is expedient that the Expence of making and repairing 4 fuch new Sewer Ihould be defrayed in manner hereinafter mentioned, 4 and that the fame (hould be put under the Survey, Dirtdion and 4 Management of Perfons to be authorized and appointed in manner 4 hereinafter mentionedBe it therefore ena&ed, That a new Sewer, Drain or Watercourfe, to extend from the South End of Mary It Bout Park at or near Portland Place, under the Street called Portland Plactf along the whole Line of the principal New Street to be made and formed in purfuance of this Ad unto Charing Croft, and from thence along the public Street to Scotland Tardy into the Riser Thames, at a Place at or near the Lime Wharf, (hall be formed by fuch Perfon or Perfons as the Commiflioners for executing this Ad (hall from time to time authorize and appoint by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals ; which faid Perfons fo to be authorized and appointed as aforefaid, or any Three or more of them, (hall have full Power and Authority to make and form any Drains, Watercourfes or Communications from any Part or Parts of the faid Park called Mary le Bone Parky or from any Houfes or Buildings creded or to be ereded therein ; and alfo from any of the Streets, Squares, Ways, Paflages and Places through which any of the pro-pored Alterations or Improvements are intended to be made in pur* luance of this Ad, and which are mentioned and defcribed in tbe laid Map or Plan, or from any Houfes or Buildings ereded or to be ereded within the Limits mentioned and defcnbed on the laid Map or Plan, or of the Deviation thereupon hereby allowed to carry off or drain the Water from all or any of the faid Houfes, Buildings, Streets or Places into the faid Principal or Common Sewer to be made as aforefaid, and for thofe Purpofes or any of them, to Hop up, divert or alter any Sewers, Drains, Tunnels or Watercourfes, which may be found in making the faid new Sewer, and which may crofs the Line of fuch new Sewer, or which may (in tbe Judgment of the Perfons fo to be authorized and appointed as afore-faid, or any Three or more of them) be neceffary or expedient to be (lopped up, diverted or altered for the Purpofes aforefaid or any of them : Provided always, that all Damage which may be dooe by means of flopping up, diverting or altering any fuch Drains, Tunnels or Watercourfes, (hall be made good by the Commiflioners under this A& out of the Monies raifed by virtue thereof.

LXXX. And, in order to enable the faid Perfons fo to be authorized and appointed as aforefaid, or any Three or more of them, to form and make fuch new Sewers, Watercourfes and Drains, and to keep the fame in Repair, be it further ena&ed, That it (ball and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners for executing tbit A6t, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the faid Lord High Treafurer, or of the Commiflioners for executing the laid Office of the Lord High Treafurer, or any Three or more of them, and notwithflanding any Provifions, Reftri&ions or Claufes contained in any A61 or A&s of Parliament relating to His Majeily’s Land Revenue, to borrow and take up at Intereft, from time to time, fuck Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One hundred thoufand Pounds, over and above any other Sum or Sums of Money hereby authorized to be fo borrowed and taken up, which

thef





530 GEO. HI.

C.I2I*

521

they the (aid CommiffionerB, with fneb Confent and Approbation at aforefaid, (hall judge necefiary and expedient for thofe Purpofesj aad for fecuring the Repayment thereof, in fuch manner and form and by fuch means as hereinbefore mentioned, to grant, demife or mortgage any Part or Parts which to them (hall leem fit, of the Houles, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments herein* before authorized to be mortgaged for raifing Money for the other Parpofes of this Aft, fo as the fame Premifes be not included in any prior fubfifting Mortgage which (hall be made in purfuance of tins Aft, and to iflue and apply the Money fo to be raifed from time to time, as they (hall fee Occafion, in or towards defraying the Expences of forming, making and repairing fuch new Sewers, Drains and Wydraughts.

LXXXI. And be it further enafted, That, in order to repay the Power to m»kr Monies fo to be raifed and applied, and the Intereft of the Monies fo *****10 &efnJ to be borrowed as lafl aforefaid, and to defray the Expences of making and keeping in Repair fuch new Sewers, Drains and Wydraughts as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Perfons fo to be authorized and appointed as aforefaid, or any Three or more of them, to make any Rate or Rates, Afiefiment or Afieflinents, by an equal Pound Rate from time to time, as they (hall fee Occafion, upon the Owners, Proprietors or Occupiers of any Houfes, Buildings or Lands, fituate in Mary le Bone Park aforefaid, or in any of the Streets, Squares, Ways, Pafiages or Places within the Limits mentioned and described in the faid Map or Plan and Book of Reference, or any fuch Deviation therefrom as aforefaid, who (hall ufe the faid intended new Sewers, Drains or Wydraughts, and by any Precepts or Warrants under their Hands to authorize or empower any Perfon or Perfons to colleft the fame from time to time, and to make or allow to every fuch Colleftor a reafonable Compen* iation or Salary for his Trouble, out of fuch Rates or AfiefTments.

LXXXII. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enafted, That Rated under no Perfon paying to the Rate or Afiefiment direfted to be raifed and Ad, not fuh£d| collected by virtue of this Aft, (hall, during the Continuance of the l° any ,^er Payment of fuch Rate or AfTefiment, be fubjeft or liable to the werl RaU* Payment of any other Sewer Rate or Afiefiment, in refpeft of the Premifes for which he or (he (hall be rated or afiefied under or bT ▼irtue of this Aft.

LXXX1II. Provided neverthelefs, and be it enafted* That nothing Rates coDefted herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to prevent the prefent from Houles not Com mi Hi oners of Sewers, fo long as the prefent Commifiion (hall. w*dira Park, continue in force, from afleffing upon or collefting from the Owners,	**

Proprietors or Occupiers of any Houfes, Buildings or Lands within miflioners eh their feveral Di ft rifts (other than and except thofe fituate in Mary U chough Drain-Bone Park aforefaid, or in any of the Streets, Squares, Ways, ige performed Pafiages or Places within the Limits mentioned and described in the ty Mw Sew«r* (aid Map or Plan and Book of Reference, or of the Deviation hereby allowed) all fuch Rates or Afleflments as might or could have been aflefled upon or collefted from any fuch Owners, Proprietors or Occupiers, if the Drainage of fuch Houfes, Buildings or Lands had continued to be performed by the prefent Commifiioners of Sewers, notwithftanding fuch Drainage may hereafter be received into, or wholly or partly performed by the (aid intended new Sewer.

LXXXIV. And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Perfon Rstei levied by or Perfons who (hall be liable to the Payment of any fuch Rate or D*(lre<k

Afiefiment





C. 121.

New Sewer under Survey of Perfons appointed for making lame.

New Sewer not to ol>ftruft Streams or Feeders flowing into prelent Sewer.

53® GEO. III.	A.D.1J13.

Afleflment as aforefaid, {hall negled or refufe to pay the fame to any Colledor to be appointed as aforefaid, for the Space of Ten Days after perfonal Demand thereof, or after Demand made by Writing, and left at the ufual or laft Abode of fuch Perfon or Perfons, it (hall and may be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace for the County of Middlefex or the City and Liberty of Weftminfier (ai the cafe may be), upon Proof made before him of any fuch Demand and Nonpayment, and he is hereby required, by Warrant under his Hind and Seal, to authorize and direct tne faid Colledor, to levy fuch Rate or Afleflment, or fo much thereof as lhall be in Arrear, together with the Cofts and Charges attending the levying the fame (fo to be afcertained by fuch Juilice) by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons fo refufmg or neglecting to pay the fame as aforefaid, rendering the Overplus thereof (if any) to the Owner of fuch Goods and Chattels on Demand.

LXXXV. And be it further enaded, That all the Sewers, Drain! and Watercourfes to be hereafter made within the faid Park called Mary le Bone Park (fave and except the faid Sewer called Kitf'i Scholars9 Pond Sewer), or within any of the Limits defcribed in the faid intended Map or Plan, and Book of Reference, or foch Deviation therefrom as aforefaid, (hall be under the foie Management, Survey, Controul and Direction of the faid Perfons, to be authorixed and appointed as aforefaid, or any Three or more of them, and of no other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever 5 and that fuch Perfon or Perfons fo to be authorized and appointed as aforefaid, or any Three or more of them, (hall have full Power and Authority by virtue of this Ad, within the Limits hereinbefore defcribed, from time to time » they (hall fee Occafion, to widen, deepen, embank, alter, ameod, clcanfe and fcour all fuch Sewers, Drains or Watercourfes, and to caufe to be removed and taken away any Nuifances in the fame, and to alter and divert the Courfe of the Water in any of the faid Streets or other Places made or to be made within the Limits hereinbefore defcribed, as they (hall from time to time think necellary or expedient for effeding the faid Drainage, or for any other Purpofei neceflary or incident thereto, and that all fuch Sewers, Drains and Watercourfes (hall be fnbjed to the foie Survey, Controul, Order and Diredion of the faid rerfons fo to be authorized and appointed as aforefaid, or any Three or more of them, their Surveyors and Officers, in fuch and the like manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame had been exprefsly direded by any of the cxifting Statutes of Sewers to be under their Survey and Authority, or as if fuch Perfons had been exprefsly named and appointed Commillionm of‘Sewers within the Limits aforefaid by any Statutes of Sewers, or Commiflion or Commiflion9 of Sewers; any thing contained in any exifting Commiflion or Commiflions of Sewers, or in any Statute or Law to the contrary in any wife notwithflanding: Provided always that nothing in this Ad contained (hall authorixe or empower any Perfon or Perfons fo to conftrud any fuch Sewen, Drains or Watercourfes, as to interrupt, divert or obftrud the Courfe of any Stream or Feeder which flows and has heretofore flowed into the faid Sewer called King's Scholars' Pond Sewer ; fave only and except fo far as the Water flowing or proceeding from any of the Houfcs, Buildings, Streets, Squares, Ways, Paflages or Placet, Lands or Premilcs hereby authorized to be drained, (hall neceflanly be diverted by means of fuch new Sewers, Drains or Watercourfes.

iz	LXXXV1.	And

 v^ooqLc

C. 121.

A.D.1813.	530	GEO.	III.

S23

LXXXVI. And be it further enaded, That the Buildings ereding Certain Drain* or to be eredled in the faid Park, or in the faid intended New Street, t«be ufed (hall not be permitted to drain into any of the Sewers now exifting on the Eftate of the faid Duke, fituate between Great Portland Street on Conient. the Eaft, and High Street and Mary le Bone Lane on the Weft, without the Confent of the faid Duke in Writing for that Purpofe had and obtained by the faid Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods,

Forefta and Land Revenues, and enrolled in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue.

LXXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That imitation of no Adion or Suit (hall be commenced or brought againft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this Ad, until Twenty eight Days Notice (hall be thereof given to the Secretary, or the Perfon officiating as fuch, to the faid Commiffioners for executing this Ad, nor after a fufficient Satisfadion or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party aggrieved, nor after Three Calendar Mouths next after the Fad committed; and every Adion or Suit (hall be hid, brought and tried in the faid County of Middlefetc, and not General HTue. elfcwhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch Adion or Suit may, at his, her or their Eledion, plead fpecially or the General Iffue, and give this Ad or the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame wa9 done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Ad; and if the fame (hall appear to be fo done, or if fuch Adion or Suit (hall be brought before Twenty eight Days Notice thereof (hall be given as aforefaid, or after fufficient Satisfadion made or tendered as aforefaid, or after the time limited for bringing the fame as aforefajd, or fhall be brought in any other County than the faid County of Middlcfex, then the Jury (hall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon fuch Verdid, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall be nonfuited, or dif-continue his, her or their Adion or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants (hall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment (hall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants (hall recover Treble Cofts, and (hall have fuch Remedy Treble Coft*, for recovering the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for his, her or their Cofts in any other cafes by Law.

SCHEDULES to which this Ad refers.

(A.)

FORM of Contrad or Agreement for a Pur chafe.

Be it known. That A. B. and C. D. Two of the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Lords Commiffioners of His Maiefty’s Treafury, in Exercife of the Powers veiled in them by an Ad, intituled [here infert the Title of this A3], do by thefe Prefents, on behalf of His Maiefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, contrad and agree to purchafe and buy of E. F. of

; and the faid

E. F. doth for himfelf [and if at Guardian, Trujlee, or ading for any other Perfon, then fate the CharaBer in which he aBt] contrad and agree to fell and difpofe of unto His faid Majefty, his Heirs and

Succeffors,



C* 12 r•

$24

53° GEO. III.

AJXiftij.

Succeffors, All [deferibe the Parcel*], of all which Premilct the hid [here name the Perfon feifed] is now feifed in Fee Simple [er\f for any other EJlate, deferibe it], free from any Incumbrance whatever [or if fubjeS to any Incumbrance*, Jlate and except them], at or for the Price or Sum of

[here add any fpeeial Forms. Term* or Provifion* refpeding tie Payment, or any Covenant* or Engagement* refp*3ing the Title or Tttlt Deed* which may be requifite or agreed upon.] In Witnefs whereof the faid A. E. C. D. and E. F. hare hereunto fet their Hands and Seals this	Day	of	in	the Year of oar

Lord

(B.)

FORM of Conveyance by the Commtffioner*. 'J'HESE are to witnefs, That in Confederation of the Sum of

paid by X• T. to the Commiffiooen of Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues^ for and on account of His Majefty, A* B. and C. D. Two of the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, being duly authorized by the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treaiury; do, for and on the behalf of His faid Majefty, by thefe Prefeuts grant, bargain and fell unto the faid A. B. his Heirs and Affigns, AU [deferibe the Premifet fold]. To have and to hold the laid Premifes hereby bargained and fold, and all Benefit and Advantage thereto belonging, unto and to the Ufe of the faid A. B. his Heirs and Affigw for ever. In Witnefs whereof the faid A. B. C. D• and X. T. bare hereunto fet their Hands and Seals this	Dsj of

in the Year of	our	Lord

(C.)

FORM of a Deed for an Exchange of Freehold Land* BE it known, That A. B. and C. D. Two of the Commiffionm of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, being duly authorized bv the Lords Commiffioners of His Majtfty’i Treafury in Exercife of the Powers veiled in them by an A & [ben infert the Title of thi* A3], do by thefe Prefents, on behalf of His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, give, grant and convey to X T, his Heirs and Affigns, All [deferibe the Premifet], in Exchange for the Premifes hereinafter granted by the faid A. T. ; and the fad

X.	T. doth by thefe Prefents, for himfelf and his Heirs, by the Dire&ion of the faid Commiffioners of His Majcfty’i Woodi, Forefts and Land Revenues, give, grant and conver unto Hit faid Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, All [deferibe toe Premifet], in Exchange for the laid Premifes hereinbefore granted by the laid A. B. and C. D. : Provided always, that if His faid Majefty, bit Heirs or Succeffors, or the faid X. T. his Heirs or Affigns, (hall at any time without their refpe&ive wilful Default be prided of the fame Premifes hereby refpe&ively given, granted and conveyed to him or them refpe&ively as aforelaid, it fhall be lawful for the Party or Parties fo evicted to enter into the Premifes cootraded by him to be given in Exchange as aforelaid, and to bold and enjoy tbe fame in his or their former Eflate, in the fame manner as if the

Exchange

 boodle

C.I2I.

5*5

A.D.1813.	53°	GEO.	III.

Exchange hereby made had not been made. In Witnefs whereof the faid A. B. C. D. and X. T. have hereunto fet their Hands and Seals tbit	Day	of	in	the	Year	of	our

Lord

(D.)

FORM of Deedfor an Exchange of Leafehold Premifet.

T>E it known, That A. B. and C. D. Two of the Commifiioners of His Majefty’» Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, being duly authorized by the Lords Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Treafury in Exercife of the Powers vetted in them by an Ad, intituled [here hmfert the Title of tbit A8]> do by tbefe Prefents, on behalf of His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflors, give, grant and demife unto XT. his Executors, Adminiftrators and Aligns, for the Term of Years, commencing from the Day next before the Day of the Date of thefe Prefents, All [<defcrihe the Premifet,J in Exchange for the Premifes hereinafter granted by the faid X. T.; and the faid X, T. doth by thefe Prefents, for himfelf, his Executors and Adminiftrators, and by the Dire&ion of the faid Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, give, grant and furrenaer to His faid Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflors, All £defcrib* the Premifet], which are now vetted in him the faid X. T. under a Leafe from	dated	the	Day	of

for a Term of Years of which Years are yet to come and unexpired, in Exchange for the laid Premifes hereinbefore to him granted by the faid Commifiioners* In Witnefs whereof the faid A. B. C. D. and X. T. have hereunto fet their Hands and Seals this	Day	of	in	the

Year of our Lord

(E.)

FORM of Leaft.

THIS INDENTURE, mad* the	Day of

in the Year of Our Lord	,

Between A, B. and C. D, Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues of the one Part, and X. T. of

of the other Part; Witnefieth, That in Confideration of the annual Rent hereinafter referved, and of the Covenants, Conditions, Provifoes and Agreements hereinafter contained, on the part of the (aid X. T. his Heirs, Executors and Adminiftrators, to be paid, obferved, performed and kept, the faid A. B. and C. D. Com-miffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, being duly authorized by the Lords Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, by virtue and in exercife of the Powers and Authorities in them vetted in and by an A&, intituled {here fet forth the Title of thie A8] 9 have, for and on behalf of His faid Majefty, granted', demifed, leafed and to farm letten, and by thefe Prelents do grant, demife, leafe and to farm let, unto the faid X. T. his Executors, Ad-miniftrators and Afiigns, AM [deferibe the PremifetT, To have and to hold the faid Mefliiage or Tenement [or other Premifes] hereby demifed with the Appurtenances unto him the laid X• T. his Executors, Adminiftrators or Aligns, from the

Day

 ooQle

C. I2J, 122.

5*6

53° GEO. III.

AJD.iSij.

Day of	[or	from	the Date of thefe Prefenti, at tlx

cafe may be,] for and during and unto the full End and Term of

Years from thence next enfuing, and fully to be complete and ended: Yielding and paying therefore Yearly and every Year, unto the Commiffioner? for the time being of His Majefty’s Woodi, Forefts and Land Revenues, the yearly Rent or Sum of

(by Half-yearly or Quarterly Payments! : [And a Covenant to be inierted for Payment of the Rent, and all fuch other Covenants, Penalties, Provifoes, Reflriftions and Ageements as (hall be agreed upon between the approving and contrafting Parties:] In Witnefs whereof the faid Parties have hereunto interchangeably fet their Hands and Seals the Day and Year firft above written.

CAP. CXXII.

51 G. 3. c. 67. Deed 16th Feb. 1813.

Letters Patent 25th Feb.

53O.3.

An A£t for confirming the Renunciation made by Sperntr Perceval Efquire of liis Penfions on his taking the Office of a Teller of the-Exchequer.	[10th July 1813.]

WHEREAS His Royal Highnefs the Prince Regent ra the Name and on the behalf of His Majefty, having been pleafed * to (ignify His Pleafure to appoint Spencer Perceval Efquire, Son of 4 the late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval deceafed, to the Office 4 of One of the Tellers of His Majefty’s Exchequer, vacant by the 4 Death of the late Marquis of Buckingham, upon Condition of hu 4 renouncing the Benefit of an Annuity of Two thoufand Pounds per 4 Annum which might eventually become payable to him, and alfo the 4 Benefit of an Annuity of One thoufand Poundsper Annum payable 4 to him, until the faid Annuity of Two thoufand Pounds (hould 4 become payable, which Annuities were fecured to him or for his 4 Benefit as the eldeft Son and Heir Male of the Body of the faid 4 Right Honourable Spencer Perceval deceafed, by an Aft of Par* 4 liament pafled for that and other Purpofes in the Fifty fecond Year 4 of His Majefty’t Reign : And whereas by a certain Inftrutnent in 4 Writing, dated the Sixteenth Day of February, in the Year of 4 Our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, in Confi* 4 deration of fuch Appointment, and in Conformity to His Royal 4 Highnefs’s Pleafure, the faid Spencer Perceval (the Son) did wih 4 the Privity and Approbation of the Honourable Jane Perceval his 4 Mother and Guardian, relinquifh and give up all Benefit of the {aid 4 Two Annuities refpeftively, from the time of hit Appointment to 4 the faid Office, and during fo long time as he (hould receive the 4 Benefit thereof; and did thereby direft that the (aid Annuity of 4 One thoufand Pounds then payable, (hould not be received or 4 demanded for his Benefit from the time of fuch Appointment, snd 4 fo long as he (hould hold the faid Office, and that in cafe the Cud 4 Annuity of Two thoufand Pounds (hould become payable to him or 4 for his Benefit, the fame (hould not be received or demanded, but 4 that fuch Annuities refpeftively (hould ceafe to be payable wheo 4 and fo long as he (hould enjoy the faid Office either to himfelf or 4 for his Benefit: And whereas His Majefty did by Letters Psteot 4 on the Fifteenth Day of February laft, in the Fifty third Year of 4 His Reign, give and grant unto the faid Spencer Perceval the Office 4 of One of the Four Tellers of the Receipt of the Exchequer of 4 Hit Majefty, in the room of the Marquia of Buckingham lately

4 deceafed;



5*7

A.D.1813.	53°GE0. III. .	C.122,	123.

*	deceafed : And whereas the faid Spencer Perceval (the Son) was c under the Age of Twenty one Years at the time of making fuch

*	Writing or Inftrument of Renunciation, and ftill is under fuch

*	Age ; and it may therefore be doubtful whether the fame would be

*	valid and effeftual for the Purpofe propofed to be anfwered thereby Now, for removing fuch Doubts and rendering valid fuch Renuncia-tions May it pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted and declared by the King's Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid Writing, Inftrument Inftromtnt of and Renunciation, notwithftanding the Minority of the faid Spencer R*nuncut>onof. Perceval the Son, at the time of making the fame, is and (hall be as tieV executed W good, valid and effeftual, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the faid spencer Perce-Spencer Perceval had been of the full Age of Twenty one Years at val Efq. a

tne time of making the fame, and that the Grant of the faid Office to Minor, con-the faid Spencer Perceval (hall be as good, valid and effeftual, to all firracd‘

Intents and Purpofes, as the fame would have been if the faid Spencer Perceval had been of the full Age of Twenty one Years at the time of making the faid Writing, Inftrument and Renunciation.

CAP. CXXHI.

An Aft to amend and render more effeftual feveral Afts paffed . for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax.

[12th July 1813.]

*	TT7HEREAS it is expedient that certain of the Provilions of 1 W the feveral Ads paffed and now in force for the Redemp-

*	tion and Sale of the Land Tax fhould be altered and amended, and ‘ that further Provifions ffiould be made for facilitating the Redemp-

*	tion and Sale thereof ;* Be it therefore enaded by the King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That whenever His When prefent Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors, in purfuance of certain Powers Commifficns veiled in His Majefty, by an Ad paffed in the Forty fecond Year determine, of His Reign, for confolidating the Provifions of the feveral Ads

paffed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax into one A3, ffiall Taxes (hall be revoke all or any of the feveral Commiffions granted by Warrant Commifikmcie under the Royal Sign Manual, which authorize the Perfons therein for Sale of itfpedively named to be Commiffioners for the Purpofe of felling X-andTax. the Laud Tax from time to time remaining unredeemed or unfold in 4* G. 3. cn6» Great Britain, or the faid Commiffioners or any of them (hall otherwife ceafe and determine, then and from thenceforth, and until Hit Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors, ffiall by Warrant under His Majefty's Royal Sign Manual grant other Commiffions to any other Perfons whom His Majefty may think fit for the Purpofe of redeeming or felling the Land Tax, and during the Diicontinuance of fuch Commiffions, the Commiffioners for the Affairs of Taxes for thp time being ffiall have and be invefted with, and ffiall exercjfe fuch and the like Powers and Authorities in relation to the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, as by the faid Aft, or by any other Ad paffed for rendering the Redemption and Sale 0/ the Land Tax more effeftual, .or by this Aft^ are given to and yelled in* the

feveral

 CjOOQle

J2*

Two of Com. Bitffioners may

•a.

Preference in Redemption of JLaud T« by 4* O. 3. C.X16. |u. 6x. to Perfons in PoflTeifion, to •safe.

Bodier Politic, Ire. may con-trad for Redemption of Land Tax.

Confideration for Redemption of Land Tax, whether in Stock or Money] transferred or paid by Half-yearly Inftal-menu, he.

C. 123.	53»	GEO. III.	A.D.	1813.

feveral Perfont appointed Commiffioners under the Royal Sign Manual, or to be appointed Commiffioners for executing the find Ads and this Ad; and any Two or more of the Commimoners for the Affairs of Taxes for the time being may, during fuch Dif-continuance, do and execute any Ad, matter or Thing which by this Ad fuch Commiffioners are authorized and empowered to do.

II.	And be it further enaded, That the Powers and Prorifioot contained in the faid Ad of the Forty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, fo far as Bodies Politic and Corporate, and Companies, and Feoffees or Truftees for Charitable or other Public Purpofes, and other Perfons therein mentioned, who (hall be in the adual Poffeffion of, or immediately entitled to the . Rents and Profits of any Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, whereon any Land Tax (hall be charged, and the Committees, Curators, Tutors, Guardians or Truftees of any fuch Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, are by fuch Powers and Provifions enabled to contrad for the Redemption of fuch Land Tax, or any Part thereof, in Preference to any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies or Perfons having any Eftate or Intereft in Remainder or Reverfion or Expedancy, or being Subftitute Heirs of Entail in the feme Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, (ball ceafe and determine ; And that, from and after the paffing of this Ad all and every of the Bodies Politic or Corporate, Companies and Perfons aforelaid, may and they are hereby authorized to contrad for and to redeem fuch Land Tax without Preference to any of them otherwife than by Priority of Contrad; and all fuch of the Powers and Provifions contained in the {aid Ad as apply to the Redemption of the Land Tax by them refpedively, (hall bt coo* ftrued and expounded in the fame manner as if no fuch Benefit of Priority or Preference in the Redemption of Land Tax had been thereby given.

III.	And be it further enaded, That upon all Contrads to be entered into after the paffing of this Ad for the Redemption of any Land Tax in Great Britain, the Confideration for the fame, whether in Stock or in Money, may be ftipulated to be transferred or paid in equal Sums by Half-yearly Inftalments in each Yetr, during the Period ftipulated for the Transfer or Payment thereof, is near as the fame can be computed ; that is to fay, on or before the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Twenty fifth Day of March, in each Year of Affeffment of the Land Tax ; and upon all Contrads to be fo entered into, the Confideration may be ftipulated to be paid wholly in Money (whatever may be the Amount of the Land Tax propofed to be redeemed); and the Amount of the Money to be paid as the Confideration for the Redemption of fuch Land Tax may in fuch cafes either be calculated, fettled and ascertained, according to and in the manner direded by the Ads io force at the time of raffing this Ad, or according to tne Prorifioss contained in this Ad ; and every fuch Contrad, where the Coofi-deration fhall be in Stock, to be afeertained according to the faid Ads in force at the time of paffing this Ad, (hall be made in the Form contained in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, marked [A. No. i/J ; and where the Confideration (hall be in Money, to be afcertained according to the faid Ads, fuch Contrad (hall be made in the Form contained in the Schedule to this Ad, marked

[A, No. *•] i



A.D.f8i3*	J3«GE0.IIL	0.113.

L A. No. 2.] ; and where the Confideration (hall be in Money, to be afcertained according to the Provifions of this Ad and the Rules herein contained, fuch Contrad (hall be made in the Form contained in the Schedule to this Ad, marked [B.j, except in the cafes hereinafter mentioned.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That in every Contrad to be en- Confidential tered into, after the paffing of this Ad, it (hall be lawful to ftipulate rtipuUted to be for the Transfer or Payment of the Confideration within any Period not exceeding Sixteen Years as the Parties (hall choofe, to be com-

{uted from the Twenty fifth Day of March next preceding the sixteen Yea-s;

)ate of the Contrad, by even and equal Sums in each Year, as Period! regu- * near as the fame can be computed ; provided that the Stock to be hted by Amount transferred within any Year (hail not be lefs than One hundred Pounds of Confidential, Principal Stock, nor the Money to be paid within any Year lefs than &c"

Sixty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain $ the Duration of the Contrad to be in each cafe regulated by the Amount of the Confideration thereon ; and where tne Confideration (hall hot amount to One hundred Pounds Stock, or to Sixty Pounds of like lawful Money, the fame (hall be transferred or paid within One Year from the Date of the Contrad. in One Sum, or by Two equal Inftalments, aa (hall be fpecified in the Contrad, except in the cafes hereinafter authorised.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That in evet-y Confideration Contrad entered into after the paffing of this Ad, and before the for Meffuages Twenty fourth Day of June One thouland eight hundred and four* teen, according to the Aflefiment of Land Tax made or to be made one^ourthrf for the Year commencing from the Twenty fifth Da/of March One *D Acft,Uow thoufaod eight hundred and thirteen, for the Redemption of Land calculated.

Tax charged on any Mefluages, Tenements or other Buildings, without any Lands or Grounds held therewith, or on any MefTuagefc,

Tenements or other Buildings, together with any Lands, confimng wholly of Yards, Courts, Curtilages or encloted Gardens, held,

Occupied and charged together with fuch Mefluages, Tenements or ^Buildings, where the Land whereon the faid Mefluages or Buildings fhall (land, and of which the faid Yards, Courts, Curtilages and en-dofed Gardens (hall confift, (hall not exceed in the whole One Fourth Part of a Statute Acre, it (hall be lawful to contrad and agree for the Redemption of fuch Land Tax, for a Confideration in Money, equal in Amount to Eighteen times the Amount of the Land Tax io Contracted to be redeemed, to be paid in one entire Sum, within Three Calendar Months from the Date of the Contrad * and every fuch Contrad (hall be made in the Form, and the Confideration thereof (hall be paid according to the Rules fpecified in the Schedule to this Ad, marked [C.].

VI.	And be it further enaded, That in every Contrad to be Inwhttcj&a entered into after the paffing of this Ad, where the Bodies, Com-names or other Perfons, who, by the faid Ad of the Forty fecond	or«-

Year of His prefent Maiefty, or this Ad, are authorized to contrad	t0’Rent,

for the Redemption of Land Tax, (hall be in the adual Pofleffion mtj contra# f<* of the Tenements or other Hereditaments, or (hall be entitled to Redonpcioi of deceive the Rents and Profits payable in refped thereof from the Land Tbl Tenant or Tenants in adual Pofleffion holding immediately under fuch Bodies, Companies or Perfons refjpedively, and the Land Tax tkarged on fuch Manors, Meffiiages, Lands, Tenements or Heredi-53 Gio. III.	M	m	taments.



JS«

Mo Contrail for Redemption charged on Tenements, fcc. at not coo filling of more than One Fourth of an Acre, unlefs certain Affidavits exhibited.

C- uj.	53*	GEO.	Ill*	AD.1813

laments, (haH not exceed the Annual Sum of Ten Pounds, it (bill he lawful to contrail and agree, at any time before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thouund eight hundred and fifteen, on the Amount of Land Tax charged thereon as aflefled in the Afieffincot, made or to be made for either of the Years commencing on the Twenty fixth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, or on the Twenty fixth Day of March Ooe thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, for the Redemption of fuch Land Tax by way of an additional Affeffroent of Land Tax, by Payment of an Annual Sum, equal in Amount to the Land Tax fo propofed to be redeemed for and during the Term of Eighteen Years certain, or until all fuch additional AfTefTments, being placed to one Accounts! hereinafter is mentioned, together with the accruing Dividends thereon, fhall have purchafed fo much Principal Stock in the Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, as fhall produce an Annual Interefl or Dividend exceeding the Amount of Land Tax redeemed by One Tenth Part thereof, from the Twenty fifth Day of March next preceding the Date of the Contrail, by Two equal Inflalments in esch Year, as near as the fame can be computed ; videlicet, on or before the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Twenty fifth Day of March yearly ; and every fuch Contrail (hall be made in the Form, and the Consideration thereof (hall be paid according to the Rules fpecified in the Schedule to this AH annexed, marked [D. No. 1.] or [D. No. 2.3 -* Provided always, that after fuch Contrail (hall bt entered into as aforefaid, and fuch additional Afteflment (hall be made thereon, the Amount of Land Tax comprised in the Certiii* cate of fuch Contrail (hall not be liable to be varied or altered, nor the faid Tenements or Hereditaments fubjeH to any other or greater Charge by way of Land Tax than was aifelTed at the time of eo* tering into fuch Con trail.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enaHed, That no Contrail (hall be made for the Redemption of Land Tax charged on 117 Tenements or Hereditaments, as not confiding of more than Ose Fourth Part of a Statute Acre, on the Terras of Eighteen Years* Purchafe, or for the Redemption of Land Tax by way of an additional Aflefiment on the Terms lad before mentioned, unlefs an Affidavit in Writing (ball in each cafe be exhibited to the Commiffioners for executing the fame Contrail, to be made before any Mailer Extraordinary in tne Court of Chancery, or a Commiflioner in One of th« Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas or Exchequer, in En^lani, or before feme Perfon authorized to take Affidavits in the Court of Seffions in lVales% or in the Courts of Seffions or Judiciary in Scotland, /hewing to the Satufallion of the faid Commiffioners in the cafes of redeeming fuch Land Tax at Eighteen Years’ Purchafe, the Parti, culars of which the Pnemifes on which the Land Tax intended to be redeemed (hall confid, and that the fame are of the Quality, asd donut contain above the Admeafuremeut before deferibed; oris cafes of redeeming Land Tax by an additional A ffeffment, (hewiug te the SatisfaHion of the faid Commiffioners that the Party offensg to contrail is authorized fo to do, and is either in the a&ual Poi&flioi of the Tenements or other Hereditaments, or entitled to tjie Rents and Profits thereof from the Tenant or Tenants in the aHua) Poflefr Aon thereof, in the manner before required in fuch cafes.

a	VIII.	Aid

AD.i*!j.	J3*	GEO.	in.	Ci*3*	jji

Till. And be it further eroded, That whenever any Contimft No Forfeiture ftall be made for the Payment of the Confederation for the Redemp- £ accrue, if tion of any Land Tax in Money to the Receiver General in England, or Colledor of the Cefs in Scotland, by Two In Raiments, yearly, os ne3Ct puwic or before the Days herein mentioned, and it (hall happen that the Receipt of Land Receiver General of the County, Riding, Divifion or Place, or the Tax.

ColJe&or of the Cefs for the Shire, Divifion or Place, fail not be on his Receipt of Land Tax within the fame County, Riding,

Shire, Divifion or Place, on the Day when the Payment (hall become due, no Forfeiture, Charge of Intereft, or other Loft fall accrue by virtue of the faid Ad or this Ad, if the Party contracting for focn Payment (hall pay or caufe to be paid the Amount then due on fuch Contrad, on the Day appointed Tor the then next Receipt of Land Tax for that County, Riding, Shire, Divifion or Place, where the faid Receiver General or CoQedor fall attend for the Receipt of Land Tax.

IX.	And be it further eoaded, That the Commiflioners for the CoumUGoowe Affairs of Taxes fall, as foon after the palling of this Ad as con- Tax#* tocir-veiriently can be done for the prefent Year, and the Commiflioners rfN^ices for the Affairs of Taxes for the time being, (hall in every fucceeding Df rarious Year, at fuch times as the AfTelTcd Tax Notices (hall be circulated. Modes of Re-caufe to be prepared, and the Commiflioners ading in the Execution demption of of the Land Tax Ad in their refpedive Divifions and Places, or band T‘ax, wd their refpedive Clerks, (hall caufe to be delivered to every Body, Seclarationfoc Company or Perfon charged with any Land Tax, or upon the Pro- to fifn. mifes fo charged, throughout Great Britain, in fuch Forms as the faid Commiflioners for the Affairs of Taxes fall think fit to adopt,

proper Notices, fpecifying the various Modes and Terms by and upon which Contrads for the Redemption of the Land Tax are by this Ad, or by any prior Ad paffed and now in force relating to the Redemption of the Land Tax, authorized to be entered into, together with a Form, to be filled up by the Bodies, Companies or .Perfons defirous of redeeming their Land Tax, by which rthey may declare their Intention fo to do, and the Mode and Terms by and Upon which they (hall be defirous of redeeming the Came.

X.	And be it further enaded. That the Commiflioners of the Land c!!fkto Tax for the Divifion or Place, in cafes where the Manors, Meflhagm, Land Tax 'in Lands or other Hereditaments, the Land Tax charged upon which England, and (hall be propofed to be redeemed, (hall be fitoate in England, or* their Supply in $$ot-; Clerk, and the Surveyor of the Diftrietwhere the Manors, MefTu- land,to4«KM^ ages. Lands or other Hereditaments, the Land Tax charged upon ^*?** ?****” which (hall be propofed to be redeemed, (hall be fituate in Scotland,

(hall, upon the Reqoeft of any Bodies, Companies or Perfons, to- LsMXuk titled to redeem fuch Land Tax, or of their refpe&ive Agents,

. make out and deliver to fuch Bodies, Companies or rerfons, or their refytt&ive Agents, Certificates figned by fuch CormnilflooerB, or fair Clerk or Surveyor, of the Amount of the Land Tax propofed tobe redeemed, which Certificates fall contain the Defcription of,the 'Premifes, and the Names of the refpefHve Owners and Occupiers thereof, and the Parifh or Place where the fame (hall be fituate, .as Pmydeffroos the) fame appear upon the Laud Tax Afleffment theu in force 5 and ofeemrtrtwe, 'the'(aid Bodies, Companies, or other Perfons, defirous of redeeming filch Land Tax, may declare their Intention of redeeming the: feme,

**d the Mode and Terms of Redemption propofed by them, by <igning pri„tid

Mm*	filling	Declaration,

C.I13-

53* GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

Declaration at-tcfted, and transmitted with Duplicate of Certificate to Cora-mtffionera.

On Receipt whereof, Com-naMBoaen to Ip Certificate ef Contrad for Redemptknw

Dtftind Accounts kept by Receivers Qesie-nal of Sums received wnAc-count of Redemption and Sale of Land Tax; and Amount paid into Bank to Account of Cornmifikmerv for Nation*)

filling up and figning, by themfelves, or by fotne Ascot on their Be* half, in the Pretence of the fiud Cocnmiffiooers, or tneir Clerk, or of the laid Surveyor, as the cafe may require, the Forma of Declaration annexed to the Notice* hereby required to be circulated, in fuck manner aa to declare the Mode and Terms under which they are willing to redeem the Land Tax fo certified.

XL And be h further enaded, That the Commiffionera? or their Clerk or Surveyor, (hall atteft fuch Signature, and forthwith tranfmit every fuch Declaration, together with a Duplicate of the Certificate of the Amount of the Land Tax (to be figned by them or him, and to be annexed to fuch Declaration), to the Commiffionera for the time being, ading in the Execution of. the faid Ada and thia Ad.

XII* And be it further ena&ed, That the Commiffionera for executing the faid Ada and thia Ad, (hall, upon the Receipt of any fuch Declaration, and of a Copy of fuch Certificate aa aforefaid, make out and fign a Certificate of Contrad with the Parties by or 00 wbofe Behalf fuch Declaration (hall be figned, for the Redemption of the Land Tax therein mentioned, according to fuch Form aa (hall be applicableAo the Mode and Terma of Redemption to which fuch Dc claration fo figned aa afbrqfaid (hall refer; which Contrad fo entered into (haQ be binding upon the Body or Bodies, Company or Companies, or Perfon or Perfona figning fuch Declaration, their refpec-tive Succefiors, Heirs and Afiigns, and all Owners of the Lands whereon the Land Tax intended to have been redeemed, (hall be charged for the Completion of fuch Contrad; and the faid laft mentioned Commiffionera (hall, in all cafes where an Affeffment it required by thia Ad to be made for the Payment of the Confideration, tranfmit an Abftrad of fo much thereof aa (hall be necefiary for the Purpofe of forming an Aflefiment according to the Diredions of this Ad, to the CommifIioner8 of Land Tax or Supply in whofe Divifion the Laad Tax contra&ed for is charged, which AfTefiment (hall be made according to the Rules contained in the Schedule to this Ad applicable to fuch Contract; and in all cafes where an Afieflment it not requited for the Purpofe aforefaid, the (aid Commiffionera for executing the faid Ads and this Ad, (hall notify their Confent to fuch Contrad, to the refpedive contracting Parties, as foon as the fame can conveniently be done, and tranfmit (uch Abfirad thereof aa may be necefiary to afcertain the Amount of Stock to be transferred, or of Money to be paid, previous to the Regiftry of fuch Contrad.

XIII. And be it further enaded. That all Colledors of Land Tax within England^ to whom any Money (hall be paid purfuant to the Diredions of thia Ad, on Account of the Redemption of the Land Tax by an additional Afleflinent, (hall pay over the fame to the Receivers General of the County, Riding, Divifion or Place, within which the Lands or other Hereditaments, the Land Tax fo redeemed, (hall be fitoate, or their Deputies, at fuch timet and in fnch manner as the Land Tax (hall be payable; and the Receivers General ia England (hall keep difiind Accounts of all Monies fo paid to then by fuch Colledors for or on Account of the Land Tax, and for or on Account of fuch additional Afiefimenta, and alio of all fuch other Monies aa (hall be received by fuch Receivers General on Account of the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, difibguifliiog the feveral Schedules under which the fame ^bave been received, and the Year and Date of entering into the Cootimd; and the CoUe&onia

13	Mmd



A«D.i8i3'’	5^GEO. III.	C.123;	JJ3'

Scotland (hall keep in like manner diftind Accounts of’fuck Land *

Tax and additional Affeflinents, and of all Sums of Money received by them refpedively on Account of the Redemption or Sale of the lland Tax, and (hall pay the fame to the Receiver General diftindly under fuch Accounts; and fuch Receivers General refpedively (hall 1	'

from time to time pay the faid Monies received by them refpedively • for or on Account of the Redemption of the Land Tax, or the full Amount paid or to be paid upon fuch Contrads, out of any Public Monies in their Hands, as Occafion (hall require, for the Completion of fuch Contrads, or any Inftalments thereon, and as the Commiffioners for the Affairs of Taxes (hall dired, into the Bank of England; r and thereupon the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby required to place the fame to the Account of the Com-mi (Boners for the Redudion of the National Debt, under diftind Heads of Account, as well with relation to the Date of the Contrad as to the Schedule of this Ad, according to which the Contrad was made, and the County wherein the Land Tax (hall have been charged, entering the Contrads made in each Year, ending on the Twenty fifth Day of March yearly, in feparate Books of Account; and the laid Commiffioners for the Redudion of the National Debt (hall caufe all the Monies fo placed to their Account to be from time to time in-vefted in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities in their Names, and placed to the like Accounts: Provided that Provifo.

all Sums of Money which (hall be advanced by fuch Receivers * -............

General out of any Public Monies in their Hanas, in purfuance of this Ad, for the Completion of any fuch Contrads as aforelaid, or any Inffahnent thereof, (hall be from time to time replaced by and out of the Monies fo contraded to be paid on Account of the Redemption or Sale of fuch Land Tax.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That the Intereft and Dividends Intmft and • from time to time to arife from Stock transferred to or purchafed

by the Commiflioners for the Redudion of the Natioual Debt, in purfuance of Contrads entered into in the Forms contained in the Schedules marked (A.) and (B.) of this Ad, (hall, as the lame arife or grow due, ceafe to be iffued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, or to be charged on the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain ; and the Intereft and Dividends from time to time to arife from Stock purchafed by the faid Comtaiffioners, in purfuance of Contrads entered into in the Forms contained in the Schedules marked (C.l and (D.) of this Ad, or from Dividends of Stock before purenafed on the fame Account, (hall be from time to time paid into the Bank of Englandf and placed to the Accounts of the Commiffioners for the Redudion of the National Debt, under the fame Heads of Account refpedively as the Stock in refped of which fuch Intereft and Dividends arofe (hall be placed.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiffioners for Acetunnfotins

the Redudion of the National Debt (hall from time to time caufe Intereft in cafts all fuch Intereft and Dividends as (hall be fo placed to their Account,	.

to be invefted in the Purchafe of the like Bank Annuities, to ac- ded^Pxinciptl cumulate in the Nature of Compound Intereft in Aid of the Stock stock, purchafed, by Payments on Account of Additional Affeffinents, and

lor the Benefit of the Parties entering into the faid Contrads, towards the Completion of the fame, untu fuch feveral Bank Annuities (hall together yield an Annuity or Dividend exceeding the Amount

Mm3	of

5iA

Caftviert of Bank to roceive Moneytendursd.

fnfpofion and Surveyors for Affeflcd Taxes to hive Power to infpe& Land Tax Affair-menu, &c. and take Copies.

Ohftni£tin$ In-fpe&ojr, See.

Penalty.

Colleton allowed 3-!. in the Pound on Receipts.

Receivers General and Clerks

to Commiflion-ers to have fuch Allowance for Trouble aa Commiffroners for Taxes, with Concurrence of Treafury, (hall think reafooable.

C.123.	S39 GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

of the Land Tax redeemed by One Tenth Part thereof; and the Intercft or Dividends thereafter anting (hall ceafe to be iffued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, or to be charged on the Coofahdated Fund of Great Britain.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Cafhiers of the Bank are hereby required from time to time to receive all fuch Monies as are hereby dire&ed to be paid into the Bank, when tendered at the Bank 5 and the Receipt of fuch Cafhiers, or any one of them, (hall be a full and fufficieat Difcharge to the Perfon or Perfons paying fuch Monies into the Bank as aforefaid.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Infpe&ors andSm*. veyors for executing the feveral Ads relating to the Aflefled Taxes fhail have Power and Authority, under the Dire&ion of the Com-milHoners for the Affairs of Taxes, to infped the feveral Land Tax Affeflrnents, and the AfTeflments to be made under the Authority of this A6t, and all Contra&s, Books and Papers relating to the Redemption of Land Tax, in the Cuflody or PoffefEon of any Perfon whatever 5 and {hall have Power and Authority to make Copies of or Extrads from fuch Afleffments, Books and Papers, or any of them; and the feveral Clerks to the Commiflioners of Land Tax or Supply, and the faid Collectors of Land Tax in Great Britain are hereby required, on Demand, to produce fuch Books and Papers to fuch Inlpe&ors and Surveyors refpedively, and to permit them to make Copies of or Extrads from the fame, as they mail think fit; and if any Perfon fhail obftrud any Infpe&or or Surveyor ading in the Execution of this Ad, or (hall withhold any Affeflment, Coutrad, Book or Paper relating to any Affeflment of Land Tax, or any AfTeflment made under the Authority of this Ad# he (hall forfet and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered and levied in fuch manner and Form as any Penalty may be recovered or levied by any Law relating to the Redemption of Land Tax in fora at the time of palling this Ad.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That the feveral Colledon who (hall duly colled the faid additional Affeflrnents, and pay the fame to the Receivers General at the times fpecified in the Schedule to this Ad, (hall be allowed, out of any Monies in the Hands of fuch Receiver General (except the Monies paid in refped of fuch additional AfTeffments,) after the Rate of Three pence in the Ponod on the Amount by them received and paid, of the Monies arifing by additional AfTeflments under this Ad ; which Sums (hall be paid yearly by the Receivers General on receiving the full Sums con. tained in the faid additional AfTeflments of each Year; which Sums fo paid, fhail be allowed to the Receivers General in their rcfpc&m Accounts.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That the feveral Receivers General, and the feveral Clerks to the refpe&ive Comraiflfonrrs for the time being, a&ine in the Execution of the Land Tax Ad, who (ball pun&ually and faithfully execute the Powers veiled in: tkem, and perform the feveral Matters and Things required of them by this Ad, (hall and may, upon Application by them to the Commiffioners for the Affairs for Taxes, be feverally and refpedively allowed fuch Sums of Money, annually or otherwife, during the Continuance of this Ad, as a Compenfation for their Trouble fo the Difckargeof the Duties imputed upon them refpedively by this Ad, as the faid

Coramif-



A.IXiffij'	$3*GEO. III.	C.X23-	53g

Comsoiffioners for the Affairs of Taxes, with the Concurrence and under the Sandioo of the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, (hall think reafonable and proper; and it ihall be lawful for the Commiffioners of His Majefty’t Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treafurer for the time being, to order and dired the Sum or Sums of Money fo allowed, to be iflued and paid out of any Monies in the Hands of the fa id reipedive Receivers General; all which Payments the faid Receivers General (hall be allowed in their refpe&ive Accounts.

XX.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the Commiffioners Commiffioners for the time being, a£tinr in the Execution of this

Ad, to contrad with any Bodies or Companies, or odier Perfona according0!? 011 defirous of redeeming any Land Tax under the Powers and Provifions Atfeflment of of this Ad, for the Redemption of any Land Tax, at any time after preceding Year, the Twenty fifth Day of March, until the Affcdment of the fubfe-ouent and then current Year (hall be made and figned, according to the Adedment of fuch Land Tax for the preceding Year; any thing in any prior Adi relating to the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax contained to the contrary notwithftanding: Provided, that if it	^^Tax

(hall afterwards appear to the faid Commiffioners, by the Adedment of Land Tax for the current Year, that the Amount of the Land commiffioners Tax charged upon the faid Manors, Tenements or other Heredita- may amend meats, comprized in the Certificate of any fuch Contradt for Redemp- Contract, or ea-tion, hath been altered, it ihall be lawful for fuch Commiffioner* teHntofrelh and they are hereby required either to amend fuch Contradi, or to ContM<*# refeind the fame, and to enter into a new Contradi for the Redemption of the Land Tax which (hall he then charged upon the faid Manors or other Hereditaments, according to fuch Terms or mode of Redemption as (hall be fpecified or referred to in the original Contrad.

XXI.	And be it further ena&ed, That if the Commiffioners for If after entering executing the Ads in force at the time of palling this Ad, or if at Comr*a any time after the Commifiioaerg a&ing in the Execution of the (aid' f^atl appear** Ads and this Ad, (hall have contracted for the Redemption of any that there 1* any Land Tax, and whether the whole of the Stock or Money transfer- Error, Commif-rable or payable as the Confideration for fuch Redemption (hall have Cotters may beenvtransferred or paid or not, there (hall appear to the faid Com- amend it, or miffiooers for executing this Ad to be any Error in the Certificate

of fuch Contrad, or m the Description of the Premifes, or in tbo Names of the Parties contra&ing, either in the Contrad or in any'

Deed of Sale, Mortgage or Grant of Tenements or Hereditaments'

(bid, mortgaged or granted in purfuance of the faid Ads or thin Ad, or in any Entry, Account or Memorial of the fame, it (hall be lawful for fuch Conunilfioners, and they are hereby required, either to amend fuch Contrad or to refeind the fame, and to enter into a' new Contrad for the Redemption of the Land Tax intended to be redeemed by fuch original Contrad ; and in every fuch cafe it (hall he' lawful for the faid Commiffioners either to amend any Indorfement on the Certificate of fuch Contrad, or where, a new Contrad (hall' have been entered into, to indorfe on the Certificate of any fuch new Contrad, a true Copy of any Receipt or Receipts, or Certificate or Certificate* indorfod on the original Certificate of the Contrad, whether given by any Caffiier or Cafhtert of the Bank of JfagJand, or by any Receiver or Receivers General, or Colledor of Land Tax in England* or Collector in Scotland, for the Cunfiderations or any (art thereof that (hall have been adually transferred or paid on fuefi

hi m 4	original

 CjOOQle

S36.

C.I23.

53 GEO. IIL

A.D. 1813^

Clerks to Com-miffioners of ' Lapd Tax or Supply nagleA-m% Duty.

original Contract; aad it (hall be lawful for' the 'Commiffioneii far the Affairs of Taxes to make fuch Orders and give fucb Diredioos as they (hall think proper, for the Transfer of Stock, or the Pay. ment of Money, in addition to any Stock or Money that may hate been previoufly transferred or paid, or for the Retransfer of Stock, our the Repayment of Money in Diminution of any Stock transferred or Money paid, as (hall be neceffary to complete the Inftaknents of Stock or Money transferable or payable on fuch amended or new Contraft, as alio for the Amendment of any Entry, Account or Memorial as (hall be neceflary in purfuance thereof; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the Commiflioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, the feveral Receivers General and Colledors to whom the fame may refpedively appertain, (hall, upoo a, Certificate of fuch Error and of the Corrections thereof, or of what ought to be done for the Correction thereof, (igned by iny Three or more of the faid Commiflioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and they are hereby refpeCtively required to correCt and amend fuck Error, according to the Exigency of the cafe fo certified.

XXII. And be it further enaCted, That if any Clerk to tbe Commiflioners of Land Tax a&ing in and for any Hundred, Ward, Lathe, Wapentake or other Divifion in England, or any Clerk to the Commiflioners of Supply aCting in and for any County, Stew-artry, City or Bnrgh in Scotland, (nail refufe or negleCt to make out and aeliver any Copies of Affeffment of Land Tax to any Perion or Perfons authorized by this Ad to demand the fame, or (hall not permit the (ame to be taken by fuch Pcrfon or Perfons within Six Days after fuch Demand, or (hall refufe or negled to enter, on the Annual Affeffmeuts of Land Tax, an Account of the Sums of Money that may be payable as the Confideration for the Redemption of any Land Tax, or (hall refufe or negled to do any other Aft hereby required to be done by Commiflioners of Land Tax or fay their Clerks refpedively, then and in every fuch cafe every Clerk (0 offending (hall, for every fuch Refufal or Negled, forfeit the Sam Penalty.	of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered in fuch manner as Penalties

41 0.3. c. 1x6. impofed by the faid Ad of the Forty fecond Year of His prefent f 189, Ice.	Majefty are by that Ad authorized to be recovered 5 and in cafe of

'	any fuch Refufal or Negled as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for tfae

Commiflioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any Two of them, either to fufpend or totally to withhold from fuch Clerks refpedively fo offending the whole or any Part of fuch Allowance as l'uch Commiflioners are by this Ad authorized to make to fuch Clerks for their Trouble in the Execution of the Duties repofed in them by this Ad.

* XXIII. And whereas fome Sales aud Conveyances nave been 1 made by Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or c Trullces for Charitable or other Public Purpofes, to or in Troll *■ for other Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees

*	or Truftees for Charitable or other Public Purpofes, of Manors « and other Hereditaments, for the Purpofc of redeeming Land

*	Tax ; but Doubts have arifen whether fuch Sales and Conveyances

<	are authorized by any of the Ads paffed for the Redemption and

<	Sale of the Land Tax ; and it is expedient that the Validity of Salts mads by * Sales and Conveyances (hould be eftabli(hed Be it therefore eat Corporation farther enaded, That all fuch Sales and Conveyances as have been to another for fo made as laft mentioned, (hall be as valid and effedual m all refpe&i,

and

 C	e

A.D.ifri j.

53° GEO. IH.

C.ia#

m

redeeming Land Tax confirmed.

Corporation! enabled to fell Lands to other Corporations for railing Money to redeem or porchafeLand

and the Minor* dr bther Hereditaments fo fold and conveyed (hall be Imld and enjoyed by the Bodies and Companies) and Feoffees or TYuftees to wnom the fame hare been fold and conveyed) and by their vefpeftive Succeffors and Heirs and Aifigns, in fuch and in the fatae manner as if inch Bodies or Companies) or Feoffees or Truftees, had laboured under no legal Difability to purchafe and bold fuch Manors or other Hereditaments.

XXIV. And) for obviating all Doubts as to the Power of Bodies 4* G. 3. c.nl. Politic or Corporate, or Companies) or Feoffees or Trofteet for Charitable or other Public Purpofes, to fell Lands to other Bodies or Companies) or Feoffees or Truftees, for railing Money for the Redemption of any Land Tax, under the Powers and Authorities of the laid Aft of the Forty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, or of any fnbfequent Aft palled for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, or of this Aft) be it enafted9 That) for the Purpofe of railing Money for the Redemption of any Land Tax, under fuch Powers or any of them, it (hall be lawful for any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, and for all Feoffees or Truftees for Charitable or other Public Purpofes, but neverthelefs with and under the Sanftion, Controul, Direftion and Authority of the Com-xniffioners for the time being afting in the Execution of the laid Aft of the Forty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, and of this Aft, by virtue of His Majefty’s Letters Patent, to fell, difpofe of and convey unto any other Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Truftees for Charitable or other Public Purpoles, and their refpeftive Succeffors, Heirs and Affigns (in fuch manner and under fuch Regulations, as near as may be, as are mentioned in the Hud Aft of the Forty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, with re-	c.xxfi.

lpe& to the Sale, Difpolition and Conveyance of Lands, fold by Bodies or Companies, or Feoffees or Truftees, for the Purpofe of redeeming any Land Tax), any of fuch Manors, Meffuages, Lands,

Tenements or other Hereditaments belonging to the Bodies or Companies, or Feoffees or Truftees, fo defirous of railing Money for the Redemption of any Land Tax, as fuch Bodies or Companies, or Feoffees or Truftees, are by the faid Aft generally authorised to fell and difpofe of for Redemption of any Lana Tax.

XXV.	And be it farther enafted, That it (hall be lawful for any Corporits Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Truftees, Bo?,e# who (hall purchafe any Manors or other Hereditaments under the Money^n Pur-Power lafUy herein contained, to apply any perfonal Property which chafe of Land*, now is or mall hereafter be invefted m the Public Stocks or Funds, ibkl by other or any Legacies or voluntary Donations, or any other Truft Money, Corporate which by the laid Aft of the Forty fecond Year of His prefent J0-1** Makfty fuch Bodies and Companies and Feoffees or Truftees are 7^*°* authorized to lay out in the Redemption of Land Tax, or any Surw plus Stock or Money arifen or to arife by any Sale, Mortgage or Grant made or to be made by any ftich Bodies or Companies or Feoffees or Truftees, for redeeming their Land Tax, under tne Provifions of the faid Aft of the Forty fecond Year of His prefeat Majefty, or 3. c u6, of any fubfequent Aft palled for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, or of this Aft, in or towards the Purchafe of any Manors or other Hereditaments that lhall be fold by any other Bodies or Companies or Feoffees or Truftees under the rower laftly herein contained j but where any fuch Perfonal Property (hall be under the

Direftion

 v^.ooQle

C. 123.

53* GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

Sales already made of l.tnd belonging to On« of T wo confoli-dated Livings, for redeeming Land Tax on both Livings, confirmed; and fimilar Sales •■thortsed :

In cafe of Dif-union, Incumbent of Living, I,and of which has been fold entitled to a Kent Charge.

Patrons of Livings under Sequefiration, or where Incumbent i&Outlawed, |fiay redeem.

Di region or Centroul of aoy Court, the fame (hall be fo applied under the Dire&ioa and with the Approbation of fitch Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fmn-mary way.

4 XXVI. And whereas in fome cafes in which one Living hath 4 been united to and confolidated with another Living, Part of the 4 Lands or other Hereditaments belonging to one of fuch Livings 4 hath been fold for the Purpofe of redeeming the Land Tax charged 4 upon the Lands, Tidies and other Hereditaments of both of fuch 4 Livings; and it is expedient that fuch Sales fhouid be confirmed, 4 and that future Sales for the like Purpofe fhouid be authorised ; and • that due Provifion fhouid be made in the Event of the Difunioci of 4 fuch Livings ;* Be it therefore further cnaded, That all fuch Sales as have been fo made as laffc mentioned, and all Contra&s that have be^n entered into for any fuch Sales, fhall be and the fame are hereby confirmed; and that all fuch Sales as (hall hereafter be made of any Land or other Hereditaments belonging to any Living united to or confolidated with any other Living, tor the Purpofe of redeeming the Land Tax charged on the Glebe Lands and other Hereditaments belonging to both fuch Livings, (hall be as valid and efie&oal as if the fame bad been made merely for redeeming the Land Tax charged on the Lands and other Hereditaments of the Living, any Land belonging to which fhall be fb fold and as if fuch Living had not been united to or confolidated with any other Living: Bat that in cafe any confolidated Livings, the Land Tax charged upon which hath been fo redeemed at aforefaid, or fhall hereafter be redeemed, fhall at any time hereafter become difunited and held hy different Incumbents, either by reafon of the want of lawful Confect to the Union thereof, or from any other Caufe, the Incumbent for the time being of the Living, by Sale of any Lands belonging to which fuch Land Tax hath been or fhall be redeemed, fhall be entitled te an annual Rent Charge iSuing out of the other of fuch Livings, equivalent to the Amount of the Land Tax charged therecur at tte time of fuch Redemption as aforefaid.

XXVII. And be it further enaded, That in all cafes in which the Profits of any Livings are or fhall be under Sequeftratien (whether there fhall or not be any Incumbent thereof), or awy Incumbents of any Livings are or fhall be Outlawed, it fhall be lawful for the Seauefoator of fuch Living, with the Content of the College, Cathedral Church, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffee* or Truftee* for Charitable or other Public Purpofes, or other Ptrfea or Perfons, having the Patronage of fuch Livings refpe&ivety, and wiith the Content of the Ordinary, or it fhall be lawful forfucb Patron or Patrons as aforefaid, with the Confent of the Ordinary, at any time during the Continuance of fuch Sequeftration, or until fuoh Outlawry fhall be reverted, to contrad and agree* for the Benefit of fuch Living, for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon the Glebe Land* Tithes or other Profits of any fuch Living, and to provide for fuch 1 Redemption by Sale or Mbrtgage of aoy of the Glebe Lands, Tithes or othpr Hereditaments- belonging to foch Living, or by Grant of auy Rent Charge thereout* in fiich and the fame manner in all refpc&s at any Incumbent of fuch Living could or might have done under the Provifions of the faid Ad of the Forty {acond Year of Hir pretest Majctey, in cafo the Proilsof fuch Living

W

 v^.ooQle

5»

AJ).i8i3.	53PGECMI?.	C.U3.

or liviogs had not been fequeftmd, or fuch Incumbent or locum* beats bad not beta Outlawed.

XXVII I. And be it further enaded and declared, That whore any Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trufteea for Charitable or other Public Purposes, or any other Perfon or Perfons, who by the faid Ad of the Forty fecond Year of His prrfent Majeffcy, or this Ad, are authorized to redeem the Land Tax charged upon Livings in their Patronage, (hall be entitled to «ui alternate Right of Patronage to any Living or Livings* the Land Tax charged upon which (half not have been redeemed by the Incumbent or Incumbents of fuch Living or Livings, it (hall be lawful for the Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Truftees, or other Perfon or Perfons entitled to any fuch alternate Right of Patronage, who (hall firft apply to the Commiflioners for executing this Ad for that Purpofe, to contrad and agree for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon the Glebe Lauds, Tithes or other Profits of fuch Living or Livings, in the fame manner as fuch Bodies, Companies or other Perfons fo applying, if entitled to the exclufive Patronage to fuch Living, might have contraded to redeem the fame under the Frovifions of the faid Ad of the Forty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty; and it (hall be lawful for all fuch Bodies, Companies or other Perfons to provide for fuch Redemption by Sale of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, belonging to them refpedively, or by the Grant of any Rent Charge thereout, as they refpedively could or might lawfully make under the faid Ad of the Forty fecond Year of His prefent Maiefty, for the Redemption of any Land Tax charged on the Lands belong-iogto them refpedively; and the Land Tax fo redeemed (hall be forthwith extinguiflied; but every fuch Body, Company or other Perfon or t>er£ ns by whom or on whofe Behalf fuch Land Tax (hall be fo redeemed, and their refpedive Heirs and SuccefTors, (hall peverthelefs be entitled to an annual Rent Charge iffuing out of fuch Living, equal to the Amount of the Land Tax redeemed; unlefs it (hill be declared in Writing under the Common Seal, or Seal of the Bodies or Companies, or their refpedive Succefibre, or under the Hands of fuch other Perfon or Perfons, or their refpedive Heirs, at the time of presenting or nominating any Clerk or Clerks to fuch Living or Livings, that fuch Rent Charge (hall be fufpeoded during his or their Incumbency or refpedive Incumbencies; which Declaration the Bodies or Companies, or other Perfon or Perfons for the time being entitled to nominate to fuch Living or Livings, (hall front time to tune be competent to make: Provided always, that fuch Suf-penfioa (hall be without Prejudice to the Right of fuch Bodies or Companies, or other Perfons, and their refpedive Heirs and Sue-cefiors, to recover fuch Rent Charge after the next or any future Avoidance: Provided alfo, that any Declaration made by fuch Bodies or Companies, or other Perfon or Perfons at the time of redeeming fuch Land Tax (hall be as available during the Incumbency of the then Redor, Vicar or Curate, as if it had been made at the time of hi3 being prefented tp fuch Living.

4 XXIX. And whereas by an Ad patfe^ in the Forty fifth Year 4 of His prefent Majefty, to apiend and render more efiedual the 4 find Ad of the Forty fecond Year of Hi* prefent Mawfty, it was \ enaded; That where die Land T«x charged upon the (zlebe Leads,

4 Tithes





Patron, of Liviogs having an alternate Right of Pre-fentation, may contrail for Redemption of Land Tax thereon not redeemed by In-* cumbents.

45O.3. c-77-

5 »•

54°n

Tnoumtarts of Livings, Land T« charted on which redeemed^ Itc. by prior Incumbent, kcr may, after pur-chafing an Af-fgnment of Land Tax, raife Money by Sale, *c. of Glebe, to re-imburfe hlfnftlC

di 23.	53°	GEO. UL'	AJLiItj.

*	Tithes or other Profit! of any Luring, {hould have been or (honldbe ‘ redeemed or purchafed by the Patron or Patrons, or any former

*	Incombent thereof, or by any other Ferfon or Perfons, k (hould be 4 lawful for the Incumbent for the time being of fuch Living, to trot

*	and agree for the Purchase of an Afiignment of fuch Land Tn c for the Benefit of fuch Living; and for the Purpofe of railing

*	Money to purchafe fuch Afiignment to carry into Execution the

*	Powers which by the faid A & of the Forty fecond Year of His pit-

*	fent Majefty are given in order to raife Money by Sale, Mortgage 4 or Grant, for the Redemption of Land Tax; provided that the 4 Monies to arife from any fuch Sale, Mortgage or Grant, or fo mad 4 thereof as (hould be requifite, (hould, under the Order of any Two of

*	the Commifiioner8 appointed under the Great Seal as aforefaid, be 4 paid to the Perfon or Perfons afiigning fuch Land Tax, and the 4 Remainder of fuch Monies, in cafe any fuch (hould be, after Pay.

*	ment of tbe Cods and Expencet which (hould have been incurred 4 on Account of fuch Sale, Mortgage or Grant and Alignment, 4 (hould in purfuance of the like Order be paid into the Bank of

*	England, or to the Receiver General or Colle&or as the cafe 4 might require, and be applied in like manner as by the faid Ad of

*	the Forty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty is dirc&ed in the 4 cafe of Monies arifing from Sales, Mortgages or Grants, made for

*	the Purpofe of purchafing Affignments of Land Tax under that ( A&: And whereas it is doubtful whether Incumbents of Living! 4 can, after having purchafed with their own Money an Affignment 4 of the Land Tax, raife Money by Sale, Mortgage or Grant, for the

*	Purpofe of re-imburfing any Sum of Money that may have been laid ‘ out by them in the Purchafe of fuch Afiignment 5 and it iscxpe-

*	dieot that fuch Power (hould be given Be it therefore further en-a&ed, That in all cafes wherein any Incumbent for the time bong of any Living (hall purchafe an Afiignment of the Land Tax chained upon tbe Glebe Lands, Tithes or other Profits of fuch Living, from the Patron or Patrons or former Incumbent of fuch Living, or from any other Perfon who (hall have redeemed or purchafed the fame, or from his, her or their Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators or Affigw, it (hall be lawful for fuch Incumbent for the time being, for the Purpofe of re-imburfing any Sum of Money which (hall have been paid by hxm out of his own Money as the Confideration for any fuch Afiignarot, to carry into Execution all and every or any of the Powers which by the faid A& of the Forty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty are gives, in order to raife Money by Sale, Mortgage or Grant, for the Pur-pofc of purchafing an Afiignment of fuch Land Tax: Provided always, that the Monies to arife from any fuch Sale, Mortgage or Grant, to be made by virtue of this A 6t, or fo much thereofas (ball be requifite, (hall, under the Order of any Two of the Commiffioont appointed or to be appointed under the Great Seal of Great Brkm as aforefaid, be paid to fuch Incumbent for the time being, whofe Receipt in purfuance of fuch Order (hall be an effe&ual Difcwurge to the refpe&ive Purchafers or Mortgagees; and the Remainder of fuch Monies, in cafe any fuch (hall be, (hall be paid and applied is fuch and the fame manner as by the faid ACt of toe Forty fiftn Yetr of His prefent Majefty is directed concerning the Remainder of tbe Monies arifing by the Sales, Mortgages or Grants thereby ntbfr rixed to be made.

XXX. And

 L,ooQle

5*1

A.D.1813*	58° GEO. Ill	C/W3.'

XXX.	And be k ftlrtber enaded, TBit where tbff Land Tax charged upon the Glebe Land, Tithes or other Profits of any Living, hath been redeemed by the Patron or Patrons, of any former Incumbent thereof, or by any other Perfon or Persons, and the Incumbent for the time being of fuch Living hath, under the Powers contained in the laid A& of the Forty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, purchafed an Alignment of fuch Land Tax, for the Benefit of fuch Living, every fuch Alignment (hall, and the fame is .hereby required to be transmitted within Six Calendar Months after the paling of this A& to the Officer appointed for the Regiftry ef Contra&s for Redemption of the Land Tax; and that whenever any Incumbent for the time being of any Living, the Land Tax charged upon the Glebe L«end, Tithes or other Profits whereof has been or lhail be redeemed or purchafed by the Patron or Patrons, or any Incumbent thereof, lhail, under the Provifions of the laid A6t of the Forty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, or of this Ad, purchafe an Alignment of fuch l^and Tax, for the Benefit of fuch Living, every fuch Alignment lhail, within Six Calendar Months after the Date thereof, be in like manner tranfmitted to fuch Officer for the Regiftry of Contracts 5 and fuch Officer lhail, upon the Produ&ion to him of every fuch Af-figmnent as aforefaid, regifter the fame gratis ; and a Copy of the Regiftry of fuch Alignment figned by fuch Officer, (hall be allowed in all Courts and Places, and before all Perions, to be good and fuf-cient Evidence of fuch Alignments, and no Copy of the Regiftry thereof lhail be liable to any Sump Duty.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That, in order to provide for the Purchafe of any Land Tax under the Powers and Provifions of the find Aft of the Forty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, by any Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or any Feoffees or Trnftees for Charitable or other Public Purpofes, it lhail be lawful for fuch Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Truftees, to fell any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to fuch Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trnftees, or to mortgage the lame, or to grant any Rent Charge sat of the fame, or to enfranchise any Meffuages, Lands, TenemenU or Hereditaments, which are or lhail be holaen by Copy of Court Roll or other Cuftomary Tenure of any Manor belonging to any fuch Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Truftees; and to fell and difpoie of any Heriots or Fee Farm Rents, Chief Renta or Quit Rents, or other Emoluments or Advantages, iffuing or payable from or in refoe& of any Freehold or Copyhold or Cufc tomary Manors or other Hereditaments, or incident thereto or accruing therefrom, in fuch and the fame manner and under and fubje& to the feme Directions and Regulations as fuch Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Truftees are refpeCkively authorized to do under the Provifions of the feid A& of the Forty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, for the Purpofe of providing for the Redemption of any Land Tax charged on the Manors or other Hereditaments belonging to fuch Bodies Politic or Corpoimte, or Companies, or Feoffees or Truftees.

XXXII.	And be it further ena&ed, That whenever the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne* for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, (hall have appropriated any Sum or Sinus of Money to or for the Benefit of any Living or Livings, or the Ia-

cumbett

Afltgmnenrs of Land Tax already purchafed by Incumbents from Patrons or other Perions who have redeemed Land Tax charged on Livings regifter-ed within Six Months.

Future Arguments regilt ered within Six Months from Date of Contra#.

Stamp Duty.

Corporations or Truftees may fell or mortgage Part of Lands, or grant any Rent Charge, See. for pur-chafing Land Tax.

Incumbents of augmented

Livings, with Content of Governors of

 LjOOQle

54*

Queen AmmH Bounty may ntmtnS. for Purchafoof Land Tax.

46 O.3. c.13* §*•

49 0.3. c.67.

50G.J. c.58. $»*

CommifTioner* under Great Seal may exonerate Small Livings and Charitable In* ttitutiont without Transfer or Psytriiilt 6f Coo0tferltifi«.

C.mj.	5^GE6. HL	A.D.1813.

oumbetit or Incumbents of »ny Living or Livings, which the (aid Governor* #ul! km tlmiy agmtl or fhtll lgnee to augment with* the meaning «nd tinder the Provifionx of the Charter granted in the Reijrn of Queen Anne* or my A€t or Ads in force at the time of pafirngthts A&, it fhall be lawful for the Incumbent or Incumbent) of the faid Living or Livings, by the DiredHons of the laid Governor!, to contrad and agree for th^Purchafe of Land Tax, on the hoe Terms and Conditions, and i& the manner direded by the (aidAd paffed in the Forty fecond Year of the Reign of His present Majefty; and it (hall be lawful for the faid Governors to apply the had Sms or Sums fo appropriated, or any Part or Parts thereof, in Satisfs&ooor in Payment of the Coniideration ftipulited in Inch Contrads; tod the faid Incumbent or Incumbents ot the (aid Living or Livings to be fo augmented, from the Period of the Exoneration of filch Land Ta purchafed by them refpedrvely, and their refpedive Sncceffan for the time being for ever, fhall be entitled to and (hall be in the add Seirin and PoflTeffion of a Fee Farm Rent, equal in Amount to the Land Tax fo purchafed, to be iffuing and payable out of the Minor*, MefToages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, whereon the Lad Tax fo purchafed was charged, on the fame Days as fucb LsodTo was payable before the time of the Parchafe thereof, and enjoy all fed Powers, Remedies and Advantages, for the Recovery ot fsch Fee Farm Rents as are given to Purchafers of Land Tax by the (aid Ad left mentioned.

€ XXXIII. And whereas feveral Afts were paffed in the Forty

*	fixth, Forty ninth and Fiftieth Years of the Reign of His prtirat t Maietty, authorising the Commiffioaers appointed by Letter* Patent « under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to dire& the Exonerate* 1 and Difcharge of the Land Tax charged upon the Meffoaga, f Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments belonging to Livings or g other Ecclefiaftical Benefices or Charitable Inftitutions in the ms* g uer and under the Directions in the (aid Ads refpedivelyinentioMd t or referred to j and ptirfuant to the Powers fo vefted in the find g Com mi (boners, they have exonerated and difcharged the Land Tax g charged upon the Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and other Hew-t dhamenia belonging to feveral Small Livings and Charitable lnfti-t tutions : And whereas h may be expedient to aogment'the Incomes f of other Small Livings or other Ecclefiaftical Benefices and of Chari* € table Inftitutions not already exonerated from Land Tax, by «*ow» € rating the fame from the Land Tax charged on the MeflWes,

Lanas, Tenements or other Hereditaments belonging to luch

'Livings or other Ecclefiaftical Benefices or Charitable Inflhutiora,

*	in the 'manner hereinafter mentionedBe it therefore fiutherco* -i&Vd, That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Cotnarifionn* wppointed'Orto be appointed by Letters Patent under the Great Seal *0f (hrAit Britain, at any time or times after the palling of this Ad, ^fo dfreft'the Exoneration and Difeharge of the Laud Tax charged Upon the Meffunges, Lands, Tenements or other Heredittraenti be-<ongiUg td any Livings or otherEcclefiaftical Benefices or Charitable Inftitutions, in cafes where the whole clear Annual Income of fucb Livings or Other Ecclefiaftical Benefices or Charitable IrAitutwa •fhall not exceed the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds, without •the Transfer Or <I\rpnenrofanyConfederation for the feme, in the •osaitoer tad uatkr the Dirt&kxu and fteftri&joas m this Aft tnes-

XXXIV. And

V





AJ).i8i3*	S3*	GEO.	HI.	C.nj«	j4J

XXXIV. And be k farther etfa&ed, That every Ioctmbent of Incumbents to any fuch Living or other Ecckfiaftical Benefice, and all Feo&ete tranfmit State, or Trofteet of any fuch Charitable In&itution, who fhall be dethrone mem# of Income that the Mefluages, Lauds, Tenements or other Hereditaments Livings, *nd belonging to fuch Living or other Ecclefia&ical Benefice or Chari- Amountrf table Inditution, fltould be exonerated firom Land Tax under the LandTa*. Provifions of this A&, (hall within One Year after the paffiag of this A€t tranfmit a Memorial to the faid lad mentioned Commif-oners, verified in fuch manner as they (hall require and direlt, dating the Nature and Defcription of the Property or other Funds or Sources from whence the Income of fuch Living Or Ecclefiaftical Benefice or Charitable Inditution is derived, and the Amount of Income derived from each refpedivcLy ; and (hall alfo at the fame time tranfmit to the faid Commifiioners a Certificate figoed by the CoUr&or of the Land Tax a&ing for the Didri&, Town, Pan fix or Place, within which the Mefluages or other Hereditaments belonging to fuch Living or other Ecclefiadical Benefice or Charitable Inditu* lion (hall be fituate (which Certificate fuch Colle&or is hereby authorized and required to grant), containing a. Description in Writing of the Meffuages or other Hereditaments belonging to fuch Living or other Ecclefiadical Benefice or Charitable Inditution, and the Name of the Parifh or Place, or Parities or Places within which the fame (hall be fituate, and the Amount or Amounts of Laud Tax charged thereon : Provided always, that it (hall be lawful for the &id Commilfioners lad mentioned Commifiioners, if they (hall deem it expedient, to ea- may enlarge large the time by this Ad limited for the Tranfmiffion of fuch Me* time for trauf-*zaorials and Certificates as aforefaid, for any further Period not ex- “*mnKluch ceeding Six Calendar Months from the Expiration of the Period by ceS-awL*” this Alt limited as aforefaid for the Tranfmifiion thereof; and an Memorials and Certificates which (hall be tranfmitted to the (aid Commifiioners within fuch extended Period, (hall be as valid and effe&ual to enable the Exoneration of Land Tax under the Provifions ctf this Ad, as if the fame had beeu tranfmitted within One Year from the palling of this Ad.

XXXV.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for Commiffioner*

the (aid lad mentioned Commifiioners, by Writing under their Hinds m^f, by Wn-and Seals, to certify and declare that all the Mefiuages Lwfc*	certify tb*^

Tenements and Hereditaments belonging to any fuch Living or other	are ex-

Ecclefiaftical Benefice or Charitable Inftitution, (hall be wholly freed

and exonerated from the Land Tax charged thereon, and from all further Afiefiments thereof; and fuch Mefiuages, Lands, Tenements .and Hereditaments (hall thereupon and notwithstanding it may afterwards appear that any of them, or any. Part thereof, were omitted IS be rated to the Land Tax at the time fuch Certificate of Laod Tag fhall have been obtained, be wholly freed and exonerated from all Land Tax, and all further Afieflments thereof, from fuch of the quarterly Days of Payment of Land Tax at (hall next precede the Day op which fuch Certificate of Exoneration (hall be left at the Office, for the Purpofe of being duly regiftered ia the manner here* inafter prescribed.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaded, That the Officer appointed Certificates rS-for the Regiftry of CoDtra&a for Redemption uf the Land Ta*,

.fliall regifier all fufh laft mentioned Certificates of Land Tax, and the faid Certificates of Exoneration, jratU ; nod foaU major one and

tranfmit

 LjOOQle

C. i23<

53° GEO. IB.

A.D.1813.

Stamp Duty.

Statement of Proceedings, as to Exoneration laid before Parliament.

480.3.	C. IJ3.

s»—J-	,

490.3.	c. 67.

* I—4-

50 G. 3. c.jS.

Seles by Corporations confirmed, where Tithes, Ac. fold may not hare been rated to Lend Tax. Tithes, *c. discharged from Land Tax although not rated at time of Redemption.

tranfmit DapEcstet of the Land Tax thereby certified and exonerated under the Provifions of this Ad, and do all fuch other Adi and Things neceflary for the Exoneration of the Meffuages and Herofr tament8 fo to be exonerated, as by the faid A A of the Forty fccond Year of His prefent Majetty are dire&ed, in regard to Cootradi entered into under the Provifions thereof; and every Copy of the Regiftry of any fuch Certificate (hall be allowed in all Courts isd Places, a^d before all Perfons, to be good and fufficient Evidence of fuch Certificate; and no fuch Certificate, nor any Copy of the Regiftry thereof, (hall be liable to any Stamp Duty.

XXltVIL And be it farther ena&ed, That a Statement of the Proceedings of the laid Commiffioners appointed under the Great Sell in the Execution of this Aft, with regard to the Exoneration of Livings or other Ecclefiaftical Benefices, or Charitable Ioftititioes, from Land Tax, fhall be laid before Parliament before the Expintioi of the Sefiion of Parliament ending in the Year One thoufaod eight hundred and fifteen.

4 XXXVIII. And whereas fome Sales have been made and Cot-veyances executed by Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Computet, or Feoffees or Truftees for Charitable or other Public PoTpotet, of Tithes and other Hereditaments, which have not been rated to the Land Tax, for the Purpofe of redeeming the Liod Tu charged on other Hereditaments; and Doubts may arife si to the Validity of fuch Sales and Conveyances; and it has frequently happened that certain Tithes or otner Hereditaments belonging to Livings, have not been rated to the Land Tax at the time of the Contra& for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on the Meffuages, Lands and other Hereditaments belonging to fuch Lb-ingt refpedUvely; and fuch Tithes or other Hereditaments lb omitted to be rated, are ftill liable to be rated to the LandTu; and it appears that in fome Inftances certain Tithes or other Hereditaments belonging to Livings or other Ecclefiaftical Benefices and Charitable lnfbtutions, exonerated or intended to be exonerated from the Land Tax, by the Commiffioners appointed under the Great Seal, by virtue of the Powers contained in the fad Ads of the Forty fixtb, Forty ninth and Fiftieth Years of Ns prefent Majefty, were not, at therefpe&ive times of fuch Exoneration, rated to the Land Tax ; and fuch Tithes or other Heredita-ments not fo rated, are ftill liable to be rated to the Land Tu { Be it therefore further enaded, That in all cafes where any Tithes or other Hereditaments have been fold or conveyed by any Body of -Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or any Feoffees or Trnf-tee*for Charitable or other Public Purpofesas lift aforefaid, the Sab and Conveyances thereof fhall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, and the Tithes and Hereditaments therein comprised difehamd from the Land Tax, and all future AfMrnwti thereof, notwitnftanding the Tithes or other Hereditaments (b fold and conveyed, or any of them, may not have been at the tine of iuch Sales or Conveyances rated to the Land Tax, and the Land Tax changed thereon may not have been previoufly redeemed or pur-chafed ; and that all fuch Tithes and other Hereditaments belonging to any Livings comprised in any Contraft entered into for the Re* donpnon of the Land Tax charged on the Mefliuges, Lmd* Tithes or other Hereditament* beioogtog to any fob Limp, a

it







545

A.D.ifti3»

S3* geo. in.

c.123.

at the time of the Contra# for the Redemption of fuch Land Land* and Tax were not rated to the Land Tax, (hall nevertheless be dif-charged from Land Tax, and all future Affeffments thereof 5 and onerated from farther, that all fuch Meffuages, Lands, Tithes and other Heredk Land Tax, dif-taments belonging to the feveral Livings or other Ecclefiaftical charged, though Benefices and Charitable Inftitutions whicn have been, or have been not rated to it intended to be exonerated from Land Tax, under the Powers and **titneo* Prorifions contained in the faid ACts of the Forty fixth, Forty xoneratlon-ninth and Fiftieth Years of His prefent Majefty, or either of them,

(hall be abfolutely exonerated and difebarged from all Land Tax, from the refpeCtive Periods of their Exonerations and from all future Afleflments of Land Tax, notwithftanding certain Portions or Parts of the Tithes or other Hereditaments belonging to fuch Livings or other Ecclefiaflical Benefices or Charitable Inftitutions were not, at the rafpeCtive Periods of fuch Exonerations, included in the Rate or, Affeffment to the Land Tax.

• XXXIX. And whereas by the faid A# of the Forty fecond 4*0.3. c.116.

*	Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, it was enaCted, That 5,oa

*	whenever there fnoold be any Surplus of Stock transferred as the

*	Confederation for, or purchafed with the Money arifing by any

* Sale, Mortgage or Grant to be made by virtue thereof, after

* referring fo much of fuch Stock as (hould be agreed to be

*	transferred as the Confideration for the Land Tax redeemed, the

*	faid Surplus Stock (hould, where the Manors, Meffuages, Lands,

*	Tenements or Hereditaments fold, mortgaged or charged, are fituate,

*	in England, be placed in the Books of the Bank of England) in

*	the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the

*	Court of Chancery, to the Intent that the fame might be applied

*	in' the manner thereinafter mentioned ; that is to lay, to tnc In-

*	tent that fuch Surplus Stock might at a convenient time be fold, and 4 the Money arifing therefrom applied under the Directions and with

*	the Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order

*	made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary way, in the

*	Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or Parts thereof, affecting the 4 Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, the

*	Land Tax charged whereon fhould have been fo redeemed ; or 4 where the fame fhould not be fo applied, then the fame fhould be 4 laid out and invefted under the like Direction and Approbation, in 4 the Purchafe of other Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and

*	Hereditaments, which fhould be conveyed and fettled in manner in

4 the faid ACt mentioned Now be it further enaCted, That no No Surplus Surplus Stock transferred or to be transferred as the Confideration st°<* pheed to far, or purchafed with the Money arifing by any Sale, Mortgage or Name £c" Grant, made or to be made by virtue of the faid A# of the Forty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, or of any fubfequent A# paffed untji Corporator the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, or of this ACt, by tion iuterdted any Bodies'Pohtic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trul- have oh. tees for Charitable or other Public Purpofes, fhall be placed in the Books of the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity	re**

of the Accountant General of the faid Court of Chancery, purfuant deemed, to the faid Directions of the faid ACt of the Forty fecond Year of Hi* prefent Majefty, until the Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies or Feoffees or Truftees for Charitable or other Public Purpofes interefted therein! fhall have obtained a Certificate under the 53 Gso. III.	N n	Hands





54$

C.|*3-

53»G£a III.

AJXitij.

Where Surplus of Stock, after tramferring fuf-ficient to redeem Land Taxon Lands belonging to Corporations Sole; fuch Stock, if not amounting to lfiool to be transferred into Names of fuch Corporation and a Trufl.ee.

Lay Corporations to tranfmit to Commiflioners a£ting undtr Great Seal, Account in Writing of Land Tax unredeemed.

Hands of Two or more of the faid Comauffiooers appointed or to he appointed aider the Great Seal of Geo* Britain, that the whole of the Land Tax charged, as well on the Lands, Tenements or Hettwaments, by Sale, Mortgage or Grant whereof fach Sarphs Stock fhall ante or he produced, as on the Mefluaees, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, limited to the like Utes or fubjed to the fame Trulls as the Mefluages, Lauds and Hereditaments to ibid, mortgaged or charged, flood fettled or limited to at the time of fuck Sale, Mortgage or Charge, has been wholly redeemed or purchafcd, or that fo much of fuch Land Tax has been redeemed or purcksfcd as the laid Commiffioners fhall under the circuroftances of the cafe think reafonahk.

XL. And be it further ena&ed. That in aH cafes where there fhall be any Surplus of Stock transferred as the Confideration for, or purebafed with the Money arififtg by any Sale, Mortgage or Grant to be made by virtue of any of the Ads palled for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, or of this A6t, by any. Archbiliop, Bifbop, Re&or or Vicar, or other Corporation Sole, for the Purpofe of redeeming or purchasing any Land Tax (after referring fo mack of fuch Stock as fhall be agreed to be transferred as the Confiden-tion for the Land Tax redeemed or purchased), fuch Surplus Stock fhall, if the fame fhaH not exceed One thoufand Pounds Capital Stock Three per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, be transferred into the joint Names of fuch Archbifhop, Bifiop, Re&or, Vkar or other Corporation Sole, haring an Interefk thereh, and of fbme Perfon to be named by fuch Archbifhop, Bifhop, Reftor, Vicar or other Corporation Sole, in order that the fame may be applied in fuch manner for the Benefit of fuch Archbifhop, Bifhop, fta&or, Vicar and other Corporation Sole, and their refpe&ive Succeflon, as is dire&ed by the (aid A6k of tiie Forty fecond Year of Hit prdcst Majelly with refpeA to any Surplus Stock not exceeding Two hundred Pounds Principal Stock; and if the Confideration for the Redemption or Purchafe of fuch Land Tax by fuch Archbifhop, Bifhop, Re&ojr or Vicar, or other Corporation Sole, fhall, in tie CoptraA be ftipulated to be paid in Money, the Surplus of fuch Moqies, if any, after reserving the Confideration for the Redeoption or Purchafe of fuch Land Tax (hall, in cafe fuch Surplus full not exceed the Value of One thoufand Pounds of fuch Stock u aforefaid, be paid to a Truftee to be named by the Archbifhop, Bilhop, ReAor, Vicar or other Corporation Sole, having an Iotercft in Inch Surplus, and be by fuch Trufiee laid out in the joint Nion of himfelf and fuch Archbifhop, Bifhop, Re&or, Vicar or other Corporation Sple, in the Purdude of Stock to be applied in like manner for the Benefit of fuch Archbifhop, Bifhop, Rector Vicar or other Corporation Sole, and their refpedbve SuccefTors.

XLI. And he it further ena&ed. That all Lay Corporations Aggregate, and all Companies, and all Feoffees or Truftees far Charitable or other Public Purpofes, fhall, and are hereby reqoiitd, within Three Calendar Months after the paffing of this Afi, to tnmfmit to the Commiffioners for the time being, a&ing in the Execution of the faid A€t of the Forty (Second Year of His prefcst Majcfty, and of this A A, by virtue of Letters Patent under tbe Great Seal of Great Britain, an Account in Writing, fpecifyiog the Amount of the Land Tax which fhall not then have been redeemed or

contitdcd



AJXi8t3.	53*	GEO.	IN.	C.12^	$47

coat rafted to have bee* redeemed, by or on behalf of fuchGorpora-tiods Aggregate, or Companies, Or Feoffee# or Ti'uft&s refpeftively % and a general Defcriptioh of the Manors and other Hereditaments belonging to fuch Corporations Aggregate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Truftees, in refpeft of which the Land TaX (hall remain charged or chargeable.

XLIf. And be it further etta&ed, That when and fo foon as the On Determint-feveral Powers and Authorities Which by the faid Aft of the Forty of Powers fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, or by any fcbfeouent Aft ers iSnSoted bv of Parliament pa fled for the Redemption atid Sale of the Land Tax i^irTp«tent/ or by this Aft, haVe been or are vetted in the Comthiffioners appointed Hi* Majefty * or to be appointed by virtue of His Majefty** Letters Patent under m«y dire& Al-the Great Seal of Great Britain, (hall have ceafed or detennined, or l?wan2*!f (hall by any future Aft of Parliament be determined, it (hall bo vices! lawful for the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafuiy, or any Three or more of them, purfuant to any Direction of His Majefty, his Heirs and SucCeffors, under the Royal Sign Manual, to alio# the Commiffioners who have afted or (hall hereafter aft in the Execution of fuch Powers and Authorities, by Virtue of fuch Let* ters Patent, or to the Executor* or Adntiaiftrators of any fuch Corni milfioncit as may have died, by or out of any Public Monies for the time being in the Receipt of the Exchequer, applicable to the Supplies and Services of the Year, fuch Shms of Money, a» in Acknowledgment for the Services of fuch Commiffioners in thd Execution of their Powers and Authorities, as His Majefty, his Heirs and Succtflorft, fliaU dedih proper.

* XLIII. And whereas by an Aft paffed in the Fifty fecond 5s 0.$. c. 80.

4 Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for * extending the Periods in which Deeds were dtreded to be inrolled by 4 an A3 of the Fiftieth Tear of His prefent Majefty, for amending 4 feveral AQs for Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, it was 4 enafted, that all Deeds required by the faid Aft of the Fiftieth 4 Year of' His prefent Majeity, or any other Aftk relating to the r Redemption of Land Tax, to be implied* or regiftered, fhould be c Valid and effefttial, although the fame (hotil&not have been or (hould 4 not be inrolled or regiftered Within the Periods preferibed by the 4 faid Afts refpeftively, provided the fame fbould nave been inrolled 4 or regiftered before the patting of the Aft ndw in rfccital, or (hould 4 be inroBed Or regiftered within Twelve* Calendar Months after the 4 paffing thereof: And whereas the tin# limited by4 the faid laft 4 mentioned Aft will expire* emthe Firft Day of Jkly next,- and it te 4 expedient td make PrOvifiOO for the Involme&t ot Regiftry of Deeds 1 which may ntot'be duly inrolled or regiftered purfuaht to the Di-1 reftions of that Aft;* Ite it therefore further1 enafted. That aD Deeds valid Deeds required by the faid Aft of the Fifty fecond Year of His though not in-prefent Majefty, or any other Afts relating to the Redemption of roUw!

Land Tax, to be inrolled or regiftered, (hall* be valid aud effeftual, although the fame (hall not be inrolled or regiftered within the Periods preferibed by the faid Aft of the Fifty fecond Year of His pitfent Majefty, provided the fame (hall have been limited or regiftered, within Twelve Calendar Months after the patting of this Aft, and that all Conveyances made1 fubfeqoent to any Deeds already knotted or regiftered, or to be in rotted or regiftered udder this 'Afti or any former Aft" for the Redemption or the Land Tax,. and

N n 2	depending



C.123.	53°	GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

depending in point of Title on fuch Deeds, (ball be of the feme Ened as if fuch Deeds had been inrolled or regidered on the Day of the Date thereof 5 nevertheless without Prejudice to the Validity of any A durances heretofore made, to corred or Supply any Defied* arifiug from the want of fuch Inrolment or Regiftry.

XJLIV. And be it further enaded, That the Ieveral Schedules to this Ad annexed, and the Rules therein contained (hall be deemed and conflrued a Dart of this Ad, as if the lame bad been ioferted herein under a Special Enadment; and the faid Schedules, and all and every the Provilions of this Ad, (hall in the Execution of any of the Powers or Provifions contained in the faid Land Tax Ad, or in any Ad or Ads in force at the time of palling this Ad, touching the Redemption or Sale of the Land Tax, be ieverally applied and conflrued in like manner as if the faid Ieveral Schedules and Provifions of this Ad had been fpecially enaded in the laid prior Ad or Ads; and all ahd every the Powers and Provilions contained in the laid Land Tax Ad or in any Ad or Ads in force at the time of palling this Ad, touching the Redemption or Sale of the Land Tax, except where the lame are repealed or varied by this Ad, (hall be Severally applied and conftrued in like manner as if the fame Powers and Provifions had been contained and re-enaded by this Ad.

XLV. Aud be it further enaded. That this Ad, or any of the Provifions thereof, may be altered, varied or repealed by any Ad to be pafied in the prefent Seffion of Parliament.

The SCHEDULES to which this Ad refers.

Schedule [A.]

[A. No. 1.]

FORM of the Certificate of the Contrad for the Redeoj. tion of Land Tax, in cafes where the ConfideratioQ is propofed to be transferred in Stock, purfuant to the Adi 10 force at the time of palling this Ad, fubjed to the Alterations as to the Periods of Transfer, provided by this Ad in fuch cafes.

KNOW all Men, That we

Two of the Commiffioners ading in the Execution of the feveral Ads for the Redemption of the Land Tax, do hereby certify, That we have contraded and agreed with

for the Redemption by him, [her, or them, tu the cafe may require] of	Land	Tax,	being	the

Land Tax charged upon [ here deferibe the Premfet at from the Cer• tijuate of the Commi/poncrs of Land Tax'], and which Premifes tit a defied in the AJTeffment made for the	of

in the	of	for	the

Year	as	follows	;	videlicet,	[here

infart a* txaff Copy of fuch Parts of the AJfeJfmemt at relate to the Premfet before deferibed] The Confideration is declared to be Capital Stock in the Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, or one of them, to be tnnv fared to the Commiffioners for the Redudion of the National Debt, at the Bank of England, in one Sum, on or before the

D*y

Schedules, Ac. made part of

a a.

Former A€ts applied.

Ad altered, Ac.





53° GEO. III.

C.123.

S49

Day of ^	or,	[as	the cafe may be] in the following

Proportions, and at the following times; videlicet,

Stock on or before	the	Day	of

Stock on or before	the	Day	of

Stock on or before	the	Day	of

Stock on or before	the	Day	of

{When the Corf deration it transferable by Inflalments, add] with ntereft, to be paid at the time of the Second and each fubfequent Inftalment, to the Cafhier or Cafniers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, equal to the Amount of the Land Tax redeemed, deducing therefrom a Sum bearing the fame Proportion . to fuch Land Tax as the Amount of Stock transferred before the time of each Payment bears to the whole Amount of Stock agreed to be transferred on fuch Contract.

[A. No. 2.]

FORM of the Certificate of the Contrad for the Redemption of Land Tax, in cafes where the Confideration is propofed to be paid in|Money to the Receiver General, purfuant to the Ads in force at the time of palling this Ad, fubjed to the Alterations provided by this Ad in fuch rafes.

1 ft. When the Conlideration is to be paid in one Sum. KNOW all Men, That we Two of the Commiflioners ading in the Execution of the feveral Ads for the Redemption of the Land Tax, do hereby certify. That we have contracted and agreed with

for the Redemption by him, [her, or them, as the cafe may require] of	Land Tax, being the Land Tax charged

upon [here deferibe the Premifes, as from the Certificate of the Com• mtffioners of Land Tax], and which Premifes areaflefted in the Afleff-ment made for the	of	in	the

of	for the Year

as follows ; videlicet, [here infert an exa8 Cody of fuch Parts of the AJfeJfment as relate to the Premifes before deferibed] The Conlideration is declared to be fo much of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be* paid to the Receiver General or his Deputy, [or Colle&or, at the cafe may require] for the [County, Riding, Shire, of as will be (ufficient for the Redemption of the faid Land Tax, on the Day of	according	to	the Price of

Stock, to be tranfmitted to the laid Receiver General [or Collector], io the Second Week fubfequent to the Date hereof, and conformably to the Table in the Schedule to the faid Ad of 42 Geo. III. and other Ads in force at the time of palling the Ad of 53 Geo. III. and the Rules and Diredions therein refpedively contained.

2d. When the Confideration is to be paid by Inflalments within Four Years.

[If the Confideration is propofed to he paid within Four Tears, purfuant to the Diredions of the Ad of 42 Geo* 3. the Land Tax mufi be divided into as many equal Parts as there are Tears within the Period of Payment, the Fradious of Farthings to be added to the lafi Payment.]

The Confideration is declared to be fo much of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid to the Receiver General or his Deputy

N n 3	[or	,





55®

Registering

Contract.

C. 123.	53e	§EG- mr.	A.D.i8ij.

Tor Cqjk&qr'] for thp [C^mfy, Rifting, Shire, Sfc.] 1* will be fnmcient for toe Redemption of	Part	of	the	laid

Land Tax, 00 or Wore the	pay	of

further Part of the lai4 Land Tax, oq the	Day	of

further Part of the fpid Land Tax, on tbe Day of	and	farther

Part pf the fai4 Land Tax, on the	pay of

according to the Price of Stock to be transmitted to the faid Recewer

general for Coflpdjtpr], jo the Second Week fubfetuient to the ate hereof, with refpeS to the Payment of the Fim InSUlmnit, and with relpoft to the Payment of the Second arid every fubfeqoeot Instalment, according to the Price of Stock, to be trpnfroiued tofucb Receiver General [or Colle&orl in the Week preceding the hid Pay of Payment of fuch Second and fubfequent Instalments, and conformably to the Tables in the faid Ads of 42 and 43 Get. III. together with Intereft to be paid at the time of the Second and each fubfequent Instalment, to the faid Receiver Genera) [or Coh JefiorJ, equal to the Amount of the Land Tax redeemed, dedo&ing therefrom a Sum bearing the fame Proportion to fpeh Land Tax, as the Number of Instalments then before paid bears to the Number of Instalments agreed to be paid on fuch Contrad.

RULES and Directions applicable to the above Contrads, marked [A.] No. 1. No. 2.; and alfo to Contra&s, marked [B.]> to be obferved in carrying the fame into Execution.

xft. Every fuch Contra^, upon Transfer or Payment (as the cafe may require) of One Sixteenth Part of the Consideration mentioned therein, or to any gppptpr Aiqoppt, being certified by Eiufarfemeol thereoa as dijefted py the faid pripr Ads, may, if the Party or Parties to the fame Shall chpqfe, be tranfmitted to the Cpmmiffioners entering into the fame* whq (hall forthwith caufe the Same to be regiftertd arith an Indorfement thereon of the time from which tbe Land Tax Audi be deemed to be exonerated conformably to the faid prior Adi; and after foch Regpftry aqd Endorsement, to be tranfmitted to the Mud Patty or Parties, oj his, her or their Agent lawfully authorised to receive the fame; and the Land Tax Shall be exonerated accordingly.

Schedule [BL]

FORty pf thp Certificate of the Cpntraft for the Redemption pf Land Tu, m cafes were the ponfideration Is proposed to be paid in N^oney to tljp Receiver General, under tne Pro-xUipos of £3 Geo. f jjLxq any Peiip4 exceeding- T^wo Years, or amounting	^ pounds or upwards.

KNOW all Men, That ye, A. B. and C. IX Two of the Com* miffioners a&ing in the Execution of the Ads for the Redemption of the' Land Tax, do hereby certify. That we harp contra6fea and agreed with	to* the Redemplipa by him,

[Rer or them, at the oaf* mqy require] of

Land Tax, being the Land Tax charged upon [Acre deferde tjx Prendfet as from the Certificate of the Commtfioaettr eft Load Tex) and whipfi Premifes are alefcd in the ASfeSTmeat madb.fioor the of	in the	of

hr



53 'CEO. in.

c.123.	551

for the Year	a* fdllowe ;

videlicet [here infert an exaQ Copy of futb Part of the Affejmchl at relates to the Premifes before defcribed.']

Note. — The Land Tax mufi he divided into as many equal Parts as there art Tears within the Period of Payment^ computing the fame from the Twenty fifth Day of March preceding the making of the Contraft.

The Conti deration is declared to be fo much Money to be paid to the Receiver General or Ws Deputy, if in England, or to the Colle#or of the Cefs, if in Scotland, for the County of	or	the	Divifion	of

in the County of	as	will	be	fufticient	for	the

Redemption of	Part	of	the	faid	Land	Tax,	on or

before the Twenty fifth Day of March next, further Part of the faid Land Tax, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March (the fucceeding Year),	Pounds	further	Part

of the faid Land Tax on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March, 6cc. See. (and fo on every fucceeding Year} according to the Price of Stock tranfmitted to the Receiver General or CoHe&or in tlje Second Week fubfequent to the Date hereof, with refpe# to the Payment or Payments to be made in the Firft Year of the Contra#; and with re(pe# to the Payments to be made in the Second and every fubfequent Year of the Contra#, according to the Price of Stock to be fo certified in the Third Week after the Twenty fifth Day of March preceding fuch Payments refpe#ively; fuch yearly Payments to be due in Two Inftalments; videlicet, on the Twenty ninth Day of September, and the Twenty fifth Day of March in each Year, with Intereft to be paid at the time of the Second and each fubfetuient In-ftalmcnt, to the Receiver General or his Deputy, or to the Colle#or, equal to the Amount of the Land Tax redeemed, deducting therefrom a Sum bearing the fame Proportion to fuch Land Tax as the Amount of Stock transferred before the time of each Payment bears to the whole Amount of Stock agreed to be transferred oil fuch Contract.

RULES and Dire#ions applicable to the above Contra# [B.] to be obferved in carrying the fame into Execution, in addition to the Rule annexed to Schedules [A. No. 1.] and [A. No. 2.]

ift. The Confideration upon every fuch Colitra# (hall, for the Time of Pay. Payment or Payments to be made on or before the Twenty fifth ment on Con-Day of March next after the making the Contra#, be in one Sum, ,ra^ ™de *fttr to be paid on or before that Day, if the Contra# be entered into a^th Sep** after the Twenty ninth Day of September in that Year.

ad. tjpon all Contra#* to be entered into before the Twenty ninth Times of Pay-Day of September in any Year, the Payments for the Firft Year (hall menton Con-bc made in Two Inftalments, on or before the Twenty ninth Day of tra&* madebe-September and the Twenty fifth Day of March next enfuing the Date fore.a9!h.^ePt* of the Contra#, and the Payments for the Secondhand every fob- ™ nt Years! Sequent Year of the Contra#, (hall be made in like manner and at H the like Periods.

The Amount to be paid in the Firft Year of the Contra#, Amount afecr-be ascertained according to the Price of Stuck tranfmitted, as tained. isrdirtded by the A& o£ 43 Geo. III. in th? Second Week fub-

N n 4	fequent





552

C. 123.	53*	GEO.	IIL	A.D.1813.

fequent to the Daw of entering into the Contraft, and the Amount to be paid in the Second and every fubfequent Year of the Contiad, (hall be ascertained according to the Price of Stock tranfmitted as aforefaid, in the Third Week after the Twenty fifth Day of Morel) preceding fuch Payments, and conformably to the Table in the Schedule of the Aft of 42 Geo. III. marked L. or the Table in the Schedule of the Aft of 43 Geo III. as the cafe fhall require; and the Two Inftalments for each Year fhall be afeertained by the fame Price of Stock as lafl aforefaid.

Schedule [C.]

FORM of the Certificate of the Contraft for the Redemption of Land Tax, in cafes where the Premifes confifl of Mef-fuages, Tenements or Buildings, with the Appurtenances, not including in the Whole more than One fourth Part of a Statute Acre.

KNOW all Men, That we	Two	of	the

Commiffioners afting in the Execution of the Afts for the Redemption of the Land Tax, do hereby certify, That we have contra&ed and agreed with	for	the Redemption by

of	Land	Tax,	being the Land Tax charged

upon [here deferibe the Premifes from the Affidavit annexed to the Cer» t if cate of Land Tax’], as appears by the Affidavit in Writing of

duly made, figned and fworn, purfuant to the Ad of 53 Geo. III. and which Premifes are aflefled in the Affeflment made for the	of	in	the	of

for the Year as follows; videlicet,

The Confideration is declared to be	in Money, being

Eighteen times the Amount of the Land Tax before deferibed to be paid to the Receivers General for the	of

or his Deputy, [or, the Colleftor of the Cefs for

] in one Sum, within Three Calendar Months from the

Date hereof.

RULES and Direftious appliable to the above Contraft [C.] to be obferved in carrying the fame into Execution.

Regiftry of	ift.	Every	fuch	Contraft,	upon	Payment of the whole Confidera*

Contrails. tion mentioned therein, being certified by Endorfement thereon, v direfted by the faid prior Afts, may, if the Party or Parties to the fame (hall cboofe, be tranfmitted to the Commiffioners entering into the fame, who (hall forthwith caufe the fame to be regiftered, with aa Endorfement thereon, of the time from which the Land Tax fhall be deemed to be exonerated, and after fuch Regiftry and Endorfement, to be tranfmitted to the faid Party or Parties, or his, her or ther Agent lawfully authorized to receive the fame ; and the Land Ta (hall be exonerated accordingly.

When LandTax 2The Land Tax comprized in any fuch Contraft, whereon the exonerated. Confideration (hall be duly paid as aforefaid, (hall 'be deemed to be and (hall be exonerated from the Quarter Day next after the Day of entering into the (aid Contraft 5 and in Default of fuch Payment, within the Period limited, it (hall be lawful for the Commimoneit entering into the fame to refeind the Contraft, or to confirm the fane conditionally, on Payment of lawful Intereft from the Day of entenig into the Contraft to the time of fuch Payment being made; and toe

Certificate





553

A.D.x8i3'	53°	GEO.	III.	C.	123.

Certificate of the laid Commiffioners, confirming fuch Contrad, (hall be an Authority to the refpedive Receivers General to receive the Confideration with Intereft as aforefaid ; and the Land Tax comprized in fuch Contract (hall in fuch cafe be deemed to be exonerated from the Quarter Day fucceeding fuch Payment.

Schedule [D.]

FORM of the Certificate for the Contrad for the Redemption of Land Tax, in cafes where the Confideration is propofed to be in Money payable by way of additional Affeffment. KNOW all Men, That we	Two	of	the

Commifiioners ading in the Execution of the feveral Ads for the Redemption of the Land Tax, do hereby certify, That we have con-traded and agreed with	being	authorized	to

con trad for fuch Redemption as appears by the Affidavit in Writing of	duly	made,	figned	and	fworn	purfuant	to

the Ad of 53 Geo. III. for the Redemption of	Land

Tax, being the Land Tax charged upon

and which Premifes are affeffed in the Affeffment made for the ^ of	in	the	of

for the Year	as	follows	;	videlicet,

[here infert an exaS Copy of fuch Parti of the Ajfejfment as relate to the Premifes before defcribed. ]

[D. No. I.]

[To be ufed in cafes where the Term of AJfeJfment is limited.]

The Confideration is declared to be an annual Affeffment in addition to the faid Land Tax of the annual Sum of

being e^ual in Amount to the faid Land Tax, for and during the Term o? Eighteen Years from the Twenty fifth Day of Marchlaft ; fubjed to the Rules and Provifions contained in the faid Ad, and expreffed in the Schedule thereto annexed, marked [D. No. 1.]

[D No. 2.]

[To be ufed in cafes where the Term of Ajfejfment is to ceafe on the Completion of the Amount of Stock.]

The Confideration is declared to be an annual AflefTment in addition to the faid Land Tax, of the annual Sum of

being equal in Amount to the faid Land Tax, to be afieffed and paid until the Monies, with the accumulating Intereft and Dividends arifing from all fuch Contrads as (hall be entered into from the Twenty fifth Day of March laft for One Year, (hall have pur-chafed Stock exceeding the Land Tax redeemed thereby by One Tenth Part thereof; and the fame fhall be declared in the manner direded by the Ad of 53 Geo. III. and then to ceafe, together with the Affeffments of Land Tax; and all Intereft or Dividends on Stock purchafed by fuch additional Land Tax fhall be invefted in the Purchafe of Three Pouuds per Centum Annuities, in like manner, and fo that the fame may accumulate in the nature of Compound Intereft, to the Ufe and for the Benefit of the Parties paying fuch additional Afleffments towards the Completion of the Contrads, during all fuch time as the Land Tax and fuch additional Afleffments fhall be payable.

RULES and Provifions applicable to the above Contrad [D.] to be obferved in carrying the fame into Execution, xft. Upon every Contrad entered into, where the Confideration

(hall

554

Additional AC-fe indents made by Commiffioo-ers of Land Tax.

3« O.3.C.J.

C.123.

53° GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

Firft Year'* ad. ditional AflefT-ment paid be-fore Contrail available.

Colle&ort of additional Aflefl*-ment.

Powers of Cotn-tniflioners and Colled ors in relation to additional Afleff-mento.

(hall be in Money payable by way of additional A (Teflonent, the Payment or Payments to be made in each Year* as the fame (hall be in-ferted in the Abftrads thereof, to be tranfmitted by the Commifliooers for executing this Ad to the refpedive Commiflioners of Land Tax, ading in the Execution of an A& pafled in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for granting an Aid to His Majefty by way of Land Tax, (hall be added to each Year’s AfleiTment of Land Tax in a diftind Column, fet oppofite to the Land Tax intended to be redeemed by fuch additional AflefTment: Provided that where any Coutrad (hall be made after the Land Tax AfleiTment for that Year (hall have been (igned and allowed* and delivered to the refpedive Collectors, the additional AfleiTment for that Year may be made bn a feparate Form, and annexed to the Duplicate of Afleflment, and colleded with the next Payments remaining to be made of the faid fuch Land Tax.

2d. No Contrad for the Redemption of Land Tax, by way of as additional AfleiTment, (hall be available in any refped, until the Amount of the Firft Year’s additional Afleflment (hall be fully paid to the Receiver General for the Place in England, or his Deputy, or \he Colledor of the Cefs for the Place in Scotland, and a Certificate or Receipt for fuch Payment be obtained; which every fuch Receiver General or his Deputy, and every fuch Colledor, is hereby required to give gratis, without any Stamp Duty.

3d. The Collectors of Land Tax appointed by virtue of the (aid Land Tax Ad, (hall in their feveral Parifliea, Places and Divifioos, be Colledor3 of the (aid additional Afleffiments given to them re-fpedively in Charge, without any other or further Appointment than as Collectors of Land Tax, and the Warrant for colfeding the Land Tax (hall be a fufficient Authority for them to colled the feid additional Afleflments; provided that all fnch additional AfTeflinents (hall be firft allowed and figrted by Two or more Commiffioners of Land Tax m the Drviliod where the feme (hall be charged.

4th. The refpedive Commiffioners ading in the Execution of the faid Land Tax Ad, and the refpedive Co&dots appointed by virtue thereof, are hereby feverafty empowered and requited to do all things neceflary m relation to the additional Afleffiments made by virtue of fuch Contrads as feft aforefaid, and of this Ad, in as faH and ample a manner as Commiffioners and Collectors are refpedfrfely empowered and authorized to do by virtue of the faid Land Tax Ad: And iff Powers, Remedies, Clawfes, Matters and Things contained m the find Land Tax Ad for demanding or receiving the faid Land Ta* of the feveral Perfons chargeable therewith, or fer levying the ferae from the faid Perfons, or upon the Premifes charged there with1, or of paying and accounting for the Monies received by virtue of the (aid Ad, (hall be appfied, ufed and etfercifed in the demanding and receiving the Monies to arife from the (aid1 additional Afleflments to be made under the Authority of this Ad from the feme Perfons re-fpedively, and in levying the feme frodlthe feme Perfons, or upon the lame TVemrfes refpedively ; and hi paying and accounting for the fetd Monies of the faid additional A-fleflments received in the lanrie 5 and in as fuR and ample a manner as if the fame Powers, Remedies, dairies. Matters and Things had been feverally re-enaded in this Ad, ami Had bmu caprefuy applied to the additional Afieffitetota thereby authorized,

$jfu The

A.D.i8ij.

53° GEO. III.

C.123.

sss

5tb. The refpefeive Occupiers of any Meffuages, Lances, Tene- Tenants to dements or Hereditaments charged with Land Tax intended to be re- du& V*ymcntM deemed by way of additional Afleflments, and holding under the 01,1 Rent* Bodies, Companies or Perfons named in the Contrads for Redemption, being refpeftively Tenants of the fame, and paying the (aid additional Affelfincnts on behalf of fuch Bodies, Companies and Perfons refpe&ively, (hall dedud the Amount thereof from the Rent payable to the Bodies, Companies or Perfons 'entering into the Contrads for fuch Redemption; fuch Dedudione to be made out of any Rent payable after fuch Payments; and the Occupiers being re* fpedirely Tenants paying the faid additional AffrfTments, (hall be acquitted and difcharged of fo mtfch Money as if the fame had adually been paid unto the Bodies, Companies or Perfoos refpedively to whom fuch Rent (hall have been payable; and the feveral Bodies,

Companies and Perfons refpedively, (hall allow fuch Dedudioas and Payments upon Receipt of the Refidue of the Rents, under the Penalty herein contained*

6th. If any Perfon or Perfons, after entering into any Contrad for Not allowing Redemption of Land Tax, by way of additional Aflefsment, (hall Dedu&ion. receive any Rent liable to Dedudion as aforefaid, without allowing fuch Dedudion after Demand thereof made, every fuch Perfon (ha& forfeit and pav Treble the Amount of the Rent fo received, to be Penalty, recovered and applied as any Penalty may be recovered and applied	1

under the faid Land Tax, Ad, or under any of the Ads for or in relation to the Redemption of Land Tax in force at the time of paffiog thin Ad, and the Contrad (hall thereupon be void; provided that the CommUBoners for executing this Ad may, if they (hall be (atiafitd that fuch Refufal was not wilful, or arofe from Miftake or Error, confirm the Contrad, as if no fuch Refufal had taken place.

7th. All Land Tax contracted to be redeemed by an additional Form of Pay. Affefinent in the Forms of and according to the Contrad marked mem for 18 [D. No. i ] (hall be jwyftble, and (hall b* affeffed and paid for the I'*”"'*'1 Term of Eighteen Years* computed from the Commencement of the ^ x*

Year of the Date of the Contrad, and accounted for during the faiid

Period as if no Contrad had been made for the Redemption thereof;

and all Land Tax contraded to be redeemed by an additional Affeff-

rnent in the Terms of and according to the Contrad marked [D. Until Comple-

No.s.], (hall be payable, and (hall be afiefled and paid and accounted tion of Stock

for in like manner, until the Stock purchafed in the Three Pounds under No*z*

per Centum Bank Annuities by the Monies arifing from the additional

Afibffinents, and paid into the Bank of England by virtue of all filch

Contrad* entered into in each Yew of Afiefixnent, together with the t

Stock to be purchafed by and from the Inters ft. and Dividend to wife !

therefrom, and hereinbefore direded to be accumulated, fhaft produce

an Ixtereft or Dividend exceeding the Land Tax redeemed by One

Tenth Part thereof, and until the End of the Year o£ Aflefftnent in which fuch Amount of Stock (hall be purchafed.

8th. Upon Payment of the £aid Land Tax, and die additional ContrafU there-Aflcfftnents thereupon, for the faid Term of Eighteen. Years certain, uPon regift«r«d or until the Amount of Stock (hall be purchafed as. aforefaid^ Land lax according to the Contratt, the Commiffioaers for executing this ezuoeme *

AA on the Certificate of the Governor of the Bank of 1England* that the Tenn of Redemption i*, expired, (hall caufe the Contraffea depending thereon to hr regiftexed and tranknitted to tim mfoedtivt

Parties,

556	C.123.	53°GEOlin.	AJD.1813.

Parties, and Acquittances to be indorfed thereon; and the Land Tax fo redeemed (hall be exonerated, and all Affeffments thereon (hall ceafe and determine from the Expiration of the laid refpe&i* Periods, and the Publication thereof in the London Gazette.

Advance	9th. Any Body, Company or Perfon who (hall have cootra&ed to

CC*	redeem Land Tax by way of additional AfTefTment in purfoance of

this Ad, may pay the whole of the Confideration then remaning unpaid, and not then in AfTefTment, in Advance to the Receiver General for the Place, if in England, or his Deputy, and if in Srtlad, to the Collector of the Cefs for the Place there, on giving Twenty one Days previous Notice in Writing at the lead to fuch Receiver General in England, or to the Receiver General at Edmhnrgb, if in Scotland, of fuch their Intention, naming therein the Day or Days for fuch Payment, and the annual Amount of Land Tax contiadeti for, and the Date of the Contract; and it fhall be lawful for the Receiver General to whom fuch Notice (hall be given, on Produ&os of a Certificate of the laft AfTefTment of Land Tax charged on the Lands and Tenements comprized in fuch Contrad at the time of Pay. ment of the faid Confideration in Advance, to make an Allowance it the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per jlnnum, out of the Sum or Sums fo to be paid in Advance, calculated upon fuch Sum or Sums, for the Period or Periods by which each refpe&ive Sum fhall be paid fooner than the Period flipulated by the faid Contrad ; and in every fuch cafe, the faid Receiver General or his Deputy fhall give the Perfon paying the fame a Certificate of fuch Payment, fpecifyiog therein the Number of Indalments thereby difeharged, and the Amount of Allowance for fuch prompt Payment, and referring to the Certificate of AfTefTment then produced; and fuch Receiver General fhall alfo tranfmit a Copy of fuch Certificate to the Commiffiooen for the Affairs of Taxes, thereby charging himfelf with the Amount received; and every fuch Contract (hall, on Payment of the foil Con-fideration in Advance as aforefaid, be forthwith regiftered, and the Land Tax redeemed thereby fhall be exonerated from the Quarter Day preceding the Completion of fuch Contrail.

Schedule [E.]

GENERAL RULES and DIRECTIONS applicable 10 all before mentioned Contrails for the Redemption of Land Tax, by Payments in Money in purfuance of the Provifions of this Ad.

All Money	ifL	THE Commiflioners for executing this Ad, who (hall hive

Payments infert- entered into any fuch Contrad, fhall, as foon as conveniently can be ed to AfTefTment done after the Date of each Contrad, caufe an Abflrad of fo much sad charged thereof as fhall be neceffary to be tranfmitted to the Commiffionert General*11^	*n	^e Execution of the Land Tax Ad, in the Divifion wbert

CDC	the	Land	Tax contraded for fhall be charged; and the faid lift men-

tioned Commiflioners fhall from time to time caufe Affeffmeots to be made of the Payments which according to fuch Contrad* Audi become due in each Year ending the Twenty fifth Day of March, together with the Amount of the Land Tax contraded for, and the Names of the Contradors and Occupiers of the Premifes whereon the Land Tax is charged, in fuch Form or Forms as fhall be nude out at the Office for Taxes for thatPurpofe; and fhall annually return Duplicates thereof to the Receiver General and the King1* Remembrancer,

557

A.D. i8i3-	53° GEO. HI.	C.123.

roembrancer, in fuch Form and manner, and at fuch times as they are dire&ed to return Duplicates of Land Tax, in order that the refpedive Receivers General may be charged therewith, at the Receipt of His Majcfty’c Exchequer.

2d. Every Payment of Money contra&ed to be made on or before a Payments at particular Day mentioned in the Con trad, (hall be good and valid if ne*t Receipts made to the Receiver General or his Deputy in England, or to the Colle&or of the Cefs in Scotland, upon his Receipt of Land Tax 'which (hall happen next after the Day of Payment mentioned in the Contrad; and on every fuch Payment the Receiver General or his Deputy in England, and the Colle&or of the Cefs in Scotland, (hall give a Receipt under his Hand to the Payer, upon which no Stamp Duty (hall be payable.

3d. On every Default of Payment within the time herein limited. Arrears reco-the Amount due or to be due upon the Contrad (hall be recoverable J5r?bIe as a Debt on Record, and Procefs (hall i(Tue thereon by virtue of the Debt 00 Recor®* Certificate of fuch Default, figned by the Receiver (General or his Deputy, or by the Colledor of the Cefs, to whom fuch Payment ought to have been made and exhibited to one of the Barons of His Majefty’s Exchequer in England and Scotland refpedively ; and if the fame cannot be fo recovered, the Contrad for the Redemption of the Land Tax (hall be void, and the faid Land Tax, if the fame has been exonerated, (hall be revived, and be again payable, as if no fuch Contrad had been entered into.

4th. It (hall be lawful to pay to the Receiver General in England, Confideration or Colledors in Scotland refpedively, the whole of the Confideration P***1 Advance, then remaining unpaid in Advance, according to the Price of Stock in the Week preceding the Day to be named for fuch Payment, not* withstanding any Limitation in the Contrad, provided the Bodies,

Companies or rerfons defirous of making any fuch Payments in Advance, (hall give Twenty one Days previous Notice in Writing at the lead, to fuch Receiver General, if in England, or to the Receiver General at Edinburgh, if in Scotland, of fuch their Intention, naming therein the Day or Days for fuch Payment 5 and every fuch Receiver General (hall, immediately upon the Receipt of fuch Notice, tranfmit to the Commiflioners for the Affairs of Taxes, an Account of the Payments fo intended to be made in Advance, and of the Day or Days on which the fame are intended to be made ; and if the whole of fuch Confideration (hall be fo paid before the Regiftry of the Contrad, or the Exoneration of the Land Tax comprized tnerein, then the faid Contrad (hall be forthwith regiftered, and the Land Tax (hall be exonerated from the Quarter Day preceding the faid Payment.

5th. Upon every Contrad upon which tne Payment of the Con- On making fideration in Money (hall be made by Inffalments, except by way of and additional Affeffment, there (hall be paid, at the time of making the Second, and fo of every fubfequent Inftalment upon fuch Contrad, tereftpaid v by into the Hands of the Receiver General in England, or their Deputies, 42 0.3. c. ill. or the Colledors in Scotland, to the Ufe of His Majefty, his Heirs and $ ay. Succeffors, a Sum of Money by way of Intereft, in like manner and to the like Amount, in all refpeds, as in the laid Ad of the Forty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty is direded in cafes of Transfer of Stock or Payment of Money by inffalments.

CAP.

55*

38G.3.c.8i/

§ 9a. &C*

Allowance to Filh Curers for every Cwt. of dried Conger, &C.

Aft* relative to allowing Salt Duty free extended to Aft.

Bounties on Ex* porta tion of Stuffs of Silk ornamented with Embroidery, dec.

C.i 24, 125.	53° GEO. IB.	A.D.1813.

CAP. CXXIV.

An Aft for allowing the TJfe of Salt Duty free for curing Conger, Polock, Bream, Ray and Scate. [iztkjuly 1813.]

*	TT7HEREAS by an Aft made in the Thirty eighth Year of the

*	W Reign of His prefent Majefty King George ftie ThW, *■ among other things, for transferring the Management of the Sdt < Duties to the Commiflioners of Excife, Safi is allowed to be

♦ delivered Duty free for curing and ©referring futh Fife as are in

•	the faid Aft; in that behalf mentioned: And whereas it is expedient

•	to extend the faid Allowance to fuch other Fifh as ate hereinafter

•	in that behalf mentioned Be it therefore enafted by the King's Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice atnd Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thh prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of feme, That, from and after the palling of this Aft, all and every FHh Curer and Fife Carers, to whom any Salt fhall, under the Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions and Ptorifions of the faid Aft, be delivered Doty free, for the Purpofe of curing and preferring Fifh, to be allowed 1 Credit not exceeding Fifty rounds Weight of Salt for every Hundred Weight of dried Conger, Polock, Bream, Ray and Sate, and fo in Proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity.

II. And be it further enafted, That the faid Credits fhall be allowed under and fubieft to the fame Rules, Regulations, Reftridkns and Prorifions as are by the faid Aft or by any other Aft or Aft* of Parliament in force at the time of patting this Aft contained, provided, fettled or eftablifhed, for or in refpeft of allowing Salt Duty free, for the Purpofe of curing and preferring Fifh, or for or is refpeft of allowing Fifh Curers Credit for Salt delivered to them fix the Purpofe afbrefeid 5 and the faid Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions and Prorifions, and the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, by the faid feveral Afts impofed for any Breach or Difobedience thereof refpeftively, fhall be ufed, applied and put in Execution for the Pur* pofes of this Aft, and'fbr the Prevention of Frauds in Contravention thereof, or of the faid fevend other Afts of Parliament, or any or cither of them, as fully and effefttiaUy to all Intents and Purpofe* as if the fame werefevendly repeated and re-enafted in this prefect Aft.

CAP. CXXV.

An Aft; to allow a Bounty upon the Exportation of Stuffs of Silk ornamented with Embroidery, Tambour, Needle Work, Lace or Fringe;, and upon the Exportation of Ribbons made of Silk mixed withtnkle or Cotton. [12th July 1813.] « \WT HERE AS it is expedient to giver further Encouragement 4 VV tothe SilkMkmifefturers of Great Britain?9 Beittberefbie enafted by the King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confemt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, mid Commons, in this prefent Parliament afenWed, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of July Ok thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, the fame Bounties which by the Laws in force are payable refpeftively upon the Exportation from Gnat Britain of Stuffs of Silk mixed with Gold or Oliver, Stuffs of

fi	Silk



$59

A.p.i8i3*

53* GEO. HI.

C.I2 $, 126.

Silk only, Stuffs of Silk mixed with Inkle or Cotton, and Stuffs of Silk and Worfted, (hall be allowed and paid on fuch Staffs re-fpedively, although the fame may be oriamenled with Embroidery,

Tambour, Needle Work, Lace or Fringe, provided the Ornaments on or attached to the Stuffs mixed with Gold or Silver, and likewise the Stuffs of Silk only, are of Silk, Gold and Silver, or either or all of them, and that the Ornaments on or attached to the Stuffs of Silk mixed with Inkle or Cotton, and likewise to the Stuff's of Silk mixed with Worded, are of Silk, Inkle, Cotton, Worded, or either or all of them.

II* And be it further eaa&ed, That the Bounty which by tbe And on Export* Laws in force is payable upon the Exportation of Stuffs of Silk mixed	ot Ribbon*

with Inkle or Cotton (hall be allowed and paid on Ribbons made of 5n“ed Silk mixed with Inkle or Cotton: And fuch Bounties refpedively Condition*. fhall be paid and allowed in the fame manner, and fubjed to the fame Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are dire&ed and provided by the Laws in force with refped to any other Bounty on Manufadurcs of Silk exported from Great Britain, fo far as the fame are applicable and not hereby altered: Provided always, that no Bounty (hall be paid or allowed on any of the faid Silk Manufadures, unlels the Value of the Goods at the Pbrt of Exportation is at lead Four times the Amount of the Bounty claimed thereon.

XTTHEREAS an Ad paffed in the Ninth and Tenth Year 9& 10W.3.

*	VV of the Reign of His late Majefty King William the Third, c.

*	intituled An AS for the better preventing the Embezzlement of € Hit Majefty*s Stores of War; ana preventing Cheats, Frauds and

*	Abufes in paying Seamen9s Wages : And whereas great Frauds are 4 pra&tifed in the Embezzlement of Public Stores not under the Care,

4 Superintendence or Qontroul of the Principal Officers or Com-

*	miffionera of the Navy, Ordnance or Vidualling Office, at)d 4 Doubts have ajifen whether fuch Stores are withip the Prqvifions of 4 the faid recited Ad; and it is therefore expedient that the Pro-4 vifiotis of the faid Ad (hould extend to all Public Stores :9 Be it therefore enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Qonfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority

of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, the faid Extended to recited Ad of the Ninth and Tenth Year of King William the Third, Stores having and all the Penalties, Forfeitures and Claufes, and Provifions for the ufu*l Marks to Recovery thereof, and for the Prevention of the Embezzlement of denote Public any Stores in the faid Ad particularly deferibed, and the Punilh- Swres* meat of Perfons. offending therein, (hall extend and be conftruod to extend to all Public 8tores whatsoever, having thereon or therein the Marks ufually employed to denote the Public Stores under the Care, Superintendence or Controul of any Officer or Perfon in His Majeftjr’s Service, or employed in any Public Department or Office,

CAP. CXXVI.

An Ad to extend the Provifions of an Ad of tbe Ninth and Tenth Year of King William the Third, for preventing the Embezzlement of Stores of War, to all Public Stores.

[rath July 1813.]

and

$6o	C.	126,127.	530GEO.HL	A.D. 1813.

and to all Perfons not authorized by contrafting with fome fuck Officer or Perfoti ufing any Marks ufually ufed to or marked upon any of His Majefty’s Stores, or making any Goods fo marked, and to all Perfons in whole Cuftody, Poffeffion or Keeping any foch Goods or Stores fo marked (hall be found without fuch Certificate as is ia the (aid Aft mentioned of fome fuch Officer or Perfon as afbrefaid, as fully and effeftually to all Intents and Purpofes as if all the (aid Penalties and Forfeitures, and Claufes, Provifions, Matters and Things in the (aid Aft contained, for the Prevention of Embezzle^ ment of Stores and Puniftunent of Perfons offending therein, were feverally and feparately re-enafted in this Aft as to afl Public Stores whatfoever and made Part thereof.

CAP. CXXVII.faf/

An Aft for the better Regulation of Ecclefiaftical Courts in England; and for the more eafy Recovery of Church Rates and Tithes.	[12th	July	1813.3

*	TT7HEREAS it is expedient that Excommunication, together

*	VV with all Proceedings following thereupon, (hould, laving in

*	certain cafes, be difcontinued, and that other Proceedings (hould be

*	fubflituted in lieu thereof; and that certain other Regulations

*	(hould be made in the Proceedings of the Ecclefiaftical Courts ;

*	and that more convenient modes of recovering Tithes and Church « Rates in certain cafes (hould be provided ;* Re it therefore enafted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this Aft, Excommunication, together with all Proceedings following thereupon, (hall in all cafes, fave thofe hereafter to be Specified, be difcontinued, throughout that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England; and that in all Caufes which according to the Laws of this Realm are cognizable in the Ecclefiaftical Courts, when any Perfon or Perfons having been duly cited to appear in any Ecclefiaftical Court, or required to comply with the lawful Orders or Decrees, as well final as interlocutory, of any fuch Court, (hall negleft or refufe to appear, or negleft or refufe to pay Obedience to fuch lawful Orders or Decrees, or when any Perfon or Perfons (hall commit a Contempt in the Face of fuch Court, no Sentence of Excommunication (hall be given or pronounced $ faring in the particular cafes hereafter to be (pecified ; but inftead thereof, it (hall be lawful for the Judges or Judge who iflued out the Citation, or whole lawful Orders or Decrees have not been obeyed, or before whom fuch Contempt in the Face of the Court (hall have been committed, to pronounce fuch Perfon or Perfons contumacious and in contempt, and within Ten Days to fignify the fame in the Form to this Aft annexed,

I Vt.i6.b5S' 3B4H.UIto His Majefty in Chancery, as hath heretofore been done in fignify-Satne as in	ing Excommunications ; and thereupon a Writ de Contumace Capiendo*

Writ de Ex-	in the Form to this Aft annexed, (hall iflue from the CourTof

Chancery, direfted to the lame Perfons to whom the Writs de Ex-Capwndv. communieato Capiendo have heretofore been direfted; and the fame (hall be returnable in like manner as the Writ de Excowmxmcan

Capiendo

Excommumea* rion difcontinued, except in certain caiaa.



A.D.i8i3-	53°GEO.III.	C.127.	S&1

Cafundo hath been by Law returnable heretofore, and (hall have the fame Force and Effect as the faid Writ ; and all Rules and Regulations not hereby altered, now by Law applying to the faid Writ and the Proceedings following thereupon, and particularly the feveral Provilions contained in a certain Aft paded in the Fifth Year of 5 El. c. 23. Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Att for the due Execution of the Writ de Excommunicato Capiendo, fhall extend and be applied to the faid Writ de Contumace Capiendo and the Proceedings following thereupon, as if the fame were herein particularly repeated and enafted ; and the proper Officers of the faid Court of Chancery are hereby authorized and required to iffue luch Writ de Contumace Capiendo accordingly ; and all Sheriffs, Gaolers and other Officers are hereby authorized and required to execute the fame, by taking and detaining the Body of the Perfon again ft whom the faid Writ (hall be direfted to be executed ; and upon the due Appearance of the Party fo citrd and not having appeared as aforefaid, or the Obedience of the Party fo cited and not having obeyed as aforefaid, or the due Sub-miffion of the Party fo having committed a Contempt in the Face of the Court, the Judges or Judge of fuch Ecclefiaftical Court fhall pronounce fuch Party abfolved from the Contumacy and Contempt aforefaid, and (hall forthwith make an Order upon the Sheriff,

Gaoler or other Officer in whofe Cuftody he (hall^he, in the Form to this Aft annexed, for difeharging fuch Party out of Cuftody, and fuch Sheriff, Gaoler or other Officer (hall, on the faid Order being (hewn to him, fo foon as fuch Party (hall have difeharged the Cofts lawfully incurred by reafon of fuch Cuftody and Contempt forthwith difeharge him.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing in In what cafes this Aft contained (hall prevent any Ecclefiaftical Court from pro- Excommunica-nouncing or declaring Perfons to be Excommunicate in definitive Sen- t!on con~ tcnces, ‘or in interlocutory Decrees having the Force and Effeft of t,nuc‘ definitive Sentences, fuch Sentences or Decrees being pronounced

as Spiritual Cenfures for Offences of Ecclefiaftical Cognizance, in the lame manner as fuch Court might lawfully have pronounced or declared the fame, had this Aft not been paffed.

III.	And be it further enafted. That no Perfon who (hall be fo Proceedings in pronounced or declared Excommunicate, (hall incur any Civil Penalty cafe of Excom-or Incapacity whatever, in confequence of fuch Excommunication, munication. fave fuch Imprisonment, not exceeding Six Months, as the Court pronouncing or declaring fuch Perfoo Excommunicate (hall direft,

and in fuch cafe the faid Excommunication, and the Term of fuch Imprifonment, (hall be fignified or certified to His Majefty in Chancery, in the fame manner as Excommunications have been heretofore fignified, and thereupon the Writ de Excommunicato Capiendo (hall iffue, and the ufual Proceedings (hall be had, and the Party being taken into Cuftody (hall remain therein for the Term fo direfted, or. until he (hall be abfolved by fuch Ecclefiaftical Court.

* IV. And whereas in the Seventh and Eighth Years of King 7 k 8W.j.c.6,

1 William the Third an Aft was made and paffed, intituled An A3 for S *•

*	the more eafj Recovery of Small Tithes, whereby, amongft other

*	things therein enafted. Two or more of His Majefty’s Juft ices of

*	the Peace are authorized and required to hear and determine Com-

*	plaints touching Tithes, Oblations and Compofitions fubftrafted or 'withheld, not exceeding Forty Shillings: And whereas it has

53 Geo. III.	, Oo	'become

 ^ooQle

562

Jufticcfc of Peace may determine Complaints re-t'pefcting Tithes rot exceeding Ten Pounds.

Limitation of Adtions refpedl-ing Tithes.

7&8W.3. c-34*5 4-and i G.I. Stat.z. c.6.

is to Quakers negledling to pay Tithes, &c. extended.

Rceovery of Church or Chaptl Rates.

C. 127*	53°GEO.III.	A.D.1813.

* become expedient to enlarge fuch Amount, and alfo to extend the 4 faid A& to all Tithes whatfoever of certain limited Amount ;* Be it enacted, That fuch Juftices of the Peace (hall, from and after the paiTing of this A&, be authorized and required to hear and determine all Complaints touching Tithes, Oblations and Compofitions fub-ftrafted or withheld, where the fame (hall not exceed Ten Pounds in Amount from any one Perfon, in all fuch cafes, and by all fuch means, s>nd fubje& to all fuch Provifions'and Remedies, by Appeal or other-wife as contained in the faid A6fc of King William, touching Small Tithes, Oblations and Compofitions not exceeding Forty Shilling*: Provided always neverthelefs, that, from and after the palBng of this A£t, One Juftice of the Peace (hall be competent to receive the original Complaint, and to fummon the Parties to appear before Two or more Juftices of the Peace, as in the faid A6t is fet forth.

V. And be it further enaAed, That, from and after the palfing of this A&, no A&ion (hall be brought for the Recovery of any Penalty for the not fetting out Tithes, nor any Suit inflituted in any Court of Equity, or in any Ecclefiaftical Court, to recover the Value of any Tithes, unlefs fuch A6tion (hall be brought or fuch Suit commenced within Six Years from the time when fuch Tithes became due.

4 VI. And whereas in the Seventh and Eighth Years of King

*	William the Third an A& was made and palled, intituled An AS

*	that the folemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People ceM 4 Quakers Jball be accepted irflead of an Oath in the itfual /Vs, 4 whereby, among other things, it is therein ena&ed, where any ‘ Quaker (hall refufe to pay tor or compound for his great or fmall 4 Tithes, or to pay any Church Rates, Two or more of His Majefty’i 4 Juftices of the Peace are authorized to hear and determine the fame,

*	not exceeding the Value of Ten Pounds: And whereas by a Statute 4 made and pafled in the Firft Year of King George the Firft tk « faid A& is extended to other Obje&s: And whereas it is become 4 expedient to enlarge the (aid Sum ;* Be it ena&ed, That, from and after the palling of this A6t, all the Provifions of the faid Afts of King William and King George (hall be deemed and taken to extend to any Value not exceeding Fifty Pounds; Provided always nevertk* lefs, that, from and after the paffing of this A&, One Juftice of tk Peaee (hall be competent to receive the original Complaint, and to fummon the Parties to appear before Two or more Juftices of tk Peace* «& in the faid A& is fet forth.

4 VII, And whereas it in expedient that Church Rates or Chapel 4 Rates of limited Amount, unduly refufed or withheld, (hould m 4 certain cafes be more oafily and fpeedily recoveredBe it enadH That, from and after the palling of this A&, if any one dulj rated to a Church Rate or Chapel Rate, the Validity whereof has not beet queftipued in any Ecclefiattical Court, (hall refufe or negle& to pay the fame Sum at which he is fo rated, it (hall and may be lawful for any One Juftice qF the Peace of the fame County, Riding, City, liberty or Town Corporate, where the ChuTch pr Chapel isUtumri, in refptft whereof fuch Rate (hafl have been made, upon the Com-plaint of any Churchwarden o/t Churchwardens, Chapel warden or Chapelwardeos, who ought fo receive and caUeft the fame, by Warrant under the tWd aud Seal of fuch Juftice, to convene before any Two oc more fuch Juftices of the Peace any Perfon fo refilling

if	or





A.D.1813.

S3® GEO. III.

C. 127.

563

Qr weeding to pay fuch Rate, and to examine upon Oath (which Oath the faid Juft ices are hereby empowered to adminifter) into the Merits of the laid Complaint, and by Oder under their Hand* and Seals to direft the Payment of what is due and payable in refpeft to fuch Rate, fo as the Sum ordered and direfted to be paid as afore-faid do not exceed Ten Pounds, over and above the neafonable Cods and Charges, to be afccrtained by fuch Juftices; and upon Refufal or Negleft of fuch Party to pay according to fuch Order* it (hall and may be lawful for any One of fuch Juftices, by Warrant under his Haod and Seal, to levy the Money thereby ordered to be paid, together with the Amount of fuch Cods ahd Charges, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods of fuch Offender, his Executors or Adminife trators, rendering only the Overplus to him or her, the neceffary Charges of diftraining being thereout fkft dedufted and allowed by the feid Juftices ; and any Perfon finding him or hdrfeif aggriered by any Judgment given by Two or more fuch Juftices, may appeal to the next General Quarter Seflions to be held for the County, Riding, Cky, .Liberty or Town Corporate wherein the Church or Chapel is (ituated, in refpeft whereof fuch Rate fhall have been made, and the Juftices of the Peace there nrrfent, or the major part of them, fhall proceed finally to hear and determine the Matter, and to reverie the (aid Judgment if they fhall fee Caufe; and if the Juftices then prefent, or the major part of them, fhall fihd caufe to affirm the Judgment

fiven by the firft Two or more Juftices, the fame fnall be decreed y Order of SefiioUs, with Cofts, againft the Appellant, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the faid Party Appellant: Provided always, that in cafe any fuch Appeal be made as aJForefaid, no Warrant oh Diftrefs (hall be granted until after fuch Appeal be determined: Provided alfo, that nothing herein contained fhall extend to alter or interfere with the Jurifdiftion of the Eccle-fiaftkal Cdurts to hear and determine Caufes touching the Validity of any Church Rate or Chapel Rate, or from proceeding to enforce the Payment of arty fuch Rate, if the fame fnall exceed the Suth of Ten Pounds from the Party proceeded againft 2 Provided likewife, that if the Validity of fuch Rate, or the Liability of the Perfon from whom it is demanded to pay the feme, be difputed, and the Party difputuig the feme give Notice thereof to the Juftices, the Juftices fhall forbear giving Judgment thereupon, and the Perfon br Perfon* demanding the feme may then proceed to the Recovery of their Demand, according to due Courfe of Law* as heretofore ufed and accaftoUied : Provided likewife, that nothing herein contained fhall aflfeft any Regulations that may have been made by Authority of Parliament, refpefting the Church Rates or Chapel Rates of any particular Parifhes or Diftrifts.

VIII. And be it farther enafted, That, from and after the prififtg of this Aft, if any Proftor of the Arches Court of Canterbury, or any other Ecdefiaftical CouU or Courts in which he fhall be entitled to aft as Proctor, fhall aft as fafch, or permit or fiiffet his Name to be in any manner ufed in any Suit, the PrefecutioU 6t Defence whereof fhall appertain to the Office of a ProftOr, or iti obtaining Probates of Wills, Letters of Admimftration or Marriage Licence*, to or for, or on account of for the Profit and Benefit of aby Perfon or Perfons tool entitled to aft as a Pfoftor, or fhall petfhit dr fuffet any fuch Perfoi or Perfons to demand or participate m ftteb Profit O o 2	and

Appeal

Provifo for Ecclcfiafticai Jurifdi&ion.

Provifo.

Prod on allowing their Names to be ufed by Perfons not entitled to ad as Prodors ft ruck off Roll

 LjOOQle

S64

Exception

Perfons exer-ciliug Fundi ions of a k'rodior not being duly enrolled.

Penalty.

ProVifo for Salaries of Clerks of Seven Years itanduig.

Recovery of Penalties, See.

Limitation of A&ions.

General Iffue.,

C.127.	53'GEO.III.	AJD.1813.

and Benefit, and Complaint thereof fhall be made to the Court or Courts wherein fuch Prodor hath been admitted and enrolled, and Proof given to the Satisfadion of the faid Court or Courts that focb Prodor hath offended therein as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe every fuch Prodor fo offending (hall be (truck off the Roll of Prodorr, and be for ever after difabled from pradifing as a Prodor, or be fufpended from the Office, Fundion and Pradice of a Prodor in all and every the faid Court or Courts for fo long a Period as the Judge or Judges of the faid Court or Courts may deem fit; fave and except as to toy Allowance or Allowances, Sum or Sums of Money that are or (bail be agreed to be made to the Widows or Children of any dcceaied Prodor or Prodors by any furviving Partner or Partners of fuch deccafed Prodor or Prodors 5 and alfo fave and except as to any Agreement made,.or underffood to have been made, between Proctors and Articled Clerks, whofe Articles have been executed prior to the paffing of this Ad.

IX.	And be it further enaded. That, from and after the paffing of this Ad, in cafe any Perfon or Perfons (hall in his or in their ©vd Name, or in the Name of any other Perfon or Perfons, make, do, ad, exercife or perform any Ad, Matter or Thing whatsoever io any way appertaining or belonging to the Office, Fundion or Pradice of a Prodor, for or in Consideration of any Gain, Fee or Reward, or with a View to participate in the Benefit to be derived from the Office, Fundions or Pradice of a Prodor. without being admitted and enrolled, every fuch Perfon, for every fuch Offence, mall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be fued for and recovered in manner hereinafter mentioned.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conflrued to extend to any Salary which (hall be agreed to be paid by a Prodor, his Partner or Succeffor, to a Clerk really and bona fide ferving io his Office at the time of. the paffing of this Ad, and who (hall have been Ua fide ferving in the Office of any Prodor or Prodors for Serea

Years next before the paffing of the fame.

XI.	And be it further enaded. That all pecuniary Forfeiture! and Penalties impofed on any Perfon or Perfons for Offences committed againft this Ad, (hall and may be fued for and recovered in any of His Maicfly’s Courts of Record at IVefiminJUr, by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Effiun, Protedion, Privilege, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance (hall be allowed, and wherein the Plaintiff, if he or (he (hall recoin any Penalty or Penalties, fhall receive the fame for his or her own Ule, with full Cods of Suit.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Adion or Suit (hill be brought or commenced for any thing done in purfuancc of this Ad, every fuch Adion or Suit (hall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after .the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and fhall be laid and tried in the City or County wherein the Ciufc of Adion fhall have arifen, and not elfewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adion or Suit (hall and may plead the Geoeral Iffue, and give this Ad and the Special Matter m Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuancc or, by the Authority of this Ad ; and if the fame (hall appear to have been fo done, or if any Adion or Suit fhall be brougnt after

tfe

 C^ooQle

A.D.1813.	5rGE0.m.	c.127.	565

the time limited for bringing the fame, or (hall be laid in any other City, County or Place than as aforefaid, then the Jodge (hall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon fuch Verdi&, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited, or fuffer a Difcontinuance of their A&ion or Suit, after the Defendant,or Defendants (hall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment^fhall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants (hall have Treble Treble Cofti. Cofts, and (hall have fuch Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or.

Defendants hath or have for Coils of Suit in any other cafe by Law,

SCHEDULES to which this A<fl refers.

Schedule (A.)

TO His Mod Excellent Majefty and our Sovereign Lord Georg* Significarit of the Third, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Party being Britain and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith,	Contumacimi*

by Divine Providence, &c.	Health	in

Him by whom Kings and Princes rule and govern: We hereby. ^ notify and fignify unto Your Majefty, That one	of

in the County of	hath	been	duly

pronounced guilty of manifeft Contumacy and Contempt of the Law and Jurifdi&ion Ecclefiaftical, in not [as the cafe may be'] appearing before [here ft out the Style of the Ecclefafical Judge, or his Refre-fenlative], or in not obeying the lawful Commands [here fit out the Commands] of [fuch Judge or Representative] or in having committed a Contempt in the race of the Court of [fuch Judge or Representative] lawfully authorized by [here fit out the nature and manner of fuch Cbntempt], on a Day and Hour now long paft, in a certain Caufe of [here fit out the nature of the Caufi, and the Names of the Parties to the fame]. We therefore humbly implore and entreat Your faid Moll Excellent Majefty would vouchfafe to command the Body of the faid	to	be	taken

and imprifoned for fuch Contumacy and Cbntempt. Given under the Seal of our	Court	the

Day of	A.	B. Regiftrar, [or, Deputy Reglftrar, as

the cafe may be].

Schedule (B.)

GEORGE, &c. To the Sheriff of	Greeting:	Writ	de	Cornu,

The	hath	fignified to Us, that	mace	Capiendo.

of	in	your County of

is manifeftly contumacious, and contemns the Jurifdidtion and Authority of [here fully Jlatc the Non-appearance, Difobedience, together *with the Commands difobeyed, or the Contempt in the Face of the Court, as the cafe may be], nor will he fubmit to the Ecclefiaftical Jurifdic-tion; but foralmuch as the Royal Power ought not to be wanting ta enforce fuch Jurifdi&ion, We command you that you attach the faid

by his Body, until he (hall have made Satisfa&ion for the faid Contempt; and how you (hall execute this our Precept notify unto	and	in	nowife	omit	this,

and have you there this Writ. Witncfs Ourfelf at Wellminfter, ihe Day of	in	the

Year of our Reign.

' O o 3	Schedule



S66

530 GEO. III.

Schedule (C.)

A-D.i8i>

C. 127, 128.

Writ of Deli-v trance.

WHEREAS	of

in your County of	whom lately, at	the denouncing of	for	Contumacy,	and	by	Writ iffbed

thereupon, you attached by his Body until he (hould have made Satisfaction for the Contempt; now he haying fubmitted himfelf, and fatisfied the laid Contempt, We hereby empower and command von, that without Delay you caufe thrfaid

to be delivered out of the Prifon in which he is fo detained, if upon that Occafion and no other he (hall be detained therein. Given under the Seal of our	of

A. B. Regiftrar, [or, Deputy Regiftrar, as the cafe may fc.)

Extrafted by j£. F\

Fronton.

33

t. ax.

%

cap. cxxvnr.

An Aft to relieve from the Operation of the Statute of the twenty fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An AEl for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popjb Recufants, all fuch of His Majefty’s Popifli or fcoman Catholic Subjefts of Ireland, as by virtue of the Aft of Parliament of Ireland of the Thirty third Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for the Relief of His Mayejtfs Popijh or Roman Catholic Subjects c/'Ireland, hold, exercife or enjoy any Civil or Military Offices* or Places of Truft or Profit, or any other Office whatfoever, of which Hi9 Majefty’s faid Subjefts are by the fakt Aft of Parliament of Ireland rendered capable.	[12th	July	1813.]

4 \Y7HEREAS by an Aft of the Parliament of Ireland of the 4 W Thirty third Year of the Reign of His Majefty, intituled 4 An A8 for the Relief of His Majejlyfs Popijh or Roman Cadofu 4 SubjeBs of Ireland, it is enafted, that it (hall and may be lawful for

•	PaDifts, or Perfops prefeffing the Popifh or Roman Catholic

•	Religion, to hold, exercife and enjoy'all Civil and Military Offices 4 or Places of Truft or Profit under His Majefty, his Hein ind 4 Succeffors, in the Kingdom of Ireland (except fuch Offices as are 4 excepted in any Provifo contained in the faid Aft of the Parliament 4 of Ireland'S, apd to hold or take Peepers, or any Profefforthip in, 4 or be Mafters or Fellows of any College to be thereafter founded 4 in the (aid Kingdom, provided that fuch College (hall be 2

•	Member of tbe IJniverfity of' Duhliu> and (hall not be founded 4 exclufively for the Education of Papifts or Perfons profeffiog tbe

•	Popifh or Roman Catholic Religion, nor conftft exclufiveij of

•	Mafters, Fellows or other Perfona to be named or elefted on tbe

•	Foundation of fuch College being Perfons profeffing the Popift

•	or Roman Catholic Religion, or to hold any Office or Place of 4 Truft in, and to be a Member of any Lay Body Corporate, except 4 the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth, 4 near Dublin, without taking or fubferibing the Oaths of Alle-

•	giance, Supremacy or Abjuration, or making or fubferibing tbe 4 Declaration required to be taken, made and iubferibed, to enible 4 any Perfon to bold and enjoy any of fuch Places, and without

4 receiving



C. 128.

A.D.1813.	530	GEO.	III.

S67

c receiving the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, according to the

*	Rights and Ceremonies of the Church of Inland; any Law,

*	Statute or Bye-Law of any Corporation to the contrary notwith-f ftanding ; provided that every fuch Perfon (hall take and fubfcribe

‘ the Oath appointed by an Aft in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth I4q. ,

*	Year* of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to enable His ([.) c.35. *

4 Majefly’s Subjefls of whatever Perfuafton% to te/lify their Allegiance

4 to Him% and alfo the Oath and Declaration mentioned in the faid 4 Aft of the Parliament of Ireland of the Thirty third Year of the ' Reign of His Majefty : And whereas Doubts have been enter-c tained whether, notwithftanding the faid Aft of the Parliament of 4 Ireland, Perfons holding, exercifing and enjoying Civil or Military 4 Offices, or Places of Truft or Profit, granted to them in Irelandy 4 under and by virtue of the Authority of the faid Aft of the 4 Parliament of Ireland, may not be rendered liable whilft in

*	England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweedy or in His Majefty’s Navy,

*	or in the Iflands of Jerfey or Guemfey, to the Pains, Penalties,

4 Forfeitures or Difabilities, enafted by the Aft of the Twenty fifth 4 Year of the Reign of His Majefty King Charles the Second,

4 intituled An A3 for preventing Dangers which may happen from

*	Popi/b Recufants May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be declared and enafted; and be it declared and enafted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame,

That all fuch of His Majefty’s faid Popifh or Roman Catholic Roman Cathc-Subjefts as hold, exercife and enjoy any Civil or Military Office lies hoMing Civil or Offices, or Place or Places of Truft or Profit, or other Office or or Military Situation wbatfoever, granted to them or any of them in Irelandy ?, *1,1	.

under and by virtue of theAutliority of the faid Aft of the Parlia- u„ede" <3™. I. ment of Ireland of the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His c. ai. not liable Majefty, and who (hall have duly taken the Oaths and Declaration in England, &c. required by the faid Aft, (hall not, in refpeft of any fuch Office, 10 Penalties of Place or Situation, be liable, in England\ Walesy Berwick upon *•* Car,a* c *" Tweedy or in His Majefty’s Navy, or in the Iftandt of Jerfey or Guemfcyy to any of the Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures or Difabilities enafted-by the faid Aft of the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An A8 for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popi/b Recufantsy but (hall be wholly freed and exempt therefrom ; any thing in the faid laft mentioned Aft to the contrary notwithftanding; and fhall alfo be wholly freed and exempt from all Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures and Difabilities what-foever in the faid feveral Places laft mentioned, for not making, taking and fubferibing the Oaths of Allegiance, Supremacy or Abjuration, or for not making, taking and fubferibing the Declaration required to be taken to enable any Perfon to bold and enjoy any Office or Place of Truft or Profit, or for not receiving the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper according ta the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England; any thing contained in any Aft of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enafted by the Authority afore faid, iThat if Regulation as any of His faid Majefty’s Popifh or Roman Catholic Subjefts, having 10 tahing of duly taken the Oaths and Declaration required by this Aft, (hall ^^nulCons *n take or have takert in Ireland a Commiffion in His Majefty’s Army, rmy*

O o 4	and



568

*5 Car. a c.a.

49 G.3. c. »6.

Not to extend to Offices of Six Clerks in Chancery in Ireland.

C. 128, 129, 130.	53°	GEO.	III.	A.D.i8ij.

and (hall afterwards take a higher Commiflion or higher Commiflions in Great Britain, within.the Intent and Meaning of the faid Ad ; or if any Perfon having enlifled as a Private in any Regiment in Ireland, or being a Non Commiffioned Officer in fuch Regiment, (hall after-wards take Or have taken a Commiffion in the faid or any other Regiment in Great Britain, and (hall have duly taken the Oaths and Declaration required by the faid Ad, fuch Perfon (hail not, in refpeft of fuch Commiffion or Commiflions, be liable, in England, Wales, Berwick upon Tweed, or in His Majefly's Navy, or in the Iflandsof Jerfey or Guernfey, to any of the Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures or Disabilities enacted by the faid Ad of the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An A3 for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popijh Recufants, but mall be wholly freed and exempt therefrom ; any thing in the faid laft mentioned Ad to the contrary notwithftanding; and (hall alfo be wholly freed and exempt from all Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures and Difabilitks whatfoever in the faid feveral Places laft mentioned, for not making,’ taking and fubferibing the Oaths of Allegiance, Supremacy or Abjuration, or for not making, taking and fubferibing the Declaration required to be taken to enable any Perfon to hold and enjoy any Office or Place of Truft or Profit, or for not receiving the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England; anything contained in any Ad of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. CXXIX.

An Ad to amend an Ad made in the Forty ninth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, for the further Prevention of the Sale and Brokerage of Offices, fo far as relates to the Offices of the Six Clerks in the Court of Chancery in Ireland.

[12th July 1813.]

4 TT 7 HERE AS an Ad was parted in the Forty ninth Year of 4 VV His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad for the further Pre-4 vention of the Sale and Brokerage of Offices ; and it is reafonable that 4 the Offices of the Six Clerks in the Court of Chancery in Ireland 4 fhould be excepted from the Operation of the faid Ad;’ Be it therefore enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That nothing in the faid Ad contained for preventing the Purcbafe, Sale, Exchange or Brokerage of Offices, (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to any Purchafes, Sales or Exchanges of any Office or Offices of a Six Clerk or Six Clerks of the Court of Chancery in Ireland; any thing in the faid recited Ad contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. CXXX.

An Ad to continue, until the Firft Day of January One thou-fand eight hundred and fourteen, or in cafe Parliament fhaU not have aflembled before the faid Firft Day of January, then until Three Weeks after the then next Meeting of Parliament, certain Ads, for appointing Commiffioners to



A.X5.1813.	53°	GEO.	III.	C.	130.	569

enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquifites and Emoluments received in feveral Public Offices in Ireland; to examine into any Abufes which may exift in the fame, and into the mode of receiving, colle&ing, ifluing and accounting for Public Money in Ireland.	[l2th	July	1813.]

*	"^KTTHEREAS an Ad was made in the Forty fourth Year of Hia 44G.3.C.10&

*	V V prefent Majelly’s Reign intituled An Ad for appointing, until the Fifth Day of Auguft One thoufand eight hundred andfive, Commif

Jtoners to enquire into the Feesf Gratuities, Perquifites and Emoluments which are or have been lately received in the feveral Public Ojfices in Ireland therein mentioned; to examine into any Abufes which may exifi in the fame $ and into the prefent Mode of receiving, colleding, ijfuing

*	and accounting for Public Money in Ireland; and the faid recited

*	AEt has, by certain Ads made in the Forty fifth, Forty feventh, 45 G. 3. c. 65.

« Forty ninth, Fiftieth, Fifty firft and Fifty fecond Years of His 47 O. 3. SelE 1.

« prefent Majefty’s Reign, been continued wfth Amendments until c‘4q. t

*	the Firft Day of Augufi One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen:	c.	Si*.

*	And whereas it is expedient that the faid recited Ad of the 510. 3. c.Hif « Forty fourth Year, as amended by the faid other recited Ads, 51G.3. c.qz.

*	(Would be continued in manner hereinafter mentionedBe it therefore enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of

the fame, Tiiat the faid recited Ad of the Forty fourth Year afore- continued, faid, as amended by the faid other recited Ads, (hall be and the faid A6ts are hereby further continued until the Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, or in cafe Parliament (hall not have afTembled before the faid Firft Day of January, then until Three Weeks after the then next Meeting of Parliament.

II.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for a,oooJ. MTued the Lords Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury in Ireland, or the ^ifor Lord High Treafurer of Ireland for the time being, and they are pa^ent of hereby authorized and required to iflue and caufe to be iflued over clerks, Officers and above the Sums mentioned in the faid recited Ads of the Forty and other Ex-fourth, Forty feventh, Forty ninth. Fiftieth, Fifty firft and Fifty pe«c«. fecond Years aforefaid, a further Sum of Money not exceeding Two thoufand Pounds to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the Commilfioners under the faid recited Ads, or any Three or more of them, fhall by Writing under their Hands defire or dired, out of any Part of the Public Monies, remaining in His Majefty’s Exchequer in Ireland; which Sums fo iflued and paid (hall be employed for the Payment of Clerks, Meflengers and other Officers, and in defraying all other neceflary Charges in or about the Execution of the Powers of the faid recited Ad and this Ad, and in fuch manner and in fuch Proportions as (hall be appointed by the faid Commiflioners or any Three or more of them, by Writing" under their Hands and Seals in that behalf; and that fuch Sums mall be accounted for by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame (hall be iflued or paid according to the Courfe of His Majefty’s Exchequer of Ireland, without any Fees or	/

other Charges to be taken or demanded for the ifluing or Payment of the fame on the palling of the faid Accounts, other than fuch Sum as the faid Commiflioners or any Three or more of them (hall appoint.

CAP.



C. 131.

53* GEO. HI.

A.D.1813.

Grand Julies may make Pre-fentracnts for buikftng,&c. of Conn Houfe*, See. and empower Oveifcersio make Contract for Work, to be approved of by fuch Grand Jury.

Contrails in Writing.

CAP. CXXXI.

An A&. to make farther Regulations for the Building and Repairing of Court Houfes and Seffion^ Houfes in Ireland.

[I2th July 1813.]

*	TT T HERE AS it is expedient to make further Regulations

*	VV for the Building and Repairing of Court Houfes and

*	Seffions Houfes in Ireland;* Be it enabled by the King’s Moil Excellent Majetty, bv and with tlic Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflrmbled, and bv the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palfing of this Ad, it (hall and may be lawful fbi the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City or County of a Town, in Ireland, at any Affizes or Presenting Term for fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town* and they are hereby required from time to time to enquire into the State of the Court Houfes or Seffions Houfes of fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town 5 and if they fhaU find any fiteh Court Houfes or Seffions Houfes in waat of Repair, or deficient ia any Accommodations or Advantages requHite for the fame, fuch Grand Jury is hereby empowered to prefent fuch Sum or Sums, to be railed off fuch County, County of a City or County of a TOwn, as (haU be deemed neceflary to remedy fuch Deficiency, either by enlarging or altering fuch Court Houfes or Seffions Houfe9, or by building a new Court Houfe or Seffions Houfc in lieu thereof, or to effect att fuch Repairs as may be neceflary; and that whenever any Prefentm* fhall be made by fuch Grand Jury, for the building, repairing, es-larging or rebuilding of any Court Houfe or Seffions Houle, it Audi and may be lawful for fucb Grand Jury to dire& that the Overfeen appointed for the overfeeing of fuch Work (hall, before the then next enfuing Affizes or Prefenting Term* enter into a Contrad with fome Perfon or Perfons duly qualified for performing the Whole or any Part of the Work fo prefeitfed to be done; and the (aid Oxer-feers are hereby empowered and required to make and enter into fuch Contra# accordingly with any Perfon or Perfons, and his or their Surety or Sureties for performing the fame ; in which Contrad the Nature of the Work to be done, and the time within which the fame is to be completed, the whole Sum or Sums of Money to be paid for the fame, and the periodical or other time or times of Pay* ment or Advance of fuch Sum or Sums, or any Part or Parts there* to the Contractor or Contractors, (haU be fuHy dated and fet forth; and every fuch Contend fhall be made and entered into in Writing at lead Fourteen Days next before fuch enfuing Affixes or Prefenting Term, and fhall at the Affizes or Prefenting Term next after the fame fhall be fo made and entered mto, be laid before the Grand Jury, who fhaU fignify on the Back of fuch Contrad their Approbation or Difapprobation thereof, and of tlie Sufficiency of the Sureties for performing fuch Contrad; and the Approbation of fuch Grand Jury, when given, fhaU be entered in the Presentment Book at the faid Affizes, and fhall be fiated by the Judge at inch Affizes, whereupon fuch Contrad fhall be binding and coricUifise oa aU Parties to all Intents and Purpofea; and if fuch Contmd (hall not be fo approved of by fuch Grand Jury, the fame fhaU be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

II. Pm*







A.D.i8i3-

53 GEO. III.

C. >31#	571

II.	Provided always, aad be it farther ena&ed, That it Thailand ContraS: may be may be lawful for any Perfon o? Perfons to appear at the Affixes of tr£err*d Prefenting Term at which fuch Contract (hall be fo laid before the Ground that Grand Jury, and to traverfe the Propriety of fuch Contra&, on the pr-lcc exceffivt. Ground only that the Price agreed to be paid for the Work contracted to be done is exceffive j and whenever any Perfon (hall fo

appear and traverfe the Propriety of fuch Contract upon the Ground of fuch exceffive Price, it (hall be lawful for the Court at fuch Affizes or Prefenting Term, and they are hereby required to try the Merita of fuch Traverfe by a Jury, tn the fame manner as any other Traverfe within the Jurifdiorion of fuch Court ought to be tried at fuch Affizes; and in cafo the Jury (hall find for fuch Traverfe, fuch Contraft (hall thereupon be difalloWed and annulled 5 and if they (hall find againft fuch Traverfe, fuch Contract (hall ftand good and valid.

III.	And be it further enafted, That whenever any Preferment Expences of

(hall be made for the building, enlarging, repairing or rebuilding any ere&ing Court Court Houfe or Seffions Houfe as aforefaid, and the Sum neceffary Houfe%&c.may to be' raifed for the fame (halt be greater than k may be proper to *J!r*‘fed by raife in foch County, County of a City or County of a Town, in , a 1	»

One Half Year, then and m every fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for the lnftalments-Grand Jury prefenting the fame, to prefent in the firft Inftance the

whole Sum to be expended therein, and to direct in and by fuch Presentment that the fame (hall be raifed on the County, Comity of a City or County of a Town, by any Half-yearly or Yearly Sums or lnftalments in manner and at the time* therein fpeeified, and in fuch Proportions as to fuch Grand Jury may (item expedient; and the fame fhaH be fo raifed accordingly: Provided always, that it (hall provif0. be lawfol for any fubfequetit Grand Jury to prefent that any of the lnftalments (hall be increafed or diminifhed to any Sum that (hall be ftipulated to be paid in or by fuch Contraft as may have been entered inth under or by virtue of this Aft.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That it ffiaU and may be lawful Grand Jury may

for the Grand Jury, at the Affizes or Prefenting Term at which prefent that fuch Contra ft as aforefaid (hall be approved of as aforefaid, or at	**

any fubfequent Affizes or Prefenting Term, to prefent that any Sum Contra&ork

or Sums agreed by fuch Contraft to be paid or advanced to the Contraftor or Contraftora at any Times or Periods in the faid Contraft fpeeified* or any other Sum or Sums in the D&fcretion of the faid Grand Jury, (hall be paid and advanced to foch Contraftor or Contraft or* at fuch Times or Periods as (hall be fpeeified m fuch Frefentment by the Treafurer of the County, upon the Order in Writing of foch Overfeers; and foch Overfeers and Contraftora (hall thereupon, before any Sum (hall be fo advanced, enter into a Recognizance before the Court in double the Sum fo to be advanced, conditioned that the Money fo to be advanced (hall be applied for the Purpofe for which the fame was fo presented, and none other 5 and that foch Overfeers and foch Contraftor or Contraftors or fome of them, (haH at the next Affizes or Prefenting Term juftly and fairly account for the fame, and that they or fome of tliem, their Executors or Adminiftrators, (hall at fuch enfoing Affizes or Prefenting Term pay to the Treafurer for the time being of fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town, any Balance or Part of foch Money which (hall not by-fuch Account appear to have been applied for the

Purpofe aforefaid.

V.	And





57*

Overfters and Contractors accounting.

Ad to extend to Contracts already made.

Grand Jury may

rurchafe

Houfea,&c.

I131.	53’GEO. III.	AJ).i3ij.

V* And be it further enaded, That fuch Ovferfeers and Con-tradors fhall, at the next enfuing AJfizes or Presenting Term as aforefaid, lay before the Grand Jury and the Court aJuft and fair Account in Writing, of all and every Expenditure and Expenditures of fuch Money fo to be advanced, and the particular Purposes for which the fame was expended, and the Quantities and Prices of each Material bought therewith, and fuch Account (hall be verified by Affidavit in Writing at the Foot thereof, to be made in open Court by the Contractor or Contradors, or one of them, and fhall Rate that the whole of the Money was fo expended for the foie Purpofe of executing the Work fo prerented purfuant to the Prefentaent thereof} and whenever any fuch Work fhall be finifhed, and the Accounts of the faid Con traders approved of and pa fled by the Grand Jury and the Court, it fhall be ordered that all fuch Recognizances fo entered into fhall be vacated on the laft Day of the next Aifizes or Presenting Term, and they fhall be fo vacated accordingly 5 unlefs fomc fufficient Complaint laid before the Court or the Grand Jury fufficient Caufe fhall appear to induce the Court tomske an Order to the contrary ; and provided if there be any Balance unexpended, a Certificate of the Treafurer of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, fhall be laid before the Grand Jury and the Court, and fetting forth that he had received the faid Balance and applied it to the Credit of the County* County of a City or County of a Town.

VI,	And be it further enaded, That if at any time before tbe paffing of this Ad any Overfeer or Overfeers duly appointed by soy Grand Jury of any County, County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, fhall have made and entered into any Contrad or Contrad* for the building, rebuilding, enlarging or repairing of any Seffions Houfe or Court Houfe, the fame fhall be laid before the Grand Jury of fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town, at tbe Affizes or Prefenti^g Term next enfuing tbe palling of this Ad, and if it fhall appear to fuch Grand Jury that fuch Contrad hath been in Part executed, they fhall fignify the fame on the Back of fuch Contrad, and thereupon the fame fhall be good and valid, and the Provifions of this Ad fhall be applied to the Execution thereof, as if the fame had been duly approved and not traverfed; and if it fhall appear to fuch Grand Jury that fuch Contrad has not been in Part executed, they fhall fignify on the Back of fuch Contrad their Approbation or Difapprobation thereof, and thereupon the fame, if approved, fhall be liable to be traverfed, and be in all refpeds in the fame State and Condition aud be executed in tbe fame manner, and the Provifions of this Ad fhall be applied to the Execution thereof, as if the fame had been prefented and regularly approved or difapproved under this Ad ; and that all Money which may have been or fhall be advanced or paid to fuch Contrador or Contradors, fhall be duly accounted for in manner required by this Ad; and that no Sum fhall after the paffing of this Ad be paid to any Contrador, until he fhall have fo accounted for all Sums fo prt-vioufly received by him.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That whenever any Prefentment fhall have been or fhall be made for tbe Purpofe of building, rebuilding or repairing any Seffions Houfe or Coort Houfe in or for any County, County of a City or County of a Town, and it (hall happen

that





.573

AJ).i8i3»

53* GEO. III.

C. 131.

that any Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments may be convenient for the Scite of any new Court Houfe or Seffions Houfe, or may be adjoining to any old Court or Seffions Houfe, and be convenient for the Purpofe of enlarging the fame, or the Courts or Outlets thereunto belonging, it (hall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town, to contract and agree with any Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Corporate or Politic, who may be willing to demife or fell fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any of them, and fuch Grand Jury (hall dired that the Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments fo contraded or agreed for, (hall be demifed or conveyed to fuch Com-miffioners, as iuch Grand Jury (hall appoint, and to their Heirs,

Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns, in Truft for the Ufes and Purpofes a fore (aid, in fuch manner and under fuch Rules and Regulations for the appointing fuch Commiflioners, and for the demiting and conveying fuch Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, (hall be fo agreed or con traded for as aforefaid, to fuch Commiflioners, as are contained in an Ad made in the Fiftieth 50 0.3, c. 103. Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled Art A3 for repealing §16. the feveral Laws relating to Prifons in Ireland 5 and for re-enaQing fuch of the Provifons thereof as have been found ufefuf, with Amendments, with refped to 'the Appointment of Commiflioners, and the demiting or conveying of any Houfe6, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to luch Commiflioners, under the faid recited Ad.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That whenever any new Court Court Houfe Houfe (hall have been ereded for any County, according to the deemed P«ri of Provifions of this Ad, if it (hall fo happen that the fame (hall be County for built within a County of a City or County of a Town, wherein the whlct built* Aflize8 or Prefenting Term for fuch County have been ufually held,

the faid Court Houfe with its Appurtenances (hall be deemed and taken to be Part and Parcel of the County at large, for which the fame (hall have been built as aforefaid.

IX.	And be it further enaded/That it (hall and may be lawful Grind Jury may for the Grand Jury of at»y County, County of a City or County of ^ old Court

a Town, to fell or difpofe, and to authorize the Sale and Difpofal Houle*» of any old Court Houle or Seffions Houfe belonging to fuch County,

County of a City or County of a Town, in which the Affizes or

Seffions for fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town,

have been difeontinued or ccafed to be held, together with Ground

or Scite on which the fame is built, according to the Title or

Intereft which fuch County, County of a City or County of a

Town, may have in the fame ; and alfo to fell and difpofe of, and to

authorize the Sale and Difpofal of all or any Part of the Materials

of which fuch old Court Houfe or Seffions Houfe may be com-

pofed : Provided always, that the Money arifing therefrom (hall be Money paid to

paid into the Hands ot the Treafurer of fuch County, County of a Treifurer of

City or County of a Town, to the Credit of fuch County, or County, Sec.

County of a City or County of a Town, fubjed to be thereafter

prefented, and to anfwer fuch Demands, and to be accounted for in

the fame manner as any other Sum or Sums of Money levied upon

Counties at large, and placed in the Hands of the Treafurer of (licit

County, County of a City or County of a Town, are now or

hereafter may be fubjed by Law.

CAP.





S?4

C. 132.

53 GEO. m.

A.D.1813.

<1 G. 3. C.U&

37 g-3- c.ay.

Militia of Tovter Hamlets liable to l'erve iu •11 Farts of United Kingdom.

31 G 3. c. 11?. as to Extenfion of Service, extended to Tower Hamlets Militia.

Provifions cf 51 G. 3. c. 118. empowering Fits Majefty to accept vdimtary Offers of Eiten-fion of Service, fire. extended to Militia of Tower Hamlen now lerving.

CAP. CXXXII.

An A&. to extend the Services of the Militia of the Tower Hamlets to all Parts of the United Kingdom.

[12th July 1813.]

4 TT7HEREAS an A£t of Parliament paffed ih the Fifty firft ( VY Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty intituled An Ad 4 to permit the Interchange of the Britifh and Irifh Militias refpedively: 4 And whereas the Extenfion of Service of the Militia of England*

*	Scotland and Ireland refpedively♦ to any Part of the United 4 Kingdom has been found highly beneficial, and it is therefore ex-4 pedient that the Services of the Militia raifed under an Ad paffird ‘ m the Thirty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, c intituled An A3 for the better raifing and ordering the Militia Forces

*	of the Tower Hamlets, in the County of Middlefex; and the Pro-4 viiions of the Ads relating to the Militia which extend to the 4 faid Militia of the Tower Hamlets (hould in like manner be extended ;* Be it therefore enaded by the King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual sod Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, tad by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, all Perfons who may be commiflioned, raifed or inrolled in and for the Militia of the Tower Hamlets after the palling of this Ad, whether by Ballot or otherwise under any Ad now in force, or which may hereafter be in force, for raifing Men for the faid Militia, ihall be liable to ferve in all Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; any thing contained in the laid nedted Ad of the Thirty feventh Year aforefaid, or any other Ad or A&s of Parliament relating to the Tower Hamlets Militia to the contrary not-withflanding.

II.	And be it further enaded, That all the Claufes and Provifions of the faid recited Ad of the Fifty firft Year aforefaid, as to th* Extenfion of Service of the Militia and as to the Oaths to be taken by Perfons raifed or enrolled or appointed to ferve in the Militia after the paffing of the faid Ad, (hall extend and be applied and put in force as to the Militia to be raifed or inrolled, ana as to Officers, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers Co be appointed for the Tower Hamlets after the palling of this A6t, as fully and effedually to aO Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were feverally and feparatdy re-cnaded in and made Part of the Body of this Ad, and ai if the laid Militia of the Tower Hamlets had been included in the faid Ad 5 any thing in the faid recited Ad of the Thirty feventh Year aforefaid, or any other Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to the Tower Hamlets Militia to the contrary not with (landing.

III.	And be it further enaded, That all the Claufes and Provifions in the (aid recked Ad of the Fifty firft Year aforefaid contained, relating to the Militia ferving at the time of puffing the faid Ad, and to empower His Majcfly to accept the voluntary Offers of Extenfion of Service of fuch Militia, and the Bounties to be given and Oaths to be taken and manner in which fuch ProvifioM are to be explained by Commanding Officers of the Militia to the Perioas willing to make fuch Offers, and all Regulations, Matter* and Things in the faid Ad contained relating thereto, Ihall extetfd to the Militia of the Tower Hamlets now fetving, as fatty nd

effcdually



A.D.i8i3-	53	GEO.IIL	C.132,	133*	575

efleftually as if the fame were feverally and refpeftively re-enafted is and made Part of this Aft, and as. if the faid Militia of the Tower Hamlets had been included in the faid recited Aft of the Fifty firfl Year afore faid, and the faid Aft and this Aft (hall be conftrued together as One Aft ; any thing in the faid recited Aft of the Thirty leventh Year aforefaid, or any other Aft or Afts of Parliament relating to the Militia of the Tower Hamlets to the contrary notwithftanding:

CAP. CXXX1II.

An Aft to amend an Aft of the prefent Seflion of Parliament, for granting a Sum of Money for purchafing an Eftate for the Marquis of Wellington and his Heirs, in Confideration of the eminent and fignal Services performed by the faid Marquis of Wellington to His Majefty and the Public.

[12th July 1813.]

4 'INHEREAS by an Aft paifed in the prefent Seflion of Parlia- ^ 0.3. c.4 4 V t ment, intituled An AS for granting a Sum of Money for pur-

*	ebajing an EJlate for the Marquis of Wellington and bis Heirs, in 4 Conftderation of the eminent and Jignal Services performed by the faid

4 Marquis of Wellington to His Majefty and the Public, a Sum not 1 x*

*	exceeding One hundred thoufand Pounds was granted out of the

*	Confolidated Fund of Great Britain to the Speaker of the Houfe 4 of Commons, the Lord High Treafurer of Great Britain, or Firft 1 Lord Commiflioner of the Treafury, the Chancellor of the Ex-

*	cheauer for the time being refpeftively, the Right Honourable

*	William Wellefleu Pole* and the Honourable and Reverend Gerald

4 Valerian WcUcjley* Doftor in Divinity, who were thereby required $ 7.

4 to inveft the fame in the Purchafe of Freehold Manors, Lands, Tene-4 meuts and Hereditaments in Great Britain ; and it was enafted that § 7;

4 the*faid Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments (hould, when 4 lo purchafed, be forthwith fettled, conveyed and aflured to the Ufe of 4 the faid Marquis of Wellington* and to the Heirs Male of the Body of 4 the faid Marquis of Wellington* and to fuch other Perfon to whom the 4 Title, Honour and Dignity of Marquis of Wellington (hould 4 defeend, purfuant to the Limitations of the Patent whereby the 4 faid Dignity was granted, and in Default and on Failure of the 4 Heirs Male of the Body of the faid Marquis, then to the Ufe of 4 the Heirs of his Body; And whereas it was intended that the 4 Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fo to be purchafed 4 (hould always go along and be enjoyed with the laid Title, Honour 4 and Dignity of Marquis of Wellington, fo long as the fame (hould 4 endure, and that the faid Premifes (hould alfo be unalienable until 4 there foould be a Failure of Ifiue of the Body of the faid Marquis 4 of Wellington; but Doubts may arife whether the Manors, Lands,

4 Tenements and Hereditaments fo to be purchafed as aforefaid,

4 would be unalienable, by reafon that no exprefs Provifion for that 4 Purpofe is contained in the faid recited Aft;9 Be it therefore enafted and declared by the King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confcnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That fb long as the faid Title, Honour and Dig- Prtmi&s pur-nity of Marquis of Wellington (hall endure, amF until there (hall be a chafed under Failure of IiTue of the Body of the laid Marquis of Wellington, neither recited At\ ihall

the be unalienable



until a Failure of IlTue.

On Failure pf Heirs of Marquis of Wellington, Premifes (hall veft in Fee Simple, and may be difpoled of by Deed or Will.

Manfion Houfe built and Plea-fure Grounds provided.

C. 133*	53'GEO. III.	A.D.i8i3.

the faid Marquis of Wellington, nor any other Perfon to whom the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fo to be purchased (hall or may defcend or Hand limited by virtue of the Limitations directed by the faid recited Ad, (hall have any Power, by Fine or Recovery, or by the Exercife of any Power, or by any other A6t, Aflurance or Conveyance in the Law, to hinder, bar or difinhcrit any the Perfon or Perfons to or upon whom the faid Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments arc by the faid recited Ad to be vefted or limited from holding or enjoying the fame, according to the faid Limitations, other than and except fucli Leafes and Jointures, and Power of felling and felling Timber, and difpofing of the Monies thence arifing, as may be made or exercifed under the Provifions of the faid recited Ad, and Grants of Lands or Tenements held by Copy of Court Roll, according to the Cuftoms of the refpedive Manors to be purchafed, whereof the fame may be held, but all fuch Fines, Recoveries, Ads, AfTurances and Conveyances, other than fuch Leafes and Jointures, and Powers and Grants, by Copy as aforefaid, (hall be and are hereby declared and enabled to be void.

II.	And be it further enabled, That on failure of the Heirs of the Body of the faid Marquis of Wellington, the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fo to be purchafed as aforefaid, (ball go and remain to the Ufe of the faid Marquis and his Heirs and Afligns, which ultimate Remainder or Reverfion in Fee Simple it (hall be lawful for the faid Marquis of Wellington, and his Heirs and Afligns, at any time or times during the Continuance of the faid Honour, Title and Dignity of Marquis of Wellington, and until there (hall be a Failure of IfTue of his Body, notwithftanding any thing hereinbefore contained, to grant, convey, devife or difpofe of, by Deed or Will, or other Aflurance or Aflurances by which Freehold Eftates in Remainder or Reverfion are capable by Law of being conveyed or difpofed of.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Perfons by the faid Adi authorized, to *inveft a Sum not exceeding One hundred thoufand Pounds in the manner aforefaid, to eredt and build, or caufe to be ereded and built upon Part of the Land which (hall be purchafed as aforefaid, a Manfion Houfe, with fuitable Out Offices and Our Buildings which in their Difcretion and Judgment (hall be fuitable and fit for the Refidence of the Marquis of Wellington for the time being, and to lay out and appropriate, according to fuch Difcretion and Judgment, any Part or Parts of fuch Land to be fo purchafed as and for a Garden or Gardens, and as aud for a Park or Pleafure Ground or Grounds, and to make, ered and build, or caufe to be made, erected and built thereon, fuch Edifices or Buildings, and Walls and Fences as (hall, according to fuch Difcretion and Judgment, be fitting and proper, and to pay and apply a fufficient Part of the faid Sum of One hundred thoufand Pounds, but not exceeding the Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds in fatisfying and difeharging the Cofts and Expeuces of ereding and building fuch Manfion Home, Out Offices and Out Buildings, and of making, ereding and building fuch other Eredions, Walls and Fences, and laying out and appropriating fuch Garden or Gardens, Park or Pleafure Ground or Grounds as aforefaid, and of making fuch Avenues, Walks and Rides,, Borders and Divifions, in the Tame Garden or Gardens, Park and Pleafure

Ground





577

A.D.i8i3*	530GEO. III.	0.133,134.

Ground or Grounds, and of planting and furnifhlng the. fame refpeftively with fuch Trees, Roots, Shrubs and Plants, as in fuch Difcretion and Judgment as aforefaid (hall be fit and proper; and alfo that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Perfons fo.authorized by the faid recited Act to make fuch Inveitment as aforefaid, to pull down or canfe to be pulled down any Erections or Buildings that (hall or may be (landing or being upon the Lands which (hall be fo purchafed as aforefaid, and to fell and difpofe of all or any of the old Material?, and to give fufficient Receipts or Dif-charges for the Price at which the fame Materials or any Part or Parts thereof (hall be fold, or otherwife to caufe fuch Materials or any Part thereof to be ufed and worked up in making fuch new Erections or Buildings, or other Works as aforefaid, or in fuch Repairs or other Works as hereinafter mentioned ; all which Sum or Sums to be received as the Price of old Materials fold as aforefaid (hall be portefled by the Perfons receiving the fame, on the like Trulls as are by the faid recited A ft declared of the Money thereby authorized to be paid to Truftees thereby appointed as aforefaid.

IV.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enafted, That in cafe Buildings sl-the Perfons authorized to make fuch Inveftment as aforefaid (hall ready ere&ed think it fitting, it (hall and may be lawful to and for them, and they	foL

are hereby authorized to repair and put in complete Repair, and on ouc‘ make any Additions to or Alterations in any Mertuage or Manfiou Houfe, Out Offices and Out Buildings, that (hall or may be itanding or being upon the Land which (hall be fo purchafed as aforefaid, and to make any Erections or Buildings, Plantations or other Improvements, or any Alterations in or Additions to, or Subftitutions for all or any Part of the Land fo to be purchafed, which (hall have been * already laid out, or fhall be deemed proper to be laid out as and fore Garden or Gardens, Park or Pleafure Ground or Grounds, fo as in the Judgment and Difcretion of the fame Perfons to render the whole fit for fuch Refidence as aforefaid, and to pay and apply a fufficient Part of the faid Sum of One hundred thoufand Pounds, but not exceeding the Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds, in fatisfyiug and dif-charging the Cods and Expences of fuch Repairs, Alterations,

Additions, Subftitutions and Improvements laft hereinbefore mentioned.

CAP. CXXXIV.

An Aft to amend an Aft of the Forty fixth Year of His present Majefty, for fettling and fecuring a certain Annuity, and for purchafing an Eftate for the Earl Nelfon.

[12th July 1813.]

*	TTTHEREAS by an Aft parted in the Forty fixth Year of

*	VV the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled yin A3 for

*	fettling and fecuring a certain Annuity on the Earl Nelfon and the

*	Heirs Male of his Body, and fuch other Perfons to whom the Title of

*	Earl Nelfon may defend} and for granting a Sum of Money to fur*

*	chafe an EJlate to accompany the faid Title ; and alfo for granting a

*	Sum of Money for the Ufe of the Sifters of the late Vice Admiral

*	Vifcount Nelfon, in Consideration of the eminent and Jtgnal Services

*	Performed by the faid late Vifcount Nelfon to His Majefty and the

*	Public, a Sum not exceeding Ninety thoufand Pounds was granted

53 Geo. III.	P	p	« out

46G.3. c. 146.





Ct34*

53” GEO. in.

A.D.l8l3.

*	out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, to the Speaker of the ‘ Houfe of Commons, the Lord High Treafurer of Great Britain,

*	or Fir ft Lord Commiflioner of the Treafury, the Chancellor of the

*	Exchequer, the Firft Lord Commiffioner of the Admiralty and the 4 Treafurer of the Navy for the time being refpedively, the Honour-

$ if* 4 able George Walpole* Alexander Davifon Efquire and William 4 Hajlcwood Efquire, who were thereby required to inveft the fame

*	in the Purchafe of a Manfion Houfe, and of any Freehold Manors,

*	Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of a good Eftate of Inhe* 4 ritance in Fee Simple, in Pofieflion to be free from Incumbrances, 4 except Fee Farm Kents and Quit Rents, and other Rents andSer-4 vices, and to be fituate in any Part of Great Britain, and the Man-

• *7*	« {ion Houfe to be called Trafalgar Houfe; and it was enaScd,

4 That the faid Manfion Houle, Freehold Manors, Lands, Tene-4 ments and Hereditaments (hould when fo purchafed be forthwith 4 fettled, conveyed and aiTured to the Ufe of the Reverend William 4 Earl Nelfon and the Heirs Male of the Body of the faid Earl 4 Nelfon, and to fuch other Perfon to whom the Title, Honour and 4 Dignity of Earl Nelfon (hould defcend, purfuant to the Limita-4 tions of the Patent whereby the faid Dignity was granted: And 4 whereas it was intended that the Manfion Houfe, Freehold Maoors, 4 Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fo to be purchafed ihould 4 always go along and be enjoyed with the faid Title, Honour and 4 Dignity of Earl Nelfon, fo long as the fame fbould endure; but 4 Doubts may arife whether the Manfion Houfe, Freehold Manors, 4 Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, fo to be purchafed as 4 aforefaid, would, during the Continuance of the faid Title, Houour •	4 and Dignity, be unalienable, by reafon that no exprefs Provifion for

4 that Purpofe is contained in the faid recited Ad;* Be it therefore enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, sad Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority Premlfes pur- ^ fame, That fo long as the faid Title, Honour and Dignity of chafed under Earl Nelfon (hall endure, neither the faid Earl Nelfon, nor any other recited Alt (hall Perfon to whom the Manfion Houfe, Freehold Manors, Lands, Tene-b« unalienable, ments and Hereditaments fo to be purchafed, (ball or may defceod, or ftand limited by virtue of the Limitations direded by the faid recited Ad, {hall have any Power by Fine or Recovery, or by the Exercife of any Power, or by any other Ad, Affurance or Conveyance in the Law, to hinder, bar or difinherit any the Perfon or Perfons to or upon whom the faid Manfion Houfe, Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, are by the faid recited Afi to be veiled or limited from holding or eujoying the fame according to the faid Limitations, other than and except fuch Leafes and Powers of felling and felling Timber, and difpofing of the Monies thereon arifing, as may be made Or exercifed under the Provifions of the faid recited Ad, and Grants of Lands or Tenements held by Copy of Court Roll, according to the Cuftoms of the refpe&ivc Manors to be purchafed, whereof the fame may be held ; hut all fuch Fines, Recoveries, Ads, Affurances and Conveyances, other than fuch Leafes and Powers, and Grants by Copy as aforefaid, (hall be aod ait hereby declared and enaded to he void.

On Failure of II. And be it further enaded, That on Failure of the Hein Male Title, Premifes of the Body of the faid William Earl Nelfon, and on Failure of the ftull become Fee	£ud



579

A.D.i8i3<	53#CEO. lit.	C.	134,

i faid Title, Honour and Dignity of Earl Nelfon, the Manfion Houfe, Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fo to be ; purchafed as aforefaid, (hall remain to the Ufe of the faid Wtlttam r Earl Nelfon, and his Heirs and Afligns for ever, which ultimate \ Remainder or Reverfion in Fee Simple, it (hall be lawful for the faid Wilftam Earl Nelfon, his Heirs and Afligns, at any time or times . during the Continuance of the faid Title, Honour and Dignity of : Earl Nelfon, and notwithftanding any thing hereinbefore contained, 3 to grant, convey, devife or difpofe of, by Deed or Will, or other ; Aflurance or Aflurances whereby Freehold Edates in Remainder or ; Reverfion are by Law capable of being conveyed or difpofcd of.

5 III. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Perfons by the faid recited Aft autho-r; rized, to inveft a Sum not exceeding Ninety thoufand Pounds in the ■ manner aforefaid, to eredt and buud, or caufe to be eredted and t built, upon Part of the Land which (hall be purchafed as aforefaid,

: a Manfion Houfe, with fuitable Out Offices and Out Buildings, j which in their Difcretion and Judgment (hall be fuitable and fit for the Refidence of the Earl Nelfon for the time being, and to lay s,, out and appropriate, according to fuch Difcretion and Judgment, any Part or Parts of fuch Land to be fo purchafed, as and for a Garden or Gardens, and as and for a Park or Pleafure Ground or . Grounds, and to make, ere& and build, or caufe to be made, ere&ed and built thereon, fuch Edifices or Buildings, and Walls and Fences as (hall, according to fuch Difcretion and Judgment, be fitting and proper, and to pay and apply a fufficient Part of the ' faid Sum of Ninety thoufand Pounds, but not exceeding the Sum .of Ten thoufand Pounds, in fatisfying and difcharging the Cods and " Expences of ere&ing and building fuch Manfion Houfe, Out Offices and Out Buildings, and of making/ereding and building fuch ' other Erections, Walls and Fences, and laying out and appropriating fuch Garden or Gardens, Park or Pleafure Ground or Grounds as aforefaid, and of making fuch Avenues, Walks and Rides, Border* and Divi(ion8 in the fame Garden or Gardens, Park and ,PIeafure Ground or Grounds, and of planting and furnifiiing the fame refoe&ively with fuch Trees, Roots, Shrubs and Plants, as in fuch Difcretion and Judgment as aforefaid (hall be fit and proper; and aHo that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Perfons fo authorized by the faid retited A& to make fuch Inveftments as aforefaid, to pull down or caufe to be pulled down any Ere&ions or Buildings that (hall or may be (landing or being upon the Lands which (nail be fo purchafed as aforefaid, and to fell and difpofe of all or any of the old Materials, and to give fufficient Receipts or Dif-charges for the Price at which the fame Materials or any Part or Parts thereof (hall be fold, or otherwife to caufe fuch Materials or any Part thereof to be ufed and worked up in making fuch new Ereflions or Buildings, or other Works as aforefaid, or in fuch Repairs or other Works as hereinafter mentioned ; all which Sum or Sums to be received as the Price of old Materials fold as aforefaid, /hall be poffefled by the Perfons receiving the fame, upon the like Trufts as are by the faid recited A6t declared of the Money thereby authorized to be paid to Truftees thereby appointed as aforefaid.

IV. Provided alfo, and it is hereby ena&ed, That in cafe the Perfons authorized to make fuch Inveftment as aforefaid (hall think

P p 2	it

Simple, and may be difpofed of by Deed or Will.

Manfion Houfe builcand Plea, fure Grounds provided.

Buildings already ere&ed alrered for Man-Con Houfe.



0.134,135.	53*GEO.	III.	A.D.i8i3-

it fitting, it fhall and may be lawful to and for them, and thrjr are hereby authorized to repair and put in complete Repair, and rrakc any Additions to of Alterations in any Meffuage or Manfion Houfe, Out Offices and Out Buildings, that fhall or may be (landing or being upon the Lands which fhall be fo purchafed as aforefaid, and to make any Ereftions or Buildings, Plantations or other Improvements, or any Alterations in or Additions to, or Subftitutions for all or any Part or Parts of the Lands fo to be purchafed, which fhall have been already laid out, or fhall be deemed proper to be laid out as and for a Garden or Gardens, Park or Pleafure Ground or Grounds, fo as in the Judgment and Difcretion of the fame Per-fons to render the whole fit Tor fuch Refidence as aforefaid, and to pay and apply fufficient Part of the faid Sum of Ninety thoufand Pounds, but not exceeding the Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds, in fatisfying and difcharging the Colls and Expences of fuch Repairs, Alterations, Additions, Subftitutions and Improvements laft hereinbefore mentioned.



CAP. CXXXV.

^cG.f c.iio.

d?ntinued.

45G.3. C. 128.

jC G.3. c. 104. c*7 G.3. Sei£ x. • :*4*

4SG.3. C.95.

An Aft to continue, until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, Two Afts of the Forty fifth and Fiftieth Years of His prefent Majefty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders, to London and WeJF minjler, by Inland Navigation.	[12th	July	1813.]

•	XT J HE REAS an Aft was pafTed^ in the Fiftieth Year of the

*	W Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 to allow 4 until the Firjl Day of Auguft One thoufand eight hundred and eleven,

*	the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders, to London and Weft-4 minfler, by Inland Navigation, which was continued by an Aft of

•	the Fifty firft Year of His prefent Majefty's Reign until the'Firft 4 Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen ; and it

•	is expedient that the Aft fhould be further continued ;9 Be it therefore enafted by the King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid Aft fhall be and the fame is hereby continued from the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen.

4 II. And whereas by an Aft pafTed in the Forty fifth Year of the

•	Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for allowing under 4 certain Refridions until the Firjl Day of Auguft One thoufand eight 4 hundred and fix, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm 4 or Cinders, to London and Weftminfter, by Inland Navigation ; 4 certain Duties were impofed on all Coals, Culm or Cinders brought 4 along the Grand Junftion or Paddington Canals nearer to London 4 than the Stone or Poll thereby required to be erefttd and main-

*	tained on or near to the Towing Path of the faid Grand Junftion 4 Canal, at or near the North Eaft Point of Grove Park, and conti-

*	guous to the Wharf then in the PofTeffion and Occupation of the ‘ Earl of Clarendon: And whereas the Amount of the faid Duties 4 was altered by Three Afts of the Forty fixth, Forty feventh and 4 Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty 2 And

4 whereas



A.D.1813.	53°GEO.	III.	C.135,136.	581

4 whereas by Schedule A. annexed to an Aft pafled in the Forty 49G-3-c*9^

4 ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An 4 AS for repealing the feveral Duties of Cujloms chargeable in Great 4 Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; other Duties 4' are impofed in lieu thereof upon the faid limited Quantity of Coals,

4 Culm and Cinders, under the Conditions, Regulations and Reftric-4 tions of the faid firft recited Aft 2 And whereas the faid recited Afts 4 were further continued by an Aft of the Fifty firft Year of His 51G. 3.^29.

4 prefent Majefty, until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight 4 hundred and thirteen : And whereas it is expedient that the laid 4 Afts fhould be further continued Be it therefore enafted, That 45°*3c.ia8. the faid firft recited Aft of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of ^^A^ Coaft His prefent Majefty, fo far as the fame relates to the Conditions, wife* fo* fa Regulations and Reflriftions under which the faid limited Quantity herein fpecihed, of Coals, Culm and Cinders may be brought within One Year by continued* the faid Grand Junftion and Paddington Canals, nearer to London than the faid Stone or Poft ; and the faid recited Aft of the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, regarding the Amount of the Duties chargeable thereon, and the Appropriation thereof, fhall be, and the fame are hereby further continued until the Firft Day of Auguft One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen.

CAP. CXXXVI.

An Aft for granting to His Majefty certain Sums of Money out of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain 5 and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of tne Year One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen ; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Sef-

fion of Parliament.

§ I. £500,000 o o

II.

III.

IV.

V.

VL

VII.

8,000,000 o o

21,000,000

5,862,900

531*096 o o

[12th July 1813.]

Out of Surplus of Britijh Confolidated 1 £*% Fund

Part of Sum remaining in the Exchequer to complete 20,400,000 granted out of Produce of War Taxes for

1812

From the War Duties Exchequer Bills charged upon Supplies for 1812, fubferibed to be funded pur-fuant to the Refolutions of the Houfe of Commons of 1 ft April and 4th May

1813

From Sale of Old Naval 7 For	Service,	here,

and ViAuaUing Store, \ >n3fter expreffed

IS*

bo»- »-OJ o

.o

S U 3

1 a J

® 3 P K

g co O

O

J	SeeJ	IX.

IFor Service of Ireland, Uc. See f XXV- &c.

The following Sums, viz.

Produce of Malt and Penfion Aft, not exceeding

70,812 o o Ditto

3.000.	000 10,500,000

5.000,	coo 1,500,000

550*600

Exchequer Bills

Ditto

Ditto

Debentures

Pp 3

53 G-3- r.15.

■	----c. 16.

'	c. 26. '

—	-c 37

■	.(.41

£ 2 *

is 3 a

C <e t '

&-OJ a.}.

^348,700



5 8*

A.D.1813

VIII.

IX.

C.136.

2^248,700 o o 27,000,000 o o

Lotteries

1.000.	000 o o 5,670,700 o o

8.000.	000 o o

53* GEO. III.

Debentures -	-	53 G» 3.

Annuities (after remitting

6,000,000/. to Ireland)	-—----

(dedu&ing One third for Ireland) -	-	■	■	—

Exchequer Bills	-	— —	■

Ditto	-	-	■■■■	—

Part of Monies remaining to be received 12tb Feb. 1813 to complete 20,400,000/. granted out of Produce of War Taxes 1812.

granted above, § III.) granted above, § IV.) granted above, § V.) granted above, $ I.)

53-

c. 69.

93-e. 119. c. 118.

21,000,OCO O O

5,862,900 O O 531,096 O O

500.000	o O The following Sums, viz.

2.000.	000 o o Annuities and

Treafury Bills

6.000.	000 o o Annuities Share of Lotteries

330.000	o o Treafury Bills 70,812 00'

Appropriation, viz.

21,212,011 11	7	For	Naval Services; that is to fay, £ s.

3,230,500 o o For 140,000 Men, 1	ri	15

4^99*75° 0 0 For Vi&uals, __ At^ 2 7 3*549>ooo 00

Exchequer under tne Afts

(granted above, $ VI.)

I

a

1 *--

3 S.—

T! 4

w

c«

*C

a.

a

Is

coming in to~| 53 C.3. c.6l.~| &*= the Irijb |	|	|>

JlP

637.000	o o

J*255>932 10 *°

444,203 o 2

100.000	o o 1,050,000 o o

277*754 1° 8

2>33°>943

2,822,031

l*°43*3°2 o o

57*793 ° 7

40,510 16 o

M91 *3 4

For 140,000 Men,

For Victuals,	A

For Wear and Tear w

of ship., riJan^

For Ordnance for I on Sea Service, J For Salaries and Expences of' Admiralty, &c.

For Half Pay, &c. to Officers of Navy and Marines, flee. For Sick Prifoners of War at Home and Abroad For Prifoners of ^War in Health at Home and Abroad For Sick and Wounded Seamen at Home and Abroad For Hire of Tranfports For Building and Repairs of Ships of War and Extras For Provifions for Troops and Garrifons on Foreign Stations, and Rations for Troops embarked on board Tranfports For Superannuations, &c. in Admiralty For Salaries, Stationary and Contingencies of Tranfport Office

For Superannuations, See. to Clerks, &c. belonging to Tranfport Sendee -

c.So.

d.

61

1 19 o

P 7 °

For 13 Months-

► For the Year 1813.

*72,00c





A.D.i8i3‘

**3

X.

• XI. XIL

XIII.

XIV.

53* GEO. HI.

C.136.

For Breakwater in Plymouth Sound.

For Portugal, M to enable His Majefty to main-44 tain in his Pay a Body of Portuguese Troops, 44 and to give fuch further Aid and Afliftance 44 to the Government of Portugal as the Nature 44 of the Couteft in which His Majefty is en-44 gaged may appear to him to require.”

For Engagements with His Sicilian Majefty.

For Reuef of Inhabitants of RuJJia having fullered by the French Invafion.

For Engagements with the King of Sweden.

For Land Forces and other Services $ that is to fay, For Land Forces at Home'1 and Abroad (except in the Eafi Indies> Foreign Corps, in Britifls Pay and em- | bodied Militia)

30,236 10 10 For Five Troops of Dragoons and Seventeen Companies of • Foot for

*72,060 o o 2,000,000 * o o

400.000	o o

200.000	o o

1,000,000 o o

33>o89>334 16 6

7,967,201 1 ix

3,082,491 1 5

33,0*9 8 4

350,026 o o 3,256,223 1 8

131*900 o o

320,161, 17 2



*i6>997 4 *

14,69$ 19 6 563,089 18 »

From

For Embodied Militia of Great Britain and Ireland, and of the Royal Corps of Miners of Devon and Cornwall For Full Pay of Supernumerary Officers of Forces For Barrack Department - ^ For Commiffary in Chief’s Department For Storekeeper General’s Department For principal Officers of feve-1 ral Public Departments in Great Britain and Irelandt their Deputies, Clerks and Contingent Expences, and Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymafters General For Half Pay to reduced Officers of Land Forces including Britijb American Forces and Scotch Brigade, late in the Service of the States General For Military Allowances to reduced Officers of Land Forces, including Britifb American Forces For In and Out Penfioners of Chelfea and Kilmainham

p p 4

For the Year 1813.

From \ 25th Dec, 1812, to 24th Dec. 1813.

Hofpitab,





584	C.13&

£$%tu+ 18 9

475400 1 7 636,623 o o 1*236,674 18 9

m.31? x5 5

127,081 11 3

30,055 9 10

460,587 6 4 295,605 5 4

16,005 17 2 623,019 6 6

53* GEO. III.

Hofpitals, and Expences of the Hofpitals For Penfions to Widows of Officers of Land Forces, and Expences attending the fame in Great Britain and Ireland For Volunteer Corps in Great Britain and Ireland j For Local Militia Force in I Great Britain For Foreign Corps in Service of Great Britain and Ireland

For Allowances to retired Chaplains and to Clergymen officiating with Forces at Home and Abroad, and Expences of Office of Chaplain General, &c.

For Medicines and Surgical Materials for Land Forces and Hofpital Contingencies For Allowances on Com-paffionate Lid to Children of deceafed Officers of Land Forces, and to Wi- > dows of Officers of faid Forces not entitled to Peniions, including Allowances as of His Maiefty’s Royal Bounty to leveral Officers, and to Relatives of certain deceafed Officers For Barrack Department in Ireland For CommifTariat Department in Ireland, and Forage for Cavalry there For Allowances, Compenfa-tions and Emoluments in the Nature of Superannuation or retired Allowances to Perfons belonging to feveral Public Departments in Great Britain and Ireland in refpedt of their having held Public Offices of a Civil Nature For General and Staff Officers and Officers of Hofpital ferving with Forces, and Charge of Gairifons „

A.D.1813.

From 25th Dec. 1812, t* 24th Dec. 1813.

*9.500,000



AJX1813.	53’GEO. III.

C.136.	535

££>500,000 o

XV.

4,662,797 2

3,700,499 7

70,948 13 67,319 o 80,4.56 2

5,211 O

20,142 l8

505,211 5

11 >474 4

3,011 6

XVI. 10,500,000 o XVII. 8,000,000 o

► For the Year 1813.

For Extraordinary Services 1 of Army of Great Britain > For the Year 1813. and Ireland -	J

For Extraordinary Expences of Army from 25th Dec. 1811, to 24th Dec. 1812.

For Office of Ordnance for Land Service for Great Britain for 1813.

Ditto}not provided For Office of Ordnance for'1 * Great Britain on Account of Allowances to Superannuated, &c. Officers, to Officers feconded, to Officers for good Services, to Officers lofing an Eye or a Limb, to fuperannuated and difabled Men and Pen-fions to Widows, &c. of deceafed Officers late belonging to feverai Ordnance Military Corps Ditto not provided for in 18 J2.

For Allowances, & c. in'] the Nature c*f fuperannuated or retired Allowances to Perfons late belonging to Office of Ordnance in Great Britain in refpe& of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and alfo for Widows’ Pen-fions

For Office of Ordnance for Ireland fc-Ditto, for Pay of retired Officers of late Iri/h Artillery, &c. and Penfions to Widows of deceafed Officers of the fame For Allowances, &c. in the Nature of fuperannuated or retired Allowances to Perfons late belonging to Office of Ordnance in Ireland, in refpeft of their having ^held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and alfo for Widows' Penfions„

For difcharging outftanding Exchequer Bills under

52 G« 3. c• 4. Ditto forthe Service of the Year 1812.

XVIII,

For the Year 1813.



S8d

XVIIL

XIX.

XX.

XXI.

XXII.

XXIII.

XXIV.

G-136.

53* GEO. HI.

A.D.1813.

£ 1 ,500,000 o O For difcharging Out Handing Exchequer Bills for the Service ot the Year 1812,	52	G.	3.	r. 5.

Ditto -	-	-	 c.k

Ditto -	-	■	-c.	164,

To make good like Sum iffued purfuant to Ad. dreffes of the Houfe of Commons, not made good by Parliament.

5,000,000 o o 2,249,400 o o 14,715 JO 10

3,066 19 11 Ditto. Civil Eftablilhments, viz.

8,441 o 11,294 19 5,625 o 3,296 10 1*023 o 4,002 o $>3i3 o 2,644 o 600 o

14,102

I3>295

25.000

*>3'7

19.000

6.000 123,000

4.000

o

8

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

10

o

o

o

o

o

o

From 1 ft Jo. to 31ft.Dtf.18j3.

11,500 o o

► For the Year 18/3,

3>S°°i

3*°°

2,889 15 7§’ 112 7 8 3,000 o o 2,245 5 8

418 13

1,146

o o

271 II o

520 i 6

Upper Canada Nova Scotia New Brunfwtck Bahama IJlands Bermuda or Somer*s IJlands Newfoundland Prince Edward*s IJland Cape Breton

Dominica (Salary of Chief Juftice)

Sierra Leone New South Wales

For Forte on Coaft of Africa for 1813.

For Court Houfe for Marjhal- ~ fea Court For American Loyalifts For Saint Domingo Sufferers For Clergy and Laity of France For French and Corjican	I

ForToulonefeand ^Emigrants Corfican	|

For Dutch	J

For French Emigrants in Jerfey and Guernfcy	-	-

f For Charges heretofore paid out of Proceed* of Old Naval Stores.

To William James Cook Efquire, to pay Fee* on Knighthood of Captain George Byre. To Benjamin Eafon Efquire, to pay reef 00 palling Public Accounts.

To Joan Rickman Efquire, for preparing Abftrad of Schedules of Population of Great Britain, and Expences.

To George Holford Efquire, to payPrennunf to Three Architects for Plans for Penitentiary Houfe.

To Peter | Grant Efquire, for Commiffiooer* for enquiring into Conduit of Bufinehin Office of Works.

To DoCtor Thomas Brooke Clarke, for Returns of Non-refidence of Clergy for Half a Year, ending 5th July 1812. .

To Lieutenant Nicholas Charles Ddree, ai a Gratuity for bringing from Sweden the Treaties between Rujfta and that Country.

14	dii

£

1

to

u

M

cn

E





£i6	9	2\

4»S74 o 6 3>°93 >4 o «JS 6 °

1,249 >6 0

>45 9 <5 1,684 l8 °

428 13 o 2,631 4 6

1.582	9 o

1.582	8 6 9*>3 1 3

400 4 o 2,059 5 o 37* 6 0

117 4 8 7>93 3 7 °

To Philip Cipriani Efquire, to pay Bill drawn by Sir George Beckwith from Bar-badocs, for Support of Africans,

To Frederick Nicolay Efquire, to pay Bills drawn by Lieutenant Governor Maclean for Africans on Board the Falcon,

To Jamei Read Efquire, for Horfe Patrole for Half a Year, ending 10th 03, 1812.

To John Harriott Efquire, and other Magif-trates of Thames Police Office, for Plan for Security of Shipping in die Port of London.

To Meffrs. Gurney9% for attending Public Committees of Houfe of Commons laft Seffion.

To Edward Walmifley Efquire, for preparing 45 th VoL of Lords9 Journals for Prcfs.

To Thomas Brodie Efquire, for incidental Expences in forming Indexes to Journals of the Lords.

To John France Efquire, for affixing in making Index to Rolls of Parliament.

To Lord Walfingi ham, as Chairman of Committees of Houfe of Peers, in 1812.

To Edward Stracey Efquire, for attending as < Counfel upon Chairman of Committees of Houfe of Peers.

To William Watfon Efquire, Seijeant at Arms to Houfe of Lords in 1812.

To George Saunders Efquire, for invefti-gating Accounts for Public Works done under Superintendance of James Wyatt Efquire.

To George Dickens and John Church Efquires, for Stationary for Public Service at New South Wales.

To Richard Troward Efquire, for Expences incurred in carrying on Impeachment againft Warren Haftings Efquire.

To William Speer Efquire, in Re-imburfe-ment of Fees and Charges on Money iffued to Commiffioners appointed to examine into Laws relating to Ele&ion of Jurats, in I Hand of Jerfey•

To James Chapman Efquire, to pay Fees on Commiffion for enquiring into State of Illands of Malta and Gozo.

To William 09 Court and John Burr owes Efquires, and Wil/iam Meyer Efquire, Secretary, Compenfation for Sendees under a Commiffion for enquiring into State of Ifland of Malta,

*3>5°9





$88

AD. 1813.

C. 13

S3' GEO. III.

*3-509 8 9

10.000	o o

50.000	O O

I,	880 o o

2.000	O O

20.000	O O

4,200 o o

11.000	o o 172 14 6

2.000	O O

I

5,400 o o 2,118 4 7

1,166 14 10

80.000	o o

*»73* IS 3 4,500 o o

12.000	O O

85.000	O O

10.000	o o

II,	298 11 4

16.000	o o

► For the Year 1813.

For Repairing Henry the"]

Seventh’s Chapel For Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scot-land

For Inland Navigation from the Eajlern to the Wcjlern Sea by Invernefs and Fort William For Salaries of certain Officers of Two Houfes of Parliament For Fees on paffing Public Accounts For Law Charges For Expences incident to Two Houfes of Parliament

To Sheriffs for Con vision of Felons and Over-payments

For Deficiency of Grant of laft Selfion for Printing Votes of Houfe of Commons.

For Printing Votes of Houfe of Commons during the prefent Selfion.

For Stationary for Two"

Houfes of Parliament For Bills of Ulher of Court of Exchequer for applying Court * and Officers with Stationary, repairing the Court, and Fees to Officers To pay Cnaritable Allowances to Poor of Saint Martins in the Fields et alia

For Bills drawn from New South Wales For Superintendance of Aliens

For Extraordinary Expences for Profecutions, &c. relating to the Coin For Public Office Bow Street	-	-	J

For completing Royal Military College at Sand-hurjl.

For Holyhead Harbour - For the Year 1813. For Deficiency of Grant of laft Selfion for Printing Bills, &c. by Order of Houfe of Commons.

For Printing Bills, &c. by Order of Houle of Commons this Seffion.

*3,500

► For the Year 1813.

 ^.ooQle

£i>$co o o

IO,COO o o

75»c°°

38.997

o o

10

27,096	11 1	[i
10,511	1	61
26,000	0	0
175,000	0	0
15,500	0	0
9,coo	0	0
1,615 14		0
753	12	6
131,225	10	9
52,830	10	0
39>23+	1	6
[,800,000	0	0
►,000, COO	0	0
260,000	0	0
11,000	0	0
1,632	7	9
i >718	4	0
25>257	2	7
22,013	6	0
1^28,407	0	0
3,000	0	0
25,000	0	0
100,000	0	0
3>33S	17	2

For Printing 1,7CO Copies' of Vol. 66. of Journals of the Houfe of Commons

For Reprinting 6 Vols. ► In the Year 1813. of Journals or the Houfe of Commons For Maintaining, &c. Con-vi&s at Home For Royal Military College 1	From

--------------------Afylum	f	25th Dec. 1812, to

at Chelfea	J	24th Dec. 1813.

For Deficiency of Grant of laft Sefiion for Printing for Houfe of Lords, and for Printing Ads of Parliament for 1812.

For Printing for Houfe of'

Lords, and Printing Ads of Parliament For Secret Services For extra Charge for Contingencies of the Three Secretaries of State - For the Year 1812.

------------------- Mef-

fengers of the Three Secretaries of State For Proteftant Diflenting Minifters in England Ditto - Ireland ) For paying f 5th April! 1813, Intereft of certain J off on 110th 03. $ Annuities at £$per Cent. For completing Building of Bethlem Hofpital, and Furniture.

For Intereft on Exchequer Bills, .

To ILaJl India Company for Expences incurred in the Public Service.

For Redudion of National Debt for Year ending 1 ft Feb. 1814,

For Gaol and other Buildings at Edinburgh.

For Improvements in JVeJl~!

minjler	-	-	]	*	For the Year 1813,

For French Refugee Clergy.

For Expence of Royal'1 Naval Ajylum calculated ] * for 1,000 Children -J For Buildings at Royal"

Naval Afylum For Penitentiary Houfe at Millbank For Board of Agriculture J For Sufferers by the Volcanic Eruption in the Ifland of Saint Vincent in 1812.

To Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty.

For Printing 1,250 Copies each of Vol. 46. and 47. of Journals of Houfe of Peers.

*501

From I & April 18 1$. to 31 fiMarch 1814.

► For the Yelr 1813



590

C.136.

£$oi 9 266 13 4

60 o o 170 o o

320 o o

53 GEO, III.

A.D.1813.

2,647 10

3,oco o

4,600 o 19,982 10

7,197 19

1,000 o

10,000 o 6,411 10 616 13

3*093 14

424 3

141 8 o

142 16 521 15

9*372 >8 4

2} For Deficiency of Grant for 1811 for Printing 1,750 Copies of Vo). 63. and 64. of Journals of Houle of Commons for Seffions 1808 and 1809. 4 For Superannuation Allow-^ ance to Jofeph Planta Efquire formerly one of |

Paymailers of Exchequer Bills

O Ditto	John Pingo

formerly Affiftant Engraver at the Mint o For Superannuation Allow- ^ For the Year 1813. ance to Edward Royer | formerly Clerk in Lottery Office

Ditto	to Two re- 1

tired Clerks formerly employed in Office of Com-miffioners for Auditing Public Accounts o{ For Works and Repairs at Fleet Prifon in 1811 and 1812. o For National Vaccine Eftab-1

lifhment -	-	>	For the Year 1813.

o For French Refugee Laity J

0	For Half a Year’s Intereft on Debentures raifed

this Seffion.

1	For Truftees of Britijh Mufeum.

o Ditto	for	purchafing	Books	refpcfting

the Britijh Ifiands and PofTeffions of the Briti/h Empire, o To difcharge rart of Expence for Printing Parifh Regifters in 1813.

6 For Printing by Order of Commiffioners of Public Records.

f To Matthew Martin Efquire, towards carrying into effe& a Plan for enquiring into the State of the Mendicity of the Metropolis.

To James Read Efquire, for Horfe Patrole for Half a Year to 5th April i8i3-

To Thomas Ncttlcjhip Efquire, for pub-lifhing Weekly Returns of Average Prices of Sugar, for One Year to ift 03. 1812.

To Edward Walmtjley Efquire, for preparing Vol. 46. of Lords’ Journals for Prefs.

Ditto	Vol.	47-

To Peter Grant Efquire, for Commiffioners for enquiring into ConduA of Bufinefs in (Jffice of Works.

To Charles Rivington Broughton Efquire, for Expences incurred by Special Commiffioners

O

> a

o



A.D.i8i3-

53» GEO. III.

C.136.

591

<4,972 o o 316 13 O 426 10 6

4.»7* 3 9i

1,004 8 5$ 3,407 2 o

4*5 *7 9

271	8	o

6.54* 3 * 3.23* 3 0

6,168 3 11

XXV.	Iri/b Currency.

250 o o

200 o o 200 o o 150 o o 200 o o 200 o o

XXVI.	32,965 1 o

23,943	6	8

10,500 o o <25,000 o o 2,500 o o 1,047 10 2

3

O

u

c

o

s

c

o

§0 i

miffioners appointed to a Million to Spani/b South America.

To Commiffioners appointed to a Million to Spanijh South America, as Compenfation for Services.

To Harriott Efquire, for carrying into effect a Plan for Security of Shipping in Port of London.

To Thomas Nicholas Wittwer Efquire, for in-veftigating Accounts between the Eafi India Company and the Public for One Year to 7th Sep. 1812.

To Frederick Nicolay Efquire, to pay Bills drawn by Sir J. F. Craddock, by Lieutenant General Morrifon and by Governor Maxwell for Maintenance of Africans.

To F. IV. Barron and J. Patrick, for lighting Lamps for two Houfes of Parliament in Sellion 1812.

To Officers of Tally Court*) in the Receipt of theEx- | for joining Tallies chequer -	-	i	for	One	Year to

To Deputy Chamberlains I 5th Jan. 1813.

of Exchequer	-	J

To Dodfcor Thomas Brooke Clarke, for Returns of Refidence and Non Refidence of Clergy for Half a Year ending 5th Jan. 1813.

For Parliamentary Services and Services of a Public Defcription fince 5th Jan. 1812. For Charges heretofore paid out of Proceeds of Old Naval Stores.

For Works and Repairs of Military Roads in North Britain for 1813.

[In Ireland.] lnfpe6tor General of Imports and Exports, prepar*.

ing Accounts of Ireland.

Firft Clerk of Ditto, preparing Accounts. Examinator of Excife, Ditto.

Affiftant Examinator of Excife, Ditto.

Examinator of Corn Bounties, for keeping Accounts. Clerk in Office of Auditor of the Exchequer, for preparing Accounts for Parliament.

Board of Works Printing, 8cc. for Secretaries1" Offices and other Public Offices ini?//£/mCaille,&c. Proclamations and other Matters in Dublin Gazette, &c. Criminal Profecutions and ► other Law Expences Apprehending Public Offenders -Expence of Pratique in the Port of Dublin

For the Year 1813.

For One Year ending 5th Jan. 1814.

*740





59*

C. 136.

53^ GEO. III.

XXVII.

XXVIII.

740	0	0
1,086	0	0
9>4Sl	9	0
3>951	0	0
2,232	0	0
50,000	0	0
4*500	0	0
1,2CO	0	0
7»5°°	0	0
10,000	0	0
21,600	0	0
10,000	0	0
5>oco	0	0
50,000	0	0
16,548	0	0
50,000	0	0
50,000	0	0
2,500	0	0
4T»539	0	0
33**75	0	0
52»375	0	0
u>797	0	0
2,876	0	0
9*673	0	0
2,123	0	0
8*375	0	0

A.D.1813.

1 For 18 Months J from 1 ft Feb. 1813. Clothing Heralds, Purfuivantsl p v at Arms and State Tram- ^ or * Ycars

Clothing Battle Axe Guards

3 Years frotsi 17th March 1813,

For One Year ending 5th Jan. 1814.

For OneYearendog 25th March 1814.

For One Year end-jng 5th Jan. 1814.

peters

Non Conforming Minifters

Support of Seceding Mi-' nifters	from	Synod

Uljler

Lottery Officers *	*	t	For	One Year <te

1	-	- J 24th

Hai hour of Hoioth, W.orks at, For the Year 1813.

Treafury Incidents - I For Year eod-J	j lng 5th Jan. 1814,

For Printing and Binding 250 Copies of Public Gc-neral Ads, 53 G. 3.

Britijh Currency. To CommifEoners for enquiring into Fees and Abufcs in Ireland.

Board of	Firft	Fruits	for'

Building Churches and Glebe	Houfes	and pur-

chafing Glebes Truftees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures	j

Dublin Society for promoting I Hufbauriry, &c.	-	-	j

Farming Society - -J Truttee8 and Commifiioners of Firft Fruits, toward* Building, &c. Churches and Chapels, &c. Commiflioners for making") «	^	,

wide and convenient Streets C For °Pe in Dublin .

Company of Undertakers of Grand Canal. Improving the Royal Canal.	£&*	as	to	Applicdkt

oj this Sum, c. 143. /£/?•]

Cork Inftitution Proteftant Charter Schools Foundling Hofpital in Dublin Houfe of Induilry, Hofpitals and Afylums for Induftrious Children in Dublin Hibernian Society for Soldiers’

Children at Dublin ■	—	Marine	Society	in

Dublin Roman Catholic Maynootji Female Orphan Houfe in Circular Road Duilin9 for 150 Children Wejlmcrland Lock Hofpital iu Dublin	-	.

For One Year ending 5 th Jan. 1814.

College at • por ^ ycar f$fj.

For One Ycar ending 5^h Jan. 1814*

3»a7x

 CjOOQle

3*71

2,089

o Lying-in Hofpital in Dublin o Building Sir Patrick Dunn’s Hofpital at Dublin 1,423 o o Do&or Ste*oens’ Hofpital at Dublin	-

3,000 o o Houfe of Recovery and Fever Hofpital Cork Street Dublin, and for maintaining 180 Patients 600 o o Charge of Commifiioners of Charitable Dqnations and Bequefts

4,177 o o Affociation for difcountenanc-ing Vice and promoting Chriftian Religion 323 10 5 Green Coat Holpital of City of Cork

XXIX. And be it further ena&ed, That all Suras of Money hereby granted to make good Money iffued at the Receipt of the Exchequer out of His Majefty’s Civil Lift Revenues, and to make good Money iffued purfuant to Addreffes of the Houfe of Commons, mall be iffued and paid without any Fee or other Dedu&ion what-foever.

For One Year ending $\h Jan. 1814.

Sums granted t# mike good Payments out of Civil Lift iffued without Fee*

XXX.	Supplies applied for Purpofes' aforefaid

XXXI.	Rules for Application of Half Pay

XXXII.	Half Pay to Officers of Manx Fencibles -

XXXIII.	------------- Chaplains	of	Regi-	*

ments although in Poffeffion of Ecclefiafticai Benefices

XXXIV.	Application of Overplus of Sum j

under 52 G. 3. c. 154. $11. to I Reduced Officers - .	•	J

As in 52 G.3*r.i54. $29—33.

CAP. CXXXVII.

An A£t to amend the feveral A&s for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder; by Retail, in Ireland.	[13 th July 1813.]

*	HEREAS	by	an A& made in the Forty fifth Year of the q c. ca

*	VV Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for reg\s- *	*

€ latirtg Licences for the Sale of "Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale

4 and Cyder by Retail; and for difcouraging the immoderate Ufe of 4 Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, it is, amongft other things, ena&ed,

4 that no Perfon (hall be capable of receiving a Licence to fell Spiri-

* tuous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Cyder by . Retail, who (hall

*	not previoufly take and fubferibe an Oath, among other things,

*	that he or (he will not permit or fuffer to be fold in any Houle,

4 Building, Out Houfe, Tent, Field or other Place, for his or her

*	Account or Profit (during the Continuance of the Licence), any 4 Spirituous Liquors which (hall not have been duly and legally

53 Geo. Hi.	Q q	4	permitted,



Regulation! for tikine cut-1 J-ccocsa for felliag Spirit*

Penalty.

47 0.3. SeC a.

«. XI. § 30.

Perfons drinking in any Houfe nay be apprehended and fined if Licence W not produced.

Penalty.

4 permitted, and attended with proper Permit!, to him or her, and 4 which (hall not, to the heft of his or her Knowledge or Belief, 4 have paid the full Duties due thereon to His Majefty;’ fie it eoafted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the paffing of this Aft, every Perfon requiring any fuch Licence (hall make, take and fubferibe that Part of the Oatn hereinbefore fpecified, in the Prefence of One Juftice of the Peace, and the Collector, Infpeftor General or the Surveyor of Excite in the Diftrift within which fuch Perfon (hall require to be licenced; and fuch Juftice, and fuch Surveyor, In. fpeftor General or Collector, as the cate may be, (hall atteft fuch Affidavit $ and that every Perfon who (hall require any fuch Licence, (hall produce, to the Diftributor of Stamps, or other Officer or Per* fon who is or (hall be empowered by Law or appointed to grant fuch Licence, fuch Affidavit, figned and fubferibed by fuch Perfon, and attefted as aforefaid, and (hall leave the fame with fuch Diftributor of Stamps, or other Officer who (hall tranfmit the fame, when required, to the Commiffioners of Inland Efccite and Taxes; and if anyDiftributor of Stamps, or other Officer, (hall grant or iff* any fuch Licence to any Perfon who (hall not produce to and leaW with him fuch Affidavit fo made and figned and attefted as aforeiaid, fuch Diftributor of Stamps, or other Officer, (hall forfeit the Sam of Twenty Pounds to any Perfon who will fue or profecute for the fame, fuch Penalty or Forfeiture to be levied and recovered as any Penalty of the like Amount may be recovered and levied under and by virtue of the faid recited Aft of the Forty fifth Year, or under or by virtue of an Aft, made in the Forty feventh Year of Hn'pretent Majefty’i Reign, intituled An A3 to make further Regulations with refpeS to Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in Ireland ; and fuch Licence (hall be, and the fame » hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes ; and the Perfon whole Licence (hall fo become null and void, (hall he deemed an unlicensed Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, and (hall be fubjeft to fuch Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, as Retailers of Spirituous Liquors without Licence are fubjeft to.

II. And be it further enafted. That whenever any Juftice of the Peace, or Chief or High Conftable, or any Officer appointed by or afting under the Commiffioners of Cuftoms, Excite and Stamps refpeftively, (hall find any Perfons drinking in any Houfe, Shop* Storehouse or other Building, or any Booth or Shed, Hut, Tent, Stall or Place in which or where any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder, Perry, Metheglin or Mead (hall he fold by Retail, and the Licence for inch Sale (hall not upon Demand be produced to fuch Juftice of Peace, Conftable or Officer according to Law, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Juftice of Peace, Conftable or Officer to apprehend all fuch Perfons fo fotnd drinking there ; and every fuch Perfon fo found drinking Audi, upon Con-viftion before any Juftice of Peace in manner diie&ed by the (aid recited Aft of the Forty fifth Year aforeiaid, be fubjeft and liable to \ a “Fine or Penalty not exceeding Twenty ShlUhlgs and not left than Five Shifting!, in the Diteietion of fuch Juftice, to be paid ltd ^applied in fuch manner as is direfted by the faid rtdtcd Ad of the

Forty





A<D.iSr3>

53°GKO. III.	C.137.	S9S

Forty fifth Year aforefeid 5 and in cafe fuch Penaky Audi not be paid by the Offender immediately upon Convi&ion, fuch Offender (hall be committed to Gaol by fuch Juftice, for any time not exceeding One imprifonment. Month, in the Difcretion of fuch Juftice.

III. And be it further enaded, That no Perfon (hall be entitled to No A^ion t« or (hall maintain any Caufe, Adion or Suit, in any Civil Bill Court, be before any Affiftant Barrifter at any General Seffion or Quarter Seffion of the Peace for any County in Ireland, upon any Promiflbry cootrzdtd for Note, Bill, Bond or other Writing, given in the Whole or in Part Spirits, as a Security for the Payment of any Debt contraded for Spirituous or other Liquors fold by Retail; and it (hall be lawful for the Affifl-ant Barrifter prefiding at fuch Civil Bill Court in all cafes, and he is hereby required to examine the Witoeffes produced on the Trial of any (uch Suit or Adion in any fuch Court, or any other Perfons ; and if fucb Affiftant Barrifter (hall, on the Evidence of fuch Wit-neffea or other Perfons, be fetisfied that any Part of the Debt or Demand, or any Part of the Confideration of any Promiflbry Note,

Bill, Bond or other Security, on account of which fuch Adion or Suit fhall be brought or profecuted, has arifen from the Sale of Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, it fhall be lawful for fuch Affiftant Barrifter, and he is hereby required to difmifs fuch Adion or Suit, or to nonfuit the Plaintiff therein ; and to dired the Payment of Cofts by fuch Plaintiff, in like manner a9 if the faid Plaintiff had not bad any Caufe of Adion or Suit whatever againft the Defendant therein.

* IV. And whereas it is, among other things, enaded by the 47 0.3. SeflT.a. 4 fmid recited Ad of the Forty feventh Year aforefaid, that any c*I2*

4 Grocer or Perfon exercifing by himfelf or herfelf, or by any One

*	for his or her own Ufe or Benefit, the Trade or Bufinefs of a Grocer,

4 or who (hall be licenfed &9 a Grocer, or in whofe Houfe or in § X4«

*	any Building occupied by him or her, or any Houfe or Building 4 adjoining thereto and which fhall communicate with fuch Houfe or 4 Building, the Trade or Bufinefs of a Grocer (hall be carried on in

*	any Place where the Stamp Duty to be paid for a Licence to fell 4 Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail (hall not be lefs than Twenty

*	two Pounds, fhall be capable of being licenced in fuch Place to « retail Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or

4 Perry, Metheglin or Mead;’ Be it enaded, That, from and after Rate pauMy

the paffing of this Ad, whenever any fuch Licence (hall be required Grocer* taking

by luch Grocer or other Perfon dt fcribed in the faid recited Ad, out *-lcwe*

it fhall and may be lawful for any Diftributor of Sumps or other

Officer empowered by Law or appointed for that Purpole, to grant

fuch Licence to fuch Grocer in Places where the Stamp Duty on

fuch Licences is Forty Pounds, upon Payment by fuch Grocer or

Perfon of the Sum of Thirty Pounds only, and in Places whets

the Stamp Duty on fuch Licences is Thirty three Pounds, upon

Payment by fuch Grocer or other Perfon of the Sum of Twenty

five Pounds only, and in Places where the Stamp Duty on fuch

licences is Twenty two Pounds, upon Payment by fuch Grocer .or

other Perfon of the Sum of Seventeen Pounds only, upon any Piece ■

of Parchment (lamped with any Stamp denoting the Payment of

facia Sum of Thirty Pounds, Twenty five Pounds or Seventeen

Pounds refpedively ; any thing in any Ad or Ads to the contrary

in any wife natwtthCbuuling: Provided always, that Audi Grocer or Pcorifc

Qq a	Perfon

 v^.ooQle

S96-

4? G. 3 e-5°-

47 G.3. SefT.i. c. 1 a.

Duty on Licences for felling Spirits reduced from ill. to 7I.

Such Licences not to permit Sale of Spirits in greater Quantities than Two Gallons.

J uftices, &c. may fummon Diftri-butors of Stamps and other Per-fons authorized to grant Licences, to give Information refpeding granting of fuch Licences.

Kot attending. Penalty.

C. 137.	53® GEO, III.	A. D. 1813.

Perfon fo to be licenced (hall be fubjed to all other Rules, Regulations and Reftridions with refped to fuch Licence as are dire&ed by the faid recited Ads of the Forty fifth and Forty feventh Year, or any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland, and that no fuch Licence fhall be transferrable to any Perfon other than a Grocer ; and in cafe fuch Licence (hall be transferred to any other Perfon thjjn a Grocer, fuch Licence fhall be and become utterly null and void 5 and any Perfon other than a Grocer who (hall retail any Spirituous or other Liquors under or by virtue of or under Pretence or Colour of fuch Licence fo granted to fuch Grocer, fhall be deemed an unlicensed Perfon, and fhall be liable to all Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are inf) ded by the faid recited Ads of the Forty fifth and Forty feventh Years aforefaid, or any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland relating to fuch Licences.

V.	And be it further enaded, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, it fhall and may be lawful for any Diftributor of Stamps, or other Officer empowered by Law, or appointed for that Purpofe, to grant any Licence to retail Spirituous or other Liquor* to any Perfon entitled to require the fame, in Places and Parts of Ireland where the Stamp Duty on fuch Licences is Eleven Pounds, upon Payment by fuch Perfons of the Sum of Seven Pounds only, upon any Piece of Parchment (lamped with any Stamp denoting the Payment of the Sum of Seven Pounds only ; any tiling in any Ad or Ads to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding: Provided always, that every fuch Perfon fo to be licenced fhall be fubjed to all other Rules, Regulations and Reftridions with refped to luch Licence as are required by the faid recited Ads of the Forty fifth or Forty feventh Year6, or any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland: Provided neverthelefs, that no fuch Perfon who (hall be fo licenfed in fuch Places, upon Payment of the Sum of Seven Pounds only, fhall he entitled to be licenfed to fell Spirituous Liquors in fuch Places in Quantities exceeding Two Gallons, upon Payment of any further Sum of Money whatever, nor fhall fell any fuch Liquors itf fuch Places in Quantities exceeding Two Gallons; any thing in any Ad or Ads contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful for any Juftice of the Peace, or other Magiftrate, and for the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, and their Sub Commif-fioners within their refpedive Jurifdidions, to fummon all Diftii-butors of Stamps and other Officers or Perfons authorized by Law, or appointed to grant Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, to appear and give Evidence refpeding any Matters and Things relating to the granting of any fuch Licence, as any fuch Juftice of Peace or Magiftrate, Commiffioner or Sub Commif-fioner refpectively, fhall be defirous of being informed of for the Purpofe of putting in Execution this Ad or the faid recited Ad of the Forty fifth and Forty feventh Year, or either of them; and if any fuch Diftributor of Stamps or other Officer or Perfon ai aforefaid, (hall negled or refufe to appear to fuch Summons, or, appearing, fhall refufe to give liis or her Teftimony, every fuch Perfon (hall, for every fuch Negled or Refufal, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds Briti/h Currency, lor the Ufe of the Poor of the Parilh, in which fuch Diftributor of Stamps, or Officer or other Perfon (hail dwell; and in cafe of Nonpayment thereof, fuch Juftice or Magiftrate,

or





597

A.D. 1813.	53°GEO.	III.	C.	137,	138.

or Commiffioners or Sub Comrai ffioners, as the cafe may be, (hall and vnay, and he and they is and are hereby authorized to iflue a Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to levy fuch Sum by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, and for want of Effe&s fuficient to anfwer fuch Sum, (hall iflue a Kke Warrant to commit to the Houfe of Corredion or County Gaol the Perfon fo offending, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize for any Space of time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That upon any Information, A6tion, Suit or Profecution for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty of Forfeiture, under the faid recited Ads of the Forty fifth and Forty Seventh Years, or either of them, or under this Ad, and in any Trial or Proceeding on fuch Information, Afction, Suit or Profecution, the Perfon or Perfons having given Information againft the Offender or Offenders, /hall in all cafes be a competent Witnefs or Witnefles.

CAP. CXXXVIIL

An Ad for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

[13th July 1813.]

■ TT7HEREAS not with dan ding the Ads heretofore pa fled for

*	VV the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and the Difcharge of

*	many Prifoners for Small Debts by Charitable Donations, leveral

*	Perrons generally remain confined for Debt in different Prifons in

*	Ireland; and it is therefore expedient to make a general Provi-4 fion for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland, under certain

*	Redridions;’ Be it therefore enadted, and be it enaded by the King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pefent Parliament adembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, an Ad pafied in Ireland in the Thirty feventh Year of His Maiefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for the Relief and Maintenance of Insolvent Debtorj detained in Prifon; and alfo another Ad, palTed in the Fiftieth Year of His Maiefty’s Reign, to extend and amend the Provifions of the faid recited Ad, fhall dand and be repealed 5 fave fo far as relates to any Perfon who has been adually dilcharged from Cudody under the fame, before the pafflngof this Ad, and fave that any Perfon who has before the palling of this Ad prefented a Petition for his or her Difcharge under the Provifions of the faid Ads or of either of them, may, if he or fhe fhall think proper, proceed under the fame, and have the full Benefit thereof refpedively, as if this Ad had not pafied.

II. And be it further enaded, That, from and after the paflingr of this Ad, it fhall be lawful for every Perfon who (hall be a Pri-foner in any Prifon in Ireland, upon any Procefs whatfoever, ifTuing from any Court whatfoever, for or by reafon of any Debt, Damage, Cods, Sum or Sums of Money, or Contempt for Nonpayment of Money, and who (hall have been in Cudody upon fome Procefs for fome or one of the faid Debts or Demands, during the Space of Three Calendar Months or more, to apply by a Petition in a fummary wav to the Court from whence fuch Procefs ifiued, for his or her Ditcharge from fuch Confinement, according to the Provifions of thjs Ad; and in fuch Petition fuch Prifoner (hall date the Prifon wherein

Q q 3	fuch





Imprifonment.

Informers com-pettnt Witnefles*

37 G. 3. (I.) c. 49.

So G. 3.0.47*

repealed.

Prifoners in Cuftody in any Prifon in Ireland for Three Months, te apply to be dif. charged by Petition to Court from whence Procefs UTucd.

59*

C*i3&*	53*	GEO. Ill-	A.D.i8i£»

fuch Prifoner (hall he then confined, the time when fuch Prifoner was firft charged in Cuftody or received in Prifon upon (ome Procefo o«i which he or (he (hall then be detained in Prifon, together with the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons at whofe Suit or Pro. feeution fuch Prifoner (Kali, at the time of prefenting fuch Petition, he detained in Prifon, and the Amount of each and every Debt or Sum of Money for which fuch Prifoner fhaH be fo detained, sad (hall pray to be discharged from Cuftody upon all fuch Procefs, and to hare future Liberty of his or her Perfon againft the Demands for which fuch Prifoner (hall be then in Cuilody, and againft the Demands of all other Perfons who (hall be named or fpecified as Creditors, or as claiming to be Creditors of fuch Prifoner, in the Schedule annexed to luch Petition ; and fuch Prifoner (hall by fuch Petition offer to convey, affign and deliver to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the Court (hall diredf, for the Payment of fuch Debts and Sums of Money refpe&ively from which fuch Prifoner (hall fi ek to be 'difeharged, all fuch Property as fuch Prifoner (hall poffefs, or have in his or her Power, as hereinafter expreffed ; the Wearing Apparel and Bedding for fuch Prifoner and his or her Family, and Working Tools and neceffary Implements for his or her Occupation or Calling, and other fmall Neceffaries, not exceeding in the whole the Value of Ten Pounds, only excepted; and (hall alfo offer to engage to pay fo much of all fuch Debts and Demands refpe&ively as (hall be juftly due from fuch Prifoner to fuch Creditors, as (hall not be difeharged by means of the Property fo to be conveyed, affigned and delivered, in cafe fuch Prifoner (hall at any time thereafter become pofleffed Schedule of of fufficient means for fuch Purpofe; to which Petition (hall be Debts and Ef- annexed a Schedule, containing a full and true Description of all fc&s, &c. annex- an(j every the Perfon and Perfons to whom fuch Prifoner (ball then ed to eution. ^ indebted, or w^0 to or her Knowledge or Belief (hall claim to be a Creditor or Creditors of fuch Prifoner, with the Nature and Amount of fuch Debts and Claims refpettively, and of every Security for the fame refpe&ively, diftinguifhing fuch Debts and Claims as (bau be admitted, from fuch as (h3l be difputed by fuch Prifoner; and alfo a full, juft, true and perfect Account and Difcovery of all the Eftates and Effe&s, Real and Perfonal, in Poffeffion, Reverfion, Remainder or Expc6tancy, of every Nature and Kind whatforver, which fuch Prifoner, or any other Perfon or Perfons in Truft for fuch Prifoner, or for his or her Ufe, Benefit or Advantage, in any manner whatfoever fhall have been or (hall be feifed or pofleffed of, or interefted in, or entitled unto, or which fuch Prifoner, or any Perfon or Perfons in Truft for him or her, or for his or her Benefit, (hall have had or (hall have any Power to difpofe of or charge for the Benefit or Advantage of fuch Prifoner, at the time when fuch Prifoner was firft committed to Prifon, or charged in Cuftody for any of the Debts or Sums of Money for which fuch Prifoner (hall then be detained in Cuftody, or at any time fubfequent to that time, before and on the Day on which the Truth of fuch Schedule (hall be fworn to by fuch Prifoner as herein directed ; together with a full, iuft, true and perfect Account of all Debts at fuch time owing to luch Prifoner, or to any Perfon or Perfons in Truft for him or her, or for his or her Benefit or Advantage, either folely or jointly with any other Perfon or Perfons, and the Names and Places of Abode of the feveral Perfons from whom fuch Debt (hall be or (ball have been

due

'V





A42-i8>3*

qeq* m.

c-x3^ fen

dno or owhw> au4 of the Witneffes who can prove fnch Debts at fall remain dap (if any fuch there (hail be) fo far as fuch PriToner can (et forth the fame, and in wha£ manner any fuch Eftates oc Efie&s, Real or Perfonal, of fuch Prifoner (hall have been applied or difpo&d of fine* the time when fuch Prifoner (hall have been fa fwrft committed to Prifon or charged in Cuftody as aforefaid, and which of fuch Eftates or Efteds, or any of them, (hall have been in any roan* ner conveyed, aligned, difpofed of, charged or incumbered in any manner whatsoever, and when and in what manner, and for what Confideration, and to whom, and for whofe Beuefit, and which of fuch Edates and Effeds (hall, at the time of {wearing to fuch Schedule, be applicable to the Difcharge of the Demands of his or her Creditors; and fuch Schedule (hall aid) fully and truly delcribe

the Wearing Apparel and Bedding of fuch Prifoner and his or het Family, and the Working Tools and Implements, and other fraall Neceifaries intended to be excepted by fuch Prifoner from the Affignment propofed by the faid Petition to be made by fuch prifoner as aforefaid, together with the Values of fuch excepted Articles refpedively; and fuch prifoner (hall make Oath oF the Truth of fuch Petition and Schedule to the following Effed, or with fuch Variations, according to fpecial circumdances, as (ball be con^ fiftent with the Provifions of this Ad.

4 T A. B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Prefence of Almighty Farm of Oath of

*	God, do foletnnly fwear and declare, That on the	Truth of	Petitist

*	Day of	1	was	really	and truly a Prifoner in aD<1 Schsdult.

*	the adual Cuftody of	in	the	Prifon	or	Gaol

*	of	at	the	Suit	of

4 for the Sum of	[as	the	cafe may Jr], without

*	any Fraud or Collufion whatever; and that I have ever fince been

*	and now am a Prifoner in	in	the adual Cuftody of

*	the Keeper or Gaoler of	[as	the cafe may

4 Jr], or within the Liberties thereof, at the Suit of

4 and of	[as	the	cafe	may be], without any

4 Fraud or Collufion whatever; and that 1 have not taken the Be-4 nefit of any Ad of Parliament made for the Relief of Insolvent 4 Debtors within the Space of Five Years now laft paft, and that 1

*	have not had at any time fince I was committed to Prifon, or charged

*	in Cuftody by the faid	as	aforefaid, any

4 means whatsoever of difeharging the Demands of the faid

4	and	of	the	other	Perfons	named	or described

4 as my Creditors, or as claiming to be my Creditors, in the Sche-4 dule hereunto annexed and fubferibed by me, except the Eftates 4 and EfFeds mentioned in the faid Schedule ; and that I have not 4 now any means of difeharging fuch Demands, except fo much of 4 the faid Eftates and EfFeds as ftill remain applicable for that Pur-4 pofe, as expreffed in the faid Schedule; and that all the Eftates

*	and EfFeds which I have difpofed of fince I was fo firft committed 4 to Prifon or charged in Cuftody have been necefiarily expended by 4 me for the Maintenance of myfelf and Family, and for Law 4 Charges and other unavoidable Expences during my Confine*

4 ment, and in Payment of juft Debts, due and owing by me before 4 or fince the faid	Day	of

4 when I was gift committed to Prifon, or detained in Cuftody at

Qq4

4 the



6oo

53° GEO. Ill;

C.138.

A.D.1813.

*	the Suit of the faid	as	aforefaid; and that

‘ the faid Schedule doth contain, to the beft of my Knowledge aid 4 Belief, a full, juft, true and perfed Account and Difcovery of all

*	the Eftates and Effeds, Real and Perfonal, in Poffeffion, ReverfLa, 4 Remainder or Expe&ancy, and of every Nature and Kind foevrr, 4 which I now am, or which any Perfon or Perfons in Trull for rce,

*	or for my Ufe, Benefit or Advantage, now is or are feifed, pofleted 4 of, interefted in or entitled unto, or which was or were in my Pof.

*	feffion, Cuftody or Power, or in the Poffeffion, Cuftody or Pow<r ‘ of any fuch Perfon as aforefaid, or which I or any Petfo;i or Per.

*	fons had any Power of difpofing of or charging for my Benefit

4 or Advantage at the time I was fo firft committed to Prifoo or 1 charged in Cuftody by the faid	as

*	aforefaid, or at any time fince that time, and of all Debts owing to

*	me or to any Perfon or Perfons in Truft for me or for my Benefit, 4 either folely or jointly with any other Perfon or Perfons, and of 4 all Securities or Contracts whereby any Money now is, or will, or ‘ may hereafter become payable, or any Benefit or Advantage say

*	accrue, or might have accrued to me or my Ufe, or to any Perfon ‘ or Perfons in Truft for me or for my Benefit, at the time I wssfo ‘ firft committed to Prifon or charged in Cuftody as aforefaid, asd 4 the Names and Places of Abode of the feveral Perfons from whom 4 fuch Debts are or were due and owing, and of the Witoeffes who 4 can prove fuch Debts or Contrads as remain due or unperformed, 4 fo far as I am able to fet forth the fame: and that neither 1 oot

*	any Perfon or Perfons in Truft for me or for my Ufe and Benefit, to 4 my Knowledge or Belief, have or has any Land, Money, Stock or 4 other Eftate or Effects whatfoever, eit r Real or Perfonal, in Pof* 4 feffion, Reverfion, Remainder or Expedancy, or of any Nature or

. * Kind whatfoever, or any Power of dilpofing of or of charging for my 4 Benefit or Advantage any Property whatfoever, other than fuch

*	as are in the faid Schedule contained or exprefled, except the 4 Wearing Apparel and Bedding for myfelf and Family, Working 4 Tools and the neceffary Implements far my Occupation and Calling,

4 and other fmall Neceffaries, not exceeding in the whole the Value 4 of Ten Pounds, mentioned and described in the faid Schedule, and 4 intended to be excepted from the Affignment intended to be made ‘by me ; and that I have not, nor hath or have any Pcrfoo or ‘ Perfons for me, diredly or indiredly, fold, leffened or other*

‘ wife conveyed or difpofed of, in Truft or otherwife, except as 4 hereinbefore expreffed, or in any manner concealed any Part of my ‘ Lands, Money, Goods, Chattels, Stocks, Debts, Securities, Con*

‘ trads, Eftates or Effeds, Real or Perfonal, whereby to fecure ‘the fame for my own Benefit, or whereby I may receive or expeft

'	‘ to receive any Profit or Advantage therefrom, or with any latent

€ to defraud or deceive any Creditor or Creditors to whom I am ot 4 was indebted, in any wife howfoever.

^ So help me GOD.1

Court or a And	Oath	fhall	and may be adminiftered to fuch Prifoacr

Juftke, toadmi- by fuch Court, or by any Perfon duly authorized to take Affidavit! nifterOath. for fuch Court, or by any Juftice of the Peace within whofc Jurif-didion fuch Prifoner fhall be detained in Cuftody: And the faid Petition and Schedule and Oath fhall be refpedively fubfcribedjgr

 boogie

A.D.i8*3«	53°	GEO. I1L	4S6i

fuch Prifoner, in the Prefence of the Perfon bv whom fuch Oath fhall be adminiftered, who fhall certify the Subfariptkm thereof re-Ipedively by fuch Prifoner; and fuch Petition, Schedule and Oath,

(ball be filed in the faid Court, which Court (hall thereupon name a Day for hearing the Matter of foch Petition; and a Copy of CopyofPetuioni fuch Petition, Schedule and Oath, fhall be ferved on all and every ll,0ra”d » Perfon or Perfons who fhall be fpecified in fuch Petition as the to^VeryCre. Perfon or Perfons at whofe Suit fuch Prifoner fhall then be de- ^itor. tained in Cuftody, or on his, her or their Attorney or Solicitor, in the Adion or Adions, Suit or Suits, in refped of which fuch Pri-foner fhall be fo detained, together with a Copy of the Order of the Court upon fuch Petition, Twenty Days at the lead before the Day appointed for hearing the Matter of fuch Petition, by delivering iuch Copies refpedively to fuch Perfon or Perfors refpedively, or leaving the lame with the Wife, Clerk or Servant of fuch Perfon or Perfons refpedively, at his, her or their ufual Place of Abode; and Notices in Writing that fuch Petition had been prefented, and fuch Schedule and Oath filed in the faid Court, to* getber with a Copy of the Order on fuchvPetition, fhall be ferved in like manner on all and every the Perfon or Perfons named or <Je* feribed in the faid Schedule as Creditors, or as claiming to be Creditors of the faid Prifoner, and againfl whofe Demands fuch Prifoner fhall feek to be difeharged, or on the Attorney or Solicitor of any Creditor, in any Action or Suit brought againfl fuch Prifoner for the Deoiaud of fuch Creditor; and fuch Service fhall, on the hearing of the Matter of the faid Petition, be proved on Oath to the Satisfaction of the Court.

III.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That if any Perfon (hall wher*i^iibner’ be confined under the Procefs of Two or more Courts, then if any confinfd on Pro-One of the faid Courts fhall be One of His Majefty’s fuperior Courts ce& of Two

in Dublin, fuch Petition fhall be prefented to fuch Court; and if all Courts, Petition fuch Courts, or any Two or more of them, Thall be fuch fuperior Hiall be prefented Courts, then and in fuch cafe fuch Petition fhall be prefented to	*

fuch of the faid fuperior Courts under whofe Procefs fuch Perfon (hall have been firll detained in Cuftody ; and if all the (aid Courts fiiall be inferior Courts, then if fuch Prifoner fhall be fo detained in the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, fuch Petition fhall be prefented to the Court of Common Pleas ; and if in any other Part of Ireland, then fuch Petition fhall alfo be addrefled to the faid Court of Common Plea9, but it fhall be lawful for the faid Court either to proceed on fuch Petition or to give general Autho-	.	z

rity to the Judge or Judges of Affize for the County, County of a City or County of a Town, in which any fuch Prifoner fhall be fo de* tained, from time to time to receive any fuch Petition, and to proceed on any fuch Petition, whether prefented to any fuch Judge or to the faid Court,* as the faid Court fhall think fit; and fuch Judge or Judges fhall tranfmit all Proceedings on any fuch Petition to the faid Court of Common Pleas, who fhall have Power to ad thereupon as to fuch Court fhall feem fit $ and all Proceedings of any fuch Judge -or Judges of Affize under the Authority, afore faid fhall be deemed £&d taken to be, for the Purpofes of this Ad, Proceedings of the faid Court.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That in cafe it if Creditors Bu. ball be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Co*r( to which any merous. Notice

fuch





C. 13?.

S3' GEO. III.



Inferted in Dublin Gazette, and in Two or more Newfpapers, u Court (hall 4ira&

Prifonenin

County Gaols under Procefs of fuperior Courts, brought up to Afifeet under Orders of Court; and dtfcharged by Judge at fuch Affixes, Icc.

Szpaaepshow

paid.

Thne foe hup-

Tpg Pat it ion.

fuck Prifoner (hall apply to be difebarged according to ike DMfat of this A&, that the Creditors of fuch Prifoner, esdufive of thefe St whofe Suit fuch Prifoner (hall be then detained in Cufcody, ire fo numerous, or their Refidence fo remote* that the Ex pence of (erring fuch Creditors with Notice of the Application of fuch Prifoner for his or her Difcharge, would be fo considerable that fuch Prifoner might be unable to procure fjucb Service to be duly nuafe in manner hereinbefore dire&ed, or that for my other Reafon it will be fit is the Judgment of the faid Court to difpenfe with fuch Service with refpeti to all or any of fuch Creditors, it (hall be lawful for the fed Court to order, that Notice of the Petition of fuch Prifoner for his or her Difcharge may, in (lead of being fervrd on fuch Creditors re* (jpe&ively, be iuferted in the Dublin Ga%ctte., and in fuch Two or morn Newfpapers as the faid Court (hall direft, and in fucb Form of Work as the faid Court (hall approve, Twenty Days at the lead before the Day appointed for hearing the Matter of the faid Petition, and that fuch Notice (hall be deemed fufficient Notice to the Creditor* owned or deferibed therein ; or to fubftitute fome other mode of Notice, which in the Judgment of the faid Court may appear reafooable; and upon fuch Notice fo given to the Satisfaction of the faid Court, it (hall be lawful for the (aid Court to proceed on fuch Petition with refped to all fuch Creditors as (hall be named or deferibed in fuch Notice, in the fame manner as the faid Court might have done if funh Creditors refpedively had been a&ually ferved with Notice as hereinbefore dire&ed: Provided always, that where any Prifoner (hall be charged in Execution or under Attachment for not paying Money, or under Mefne Procefs, out of any of His Majefty’s fuperior Court* in Dublin, in any County Gaol or other Gaol or rrifoa except within the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, then upon Petition being made by fuch Prifoner as aforefaid, and on t> Affidavit, of the Purport hereinbefore fet forth being made and left with fuch Petition, fuch Court, on being fatisfied with the Truth of fiicb Affidavit, is hereby authorized and required, on the Applies tion of fuch Prifoner, to make a Rule or Order to caufe fuch Prifoner to be brought to the next Affixes which (hall be bolden for the County, County of a City or County of a Town, where he or fie (hall be imprifoned ; and the Exnence of bringing fuch Prifoner to any fuch Affizes, not exceeding One Shilling a Mde, (hall be paid 19 the Keeper or Gaoler or Officer who (half bring fuch Prifoner to fuch Anizes, in obedience to fuch Rule or Order, out of fuch Prifoner’s Eftate or ESe&g, if the fame (ball be fufficient to pay fuch Expence, and if not, then fuch Expence (hall be paid by toe Tret-furer of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, is which fuch Prifoner (hall be imprifoned, as the tame (hall be & refted or ordered by the Judge before whom fuch Prifoner may be brought; and the Grand Jury of fuch County, Count▼ of a City or County of a Town, is hereby empowered and required to prtftnt the Amount thereof; and a Copy of fuch .Petition, Schedule aod Oatb, and alfo of fuch Rule or Order of the Court thereupon, fhaH be ferved in manner aforefaid on all and every the feveral Perfoot required to be ferved with fuch Petition as afore bud, Twenty Days at the lead before the holding of fuch Affizes 5 and on due Proof briag made of fuch Service thereof, the Judge or Judges of Affixes is and £* hereby required to appoint a time forbearing	Matter offoch

16	fttiooo







A-B.iSi}.	53° GEO. m.	C.i3**

Petition as aforefaid, on fome certain Day and Time dusiag fuck Affixes ; and on fvich Day fo appointed, the Judge or Judges of fuck A Sizes refpedively (hall there in a fummary way examine in manner aforefaid into the Matter of fuch Petition, and hear what can or (hall be alleged on either Side for or againft the Difcharge of the Prifoner fo petitioning; and upon every fuch Examination fuch Judge or Judges of Affizes refpedively, or any One of them, is and are hereby empowered and required refpedively within their refpedive Jurifdi&ione to adminifter or tender to every fuch Prifoner the fame Oath or Oaths aa hereinbefore is or are directed and appointed to be taken by any Prifoner before the Judges of the Court out of which the Procefs, upon which any fuch Prifoner was taken, ilTued; and fuch Judge or Judges of Affizes refpedively, or any One of them, is and are hereby refpedively authorized and required to make fuch Order in the Premifes aa to him or them fhall feem meet, according to the Pro-vifions of this Ad, and to proceed in the fame manner concerning the Proceedings v* Difcharge of any Prifoner or Prifoners jn any Prifon within their fpeding Dif-refpedive Jurifdidions, and to give the "fame Judgment, Relief and Directions relating thereto, in all refpeds as the Courts out of I™0®®1, which any Procefs fhall ifiue againft any fuch Prifoner as aforefaid, is herein empowered and directed to do, or to poftpone, if he or they fhall fee fit Caufe for fo doing, the Hearing of fuch Matter until any fubfequent Day in the fame Affizes, or until the enfuing Affixes; and the Judge or Judges at fuch enfuing Affizes fhall have all and every the fame Powers in refped thereof; and every Order which Order by Judge fhall be made in the Premifes by any fuch Judge or Judges of Affize (hall be as valid and effedual as if the fame had been made in the fuperior Court to which fuch Petition was prefented, and the fame fhall be made a Record of the Proceedings at fuch Affixes, and a Copy thereof fhall from thence be tranfmitted to fuch fuperior Court, (igned by fuch Judge or Judges of Affize, to be a Record of the faid Court, and to be kept as fuch among the Records Recorded, thereof.

V.	Provided always, and be it hereby enaded, That the Sum of Insertion of Ad-Three Shillings and no more fhall be paid to any Printer or Proprietor feniftnlent,» of any Newfpaper for the Infertion of any fuch Advertifement aforefaid ; and all Printers and Proprietors of Newfpapers are hereby required to infert the fame on the Payment of the faid Sum of Three

Shillings for the Infertion thereof; and that no fuch Advertifement

fhall be liable to the Payment of, or be chargeable or charged with Stamp Daty.

the Payment of any Stamp or other Duty wbatfoever.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That in cafe it (hall be Court may pro-made appear to the Satisfadion of the Court to whom any fuch Pri- ceed where No-loner (hall apply to be difeharged according to the Dire&ions of this tice not given in Ad, that any of the Perfons required to be ferved with fuch Pc* Dublin Gasetto, tition. Schedule, Oath, Order or Notice, is or are beyond the Seas,

or cannot be found, fo as to be ferved with fuck Petition, Schedule,

Oath and Order, as required by this Ad, and the {aid Court fhall not think fit to order Notice to fuch Perfons to be ieferted in the Dublin Gazette and fuch Newfpapers as aforefaid, or to fubftitute aay other mode of Notice* it (ball be lawful for the faid Court to proceed upon the faid Petition notwhhftanding fuch Defed in the Service thereof; but in fuch cafe fuch Prifoner fhall not be in any manner difeharged frost the Demands of tho Pcrfoo or Perfoo* who fhall not

be



(•4	C.I3#*

53° GEO. lit.	A.D.i8i3.

Previous Refi-dence out of Ireland.

Hearing of

Petitions deferred :n cafe of Deled of Service.

On hearing Petition, Creditors may oppofe it.

be fo ferved, Sr with refpeft to whom fuch Notice (hall not be given in the Dublin Gaxette and fuch Newfpapers as aforefaid, or in fuch other fubftituted mode of Notice as (hall be approved of by the faid Court, unlefs fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall appear before the laid Court and oppofe the Difcharge of fuch Prifone**, or confent to the Proceeding of the Court, notwithftanding any fuch Defdfl of Service.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if any Prifoner feeking the Benefit of this A6t (hall within Two Years before he or (he (hall feek the Benefit of this Ad, have refided in any Place or Places out of Ireland, and (hall during fuch Refidence have contra&ed in fuch Place or Places any Debt from which he or (he (hall feek to be difcharged by virtue of this Ad, fuch Prifoner (hall not be difcharged under the Authority of this Ad from any fuch Debt, without the Confcnt of the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Debt (hall be due, unlefs fuch Prifoner (hall at the time of fuch Application be in adual Cuflody for fuch Debt, or (hall be adually fued in fome Court of Law.or Equity in Ireland for the fame ; in either of which cafes Notice of the Application for the Difcharge of fuch Prifoner (hall be given to the Creditor or Creditors fo detaining in Cuftody or fuing fuch Prifoner, or to the Attorney or Solicitor adually employed at the time of fuch Application in the Adion or Suit then depending for fuch Debt or Debts, if the Court to which Application (hall be made for the Difcharge of fuch Prifoner (hall think fit to allow of Service on fuch Attorney or Solicitor, inftead of perfonal Service on fuch Creditor or Creditors.

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That in cafe of any Defed in the Service of fuch Petition, Schedule, Oath or Order, it (hall be lawful for fuch Court from time to time to allow further time for fuch Purpofe, and to make an Order or Orders for adjourning the Hearing of the Matter of the faid Petition, in the Whole, or with re-fped to any particular Perfon or Perfons, to give Opportunity for fuch Service ; and in cafe the faid Petition, Schedule, Oath and original Order, together with fuch further Order or Orders, (hall be duly ferved according to the Provifions of this Ad, on the Perfon or Perfons not before duly ferved, Twenty Days before theDayap-

S>inted for hearing the Matter of the faid Petition on any fuch further rder, it (hall be lawful for the faid Court to proceed on fuch Service, *8 the faid Court might have done if the faid Petition, Schedule, Oath and original Order, had been duly ferved according to the Provifioni before contained in this Ad.

IX.	And be it further enaded. That upon the Day appointed by any Court for hearing the Matter of the faid Petition, or upon fuch fubfequent Day as fuch Court (hall appoint for fuch Purpofe, fuch Court refpedively (hall caufe fuch Prifoner to be brought before the faid Court, to be examined touching the Truth of the Matter contained in the faid Petition and Schedule ; and any of the Creditors of fuch Prifoner, and any of the Perfons named or deferibed in fuch Schedule, as claiming to be Creditors of any fuch Prifoner, and ant Perfon or Perfons not named or deferibed in luch Schedule, who (hall claim to be a Creditor or Creditors of fuch Prifoner (hall be at Liberty to oppofe fuch Petition, and for that Purpofe to put fuch Queftions to fuch Prifoner as the faid Court (hall think fit, touching the Matters contained in fuch Petition and Schedule, and touchiog fuck other Matters as the find Court (hall be of Opinion it may be

fit

 booQle

A.D.i8i3*	$3°	GEO.	HI.	0138.	605

fit and proper that fuch Queftions (hould be put for the due Exe*

cution of this Aft; and fuch Prifoner (hall anfwer all fuch Queftion*

upon Oath ; and in cafe fuch Prifoner (hall not aufwer all fuch

Queftions to the Satisfaction of the faid Court, or in cafe it (hall be

made appear to the Satisfa&ion of the faid Court, from fuch Anfwers

as (hall be given by fuch Prifoner, or by Evidence, that fuch Prifoner

is not entitled to the Benefit of this Ad, then and in fuch cafe fuch

Court (hall fo declare, and (hall remand fuch Prifoner to Cuftody z

Provided always, that in cafe fuch Court (hall entertain any Doubt Court,if not

touching any Matter alleged againft fuch Prifoner to prevent his or	may	re-

her Difcharge, or touching the Examination of fuch Prifoner, it (hall m*n n <meu

be lawful for fuch Court to remand fuch Prifoner to Cuftody, and

afterwards to caufe fuch Prifoner to be again brought up for Exa-

mination as often as to fuch Court (hall feem fit.

X.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons Perfons claim-claiming to be a Creditor or Creditors of any Prifoner, (hall oppofe ing to be Credi-the Petition of fuch Prifoner for his or her Difcharge, fuch Perfon tors not duly or Perfons, although not duly ferved with fuch Petition, Schedule, fcryfdwith Oath or Order as aforefaid, (hall be confidered as having had due tj^ed^Schs* Notice thereof; and the Name or Names of fuch Perfon or Perfons <juie.

fhall be added to the faid Schedule by the faid Court, either as a Creditor or Creditors, or as claiming to he a Creditor or Creditors of fuch Prifoner.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe the Court to whom Court may ad-any prifoner (hall apply to be difcharged, according to the Direftion judge Releafe of of this Aft, (hall be of Opinion that fuch Prifoner is entitled to the Prifoners enti-Benefit of this Aft, then and in fuch cafe the faid Court (hall fo order tied to Benefit of and adjudge, and (hall in fuch Order fpecify the feveral Creditors and

Perfons claiming to be Creditors of fuch Prifoner, who (hall appear to hare been duly ferved with Notice of fuch Proceedings, as required by this Aft, or with refpeft to whom Notice (hall appear to have been given in the Dublin Gazette and other Newfpapers as aforefaid, or in fuch other manner as (hall have been direfted as aforefaid, or who (hall have appeared before the faid Court, and oppofed the Difcharge of fuch Prifoner, or confented to the Proceeding of the Court with refpeft to their Demands, notwithftanding any Defeft of Service of fuch Notice; and the faid Court (hall in fuch Order alfo fpecify the feveral Perfons againft whofe Demands fuch Prifoner (hall be deemed by fuch Court entitled to be difcharged by virtue of this Aft ; and fuch Court (hall appoint a proper Perfon or proper Perfons Affignees *p-to be Affignee or Afiignees of the Eftate and Effefts of fuch Prifoner, pointed, and En-for the Purpofes of this Aft, and (hall order proper Conveyances and gagements enter- , Affignrnents of fuch Eftate and Effefts to be made by fuch Prifoner,	Deb^

according to this Aft, together with an Engagement to be executed not by fuch Prifoner to pay fo much of the juft Debts and Demands of the feveral Perfons againft whom fuch Prifoner (hall by fuch Court be adjudged entitled to the Benefit of this Aft, as (hail not be paid out of the Eftate and Effefts to be conveyed and alfigned by fuch Prifoner for fuch Purpofe, in cafe he or (he (hall at any time thereafter be enabled to pay fuch Debts and Demands, and to pay fuch Part or Parts thereof as he. or (he (hall be able at any time to pay 5 and (ball alfo order all Books, Papers and Writings in the Cuftodv or Books, &c. to be Power of fuch Prifoner, .relating to the Eftate and Effefts of luch delivered up. Prifoner, and the Demands of his or her Creditors, to be delivered

on



6aS	C.13I.	53°GEO.UI.	A.D.1S13.

on Oath to fuch AiBgnee or Affignees, or otberwife to he difpofed PiUbaarthento of as fuch Court Ihall aired; and upon the due Execution of all fuch fcut Judgment Conveyances, Alignments and Engagements as aforefrid, and Deh-entered againft	B°°ks*	Papers	and	Writings	as	aforefaid,	as fuch Coart

kit future EfUte. (hall dired, fuch Court (hall order fuch Prifoner to be difeharged from Cuftody ; and Judgment (hall thereupon be entered againft fuch Prifoner in purfuance of fuch Engagements as aforefaid, in fucb Court, if the fame be One of His Majefly’s fuperior Courts of Law in Dublin, and if not, then in any of fuch His Majefty’s fuperior Courts ; which Judgment (hall and may, if the faid Court (hall fo order, be executed againft the future Eftate and Effeds of fuch Priiotier, Real and Personal, a6 the faid Court (hall dired, and (hall bind the Aflets of fuch Prifoner, Real and Perfonal, in the Hands of his Heirs, Executors and Adminiftrators, for the full Amount of the Debts and Demands afbrr-faid which (hall remain unfatisfied, or fo much of fuch Debts and Demands as the faid Court (hall be of Opinion ought to be Satisfied ; and Execution (hall be had upon fuch Judgment, in fuch and the fame manner as Execution may be had upon a Judgment of the Court of King’s Bench, nevertheless according to the Orders of the laid Court, and in Conformity to the Provifions in this Ad contained.

XII.	And whereas Prifoners discharged by virtue of this Ad may be entitled to Annuities for their own Lives, or other uncertain h>-terefts, or to reveriionary or contingent Interefts, or to Property under fuch circumftances, that the immediate Sale thereof for Payment of their Debts may be very prejudicial to them, and deprive them of the means of Subfiftence which they might otberwife have after Payment of their Debts ^ and it may be proper in fome cafes to authorize the nrifing of Money by way of Mortgage for Payment of the Debts, or Part of the Debts of a Prifoner difeharged by virtue of this Ad, and defraying Expences attending the Execution of this Ad, in (lewd of Selling the Property of fuch Prifoner for fuch Sale of Annuities Purpofes; Be it enaded, That in aH fuen cafes, it (hall be lawful W,SntiT-Court by whom any fuch Prifoner (hall be difeharged, to cake by Court. ** *nt0 "Confidention all circumftances affeding the Property of any fuch Prifoner, either at the time of the Difcharge of fuch Prifoner, or at any fubiequent time ; and if it (hall appear to the faid Court, that it would be reafonsble to make any Special Order touching the fame, it (hall be lawful for the faid Court fo to do, and to dired that fuch Property as it may be expedient not to fell, or not to fell immediately, according to the Prowifions of this Ad, ihall not be fo fold, and from time to time to order and dired in what manner foch Property (hall be managed for the Benefit of the Creditors of fuch Prifoner, until the fame can be properly fold, or until Payment of all fuch Creditors according to the Provifions of this Ad, and to make fuch Order touching the Sale or Difpofition of fuch Property as to the faid Court (hall feem reafonable, confideriog the Rights of the Creditors of fuch Prifoner to Payment of their Demands, and the future Benefit of fuch Prifoner after Payment of his or her Debts, and upon fuch Terms and Conditions with refped to the Allowance of Intereft on Debts not bearing Intereft, or other circumftances, as to the faid Court (hall ieem juft; and if k (hall appear'to the bud Court that the Debts of fuch Prifoner can be discharged by means of Money ratfed by way of Mortgage on any 'Property of thick Pri-footr, bribed of veiling the fame by (Sale, it’(ball he lawful for she

(aid

 v^.ooQle

A.D.i8*3«

$3° GEO. HI.

C.13S.	(fe)

(kid Co«irt fo to order, and to give ail neccfihry Dire&iotis for fuck Porpofe, and generally to dire& all things which may be proper for the Difcharge of the Debts of fuch Prifoner in fuch manner as may be mod confident with the Interefts of fuch Prifoner, in any Surplus t>f hie or her Effe&s after Payment of fuch Debts.

XlIL Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That in cafe Court meyon •My Creditor againft whom any Prifoner (hall have obtained his or Complaint of her Difcharge by virtue of this A&, (hall within One Year after the Creditor, wimm Date of the Order for fuch Difcharge, apply to the Court by which DiTchai^eof fuch Order was made, to avoid fuch Difcharge as improperly obtained, Prifoner,onbdaf sind upon fuch Application it (hall appear to the Satisfa&ion of the fatiafied that he Court that fuch Prifoner has a&ed in any manner fraudulently in ob- obtainedhbDtT* taining fuch Difcharge, or has wilfully concealed any of his or her 5®**?*

Eflate or Effects by not fpecifying or not properly fpecifying the ** fame in fuch Schedule as aforefaid, for the Purpofe of depriving the Creditors againft whom he (hall have obtained fuch Difcharge of the Benefit thereof, it (hall be lawful for fuch Court to declare the Difcharge fo obtained by fuch Prifoner null and void ; and it (hall thereupon be lawful for any Creditor or Creditors of fuch Prifoner againft Whom fuch Difcharge (hall have been obtained, to proceed againft fuch Prifoner as if fuch Difcharge had not been obtained, fuch Creditor or Creditors relinquifhing all Benefit of the Affignment of the Eftate or EfiFe&s of fuch Prifoner which (hall remain unapplied by the Aflignee or Affignee* appointed under this A& ; and amy of fuch Creditors who (hall have detained fuch Prifoner in Custody at the time of fuch Difcharge (hall be at Liberty to apply to fiiCh Court to remand fuch Prifoner again into Cuftody on the feme Proceft from which he or (he had been fo difeharged; and fuck Court (ball have Power to make an Order that fuch Prifoner (hall be Yetnanded accordingly, and fuch Order (hall be fufficient Authority for the Arreft and Detention of fuch Prifoner, upon the Procefs from Which fuch Prifoner was before difeharged; and fo much (if any) of the Eftate or Effo&s of fuch Prifoner as (hall then remain in the Hands of the Affignee or Affignees thereof, after paying aU the juft Charges and Expences of fuch Affignee or Affignees to be allowed by the faid Court, (hall be re-conveyed or re-affigned or paid to fuch Trifoner as the (hid Court (hall dived; but fo much of iiich Eftate* find Effe&s as (hall hate been before applied in Payment Of the Debts of fuch Prifoner, (hall be retained by the Cveditors who (haft have received the fame in Part of their refpective Demands, excepting only the Creditor or Creditors who (hall apply to the Court to avoid fuch Difcharge, who (hall repay the Dividend or Dividends received by him, her or them refpe&ively, to the Affignee or Affignees of the Eftate and EfFe&s of filch Prifoner, before fuch Order, declaring foch Difcharge null and void, and (hall be delivered out by the fold Court.

XIV.	And be it further ena&cd. That in cafe *ny Prifoner Whenitihill who (hall have been difeharged by virtue of this Afhall become ■Shie to pay all or any Part of the Debts due from him or her, and ^ juv# ob-againft which he or (he (hall have obtained fuch Difcharge, after u\ntd Difcharge a reafonable Allowance for the Maintenance of foch Debtor, and that be b able te bis or her Family, and Payment of his or her Debts, coatra&ed psy, Court (ball after fuch Difcharge, or to which fuch Difcharge did not extend, revoke fuch Wfr it (kfcttandmay be hrwfal for any Creditor or Creditor* againft whom c*iXl*

he

C.138.	$3“	GEO. III.	A.D.	181

he or (he (hall hive obtained fuch Di(charge, to Apply to the Court, by whom fuch Difcharge was ordered, for Liberty to proceed againft fuch Debtor, notwithdanding fuch Difcharge ; and in cafe it fhall appear to the Satisfaction of fuch Court, that fuch Debtor is of Ability to pay fuch Demand, or any Part thereof, it fhall be lawful for fuch Court to revoke fuch Difcharge either wholly or opou Payment of fuch Sum or Sums of Money for the Benefit of the Perfons againft whom fuch Difcharge (hall have been obtained, either in grofs, or by feveral Payments, as to fuch Court fhall appear reaionable, or it fhall be lawful for the Court wherein Judgment fhall have been entered as aforefaid, on Application to fuch Court, to permit Execution to be taken out in fuch cafe on the Judgment entered up in fuch Court upon the Engagement of fuch Prifoner, for fuch Sum of Money as the faid Court fhall think fit, to be didributed rate-ably among the Creditors entitled under fuch Engagement, and fuch Proceedings fhall and may be had according to the Difcretion of the faid Court or Courts refpe&ively from time to time, until the whole of the Debts due to the feveral Perfons againfl whom fuch Difcharge fhall have been obtained, fhall be fully paid and fatisfied, together with fuch Cods as fuch Court or Courts refpec-tively fhall think fit to award: Provided always, that in cafe any fuch Application fhall appear to be ill founded and vexatious, it fhall be lawful for the Court to whom thj fame fhall be made, not only to refufe to make any Order on fuch Application, but alfo to difmifs the fame, with fuch Cods as to fuch Court fhall appear reafonable.

Allowance for XV. And be it further ena&ed, That all and every Perfon who Dtfcovery of ^ “ fhall, at any time after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months from x?er S,X £*ate t^e Appointment of any Aflignee or Afiignees of the Appointment of Edate and Effedb of any Prifoner under the Authority of this Affipeei. A&, voluntarily come and make Difcovery of any Part of fuch Pri-foner’s Eftate not fpecified in the faid Schedule, and not before come to the Knowledge of the Aflignee or Aflignees of fuch Pri-foner’s Edate, either to the faid Affignee or Aflignees or to the Court, by which fuch Prifoner fhall have been difeharged, fhall be allowed Five Pounds per Centum and fuch further and other Reward as the faid Affignee or Aflignees, or the major Part in Value of the Creditors of fuch Prifoner prefent at any Meeting of the (aid Creditors, fhall think fit, to be paid out of the net Proceeds of fuch Prifoneris Edate which fhall be recovered on fuch Difcovery* which fhall be paid to the Perfon or Perfons fo difeovering the fame by the faid Aflignee or Aflignees, who fhall be allowed the fame in his, her or their Accounts.

Difdofure of XVI. And be it further ena&ed. That all and every Perfon and SS1>r'^on" Perfons who hath or have accepted or fhall accept any Trull or * Trufls, or fhall be poflefled of and wilfully conceal or protect any *** Edate Real or Pertonal, of any Prifoner who fhall be difeharged under the Authority of this A&, and knowing fuch Difcharge, fhall not, within the Space of Six Calendar Months after fuch Discharge, difclofe fuch Trud and Edate in Writing, either to the Affignee or Aflignees of fuch Prisoner's Edate, or to the Court by which fuch Prifoner fhall have been difeharged, and fubmit Jumfelf, herfelf and themfelves to be examined touching the fame on Oath before fuch Court if thereunto required, and truly difeover and difclofe th* 10	Tarat

 CjOOQle

A.D.i8i3*	53° GEO. III.	C.138.

fame and. all Particulars thereof, fhall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds Britijb Currency and Double the Value of the 2£ftate whether Real or Perfonal fo concealed, to and for the Ufe of the Creditors of fuch Prifor.er, to be recovered by Adfion of Debt in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Dublin, in the Name of the Aflignec or Aflignees of fuch Prifoner, or of any One of his, her or their Creditors who (hall firft fue foe the fame, with full Cofts of Suit.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Prifoner who lhall have been difeharged by virtue of this A6t, (hall die leaving Aflets Real or Perfonal, after Payment of all his or her Debts, exclufive of the Debts from which luch Prifoner (hall have obtained fuch Difcharge, it lhall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fo much of fuch Debt or Debts, from which fuch Difcharge lhall have been obtained as {hall remain unpaid, to apply to the Court wherein fuch Judgment lhall have been entered as aforefaid, for Liberty to proceed thereon in order to obtain Payment of fo much of fuch Debt or Debts as lhall then remain due as aforefaid, and fuch Court fhall make fuch Order thereupon as lhall be juft 5 and the Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators of fuch deceafed Prifoner fhall apply the AITets in his, her or their Hands according to fuch Order, but without Prejudice to the Demand of any other Creditor or Creditors of fuch deceafed Prifoner, all of which fhall be firft paid or fatisfied: Provided always, that in cafe it fhall at any time be made appear to fuch Court, that the Eftate or Effects of fuch Prifoner, conveyed or afligned under the Authority of this A£l, would have been fufficient, if carefully and properly managed, to have fatisfied all the Debts from which fuch Prifoner had been difeharged, or to have fatisfied a larger Proportion of fuch Debts than lhall have a&ually been paid therewith, then and in any fuch cafe fuch Court (hail not authorize any further Proceedings again ft fuch Prifoner, or his or her Aflets, except for fo much of the Debts of fuch Prifoner as could not have been fatisfied out of the Eftate . and Effe&s fo conveyed and afligned in cafe the fame had been carefully and properly managed and rendered productive for the Difcharge of luch Debts: Provided alfo, that in no cafe Interell fhall be recovered on fuch Judgment on any fuch Debts until the faid Court fhall order the fame, which lhall be wholly in the Difcretion of the faid Court as hereinafter provided.

XVIII.	And be it further enaCted, That all the Eftate, Right, Title, Intereft and Truft of every Prifoner who fhall be difeharged by virtue of this A6t, of, in and to all the Real Eftate, and of, in and to all the Perfonal Eftate, Debts and EffeCts of every fuch Prifoner, lhall immediately from and after the Order of fuch Court as aforefaid for the Difcharge of fuch Prifoner, be and the fame are hereby veiled in the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame fhall, by the Order of the (aid Court, be dire&ed to be conveyed and afligned as aforefaid, in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall confent to accept the fame; and the Conveyance and Affignment which fhall be made in purfuance of fuch Order fhall be without Stamps, and fhall, together with this A&, be good and effe&ual in Law, to all Intents and Purpofes what-foever, to veil the Eftate and Effe&s therein comprifed in the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame fhall, by Order of fuch Court, be directed ,to be conveyed and afligned as aforefaid, his, her or their Heirs,

53 Gio. III.	R	r	Executors,

<609

Penalty.

On Prifoner dying leaving Alfets fufficient, Creditors may apply to C ourt to proceed on his Knstapement to pay Debts not futi*fied.

Provifo for Intereft.

Eftate of Prifcn-ers vetted in Pcr-I'ons to whom fame, by Order of Court (h ill be directed to be conveyed in Truft for Benefit of Creditors.



6.o	C.138.	53&GEO.HL	AJD.1813.

Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns, according to the Eftate and Intereft which the Prifoner had therein, and every fuch Conveyance and Alignment (hall be in Truft for the benefit of the Creditor or Creditors of every fuch Prifoner againft whom fuch Prifoner (hall have obtained his or her Difcharge by virtue of this A&, in refped of and in Proportion to the Debts juftly due to them refpe&ively; and every Perfon and Perfons to whom any fuch Affignment and Conveyance as aforefaid (hall be made, is and are hereby empowered to fuc from time to time, as there may be Occafion, in his, her or their own Name or Names, for the Recovery and obtaining Pof. feflion of any Eftate or Effe&s of any fuch Prifoner, and alfo to execute any Power veiled in or created for the Ufe and Benefit of any fuch Prifoner, and to give fuch Difcharge and Difcharge* to any Perfon or Perfons who (hall refpc&ively be indebted to fuch Frevlfo.	Prifoner,	as	may be requifite : Provided always, that nothing herein

contained (hall extend to prejudice or affe& any Eftate, Intereft or Right whatfoever, of any Perfon or Perfons, other than fuch Prifoner, expectant upon or fubie& to any Eftate or Intereft bf fuch Prifoner fo veiled in fuch Affignee or Aflignees as aforefaid, but that the Eftate, Intereft and Right whatfoever of every other Perfon and Perfons (hall continue and remain and be fecured to him, her or them refpe&ively, in the fame manner as if this Ad had not been made.

Afllrnees to jet XIX. And be it further ena&ed. That every fuch Affignee iu Eftate and Ef- Cr Aflignees as aforefaid (hall, with all convenient Speed, after his, and ke D^vi*^er or ^eir accePt*nff fach Affignment or Conveyance, ufe his, dend^o Credi!* her or their heft Endeavours to receive and get in the Eftate and tors at the End Effedls of every fuch Prifoner, and (hall, with all convenient Speed, of Two	make Sale of all the Eftate and Effe&s of fuch Prifoner veiled in fuch

Months,fce. Affignee or Aflignees; and if fuch Prifoner lhall be interefted in or entitled to any Real Eftate, either in Pofleflion, Reverlion o» Expe&ancy, the fame, within the Space of Two Months after fuch Affignment and Conveyance, fhall be fold by Public Au&ion, in fnch manner, and at fuch rlace or Places, as the major Part of the Cre-ditors of fuch Prifoner entitled to the Benefit thereof (who lbtfl aflemble together on any Notice tn Writing publilbed in the Dublin Gazette, and in fome daily Paper printed and publilhedin Dublin, if the Prifoner, before his or her going to Prilon, refided Notice in Dublin in Dublin, and if fuch Prifoner refided elfewhere, then in the Dublin Gaxettt.	Ga%ettey	and	alfo in fome printed Newfpaper which (hall be publilbed

and generally circulated in or near the County, City, Town or Place in which fuch Prifoner refided before he or Ihe was committed to Prifon, Thirty Days before any fuch Sale lhall be made), (hall, under his, her or their Hand or Hand?, approve; and every fuch Affignee or Aflignees, at the End of Three Months at the fartbeft from the time of his, her or their accepting any fuch Affignment or Conveyance as aforefaid, and fo from time to time as Occafion (hall require, (hall make a fair and juft Dividend of all fuch Piifouer,s Eftate and Effe6ls which (hall have been then recovered amongft fuch Creditors of fuch Prifoner, from whofe Demand fuch Prifouer (hall have obtained a Difcharge as before mentioned, in Proportion Account by Af. to the juft Debts due to them refpe&ively; but before any fuch (Ignee before Dividends (hall be made, fuch Aflignec or Aflignees (hall make Dividends made. Up an Account of fuch Prifoncr’s Eftate, and make Oath in Writing

before

 v^ooqLc

A.D.i8i3»	53GEO.IIL	C.138.	611.

before One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace within whofe Jurifdidtion fuch Affignee or Affignees (hall refide, that fuch Account contains a fair and juft Account of the Eftate and Effects of every luch Prifoner got in by or for fuch Affignee or Affignees, and of all Payments made in refpedf thereof, and that all Payments in every fuch Account charged were truly and bona Jide made and paid, which Account fo fworn (hall be filed with the proper Officer of the faid Court, and Notice of the making of every luch Dividend (hall be publifhed in like manner as a Meeting of Creditors is hereinbefore dire&ed to be publilhed, Thirty Days at leaft before fuch Dividend (hall be made 5 and no Creditor (hall be allowed to receive any Share of fuch Dividend until he (hall have made due Proof of his or her Debt, by Oath, before fome fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace; and if fuch Objection to Prifoner, or his or her Affignee or Afiignees, or any Creditor of fuch c*a',nJ Prifoner, (hall objedt to any Debt fo claimed, the fame (hall be Coult* examined into by the Court, by whom fuch Prifoner (hall have been fo difeharged, who (hall have full Power for that Purpofe, to require and compel the Production of all Books, Papers and Writings which majr be neceffary to be produced, as well by the Perfon or Perfons claiming fuch Debt, as by the Prifoner again ft whom the fame (hall be claimed, or his or her Affignee or Affignees, and to examine all fuch Perfons and the Witneffes on Oath, as the nature of the cafe may require, and to take all other Meafures neceffary for the due Iuveftigation of fuch Claim ; and the Decifion of the faid Court upon fuch Claim (hall be conclufive with refpeCt to any Dividend of the F.ffedts of fuch Prifoner under the Provifions of this Adt.

XX. And be it further enabled, That in cafe the Prifoner fo Court to compel difeharged, or any of his or her Creditors, againft whom he or (he Affignee* to give (hall have obtained fuch Difcharge, (hall be diffatisfied with the latufadory Account of any Affignee or Affignees, rendered upon Oath as aforefaid, or in cafe any fuch Affignee or Affignees (hall negledt to render fuch Account, or (hall neglect to difpofe of the Property or collect the Effects of fuch Prifoner, or (hall in any manner wafte or mifmanage the Eftate or Effects of fuch Prifoner, or negledt to make a due Diftribution thereof, it (hall be lawful for fuch Court, by whom fuch Affignee was appointed, upon the Application of luch Prifoner, or of any fuch Creditor as aforefaid, to require fuch Affignee or Affignees to render fuch Account on Oath as diredled by this Adt, if not before rendered, and to’ examine any Account fo rendered, and to enquire into any Wafte, Mifmanagentent or Negledt of the Eftate or Effe£ts of fuch Prifoner, and to diredt a proper Adminiftration thereof, and afeertain the Produce of fuch Eftate and Effects to be divided amongft the Creditors of fuch Prifoner, and to diredt the Diftribution thereof accordingly, and to require and compel, the Production of all Books, Papers and Writings neceffary for fuch Purpofes, and to examine all Parties and their Witneffes on Oath, as the cafe may require, and to take all fuch Meafures as (hall be neceffary for the compelling the rendering x>f fuch Account and the due Iuveftigation thereof, and the proper * Difpofition and Diftribution of the Efiedts of fuch Prifoner according to this Adt, and to award Cofts againft any of the Parties, as Juftice Cod*.

(hall require; and the Decifions of the faid Court upon all fuch Matters (hall be final and conclufive.

R r 2	XXI.	And



612

Creditors for Annuities, &c. •ntitled to Dividends as if Prifoner had be-come Bankrupt, 8c c.

Intereft on Debts of Prifoner to ceafe, unlefs Eflfeds fufficient to bear it.

Affigneeinot to commence Suit without Coofent of Creditors.

Officer of Court to produce its Proceedings ' when required.

C.T38.	53°	GEO. III.	A.D.1813-

XXI.	And be It further enacted, That all and every Creditor and Creditors of any Prifoner who (hall be difeharged by virtue of this A6t for any Sum or Sums of Money payable by way of Annuity or otherwife, at any future time or times, by virtue of any Bona, Covenant or other Security of any Nature whatfoever, (hall be entitled to be admitted a Creditor or Creditors, and to receive a Dividend or Dividends of the Eftate of fuch Prifoner, in fuch manner, and upon fuch Terms and Conditions as fuch Creditor or Creditors would have been entitled unto fuch Dividends by the Laws now in force, if fuch Prifoner had become Bankrupt, and without Prejudice in future to their refpedlive Securities, otherwife than as the fame would have been affedted by Proof made in refpedl thereof by the Creditor under a Commiffion of Bankrupt, and a Certificate obtained by the Bankrupt under fuch Commiffion, but fubjedl neverthelefs to the Terms of the Engagement of fuch Prifoner for future Payment of his or her Debts, in cafe fuch Prifoner (hould become able to pay the fame as hereinbefore diredled.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That from the

Date of any fuch Order of Difcharge as aforefaid, all Intereft on any Debt bearing Intereft of the Prifoner fo difeharged, (hall ceafe, and not be computed in the Amount of fuch Debt in the Diftribution of the Eftate and Effedts of fuch Prifoner under the Authority of this Adi 5 but if it (hall appear to the Satisfadlion of the Court by which fuch Prifoner was difeharged, that fuch Ellate and Effedts of fuch Prifoner, are not only fufficient for Payment of the Principal of a}l the Debts of fuch Prifoner payable thereout under the Authority of this Adi, together with all other Debts of fuch Prifoner, and to afford fuch Prifoner competent means of future Subfiftence, but are fo confiderable as to render it fit that Intereft (hould be allowed on Debts of fuch Prifoner bearing Intereft from any Period after the Date of fuch Order of Difcharge, it (hall be lawful for the faid Court to order fuch Intereft to be paid accordingly, and to fix the time from which fuch Intereft (hall be computed, having regard always to the unprodudlive State of the Effedts of fuch Prifoner during the Adminiftration thereof, under the Authority of this Adi 5 and if it can be (hewn to the Satisfadlion pf the Court in which fuch Judgment (hall be entered as aforefaid, that the fubfequently acquired Property of fuch Perfon fo difeharged is fo confiderable as aforefaid, then fuch Court (hall and may, in its Difcretion, diredl the Payment of Intereft in like manner.	#

XXIII.	And be it further enadled, That no Suit in Law or Equity (hall be commenced by any Affignee or Affignees of any fuch Pn-(oner’s Eftate and Effedls, without the Content of the major Part in Value of the Creditors of fuch Prifoner, who (hall meet together purfuant to a Notice for that Purpofe, to be given at leaft Tea Days before fuch Meeting, in the Dublin Gazette, or other Newf-paper, as hereinbefore required, previous to the Sale of any Eftate of fuch Prifoner.

XXIV.	And be it further enadled, That the proper Officer of the , Courts aforefaid refpedtively (hall, on the reasonable Requeft of fuch Prifoner, or of any Creditor or Creditors of fuch Prifoner, or his, lier or their Attorney, produce and (hew to fuch Prifoner, Creditor or Creditors, or his, her or their Attorney, at fuch times as the laid Court (hall diredl, fuch Petition, Schedule, Oath, Older and

Judg





A.D.1813.	530 GEO. III.	0.138.	^13

Judgment, and all other Orders and Proceedings made and had in Rich Matter; and that a true Copy of every fuch Petition, Schedule, Copy,Evidence. Oath, Order, Judgment and Proceedings, 6gned by the Officer in whofe Cuftody the fame refpedkively (hall be, or his Deputy, certifying the fame to be a true Copy of fuch Petition, Schedule, Order,

Judgment or other Proceedings, as the cafe may be, without being written on damped Paper, (hall at all times be admitted in all Courts whatever, as legal Evidence of the fame refpedtively.

XXV. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Provifofcr this Adk (hall extend or be conftrued to prevent any Mortgage, Mortgage*, ke. Charge or Lien, upon the Eftate of fuch Prifoner, or any Part p^ifoner* ° ihereof, made prior to the Difcharge of fuch Prifoner by virtue of tiiis Adk, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Perfonal Eftate and EfFe&s comprifed in or charged or affedted by fuch Mortgage, Charge or Lien refpedkively, nor to prevent any Statute Staple, Statute Merchant, Recognizance or Judgment acknowledged by or obtained againft any fuch Prifoner, prior to fuch Difcharge, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements C>r Real Eftates of fuch Prifoner, and alfo where any Inquifition fhall have been taken upon any Statute or Recognizance, or any Writ of Execution (hall have been taken out and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer upon any fuch Judgment, before fuch Prifoner (hall have obtained his or her Difcharge as aforefaid, the Perfonal Eftate of fuch Prifoner (hall be fubject thereto, for fo much as (hall remain due upon fuch Statute, Recognizance or Judgment refpeCtively, in like manner as the fame would have been refpec-tively, if this Adi had not been made; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwith(landing 5 unlefs in any of the f^id cafes the Creditor or Creditors having fuch Mortgage, Charge,

Lien, Statute Staple, Statute Merchant, Recognizance, Judgment or Execution, (hall eledt and take and receive any Dividend under this Election.

A& in refpedk of fuch Debt, and (hall caufe fuch Eledtion to f)e entered on the Files of the Court difeharging fuch Prifoner: Pro- Provifo. vided always, that no fuch Perfon who (hall not have fo made apd entered fuch Eledtion (hall be entitled to receive any Dividend under this Adk in refpedk of any Debt fo fecured.

* XXVI. And whereas a Prifoner who may be entitled to and

*	claim the Benefit of this Adk, may be feifed and poflefled of or

*	entitled to Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to hold to fuch

*	Prifoner for the Term of his or her Life, or other limited Eftate,

*	with Power of granting Leafes, or may have Powers over Real or

*	Perfonal Eftate, which fuch Prifoner could execute for his or Her 1 own Advantage, and which faid Powers ought to be executed for g the Benefit of the Creditors of fuch Prifoner Be it therefore

enadted. That in every fuch cafe all and every the Powers of Leafing, P«wer ofleafint and all fuch other Powers as aforefaid, over Real or Perfonal Eftate, prif0annei^vefa2 which are or (hall be vetted in any fuch Prifoner or Prifone.rs as afore- jn Atfienees for faid, (hall be and are hereby veiled in the Affignee or Aflignees of the Benefit of Cre-Real and Perfonal Eftate of fuch Prifoner by virtue of this Adk, to ditors. be by fuch Affignee or Affignees executed and fold and conveyed for the Benefit of au and every the Creditor or Creditors of fuch Prifoner as aforefaid.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That nothing prov,^°J?J in this A£t contained (hall extend to entitle the Affignee or Affignees Pa* 0	^

R r 3	of

 (^.ooQle

614

C. 138.

53" GEO. IK.

A.D.i8t3.

und Income of Benefice, not nfFe&ed; Af-fignee* may obtain Sequeftra- . lion of Profit* of Benefice, &c.

Provifo.

Perjury.

Piiloner <lif-charged not arrcfled for fame Debt.

of the Eftate and Effeds of any Prifoner being an Officer of the Army or Navy, or beneficed Clergyman or Curate, to the Pay of fuch Officer, or the *Incoihe of any Benefice or Curacy, for the Purpofes of this Ad: Provided always, neverthelefs, that it (hall be lawful for fuch Affignee or Affignees to apply for and obtain a Sequeftration of the Profits of any luch Benefice, for the Payment of the Debts of any fuch Clergyman, againit which fuch Clergyman (hall have obtained a Difcharge by virtue of this Ad; and the Order for fuch Difcharge (hall be a fufficient Warrant for the granting of fuch Sequeftration, without any Writ or other Proceeding to authorize the fame; and fuch Sequeftration (hall accordingly be iflued as the fame might have been iflued upon any Writ of Levari Facias founded upon any Judgment againft fuch Clergyman : Provided alfo, that it (hall be lawful for the Court ordering the Difcharge of any fuch Prifoner, to order fuch Portion of the Pay or Half Pay of any fuch Officer of the Army or Navy, as, on Communication from the faid Court to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or in bis Abfence to the Under Secretary of the Military Department, or to the Lords Commiffioners of the Admiralty or their Secretaiy, he or they may refpedively confent to, in Writing under the Hand of fuch Chief Secretary, or, in his Abfence, of fuch Under Secretary, or of fuch Lords Commiffioners of the Admiralty, or their Secretary refpedively, as the cafe may require, to be applied in Payment of his Debts, and for that Purpofe to be paid to his Affignee or Affignee8 ; and fuch Order and Confent being lodged in the Military Department of the Office of Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or in the Office of the Treafurer of the Navy, as the cafe may be, fuch Chief Secretary, or, in his Abfence, the Under Secretary of the Military Department, or fuch Treafurer of the Navy, as the cafe may be, (hall give Di-redions accordingly, or (hall caufe the fame to be tranfmitted to the proper Officer for that Purpofe, and fuch Proportion of the Pay or Half Pay of fuch Officer as (hall be fpecified in fuch Order and Confent (hall be paid to his Affignee or Affignees, until the faid Court (hall make Order to the contrary.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon who (hall apply for his or her Difcharge under the Provifions of this Ad, or any other Perfon taking an Oath under the Provifions of this Ad, (hall wilfully forfwear and perjure himfelf or herfelf in any Oath to be taken under this Ad, and (hall be lawfully convided thereof, he or (he fo offending (hall fuffer fuch Puniftiment as by Law may be inflided on Perfons convided of Perjury under the Laws in force in Ireland.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded, That no Prifoner who (hall have obtained his or her Difcharge by virtue of this Ad, (hall at any time after fuch Difcharge, fo long as the fame (hall remain in force, be imprifoned by reafon of any Judgment or Decree obtained for Payment of Money only, or for any Debt, Damages, Contempt for Non payment of Money, Cofts or Sums of Money contraded, incurred, occafioned, owing or growing due, with refped to which fuch Difcharge (hall have been obtained 5 but that upon every Arreft upon any fuch Judgment or Decree, or for any fuch Debt, Damage, Contempt, Cofts, Sum and Sums of Money, it (hall and may be lawful

for



A.D.i8i3'

53° GEO. IIL

C. 138.	615

for any Judge of the Court from which any fuch Procefs (hall hare i (Tued, upon (hewing to fuch Judge the Copy of the Order for fuch Difcharge as aforefaid, and upon Affidavit that fuch Difcharge (till remains m force, to releafe from Cuftody fuch Prifoncr as aforefaid ; and at the fame time, if fuch Judge (hall in his Difcretion think fit, to order the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in fuch Suit or Suits, or other Perfon or Perfons fuing out fuch Procefs, to pay fuch Prifoner the Coils which he or ihe (hall have incurred on luch Occafiou, or fo much thereof as to fuch Judge (hall feem juft and reafonable, fuch Prifoner cauiing a Common Appearance to be entered for him or her in the A&ion or Suit for any luch Debt as aforefaid.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That when any fuch Pdfoners dif* Perfon (hall have been difcharged by any Court other than one of His charged bym- , Majefty’s fuperior Courts in Dublin, or the Court of Affizes, no Cre- cr °r °urts* ditor whofe Debt could not be lawfully fued for and recovered in

the Court by which fuch Difcharge (hall have been made (hall be in any refped affe&ed by fuch Difcharge, unlefs fuch Creditor (hall have received a Dividend on fuch Debts under the Provifions of this Ad.

XXXI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no Prifoner not Prifoner (hall be difcharged by virtue of this Ad, of any Debt or difcharged of other Matter accrued or incurred fubfequent to the Application of D*bt ,"cur* fuch Prifoner to be difcharged; and if it (hall appear to the Court AppKcattonCfbV° that any Prifoner applying to be difcharged as aforefaid, (lands DUcharge. charged in Cuftody with any Debt or other Matter accrued or incurred fubfequent as well as previous to fuch Application, then and in fuch

cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Court to difcharge the Perfon of fuch Prifoner only from fuch Debts or other Matters as had accrued or been incurred previous to fuch Application, and to remand him or her back to the Cuftody of the Keeper of the Prifon from whence he or (he was brought, for all Debts and other Matters for which he or (he (hall (land charged, and which (hall have accrued or been incurred fubfequent to fuch Application.

XXXII.	And be it further eua&ed, That if any Atlion of Efcape, Gtueral I flue, or any Suit or A&ion be brought againft any Judge, Juftice of the

Peace, Sheriff, Gaoler or Keeper of any Prifon, or other Perfon, for performing the Duty of his Office, in purfuance of this ACt, fuch Judge, Juftice, Sheriff, Gaoler or Keeper, or other Perfon may plead the General I flue, and give this A& in Evidence ; and if the Plaintiff be nonfuited or difeontinue his or her A&ion, or Verdi &

(hall pafs againft him or her, or Judgment (hould be had upon Demurrer, the Defendant (hall have Treble Cods.	Treblt Cofts.

XXXIII.	And be it further cna&ed, That if any Scire Facias, A&ion againft or ACtion of Debt, or upon Payment, or any other Suit or ACtion P^lbner dif-fhall be brought againft any Prifoner, his or her Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, upon any Judgment obtained againft any fuch Prifoner, or any Statute or Recognizance acknowledged by him

or her, or any other Caufe of A&ion from which fuch Prifoner (hall have obtained his or her Difcharge by virtue of this Ad/ except under the Judgment to be entered by virtue of this Ad, it (hall and may be lawful for any fuch Prifoner, his or her Heirs,

Executors or Adminiftrators, to plead generally that fuch Prifoner was duly difcharged from fuch Debt or Demand, according to this Ad, by the Order by which fuch Difcharge (hall have been ob.

Rf4

tained.





(St 6

C.tJB.1

53' GEO. lit

A.D.t8J3v

Double Coftf. Prifoner wan-

not entitled to leuefit of Ad.

tained, and that fiich* Difcharge remains in force* without pleading any other Matter fpecialiy; whereto the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (ban or may reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforefaid, and reply any other Matter or Thing which may fhew the Defendant or Defendants not to be entitled to the Benefit of this Ad, or the Plaintiff not to be affe&ed thereby, or that fuch Prifoner was not duly difcharged according to the Provifions of this Att, in the fame manner as the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs might have replied, in cafe the Defendant or Defendants had pleaded this A&, and his Difcharge by virtue of this AGt fpecialiy ; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs be nonfuited, difcontinue his or her A&ion, or Verdkt pafs again ft bhn, her or them, or Judgment (hall be had on Demurrer, the Defendant or Defendants (hall have Double Cods.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That ia tonly wailing Ef- cafe if (hall appear to the Satisfaction of the Court which flub fe£ts in lViion, decide as to the Difcharge of any Prifoner, that any Prifoner who

shall apply for a Difcharge by virtue of this A&, lias wantonly wafted his or her Eftate or EffeCU whilft in Prifon, or has at any time fraudulently" difpofed thereof, or any Part thereof, with Iutcotto deprive any of his or her juft Creditors of the Benefit thereof, or has wilfully remained in Prifon, although entitled to be difcharged there* from by virtue of this Att, or otherwife with Intent to coufume his pr her Property in Prifon, inftead of applying the fame to the Difcharge of his or her juft Debts, iuch Prifoner (hall not be entitled to the Benefit of this Ad ; unlefs on fpecial Circumftances the laid Court (hall think fit to grant fuch Difcharge. -

XXXV.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed. That nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend or be cpnftrued to extend to releafe or difcharge any Attorney at Law, Solicitor, or any other Perfon ading or pretending to ad as fuch with regard to any Debt or Demand for any Money or other Effects recovered or received by him for the Ufe of any Perfon or Perfons* Bodies Corporate or Politic, and by any fuch Attorney, Solicitor or other Perion ading as fuch, embezzled, concealed or converted to bis own Ufe; or to releafe or to dilcharge any Servant or other Perfon employed or trolled as (uch, with regard to any Debt or Demand for or co account of any Money, Goods or other Lffe&s received or poffefled f>y hitn or her for the Ufe and Account of his or her Mailer or Mailer^ 6r Employer or Employers, and by fuch Servant or ether Perfon io embezzled, concealed or converted to his or her own Ufe; or to releafe or difcharge any Perfon with regard to any Debt or Demud arifing from or created by any Breach of Truft or Confidence; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith* (landing; unlefs the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Debt or Demand (hall be due or owing (hall confent to the Difcharge of fuch Prifoner by virtue of this Act, or unlefs fuch Prifoner /bill have been confined in Prifon for fuch Debt or Demand for the

SjSpace of Ten Years before the time when fuch Prifoner (ball apply for his or her Difcharge by virtue of this A&.

, iIU,llt, uu XXXVI. Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That bo uiningCredhby Prifoner who knowingly and defignedly, by falfe Pretence or Pnr-faife Pretences/ tences, or under any fi&itious Name or Names, affumed for the Purer removing £f- pofes of obtaining Credit or by any other fraudulent means (hall lefts liable to be have obtained from any Perfon or Perfons Money, Goods, Ware*, Gained lor ,	Merchtt-

Attornies, &c. embezzling Money, not entitled to Benefit ot Act j u.ik-fs Creditors content, or Pri-1'ontr confined Ten Years.

No lYifoner ob-

 boogie

A*D.i8i3*	53°GEO.IIL	C-138.	(S17

Merchandizes, Bonds, Bills of Exchange, Pronliflory Notes or Rent, entitled to other Securities for Money, or other Effeds; or who (hall have Benefit of cootraded any Debt by fraudulently obtaining falfe Credit or by ^fent *r PrU* any other fraudulent means, or who fhall have fraudulently removed foner confined or caufed to be removed any Stock, Cattle, Goods or Effeds of the Five Years. Value of Ten Pounds or upwards, which were fubjed or liable to be diflrained by his or her Landlord or Landlords for any Rent or Rents, whereby fuch Landlord or Landlords /hall have loft all or fome Pan of fuch Rent or Rents, fhall have any Difcharge by or under this A6t, from the Debt or Demand arifing from or remaining due in conf'quence of fuch fraudulent Condud; unlefs the Perfon or Perfons w'ho fhall be entitled to fuch Debt or Demand fhall consent to the Difcharge of fuch Prifoner by virtue of this Ad, or fuch Prifoner fhall have been confined in Prifon for fuch Debt or Demand for the Space of Five Years before the time when fuch Prifoner fliall apply for his or her Difcharge by virtue of this Ad.

XXXVII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That no Prifoner fuffer-Prifoner who fhall have fuffered any Perfon, who has become Bail ingBailtobe or Surety for fuch Prifoner, to be charged in refped of fuch Bail c{!arg€j\not or Surety, fhall be difeharged by virtue of this Ad from any Debt certain Condi? or Demand arifing on fuen Account, without the Confent of the tion*.

Perfon or PerfonS entitled to fuch Debt or Demand.

XXXVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That no Prifoner charged Prifoner who fhall be charged in Execution for Damages recovered *“ E*«cution for in any Adion for Criminal Converfation with the Wife of the Plaintiff r^a?n*cemln in fuch Adion, or in any Adion for feducing or carnally knowing Adioni, not eiw the Daughter or Female Servant of the Plaintiff in fuch Adion, or titled to Dif-

in any Adion for a Malicious Profecution, or in any Adion for any charge without other Malicious Injury, fhall have any Difcharge from fuch Debt or Confent td Pen* Damages under this Ad, unlefs the Perfon or Perfons entitled to the Benefit of fuch Debt or Damages fhall confent to the Difcharge of Years, fuch Prifoner by virtue of this Ad; or unlefs fuch Prifoner fhall have been confined in Prifon, for fuch Debt or Damage, for the Space of Five Years before the time when fuch Prifoner fhall apply for his or her Difcharge under this Ad.

XXXIX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That no NoranyBsnk-Prifoner againft whom any Commiflion of Bankrupt fhall have iffued „^Yave>obtain and fhall remain in force, and who fhall not have obtained a Cer- ^ his^Certifi-** tificate of his or her Conformity to the feveral Statutes concerning Cate,&c. Bankrupts under fuch Commiflion, fhall be entitled to be difeharged

by virtue of this Ad from any Debt for which fuch Prifoner mail be detained in Cuflody, and which might have been proved under fuch Commiflion, unlefs fuch Prifoner fhall have been fo detained in Prifou for the Space of Five Years before the time when fuch Prifoner fhall apply for his or her Difcharge under this Ad.

XL. And whereas Debtors may, with a view to defraud their Creditors, fell, transfer, convey or affign their Eftate and Effeds, or fome Part thereof, but it may be difficult to prove that fuch Sale or Transfer, Conveyance or Affignment was made with a fraudulent Defign ; Be it enaded, That whenever it fhall be proved by one or Prifoner affiga-more credible Witnefs or WitnefTes, or by the Confeffion .of any ing ®J?ate afterr Prifoner, who fhall apply for his or her Difcharge by virtue of this thl^Crcd^rs *0 Ad, that fuch Prifoner has fold, transferred, conveyed or afligned to cannot have Be-lay Perfon or Perfons all or.any Part of his or her Eftate or Effeds nefit thereof,

fubfequent



618

(hall lofe Benefit of Ad.

Prifoner loling Money by Gaining not to have Benefit of A£t, unlefs with Confent, &c.

Prifoner who (hill have made Conveyance of Cftate iiiTrufl for particular Creditors not to have Benefit of A£t, without £onftnt,&c.

Affigoees may apply to Court to have Prifoner who has obtained

C. 138.	53* GEO. HI.	A.D.t8i3.

fubfequent to the time of contrading any Debt of or from which fucb Prifoner (hall fo feek to be difcharged, without juft Caufe for fo doing (to be determined by the Court), and fuch Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Affignment, (hall remain in force, fo that the Creditors of fuch Prifoner cannot have the Benefit of fuch Eftate or Effeds under this Adi, without Suit at Law or Equity, every fuch Prifoner (hall lofe all the Benefit and Advantage that he or (he might otherwife have claimed under the Authority of this Adi, unlefs all the Creditors of fuch Prifoner againft whom fuch Prifoner (hall feek to be difcharged by virtue of this Adi will confent to fucb Difcharge.

‘ XL1. And whereas many Prifoners fqiiander their Property by

•	playing at Cards, Dice and other unlawful Games whilft in Prifon,

•	to the great Injury of their Creditors ;* Be it enadled, That nothing in this Adi (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to difcharge or releafe any Prifoner who bath or (hall have loft, fince the time of his or her Commitment to Prifon for any Debt with which he or (he (hall (land charged at the time when Application (hall be made for his or her Difcharge by virtue of this A A, the Sum or Value of Ten Pounds in any One Dav, or Fifty Pounds in the whole, fince fuch Commitment as aforelaid, in playing at or with Cards, Dice, Tables, Tennis, Bowls, Billiards, or any other Game or Games whatfoever, or in or by bearing a Share or rart in the Stakes, Wagers or Adventures, or in or by betting on the Sides or Hands of fuch as do play as aforefaid, unlefs all the Creditors of fuch Prifoner againft whom fuch Prifoner (hall feek to be difcharged by virtue of this Adi (hall confent to fuch Difcharge, or unlefs tuch Prifoner (hall have been confined in Prifon for the Space of Five Years at the lead, fince the time when any fuch Money was fo loft as aforefaid.

XLII. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That if any Prifoner leeking the Benefit of this Adi, (hall appear to the Court who (hall decide as to the Difcharge of fuch Prifoner, to have made, within Five Years before the Application of fuch Prifoner to be difcharged by virtue of this Ad, any Conveyance or Affignment of all or any Part of his or her Eftate or Effeds in Truft or other-wife for the Benefit of any particular Creditor or Creditors, with Intent to give an undue Preference to fuch Creditor or Creditors, and afterwards to obtain a Difcharge from the Demands of any other Creditor or Creditors by virtue of this Ad, fuch Prifoner (hall have no Benefit of this Ad, unlefs fuch Perfon or Perfons for whofe Benefit any fuch Conveyance or Affignment (hall have been made (hall firft relinquiffi the fame; and all fuch Eftate and Effeds (hall be conveyed or delivered by fuch Perfon or Perfons as the Court (hall diredt, for the Benefit of all the Creditors of fuch Prifoner under the Provifions of this Ad; or unlefs all the Creditors againft whom fuch Difcharge (hall be fought (hall confent thereto.

XLIII. And whereas the Eftates both Real and Perfonal of any Prifoner who may be difcharged by virtue of this Ad may not be fufficiently deferibed or difeovered in the Schedule before direded to be delivered upon Oath by fuch Prifoner, or the Alfiftance of fuch Prifoner may be neceffary to adjuft, make out, recover or manage his Eftate or Effeds for the Benefit of his or her Creditors; Be it therefore enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Affignee or Affignces of the Eftate and Effeds of any fuch Prifoner who (hall obtain his or her difcharge in purfuance of this

Ad,

 ^ooq ie

A.D.1813.	53°GEO.III.	0.138.	619

' A&, from time to time to apply to the Court by whom fuch Pri- Di&hargs, fur-foncr (hall have been difcharged, that fuch Prifoner may be further ^ltr examined as to any Matters or Things relating to his or her Eftate and Effeds, either by fuch Court, or by any Juftice of the Peace within whofe Jurifdi&ion fuch Prifoner (hall then reiide ; and if fuch Court (hall direfl any fuch Examination before any fuch Juftice, fuch Juftice (hall fend for or call before him fuch Prifoner, by fuch Warrant, Summons, Ways or Means as he (hall think fit 5 and if fuch Prifoner (hall appear before fuch Juftice, fuch Juftice (hall examine him or her upon Oath, or otherwife, as to fuch Matters and Things as fuch Affignee or Affignees (hall defire relating to the Eftate and Effe&s of luch Prifoner; and if any fuch Prifoner, on Payment or Tender of Payment of fuch reafonable Charges as fuch Juftice (hall judge fufHcient, (hall negleft or refufe to appear before fuch Juftice, not having a lawful Excufe allowed by fuch Juftice, or, being come before fuch Juftice, (hall refufe to be fworn or to anfwer fuch Queftions as by fuch Juftice (hall be put to him or her, relating to the Difcovery of his or her Eftate and Effedls vetted or intended to be veiled in fuch Affignee or Affignees as aforefaid, as required by the Order of the faid Court, fuch Juftice (hall certify fuch Default to the faid Court; and thereupon, and alfo in cafe fuch Prifoner (hall negledl or refufe to appear before fuch Court to be examined by fuch Court, if the Court (hall think fit fo to order, or, appearing before fuch Court, (hall refufe to be fworn, or to anfwer fuch Queftions as (hall be put to him or her relating to the Difcovery of his or her faid Eftate or Effe&s, then and in any fuch cafes it (hall be lawful for fuch Court to commit fuch Prifoner fo offending to any Prifon within the Jurifdi&ion of fuch Court, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until fuch time as he or (he (hall fubmit himfelf or herfelf to fuch Court and anfwer upon Oath or otherwife as (hall be required, to all fuch lawful Queftions as (hall by fuch Court be put or ordered to be put to him or her for the Purpofes aforefaid.

XLIV. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be law- Affignees, with ful at all times hereafter, for any Affignee or Affignees of the Eftate Confem rfMa-and Effects of any Prifoner difcharged by virtue of this A6fc, by may take • and with the Content of the major Part in value of the Creditors Completion of fuch Prifoner who (hall be prefent at a Meeting to be had on from Debtors of Twenty one Days* Notice being previoufly given for the Purpofe Prifoner. in the Dublin Gaxette, if the Prifoner was in Cuftody in the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, at the time of his or her Difcharge, and if not, then m fome Newfpaper which (hall be publi/hed and circulated in the County, City or Place in or near which fuch Prifoner (hall have been fo in Cuftody, to make Compofition with any Perfon who (hall be a Debtor or Accountant to fuch Prifoner, where a Compofition (hall appear neceffary or reafonable, and -to take fuch reafonable Part of any Debt due to fuch Prifoner as can upon any fuch Compofition be gotten, in full Difcharge of fuch Debt, and alfo to fubmit to Arbitration, any Difference or Difpute between fuch Affignee or Affignees, and any Perfon or Perfons, for or on account or by reafon of any Matter, Caufe or Thing, relative to the Eftate or EfFe&s of fuch Prifoner 5 and every fuch Affignee or Affignees is and are hereby indemnified for what he, (he or they (hall fairly do in the Premifes, in purfuance of this A&.

XLV. And be it further ena&cd, That it (hall and may be lawful Court may hear to1 and for the Court by whom any fuch Perfon (hall be difcharged agamltTfl^necs,



$20	C. 13S.	530	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

•od may remove from time to'time, upon the Petition of any Perfon fo difebarged nr them.	of any Creditor or Creditors of fuch Perfon, complaining of any In-

fufficiency, Fraud or Mifcondu&of any Affignee or Affignees of the Eftate and Effe&s of fuch Perfon, to fummon all Parties concerned, and upon hearing the Parties concerned, to make and give fuch Order* and Diredlioris therein, either for the Removal of fuch Affignee or Af-figoees and appointing any new Affignee or Affignee® in tHe Place of fuch Affignee or Affignees fo to be removed, and for the prudent, juft and equitable Management and Diftributiou of the Eftate and Effe&s of any fuch Perfon for the Benefit of his or her Creditor*, as the faid Court fhali think fit; and in cafe of the Removal of any Affignee or Affignees, and the appointing of any new Affignee or Affignees, the Ettate and Effe&s of fuch rerfon fo difeharged (hall from thenceforth be divefted out of the Affignee or Affignees fo removed, and be veiled in and delivered over to fuch new Affignee .or Affignees, in the fame manner, and for the fame Intents and Pur-pofes as the fame were before veiled in the Affignee or Affignee* firft appointed ; any thing in this A6 contained to the contrary not* with (landing.

In cafe of Death XLVI. And be it further enabled, That in cafe of the Death or or Incapacity of Incapacity of any Affignee of the Eftate and Effe&s of any Pcrlbn Affignee, an- difeharged by virtue of this Adi, or in cafe any Affignee (hall be erappointe . unwij|jng to a.61 a8 Affignee, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Creditor of fuch Pnfoner to apply to the faid Court to appoint a new Affignee or Affignees, witn like Powers and Authorities« are given by this A& to the original Affignee or Affignees; and the faid Court (hall have Power to appoint fuch new Affignee or Affignees accordingly, and to oblige any Affignee who (hall be removed, and the Heirs, Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns of any deceafed Affignee, to accouut for and deliver up all tuch Eftate and Effe&s, as (hall remain in his, her or their Hands, to be applied for the Purpofes of this Adi; and the Decifion of the (aid Court thereupon (hall be final and conclufive.

Affignee*,See.	XLVII. And be it further enadted, That in cafe any Affignee

BeLSe cfEftlte	Affignees °f the Eftate aud Effedls of any Prifoner difeharged

proceeded by virtue of this Adi, or the Heirs, Executors or AdminiftratorB <*f •gaiaft.	any deceafed Affignee or Affignees, (hall not deliver over any Pact

of fuch Eftate or Effedls, or pay the Balance of the Produce of any fuch Eftate or Effedls fopnd to be in the Hands of fuch deceafed Affignee or Affignees, or of fuch Heirs, Executors or Adminiftratoit as aforefaid, according to the Order of the faid Court, it (hall be lawful for the faid Court to order the Perfon or Perfons disobeying fuch Order to be arrefted, and committed to the next County Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until fuch Perfon or Perfons Hull have obeyed fuch Order, aud paid all fuch Cod* as the faid Court (hall award to be paid in rtfped thereof, or until fuch Court (hall make other Order to the contrary.

* XEVIII. And whereas Perfons are often committed by the ‘ Courts of Law and Equity for Contempts in not paying Money * ordered or awarded to be paid, and alfo for uot paying of Cofts duly 4 and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper Officer, after proper 4 Demands made for that Purpofe, and alfo upon the Writer £*•

4 communicato capiendo, or other rrocefs, for or grounded on tbe Non*

4 payment of Money, Cods or Expence*, in fame Caufe or Proceeding

1 in

 v^ooQie

621

A.D.1813.	53° GEO. III.	C138*

*	in fome Ecclefiaftical Court, or for Contempt of fuch Court by

*	Nonpayment of Money, Cofts or ExpencesBe it further enafted, That all fuch Perfons fo committed (hall be entitled to the Benefit of this Aft, on and fubjeft*to the fame Terms, Conditions and Reftric-tions, as are herein expreffed and declared with refpeft to Prifoners for Debt only.

XLIX. And be it further cnafted, That in all cafe? wherein by this Aft an Oath is required, the folemn Affirmation of any Perfon being a Quaker (hall and may be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every Perfon making fuch Affirmation, who (hall be convifted of wilful falfe Affirmation, (hall incur and fuffcr fuch and the fame Penalties as are inflifted and impofed upon Perfons convifted of Perjury under the Laws in force in Ireland.

L. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no Perfon who (hall have taken the Benefit of any Aft heretofore parted for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors (hall have the Benefit of this Aft, or be deemed to be within the Intent and Meaning thereof, fo as to be difcharged under the fame, until the Expiration of the Term of Five Years from the time of fuch former Difcharge ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contraiy thereof notwithflanding ; unlefs from fpecial Circumftances the Court to which fuch Perfon (hall apply to be difcharged under the Direftions of this Aft (houlJ be of Opinion that it would be juft and reafonable that fuch Prifoner ihould be again difcharged by virtue of this A6t.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That this Aft fhail not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to difcharge any Prifoner feeking the Benefit of this Aft, with refpeft to any Debt or Penalty with which he or (he (hall (land charged at the Suit of The Crown, or of any Perfon for any Offence committed again ft-any Aft or Afts • of Parliament relative to His Majefty’s Revenues of Cuftoms, Excife or Stamp Duties, or any of them, or any Branches of the faid Public Revenue, or at the Suit of any Sheriff or other Public Officer, upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearance of any Perfon pro-fecuted for any Offence committed againft any Aft or Afts of Parliament relative to His Majefty’s faid Revenues of Cuftoms, Excife or Stamp Duties, or any other Branches of Public Revenue, unlefs Three of the Commiflioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer in Ireland for the time being (hall certify under their Hands their Confent to the Difcharge of fuch Prifoner, upon the Terms and Conditions preferibed by t.ris Aft.

LI I. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That no Perfon who (hall have been at any time difcharged by virtue of this Aft (hall again be entitled to the Benefit thereof within the Space of Five Years after fuch Difcharge, unlefs Three fourths in Number and Value of the Creditors againft whom fuch Perfon (hall feek to be fo difcharged a fecond time by virtue of this Aft, (hall fignify his, her or their Affent to fuch Difcharge, or it (hall be made appear to the 8a-tisfaftion of the Court to whom fuch Perfon (hall apply for his Difcharge, that fuch Perfon has fince his or her former Difcharge endeavoured by Induftry and Frugality to pay all juft Demands upon him or ber, and has incurred no unneceffarv Expence, and that the Debts which fuch Perfon has incurred, fublequent to fuch former Difcharge, have been neceffarily incurred for the Maintenance of fuch Perfon, oir his or her Familyf or that the Infoivency of fuch Porfon has arifco i	from

Perfons committed for Contempt of Courts, in not paying Cofts, Ac. entitled to Benefit of Aft.

Affirmation of Quaker taken.

Perjury.

Perfons taking Benefit of any Insolvent Aft within Five Years not entitled to Reliefi

Crown Debtors or Perlons committed for Offences aeainft Revenue, not entitled to Benefit of Aft.

Prifoner difcharged, not entitled to Benefit within Five Years, uniafii Debts notef-falary iocuirej, Ac.



Aft not to extend to Foreigners, Exceptions.

Time allowed to anfwer Objeft iou to Difcharge of Prifoner.

Court empowered to difchuge nothwithftanding Objeft ion on ground of Mif-condudt.

Debt contraftcd fraudulently not difcharged.

5^.11 Courts with fame Tttle deemed fam-Courts.

Prifoners of unfound Mind.

C. 138.	53°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

from Misfortune, or from Inability to acquire Subliftence for himfelf or herfelf, and his or her Family, or from Debts incurred prior to fuch former Difcharge, to which fuch Difcharge did not extend, or from Debts incurred fubfequent to fuch Difcharge in confequence of Engagements entered into or Ads done prior to fuch Difcharge.

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Per-fon, not being a natural-bom Subjed of His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors, (hall have the Benefit of this Ad, except under fuch cir-cumftances, and on fuch Terms and Conditions, as to the Court to which fuch Perfon (hall apply to be difcharged purfuant to this Aft, fhall feem fit and reasonable; any thing in this Ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enaded. That if asy Objedion (hall be made to the Difcharge of any Prifoner on the Ground of any Mifcondud of any fuch Prifoner, and it (hall appear to the faid Court that fuch Prifoner might not have been aware of fuch Objedion fo as to be able to anfwer the fame, fuch Court (hall allow fuch Prifoner fufficient time to anfwer fuch Objedion; and (hall alfo, if neceffary, require fuch Objedion to be dated in Writing to fuch Prifoner, fo that fuch Prifoner may be fully apprized thereof.

LV. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That in cafe it (hall appear to the Satisfadion of the faid Court, that any Mifcondud which (hall be attributed to any Prifoner to prevent his or her Difcharge, although ftridly within the Intent and Meaniug of this Aft, was nevertheless attended with fuch circumflances, or the Iojury thereby done was to fo fmall an Amount, that it may not be fit that fuch Prifoner (hould on that account be deprived of the Benefit of this Ad, it (hall be lawful for the faid Court to difcharge fuch Prifoner, notwithftanding any Objedion founded on fuch Mifconduft, either in the fame manner as if fuch Objedion had not been made,. or on fuch further Terms and Conditions as to the faid Court (hall appear reafonable, in confequence of fuch Mifcondud : Provided alfo, that in cafe it (hall appear to the Satisfadion of the faid Court, that any Debt contraded by any Prifoner feeking to be difcharged by virtue of this Ad, was contraded under any fraudulent circumftances not fpecially provided for by this Ad, it (hall be lawful for the faid Court to except fuch Debt from the Difcharge to be granted to fuch Prifoner, either absolutely or upon fuch Terms and Conditions as to the faid Court (hall appear to be proper; and if fuch Prifoner fhall be in adual Cuftody for fuch Debt, it (hall be lawful for the (aid Court to remand fuch Prifoner according to the Determination of the faid Court upon fuch Debt.

LVI. And be it further enaded, That all Affizes and other Courts which (hall have the fame Title and Jurifdidion, and within the fame Limits refpedively, fhall, as to all the Purpofcs of this Aft, be deemed and taken to be the fame Courts refpedively, although fitting under different Commifiions or Warrants refpedively.

LVI I. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon who (hall at any time be a Prifoner in any fuch Prifon in Ireland as aforefaid, upon any fuch Procefs as aforefaid, (hall be or become of unfound Mind, and therefore incapable of taking the Benefit of this Aft in fuch manner as he or (he might have done if of found Mind, the Gaoler or Keeper of fuch Prifon fhall forthwith require One or more Jufttce or Jullices of the Peace within whofe Jurifdidion fucb Prifoner ja	(ball





A.JLU813.	53°	C.	138.	62	3

{hall be, to attend at the faid Prifon, and enquire into the Stale of

Mind of fuch Prifoner ; and thereupon, and alfo in cafe any fuch

Juftice or Juftices (hall receive Information by any other means that

any fuch Prifoner is of unfound Mind as aforefaid, fuch Juftice or Proceedings.

Juftices (hall go to the faid Prifon, and by his or their own View, -

and by Examination on Oath of fuch Perfon or Perfons as he or

they (hall think fit to examine, (hull enquire into the State of Mind of

fuch Prifoner; and if it (hall appear to fuch Juftice or Juftices upon

fuch Enquiry, that fuch Prifoner is of unfound Mind, and therefore

incapable of taking the Benefit of this Aft in fuch manner as a Perfon

of found Mind might do, fuch Juftice or Juftices (hall forthwith make

a Record of the Faft, and certify the fame to the Court to which

fuch Prifoner might, if of found Mind, prefent his Petition to be

difeharged by virtue of this Aft ; and thereupon it (hall be lawful

for fuch Court, at the Inftance of any Perfon or Perfons on behalf

of fuch Prifoner, to order Notice to be inferted in the Dublin Gaxette, Notice in

and in Two or more public Newfpapers ufually circulated in the Dublin Gazette.

Neighbourhood of fuch Prifon, and in the Neighbourhood of the •

ufual Refidence of fuch Prifoner before he or (he was committed

to fuch Prifon, as the faid Court (hall fee fit, and (hall in fuch Order

fpecify and direft that Application will be made to fuch Court

or to the Court of Ailize in manner hereinbefore mentioned, for the

Difcharge of fuch Prifoner, on a Day to be fpecified in fuch Order,

* being Twenty Days at the lead from the Day of Publication of fuch One of fuch Gazette and Newfpapers* containing fuch Notice as fhall be laft publiftied 5 which Notice, together with Service of the like Notice on the Creditor and Creditors at whofe Suit ftich Prifoner (hall be detained in Cuftody, or his, her or their Attorney or Attor-nies in fuch Suit, (hall be deemed fuflicient to authorize the faid Courts refpeftively to proceed to the Difcharge of fuch Prifoner, if otherwife entitled to fuch Difcharge, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft ; and fuch Court refpeftively (hall proceed Difcharge m accordingly, and (hall difcharge fucli Prifoner, in cafe it (hall appear " calL’‘ that fuch Prifoner might have obtained his or her Difcharge under this Aft, if of found Mind ; and thereupon fuch Courts refpeftively (hall direft a Conveyance and Aftignment to be made of the Eftate and Efftfts of fuch Prifoner, and Engagement for the Payment of his or her Debts, according to the Provifiona of this Aft, to be executed by the Clerk of the laid Courts refpeftively, in the Name and on the behalf of fuch Prifoner 5 which Conveyance, Aflignment and Engagement (hall be made accordingly, unlefs fuch Prifoner (ball have been found a Perfon of unfound Mind by Inquifition taken under a Commiflion in the Nature of a Writ de Lunatico \nqu\rendo% Writ de I.una-in which cafe fuch Conveyance, Aflignment and Engagement (hall t,c0 iaquirendo. be executed by the Committee or Committees of luch Lunatic, in fuch manner as (hall be direfted by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commifiioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal of Ireland, or fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall be authorized by the Royal Sign Manual, to provide for the Care and Cuftody of the Perfons and Eftates of Perfons found Lunatic; by Inquifition; and fuch Conveyance, Aflignment and Engagement fo made, (hall be Efficient to all Intents and Purpofes to veil the Property of fuch Prifoner in the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame (hall be direfted by the faid Court to be conveyed and afligned, and (hall bind fuch

Prifoner,





Continuance of Ad.

Ad amended, fee.

5a G.5.C.138.

5 5.

C. 138,139.	53* GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

Prifoner, his or her Heirs, Executors and Adminiftrators, as fully and effectually as if fuch Conveyance, Aflignment and Engagement refpedively had been duly executed by fuch Prifoner.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That this A£t (hall continue in force until the Firft Day of November in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Sefiion of Parliament, and no longer.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That this A6t may be amended, altered or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be made in this prefeot Seflion of Parliament.

CAP. CXXXIX.

An Aft for exempting Bankers, and others, from certain Penalties contained in an Aft of the lad Seflion of Parliament, for the further Prevention of the Counterfeiting of Silver Tokens iffued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, called Dollars, and of Silver Pieces ifliied and circulated by the Governor and Company, called Tokins\ and for the further Prevention of Frauds praftifed by the Imitation of the Notes or Bills of the faid Governor and Company.	[13th July 1813.]

*	TT THERE AS by an A ft paffed in the laft Seflion of Parliament,

*	W intituled An A3 for the further Prevention of the Counter-

*	fciting of Silver Tokens iffued by the Governor and Company of the 1 Bank of England, called Dollars, and of Silver Pieces iffued and cir-

*	culatea by the faid Governor and Company, called Tokens ; and for

*	thefurther Prevention of Frauds praQtfed by the Imitation of the Notts 4 or Bills of the faid Governor and Company ; it was ena&ed, that

*	if any Perfon, from and after the Firft Day of Augufl One thou-

*	fand eight hundred and twelve, (hould engrave, cut, etch, fcrape 4 or by any other Means or Device make, or (hould caufe or procure 4 to be engraved, cut, etched, fcraped, or by any other Means or 4 Device made, or (hould knowingly aid or affift in the engraving,

*	cutting, etching, fcraping, or by any other Means or Device making, € in or upon any Plate of Copper, Brafs, Steel, Pewter, or of any 4 other Metal or Mixture of Metals, or upon any Wood or any 4 other Materials, or upon any Plate whatfoever, any Word or 4 Words, Figure or Figures, Charader or Charaders, the Impreffion 4 taken from which (hould refemble or be apparently intended to re-4 femble the Whole or any Part of any of tne Notes or Bills of the 4 faid Governor and Company, commonly called Bank Notes and 4 Bank Poft Bills, or (hould contain any Word, Number, Figure or 4 Charader in White on a black, fable or dark Ground, without as 4 Authority in Writing for that Purpofe from the faid Governor 4 and Company, to be produced and proved by the Party accufed, 4 or (hould (without luch Authority as aforefaidj ufe any fudi 4 Plate, Wood or other Material, fo engraved, cut, etched, (craped, 4 or by any other Means or Device made, or (hould ufe any other 4 Inftrument or Device for the making or printing upon any Paper 4 or other Material, any Word or Words, Figure or Figures, Cha-4 rader or Charaders, which (hould be apparently intended to re-4 femble the Whole or any Part of the faid Notes or Bills of the faid

i6	4	Governor





A'D.i8i3‘	53°GEO.	III.	C.	139.	$25

♦	Governor and Company, or any Word, Number, Figure or Cha-4 rafter in White on a black, fable or dark Ground ; or if any Perfon 1 or Perfons (hould, from and after the Firft Day of Augufi One ( tboufand eight hundred and twelve (without fuch Authority as 4 aforefaid) knowingly have in his, her or their Cuftody, any luch

•	Plate, Inftrument or Device, or (hould knowingly and wilfully 4 utter, publifh or difpofe of, or put away any Paper or other Material

*	containing any fuch Word or Words, Figure or Figures, Charader

*	or Charaders as aforefaid, or (hould knowingly or wittingly have 4 in his, her or their Cuftody or Pofieffion, any Paper or other 4 Material containing any fuch Word or Words, Figure or Figures,

4 Charader or Charaders as aforefaid (without lawful Excufe, the 4 Proof whereof (hould lie upon the Perfon accufed), every Perfon 4 fo offending in any of the cafes aforefaid, and being convided 4 thereof according to Law, (hould be adjudged a Felon, and (hould 4 be tranfported for the Term of Fourteen Years: And whereas 4 many Perfons carrying on the Bufinefs of Bankers have, in Igno-4 ranee of the Provifions of the faid Ad, made, iffued and circulated,

4 Promiffory Notes containing white Letters or Figures on a black,

4 fable or dark Ground ; and niany of fuch Notes are now in Circu-4 lation : And whereas it is expedient to give a reafonable time to 4 all fuch Bankers to call in fuch Notes, and to iffue others in lieu 4 thereof;* Be it therefore enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Mafefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefen t Parliament aflembled,

and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling perfons not of this Ad, no Perfon (hall be liable to Profecution by virtue of the liable to Profe-laid recited Ad for having, before the paffing of this Ad, engraved, ™tk»i under rt: cut, etched, feraped or made, or caufed or procured to be engraved, flte? for . cut, etched, feraped or made, by Authority of any Perfon or Perfons a^Notw jkc. * ading as a Banker or Bankers, any Promiffory Note, or Part of refembling thofe a Promiffory Note, for Payment of Money, the Impreflion taken of Bank of Eng-from which may contain any Word, Number, Figure or Charader in land» before White on a black, fable or dark Ground, or For having made or Jj^Jrithin a * printed by fuch Authority as aforefaid, before the palling of this Ad, Period, any fuch Promiffoiy Note, or Part of a Promiffory Note, or for having heretofore i flued or circulated any fuch Promiffory Note, or having heretofore had any fuch Promiffory Note in his or her Poffef-fion or Cuftody, or who (hall, before the Firft Day of November in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and (ixteen, jffue or circulate, or have in his or her Poffeilion or Cuftody, any fuch Promiffory Note, the Date whereof (hall not be later than the Firft Day of November in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen; any thing in the faid Ad contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding; Pro- Provifions of resided always, that nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be con- ***** ^pnot flrued to extend, to repeal or fufpend any Provifion contained in the faid Ad refpeding the engraving, cutting, etching, (craping or raak- u pnia ing any Word or Words, Figure or Figures, Charader or Charaders, the Impreffion taken from which may referable, or be apparently intended to refemble, the Whole or any Part of any of the Notes or Bills of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, commonly called Bank Notet or Bank Pofi Bills, or the ufing any Plate or other Material upon which any fuch Word or Words, Figure or Figures* Charader or Charaders may be engraved, cut, etched,

. 53G10.IIL	Sf	feraped



&z&	C. 139, 140.	53®	GEO.	III.	A.B.1813.

fcrapcd or made, or the ufing any other Inftrumcnt or Device for making or printing any fuch Word or Words, Figure or Figures, Charafter or Characters, or the having any fuch Plate, Inftrument or. Device, in Cuftody or Potteffion, or the uttering, publifhing, dif-pofing of or putting away, or the having in Cuftody or Pofleffion any Paper or other Material containing any fuch Word or Words, Figure or Figures, Character or Characters ; any thing herein con-Nor Provifions fained to the contrary not with ftanding : Provided alfo, that nothing of T3G.3. c./ij. herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to repeal or fufpend any Enaftment, Provifion, Matter or Thing contain*} in an Aft patted in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His'prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for the more ejfedual preventing tbeforgiug of the Notes or Bills of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England ; and for the preventing the obtaining a falfc Credit by tk Imitation of the Notes or Bills of the fend Governor and Company; any tiling herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. CXL.

An AGt to amend an Aft made in the laft Seflion of Parliament, intituled An AH for the more effeHued Regulation of Pilots, and of the Pilotage of Ships and reffels on the Coafl cf England, and for the Regulation of Boatmen employed in fupplying Veflels with Pilots, licenfed under the faid Aft, fo far as relates to the Coaft of Kent, within the Limits of The Cinque Ports*	[13th	July	1813.]

$*0.3-	* TTTHEREAS an Aft patted in the Fifty fecond Year of tk

4 VV Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for tht

•	more effeQual Regulation of Pilots, and of the Pilotage of Ships end 4 Vejfcls on the Coajl of England : And whereas it is neceffary for the 4 entering a ptoper Supply of Pilots under the faid Aft for Veflels 4 paflmg Dover and through The Downs, to and from the River 4 Thames and other Places, that further Provifions (hould be made for 4 the licenfing and Regulation of Boatmen ufually employed is

*	pitting Pilots on board of Veffels from Dover, Deal, and Ranf* 4 gate and Margate May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted, and be it enafted by tne King’s Molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled,

Warden of and by the Authority of the fame, That One hundred and forty Cinque Porti to Boatmen (hall be licenfed by the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, licenfe Coatmen or by his Lieutenant, or by the Deputy Lieutenant Governor of in Diftrefcind* plover CaJHe, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons as (hall be from carry off Pilot*, t^me to time fpec’a^y anthorized by the Lord Warden for that , . Purpofe within the Jtrrifdiftion of the Cinque Ports, for the Purpofe of affifting Ships in Diftrefs and conducting them into'and out of the Harbours of Dover, Ramfgate, Margate and FolkJlone, tod •putting licenfed Cinque Port Pilots on board of Ships and Vefleh coming from the Weiiward and bound up the River of Thames and Medway; and Fifty of fuch Boatmen (hall conftantly refide at Diver, Fifty at Deal, Twenty at Ramfgate and Twenty at Margate; and all fuch Boatmen (hall be refpeftivcly required by Inch Licences fo to refide at the refpeftiye' Places to be fpedfied in their Licences,

afid

 v^,ooQle

A.D.i8i3*	S¥	GEO.	Kir	C.140,

and (hall, upon quitting their Places of ReGdence, or negledingi to ufe or ad under the fame for the Space of Two Months, unlcfs prevented by Illr.efe, forfeit fuch Licences: And all fuefi Boatmen, before any fuch Licence (hall be given as aforefeid. (hall be examined as to their Knowledge of the Coaft, and their Ability to concjud: Ships and Vefifcls into The Downs* and the Harbours of Dover* Ram fa ate, and Margate and Folkjlone* by the Commiflnners of the Lord Warden of the Cioque Ports for fettling Salvage and the other Commifiioners appointed by this Ad> at the refpc&ive Places where fuch Boatmen /hall apply to be licenfed at a Meeting to be held for the Purpofe of this Ad, upon whofe Certificate the Lord Warden or his Lieutenant, or the Deputy Lieutenant Governor of Dover Caftle, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons as (hall be authorised as aforefaid, (hall be and are hereby authorized and empowered to grant fuch Licence as aforeGtid; and if tire Number of Perfons fo approved and qualified to ad as fuch licenfed, Boatmen fhall exceed the Number preferibed by this Ad, the Names of the Perfons lb approved and qualified (hall be entered in a Book to be provided for that Purpofe, together with the times of their Approval and Examination, ia order that they may regularly fucceed by Rotation to the Vacancies that may from time to time occur of fuch licenfed Boatmen; and Licences (hall thereupon be granted to fuch Boatmen, iu fuch Order and Rotation from time to time as Vacancies aritie by Death or Forfeiture of Licences or otherwife, in order that fuch Number of licenfed Boatmen for fuch refpedive Places as aforefeid may at all times be complete.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Mayor of Dover* the Mayor of Sandwich, and the Mayor of Deal, and alio the Two fenior Juftices of the Peace for each of thofe Places for the time being, not being Commifiioners of Salvage, (hall, and they are hereby appointed jointly with the faid Commifiioners of Salvage of the Lord Warden, Commifiioners for the Purpofe of carrying this Ad into Execution within their refpedive Jurifdi&ions, and examining fuch Boatmen, and granting fuch Certificates as aforefaid to Boatmen for Licences under this Ad.

III.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the laid Commifiioners of Salvage at the refpedive Places for which they are authorised and empowered to ad as fuch Commifiioners, under and by virtue of au Ad pafled in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled jin Aft for preventing various Frauds and Depredations committed on Merchants, Ship Owners and Underwriters, by Boatmen and others, within the JurifdiBion of the Cinque Ports; and alfo for remedying certain jDcfcdts relative to the Adjuftment of Salvage, under a Statute made in the Twelfth Tear of the Reign^of Her late Majejly Queen Anne, to make Rules, Orders and Regulations for the Government of fuch Number of Boatmen to be licenfed under this Ad, as are hereafter specified, at their refpedive Places; and fuch Rules, Orders and Regulations when made, (hall be printed and put up in confpicuous JParts of the Cufiom Houfes, Piers, Harbours and Places, to which fuch Rules, Orders and Regulations apply, for the Infpedion of all fuch Boatmen and other Boatmen, and all other Perfons having occafion to employ fuch Boatmen, and all Perfons iotereited in the enforcing fuch Rule*, Orders and Regulations as aforefaid.

S f 2	IV.	And



Boatmen examined before Licence granted.

Commifllonera for examining Boatmen.

Rules for Borneo made by Commifiioners.

48 G.3, c. 130.

 UooQle

628

C.140.

53° GEO. III.

AD.1813.

Licence to Boat-men free of Strops.

Licence to de-fcribe Perfon, and produced to Officer of Cuftoms, Sec.

Licence altered or lent.

Penalty.

Provifo.

Licenfed Boat* men offending agiinft Revenue Laws.

Penalty.

Rates to Boatmen for putting Pilots'on board of Veffels t

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Licence granted or to be granted under the Authority and Provifions of this Ad, to any Boatman, (hall be fubje& to any Stamp Duty; any thing in any A& or A&s of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And be it further ena&ed. That every fuch Licence (hah be written or printed in large Chara&era, fo as to be read with great Facility by Night an well at by Day ; and every fuch Licence (hall contain a Defcription of the Perfon to whom the fame it granted, and hin Place of Refidence, and the Date of grantiag thereof, and (hall fpecify by whom the fame wan granted ; and any Boatman fo licenfed (hall, when on float, have with him his proper Licence, and (hall, whenever the fame (hall be demanded by aoj Officer of Cuflom or Excife, or the Mafter or other Perfon having the Command of any Merchant Ship or Veffel, produce the (amc for Infpe&ion: And any Boatman who (hall alter any fuch Licence, or obliterate the fame, or knowingly permit or fuffer any Alteration or Obliteration to be made in fuch Licence, or who (hall transfer or lend any fuch Licence to any other Perfon or Perfons, or who (hall refufe to produce his Licence for Infpe&ion, (hall, for every Cuch Offence, forfeit fuch Licence, or forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, at the Discretion of the hud Commiffiooers.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That no fuch Licence, or any Provifion relating thereto or contained in this Ad, in relation to any fuch Boatmen, and no Rules or Reguhfioos made under the Authority thereof, (hall have any Efiea or be deemed or conftrued to affe& or in any manner to alter or inter* fere with any Provifion, Claim, Penalty, Forfeiture, Relation, Matter or Thing contained in this A&, or in any A& paffedaod now in force, or which may hereafter be paffed, for the Prevention of Smuggling; or to exempt any fuch licenfed Boatman from say of the Provifions of any fuch A&, or any A& or A&s of Parliament relating to His Maiefty’6 Cuftoms or Excife.

VII.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That if any Boat* man licenfed under the Provifions of this A&, (hall be convi&ed of any Offence againft any Law or Laws relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms or Excife, or mall be concerned in or (hall wilfully connive at any indire& Pra&ice or Frauds againft the Revenues of Cuftoms or Excife, or (hall procure, abet, connive at or participate in aoy di(hontft Spoil, Concealment, Fraud, Exa&ion or Corrupt Pra&ke, relating to Ships or Veffels, or Perfons in Diftrefs at Sea or by Shipwreck, or relating to the Tackle, Apparel, Furniture or Cannes of any fuch Ship or Veffel, or relating to the Crew or Pa&ngen belonging thereto, or the Monies, Goods or Chattels of any of them ; then and in every fuch cafe, any fuch licenfed Boatman wall, ower and above all other Punifliments^* Mul&s or Penalties, for fuch Offences forfeit his Licence, or be fufptnded from a&ing as a licenfed Boatman, at the Difcretion of the laid Commiffiooers.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That all fuch licenfed Botfmts (hall be paid the Rates now allowed for putting Cinque Ports Pilou on board Ships or Veffels, butihall not be entitled to any fuch Rites unlefs the Pilot is a&ually (hipped and put on board of fuch Ships or yeffels, and fuch Boatmen (nail be entitled to demand, have and receive the Sum of Five Shillings for every Foot of the Draft of Water of any Vcfitl piloted by them into any of the laid Harbours,

tad



A.D.1813.

sy GEO. m.

c.140.

629

and Three Shillings for every Foot Draft of Water for piloting out of any of the Taid Harbours; and fuch Payments (hall in both cafes include the Hire of the Boat and Crew in moderate Weather j but if fuch Pilotage or Afliftance (hall take place under any circum-ftances of Diftrefs, then fuch Boatmen (hall be allowed fuch Sum as the faid Commiffioners of Salvage of the Lord Warden (hall in each fuch cafe award.

* IX. And whereas Impofitions are often pra&ifed upon Paflengers

#	landed from Veffels, and Difputes often arife as to the Sums proper

*	to be paid in fuch cafesFor Remedy whereof, be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the Commiffioners of Salvage at any of the Ports and Places for which Commiffioners of Salvage fhall be appointed, upon the Application of any Boatman or of any Paffenger or Paffengars landed oy any Boatman at any fuch Ports or Places refpe&ively, to hear and in a fummary manner to fettle any Difpute which (hall arife between any fuch Boatman or PafTenger, and to fix and adjuft the Sum to be paid by fuch Paffenger or Paflengers refpe&ively, for any Service which (hall have been performed by fuch Boatman or Boatmen in the bringing on Shore or landing from any Ship or Veffel any Paffenger or Paffengers, or the Goods or Baggage of any Paffenger or Paflengers, and to make fuch Order in relation thereto as fhall appear to the faid Com-miffioners to be neceffary and proper; and fuch Commiffioners (hall for that Purpofe ufe and exercife all fuch and the like Powers and Authorities as are given to them in cafe of Salvage, by the faid recited A61 of the Forty eighth Year aforefaid.

X.	And be it further ena6ted, That no more than Two licenfed Boatmen (hall be allowed to go in each Boat; and in every cafe in which any fuch licenfed Boatmen (hall be cruifing without any Hcenfed Cinque Ports Pilot, and (hall fall in with any Ship or Veffel requiring a licenfed Cinaue Ports Pilot, One of the licenfed Boatmen (hall be left on board the Ship or Veffel wanting fuch Pilot, as a Guarantee for a proper licenfed Cinque Ports Pilot being brought or fent off the Shore to fuch Ship or Veffel 5 and the Boatman fo left (hall not be entitled to any Sum of Money or Payment for being fo left, or being on board of fuch Ship or Veffel.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed. That every fuch licenfed Boatman having a Boat, (hall caufe the Number of his Licence to be diftin6Uy painted in Figures on each Bow and Quarter of fuch Boat, and ou both Sides of every one of the Sails thereof, with the Addition

for the Dover Boats, of the Roman Letters D* R. in Black;

the Deal Boats, the Letter D. in Black; the Ram/gaje Boats,

the Letter R. in Black ; the Margate Boats, the Letter ]M. in Black, which Figures and Letters (hall be at leaft Eighteen Inches ia Length, and Twelve Inches in Breadth: And every hcenfed Boatman who (hall not have the proper Number and Mark diftindlly painted in manner aforefaid, on the Sails of his Boat, or who (hall have any Sails on board not duly numbered and marked as aforefaid, or improperly numbered and marked, or who fhall in any manner evade or attempt to evade any of the Provifions of this A6t, (hall forfeit his Licence, and alfo a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Boat or Veflel not having a licenfed Boatman on board, (haQ without lawful Authority

<51 3	carry

In cafes of Dif-trefi, fettled by Commiffioiisrs.

Commiffioners may fettle Difpute between Boatmen and Paflengers, as to Sums to be paid for landing from Ships.

48 0.3. c. 130. Licenfed Boatmen cruifing without Pilot td leave one of Hcenfed Boatmen on board of Ship at Guarantee for bringing off* Pilot.

Boats of licenfed Boatmen marked on Sails.

Penalty. Boatmen not licenfed carry-





-6jo

Ins diflingulfl/tng Marks

Penalty,

Litenftd Boatmen refufing to take off licenced Pilots.

Penalty,

Pilots nerlcfTing to go off to lefe their Turn.

Licences to continue in force during good Behaviour.

Penalties how recovered.

SI G.3.C.39.

| IO.

Privy Council empowered to fufpend Provi-fion as to a certain Number of CitHjue Ports Pilots being con-ftanily aBo.t.

.Ci4©-	53®GJEO.III.	A.D.iJrj.

carry fuch diftinguiffiing Numbers. and Marks as afQrefaid, tbe Owner or Owners, or the Matter or other Perfon having Charge of fuch Boat or Veffel difplaying or carrying any fuch Number or Mark, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Tea Pounds,

XIII.	And be it further ena&cd, That every fuch licenfed Boatman as aforefaid, who (hall, on being applied to by a licenfed Cinque Port Pilot to take him off to any Ship or Veffel, refufe fo to do, utileft prevented by Illnefs, (hall, upon due Proof thereof to the Satisfa&ion of the Commiffioners for executing this Ad, in the Place where he (hall be licenled, forfeit his Licence, aud any Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Offence.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That if any Pilot, whofe Ton it (hall be to go off on Duty, (hall refufe or negledt fo to do, on being applied to by any licenfed boatman to go off to any Ship or Veflel, fuch Pilot fo neglecting or refufing to go off to fuch Ship or Veffel, .(hall lofe his Turn, and fuch Ship or Veffel (hall be piloted by any duly licenfed Pilot who (hall firft get on board, but which (hall not be taken for the Turn of Duty of fuch laft mentioned Pilot.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That all Licences to be granted by virtue of this Ad, (hall continue in force during fo long time as the Boatmen to whom the fame (hall be granted (hall faithfully and diligently difeharge their Duty ; and no fuch Licence (hall be annulled or fufpendtd but upon fuch* Grounds of Complaint or Incapacity, Negligence or Milbehaviour, and an Order made thereon by the Commiffioners a&ing in Execution of this Ad, at a Meeting to be held for the Purpofes of the faid Ad.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures impofed by this Ad, (hall be recovered, levied and applied as any Penalties and Forfeitures may be recovered, levied and applied under the Provifions of the faid recited A & of the laft Seffion of Parliament; and all the Provifions, Claufes and Regulations in the faid Ad contained for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures, (hall be ufed, applied and enforced for the recovering, levying and applying the Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, as fully and effedually as if the fame were feverally and feparately re-enuded in and made Part of this Ad.

4 XVII. And whereas by the faid recited Ad patted in the 4 laft Seffion of Parliament, it is, amongft other things, cnafted, 4 that a proper and fufficient Number of the Cinque Port Pilots, 4 not lefs than Eighteen at any one time, and in Succeffion from 4 time to time, without Intermiffion or any unneceflary Delay, 4 (hould at all feafonable times by Day and Night conftantly ply 4 at Sea, or be afloat between the South Foreland and Dungmjh 4 to take Charge of Ships and Veffels coming from the Weftward: 4 And whereas ir may be expedient to fufpend the carrying into 4 Execution that Part of the (aid recited Ad ? Be it therefore enaded, That it (hall be lawful for His Majefty in Council by any Order or Orders made for that Pu^pofe, and publffhed by Proclamation in The Gazette, to fufpend fo much of the faid recited Aft as direds the Cinque Ports Pilots conftantly to ply at Sea, and be afloat, between the Diftances in the faid Ad fpesifled, either for any Period His Majefty (hall think proper, and to be in fuch cafe fpedfied

.	in







530 GEO. Eft

C. 140, *41.

(J31

In fuch Order or Orders, and Proclamation, or until any further Order of His Majefty in Council (hall be iflued for again carrying the faid Provifion of the faid recited Aft into Effeft and Exe-1 cution ; and all the Provifions, Penalties and Forfeitures in relation to fuch fpecified Number of Pilots conftantly plying at Sea, and Claufes and Regulations for enforcing the fame, fhall, upon the ifluing of fuch Proclamation, remaiu and continue fo fufpended.

XVIII. And be it further enafted, That this Aft fhall be deemed Public Aft. and taken to be a Public Aft, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being Specially, pleaded.

,	CAP.	CXLI.

,An Aft to repeal an Aft of the Seventeenth Year of the

Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An At1 for regijlering	4	c-'/f

the Grants of Life Annuities ; and for the better Protc&ion of/'	/

Infants againjl fuch Grants ; and to fubftitute other Provifions in lieu thereof.	[	14th	July 1813]

*	TY 7 HE REAS it is expedient that an Aft, pafled in the Seven- 17 G.3. c.16.

*	W teenth Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Atl for repealed, except

regijlering the Grants of Life Annuities ; and for the better Protedion, 38!? An™,t,#,s of Infants againjl fuch Grants, fhould be repealed, and other Pro* °r em ar2***

■€ vifious fubftituted in lieu thereofMay it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament .aUembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Aft fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed, fave and except, fo far as regards any Annuities or Rent Charges, which have been granted before the pafling of this Aft.

II. And be it further enafted, That within Thirty Days after the Annuities, &c. Execution of every Deed, Bond, Inftrument or other Affurance, enrolled in whereby any Annuity or Rent Charge fhall, from and after the Chancery, pafling of this Aft, be granted, for one or more Life or Lives, or for any Term of Years or greater Eftate determinable on one or more Life or Lives, a Memorial of the Date of every fuch Deed,

Bond, Inftrument or other AfTurance, of the Names of all the Parties and of all the Witneffes thereto, and of the Perfon or Perfons for whofe Life or Lives fuch Annuity or Rent Charge fhall be granted, and of the Perfon or Perfons by whom the fame is to be beneficially

received, the pecuniary Confideration or Confiderations for granting

be paid, fhall be enrolled

the fame, and the annual Sum or Sums to 1 in the High Court of Chancery, in the Form or to the Effeft following, with fuch Alterations therein as the nature and circumftanccs of any particular cafe may reafonably require :

Sf4

/■



6iz

C.141.

S J : CT3

I* j*~.? zs-f 8-SS

sj^s -

•> X M -

*V

’5 «-£*

I ^3

5 J~ va

*1 £ I 2$

a*

'o

8

B

s

a •

11

s

a

S 2

P*

J3»GE0.m.

Q

d

's's

wd

fcuX

w d

21

«• j=

* s 2 ®

§•5 'S'S *:

^qS

<Q

3

d

o

ri

o ^

8 c .

V. ^

§*%

« «*S

CU Z a «

&

o

S

•«

<n

A.n.ita

1

-•

I

u:i

wd

‘SS's . * p r

«I|! -<?« ° ^o.-

i>wI

6

•«

05

otherwise every fuch Deed, Bond, Inftrument or other Aflurancf, fhall be null and void* to all Intents and Purpofes.

Companies de- HI. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if aay Mbed^Ky their fQCh Annuity (hall be granted by, or to or for the Benefit of toy irm* Company exceeding in Number Ten Perfons, which Company fluD be formed for the Purpofe of granting or purchafing Annuities) it (hall be fufficient in any fuch Memorial to delcribe fuch Company by the ufual Firm or Name of Trade.

IV. And





A.D.i8i3«

53* GEO. Ilia

C.141.



IV.	And be it further entiled. That in every Deed, Bond, In- Naroesof Parties ftrument or other AfTurance, whereby any Annuity or Rent Charge beneficially inte-(hall, from and after the paffing of this Ad, be granted or attempted rcfted*ft*tod# to be granted, for one or more Life or Lives, or for any Term of

Years or greater Eftate determinable on one or more Life or Lives, where the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Annuity (hall be granted or fecored to be paid, (hall not be entitled thereto beneficially, the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons who is or are intended to take the Annuity beneficially (hall be defcribed in fuch or the like manner as is hereinbefore required in the Enrolment; otherwife every fuch Deed, Inflrument or other AfTurance, (hall be null and void.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons, Copies of Deed by whom any Annuity or Rent Charge, of which fuch Particulars as or Inftrumenta aforefaid are hereby required to be enrolled, (hall for the time being fecuring Annui-be payable, (hall be defirous of obtaining a Copy of every or any *“• ma7 be ob-Deed, Bond, Inftrument or other AfTurance, whereby fuch Annuity u,ned-

or Rent Charge was granted, and of fuch his, her or their Defire,

(hall give Twenty one Days Notice in Writing to the Perfon or Perfons for the time being entitled to fuch Annuity or Rent Charge, fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall, on or before the Expiration of fuch Twenty one Days, unlefs prevented by Fire or other inevitable Accident, and in that cafe if the Aflurances (hall not be deftroyed by fuch Accident, then as foon after a6 fuch Impediment (hall be removed, fend or deliver to the Perfon or Perfons requiring the fame, a Copy of every Deed,

Bond, Inftrument or other AfTurance, whereby fuch Annuity or Rent Charge was granted, or of fuch of the Aflurances as in fuch Notice (hall be required; and fuch laft mentioned Perfon or Perfons (hall, at the time of receiving the fame, pay to the Perfon or Perfons . fu mi filing the fame, a Sum after the Rate of Six pence for every One Fee. hundred Words contained in every fuch Copy, and alfo the reafonable Cofts of fending or delivering the fame; and the Perfon or Perfons holding the original Inftruments by which fuch Annuity or Rent Charge (hall be fecured (hall fuffer the Perfon or Perfons, to whom fuch Copies (hall be delivered or fent, to examine the fame with the Originals ; and in cafe fuch Copies (hall not be fent or delivered, or the Perfon or Perfons holding the original Inftruments (hall refufe to fuffer fuch Copies to be examined therewith according to the Direction in this A&, it (hall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons by whom the Annuity or Rent Charge is payable to take out a Sum- Summoos. mons from any of His Majefty's Judices of His Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, requiring the Perfon or Perfons negle&ing to fend or deliver fuch Copies, or refuting to fuffer the fame to be . examined with the original Inftrument as aforefaid, to appear before /#uch Judge and (hew Caufe in the Premifes 5 and it (hall and may be lawful for the Judge before whom fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be fummoned to make fuch Order for the Produ&ion of the Inftruments by which fuch Annuity or Rent Charge (hall be fecured, and for fuffering the Complainant to take Copies thereof, and examine the fame, or the Copies delivered with the original Inftruments, and otherwife in the rremifes, as to fuch Judge (hall feem meet.

VI. And be it further ena&ed. That if any Part of the Confedera-

tion for the Purchafe of any fuch Annuity or Rent Charge (hall be returned to the Perfon advancing the fame, or in cafe fuch Contidet*-lion, or any Part of it Audi be paid in Notes, if any of the Notes, with

the 7

In what cafes Proceedings againft Grantor of Annuity



C. 341.

53'GEO. in.

A.D.1813.

37o.

the Privitv and Confent of the Perfon advancing the fame, dull not be paid when due, or (hall be cancelled or deftroyed without being firft paid ; or if fuch Confideration is exprefled to be paid in Money, but the fame or any Part of it (hall be paid in Goads; or if the I	;	17/	ooPon^^eratlon	or	an)r Part °f it ^>e retained, on Pretence of

J * aufwering the future Payments of the Annuity or Rent Charge, or any other Pretence ; in all and every the aforefaid cafes, it (hall be lawful for the Perfon by whom the Annuity* or Rent Charge is made payable, or whofe Property is liable to be charged or affdted thereby, to apply to the Court in which any A&ion (hall be brought for Payment of the Annuity or Rent Cnarge, or Judgment entered/by Motion, to Ray Proceedings on the A6tion or Judgment, and if it (hall appear to the Court that fuch Pra&ices as aforefaid, qr any of them, have been ufed, it (hall and may be lawful for the Court to order every Deed, Bond, Inftrument or other Affurance, whereby the Anhuity or Rent Charge is fecured, to be cancelled, and the Judgment, if any has been entered, to be vacated.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed. That a particular Book (hall be " •provided and kept by the Clerks of the Enrolments in Chancery, or

their Deputy, in which fuch Particulars as hereinbefore are mentioned (hall be entered Alphabetically, by the Names of the Grantor*, in order of time as the fame (hall be brought to the Office; and the faid Clerks of the Enrolments, or their Deputy, (hall fpecify in the Book the certain Day, Hour and Time on which fuch Particulars ^re brought to the Office, and (hall grant a Certificate of the Entry thereof, when required 5 and that there (hall be paid for eveiy fuch Entry Twenty Shillings only, and the Fee of One Shilling for every Certificate and Copy given, and the Fee of One Shilling for every Search in the Office, and no more.

VIII.	And be it further ena^ed, That all Contracts for the Par-

Book kept by Clerks of Enrolments in Chancery.

Pees.

Contrails for

Purchafeof An- chafe 0f any Annuity or Rent Charge with any Perfon, being under lbn^under Age Age °* Twenty one Years, (hall be and remain utterly void; voM.	*	any	Attempt	to	confirm	the	fame	after	fucb Perfon (hall have attained

Endeavouring to the Age of Twenty one Years notwithftanding: And that if iny induce Infants to Perfon (hall, either in Perfon, by Letter, Agent or otherwife howfo-jrant Annuities. ever# procure, engage, folicit or a(k any Perfon, being under the Age of Twenty one Years, to grant or attempt to grant any Annuity or Rent Charge, or to execute any Bond, Deed or other Inftrument for fecuring the fame, or (hall advance or procure or treat for any Money to be advanced to any Perfon under the Age of Twenty one Years, upon Confideration of any Annuity or Rent Charge to be fecured or granted by fuch Infant after he or (he (hall have attained his or her Age of Twenty one Years, or (hall induce, folicit or procure any Infant* upon any Treaty or Tranfa&ion for Money advanced or to be advanced, to make Oath or to give his or her Word of Honour or fo-lemn Promife, that he or (he wil! not plead Infancy, or make any other Defence againft the Demand of any fuch Annuity or Rent Charge, or the Repayment of the Money advanced to him or her when under Age, or that when he or (he comes of Age, he or (he will confirm or ratify, or in any way fubftantiate fuch Annuity or Rent Ch«|F* every fuch Perfon (hall be guilty of a Mifdemeanor; and being .thereof lawfully convi£ted in any Court of Affize, Oyer andTermuer, -or General Gaol Delivery, (hall and toay be puniftied for the faid Offence by Fine, Imprifonment or other Corporal Punifhment, as the Court (hall think fit to award.

IX. And

M '(demeanor.

V





A	53°	GEO.	III.	0.141,142.	635

IX.	And be lit further enafted, That all and every Solicitors and Aaing as Soli-fiolioitor, Scriveners and Scrivener, Brokers and Broker, and other citors,*c. in Pesfom or Perfon, who, from and after the paffing of this Aft, fuctl cafes* ihall a(k, demand, accept or receive, direftly or indirectly, any Sum

or Sums of Money, or any other Kind of Gratuity or Reward, for

-the Soliciting or procuring the Loan, and for the Brokerage of any

{Money that (hall be actually and bona fide advanced and paid as and

Jor the Price or Confideration of any fuch Annuity or Rent Charge,

fover and above the Sum of Ten Shillings for every One hundred

bounds fo actually and bona fide advanced and paid, (hall be deemed

and adjudged guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and being lawfully con- Mifdemeanav

Tided of iuch Offence in any Court of Aflize, Oyer and Terminer,

or General Gaol Delivery, (hall and may for every fuch Offence be

punilhed by Fine and Imprifonment, or one of them, at the Difcre-

tion of the Court; and that the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have

paid or given any Sum or Sums of Money, Gratuity or Reward,

-fhali be deemed a competent Witnefs or Witneffes to prove the fame. Witneflet.

X.	And be it further enafted, That this Ad (hall not extend to Prcvifofor Scotland or Ireland, nor to aay Annuity or Rent Charge given by Scotland or Ire-Will or by Marriage Settlement, or for the Advancement of a Child, land, and An-*ior to any Annuity or Rent Charge fecured upon Freehold or Copy- nuities granted -liold or Cuftomary Lauds, in Great Britain or Ireland\ or in any of Wl

-"His Maiefty’s Poffefiions beyond the Seas, of equal or greater Annual • Value than the faid Annuity, over and above any other Annuity, and .the Intereft of any Principal Sum charged or fecured thereon, of ■which the Grantee had Notice at the time of the Grant, whereof the Grantor is feifed in Fee Simple or Fee Tail in Poffeflion, or the Fee Simple whereof in Po (lemon the Grantor is enabled to charge at the time of the Grant, or fecured by the aftual Transfer of Stock in any of the Public Funds, the Dividends whereof are of equal or greater Annual Value than the faid Annuity ; nor to any •voluntary Annuity or Rent Charge glinted without regard to pe-•cuniary Confideration or Money’s Worth; nor to any Annuity or •Kent Charge granted by“any^Body Corporate, or under any Authority or Truft created by Aft of Parliament.

CAP. CXLII.

An A£1 to explain and amend feveral Afts relative to the Land Tax.	[14th	July 1813.]

*	\\T HERE AS an Aft paffed in the Thirty eighth Year of the 38 0.3. c. j.

*	VV Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AB for granting 4 an Aid to His Majefiy by a Land Tax to be raifed in Great Britain

*	for the Service of the Tear One thoufand feven hundred and ninety

4 eighty was made perpetual by an.other Aft paffed in the fame Year, ^gG. 3.

4 intituled An AB for malting perpetual, fubjcB to Redemption and 4 Pur chafe in the manner thereinJiated, the feveral Sums of Money now

*	charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax for One Tear, from the 4 Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand ftven hundred and ninety 4 eight: And whereas Doubts have arilen whether feveral Claufes and

*	Provifion8 in the faid firft mentioned Aft, having reference to the

*	particular Year One thoufand feven hundred and ninety eight, are 4 by the faid other Aft continued and made applicable to each fub-4 fequeat Year of Affeffment refpeftively, and the Executon of fuch

Claufe*



C.f4*«

53° GEO. in.

A.D.1813-

All Matters re-

r' red to be e by firft recited Ad by CommHfionert, Afleflors, & c. (Exception)

(hall be done by them in any Year for which Afleflment made by virtue of laft mentioned Ad, 4c.

Commilfioners to caufe Two Duplicates of Afleflmenti to be made out, Ooe for Receiver General of each County, and One for Commiffion-ert for Affairs of Taxes, 4c.

*	Claufes and Provifions is thereby impeded: And whereas it » ex-

*	pedient that fuch Doubts fhould be removed and other Provifions

*	made for the better Colle&ion and Regulation of the Duties pay-

*	able under and by virtue of the faid recited Ads ;* Be it therefore enaded by the King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this Ad, all Ads, Matters and Things authorized or required to be done or performed in and by the faid firft mentioned Ad, in the Execution thereof within and for the Year One thoufand feven hundred and ninety eight, by any Commiflioners, Afleflors or Colledors (except where any fuch Matters and Things are varied or otherwise provided for in and by this Ad), may ana fhall be done and performed by them refpedively, within or for the Year in or for which any AfTdTfneat fhall be to be made by virtue of the faid laft-mentioned Ad, in like manner, and at the like times, and at the Places as were therein cfi-reded with reference to the faid Year One thoufand fcveri hundred and ninety eight; and all Matters and Things authorized or required to be done or performed in and by the faid firft mentioned Ad in the Execution thereof, at any limited time after the Year One thoufaad feven hundred and ninety eight, by the faid Commiflioners, Afleflors or Colle&ors (except as aforefaid), may and fhall be done and per* formed by them refpedively, within the like Period of time after the Year in or for which any AfTefTment (hall be to be made as aforefaid; and all Dates and Times mentioned in the faid firft recited Ad, within or during or after which or with reference to which, any of the Authorities, Powers* Provifions or Dircdions, are to be executed, which are within or are computed from the Year One thoufand fevea hundred and ninety eight, or from any Day or Time within the Year One thoufand feven hundred and ninety eight, or within any prior or fubfequent Year, with reference to the Execution of the faid Ads for the Year One thqufand feven hundred and ninety eight, (hall be conftrued to refer to the Year of AfTefTment as aforefaid, and (hall be computed within or from the Year in which any AfTefTment flail be to be made, or within any prior or Tubfequent Year, with reference to the Execution of the faid Ads for fuch Year of Afleflment, in like manner as is therein direded with reference to the Year One thou* fand feven hundred and ninety eight.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the refpedive Commiflioners for putting in Execution the faid firft recited Ad (hall, from and after the paffing of this Ad, caufe Two Duplicates of every AfTefTment to be made out on Parchment by their Clerk, within Six Calendar Months after the Twenty fifth Day of March next following the making of the faid Afleflment yearly, containing the whole Sum affefled upon each Parifh or Place, and alfo the Chriftian and Surnames of the refpedive Afleflors or Colledors, One of which faid Duplicates the faid Commiflioners fhall caufe to be delivered unto the Receiver General of each County, Riding, City, Borough, Town and Place in England, Wales and Berwick atom Tweed, or his Deputy 5 and the other of them, to be fent by the laid Commiflioners to and delivered at the Office for Taxes, for the previous Infpedion of the Commiflioners for the Affairs of Taxes, who may caufe Copies thereof, or any Part thereof, to be taken,

and



$37.

4*D*i8i3«

5 3° GEO. III.

C.14*.

mod who (hall afterwards tranfmit fuch Duplicate to the King’s Remembrancer in the Exchequer, for which laft mentioned Duplicate the proper Officer (hall give an Acquittance gratis, fo as every the laid relpe&ive Receiver General may be duly charged to anfwer their refpedtive Colledors and Receipts; and if any Clerk to fuch Commiffioners (hail negledl or refufe to make out and deliver fuch Duplicates as aforefaid within the time and in manner therein directed, or (hall wilfully make any falfe Entry, or omit any Sum or Sums in fuch Duplicates, every fuch Clerk (hall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered to The King’s Ufe, as other Penalties are recoverable by the faid recited Ads.

III. Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That, from and after the paffing of this Aft, it (hall and may be lawful for any Receiver or Receivers of Monies granted by or charged Under the faid recited Ads, or either of them, or the Heirs, Executors or Admi-mftrators of fuch Receiver, in the Account of the Monies wherewith fuch Receiver (hall be chargeable for any Year after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thouund eight hundred and ten, to fet Infuper, or charge any County, Divifion or Place in England, Hr ales or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for any fuch Monies aforefaid which (hall be in Arrear or unpaid ; provided that true and faithful Accounts of the faid Receiver for the particular Year in refpedt of which the (aid Monies (hall be in Arrear, (igned by the faia Receiver, together with all Tallies and Vouchers relating thereto, (hall be Delivered or tranfmitted by fuch Receiver, his Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, into the proper Office of the Auditor of the faid Accounts (according to the eftablifhed and accuftomed Courfe of transmitting the faid Accounts) on or before the Firft Day of Hilary Term next after the Expiration of One Year after the End of the Year for which the AfTeflment of the faid Rates and Duties (hall be payable; but on Default of the Delivery or Tranfmiffion of fuch Accounts within the times and in the manner laft aforefaid, the fame Monies, for or in refped of which fuch Infuper or Charge might or ought to have been made, (hall remain a Debt upon every fuch Receiver to be anfwered by him and his Securities, his and their Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators Lands, Tenements, Goods and Chattels refpedively.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the paffing of this Adfc, every Infuper or Charge fet upon any County, Parifti or Place for any fuch the Monies in Arrear as laft aforefaid, (hall be in force and have Effedt again ft fuch County, Parifh or Place, by Procefs from the Court of Exchequer, provided that the Accounts of the Receiver for the particular Year in which fuch Rates and Duties ought to have been paid, containing fuch Infuper, (hall be fworn and declared in the Exchequer on or before the laft Day of Eajler Term next after the time herein appointed for the Delivery of the (aid Accounts.

V.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued to repeal or alter the Powers given to the Commiffioncrs for the Affairs of Taxes, in and by an Adt palled in the Forty fifth Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to amend the feveral Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commiffioncrs for the Affairs of Tastes, fo far as

the

Penalty.

Receivers to fet Infuper Counties in Arrear on certain Condi, tion*.

Infuper in force by Procefi from Court of Exchequer.

Not to aftedt Powers given te Commiffioners of Tates for extending time for fettling Infuper3b 4S 0.3-



«38

Infuprn made in purfuancc of Accounts of Receivers for Year commencing March 25,1810, or for any previous Year fince 1798, and tranf-mitted to Auditors, in force.

CofleAors refuf-ing to attend Commiliioners and not anfwer-ing lawful Quef-tions.

Penalty.

C.142.	530	GEO.	III.	AJD.iSijr

the fame relate to extending the time for fettling lufupen hjr Receivers General, in the particular cafes and in the manner deferibed and authorized in and by that Aft.

* VI. And whereas Doubts have arifen whether the Claufes and c Provifions contained in the faid recited Aft, limiting the time for « fetting lnfupcrs in the Accounts of the Receivers of the faid Rates

*	and Duties for the Year One thoufand feven hundred and ninety c eight, can be extended or applied to the Accounts of the (aid

*	Receivers for the Year commencing the Twenty fifth Day of « March One thoufand eight hundred and ten, and to prior Years f fince the faid Year One thoufand feven hundred and ninety eigh^

*	and it is expedient to remove fuch DoubtsBe it therefore further enafted, That all lnfupcrs and Charges fet or made, or u> be fet or made, in or in purfuance of the Accounts of any Receiver or Receivers of the faid Rates and Duties for the Year commencing the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and tea* or for any other Year or Years previous thereto commencing as aforefaid, fince the faid Year One thoufand feven hundred and ninety eight, which have been delivered or tranfmitted to the Auditor of the faid Rates and Duties at any time before the palling of this Aft, or which fhall be delivered or tranfmitted within the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the pafling of this Aft, fhall be in force and have effeft to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the faid lnfupcrs or Charges were fet, and the Accounts relating thereto were declared and pafled within any time or times after the Expiration of the Year of AfTefTment, as is or are prefeibed by the laid recited Afts with refpeft to the AfTefTment for the Year One thoufand feven hundred and ninety eight.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Colleftor of the Duties payable under and by virtue of the faid recited Afts, being duly fummoned or called before them in the manner thereby direfted, (hall refufe to attend fuch refpeftive Commiffioners, or (hall not anfwer all fuch lawful Queftions as (hall be demanded of him by fuch Commiffioners touching the Execution of his Office as Colleftor, or (hall refufe or negleft to produce to them the Certificate of ASeffi ments. Accounts or Vouchers of the Receipts or Payments of the faid Duties by him as fuch Colleftor, every fuch Colleftor (hall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be charged upon him in any AfTefTment to be made upon him under and by virtue of the faid recited Afts, and to be recovered as fuch AffcfTments may be re* covered over and above any Forfeiture or Difablity that may be incurred by virtue of any Aft or Afts for detaining Monies of the faid Duties in his Hands contrary to fuch Aft or Afts ; and when* ever any Monies of the faid Duties (hall be detained in the Hands of any Colleftor or Colleftors, or any Penalty or Penalties impofed on any Colleftor or Colleftors (hall remain Unpaid, and the fame or any Part thereof cannot be recovered by or under the Warrant or Authority of the refpeftive Commiffioners, or the faid Commiffioners tbafl negkft to iffue fuch Warrant, then fuch Part thereof as cannot be fo recovered, which (hall have arifen from the faid Duties, (hall be recoverable as a Debt upon Record to His Majefty, his Heim and Succefiort, with all Coils and Charges attending the fame; and fuch Fart thereof which (hall arife from any Penalty as aforefaid, may be recovered by Aftion or Information, as Penalties may be recovered





530 GEO. III.

0.142,143.

by the faitJ recited Aft# or either of thtvn, with full Cofts of Suit 5 and the Sum' fo recovered (hall be paid to the Receiver General, in Aid of the Parilh or Place anfwerable for the fame.

VIII.	And be it further enn&ed, That no Stamp Duty (hall be charged or chargeable for anf Receipts given by any Receiver General of the Duties payable under and by virtue of the laid recited A6ts, to any Colle&of for Payment of Money made by virtue of the faid Afts or this Aft; any Statute to the contrary thereof notwith-ftanding.

• IX. And whereas by tbe faid firft recited Adi pafTed in the 4 Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of Hie prefent Majefty, the

*	Commifltoners for putting in Execution that Adi are empowered 4 to feifce and fecure and to Tell and difpofe of the Copyhold Eftates of

*	Collectors under that Aft neglefting to pay Sums of Money by them € received ; but no Provifion is made by the faid A6t for the manner 4 of Sale or Transfer of the faid Copyhold Eftate, or for the Ad-

*	million of the Purchafers thereofBe it therefore enafted, Tha: the Commiffioners for putting in Execution the feveral Adis relating to the Land Tax (hall, from and after the paffing of this Adi, make Conveyance of all fuch Copyhold Eftates to the refpedlive Purchafers thereof by Deed indented between 3ny Two or more of the faid Commiffioners and the faid Purchafers refpedtively, and fuch Sale (hall be effedtual to all Intents and Purpofes, in like manner as the Sale of Copyhold Eftates of Bankrupts, under and by virtue of Statutes relating to Bankrupts or any of them, by Deed indented and inrolled 2 Provided always, that fuch Pcrfon or Perfons to whom any fuch Sale of Copyhold Lands (hall be made, (hall, in like manner as the Purcbafer or the Copyhold Eftates of Bankrupts, before fuch time as he or they or any of them (hall enter or take any Profit of the faid Lands or Tenements, agree and compound with the Lords of the Manors of whom the fame (hall be holden, for fuch Fines or Incomes as heretofore hath been mod ufual and accuftomed to be yielded or paid therefore 5 and that upon every fuch Agreement or Compofition the faid Lords for the time being, at the next Court to be holden at or for the faid Manors, (hall not only grant to the laid Vendee or Vendees, upon Requeft, the fame Copyhold or Cuf-tomary Lands or Tenements, by Copy of Court Roll of the fame Manors, for fuch Eftate or Intereft as to them (hall be fo fold, and referting the ancient Rents, Cufloms and Services, but aifo in the fame Court admit them Tenants of the fame Copyhold or Cuftomary Lands, as other Copyholders of the fame Manors have been wont to be admitted, and to receive their Fealty, Suit or Service, according to the Cuftom of the Court of fuch Manor.

CAP. CXLIII.

An Aft to direft the Application of the Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds, and of fuch further Sums as may be granted for the Benefit of the Company of Undertakers of The Grand Canal> in Ireland.	[14th	July	1813.]

4 "^TTHEREAS a Committee of the Honourable Hoofe of Com" 4 VV mons, appointed to take into Confideration the Affairs cf 4 u The Grand Canal Company, and the State of Inland Navigation 4 in Irelandfbave reported the Expediency of recommending a

‘ Grant



Receipts given by Receiver General hoc chargeable with Duty.

38 0.3.0.5.

I ny-

Manner of Sale or Transfer t>f Copyhold Eftate* of Colle&ors ne-gle&'ng to pay Money received by them.



040

Lord Lieutenant may dire& 5opool.to be iflued out of Consolidated Fund far Benefit of Grand Canal Company.

Company (ball fet apart, out of their Funds, a Sum equal to One third of all Sums to be advanced to them; tbe whole to be applied in Liquidation of their Debts.

c.143.	S30	geu. hi.	AJJ.1&13.

*	Grant of the Sum of One hundred and fifty thoufand Pounds,

*	Irijb Currency, upon certain Conditions, to be applied to the

*	Liquidation of the Debts of the faid Company: And whereas in

*	pursuance of the faid Report, the Commons of the United Kingdom,

*	in Parliament aflembled, have refolved to grant to His Majefty, in

*	the prefent Year, a Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds, Irijb Currency,

*	to be applied, upon certain Conditions for the Benefit of the Com-

*	pany of Undertakers of The Grand Canal) in Ireland :* May it pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisprefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That at any time after the palling of this Ad, by or out of fuch Monies as (hall at any time or times remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, or of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland (after paying or referving fufficient to pay all fuch Sum and Sums of Money as have been direded by any former Ad or Ads of Parliament to be paid out of the fame), there (hall and may be iflued, by Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, as he or they fhall think fit, from time to time, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds, to the Treafurer of the laid Company of Undertakers of the Grand Canal in Ireland, to be by the laid Treafurer of the faid Company applied in the Liquidation of the Debts of the faid Company, in luch manner as the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland for the time being, or the Commiffioners for executing the faid Office of Lord High Treafurer, or any Three or more of them, fhall dired and approve ; and alfo fubjed to and under fuch Diredions and Provifions as are contained m this Ad ; and the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, or the Commiffioners for executing the faid Office of Lord High Treafurer, or any Three or more of them for the time being, is and are hereby authorized to iflue the faid Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds Irijb Currency accordingly.

* II. And whereas one of the Conditions upon which the laid Com-

*	tnittec of the Honourable Houfe of Commons recommended the

*	Advance of the faid Sum of One hundred and fifty thoufand Pounds,

*	is, that the faid Company fhould themfelves advance the Sunt of

*	Fifty thoufand Pounds 5 the Whole of both the faid Sums to be

*	applied, in fimilar Proportions, to the Liquidation of the Debts of € tne faid CompanyBe it therefore enaded, That before any Part of ^he faid Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds, to be iflued under the Authority of this Ad, in the prefent Year, or any further Sum of Money to be granted on account of the faid Sum of One hundred and fifty thoufand Pounds, £0 recommended to be advanced as afore-faid, fhall be iflued or paid over to the faid Company, or to their Treafurer, or any Perfon for their Ufe, the faid Company fhall fet apart, out of any Funds, Monies or Securities, belonging to the faid Company, a Sum of Money equal to One thiid Part of ltich Sum as Audi from time to time be direded to be iflued for the Ufe of the faid Company ; and the fame (hall be placed in the Bank of Ireland) in the Names of the Commiffioners of the Treafury of Ireland) and of the Treafurer of the faid Company; and the laid Company fhall apply fuch Sum of Money fo fet. apart, together

13	with





tf4r

-A.D.1813.

53* GEO. IIL

C.14J.

with fuch Sam as (hall at any time be fo iflued to the find Company, an the Payment or Liquidation of fuch Debts of the faid Company, and in fuch manner and at fuch times, and in fuch Proportions and under fuch Regulations, as the faid Commiffioners of the Treafury, or any Three of them, (hall, upon Representations to be made to them, on Behalf of the faid Company, think fit from time to time, to order, direct and approve.

III.	And be it further enafted, That the Book keeper. Accountant Book keeper of

or other proper Officer of the faid Company, (hall, once in every Cmnpany to Half Year ending the Twenty eighth Day of February and the °®f Thirty firft Day of Augufl refpeftively, make out and prepare a full Jn^fend CopU* and complete Statement of the Accounts of the faid Company, by to Lord LieutZ way of Debtor and Creditor, for the Half Year ending on fuch Twenty mint and Ttt»-eighth Day of February and Thirty firft Day of Augujt refpeftively, furXJ circu-fhewtng the whole Receipts and Expenditure of the laid Company on	**>•*.#monC

account of the faid Canal, and the Charge on the faid Company, in x * refpeft of all Intereft payable on all Debts due from the faid Company during fuch Half Year, together with all other Matters necef-

ftary to (how the true State and Condition of all the Funds, Revenues,

Expenditures and Debts of the faid Company ; and the faid Book keeper. Accountant or other proper Officer as aforefaid, (hall fign his Name at the Foot of fuch Account, and (hall make Oath to the Truth thereof before any One Magiftrate for the City of Dublin ( which Oath any fuch Magiftrate is hereby empowered to adminifter); and the faid Book keeper. Accountant or other proper Officer as aforefaid, (hall Ten Days at leaft before the Day of each Half Yearly Meeting of the faid Company next after each aforefaid Twenty eightn Day of February and Thirty firft Day of Augujl refpeftively, caufe Two written Copies of fuch Accounts figned by the faid Book keeper, Accountant or Officer as aforefaid, and attcfted by the Ma-giftrates before whom Oath (hall be made of the Truth thereof as aforefaid, to be delivered, One at the Office in Dublin of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and the other at the Office in Dublin of the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland> or of the Commif-fioners for executing the Office of the Lord High Treafurer; and the laid Book keeper. Accountant or other proper Officer as aforefaid,

(hall alfo caufe printed or written Copies of eveiy fuch Account to be circulated among the Proprietors of the Joint Stock of the faid Company, and to be ready to be delivered to all and every fuch Pro-• prietors and Proprietor as may demand the fame at the Office of fuch Book keeper. Accountant or other Officer in Dublin, at any time within Ten Days before the Day of fuch following Half Yearly Meeting as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further enafted* That, from and after the pading Ho Dividends of this Aft, no Dividend for Payment of or from, or on account of or made except of under Pretext of any Profits refulting from the faid Canal or other- clear Profits afi-wife, to the faid Company, or to the Proprietors of the Joint Stock ** ^•y,n«nt of the faid Company, (hall be made or paid, or diftributed to or

among the faid Proprietors, or any of them, except only of and from rf fuch aftual dear Profits as (hall arife in any Half Year after the paffing of this Aft to the faid Company, from the Receipt of the *

Tolls and Duties, and other Property veiled in them by Law, after paying or providing for all Expences of maintaining and keeping up 53 Gao. III.	T	t	the



C.I43*

53" GEO. HI.

A.D.1813*

Company not to borrow Money on Loans without Confent of Lord Lieutenant and Treafury.

the faid Canal, and alfo the Intereft of all Loans and Debts con-trafted or to be contrafted by the faid Company ; and that all fuch Expences, and all Intereft of fuch Debt, mall be fully paid or provided for before the declaring any fuch Dividend by the Direftors of the faid Company, or the making of fuch Dividend by the faid Company.

V.	And be it further enafted, That, from and after the paflBng of this Aft, it (hall not be lawful for the faid Company, or the Directors thereof, to borrow or take up at Intereft any Money, by Loan or on Debentures, upon the Credit of the faid Canal, or of the Tolls payable in refpeft thereof, or of the Eftate of the Company therein, or on any other Security, or in any other manner howfo-ever, without the Confent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and of the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, or the Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer, or any Three of them for the time being, in Writing firft had and obtained under his and their Hands and Seals refpeftively; and that any Loan made or Debentures iflued without fuch Confent and Approbation fignified as aforefaid (hall be null and void; any thing in any Charter, Bye-Law or Aft of Parliament, or any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That within Two Calendar Months after the palling of this Aft, the Direftors of the faid Company (hall inveft or caufe to be invefted, in Funds transferrable at the Bank of Ireland, or in other Government Securities, the fuO Sum of Thirty thoufand Pounds Irijh Currency, for the Purpofe of providing for the Expences to be incurred by any unforeseen or fudden Accidents which may happen to the faid Canal, or any of the Works or Embankments thereof, or by any other Contingencies which may from time to time arife, in relation to the (aid Canal; and that whenever any Part of the faid Sum of Thirty thoufand Pounds Irijh Currency, or of the Funds or Securities in which the fame (hall be invefted, (hall be applied in the Payment of fuch Expences, the Amount of the Sum fo expended (hall be replaced, before any Dividend upon the Capital Stock of the faid Company (hall be made, fo that a Permanent Fund or Sum of Thirty thoufand Pounds Irijh Currency may always remain applicable, and ready to be applied in the Payment of any fuch Expences, as the fame may from time to time arife or be incurred.

1 VII. And whereas the faid Company of Undertakers of The

*	Grand Canal are at prefent poflefled of or entitled unto certain

*	Collieries and Coal Mines, with divers Lands and Hereditaments

*	connefted therewith in the Queen's County in Ireland\ whereon con-

*	fiderable Sums of Money havo been expended; and it is expedient

*	that the faid Collieries and Coal Mines, Lands and Hereditaments,

*	fhould be fold and difpofed of, as foon as poffible, and the Produce

*	of the fame applied as hereinafter mentioned J Be it therefore enafted, That all the faid Collieries and Coal Mines, Lands and'Hereditaments, and every of them, (hall be fold and difpofed of by the faid Company, as foon as a juft and fair Value can be obtained for

tuuucc a iwu ^ame> an(* t^lat ^ an(* evei7 Sum a^d Sums of Money to be pro-^Liquklation of duced by the Sale thereof, after Payment of the neceffary Expences Company's attending fuch Sale, (hall be applied by the faid Company in and Debts, Ire.	towards

jo,oool. to bs invefted in Government Securities ss a permanent Fund, to anfwer unfore-fecn Demands.

Collieries of Company in Queen's County difpofed of, and Produce applied



C. 143.	€4$

towards the Liquidation, paying off and decreahng the Debts of the faid Company, in the mod effedual and advantageous manner that can be devifed by the Diredors of the faid Company, for the time being ; and that until the faid Coal Mines and Collieries, Lands and .Hereditaments (hall be fo fold and difpofed of by the faid Company, the clear Monies and Profits of the fame, after Payment of all Ex-pences for working and managing the faid Coal Mines and Collieries,

<hall be applied by the faid Company in and towards the Liquidation, paying off and decreafing the Debts of the faid Company from time to time, fo far as the fame will extend: Provided always, that in cafe the Tolls, Rates, Duties, and other Sum and Sums of Money and Income, which fhall or may arife to the faid Company from the faid Grand Canal, fhall not be fufficient to defray the Whole of the annual Expeiices of maintaining and managing the faid Canal, and the Pay* ment of the Intereft of the Debts of the faid Company, then and. in fuch cafe it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Company to apply fo much and fuch Parts of the clear Income or Profits of the laid Coal Mines, Collieries, Lands and Hereditaments, as may be neceflary for that Purpofe, towards the Payment of the faid Expences of the faid Canal and the Intereft of the faid Debts, in Aid and fo far only as the Whole of the faid Tolls, Rates, Duties, Sum and Sums of Money and Income arifing from the faid Canal, fhall not be fufficient tor that Purpofe; and that in fuch cafe fo much of the clear Monies and Profits of the faid Coal Mines, Collieries, Lands and Hereditaments, as fhall remain, after providing for the Excefs of the Expences of the faid Canal, in Aid of the other Funds thereof as aforefaid, ft all be applied towards the Liquidation andpaying off and decreafing the Debts of the faid Company in manner aforefaid*

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That, from and after the pafling Account kept of of this Adi, the Book keeper. Accountant or other proper Officer of Ikbt paid eff by the laid Company, fhall from time to time keep a juft and exa6t ^ 0n°e* Account of all fuch Sum and Sums of Moneyas fball at any time, third of Intereft after the paffing of this Adi be applied, either from the Produce applied as a Sink, of the Sale of the faid Coal Mines, Collieries, Lands and Heredita- in* Fund to pay znents, or from the Yearly Income thereof, according to the Direc- off re«*aininx tions of this Ad, in the Payment of any Part of the Principal Debt 1 c

due and owing from the faid Company, at the time of the paffing oi this Ad, and that from and immediately after the Payment and Dif-charge of any Part of fuch Principal Debt, a Sum equal to One third Part of the Amount of the Intereft which was payable on fuch Part of the faid Principal Debt as fhall be fo paid off and difeharged, fhall be retained and relerved by the faid Company, and fhall con-ftitute a Sinking Fund at Compound Intereft, and fhall be paid and -applied to the Redudion and Redemption of the remaining Debt of the faid Company, until the Whole of the faid Debt fhall be fully -paid off and difeharged.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That if any Diredor, Treafurer, Dire&ors,*c.

Accountant, Book keeper or other Officer of the faid Company of	to

Undertakers of The Grand Canal $ or any Proprietor of the Joint obeI Stock of the (aid Company, fhall refufe or wilfully neglect to do any

matter or thing required to be done, or to obferve and comply with any Diredion or Regulation required to be obferved by him or them under this Ad, or mall do any thing contrary to the Dircdions of this Ad, whereby the Intent and Purpofe of this Ad; aud of the

Tt 2

Pro*



C. 143, 144.

33* GEO. m.

AJD.I813.

Ttuiitj.

40O.3. (I.) c.51.

Hi-

Lord Lleute-R4iit may direA Treafury to raife Money for Pnrchafe of In-tercfti of Lune-jrick Navigation Company, which (ball be transferred to Inland Navigation Directors.

Provifions therein contained, (hall be firuftrated or rendered inefiedive, or the Operation of this Ad (hall be delayed or prevented, every fuch Diredor, Treafurer, Accountant or other Officer of the faid Company, and every Proprietor of fuch Joint Stock, fo wilfully neglcd-ing or refufing to ad, or fo a&ing contrary to this Ad, (hall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by any Perfon who will fue for the fame in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record in Dublin, by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no E(Totn, Protedion or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance (hall be allowed; and after Judgment for fuch Penalty again (I any Diredor, Treafurer, Accountant, Book keeper or other Officer of the faid Company, fuch Diredor, Treafurer, Accountant, Book keeper or other Officer (hall forfeit and lofe fuch his Place or Office, and (hall be ipfo faQo deprived of the fame; and (haH be, and is hereby declared to be incapacitated from holding or exercifing the fame, or of being again eleded thereto ; any Eledion, Appointment, Charter, Law, Statute or Ufage notwithftanding.

CAP. CXLIV.

An A£k to amend an A& of the Parliament of Ireland of the Fortieth Year of His prefent Majefty, for promoting Inland Navigation in Ireland.	[14th July 1813.]

•	YT7HEREAS by an Ad pafled in the Parliament of Ireland 4 VV in the Fortieth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, b-

•	tituled An A3 for granting to His Majefty the Sum of Five hundred 4 thoufand Pounds for promoting Inland Navigation in Ireland, and 4 for the other Purpojes therein mentioned, and for authorizing the 4 raiftng of the fatd Sum by Loan ; it was, among other things, 4 enaded. That the Sum of Five hundred thoufand Pounds fhould 4 be, and the fame was thereby granted to and veiled in His Majefty, 4 to be applied to the general Syftem of Iuland Navigation in /re-4 land, and particularly to the opening a Communication between 4 Dublin and the River Shannon^ and to the rendering the Shannon 4 navigable from Lough Allen to the Sea, the faid Sum to be raifed 4 in manner direded by the faid recited Ad ; and it is highly expe-

•	dient for carrying into Effed the Purpofes of the faid Ad, that € fo much of the faid Sum of Five hundred thoufand Pounds as 4 has not been appropriated or fupplied to the Purpofes of the faid 4 Ad, and as may be fufficient for the Purpofe, (hould be applied 4 in purchafing the Interefl of the Limerick Navigation Company

•	in the Navigation and Works now veiled in and belonging to the 4 faid Company;’ Be it therefore enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords

S>iritusl and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament emblcd, and by the Authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to dired the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland or the Commiflioners for executing the faid Office, to raife and borrow under any of the Powers given by the faid recited Ad, fuch Sum and Sums of Money as may be requifite for the Pm chafe of all the Intereft of the faid Company in the faid Navigation, and to pay and apply fuch Sum accordingly in fuch Purchafe according to fuch Orders as the Lord

LicU-

 CjOOQle

A.D.i8rj.	53"GEO.IIL	C. 144, 145.	64$

Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being (hall iflue for that Purpofe, and that immediately upon fuch Purchafe being completed, all Right and Intereft of the laid Compaify in the laid Navigation (hall be transferred, and conveyed to apd veiled in the Diredors of all Works relating to Inland Navigation in Inland for the time being, appointed under and by virtue of the faid Ad; and the faid Navigation, and all Tolls and Funds, and all Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments belonging to the fame, ihall be and become and remain veiled in the faid Diredors, in like manner as in and by the faid recited Ad is direded with refped to Navigations carried on and executed by means of Public Grants, and with all fuch Powers and Authorities for carrying and managing the faid Navigation as are now veiled in the faid Lhneriei Navigation Company, and as by the faid recited Ad are given to the laid Directors with refped to any Navigations by the faid A61 veiled in them, fubjed neverthelefs to the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and of the Lords Commiffioners of the Treafury in fuch cafes as in the laid A61 are mentioned and fpecified.

• II. And whereas Difficulties have arifen and may from time 4 to time arife in bringing and defending Adions, ana in carrying -• * on Profecutions with refped to Matters entrufled to the faid

*	Diredors of all Works relating to Inland Navigation in Ircland%

4 under the faid recited Ad of the Fortieth Year of His Majefly’s 4 Reign, or any other Ad, inafinuch as by Law the faid Diredors 4 muff at prefent in all cafes fue and be fued, by their feveral and

*	diftind Names and Defcriptions Be it therefore enaded, That, Mfcutioat

from and after the paffing of this Ad, all Adions and Suits to be	***

commenced or inllitutedl>y or 00 Behalf of or againft fuch Diredors d#”nd#*

of all Works relating to Inland Navigations in Ireland, now or hereafter for the time being, (hall and lawfully may be commenced and inftituted and profecutea by or againft and in the Name of the Secretary for the time being of the faid Diredors, and that all Profecutions to be brought or inftituted by or on Behalf of the faid Diredors, for Fraud upon or againft or for Embezzlement, Robbery of or Stealing the Property of the faid Diredors, or for any other Offence committed againft or with Intent to injure or defraud the laid Diredors, Ihall and may be lawfully brought or inftituted and carried on in the Name of the Secretary for the time being of the faid Diredors, and any Offender or Offenders may thereupon be lawfully convided of any fuch Offence, and the Death, Refignation or Removal, or other A& of fuch Secretary for the time being, (hall not abate any fuch Adion, Suit or Profecution.

CAP. CXLV.

An Ad to amend the feveral Ads for regulating the Diftillation of Spirits in Ireland.	[20th July 1813.]

*	TT 7 HE REAS it is expedient to make more effedual Provifione 4 VY for the regulating the Diftillation of Spirits in Ireland;*

Be it therefore enaded by the King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament r.ffembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That whenever any Diftiller from Com or ABowtnce it

T t 3	Grain,	Officer cbufitf

*4*

Diftiller with Duty or Exctfs of Spirits over Still Cliarge,

DiftiUer declaring fuch Excels, charged only withJialfDuty.

Provifo.

D’riltllers not to fecurc Eactfs of

C. 145.	530	GEO. III.	AJU.itiy

Grain, or from Sugar, in Ireland, over and above the refpe&ive Quantities of Spirits for which fuch Diftiller is chargeable by Law, in refpeft of each and every Still, according to the Content thereof, and according to the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for each fuch Still, for any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, (hall alfo be charged with and (hall pay the full Doty for as much more Spirits as might be produced, according to the Rates eftablifhed by Law, from all Pot Ale, Wafh, Low Wines or Singlings, which fuch Diftiller (hall have a&ually diftilled within fuch Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Day6, then and in fnch cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the Surveyor and Guager in Charge of the Diftillery of fuch Diftiller, or other Officer of Excife making fuch Charge on fuch Diftiller, to be paid and allowed, and to receive as a Recompence for the Performance of their Duty, any fuch Sum, being a Proportion of fuch Duty for fuch further Quantity of Spirits charged on and paid by fuch Diftiller, as the Commiffioncrs of Inland Excife and Taxes (hali by and with the Confent of the Lord High Treafurer, or the Commiffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, think proper to order and dired; and fuch Sum (hall be paid to fuch Officers, or any of them, at fuch time, and in fuch manner, and in fuch Proportions, as the faid Coo. miffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, by and with fuch Confent as aforefaid, (hall from time to time order, dired and appoint.

II.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That if any Diftiller who (hall have actually dittilled, within any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, any Quantity ot Spirits from Corn or Grain malted or unmalted, or from Sugar, over and above the Quantity for which fuch Diftiller (hall have been charged and chargeable by Law, according to the Content of each and every Still, and according to the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for fuch Still, (hall from time to time have duly (hewn and declared, or caufod to be (hewn and declared, to the Officer in Charge of the Diftillery, the full Quantity of fuch Excefs of Spirits fo a&ually diftilled within fuch Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, then and in fuch cafe the Officer in Charge of fuch Diftillery (hall charge fuch Diftiller with a Duty on every Gallon of fuch Excefs of Spirits fo declared and (hewn, equal to One Half only of the Duty charged on and payable for every Gallon of fuch Spirits with which fuch Diftiller (hall be chargeable according to the Content of fuch Still, and the Number of Charges of Low Wines and Singlings; and fuch Charge of One Half Duty on fuch Excefs of Spirits (nail be paid in fuch manner, and under fuch Rules and Regulations, as srt required with relation to the full Duty on all fuch Spirits with which fuch Diftiller (hall be chargeable according to the Content of the Still, and the Number ot Charges of Singlings or Low Wines, by any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland relating to the Duty on fuch Spirits: Provided neverthelefs, that in cafe the Quantity of fuch Excefs of Spirits fo (hewn and declared, (hall be lefs than

•	the whole Quantity of fuch Excefrf of Spirits adually diftilled by fuch Diftiller, fuch Diftiller (hall be liable to and (hall be charged with aud (hall pay the full Duty for the whole of fuch Excefs, 11 if

*	no Part of inch Excefs had been (hewn or declared.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded. That it (hall not be lawful for any Diftiller to fecure any Part of any fuch Excels of

Spirits





A.JLM813.	53°UJiU*11L	,C.145-

Spirits as aforefcid in any of His Maiefty’s Warehouses or Stores, under or by virtue of any A& or A&s in force at the time of the palling of this Ad for the Warehoufmg of Spirits; and that all Spirits which at any time after the palling of this Ad lhall be iecured in Warehouse without Payment of Duty lhall, upon being taken out of fuch Warehoufe for Home Confumption, be charged with and pay the full Excife Duty of Five Shillings and Six pence Briti/h Currency for every Gallon thereof 5 and that no Diftiller or other Perfon who lhall export any Spirits made or diftilled from Corn or Grain in Ireland, which lhall not have been warehoufed, lhall be entitled to or lhall receive any Drawback whatever on the Exportation of any fuch Spirits, unlefs fuch Diftiller or Perfon fo exporting fuch Spirits lhall prove to the Satisfaction of the Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, upon Oath or otherwife as the faid Com-miffioners lhall dired and require, that all fuch Spirits fo exported have adually paid the full Excife Duty of Five Shillings and Six

5>ence for every Gallon thereof 5 and fuch Drawback on all Spirits o exported lhall be paid under fuch other Rules and Regulations as the faid Commiffionera of Inland Excife and Taxes lhall from time to time think fit to make relating thereto.

IV.	And, for the better fecuringthe Ufe of Malt in the making of Spirits, and the Payment of the Duty on all Malt fo ufed, be it enaded, That, from and after the palling of this Ad, the Officer in Charge of the Diftillery of any Diftiller for the diftilling of Spirits from Com or Grain malted or unmalted lhall at the End of every Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, while any Still of any fuch Diftiller lhall continue or be prefumed to continue working, or lhall by Law be chargeable as working, call upon fuch Diftiller %o produce and deliver, and fuch Diftiller (hall accordingly produce ana deliver, or caufe to be produced and delivered to fuch Officer, pn any Day to be appointed by fuch Officer, after the Monday in the Fourth Week of each fuch Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Day8, an Account of the Quantity of Malt adually mafhed or brewed by fuch Diftiller within the Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days ending immediately before fuch Monday, together with Permits or Certificates for the permitting of fuch Quantity of Malt into the Malh Keeve of fuch Diftiller; and if upon fuch Account, and the Permits and Certificates delivered therewith, it lhall appear that the Quantity of Malt fo adually mafhed or brewed by fuch Diftiller lhall be lets than after the Rate of One Barrel of Malt for every Eighteen Gallons of Spirits for which fuch Diftiller (hall have been charged and chargeable with the Duty within fuch Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, every fuch Diftiller lhall, for every Barrel of fuch Deficiency of Quantity of Malt, forfeit and pay the Sum of Nineteen Shillings and Six pence Brhifb Currency, ana fb in Proportion for any greater or Ids Quantity than a Barrel; and if fuch Diftiller lhall retufe or negled to produce and deliver fuch Accounts or fuch Permit or Certificates as aforefaid, or to caufe the fame to be produced and delivered to fuch Officer, fuch Diftiller lhall for every Eighteen Gallons of Spirits for which fuch Diftiller (hall have been charged and chargeable, within fuch Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, forfeit and pay the Sum of Nineteen Shillings and Six pence Briiijh Currency ; One Third Part pi which faid feveral Forfeitures lhall be paid and diftributed to the

T t 4	Officer

647

Spirits in King’s Warehouses. Diftillers to pay Duty before Removal from Warehoufe; and give Proof of Payment of Duty previous to Drawback oil Exportation being allowed.

Diftiller to deliver Monthly Aceount and Permits for Malt ufed, if not after the Rate of One Barrel for every Eighteen Gallons of Spirits.

Penalty.

Penalty.



A.D.i8t3«

CommHBocurt •ppljrio* znd n* miuing Petukttt.

h what cafa Dif-tiller not chirge-aWa tor Deficiency of Malt in laft Month of working.

Dtftillcn to verify Accounts of Malt.

Account of Malt confumod exceeding De-ertafe of Stock.

Penalty.

Spirits diftilled in Soils of any Size may be warcboufed, without Payment of Duty, tinder Order of Board of JUdfe, with Coolant ef Treafury.

C. 145.	53°GEO.!IL

Officer or Officers in Charge of foch Diftillery, and the other Two Third Parts thereof (hall, by the Collector to whom the fame (hall be paid, be placed to the Account of the Duties on Malt payable

in Ireland.

V.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That in any cafe where the Commiffioners of Excife may confider that the Officer ought not to receive the faid One Third Part of the faid Penalty of Nineteen Shillings and Six pence, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Com-miffioner8 either to remit fuch One Third Part of the (aid Penalty, or to direct that the whole of the (aid Penalty of Nineteen Shilling* and Six peoce (hall be placed to the faid Account of the Duties on Malt payable in Ireland.

VI.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That if by the Accounts and Permits to be produced by fuch Diftiller at the End of the laft Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days of the whole of any time during which any Still or Stills of fuch Diftiller (hall by Law be chargeable as working, and by the Permits and Certificates to be delivered with fuch Accounts, as compared with the Accounts and Certificates and Permits previoufly delivered, it (hall appear that the Quantity of Malt a&ually raafhed or ufed by fuch Diftiller during the whole of the time that the Still or Stills of fuch Diftillers have been fo chargeable by Law as working, (hall be equal to or (hall exceed the Rate or Proportion of One Barrel of Mak for every Eighteen Gallons of Spirits for which fuch Diftiller (hall have been charged and chargeable with Duty within the whole of fuch time of working, fuch Diftiller (hall not be liable to any fuch Penalty of Nineteen Shillings and Six pence, in refpe& of the Quantity of Spirits diftilled, or the Quantity of Malt ma(hed or brewed within fuch laft Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days although the Quantity of Malt fo ma(hed or ufed within fuch Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days (hall be lefs than the Rate or Proportion aforefaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Diftiller, by whom or on whofe Behalf fuch Account (hall be produced, (hall, if thereto required by the Officer to whom the fame (hall be tendered, make Affidavit (or folemn Affirmation, if a Quaker) to the Truth of fuch Account, before the Colle&or of the Diftritt; and on Default or Refufal of fuch Diftiller fo to do, fuch Account (hall not be received by fuch Officer; and if any Diftiller (hall infert in any fuch Account a greater Quantity of Malt, as being maffied or ufed or confumcd by fuch Diftiller, within the Period mentioned in fuch Account, than fuch Quantity as (hall appear to have been decreafed within the faid Period in the Stock Account of the Malt made or received by fuch Diftiller, every fuch Diftiller (hall, for every Barrel of fuch Excefs of Malt, forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings, and fo in Proportion for any greater Quantity than a Barrel.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That, from and after the paffing of this A&, it (hall and may be lawful for every Diftiller or Maker of Spirits from Corn or Grain, malted or unmalted, in Ireland, who is or (hall be licenfed to keep a Still of any Content whatsoever, to warehoufe fuch Spirits, without Payment of Duty of Excife chargeable thereon, in any of His Majefty's Warehoules or Stores in any Port in Ireland\ in which, or ia the Diftri& iu which fuch Port fhau

be

649

A.D.i8i3*	53°GEO.in.	C. 14J.

be fituated, foch Still (hall be licenfed by the Commifiioners of Inland Excife and Taxes ia Irelandy or in any of His Majefty’s Warehoufes or Stores in any Town in Ireland at which the Office of the Colledor of Excife for the Diftri&s (hall be he!dy and alfo in His Majefty’s Warehoufes or Stores at fuch other Places in Ireland as the faid Com* miffioners of Inland Eacile and Taxes, by and with the Confent of the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, or the Commiflioners for executing the faid Office of Lord High Treafurer, (hall dired and appoint; any thing in any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland to the contrary in any wife notwithftandmg, in like manner, and under and fubjed neverthelefs to fuch Rules and Regulations, Provifions, Penalties and Forfeitures, and modes of Recovery thereof, a9 are provided, mentioned and contained in an Ad made in the lad Seflion of Parliament, intituled An A3 to Provide for regulating the IVarebouJtrg Spirits diflilledfrom Corn in Ireland, for Exportation, without Payment of the Duty of Excife chargeable thereon ; and to transfer the Cu/lodt of Spirits fo wareboufedy from the CommiJJioners of Cutloms and Port Duties in Ireland, and their Officers, to the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, and their Officers, or in any other A A or Ads in force in Ireland at or immediately before the paffing of this Ad, with refped to the Warehoufing of any Spirits, and to the Exportation of the fame, or to the taking of the fame out of Ware-iioufe for Home Confumption; and that all fuch Rules, Regulations, Provifions, Penalties and Forfeitures, (hall be applied and put in pradice, with refped to the Warehoufing of Spirits diflilled frouv Com or Grain, malted or unmalted, in Ireland9 in Stills of any Content whatever, and to the Exportation thereof, and to the taking thereof out of Warehoufe for Home Confumption, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame had been exprefsly Tepeated and re-ena&ed in this Ad, except only fo far as fuch Rules aud Regulations are altered or amended by this Ad.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe at any time after the Thirtieth Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, (hall in his or their Difcretion judge it to be for the Benefit of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, to permit the Diftillation within Ireland of Spirits from Oats, Barley or any other Corn or Grain (Wheat excepted), or from Malt, Flour or Bran, then and in fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by Proclamation or Proclamations to be iflued by and with the Advice of His Majefty’s Privy Council in Ireland, or by Order in Council to be publi(hed from time to time in the Dublin Gazette^ to permit and funer all and every Perfon and Perfons in Ireland (but not any particular Perfon or Perfons), at any time or times, not lefs than Thirty Days from the Date of fuch Proclamation or Order in Council, to make Worts or Wafh for Diflillation, and to diftill Spirits from Oats, Barley or any other Com or Grain (Wheat excepted), or from Malt, Flour or Bran; and it (hall be lawful for all and every Perfon and Perfons, from and after the time mentioned for that Pur-pofe in any fuch Proclamation or Order in Council, to make Worts or Walk for Diftillation, and to diftill Spirits accordingly ; any thing in any A St or Ads to the contrary m any wife notwithftandingr; fubjed neverthelefs to the Regulations contained in this Ad, or in

any

5*0.3. c.30.

Lord Lieutenant may permit di(tilling from Corn at any time after 30th Auguft 1813.

 v^.ooQle



Ftijury.

Subornitioo of Peijury.

In cafe of Accident* ekherin Malt or Sucar Di(liUenes,Oom-tnifCotiert of Excife may make Allowances.

Provifet

Penalties bow levied and paid.

X4«c 15 C

(I. Seff.+ 46 G. 3. c.

any other Ad or Ads in force for regulating the Diftillation of Spirits in Ireland.

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon who (hall take any Oath or make any Affirmation by this Ad required to be taken or made, (hall wilfully or knowingly fwear or affirm falfely therein, every fuch Perfon, being duly convided thereof, (hall fuffer the Paine and Penalties to which Perfons guilty of wilful or corrupt Perjury are or (hall be fubjed by any Law in force in Ireland; and if any Perfon (hall corruptly procure or fuborn any other Perfon or Perfons to fwear or affirm falfely in any fuch Oath or Affirmation, every fuch Perfon, being duly convided of fuch procuring or fuborning, (hall, for every fuch Offence, incur and fuffer fuch Penalties, Forfeitures, Pains and Difabilities as Perfons convided of Subornation of Peijury are refpedively liable unto by any Law in force in Ireland.

XI.	And be it further enaded. That whenever any Diftfllrr licenfed under any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland for the Diftillation from Corn or Grain, or from Sugar (hall, by any Fatality or unavoidable Accident have been prevented from diftilling any Wafli or Pot Ale from Corn or Grain malted or unmalted, or any Sugar Wafti, within the time refpedively prescribed by Law, it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland^ on Proof made to tbeir Satisfadion that the Fatality or Accident was unavoidable, and not owing to any Default or Negligence, to abate any Charge of Double Duty which may have been made on fuch Diftiller, in refped of any fuch Wa(h, Pot Ale or Sugar Wafh, not having been diftilled within the time prescribed by Law for the diftilling of fuch Wafh, Pot Ale or Sugar Wa(h refpedively; and alfo to make any proportionate Allowance to any Diftiller in Confideration of any Lofs by any Fatality or unavoidable Accident

froved as aforefaid, by which any Wafh, Pot Ale, Sugar Wafh, iOw Wines, Singlings or Spirits (hall have been deft roved ; aod alfb to abate the Quantity of Spirits wherewith any Diftiller (hall be chargeable by Law in any Period of Four Weeks, in Confideration of any Fatality or unavoidable Accident proved as aforefaid, by which fuch Diftiller (hall have been prevented from working for any time within fuch Period of Four Weeks: Provided always, that every fuch Abatement and Allowance be firft approved by the Com-miffioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer of Ireland; and that no fuch Abatement or Allowance (hall be made to any Diftiller who (hall have made any Infurancc againfl Lofs to be fuftained by any fuch Fatality or Accident, without regard being had to the Amount receivable under fuch Infurance.

XII. And be it further enaded. That all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Ad (hall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in Britijh Currency ; and (nail be raifed, levied, col-leded, paid, fued for, recovered and applied (except where otberwife direded by this Ad) in fuch manner, and under fuch Powers and Authorities, and by fuch ways and methods, and according to fuch Rules and Diredions, as are appointed, direded and exprefled for the recovering of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Ad made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, intituled An A3 for the fettling of the lx- 4 cife or ne<u> lmfojl upon His Majefly, his Heirs and Succejfors, according to the Book of Rates therein inferted ; or in and by an Ad made in the

Forty

 t^.ooQle

A.D.1813.	J3CGE0.	III.	C.i4$,	14&	$51

Forty fixth Year of Hi* prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An ABta provide for the better Estecution of the feveral ABs relating to the Re•

Denies, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland ; or in and by any other Ada or Ad in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms and Excife, or either of them, as fuHy and effedually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame were herein expreffed and enaded; Appait with the like remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the laid recited Ad of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, or any other Ad or Ads as aforefaid, is provided.

CAP. CXLVL An Ad to amend an Ad made in the Forty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft to amend the Laws for improving and keeping in Repair the Pojl Roads in Ireland ; and for rendering the Conveyance of Letters by His Majejly's Pojl Office more fecure and expeditious.	[20th July 1813.]

WHEREAS hy an Ad paffed in the Forty fifth Year of the 45	»4>

Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 to amend 4 the Laws for improving and keeping in Repair the Pojl Roads in 4 Ireland, and for rendering the Conveyance of Letters by His Maiejly's 4 Pojl Office more fecure and expeditious, it was, among other things, 5 4 enaded, that it (hall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury who 4 (haU prefent any new Road under faid Ad, to prefent to be railed * off each Barony or Half Barony through which fuch Road (hall 4 pafs, or off the County at large, if it (hall appear to them expedient,

4 the whole of the Sums neceffaiy for laying out, forming, gravelling 4 and fencing every Part of any luch new Line of Road, and making 4 Footpaths, and for repairing, gravelling, widening, fencing or 4 turning the Backs of exifting Fences to the Road, or making root-4 paths to any Part of any old Road that (hall be retained : And I <9*

4 whereas by the faid recited Ad it is alfo enaded, That it (hall and 4 may be lawful for the Owner or Occupier of any Ground, or of 4 any Houfe or Building into which any old Road is to be widened,

4 or through which any new Road is to be made under the Authority 4 of the laid Ad, or any Perfon having an Intereft in any fuch 4 Ground, Houfe or Building, to traverfe the Prefentment for roak-• ing or widening fuch Road tor Damages 5 and that the Jury which * {hall try fuch Traverfe (hall a new Verdid give, whether any and 4 what Damages (hall accrue by the Prefentment to the Traverfor or * Traverfors; and that it (hall be lawful for fuch Grand Jury to pre-* fent fuch Sum or Sums of Money fo found for Damages, or any • Part thereof, to be railed off the Barony, Half Barony, County of • a City or County of a Town, in which Inch Ground, or Houfe, or 4 other Building (hall be (ituate: And whereas fuch Damages fo * found form a component Part of the general Coft and Expence of 4 fuch Road, and it is fit and reafonable that the like Regulations 4 (hould be enaded refpeding the Prefentment of fuch Damages as * the other Expences attending the making of fuch new Road, or * widening and altering fuch old Road Be it therefore enaded by the King’s Molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

prefent

 LjOoq le

•rand Juries empowered to prefent for Da* mages accruing to Owners and Occupiers of Land, &c. to be railed off Counts at large*

Clerk of Crown to tranfmit Copies of Presentments to Lord Lieutenant, dec who (hall order Money to be advanced out of Confobdated Fuad to Trea-furer of County.

Treafurer of County to pay Money received by him to Collector of Re. venues.

Former Aft.

Treafurer may fufpend iffuing Warrant for levying Money presented.

C.14 6.	53#GEO*IIL	AJJ.iIij.

prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of tbe (sue, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County in Ireland, at any Affizes to be held after the palling of this Aft, to prefent all fuch Sum or Sums of Money as has or hare been awarded for fuch Damages and has or hare not been levied, and all fuch Som or Sums of Money as (hall hereafter be awarded for fuch Damages, to any Traverfor or Traverfors to be raifed off the County at large, or partly off the Baronies and partly off the Counties at large, at fuck Periods, and in fuch Portions, as they (hall deem proper: Provided always, that the entire Sum fo prefented (hall be dire&ed to be railed in fuch Portions as (hall caule the whole of the fame to be levied within Sis Years at mod from the time when fuch Money (hall have been prefented.

II.	And be it further enaded, That whenever the Grand Jury of any County (hall have fo prefented any Sum or Sums of Money for Damages as aforefaid, to be raifed by yearly Portions, to be levied within Six Years, the Clerk of the Crown (hall forthwith tranlmk t Copy of fuch their Preferment to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or to his or their Chief Secretary, and it (hall and may be lawful for 7fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, at his or their Difcretion, to order the Commiifionera for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, to advance and pty out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland any Sum or Sums cl Money fo prefented for Damages as aforefaid, to the Treafurer of fuch County, to be by him paid to the feveral Perfons to whom fuch Damage* have been awarded; and all fuch Money fo advanced and paid to fuch Treafurer, (hall be accounted for by him in like manner as any other Monies received by the faid Treafurer for the Ufe of the County, and all Securities given by fuch Treafurer, or os his Behalf, (hall extend equally to fuch Money as to any other Money in his Hands.

III.	And be it further enaAed, That every Treafurer of a County, receiving any fuch Money or Monies, (hall pay to the Colleftor of His Majefty’s Revenues in the DiftriA wherein tbe County Town is Situate, all fuch Sums as he (hall receive from time to time from the Baronial or other Collectors, by virtue of tbe Preferments on so* count of which fuch Money (hall have beeu advanced, until he (hal have difeharged the whole Sum fo advanced, but without Intereft for the fame.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Provifions of the laid re* cited AA, in cafe of Failure of Repayment of any Monies which msy be advanced under the laid Aft, be deemed and taken to extend to all cafes of Failure of Repayment of any Sums of Money which may be advanced under this AA.

V.	And be it further enaAed, That in cafe any Sum or Sums of Money heretofore awarded for Damages (hall have been prefented to be raifed off any Barony or Half Barony in any County, and that the fame hath not been levied, it (hall and may be lawful for tbe Treafurer of fuch Countv to fufpend iffuing his Warrant for the levy ing of fuch Money, and it (hall be lawful for the Grand Jury of fuch County, if they think fit, at the next enfuing Affizes to pretest the lame, to be railed according to the Provisions hereinbefore contained*

VI. And





A.D. 1813.	53°	GEO.	III.	C. 14 6,147.

VI,	And be it further cnaded, That when any Grand Jury in Ireland, or the General Overfeer or Overfeers appointed by them, /hall have entered into a Contrad or Contra&s with any Perfon or Per-fbns for formings gravelling, widening and fencing any fuch Line of Road, and for making Footpaths, or turning the Backs of the cxifting Fences to any Part of fuch old Roads as (hall be retained, or for building, repairing, widening or altering Bridges, Arches, Pipes, Gullets or Walls thereon, or tor lowering any Hills, or filling up, hollow or reducing any Afcent, and (hall have taken fufficient Security from fuch Contrador or Contradors, and Two Sureties by Bond and Warrant to confefs Judgment thereupon, for the due Execution of fuch Works, according to the Plans, Eftimates and Specifications annexed to fuch Contrad, and lodged with theTrealurer of the County, fuch Security for fuch Contrador (hall be approved of in mauner by the faid recited Ad direded ; and in fuch cafe it (hall not be neceflary for fuch Overfeer or Overfeers, or their Deputy or De* puties, to give Security to fuch Treafurer; any thing in the faid recited Ad to the contrary notwith(landing: Provided always, that the Treafurer (hall not pay any Money to fuch Contrador or [Con-tradora, except upon an Order of T wo or more of the General Overfeers appointed by the Grand Jury, to which (hall be annexed an Affidavit of fuch Contrador or Contradors, which (hall date, that the Part of the Work for which Payment is demanded, has been faithfully, honeftly and effedually executed according to the Terms of the Contrads ; and alfo fpecifying the Sum already received, and the Sum already expended, and like wife any Affidavit of a Deputy Overfeer, appointed by the General Overfeer or Overfeers, dating that he has carefully examined fuch Work, and that it has been faithfully, honeftly and effedually executed, in purfuance of the Terms of the Contrad, according to the bell of his Judgment and Belief.

CAP. CXLVII.

An Aft for the better fecuring the Excife Duties on Spirits in Great Britain, and for rectifying a Miftake in an Aft of the laft Seffion of Parliament for granting certain Duties on Worts or Walh made from Sugar.	[20th	July 1813.]

FOR better preventing Frauds which Diftillers may commit by privately removing and concealing Wa(h, Low Wines or Spirits, and in order that the Officer may obtain true Gauges of the lame: Be it enaded by the King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice ana Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament uffembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the Tenth Day of OQober One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, no fuch Diftiller or Diftillers in that Part of Great Britain called England, (hall, at one and the feme time, have, keep or continue in any Calk by him, her or them made ufe of as or for a Low Wine Cafk, any Low Wiues or Spirits extraded from different Stills, unlefs fuch Stills (hall have been charged with Wa(h at one and the fame time, and alfo worked off at one and the fame time, nor (hall any fuch Diftiller or Diftillers have, keep or continue in any Calk by him, her or them made ufe of as or for a Low Wine Cafk, any Low Wines or Spirits extraded from different Charges of one and the fame Still; and if any fuch

Diftiller

*53

If Contrail tittered into by Grand Jury,

See. be lodged with Treafurer, Security to him not necdTary.

Treafurer not to pay Money to Coutrador, except upon Order of General Overfeers. Ice.

Regulations as to keeping of Low Wines or Spirits of 'different Stills or of different Charger.

 L.ooQle

<*S4

Penalty.

Cafts provided for Spirits pro. duced from each Charfe of Walh

Strength c/ Spirit* triad.

Regulations for keeping Spirit Calk

C. 147,	53cGEO.in.	A-D.i8i>

Diftiller or Diftillers (haH at one and the (amt time have, keep or continue in any Caffe by him, her or them made ule of at or for a Low Wine Calk, any Low Wines or Spirits extra&ed from different Stills, unlefs fuch Stills (hall have been charged with Walh at one and the fame time, and alfo worked off at one and the fame time, or (hall have, keep or continue in any Calk by him, her or them made ufe of as or for a Low Wine Calk, any Low Wines or Spirits ex traded from different Charges of one and the fame Walh Still, then and in each and every iuch cafe fuch Diftiller or Diftillers fo offending, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

II And be it further ena&ed, That all and every fuch Diftiller or Diftillers lhall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby required to provide a proper Spirit Calk fufficient to contain the whole Quantity of Spirit? which lhall be extra&ed from the Low Wines produced from each Charge of his, her or their Walh Still or Walh Stills, and lhall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby required to run and convey into fuch Spirit Calk immediately from the Low Wine Still or Low Wiue Stills all fuch Spirits fo extra&ed ; and when and fo fooo as the whole Quantity of fuch Spirits extra&ed from the Low Wines produced from each Charge of fuch Walh Still or Walh Stills (hall be colle&ed in fuch Cafk from the Low Wine Still or Low Wine Stalls, the proper Officer of Excife lhall take a true Gauge, and try the Strength of fuch Spirits, and call and compute the lame at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and keep an exa& Account thereof; and fuch Officer of Excife lhall take fuch Gauge and try the Strength immediately on being required by any fuch Diftiller or Diftillers fo to do ; and all and every fuch Diftiller and Difr tillers lhall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby required to keep and continue in fuch Calk all fuch Spirits extra&ed from the Low Wines produced from each Charge of luch Walh Still or Walk Stills until the proper Surveyor, Superior or Officer of Excife lhall have gauged the fame and afcertained the Strength thereof; and no fuch Diftiller or Diftillers (hall at one and the fame time have, keep or continue in any Calk by hinft, her or them made ufe of as or for luch Spirit Calk as aforefaid, any Spirits extra&ed from Low Wines pro-

Juced from different Walh Stills, unlefs fuch Walh Stills lhall have een wholly charged with Walh at one and the fame time, and worked off at one and the fame time, nor any Spirits extracted from different Low Wine Stills, unlefs fuch Low Wine Stills lhall have beca charged at one and the fame time, and alfo worked off at one and the lame time with Low Wines produced from Walh of one and the fame Charge of the Walh Still or Walh Stills; and if any fuch Diftiller or Diftillers lhall negle& or refufe to provide a proper Spirit Calk fufficient to contain the whole Quantity of Spirits which lhall be extra&ed from the Low Wines produced from each Charge of his, her or their Walh Still or Walh Stills, or lhall negle& or refufe to run or convey into fuch Calk all or any Part of the Spirits extracted from the Low Wines produced from each Charge of luch Walh Still or Walh Stills as aforefaid, in manner aforefaid, or lhall negle£t or fefufe to keep or continue in fuch Calk all or any Part of the Spirits extracted from the Low Wines produced from any Charge of any foch Walh Still or Walh Stills until the proper Surveyor, Superrifor or Officer of Excife lhall have gauged tnc lame and afcertained th#

14	Strength



A.D.1813.	53°	GEO. IIL	C.147.

Strength thereof, or fhall at one and the fame time hare, keep or continue in any Cafk by him, her or them made ufe of as or for fuch Spirit Cafk as aforefaid, any Spirits extraded from Low Wines pro* duced from different Wafh Stills, unlefs fuch Wafh Still (hall have been charged with Wafh at one and the fame time, and alfo worked off at one and the fame time, or (hall at one and the fame time have, keep or continue in any Cafk by him, her or them made ufe of at or tor fuch Spirit Cafk as aforefaid, any Spirits produced from Low Wines extraded from different Charges of his, her or their Wafh Still or Wafh Stills, unlefs fuch Wafh Stills fhall have been charged with Wafh at one and the fame time, and alfo worked off at one and the fame time, or fhall have, keep or continue in any Cafk by him, her or them made ufe of as or for fuch Spirit Cafk as aforefaid, any Spirit* extraded from different Low Wine Stills, unlefs fuch Low Wine Stills fhall have been charged at one and the fame time with Low Wines produced from Wafh of one and the fame Charge of the Wafh Still or Wafh Stills, then and in each and every fuch cafe the DiffiUer or Diftillers fo offending, fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds : Provided always never- Pttwlty. thelefs, that no Difliller or Diflillers fhall be fubjed or liable to any Provif*» fuch Penalty for not keeping or continuing in fuch Cafk all fuen Spirits or Feints extraded from any Charge of any Still, until the proper Surveyor, Supervifor or Officer of Excife fhall have gauged the fame and tried the Strength thereof, if fuch Difliller fhall have given to the Officer of Excife, under whofe Survey he, fhe or they fhall be, Notice in Writing Two Hours at the lcafl of the time when fuch Spirits or Feints are to be pumped up or removed from fuch Cafk, and if the proper Surveyor, Supervifor or Officer fhall not at the time fpecified in fuch Notice, or within One Hour after, attend to gauge and afeertain the Strength of fuch Spirits or Feints in fuch Cafk ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife ootwithftanding.

III. And be it further enaded, That all and every fuch Difliller Cade provided t* and Diflillers fhall, and he, fhe and they is and are hereby alfo re- contain wboU quired to provide a proper Feint Cafk fufficient to contain the whole Q'

Quantity of Feints which fhall be produced from each Charge of his,

her or their Low Wine Still or Stills, and fhall, and he, fhe and they charge.

is and are hereby required immediately to run and convey all the

Feints which fhall be produced from each Charge of his, her or

their Low Wine Still or Stills diredly from fuch Still or Stills into

the faid Feint Cafk, and when and fo foon as the whole Quantity

of fuch Feints fhall be colleded in fuch Feint Cafk from fuch Charge

of fuch Low Wine Still or Stills, the proper Officer of Excife

fhall take a true Gauge, and try the Strength of fuch Feints, and Strength of

caff and compute the fame at the Strength of One to Ten over Feints tried.

Hydrometer Proof, and keep an exad Account thereof; and all

and every fuch Diftiller and Diflillers fhall, and he, fhe and they is and

are hereby required to keep and continue in fuch Feint Cafk all the

Feints produced from each Charge of his, her or their Low Wine

Still or Stills, until the proper Surveyor, Supervifor or Officer of

Excife fhall have gauged the fame and afeertained the Strength

thereof, and fhall diftil alTfuch Feints with and amongff the Wafte

of the next Charge, or next Charge but one, of his, her or their Regulations f<*

Wafh Still or Wafh Stills; and if any fuch Difliller or Diftillers fhall keeping fuck

negled Feint Caflu





Penalty,

Pump for empty inf Spirit and Feint Cafe fcrurtd.

Obftr u^>ing OSun.

Penalty,

In what cafe Allowance for Defidency of Spirits.

Prorifo*

C. 147.	53*	GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

negled or rvfufe to provide a proper Feint Caflt fufficient to contain the whole Quantity of Feints which (hall be produced from each Charge of hit, her or their Low Wine Still or Stills, or (hall negled or refufe immediately to run or convey into fuch Feint Calk all or any Part of the Feints which (hall be produced from any Charge of his, her or their Low Wine Still or Stills as aforefaid, in manner aforefaid, or (hall negledt or refufe to keep or continue in fuch Feint Calk all or any Part of the Feints produced from any Charge of his, her or their Low Wine Still or Stills until the proper Surveyor, Supervifor or Officer of Excife (hall have gauged the fame and ascertained the Strength thereof, or (hall negledt or refufe to dillil all or auy Part of fuch Feints with or amongft the Wa(h of the next Charge, or next Charge but one, of his, her or their Wa(h Still or Wa(h Stills, then and in each and every fuch cafe the Diftiller or Diftillers fo offending, (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and lofc the Sum of Two hundred Pounds*

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That all and every fuch Diftiller and Diftillers (hall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby required to permit the proper Officer and Officers of Excife to fecure the Pump or Pumps for emptying the Spirit and Feint Calk refpe&ively, fo as to prevent fuch Pump or Pumps from being ufed in the Ab-fenceof the Officer, and aHb to fecure the Lid or Head of the Low Wine, Spirit and Feint Calks refpe&ively; and the proper Officer and Officers of Excife is and are hereby authorized and empowered fo as to fecure fuch Lids and Pumps refpedively in fuch manner as to fuch Officer and Officers (hall feem meet for the refpcc-tive Purpofes aforefaid.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any fuch Diftiller or Diftillers or any Workman or Servant belonging to him, her or them, (hall obftruft, aflault, relift, oppofe, raoleft or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excife in the due Execution of this Ad, or of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given or granted to fuch Officer or Officer* every fuch Diftiller or Diftillers (nail, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and lofe the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds*

4 VI. And whereas according to Law as the fame now Hands,

*	Diftillers in that Part of Great Britain called England, making,

*	diftilling, extrading or producing any Quantity of Spirits exceed-4 ing the Proportion of Twenty one Gallons for every One hundred 4 Gallons of Wort or Walh brewed or made from Sugar, are bound 4 to pay Duty for all fuch Spirits as aforefaid exceeding the Pro-4 portion aforefaid, at and after the Rate of Seven Shillings and 4 Elevenpence Halfpenny for every Gallon of fuch Excefs, computed 4 at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof: And 4 whereas it may fometimes happen that from the Influence of the 4 Atmofphere on the Prooefs of Diftillation for the Converfioo of 4 fuch Walh into Spirits a lefs Proportion of fuch Spirits may be 4 produced,[and it is therefore expedient to make fuch rrovifion as is 4 hereinafter mentioned ;* Be it therefore ena&ed, That, from and after the faid Tenth Day of OQober One thoulknd eight hundred and thirteen, an Allowance (nail be made for fuch Deficiencies, and the Duty paid only on the Balance or Total of Exceffes above the Deficiencies of Produce to be afeertained yearly in the Month of Jnly9 or when fuch Diftiller (hall ceafe working: Provided always never-thelcfs, that nothing hereinbefore contained (hall extend or be deemed

or

x



A.D.t8i3»	$3*GEO. HI.	0147,14$.

or conftrued to extend to any Excels or Excefles of Spirits made, dif-tilled, extrafted or produced by any Diftiller or Diftillers who (hall he difeovered to have become Bankrupt, or to be in declining or decayed circumftances fo as to induce the Commiflioners of Excife to deem it expedient to have recourfe to the Prerogative Procefs of Extent or Diem clavjit ext remum, or to a fummary Profecution for the Recovery of the Duties for or in refpeft of any fuch Excefs or Ex-cefles of Spirits as laft aforefaid 5 any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

4 VII. And whereas by a Claufe in an Aft made in the laft SeiBon 520.3.0:3.539; 4 of Parliament, among other things, and for granting certain Duties

•	on Worts or Wa(h made from Sugar during the Prohibition of Dif-

•	filiation from Corn or Grain in Great Britain, it was enafted, that 4 that Aft (hould commence and take Effeft as to all fuch Matters 4 and Things therein contained, in refpeft whereof no fpecial Com-

•	mencement is thereby directed or provided, from and immediately 4 after the Eighth Day of February One thonfand eight hundred and 4 twelve, and (hould remain and continue in force during the Term 4 that the Diftillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain (hould be and 4 remain in force: And whereas it was by the faid Aft intended that 4 the fame (hould remain and continue in force during the Term that 4 the Prohibition of the Diftillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain 4 (hould be and remain in force, but proper Words for that Purpofe 4 were by Miftake left out of the faid Claufe, and it is therefore ex-

4 pedient to reftify the faid Miftake ;* Be it therefore enafted. That ExpUiaed. tbe faid Aft (hall be deemed and taken to have commenced and taken Effeft as to all fuen Matters and Things therein contained, in Tefpeft whereof no fpecial Commencement is thereby direfted or provided, from and immediately after the Eighth Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, and to have been in force, and fhall remain and continue in force during the Term that the Prohibition of the Diftillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain (hall be mnd remain in force; any thing in the faid recited Aft to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That all Fines, Penalties and Penaltit*how Forfeitures impofed by this Aft, (hall be fued for, recovered, levied lcntd« or mitigated by fuch means, ways or methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Weflm'tnjler; and that One Moiety of every fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture (hall be to His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who (hall inform, difeover or fue for the fame.

CAP. CXLVIII.

An Aft to provide for the more effeftually preventing the Illicit

Diftillation of Spirits in Ireland.	[20th July	1813*3

4 TXT HE REAS it is neccffary, in order to reftrain illegal Diftil-4 W lation in Ireland, that the Provifions contained in feveral 4 Afts of Parliament, for the impofing of Fines in refpeft of un-4 licenfed Stills, or Parts of Stills, or Wa(h, Pot Ale, Low Wines 4 or Singlings, being ufed or found in any Townland in Ireland,

4 (hould be revived and amended Be it therefore enafted by the 53 Gxo. III.	U	u	Koog*a





A.D-iti3*

<?5«

47	G. 3. Seff 2. c, 17.

48	G. 3. C. El.

49	3-	99.

rcj-ea^d by

5% G. 3. c.97.

revived

(Exception.)

Kb Information proceeded on,to impofe Fines, till Notice by Excife.

Flue* on Town-lends, Ice.

C. 148.	530	GEO.	III.

King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Coofeot of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, from and after the paffing of this Ad, all and every the Claufec and Pro-vilions relating to the impoiing or levying all or auy fuch Fine or Fines which are contained in an Ad made in the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 to amend an A3 made in the Forty Jixtb Tear of His prefent Majejly, for the regulating and fecuring the ColleBion of the Duties on Spirits dijitUed in Ireland ; and in an Ad made in the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majcfty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to amend the feveral Ads for the regulating and feeur* ing the ColleBion of the Duty on Spirits dijhlled in Ireland; and in aa Ad made in the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to amend the feveral ABsfor the regulating endfoenring the ColleBion of the Duties on Spirits diflilled in Ireland; and for the regulating the Sale of fuch Liquors by Retail; and which Claufes and Provifionsj by an Ad made in the Fifty ftcond Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to amend feveral ABs relating to the Revenue of Inland Encife and Taxes in Ireland, were repealed, (hall be and the fame are hereby revived, and (hall be in full force, from and after the palling of this Ad, except fo far as the fame relate to the fining of any Parifh, Manor or Lordlhip, or any other Dillrid than aTownland ; and except fo far as the faid recited Ads are altered or amended by this Ad ; and that it lhall from thenceforth be lawful for the Court or Judge at any Affizes or Prefenting Term for any County, County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, or at any Prefenting Term in the County, or County of the City of Dublin, to fine any Townland, for or in refped of any unlicenfed Still, or Part of a Still, or any Appendage to a Still, or any Worm, or any Utenfil for diftilling Spirits, or any Walh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, Which at any time, after the paffing of this Ad, (hall be ufed or found within any Townland in Ireland, in fuch Sum or Sums of Money or Penalty, as is by this Ad direded to be inflided for or in refped of the fame refpedively ; under and fubjed nevertbeleis to the Regulations relating to fuch Fines in the faid recited Ads, or any of them, and in this Ad mentioned and contained ; any Repeal, Claufe, Matter or Thing, in the faid recited Ad of the Fifty (Second Year aforefaid to the contrary in any wife not with (landing.

II.	Provided always, and be it enaded. That no Information for any Offence, for the Purpofe of proceeding to impofe any fuch Fine, (hall be received or proceeded upon, by or before any Juftice of Peace, in any County, City, County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, until Notice lhall have been given under the Hands of the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, by Publication in the Dublin Gazette, that it has betm deemed expedient by the Lord High Treafurer of Ireland, or the Commif-fioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurer, or any Three of them, upon the Rep refen tat ion of the laid Commiffioners of Inland Excife ana Taxes, that the Provifions of the faid Ads, and this Ad, Ihould be put in force within fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town refpedively, from fuch time and for fuch Period as lhall be mentioned in fuch Notice.

III.	And be it further enaded, That when under and by vwtueof the faid recited Ads of the Forty feventh. Forty eighth and Forty

ninth





AJXi8i3«	53°GEO.IIL	C.148.	659

ninth Years aforefaid, - and of this Aft, the Court at any Affizes or Prefenting Term, at any time after the paffing of this Aft, (hall be required to fine any Townland, on account of any unlicenfed Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utenfil for diddling Spirits, or any Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, having been found or ufed in any Place within fuch Townland, fuch Court (hall fine fuch Townland in the Sum of Twenty Firft Offence, five Pounds only, and no more; and in cafe, at any enfuing Affizes or Prefenting Term, the Court (hall be required on any of the faid Accounts to fine any Townland which (hall have been fo fined in the faid Sum of Twenty five Pounds on any of the faid Accounts, at any preceding Affizes or Prefenting Term, fuch Court (hall find fuel*

Townland in fuch Second Indance, in the Sum of Forty Pounds; Second Offence.

and in cafe at any enfuing Affizes or Prefenting Term, the Court

(hall be required on any of the faid Accounts to fine any Townland

which (hall have been fo fined in the Sum of Forty Pounds on any of

the faid Accounts, at any preceding Affizes or Prefenting Term, iuch

Court (hall in every fuch Indance fine fuch Townland in the Sum of

Sixty Pounds ; and all fuch Fines of Twenty five Pounds, Forty Third Offeace.

Pounds and Sixty Pounds refpeftively, (hall be levied and recovered,

and didributed, in fuch manner and Proportion, and by fuch ways

and means, and under all fuch Rules and Regulations, as by the faid

recited Afts of the Forty feventh, Forty eighth and Forty, ninth 47	3* SeAT. s.

Years, or any of them, is direfted, with repeft to any Fine to be ^g1?* c gx

levied on any Parifh, Townland, Manor or Lordfhip, under the faid 49 0.3! c! 99!

Afts or any of them ; except only fo far ah the faid Afts are altered

or amended by this Aft.

IV. Provided always, and be it enafted, That whenever any Whtre Offender Offender (hall have been tried and convifted for any Offence, declared convicted of Mfc to be a Mifdemeanor by any Aft or Afts for the regulating or fe- demeanor, Fin# curing the Colleftion of the Duties on Spirits made m Ireland, by °° the Evidence of any Inhabitant (not being an Officer of Excife) of Half payable to the Townland in which the Place (hall be fituate where fuch Offence Informer; and if was committed, upon an Information given by fuch Inhabitant, be- he give* up hit fore any other Information for the faid Offence (hall have been given Right, no Fins to a Magiftrate, the Court before whom any fuch Conviftion (hall be ‘“P0**®* had at any Affizes or Prefenting Term (hall fine fuch Townland on account of fuch Offence, in One Half of the Sums refpeftively hereinbefore mentioned; that is to fay, in the Sum of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings in the firft Inftance, the Sum of Twenty Pounds in a Second Inftance, and the Sum of Thirty Pounds in a Third or anj fubfoquent Inftance ; to be recovered and levied in like manner as is direfted with refpeft to the other Fines hereinbefore mentioned ; and the Whole of fuch mitigated Fine or Sum (hall be paid by the Trea-fiirer of th$ County, County of a City or County of a Town, to the Inhabitant who (ludl have fo given fuch Information, and by whofe ,

Evidence fuch Conviftion (hall have been had; and in cafe iuch Inhabitant (hall (late in fuch Information, that he is willing to give up all Right in fuch Fine, if impofed, it (hall not be lawful for fuch Court in fuch cafe to fine any fuch Townland on account of fuch Offence, in any Sum of Money whatever; any thing in this Aft, or in any of the faid recited Afts, or in any other Aft or Afts to the contrary notwithilanding.

U u 2	V.	And



66o

C. 148.

53» GEO. in.

AJX1813.

In Market

T owns,Fine* laid cn Dirttllery and adjoining Houf$$«

47 G. 3 Seffi a-

*17.

When illegal Still found on Borders of Two or more Town-lands, Fine im-pofed on each*

Officer colluding to fine . Townlandi.

Penalty. 490.3- c.99. 15.

V. And be it further enafted, That in all cafes where, under the faid recited Afts and this Aft, the Court at any Affixes or Prefenting Term (hall fine any Townland being fituated in Part or in the Whole within any Market Town or City in Ireland\ in any Sum of Money, on account of any unlicenfed Still, or any Worm or other Utenfil for diftilling Spirits, or any Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings having been found orufed in any Place within fuch Town-land, fituate within any fuch Market Town or City, fuch Court (hall dire& the Treafurer of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, within which fuch’ Townland fhall be fituate, to iffue his Warrant for levying the Whole of fuch Fine or Sum of Money off the Diftillery Houfe or Place in which fuch unlicenfed Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utenfil for diddling Spirits, or any Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singi lings, were found orufed, and off fuch Houles and Places as fhall be adjoining to fuch Didillery Houfe or Place 5 and fuch Fine or Sura fhall in fuch cafe be applotted upon and raifed off fuch Diftillery Houfe or Place, and fuch Houfes or Places adjoining, exclufive of any other Part of fuch Townland ; in fuch manner ana according to fuch Rules and Regulations, as are contained in the faid recited Ad of the Forty feventh Year aforefaid: Provided always, that if no fuch Applotment or no fufficient Applotment fhall be made on fuch Diftillery Houfe or Place, and the Houfes or Places fo adjoining, fuch Fine fhall be levied off the whole Townland, as is directed by the faid Aft of the Forty feventh Year, in cafes where no Applotment is made under the faid recited Aft.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That whenever it fhall appear upon the Trial df any Information, that any unlicenfed Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utenfil for the diftilling of Spirits, or any Wafh, Pot Ale, Loir Wines or Singlings, fhall have been found or ufed in any Houfe or Place on the Borders of any Two or more Townlands, fo that it cannot be afeertained within what Townland fuch Houfe or Place if wholly or in Part fituate, it fhall be lawful for the Court to fine each and every or any Townland on the Border or Borders of any of wdiich fuch Houfe or Place or any Part thereof, fhall be fituate, in a Penalty ©r Fine of Twenty five Pounds, and to direft the Treafurer or Treafurers of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, in which the faid Townlands or any of them fhall be fituate, to iffue his Warrant for levying the faid Fine or Sum of Twenty five Pound* upon each and every fuch Townland, to be applotted upon and raifed off each fuch Townland, in fuch manner and according to fuch Rules and Regulations, as are mentioned and contained in the faid recited Afts or any of them.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon who is or (hall be an Officer appointed by or afting under the Commilfioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or the Commilfioners of Cuftoms and Povt Duties in Ireland, fhall be guilty of any Collufion or fraudulent Practice whatever, whereby any Townland fhall become liable to the Payment of any Fine under the faid recited Afts and this Aft, every Perfon fo offending, fhall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, inftead of the Penalty of Fifty Pounds for fuch Offence, mentioned and provided in the faid recited Aft of the Forty ninth Year aforefaid, to be recovered and applied in fuch manner as is dirtfted by

the



A.D.1813*	53° GEO. III.	C.148.

the faid recited Ad, with refped to fuch Penalty or Sum of Fifty Pounds : Provided always, that it (hall and iqay be lawful for any Perfon liable to pay any Grand Jury Cefs in fuch Townland, to appear at the Afiizes or Presenting Term at which the Fine on fuch Townland is to be impofed in confequence of fuch Collufion or fraudulent Pradice, or at any fubfcquent Afiizes, and there to prove the Fact of fuch Collufion or fraudulent Pradice ; and the Court at Inch Afiizes or Prefenting Term, (hall try, and fuch Court is hereby required to try the Fad or Fads fo offered to be proved, in the fame manner as the Traverfe to any Presentment of a Grand Jury it or ought to be tried; and if the Fad of fuch Collufion or fraudulent Pradice fhall be proved, fuch Court (hall give Judgment for the Recovery of the faid Sum of Five hundred Pounds againff the Perfon fo found guilty of the'fame, and (hall Sentence the Perfon fo guilty to the Payment of the faid Sum of Five hundred Pounds to the Perfon fo proceeding for the Recovery of the fame; and it fhall be lawful for the faid Court to order and dired that the Perfon fo found guilty (hall be forthwith committed to the Common Goal or Houfe of Corredion of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, and there imprifoned for the Space of Twelve Months, unlefs fuch Fine or Penalty (hall he fooner paid or fatisfied ; and fuch Perfon fo found guilty (hall be, and he is hereby rendered and declared incapable of holding any Office or Employment whatfoever, Civil or Military, under Hi6 Majefly, his Heirs and Succeffors, or any Authority derived under His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors.

VIII. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon whatever other than a Revenue Officer (hall leave in, or bring into, or place in any Houfe or Place whatever within any Townland, any unlicensed Still or any Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utenfil for diddling of Spirits, or any Wa(h, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, or (hall be guilty of any other Collufion or fraudulent Pradice whatever, whereby any Townland, or any Houfe or Houfes, or any Perfon or Perfons in fuch Townland, (hall or may be or become liable to the Payment of any Fine or Penalty whatever, under the faid recited Ads and this Ad, every Perfon fo offending (hall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to he recovered and applied in fuch manner as is direded by the faid recited Ad of the Forty ninth Year with refped to any Penalty or Sum of Fifty Pounds under the faid recited Ad : Provided always, that it (hall and may be lawful for any Perfon liable to pay any Grand Jury Cefs in fuch Townland to appear at the Aifize or Prefenting Term at which the Fine or Penalty on fuch Townland, Houfe or Perfon is to be impofed in confequence of fuch Collufion or fraudulent Pradice, or at any fubfequent Afiizes, and there to prove the Fad of fuch Collufion or fraudulent Pradice, and the Couit at fuch Afiizes or Prefenting Term (hall try, and fuch Court is hereby required to try the Fad or Fads fo offered to be proved in the fame manner as the Traverfe to any Prefentment of a Grand Jury is or ought to he tried, and if the Fad of fuch Collufion or fraudulent Pradice (hall he proved, fuch Court (hall give Judgment for the Re~ covery of the faid Sum of Five hundred Pounds againft the Perfon fo found guilty of the fame, (hall Sentence the Perfon fo guilty to the Payment of the faid Sum of Five hundred Pounds to the Perfon fo proceeding for the Recovery of the fame ; and it (hall he lawful

Uu 3	'	for

66l

How Inhabitants may proceed to recover fuch Finn.

Imprifonment.

Placing unlicenf-ed Stills,*or guilty of any trauduient Practice, whereby Townlands, 5re. liable to Fines.

Penalty.

Affiaes to grant Relief on Proof of Collufion.



66t	C.	148,149.	f53°	GEO,	III.	A.D.1813,

for the faid Court to order and drreft that the Perfon fo found guilty (hall be forthwith committed to the Common Gaol or Home of Correction of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, Imprifbmnent. and there imprifoned for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months, un» lefs fuch Fine or Penalty (hall be fooner paid or fatisfied.

Information for	IX. And be it further enafted, That all Informations for any

Finei how tried. Offence, on account whereof any Townland (hall be liable to the Payment of any Fine under the faid recited Afts and this Ad, which (hall be delivered to the Clerk of The Crown, according to the Dire&ions of the faid recited Aft of the Forty feventh Year, by any Juftice or Juilices before whom fuch Informations (hall hare been laid and given refpeftively, (hall by fuch Clerk of The Crown be laid before the Court on the Firft Day of every A(fize6 or Prefent-ing Term ; and all fuch Informations, and all Iflues and Traverks concerning fuch Informations, and for the Recovery of fuch Penalties, or for the proving or controverting of any Matter or Thing relating to fuch Informations or Penalties, (hall be proceeded upon, and (hail be fully tried and determined by the Court at fuch Aflizes, before any Iffue in any Civil Caufe or private Aftion (hall be proceeded upon, tried or determined, at any fuch Affizes or Prefenting Term refpeftively.

1 a Ann. Seat. a. €. IS.

36G.J. C.83.

Canon, Jac. u it03.

CAP. CXLIX.

An Aft for the further Support and Maintenance ’’of Stipendiary Curates.	[20th	July	1813.]

WHEREAS an Aft pafled in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her Majefty, Queen Anne, intituled An Ad for the better * Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, and for 4 preventing any Ecclejiajlical Perfons from buying the next Avoidance 4 of any Church Preferment: And whereas another Aft pafled in the r Thirty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled « An Ad for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within 4 the Church of England, and for making certain Regulations refpeding 4 the Appointment of fuch Curates, and the Admifjton of Perfons to * Cures augmented by Queen Anne’/ Bounty, with rejped to the Avoid• 4 ance of other Benefices : And whereas by a Canon or Ecclefiaftical * Conftitution made in the Year of our Lord One thoufand fix hun-4 dred and three, in the Reign of His Majefty King James the Firft, « it was provided, that no Curate (hould be permitted to ferre in 4 any Place without Examination and Admiffion of the Bi(hop of the 4 Diocefe, or Ordinary of the Place having Epifcopal Jurildiftion, € in Writing under his Hand and Seal, having refpeft to the Groat-4 nefs of the Cure and Meetnefs of the Party; and that the (aid * Curates and Minifters, if they remove from one Diocefe to another, 4 (hould not by any means be admitted to ferve without Teftimony 4 of the Bi(hop of the Diocefe, or Ordinary of the Places as afore-4 faid whence they came, in Writing, of their Honefty, Ability and * Conformity to tne Ecclefiaftical Laws of the Church of England; 4 and that none (hould ferve more than One Church or Chapel upon * One Day, except that Chapel be a Member of the Pari(h Church, 4 or united thereto, and unfefs the faid Church or Chapel where * fuch Minifter (hould ferve in Two Places be not able in the Judg-4 ment of the Bi(hop or Ordinary as aforefaid to maintain a Curate: 13	4	And



A.D.i8i3»

53° GEO. III.

C.149.	«j

*	And whereat the Provifions of the faid AQtn and Canon, and of the

*	Laws in force with refpe& to Curates, have been found inefficient,

*	and it it neceffary that more effedual Provifion (hould be made to

*	fecure a competent Maintenance to Curates; in order to infure the

*	due aod regular Performance of the Service of the Church of

*	England in Parifties where Incumbents do not refide Be it therefore ena&ed by the King*s Mod Excellent Majeftyt by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the hune, That every Incumbent of or Perfon holding any Non-refident Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, who !ncu:Tl!'ems does not or (hall not duly refide thereon (unlefs fuch Perfon (hall do CuwtcfcWPp0,nt the Duty of the fame, having a legal Exemption from Refidence, or

Licence to refide out of the fame, or to refide out of the Parfortage Houfe or Vicarage Houfe, or other ufual Houfe of Refidence belonging to the fame), and who (hall, for the Period of Six Months after the paffing of this Ad, or after his lndudion or Appointment, or after the Death or Removal of a former Curate, ncgled to nominate a proper Curate, to be licenfed by the Bifiiop of the Diocefc or Ordinary of the Place having Epifcopal Jurifdidions, to ferve his Church or Chapel, or who (hall, for the Period of Three Months after the Death or Refignation of any Curate who has ferved his Church or Chapel, negled to notify to the Bifiiop of the Diocefe fuch Death or Refignation, (hall forfeit and lofe all the Benefit of anj Difpenfation or Exemption from Refidence, or Licence for Non-rendence, and be fubjed and liable to fuch and the like Penalties for Penalty Non-refidente as if he had no fuch Difpenfation, Exemption from Refidence, or Licenfe for Non-refidence ; and in every cafe in which no Curate (hall be nominated to the Bi(hop or Ordinary for the Purpose of being licenfed by him within fuch Period as aforefaid, the Bifiiop or Ordinary is hereby authorized	licenfe	a

proper Curate, with fuch Salary as is by this _ _. .	d	direded,

to ierve the Church or Chapel of the Parifii or Place in refped of which fuch Negled or Default (hall have occurred *11. And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the Bitoopstosp-Bifhop or Ordinary, and he is hereby required, fubjed to the feveral	ta

Provifions hereinafter contained, to appoint to every Curate fo ura licenfed, fuch fufficient Salary as is allowed and fpecified in this Aft; and every Inilrument of Licence to be granted as aforefaid (hall contain and fpecify the Amount of the Salary allowed by the Bifiiop or Ordinary to the Curate, and fuch Licence, or any Copy of the Regiftry thereof made according to the Provifions of this Ad, duly "proved to be a true Copy, (hall be Evidence of the Amount of the Salary fo appointed to any Curate in all Courts of Law or Equity; and in cafe any Difference (hall arife between any Redor or Vicar, or Perion holding any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, and his Curate, touching fuch Stipend or Allowance, . or the Payment thereof, or of the Arrears thereof, the Bifiiop or Ordinary, on Complaint to him made, may and (hall fummarily hear and determine the fame; and in cafe of wilful Ncgled or Refufal to pay fuch Stipend, Salary or Allowance, or the Arrears thereof,

Jhall be and is hereby empowered to fequefter the Profits of the Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, for and until Payment of fuch Stipend or Allowance, or the Arrears thereof \

tJ u 4

and

 v^.ooQle

66a

C. 149*

S3 GEO. in.

A.D.iti3*

Curate* may bt di reeled to refide in Parfonage Houfe in cafe of

and no fuch Licence (hall be valid, or exempt any Incumbent, or Per-Ton holding any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, from any of the Penalties of this Ad*, or of any other Aft or Ads of Parliament, unlefs it (hall contain and fpecify the Amount of the Stipend, Salary or Allowance to be paid to the Curate.

III. And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the Bifhop or Ordinary who (hall grant any Licence to any Curate to ferve any Church or Chapel, where the Redor or Vicar, or Perfoa Non*refidence of holding any Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, h Incumbents. aot refident for Four Months in each Year, to allot, if he (hall tnink fit, for the Refidence of fuch Curate, the Parfonage or Vicange Houfe, or ufual Houfe of Refidence of the Perfon holding the Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, if there (hall be any fuch Houfe of Refidence in the Parifli or Place, and the Offices and Gardens thereto belonging, or any Part or Parts thereof, during the time of fuch Curate's ferving the Cure, or during the Non-refidencc of fuch Redor or Vicar or Perfon 5 and the Licence (hall fpecify whether the Curate is required to refide within the Pari(h or Place or not; and if the Curate is permitted by the Bi(hop or Ordinary granting the Licence to refide out of the Pari(h or Place, the Grounds upon which the Curate is fo permitted to refide out of the Parifh or Place, (hall be fpecified in the faid Licence; and the Diftanee of the Refidence of luch Curate from any Church or Chapel which he (hall be licenfed to ferve (hall not exceed Five Statute Miles, except in cafes of Necefilty to be approved by the Bi(hop or Ordinary, and fpecified in the Licence.

Bifhop may	IV. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That the Biffiopor

direct Curate to Ordinary (hall have Power at any time, upon Three Months Notice, o^Pariona e * ^7 Writing under his Hand and Seal, to dired the faid Curate to ° 85 ' deliver up the faid Parfonage or Vicarage Houfe or ufual Houfe of Refidence, and the Offices and Gardens thereto belonging, or any of them ; and the faid Curate (hall peaceably deliver up the rofieflioo of the faid Premifes allotted to him ; and in cafe he (hall refufe to do fo, he (hall forfeit or lofe to the Redor or Vicar, all fuch Parts of his Stipend as (hall then be unpaid or (hall thereafter become doe, and alio the Sum of Fifty Pounds to fuch Redor or Vicar, aod which (hall be recoverable in an Adion of Debt.

V. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That it (hall not be lawful for the Redor or Vicar, or other Perfon holding any Dona* 0£ti°°rCr > Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, in any cafe in which Bilhop! who may ^e Parfonage or Vicarage or ufual Houle of Refidence of the Per* fequefter Profit* (on holding any Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, (hall have been affigned to the Curate as a Refidence, to difpoflefs fuch Curate, or take Pofleffion thereof, without and until the Per-million of the Bi(hop or Ordinary (hall have been given in Writing for that Purpofe ; and it (hall be lawful for the Bimop or Ordinary afligning any fuch Houfe or Refidence to any Curate, to fequefter the Profits of the Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry to which the Houfe (hall belong, in any cafe in which Pof» feffion mall not be given up to the Curate, purfuant to any fuch Afiignment of Refidence, and until fuch Poffeffion (hall be riven: Provided alfo, that if any fuch Curate (hall refufe to give ud Poffcf* fioa of any fuch Houfe, upon the Order of the Bifliop or Ordinary for that Purpofe, it (hall be lawful for the Redor, Vicar or Perfon

bolding

Penalty.

Reoior,$cc. not to dilptiflefs

of Living until Potfefliou given.



66s

'A.D.1813.	53”	GEO. III.	0.133,134.

holding the Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry,. to which any fuch Houfe (hall belong, to apply to any Juftice of the Peace or Magiftrate of the County, Riding, Province, City or Place, for a Warrant, for the taking Pofleflion thereof; and the Juftice of the Peace to whom any fuch Order of the Bifhop or Ordinary for fuch Pofleflion is produced (hall and he is hereby required thereupon to give a Warrant for fuch Pofleflion, and Pofleflion may thereupon fee taken of fuch Houfe under fuch Warrant at any time in the Day time, by entering the fame by Force, if neceflary, without any other Proceeding, by Eje&ment or otherwife 5 any thing in any Aft or A6ts of Parliament or Law or Laws to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That every Bifhop or Ordinary Licence*mi who (hall grant or revoke any Licence to any Curate under this Aft R«*ocatiomfiI«4 (hall and he i6 hereby required to caufe a Copy of fuch Licence or Revocation to be entered in the Regiftry of the Diocefe within which the Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, in refpeft whereof any fuch Licence (hall be granted or Revocation made (hall be locally fituate, and an Alphabetical Lift of fuch Licences and Revocations (hall be made out by the Regiftrar of each Diocefe, and entered in a Book, and kept for the Inlpeftion of all Perfons, except as hereinafter excepted 5 and a Copy of every fuch Licence and Revocation, with refpeft to any Benefice, Donative,

Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, (hall be tranfmitted by the faid Regiftrar to the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens of the Parifh,

Townftim or Place to which the fame relates, within One Month after the Grant of fuch Licence or Revocation thereof, to be by them depofited in the Parifh Cheft, except as hereinafter excepted ; and every Regiftrar who (hall or refufe or negleft or omit to make any fuch Entry, or to tranfmit any fuch Copy, (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence or Negleft the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered as any Pcn4lty* Penalty or Forfeiture may be recovered under the faid recited Afts :

Provided always, that iuch Regiftrar (hall for every fuch Copy to be tranfmitted to fuch Churchwardens or Chapelwardens as aforcfaid be entitled to a Fee of Ten Shillings and no more, and that fuch Fee (hall be allowed in the Accounts of fuch Churchwardens or Chapelwardens, and no other Fee fhall be taken by fuch Regiftrar in refpeft of the Execution of this Aft.

VII.	And be it further enafted. That in every cafe in which any Salaries piyabk Perfon (hall be inftituted or indufted to any Benefice, or nominated *° Cuntes to bo or appointed to any Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Cha-pchy, after the pafling of this Aft, and (hall not duly refide thereon, unlefs fuch Perfon (haul do the Duty of the fame, having a legal Exemption from Refidence, or a Licence to refide out of the fame, or to refide out of the Parfonage or Vicarage or other ufual Houfe of Refidence belonging to the lame, the Bifhop or Ordinary (hall appoint for the Curate licenfed to ferve fuch Benefice, Donative,

Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry of fuch Non-refident Incumbent or Perfon as aforcfaid in his Abfence, fuch Salary, according to the Grofs Annual Value of the Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, as is hereinafter next mentioned; that is tojay, fuch Salaiy (nail in no cafe be lefs than Eighty Pounds jter Annum, or than the laid Annual Value of the Benefice, Donative,

Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, if the faid Value fhall not amount to Eighty Pounds Per Annum ; and fuch Salary (hall not be

left

 CjOOQ le

666	C»i49*	530 GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

lefa, than One hundred Pounds per Annum, or than die whole Value as aforefaid, if the faid Value (hall not amount to One hundred Pounds per Annum, in any Parifh or Place where the Population, according to the Returns then laft made in purfuance of any Ad or Adis of Parliament, (hall amount to or exceed Three hundred Per-ions; and fuch Salary (hall not be lefs than One hundred and twenty Pounds per Annum, or the whole Value as aforefaid, if the faid Value (hall not amount to One hundred and twenty Pounds fer Annum in any Parifh or Place where the Population (hall appear it aforefaid to amount to or exceed Five hundred Perfons; and foch Salary (hall not be lefs than One hundred and fifty Pounds her Annum or than the whole Value as aforefaid, if the faid Value fcall not amount to One hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum in any Parifh or Place where the Population (hill appear as aforefaid to amount to Provifo.	or exceed One thoufand Perfons : Provided always, that the annual

Value of all Benefices, Donatives, Perpetual Curacies or Parochial Chapelries, of which the faid Value, eftimated as is herein provided, does not amount to One hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, Dull be eftimated from the Returns made by the Bifhops of the fevwd Diocefes to the Governors of Queen Anne9s Bounty, in purfnanceoi an Address of the Houfe of Lords, or from any future Return which may be made by the faid Bifhops to the faid Governors, refped* ing Parifhes or Places omitted in the faid Returns, or refpedrug Parifhes or Places in the aftual Income of which it (hall be male appear to the faid Bifhops that any confiderable Variation has taken place, either by Augmentations made by the faid Governors or otherwife.

Where Curate’* VIII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That in every Value of Bene	Ca^e *n	Bifhop	or	Ordinary (hall appoint for fuch Curate

ficVit (hall be" a Salary equal to the whole annual Value of fuch Benefice, Donative, liable to Charge* Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, ftich Salary (hall be fubjeA affecting it. to all fuch and the like Charges and Outgoings as may legally affect the Value of fuch Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, and to any Lofs or Diminution which may leflen fuch Value without the wilful Default or Negledl of fuch Incumbent. How Salary ad- IX. Provided always, That in every cafe when the Bilhop or juOed where	Ordinary (hall find it necefiary or expedient, for the obtaining any

Curate is per-	proper Performance of Duties Ecclefiailical, to licence the Incurn-

in an awning bent or PerP*tual Curate of any Parifh or Place to ferve as Curate Parilh;	of any adjoining or other Parifh or Place, it (hall be lawful for fuck

Bifhop or Ordinary to appoint for fuch Incumbent or Perpetual Curate fo licenfed, a Salary lefs by a Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds per Annum than the Salary which in the feveral cafes heir-inbefore mentioned the Bi(hop or Ordinary is refpe&ively required by this A& to appoint 5 and in every cafe where the Bifhop or Ordinary (hall find it necefiary or expedient as aforefaid to licence one and the fame Perfon to ferve as Curate for Two adjoining or other Parifhes or Places, it (hall be lawful for fuch Bifnop or Ordinary to direH that during fuch time as fuch Curate (hall ferve fuch Two Churches or Chapels, the Salary to be received by him for ferving each of the faid Churches or Chapels (hall be lefs by a Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds per Annum than the Salary which » the feveral cafes hereinbefore mentioned the Bifhop or Ordinary is Provifo.	required	by this Aft to appoint: Provided always, that so fuch

Salary



667

A»D.i8ij.	53° GEO. III.	C. 149.

Salary (hall in any cafe be lefa than Fifty Pounds per Annum, or than the whole Value of the faid Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, which fuch Incumbent, Perpetual Curate or Curate, ihail be licenfed to ferve if the faid Value (hall not nmount to Fifty Pounds per Annum : Provided always, that no Incumbent, Perpetual Curate or Curate (hall be licenled to ferve as Curate in any Church or Chapel which is diftant more than Five Statute Miles from any Church or Chapel already ferved by fuch Incumbent, Perpetual Curate or Curate, except in cafes of Neceffity to be approved by the Biihop or Ordinary, and fpecified in the Licence.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That in every Smaller Salaries cafe in which it (hall be made out to the Satisfadion of the Bi(hop allowed to

or Ordinary of any Diocefe, that any Incumbent or Perfon holding c?ra,e*in cer-any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, is ta,n ca or has become non-re(ident or incapable of performing the Duties thereof from Age, Sicknefs or other unavoidable Caufe, and that from thefe or from any other fpecial and peculiar circumftances of the cafe great Hardfhip and Inconvenience would arife if the full Amount of Salary fpecified in this Ad fhould be allowed to the Curate, then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall be lawful for fuch Bi(hop or Ordinary to afiign to the Curate' any fuch Salary, lefs than the faid full Amount, as (hall, under all the circumftances, appear to him juft and reafonable : Provided always, that in the Licence granted in cvety fuch cafe it (hall be dated that for fpecial Reafons the Bi(hop or Ordinary hath not thought proper to afiign to the Curate the full Amount of Salary allowed or required to be afligned by this Ad: Provided alfo, that fuch fpedal Reafons (hall be entered fully and at large in a feparate Book, to be kept for that Purpofe, and to be depofited in the Regiftry of the Diocefe, which Book (hall not be open to Infpedion unlefs with the Leave of the Bi(hop or Ordinary, or by other proper Authority.

XI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That it (hall be Biftop to allow lawful for the Bifhop or Ordinary, upon the Application of any Re&or,&c.t* Redor, Vicar or Perfon holding any Donative, Perpetual Curacy dedu& from or Parochial Chapelry, the whole Profit or Income of which (hall Curates Saliry have been allotted to the Curate, to allow fuch Redor, Vicar or i^itcdPAraount other Perfon, to dedud and retain therefrom in any or each Year in ccrtam<cafes. fo much Money, not exceeding in any cafe One fourth Part of fuch

Profits or Income or of the Salary afligned to the Curate, as (hall have been adually laid out and expended during the Year, in the Repair of the Parfonage, Vicarage or other Houfe of Refidence, in refped of which fuch Redor, Vicar or Perfon aforefaid, or his Executors, Adminiftrators or Afiigns, would be liable for Dilapidations to the Succeffor; and it (hall alfo be lawful for the fiifhop x>r Ordinary in like manner to allow any Redor, Vicar or other Perfon aforefaid, having or holding any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, the Profits or Income of which (hall not exceed One hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, to dedud and retain from the Salary allotted to the Curate, in each or any Year, fo much Money as (hall have been adually laid out and expended in fuch Repairs as aforefaid, over and above the Amount ot the Surplus remaining of fuch Profits or Income, after Payment of the Salary allotted to the Curate, fo as that

the





(68

C.I49*	S30GEO. III. A.D. 1813.	'	aj>.j8

the Sum fo dednfted, after laying out fuch Surplus (hall not in any Year exceed One fourth Part of the Salary allotted to the Curate. Curate to pay XII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That in every Taxet of I’trfon- cafe where the Bifhop or Ordinary (hall appoint, for the Curate age Houfe m licenfed to ferve any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Paro-•trtsra **■ chial Chapelry, a Salary not lefs than the whole grofs annual Value of the fame, and {hall, in addition to fuch Salary, dire& that fuch Curate {hall refide in the Parfonage or Vicarage Houfe, or ufual Houfe of Refidence of the Perfon holding luch Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, fuch Curate {hall be liable, during his ferving fuch Cure, to the fame Taxes and Parochial Taxes in refped of fuch Houfe, and the Appendages thereof, of which he may fo be in Occupation, as if he had been inftituted or induded to the faid Benefice, or nominated or appointed to the faid Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry.

Where Benefice	XIII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That in any

V!?*** 4°°L #n	or Place where it {hall appear to the Satisfadion of the

he madeto”1^	t^le	*&ual	annual	Income of fuch Benefice, Dona*

Curate of iocl.	Perpetual	Curacy	or Parochial Chapelry, clear of all De-

per Annum, Sec. dudions, exceeds the Sum of Four hundred Pounds per Annum* it {hall be lawful for the Bifhop to affign to the Curate of fuch Parifh or Place, being refident within the fame, and ferving no other Cure, a Salary or Allowance of One hundred Pounds per Annum, *notwith-flanding the Population of fuch Parilh or Place may not appear at aforefaid to amount to Three hundred Perfons; and that in any Parifh or Place where the adual annual Income {hall appear as afore-faid, and where the Population (hall alfo appear as afore faid to amount to or exceed Five hundred Perfons, it (hall be lawful for the Bifhop to afijgn to the Curate of fuch Parifh or Place, being refident within the fame, and ferving no other Cure, any larger Stipend or Allowance, fo that the fame {hall not exceed by more than Fifty Pounds per Annum the Amount of the Stipend or Allowance hereinbefore refpedively required to be affigned to fuch Curate.

Not to empower XIV. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing Bifhop* to affign^ [n this Ad contained {hall authorize or empower any Bifhop or p S,Urith,wr Ordinary, to affign to any Curate of any Perfon holding any Benefice, Benefices before Oonative or Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, before the palling of Ad palling of this Ad, upon any fuch Benefice, Donative, Perpetual or of certain Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, held by fuch Perfon before the other Perfons, pafling of this Ad, and on which fuch Perfon is or (hall be Non-refident by Licence or Exemption, or to the Curate of any Perfon n holding any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, who {hall duly refide thereupon, or who {hall himfelf do the Duty of the fame, having a legal Exemption from Refidence or a Licence to refide out of the fame, or to refide out of the Parfonage or Vicarage Houfe, or other ufual Houfe of Refidence belonging to the fame, any greater Stipend or Allowance for the Curate who {hall be licenfed to ferve fuch Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, than is allowed by the Statutes in force before the paifiiig of this Ad, unlefs with the Confent of the Perfon holding fuch Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry.

Agreements	XV.	And be it further enaded, That all Agreements and Coo*

contrary to trads made or to be.made between Perfons holdiog Benefices, Donatives,

sHives, ]

is Frau<

I fed a a

I ad all i , tike, or j tsj Stip 1 tBowed tad Pur pleaded I aotwithl I Inch Cot a the ]

qwttano

th

entitled

Stipend,

hjmenl

Cofts of

br Sequ fed Cu toaflial Donativ faing 1 dal q *wi ic

m.

H af fennaf CWcb

any

Mbe

P*5b»

* a fesatk

S

*wfc



**« to He P;

S

"Jefi





1

k-I>.i813.	53°	GEO. IIL	C. 149.	669

latives, Perpetual Curacies or Parochial Chapelries, and their Curates, Aft and to n Fraud or Derogation of the Provifions of this Adi, or of the 3^G. 3. c.8j. kid Ad of the Thirty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, md all Agreements and Contradls whereby any Curate (hall under-alee, or in any manner bind himfelf to accept or be content with my Stipend or Salary lefs than that which (hall be dated to be illowed in any Licence of fuch Curate, (hall be void to all Intents md Purpofes in the Law whatfoever, and (hall not be fet up, pleaded or given in Evidence in any Court of Law or Equity ; and not with (landing the Payment and Acceptance, in purfuance of atiy fuch Contradl or Agreement, of any Sum lefs than the Sum fpecified in the Licence of fuch Curate, or any Receipt, Difcharge or Acquittance, that may be given in cafes of fuch Payment ana Acceptance, the Curate or his perfonal Reprefentatives, (hall be and remain entitled to the full Amount of what (hall remain unpaid of the Stipend, Salary or Allowance fpecified in his Licence; and the Payment of what (hall fo remain unpaid (hall, together with Treble Treble Cofts. Cods of recovering the fame, be enforced by the Bi(hop or Ordinary by Sequeftration of the Profits of the Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry ; provided that no Sequeftration (hall, by virtue of this Adi, affedt the Profits of any Benefice,

Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, beyond the time during which the Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, (hall be held by the Perfon liable to make the Payments in refpedl of which fuch Profits (hall be fequeftered.

XVI.	And be it further enadled, That no Licence or Licences NoLictncs (hall, after the paffing of this Adi, be granted, except in the cafe framed to fcrve hereinafter mentioned, to any Curate, to ferve more than Two more than Two Churches in One Day, or Two Chapels, or One Church and One Chapel, in One Day ; and every Licence granted to any Curate for any greater Number of Churches or Chapels (hall be wholly ▼oid and of no Effedl, both as to the Curate to whom the fame (hall be granted, and as to the Incumbent or Perfon to whom the Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Chapelry f (hall belong:	f	8k.

Provided always, that where it (hall appear to the Bi(hop or Ordinary of any Diocefe, in any cafe in which a Curate (hall before the paffing of this Adi have ferved more than Two Churches or Chapels, or in which, from the nature of the circumftances or the focal Situation of the Churches or Chapels, and the Value of the Benefices, Donatives, Perpetual Curacies or Parochial Chapelries to which they belong, and in which the Provifion of this Adt cannot be enforced as to the afiigning Salaries of Curates until the Death or Removal of the Perfons holding fuch Benefices, Donatives, Perpetual Curacies or Parochial Chapelries, that the granting Licences to any Curate to ferve Three Churches or Chapels not being distant from each other more than Four meafured Miles, is neceflary to the obtaining any proper Performance of Ecclefiaftical Duties in any Pirilh or Place, it (hall be lawful for the Bi(hop in fuch cafes to grant Licences to any Curate to ferve Three fuch Churches or Chapels: Provided always, that in every fuch cafe the Reafons for Provifo. granting fuch Licences (hall be dated by the Bi(hop in each of fuch Licences, and fuch Licence (hall not be valid or eftedlual unlefs the Reafons for granting the fame are inferted therein as

afore-

 L,ooq le

<7®	C. 149.	53°	GEO.	IIL	AJ).i8i3.

aforefaid: And provided alfo, that the Refidence of fuch Cunt? , /hall be fo placed, that it (hall not be neceffaiy for him to travel more than Fifteen Miles in One Day for the Performance of the Duties to be performed at fuch Three Churches or Chapels.

Curate fervingin XVII. Provided alfo, and be it enaded, That if any Incumbent of Two or more Benefices, Donatives, Perpetual Curacies or Parc. Incumbent inter- Curacies f or Parochial Chapelries, refiding bona jidt in the diffe-changeably.what rent Proportions of each and every Year, upon the fame refocfinely, Salary to receive, (hall employ a Curate from time to time upon fuch of the lame from t Sit. which he (hall be abfent during his own adual Refidence upon the other thereof, the Stipend or Salary to be affigned to fuch Curate (hall not exceed a due Proportion oi an Annual Salary calculated ac-cording to the Provifions of this Ad, the Bifhop having regard to the Greatnefs of the Cure, and to the Proportion of the Year during which fuch Curate (hall have done or (hall be engaged to do the Duty of fuch Benefices, Donatives, Perpetual Curacies or Parochial Chapelries refpedively.

Incumbent apply-	XVIII. And be it further enaded. That every Perfou holding

fag for Licence any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, who (hall apply to the Bifiiop or Ordinary of the Diocefe for any Licence for Non-refidence, (hall date in his Application what Salary he propofes to give to his Curate, and whether the Curate propofcf to refide or not to refide in the Parifii, and if refident, whether in the Parfonage Houfe, and if not refident in the Pariih at what Dif-tauce therefrom, and at what Place, and whether fuch Curate fern any other Parifii as Curate or Incumbent, or has any other EccWif-tical Preferment, or holds any Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, or officiates in any other Church or Chapel, and (ball alfo date the grofs Value of the Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, in refped of which he applies for a Licesct not to refide, and it (hall not be lawful for the Bifiiop or Ordinary to grant any fuch Licence, unlefs the Application (hall contain a Statement of the feveral Particulars aforefaid ; and all fuch Applications and Specifications (hall be kept and filed by the Regiftraroftbc Diocefe in a feparate Book, and preferved from public Infpe&ioa, and difclofed only in like manner and in fuch cafes as is before direct as to the Copies of Licences wherein the full Salary allowed or required by this Ad is not granted to Curates.

XIX.	And be it further enaded, That every Bifiiop or Orduary to whom any Application (hall be made for any Licence, for a Curate to ferve for any Perfon exempt by Law from Refidence in his Beue-applying for a”11 ^ce» Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, (hall,before Licence for Non- he (hall grant fuch Licence, require of the Perfon for whom fuel) refidence. Curate is to ferve, a Statement of all the Particulars by this Ad required to be dated by any Perfon applying for a Licence for Nob-refidence as aforefaid; and it (hall not be lawful for any Bi/hop or Ordinary to grant a Licence to any Curate to ferve the Church or Chapel of any Perfon exempt from Refidence, until a Statement of all (neb Particulars as aforefaid (hall have been delivered to him, and fuch Statement (hall be kept and filed, and preferved from public Infpedion, and difclofed only in like manner and in fuch cafes as is before direded, as to Statements of Perfons applying for Liceocti for Non-refidence.

XX.	Aud

for Non-relide me to date what Salary he propofes to give to Curate.

Statement of Particular! ne-ceflary to he



A.D. 1813-	53*.GEO. III. C. 149.	671

XX.	And be it enafted, That this Aft and the (everal Provi- Aa ta extend to fions herein contained (hall extend, and be deemed and conftrued to Benefice*exempt extend, to all Benefices, Donatives, Perpetual Curacies and Paro-

chial Chapelries, exempt as well as not exempt, and to all Peculiars;	^

and it (hall moreover be lawful for the Churchwardens or Chapel-wardens of any Parifli or Chapelry which* (hall be exempt or fubjeft to any peculiar Jurifdiftion, from time to time to make Complaint to the Bifhop in whofe Diocefe fuch Pari(h or Chapelry (hall be locally fituate, of Non-refidence of the Incumbent and the Want of due Provifion for the Cure, and, Proof being made of the Faft in fuch manner as the Bifhop or Ordinary (hall direft, to the Satisfaction of the Bifhop or Ordinary, who is hereby empowered to ad-rainifter an Oath, if he (hall think fit to require Proof upon Oath (and which Oath any Juftice of the Peace (nail alfo have power to adminifter), it (hall be lawful for the faid Bifhop or Ordinary' to proceed to the Augmentation of the Curate’s Salary, or Appointment of a Curate, under the Provifions of this Aft

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That where any Benefice, Do- Ecclefiaftical native, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, (hall be locally Jurifdiftion af-fituate within the Limits of more than one Province or Diocefe, certained.

or between the Limits of Two or more Diocefes, or any of them, the Archbifhop or Bifhop to the Cathedral Church of whole Province or Diocefe the Parifh Church thereof (hall be neareft in local Situ» ation, (hall have, ufe and exercife all the Authorities and Powers which fuch Archbifhop or Bifhop could or would have ufed or exercifed if the fame Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Paro* chial Chapelry had been locally fituate within his Province or Diocefe ; provided that the Peculiars belonging to any Archbifhop or Bifhop, though locally fituate in another Diocefe, (hall continue fubjeft to fuch Archbifhop or Bifhop to whom they belong, as well for the Purpofes of this Aft as for all other Purpofes of Ecclefiaf-tical Jurifdiftion in the Law whatfoever.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That no Commiffion iflued by Commiffion to any Bifhop or Ordinary to any CommifTary or CommifTaries appointed adminifter Oaths to adoriinifter the Oaths required to be taken by any Curate for the not fohjeft to Purpofe of any Licence, (nail be fubjeft to any Stamp Duty; any StaroP Duty-ihing contained in any Aft or Ads of Parliament to the contrary

not with Handing.

XXIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That it (hall be Provifo for lawful for every Archbifhop and Bifhop, fummarily and without Power* of Arch-formal Procefs or Suit, to ufe and exercife all and every the Powers Whop*

and Authorities, and to do all and every the Afts, Matters and Bilhops. Things which fuch Archbifhop or Bifhop can ufe, exercife or do, under or by virtue of the Provifions of this Aft.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft Provifo lor contained fhail be deemed or taken to vary, prejudice, alter or affeft. Power* of otherwife than is exprefsly provided, any Power, Right or Authority already yelled in any Bifhop, touching Curates or their Salaries,

under or by virtue of any Statute, Canon, Ufage or otherwife how-foever.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That nothing in this Provifo for Cc-Aft contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to repeal or alter lebration of the Provifions contained in any Aft of Parliament, or any other Pro- ^irmt Servict. ▼ifion of Law for the due Celebration of Divine Service in any

Church



Ireland

Auditor General of Account! of Public Expenditure in Spain and Portugal appointed.

Oath.

Treafury to grant Salary.

C. 149, 150.	53* GEO. nr.	A.D.18I	j.

Church or Chapel; or for the Difcharge of any other Duty of any Reftor or Vicar, or Perfon holding any Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, by himfelf or his Curate.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained (hall extend to that Part of the United Kingdom called Inland.

CAP. CL.

An Aft for the more fpeedy and effeftual Examination and Audit of the Accounts of Military Expenditure in Spain and Portugal 1 for removing Delays in paffing the Public Accounts •, and for making New Arrangements for conduft-the Bufinefs of the Audit Office.	[20th	July	1813,3

‘ TT T HE REAS it is expedient that Provifion (hould be made 4 W for the more effeftual Examination in Spain and Portugal 4 of the Accounts of Public Expenditure in thofe Kingdoms Be it therefore enafted by the King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful for His Majefty, by Warrant or Com mi (lion under His Royal Sign Manual, to nominate and appoint One of the Commiflioners for auditing the Public Accounts, to be Auditor General of Accounts of the Public Expenditure in Spain and Portugal\ which already has been or may hereafter be incurred ; who (hall, upon receiving fuch Appointment, proceed forthwith to fuch Place in either of thofe Countries, as be may think fit, and (hall execute that Office there during the Plea-fure of His Majefty, under the Direftions and Controul of the Commiflioners ot the Treafury; and fuch Auditor General (hall have Authority to require all fuch Perfons in Spain and Portugal as (hall have received any Sum or Sums of Public Money by way of Jmpreft, or in any other manner, or any Public Stores for which they (hall be accountable, to render an Account of the fame to him, attefted upon Oath, within a time to be by him limited, and to exhibit to him all fuch Books, Certificates, Warrants, Documents, Receipts and other Papers whatfoever, in the PoflTeffioa or Power of fuch Perfons, as mall appear to be neceflary for the Examination of the Accounts of fuch rublic Expenditure as afore* faid ; and the laid Auditor General fo to be appointed (hall have Authority to examine upon Oath (which Oath he is hereby an* thorized to adminifter) all Accountants and all other Perfons whom he (hall think fit to examine touching the Receipt and Expenditure of Public Money or Stores in Spain and Portugal'9 and touching all other Matters and Things neceflary for the doe Execution of the Powers to be veiled in him by virtue of his Appointment, and of this Aft.

II.	And be it further enafted, That the Commiffionert of the Treafury may grant to the faid Auditor General fuch Salary or Allowance as (hall be deemed by them to be a reasonable Remuneration for the Service to be performed by him, fo long as be (hall continue to hold the faid Office of Auditor General.

4 III. And whereas it may be neceflary or expedient that the 4 Accounts which (hall have been examined by fuch Auditor Ge*

< neraly

s



<573

A.D.i8*3*	j3°GEO.	III.	C.150.

4 ncral, or that any Accounts of Public Expenditure which have 4 been or hereafter may be examined by any Commiflaries of Ac-

*	counts, Public Boards, Officers or other Perfons duly authorized 4 to examine fuch Accounts, fhould in all cafes be again examined 4 by the Commiffioners for auditing the Public AccountsBe it therefore enaded. That it (hall be lawful for the Commiffioners of Audit, in making up and pafling Public Accounts which have pre-vioufly undergone fuch Examination as aforefaid, whether the fame Accounts, according to the Courfe of their Proceedings, are dated to the Commiffioners of the Treafury for Confideration, or prepared for Declaration in the firtl Indance, to allow or difallow without further Inveftigation, if the faid Commiffioners for auditing Public Accounts- (hail think proper, all Articles which (hall have been allowed or difallowed upon fuch previous Examination.

•	IV. And whereas great Delay and Inconvenience with refped 4 to the making up and pafling of the Public Accounts have been 4 experienced by reafon of certain Provifions of the Law which re-4 Quire that the Cominiflioners for auditing the Public Accounts 4 mould not give Allowance of any Article without a written 4 Voucher or other Evidence of a&ual PaymentBe it therefore ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners for auditing the Public Accounts,' not with datiding any Law or Ufage to the contrary, to allow One or more Articles of Difcharge in any Public Account without the Produ&ion of any written Voucher or other Evidence of Payment, provided that the Articles fo allowed be pointed out to the Attention of the Commiffioners of the Treafury by a Note or Memorandum on the State of the Account, or by a Reprefentation thereof in the cafe of Accounts prepared by the Commiffioners of Audit for Declaration without being previoufly dated, to the end that the Commiffioners of the Treafury may require fuch Explanation of the Articles fo allowed as they (hall deem to be neccfiary, and (hall have full Opportunity of confidering the Propriety;of all fuch Allowances, and of confirming or refeinding the lame at their Pleafure: Provided always, that in every cafe in which fuch Articles allowed in any One Account (hall exceed in the whole the Sum of One thoufand Pounds, the faid Commiffioners of the Treafury for the time being (hall, in a Minute of the Treafury, and alfo in the Warrant for preparing the Account for Declaration in all cafes in which the Account mall have been dated to them by the Commiffioners of Audit, fpecifically dire& the Allowance of the faid Articles, and if they (hall deem it neceflary, date their Reafons for allowing the fame.

*	V. And whereas confiderable Delay and Inconvenience have 4 been experienced in the paffing of divers Public Amounts from 4 the Want of a diferetionary Power in the Commiffioners for auditing 4 the Public Accounts to difpenfe in certain cafes with the Produ&ion 4 of Stamped ReceiptsBe it therefore ena&cd, That it (hall be lawful for the fame Commiffioners, in the Examination of any Public Accounts, to admit and allow, in cafes where it (hall appear to them to be reasonable and expedient for the Public Service, of Receipts and Vouchers for any Monies exprefled therein, although fuch Re* ceipts and Vouchers fhould not have been damped according to Law.

4 VT. And whereas in confequence of the Changes which have

•	already taken place, or may hereafter take pla£e in the Number oF

53 G*o. III.	X	x	f	the

Acre unts examined hy Auditor General, fcc. need net Le examined by Commilfionersof Public Accounts.

Commiffioners of Public Accounts may.il* low Article; of Difcharge without written Voucher, on noting fame to Treafury.

Accounts pafled although Receipts have not proper Sumps.



, Audit Office tr-ran^ed as Tres-fury UwiU diuft.

Rejiftm to make Schedules of Monies, Exchequer Bills, See. belonging to Suitors, and deliver tliemimo Bank.

C.150,151.	53*GEO. III.

€ the Commiffioners for auditing the Public Accounts by Doth 4 or by the Appointment of one of them to be fuch Auditor General 4 as atorefaid, by virtue of this A&, it is expedient that (ome new 4 Arrangements (hould be made for conducing the Bufineb of the 4 Audit Office ;* Be it therefore ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the Commiffioners of the Treafury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, from time to time by Warrant under their Hindi to direct fuch new Arrangement# rcfpe&ing the Condud of the Bufmefs in the Audit Office, and to conftitute and appoint fuch One br more Board or Boards of the faid Commiffioners of Audit, and to affign to fiich Board or Boards refpe&ively the Exercife of fuch Duties with refpedk to the Condud of the Bufinefs of the Office, and the Superintendance and Controul to be exercifed over the Officers, Clerics and other Perfons employed there, as to the faid Commiffioners of the Treafury (hall feem to be expedient.

CAP. CLI.

An A£i for regulating the Office of Regiftrar of the High Court of Admiralty, and High Court of Appeals for Prizes.

[20th July 1813.]

4 TTTHEREAS it is expedient to make Provi(ions for fecuring 4 VV the Monies of Suitors in Prize Caufes depending in the 4 High Court of Admiralty, and the High Court of Appeal* for 4 Prizes:* May it pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King's Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembkd, and by the Authority of the fame. That the Regiftrar of the High Court of Admiralty and of the High Court of Appeals for Prizes, his Deputy or Deputies, do, within Three Months after the Commencement of this Ad, make out and deliver, duly certified, to the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, and to the Lords Commiffioners of Appeals for Prizes, true and perfed Schedules of all Monies, Exchequer Bills, Stocks and other Securities, belonging to any of the Suitors of the faid Courts, in his or their Hands, Cuftody or Power, fpecifying the Name of the Caufe, Proceeding or Matter, in or on account of which fuch Monies have been paid, or fuch Exchequer Bills, Stocks and other Securities, have been purchafed or transfemd, and do, within One Month after the Delivery of fuch Schedule*, pay, deltveT and transfer the whole of fuch Monies, Exchequer Bills, Stocks and Securities, to the Governor and Company of the Bauk of England, to an Account to be raifed in the Books of tbe faid Governor ond Company, and to be entitled u The Account of the Regiftrar of the High Court of Admiralty and High Court of Appeals for Prizes," inferring the Name of fuch Regiftrar for the time being; and all fuch Monies, Exchequer Bilk, Stocks and Securities fo to be paid, delivered and transferred as aforefaid, fhall be placed to the like Account; and at the time of fuch Pay-ment, Delivery and Transfer, the faid Regiftrar or his Deputy (hill receive from the Bank a Certificate of the Transfer of fuch Stock, and a Receipt for fuch Monies, Exchequer Bills and Securities, and forthwith file fuch Certificate and Receipt in the High Court of Admiralty, and High Court of Appeals for Prizes.

2	II.	And





C.i5**

A.D.i8*3*	GEO.	HI;

«75

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That when toy Money (hall Monieihweafter

hereafter be paid into the High Court of Admiralty, ot High	**

Court of Appeals for Prizes, on account of any Prize Suit de- n°ty™&Cm uk^* pending therein, the Regiftrar of fuch Courts, or his Deputy, t0 p^it,

(hall forthwith pay the fame into the Bank to fuch Account as aforefaid, and (hall take a Certificate from one of the Cafhiers of the Bank of his paying the fame, which Certificate (hall be filed in the High Court of Admiralty, or High Court of Appeals for Prizes, as the cafe may be.

III.	And be it further ena&ed. That if the total Amount of the Wow Moneyre-Sums fo authorized to be retained by the Regiftrar (hall at any t*’nc<l h3\R^ time exceed the Sum of Ten tboufand Pounds, the faid Regiftrar when™ «xc««ds or his Deputy (hall, within One Week after fuch Excefs happening, xo/sooU report the fame to the Judge of the faid High Court of Admiralty,

who (hall thereupon order fuch Part of the Monies’fo retained, at to him (hall feem expedient, to be lodged in the Bank fo as to reduce the Amount in the Regiftry to the Sum of Ten tboufand Pounds.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed. That when any Money (hall there- Order for hi-after, by the High Court of Admiralty, or the High Court of verting Money ia Appeals for Prizes, be ordered to be in veiled in Government Securities,

the Species of the particular Securities in which the fame (hall be cU^Spsdes. ***" dire6ted to be in vetted, (hall be mentioned in the Order ; and the faid Regiftrar or his Deputy (hall forthwith inveft the fame accordingly ; and in cafe any Part thereof (hall confift of Eajl India Bonds,

Exchequer Bills, Tallies or Orders, the fame (hall be delivered in at the Bank, and placed to fuch Account of the Regiftrar# as before mentioned j ana if any of fuch Securities (hall confift of Government . Stocks or Annuities, the fame (hall be transferred to the faid Regiftrar or his Deputy, who (hall make a Declaration of Truft in the Books of the Bank, that the fame is fubje& to the Orders of the faid High Court of Admiralty, or High Court of Appeals for Prizes, and (hall take a Certificate thereof from the proper Officer at the Bank, and likewife enter the fame in his Book at the Bank, that the Bank may receive the Dividends thereupon ; and the faid Regiftrar (hall from time to time make a Report of all fuch Securities to the (aid Court of Admiralty, or Court of Appeals for Prizes, fpecifying the Dates and Numbers of fuch Bonds, Tallies and Orders, ana Quantities of Stock, and of the time of the Transfer of fuch Stock to him, of which a clear and proper Entry (hall he kept, in fuch manner as the Judge of the faid Court of Admiralty (hall diredfc.

V.	And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid. That J°

from and after fuch Payment, Delivery and Transfer, the Bank (hall Ex^hequw^BiS receive all Intereft due upon fuch Exchequer Bills and other *c. ^ Securities, as likewife the Dividends of all fuch Stocks in the Company's Books transferred to the faid Account; and the faid Regiftrar (hall, for that Purpofe, by a proper Authority in Writing, empower one of the Cafhiers of the Bank to receive the fame, and from time to time fuch Intereft. of Money and Dividends on Stock (hall to be placed the faid Regiftrar's Credit in the (aid Account.

VI.	And be it further eoafted, That when any Securities depofitfd Whsn^curWss or to be depoiited at the Bank (hall be directed by Order of t||e

Court to be delivered out, an Order or Decree (hall be made, under ^ *sgned by • the Dire&ion of the Court, of the Securities to be delivered out, th« Repfcu.

X x 2	together





When Stock transferred to Suitors, Pro&or to certify to Re-fiftrar what Stock trao»-ferred, dec.

Certificate fuf-dkrient for Registrar to transfer.

How Money faid to Suiters.

Judge of Admiralty Court to make further Orders and Regulations as neceffarr.

Prorifo for cea* uin Money

together with the Number*, Date* and Sum*, and the None of the Caufe or Matter wherein the fame are to be delivered out; which Order or Decree (hall be figned by the faid Regillrar or his Deputy, and pafs under the ufual Seal of tne Court in which the Caufe is de-pending, and the fame (hall be a proper Authority to the Bank to deliver over fuch Securities, and enter the Delivery thereof in the Regillrar’s Account.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That when any Stock in any of the Company's Books (hall be ordered ts be transferred to any of the Suitors of the faid Court of Admiralty, or Court of Appeals for Prizes, the Pro&or (hall certify onder hit Hand to the Regillrar or his Deputy, what Stock he is by foch Order to transfer, and to whom; which Certificate the faid f rofior concerned (hall carry to the Regillrar, who fhall by himfelf or Deputy, within One Week, or at the next opening of the refpe&ive Company’s Books, attend and deliver fuch Certificate to the proper Officer of fuch Company, and transfer fuch &tock, or give fuffiaeot Authority to tome other Perfon fo to do.

VIII.	And it is hereby ena&ed, That fuch Certificate IhaD be an Authority to the refpe&ive Companies to permit the laid Re-giftrar, or other Perfons by him lawfully authorized, to transfer fuch Stocks; of which Transfer the faid Regillrar or his Deputy is to make his Report, and file the fame in the proper Court; and the Transfer of fuch. Stock (hall be certified by the Regillrar or his Deputy, to the Bank, in order that fuch Stock may be dif charged out of the Account of the faid Regillrar in his Book there.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That when any Money beloogur to the Suitors of either of the faid Courts, received bv the Bank purfuant to the Dire&ions of this A&, (hall be dire&ea to be paid by Order of either of the faid Courts, the Pro&or concerned (ball certify under his Hand to the faid Regillrar or his Deputy, whit Sum he is by fuch Order to pay* and to whom ; and on the feme being filed, the faid Regillrar or his Deputy (hall, by Note under his Hand, draw on the Bank for fo much Money as (hall be direded to be paid, upon Checque Paper, fairly written and figned by the Regillrar or his Deputy, which Note (hall be fufficient Authority to the Bank to pay fuch Money to the Perfon or Perfons mentioned in fuch Note, or to fuch Perfon as he, (he or they, by Indorfement, (hall order to receive the fame, as likewife to write off the lame from fuch Regifbar’s Account: And, for the better and more effe&oally carrying this A& into Execution, the Judge for the time being of the High Court of Admiralty, and the Lords Comraiflbnen of Appeals for Prizes, are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time to make all fuch further Orders and Regulations in Writing, to be figned by them, as they (hall deem ncceffary and proper for effe&uating all or any of the Purpofes hereinbefore exprefied: Provided always, that when any fuch Orders (hall be made, fuck Regillrar (hall caufe a true Copy thereof, figned by him, to be tranfmitted to the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, who, after receiving fuen Orders, (hall caufe the liuae to be obferved in the feme manner as if fuch Orders had origiully formed a Part of or been contained in this A&.

X.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That nothing in tbii A & contained (hall extend or be conilrued to extend to any Moans

or



A*D«i9i

530 GEO. m.

C 151, 15a.

*77

or Securitiefc for Monies, paid or to be paid into'the High Court of Admiralty of England\ in the Inftance Jurifdi&ioo thereof.

XI* Provided alfo, That the Regulations of this A& (hall not extend nor be conftrued to extend to any Sum not exceeding Two hundred Pounds, paid or to be paid into either of the afofefaid Courts of Admiralty or Appeals in any Prize Suit; but all fuch Sums (hall be allowed to remain in the Hands of the fald Regiltrar or his Deputy, to anfwer the current Bufinefs of the (aid Office; provided the whole Amount of fuch Sum do not exceed Ten thoufand1 Pounds.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons /hall, from and after the Period of Three Months after the Com* mencement of this Ad, forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly ad or affifl in the forging or counterfeiting, the Name or Hand of the faid Regiftrar for the time being of the High Court of Admiralty or High Court of Appeals for Prizes, or nis Deputy, or any of the Cafhlers of the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to any Certificate, Entry, Indorfement, Declaration of Truft, Note, Dire&ion, Authority, Inftrument or Writing whatever, for or in order to the receiving or qbtaining any of the Money or EfFeds of any of the Suitors of the fjiid Courts, or either of them, or (hall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be foiged or counterfeited, or willingly ad or affifl in forging or counterfeiting, any Certificate, Entry, Indorfement, Declaration of Truft, Note, Diredlion, Authority, Inftrument or Writing, made by fuch Regiftraj or his Deputy, or any of the Cafhiersof the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or (hall utter or publifh any fuch, knowing the fame to be forged or counterfeited, with Intention to defraud any Perfon whatfoevet, then every fuch Perfon and Perfons fo offending (being thereof lawfully convided ) (hall be and is hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of Felony.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That none of the Provifions or Regulations of this Ad (hall commence at or take Effed until after the Expiration of the Intereft now veiled in the prefent Regiflrar of the High Court of Admiralty, and the High Court of Appeal for Prizes 5 any thing hereiu contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

paid into Court of Admiralty :

And forSumt not exceeding 200L paid into Courts of Admiralty ur Appeak.

Forging Nam* ofRegiftrar,**.

Felony.

CovnmencMBeif

of Ad.

CAP. CLII.

An Aft to continue until the Firft Day of January One thonfand eight hundred and nineteen, an Aft made in the Fifty firft Tear of His prefent Majefty, to explain and amend the Laws touching the Ele&ions of Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for England, refpeding theExpences of Hufting3 and Poll Clerks, fo far as regards the City of IVeJImwJbr.

[20th July 1813.3

4 TTTHEREAS the Law hereinafter mentioned bath by Ex-4 VV perience been, found ufeful and beneficial, and is near ex-4 piring ; and it is therefore expedient that the fame (hould be con-4 tinued Be it therefore enaded by the King’s Moft ’Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords C0Btimi#* Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this prefent Parliament

X x 3	affembled.





^^3‘C.ua

Additional Annuities grant*! to Judges on Re-Agnation of O&cm.

C. 15^1153.	530 GEO. III.	A.D.i8i$.

affembled, and by the Authority of the feme. That an Ad made in the Fifty firft Year of His prefeot Majefty’* Reign, intituled An AA to extend an AS made in the Eighteenth Tear of Hie late Majefiy King George the Second, to explain and amend the Laws touching the E US tons of Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for England, receding the Extences of Hufings and Poll Clerks, fo for as regardi tf>e City of Weftminftcr 5 (hall be and the fame is hereby continued until the Firft Day of January One thoufend eight hundred an4 nineteen.	'	•	*

GAP. CUD.

An A & to enable His Majefiy to grant additional Annuities to the Judges of the Courts in Wejlminjler Hall, on their Refignation of their Offices.	[aoth	July	1813.]

* Mod Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Adpafied in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of Hi* prelent Majefty, intituled An AS for the 4 Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in Weft-I minder Hall, and alfo of the Lords of Se/fion* Lords Commiftoncri 4 of Jujliciary and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, and for «• * ailing His Majefiy to grant Annuities to Perfons in certain Offices is * the Jaid Courts of Weft minder Hall on their Refignation of their € refpedive Offices : And whereas it is expedient that further Prorifiod • fhould be made for fuch Perfons as have held the Offices of Chief 4 Juftice of the Court of King's Bench, of Mafter of the Rolls, of • Chief Juftice of the Court of Common Pleas, and the Chief Baron * of the Exchequer, and the Juftices'of the Court of King's Bench * and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Exchequer rvfpe&ively, 4 iu the Event of their quitting the faid OfficesWe, your "Majefty's' mod dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament afTembled, do mod humbly befeech You:1 Majefty that it may He enaded ; and be it enaded by the King's Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament. afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, Thaf it (hall be lawful for His Maiefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to give and grant unto any Perfon who may or (hall have executed the Office of Chief Juftice of the Court of King's Bench, Mafter of the Rolls, Chief Juftice &f the Common pleas, or Chief Baron of th* Exchequer refpedively, and who fhall refpedively have refigned the fame, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds ; and to any Perfdn who may or ftiall hare executed the Office of Puifne Judge of the Court of King's Bench or Common Pleas, or of Baron of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer, and:who fhall have refigned the fame, an Annuity or

Pimy ^ Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Six hundred ouqds*. which faid feveraj and refpedive Annuities fhall be in Addition to and in Augmentation o{ the refpedive, Annuities or yearly Sums allowed to be given and granted to fuch Perfons re* fpedively, under the ProvSons of the faid recited Ad of the Thirty ninth Year aforefaid, and in like manner to commence from •ad after the Period twheq the Perfon tq whom any fuch Annuity

.........................................	,	•	n



A«D*1813*

530 GEO. III.	C.	1	S3,154.	679

or yearly Sum of Money (hall be granted as aforefaid (hall hare resigned his faid Office, and to continue from thenceforth for and during the natural Life of the Perfon to whom the fame (hall be granted as aforefaid ; and every fuch Annuity or yearly Sum of Money (hall be ifTued and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Confolidated Fund, next in order of Payment to and after paying or referving fufficient to pay all fuch Sum or Sums of Money as have been directed by any former A6t or A&s of Parliament to be paid out of the fame, but with like Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Several Annuities and Annuitit* free

yearly Sums of Money (hall from time to time from the granting J**w^e*-thereof be payable and paid Quarterly free and clear from all Taxes t**.	*

and Dedu&ions whatfoever, except the Duty charged by an A£t

palled in the Forty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, 46 0.3. c.65, intituled An A8 for granting to His Majefty during the prefent War% and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace% further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain on the Rates and Duties on Profits arifing from Property , Profeffions, Trades and Offices ; and for repealing an A8 paffied in the Forty fifth Tear of His prefent Majefty, for repealing certain Parts of an A8 made in the Forty third Tear of His prefent Majefty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arifing from Property9 Profeffions^ Trades and Offices, and to confolidate and render more effiedual the Provifions for colliding the faid Dutiesx by even and equal Portions at the like Periods, and together with and in the fame manner as the Annuities and yearly Sums which may be given and granted under the faid recited A& and under and fubjedt to the like Rules, Regulations and Reftri&ions (as far as the fame are applicable), as are contained and preferibed in the faid recited Adi ir^ relation to the Annuities or yearly Sums of Money therein allowed to be given and granted.

III.	And be it further enadfced* That the faid recited Adi, and all PrwHknw of Claufes, Provifions, Rules, Regulations, Matters and Things therein, contained (fo far as the fame are applicable and are not hereby *** altered), mall be in force and be applied to <;arry into Effeft the furpoles of this AdU

#	TT7KERENS fince the Eftablifhment of the Militia of Ireland*

•	YV certain yearly Penfions have from time to time been paid

•	under the Dire&ion of the Governors of the Royal Hofpital at

*	Ktlmainham to Non Commiffioned Officers and Privates who had 4 ferved in the faid Militia and had been difeharged therefrom, but

*	who, according to the Term* ofahe. feveral Adtg of Parliament

*	made in that Behalf refpcdtivcly, were.not by Law entitled to re-4 ceive the fame : And whereas tbfc laid Payments have been made 4.bona fide under an Opinion that, the fame were, warranted and

CAP. CLIV.

An Aft to render valid, and to authorize the Payment and granting of certain Penfions at Ktlmainham Hofpital, and to. empower the Commiffioners of the faid Hofpital tq com* mute Penfions fox a Sum of Money in certain Cafes.

[2Qth July 1813.}'

4 required.

 LiOOQle

68o	C. 154.	'	53”	GEO.	HI.	JLD.U13

4 required by Law, and tbe feveral Perfons who haw fo veoeM

•	fuch yearly Penfions having been led thereby to exped and rdf 4 on the Continuance thereof refpedively at a Provifiou for Life,

*	have become chiefly, if not entirely dependent thereon for their I 4 future Support $ it is therefore expedient that the Payment of the

4 faid Penfions (hould be confirmed and continued ;* Be it therefore enaded by the King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ad Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all and every Payment and Payments which fkm ^med h an or may have he*n made at any time before the paffing of this Afi, by otwonior v«)id. or u°der the Dhrcdion or Authority of the faid oovernors, orrf any Committee or Committees thereof, or of any One or more of the faid Governors authorized, empowered or appointed to ad for or 00 behalf of the whole, to any Perfon or Perfons who had terved in the Irtfb Militia, as or for a Penfion or Provifion for or in refpedoffacb Service, (hall be and be deemed and taken to be good, valid mi lawful, and (hall be allowed and credited as fuch to tbe Perfon or Perfons making the fame ; any thing in any Ad or Ads of Pirfe-ment in force in Ireland to the contrary thereof in any wife aotwkh* Handing.

p«nfjonito	ii.	And be it further enaded, That, from and after the palling of

iwnfornttL*11 this Ad, every Perfon who (hall have ferved in and been dtfeharged on	from the Irifb Militia, and to whom any fuch Penfion (hall have beet

ordered or awarded at any time before the paifing of this Ad, for or in refped of fuch Service, by the faid Governors, and who ha not in any manner forfeited the fame, (hall continue to receive and (ball be entitled to receive the fame from time to time, for fuch Tern and in fuch manner and under and fubjed to fuch and the fine Terms, Conditions, Limitations and Reftri&ions as if tbe Order, Refolution or Ad of the faid Governors, or of any Committee or Committees thereof, or of any One or more of the faid Gomom authorized, empowered or appointed to ad for or on behalf of tbe whole, whereby any fuch Penfion was ordered or awarded to ha refpedively, had at the time of making fuch Order, Refoludoa or Ad been fully warranted by Law; any thing in any Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

51	&5.C.X18.	« HI. And whereas by an Ad pa (Ted in the Fifty firft Year of

$	4 His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AQ to permit tbe Inter*

4 change of tbe Englifh and Irifh Militiai reJbeSivefy, it is, amoogft 4 other things, provided that all Non Commiffioned Officer!,

4 Drummers and Private Men, of the (aid Militias, whofe Semes 4 (hould become extended to all Parts of the United Kingdom by 4 virtue of the faid Ad, who fhouid be difabled in adual Service, Infte&d of Chel- 4 (hould be entitled to tbe Benefit of Cbelfea Hofpital; but the ^ofP*t4,»	4 Royal Hofpital of Kilmainbam is not mentioned therein ;* For

Remedy whereof, be it enaded. That all Non Commiffioned Officer* land enthledVo ^dimmers and Private Men of fuch Force who (hall be fo difahkd is Kilmainbam.	Ireland,	(hall be entitled to the Benefit of the Royal Hofpital st

S a G. 3. c.109. Kilmainbam inftead of Cbelfea HofpitaL

4 IV. And whereas an Ad was palled in the Fifty fecond Year of 4 Hit prefent Majefty's Reign, to empower the Commiffioeers of 4 Cbelfea Hofpital to commute Penfions for a Sum of Money is 4 certain cates therein mentioned % and it is expedient that a fimilar

4 Power

 t^-ooQie

€8t

A.D.iS)J.	53°GEO.ilI.»	C. 154,155.

L Fow (hould be granted to the Commiffioners of the Royal Hof* * pital at Ki/mainbam Be it therefore ena&ed, That it (halt and may fc»e lawful for the Commiffioners of the Royal Hofpital at Kilmainbam to give to any Soldier not a Native of the United Kingdom who may tsave been or may be difcharged, and may be entitled to any Out Pen* Cion or Allowance from the Royal Hofpital a Kilmainbam by reafon of Service, or having become invalid or difabled, and who (hall be defirous of redding out of Ireland$ and who may be recommended for that Purpofe, by any Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to be fignified to the faid Commiffioners by the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or in his Abfence by the Under Secretary for the Military Department, fuch Sum of Money in grofs, in lieu of and for the Purchafe of fuch Annual Penfion or Allowance as may be direfted by fuch Order in that Behalf; any thing contained in any former Adi or Ads of Parliament to the contrary not with (landing.

V. And be it further, enadled, That the Money to be paid as aforefaid to any fuch Perfon as an Equivalent for the Pen(ion or Allowance to which he is entitled, (hall be paid out of any Money voted for or applicable to the Payment of Penfions or Allowances to difcharged Soldiers under the Management of the Commiffioners of the Royal Hofpital at Kilmainbam ; and the Receipt of the Perfon receiving fuch Equivalent (hall be a full Difcharge for the laid Commiffioners for the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo paid by them as aforefaid, and (hall alfo be a Difcharge by the Perfon giving focb Receipt of all Claims to any future Payment of the faid Pen* £on or Allowance : Provided always, that no fuch Receipt (hall be liable to any Stamp Duty.

CAP. CLV.

An Aft for continuing in the Eajl India Company, for 4 further Term, the Poffeffion of the Britijh Territories in India, together with certain exclufive Privileges; for efla-blifhing further Regulations for the Government of the faid Territories, and the better Adminiftration of Juftice within the lame; and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the faid Company’s Charter.

[21ft July 1813.]

•	TXT HE REAS by an Aft of the Parliament of Great Britain%

•	W paffed in the .Thirtv third Year of His prefent Majcfty’s

•	Reign, for continuing in the Eqfi India Company, for a further

•	Term, the Poffeffion of the Britijh Territories in India, together

•	with their exclufive Trade, under certain Limitations, and for

•	other Purpofes 5 the Poffeffion and Government of the Britijh 4 Territories in India, together with an exclufive Trade in, to and

•	from the Eajl Indiet, and other the Limits deferibed in an A ft

•	made in die Ninth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, or 1 ins certain Charter of the Fifth Dayof September, in the Tenth Year

•	of the fame King, were continued in the United Company of Mer-4 chants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, for a Term thereby « limited, tinder certain Regulations and Conditions: And whereat < by an Aft of the Parliament of Ireland, palled in the lame Thirty

4 third

Perfons entitled to BeneSt of ' Kilraainham Hofpital defirous of refidinr out of Ireland may receive a Commutation for Penfions.

Equivalent for Penfion paid out t.f Money voted for Soldiers Penfions.

Stamp Duty.

33 0-3-

9	St 10 W. 3. c-44- §61.

Charter, 5 Sept.

10	W. 3.

33 C. 3 (!•)

*•3*.



«8a

C.155.	53°GE0.1IL	A.D.1813.

*	third Year of His prefent Majefty*® Reign, for regulating the Trade 4 of Ireland, to and from the Eafi Indies, under certain Conditions

*	and Provifions, for a time therein mentioned, the exclufive Privilege

*	granted to the faid United Company by the faid Ad of the Par.

*	liament of Great Britain were confirmed, fubjeft to certain Condi-

33 G-3» «• 5»*	4 tions and Reftriftions: And whereas it is expedient that the Ter-

4 ritoriai Acquifitions mentioned in the faid Aft of the Parliament

*	of Great Britain of the Thirty third Year of His prefent Majefty,

*	together with fuch other Territorial Acquifitions on the Condom

*	of Afia, or in any I Hands fituate to the North of the Equator, as ‘ are now in the Pofleflion and under the Government of the faid 4 United Company, with the Revenues thereof, (hould, without Pre-4 judice to the undoubted Sovereignty of The Crown of the United

*	Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in and over the fame, or to 4 any Claim of the faid United Company to any Rights, Franchifes

*	or Immunities, remain in the Pofleflion and under the Gorernment r of the faid United Company for a further Term ; fubjed to fuch 4 Powers and Authorities for the Superin tendance, Dire&ion and

*	Controul over all Afts, Operations and Concerns, which relate to 4 the Civil or Military Government or Revenues of the faid Ter-4 ritories, and to fuch further or other Powers, Authorities, Rules, 4 Regulations and Reftriftions, as have been already made or prodded 4 by any Aft or Afts of Parliament in that Behalf, or are made and

’	4 provided by this Aft s And whereas it is expedient that, from and

4 after the Tenth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and 4 fourteen, the Right of trading, trafficking and adventuring, ia, to 4 and from all Ports and Places within the Limits of the faid Uoited 4 Company’j prefent Charter, fave and except the Dominions of the 4 Emperor of China, fhould be open to all His Majefty’s Subjoin 4 common with the faid United Company, fubjeft to certain ReguU-4 tions and Provifions; but that the exifting Reftraints refpe&ingthe 4 Commercial Intercourse with China (hould be continued, and the 4 exclufive Trade in Tea preferred to the faid Company, during the

*	further' Term hereby limitedMay it therefore gleafc Your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it eoafted by tne King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parfa-

Fonner territo- ihent aflembled, Sind by the Authority of the fame, That the Terri-rial Acquifitions torial Acquifitions mentioned ip the faid Aft of the Parliament of l^e Acquifition* Great Britain, of the Thirty third Year of His prefent Majefty, on Continent of together whh fuch of the Tem to rial Acquifitions fipet obtaiped upon Afia. or in any	the Continent of Afia% or in any Iflands fitupte to {he No^th of the

fl^nd North of	Equator, as are now in the Ppfleffion of and uqder the Government

he Equator, to cf thc faid United Company, with the Revenues thereof refpeftirely, continue in	an(j continue in the Pofleflion and upder the Go^nnnpit

EalUndii Com- of the kid United Company, fubjeft to fuch Powers ^nd Authorities pjny.for further for the Superintendance, Direftion and Controul oyer all Ads, Ope-Term.	rations and Concerns which relate to the Civil or Military Gptefy«

ment or Revenues of the faid Territories, and to fuch further other Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations and Reflridioni, at have been already-made or provided by any Aft or Afts of Parliament in that Behalf, or are made and provided by this Aft, for a further 'ferm, to be computed from the faid Tenth Day of April One;

\





kJ).i8i3*	53*GEO. HI.	C.155.	683

hern land eight hundred and fourteen, until the fame (hall be deter* oined by virtue of the Provifo hereinafter contained.

II.	And be it further enaded, That the foie and exdufive Right Exdufive Trad# >f trading, trafficking and ufing the Bufinefs of Merchandize in, to China, and ind from the Dominions of the Emperor of China, and the whole, Trade '"JL*"’ 'ole and exdufive Right of trading and trafficking in Tea, in, to and n^^eajed# by from all Iflands, Ports, Havens, Coafts, Cities; Towns and Places, w repugnant to between the Cape of Good Hope and the Straights of Magellan, in Ad; continued Tuch manner as the fame Rights now are or lawfully may be exercifed during further or enjoyed by the faid United Company, by virtue of any Ad or Term. Charter now in force, but not further or otherwife; and all and lingular the Profits, Benefits, Advantages, Privileges, Franchifes,

Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Rights, Remedies,

Methods of Suit, Penalties, Forfeitures, Difabilities, Provifions,

Matters and Things whatsoever, granted to or vetted in the faid

Company by the faid Ads of the Thirty third Year of Hi3 prefent 33 C.3. 0.5a.

Majefty or either of them, for and during the Term limited by the 33 ^.3.(1.)

faid Ad of the Parliament of Great Britain, and all other the Enad- c* 3*-

xnents, Provifions, Matters and Things contained in the faid Ads of

the Thirty third Year of His prefent Majefty, or in any other Ad

or Ads whatfoever, which are limited, or may be conftrued to be

limited, to continue for and during the Term granted to the faid

Company by the faid Ad of the Parliament of Great Britain of

the Thirty third Year of His prefent Majefty, fo far as the fame or.

any of them are in force, and not repealed by or repugnant to this Ad,

{hall continue and be in force during the further Term hereby granted to the faid Company; fubjed to fuch Alterations therein as may be made by any of the Enadments, Provifions, Matters and Things in this Ad contained.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That at any time On Expiration upon Three' Years* Notice to be given by Parliament after the f hre5 Xfar*' Tenth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and thirty one, and u.mcntany " upon Payment made to the laid United Company, of any Sum or ,jme ^er Sums cf Money, which according to the Provifions of a certain Ad April 1831, and of the Thirty third of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled lament of jin A8 for placing the Stock, called Eaft India Annuities, under the J™. is due from Management of the Goisernor and Company of the Bank of England, MnyjVerm^imd and ingrafting the fame on the Three Pounds per Centum Reduced exdufive Trade" Annuities, in Redemption of a Debt of Four millions two hundred to craft. thoufand Pounds owing by the Public to the Eaft India Company ; and 33 G-3* c-47-for enabling the faid Company to raife a Sum of Money by a further 8 7*

Inertafe of their Capital Stock, to he applied in Difcharge of certain

Debts of the faid Company, (hall, or may, upon the Expiration of the laid Three Years, become payable to the faid Company, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the faid Ad, then and from thenceforth, and not before or fooner, the faid Term hereby granted to the laid United Company, and all Right, Title and Iutereft of the faid United Company, to or in any exdufive Trade continued to the faid Company under the Provifions of this Ad, (hall ceafe and determine.

IV.	Provided alfo. That nothing in the faid Provifo lad herein-’ Not ro determine before contained, or in any Provifo in the faid Ad of the Ninth Year Corporation ot of King William the Third, or in'the faid Charter of the Fifth Day C«n»pjny,°r of September in the Tenth Year of His Reign, or in any other Ad in*cwu«oii pr Charter, contained, (hall extend or be conftrued to extend, to de- with other*.

K J	^	...	termine

 L,ooQle

<84 C.

g3* GEO. IIL	AJD.1813.

9*10. W.j c.44.

Notice hy Speaker deemed • due Notice by Parliament,

Any of Hit

Majefty** Subject after 10th April 1814 may trade to and from the United Kmpdnm, from and to Ports aud Places within Company’s pre-fcnt Limits, except China ; in Ships navigated according to Law.

1* Car.*, c x?.

§4.

IXS*

Not to prevent Importation of Goods, tba Pro* duct of any

termine the Corporation of the faid United Company, or to hinder, prevent or preclude the faid Company or their SuccefTors, from carrying on at all times after fuch Determination of their exclufive Trade as aforefaid, a Free Trade, in, to and from the Eajt Indies* and Limits in the faid laft mentioned Ad or Charter contained, with all or any Part of their Joint Stock in Trade, Goods, Merchandizes, Eftatcs and Effe&e, in common with other the Subjeds of His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflors, trading to, in and from the faid Parts or Limits.

V.	And be it further enaded, That any Notice in Writing, fignifled by the Speaker of the Houfe of Commons for the time being, by order of the faid Houfe, fhall be deemed and adjudged a due and proper Notice by Parliament, to and for all the Ends, la-tents and Purpofes, for which any Notice is by this Ad directed to be given to the faid United Company.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That, from and after the faid Tenth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, it fhall and may be lawful for any of His Majefty’s Subjeds, in Common with the faid United Company, to export in Ships navigated according to Law, from any Port or Ports within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to all Ports and Places within the Limits hereinbefore referred to ; fave and except the Dominions of the Em* peror of China; any Goods, Wares and Merchandize, which can now, or may at any time or times hereafter be legally exported ; and alfo, in common with the faid Company, to import in Ships navigated as aforefaid, from any Port or Ports within the Limits aforefaid, fave and except as aforefaid, into the faid United Kingdom, any Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Produd or Manufadure of any of the Countries within the faid Limits, which can now or may at any time or times hereafter, be legally imported; fubjed neverthelefs to the feveral Reftridions, Conditions and Limitations, in this Ad contained.

4 VII. And whereas by a certain Ad pafled in the Twelfth Year

*	of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An A3 for

*	couraging and increajtng of Shipping and Navigation, it is eoadri,

4 That no Goods or Commodities, that are of Foreign Growth, Pro-4 dudion or Manufadure, and which are to be brought into England 4 Ireland, Wales, the Iflands of Guernfey ar.d Jerfey9 or Town of 4 Berwick vpon Tweed, in Englijh built Snipping or other Shipping 4 belonging to fome of the aforefaid Places, and navigated by EnA§

4 Mariners, as in the faid Ad mentioned, fhall be (hipped or brought 4 from any other Place or Places, Country or Countries, but only from 4 thofe ot the faid Growth, Produdion or Manufacture, er from thole 4 Ports where the faid Goods and Commodities can only be or are or 4 ufually have been firft (hipped for Tranfportation, and from none ‘ other Places or Countries; Provided that the faid Ad or any thing 4 therein contained Ihould not extend or be meant to reftrain tbs 4 importing of any Eqft India Commodities, loaden in EurRfih-built 4 Shipping, and whereof the Mafter and Three fourths of the Ma-4 riners at leaft are English, from the ufual Place or Places of lading 4 of them in any Part of thofe Seas to the Southward and Eaftwazd 4 of Cabo Bona Speranza9 although the faid Porta be not the very 4 Places of their Growth5’ Be it cnaded. That it (hall and may be lawful for His Majefty’s Subjeds, in Ships navigated according to Law, to import, under the Authority of tbia Ad, into the laid

United



•A.D.iSij.	530GEO.	III.	C.i55.	685

Ignited Kingdom, from all Ports and Placet within the Limits of Placet trMihi

the faid Company's Charter; fave and except the Dominions of the ^«ter, except

Emperor of China ; any Goods, Wares or Merchandize the Produft Places**

or Manufafture of any Country within the Limits of the faid Com- wicharter

pany's Charter, except Tea, although fuch Goods, Wares or Mer- except China. *

chandize may not be of the Growth, Produftion or Manufafture of the

Place or Country from which the fame (hall have been (hipped or

brought, or have been (hipped or brought from the Port where fuch

Goods or Commodities can only be, or are, or ufually have been, firft

(hipped for Tranfportation, nor the ufual Place for lading the fame; the

faid Aft or any other Matter or Thing to the contraiw not with (landing.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it (hall

not be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons, fave only the faid United None but Com-Company or fuch as (hall obtain their fpecial Leave and Licence in licence to trade Writing, or a fpecial Leave and Licence in Writing under their \aTej 1 Authority, for that Purpofe, to (hip, carry or put on board any (hip in the Eajl Indies, or other Parts within the Limits aforefaid, or to import into the faid United Kingdom from any Port or Place whatsoever, any Tea 5 any thing in this Aft contained to the contrary notwithflandibg.

IX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted. That it (hall not Nor export be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons to carry any Military Stores to Military Stores any Place upon the Continent of AJia, between the River Indus and to cwtainPlace. the Town of Malacca on the Peninfula of Malacca inclufive, or in

any Ifland under the Government of the faid Company fituate to the North of the Equator, or to the faid Company's Faftory of Bencoolcn in the Ifland of Sumatra or its Dependencies; fave only the faid United Company, or fuch as (hall obtain their fpecial Leave and Licence in Writing, or a Special Leave and Licence in Writing under their Authority, for that Purpofe.

X.	Provided alfo, That it (hall not be lawful for any private Ship* in private

Perfon or Perfons to export any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, to Tnde to clear any Port or Place within the Limits of the faid Company's Charter, out	1

except in fome Ship or Ships to be cleared out from fome Port or S‘>rt !n U.nile7 Ports of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or to a)l Goods im-import any Goods, Wares or Merchandize from any Port or Place |>orted in private within the Limits aforefaid, except only into fuch Ports of the faid Trjde brought United Kingdom as (hall be provided with Warehoufes, together xo f?mf£ortJn with Wet Docks or Bafins, or fuch other Securities as (hall m the k-mi nhlw Judgment of the Lord High Treafurer, or of the Lords Commif- been declared fit fioners of the Treafury foi* the time being, or any Three or more of by Order in them in Great Britain and Ireland refpeftively, be fit1 and proper Council.

for the Depofit and fafe Cuflody of all fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as well as for the Colleftion of all Duties payable thereon, and (hall have been duly declared fo to be by the Order of His Majefty in Council in Great Britain, or by the Order of the Lord Lieutenant in Council in Ireland: Provided always, that Copies of all fuch Orders in Council to be ifiued as aforefaid, (hall have been publifhed Three times at leaft in the London or Dublin Gazette, as the cafe may be ; and Copies of all fuch Orders (hall be laid before both Houfes of Parliament, in the Seflion next after the tffuing of the fame refpeftively.

XI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That no Ship or Ships in prints Veffel engaged in Private Trade under the Authority of this Aft, Trade noc tog*

13	(hall	within c#rt,i*



686

C.tss-

53° GEO. HI;

AJD.1813.

Limits, without Licence from Dire&ors;

Nor to sny Places except principal Settle* ments without Special Licence. Dire&ors to give Licences for principal Settlements.

Special Licences for Continent of Alia, between the Indus and Malacca, or liUnds North of the Equator or Bemoolen, to be at Difcretion of Dire&ors, fuh-je& to Controul of Board of Com-mitlioners, who •re to record their Keaions.

1.1icences for other Places more North than 11 Deg. South Lut. and between 64 and 150 Deg. Eaft Long, granted by Board ot\ ontroul, who are to frame Rules for fame ; and in Cafes not falling within Rules, Special cuxumftinces

(hall proceed to any Place within the Limits of the (aid Company’s Charter fituate on the Continent of	from	the	River Indus

to the faid Town of Malacca indufive, or in any Ifland under the Government of the faid Company lying to the North of the Equator, or to the (aid Company’s Fa&ory of Bencoolcn or its Dependencies, without a Licence to be granted for that Purpofe from the Court of Dire&ors of the faid United Company ; and that no fuch Ship or Veflel, uolefa fpecialJy authorized as hereinafter mentioned, (hall proceed to any Port or Place within the Limits la ft mentioned, except to fome or one of the principal Settlements of Fort WUBam9 Fort Saint George, Bombay and Prince of Wales Ifland : And when and as often as any Application (hall be made to the faid Court of Dire&ors for a Licence on Behalf of any fuch Ship or Veflel about to proceed from the faid United Kingdom to any of the (aid Company's principal Settlements, the faid Company (hall and they are hereby required forthwith to iflue their Licence for that Purpofe, according to fuch Form as (hall hereafter be fettled by the (aid Court of Dire&ors, with the Approbation of the Board of Com-mifiioners for the Affairs of India : And when and as often as any Application (hall be made to the faid Court of Dire&ors for a Licence fpecially authorizing any fuch Ship or Veflel to proceed to any Place or Places upon the Continent of djiay from the River Indus to the faid Town of Malacca incluflve, or in any Ifland under the Government of the faid Company lying to the North of the Equator, except the (aid Company’s principal Settlements, or to the faid Company’s Fa&ory of Bencoolcn or its Dependencies, the faid Court of Dire&ors (hall, within Fourteen Days from the Receipt thereof, unlefs they (hall think (it to comply therewith, tranfmit the fame to the faid Board of Commiflioners for the Affairs of India, together with any Representation which the faid Court may think proper to make upon the Subjc& of fuch Application ; and in cafe the faid Board of Commiflioners (hall think fit to dire& the faid Court of Dire&ors to iflue any fuch Licence or Licences, the faid Court of Dire&ors (hall and they are hereby required forthwith to iflue the fame, upon fuch Terras and Conditions as the faid Court of Dire&ors, with the Approbation of the faid Board of Com* miflioners, (hall from time to time think fit: Provided always, that in all cafes in which the faid Board of Commiflioners (hall dire& the faid Court of Dire&ors to iflue any fuch Licence which they (hall have declined to iflue without fuch Dire&ion, the Special circum-fiances inducing them to give fuch Dire&ion (hall be recorded in the Books of the faid Board.

XII. Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed. That no Ship or Veflel engaged in Private Trade under the Authority of this A&, clearing out from any Port or Ports within the United Kingdom, (hall proceed to any Place or Places fituate more to the Northward than Eleven Degrees of South Latitude, and between the Sixty fourth and One hundred and fiftieth Degrees of Eaft Longitude from London (faveand except Ports and Places upon the Continent of S\fiay from the River Indus to the faid Town of Malacca inclufive, or in any Ifland under the Government of the faid Company lying to the North of the Equator, and alfo fave and except the faid Company’s Fa&ory at Bencoolcn and its Dependencies) without a Licence from the (aid Board of Comjmflioaers for the

Affairs



A.D.1813*	J3°‘GE0.IIL	C.i	55*

Affairs of India ; and the faid Cotmniffioners (hall and they are hereby required from time to time to frame and publifh fuch Rules and Regulations for the granting of Licences in that Behalf, as they fhsdl think fit; and in all cafes in which any Licence (hall be granted by the faid Board of Commiffioncrs, other wife than according to fuch Rules and Regulations, the Special circumftances under which fuch Licence (hall have been granted, (hall be recorded in the Books of the faid Board, and communicated to the Court of Di-reftors.

XIII.	Provided alfo, That it (hall not be lawful for any Ship or VefTel, the regiftered Meafurement whereof (hall be lefs than .Three hundred and fifty Tons, other than fuch Ships or Veffels as may be employed by the faid Company as Packets, to clear out from any Port in tne United Kingdom, for any Port or Place within the Limits of the faid Company's Charter, or be admitted to Entry at any Port of the United Kingdom, from any Place within thole Limits.

XIV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That no Ship or VefTel engaged in Private Trade under the Authority of this Aft -(hall be permitted to clear out from or be admitted to Entry at any Port or Place within the United Kingdom, or Limits of the faid Company’s Charter, until the Mafler or other Perfon having the Command of fuch Ship or VefTel fhalbhave made out and exhibited a true and perfect Manifeft of the Cargo of fuch Ship or VefTel, to fuch Perfon or Perfons, according to luch Form, and fubjeft to fuch .Regulations as now are or hereafter may be preferibed by any Aft •r Afts pa(Ted or to be pafled for that Pufpofe.

XV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted. That no Ship or Veffel engaged in Private Trade under the Authority of this Aft (hall be permitted, to clear out from any Port of the faid United Kingdom, or any Place or Places under the Government of His Majefty or of the faid Company, fituate more to the Northward than Eleven Degrees of South Latitude, and between the Sixty fourth and One hundred and fiftieth Degrees of Eaft Longitude from l*nrdon, until the Mafter or other Perfon having the Command of fuch Ship or VefTel (hall have made out, and exhibited to the principal .Officer of the Cufloms, or other Perfon thereto authorized by fuch Government as aforefaid, at fuch Port of Clearance, upon Oath (which Oath fuch Officer or other Perfon is hereby authorized to adminifler) a true and perfeft Lift in fuch Form as (hall from time to time be fettled by the faid Court of Directors, with the Approbation of the faid Board of Commiffi oners, fpecifying and fetting forth the Names, Capacities and Defcriptions of all Perfons embarked or intended to be embarked on board iuch Ship or VefTel, and all Arms on board, or intended to be put on board the fame, or be admitted to entry at any Port in the faid United Kingdom, or any fuch Port within the Limits laft mentioned, until the Mailer or other Perfon having the Command of fuch Ship or VefTel (ball in the like manner have made out and exhibited to the principal Officer of the Cufloms, or other Perfon thereunto authorized, as aforefaid, upon Oath (which Oath fuch Officer or other Perfon is hereby authorized to adminifler) a true and perfeft Lift, in form to be fettled as aforefaid, fpecifying the Names, Capacities and Defcriptions of all Perfons on board, or who (hall have been on board fuch Ship or Veffel, from the

time

6$7

recorded, and' communicated to Dire&ort.

No Ship under 350 Tons, to clear out for or admitted to Entry within limits of .Company's Charter.

No Ship in private Trade to clear out or enter without a Manifelt.

No Ship in private Trade to clear out or enter without giving an atteftetf Lift of Perfons and Arms, and accounting for them.



t&8	c.155.	530	geo.	nr.	A.D.1813.

time of the failing thereof, to the time of ArriTal j and all Arm on board, or which (hall during fuch time have been on board foch Ship or Veffel; and the feveral Timet and Places at which fuch of the faid Perfons at may have died or left the faid Ship or Veffel, (hall have fo died, or left fuch Ship or Veffel, or fuch of the laid Anns as may have been difpofed of, have been fo difpofed of.

Copies of Lifts XVI. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That in every cafe received in En?- wfoere any fuch Lift (hall be received in any Port of the faid United toSwetary of K,llg^om, ff0m *nY Matter or other Perfon having the Command Court of Direc- anY Ship or Veffel, the Officer or other Perfon receiving tors and re- the fame (hall, and he is hereby required, with all reafonable Deceived in India, patch, to tranfmit a Copy of fuch Lift to the Secretary of the Court to Secretary of Gf Diredors of the faid United Company ; and in cafe fuch Lift 'overnmeat.	fhal] recejve(j \n any port jn the Eafi Indies, or other Place within

the Limits laft mentioned, fuch Officer or other Perfon receiving the fame (hall, and he is hereby required, in like manner to tranfmit t Copy of fuch Lift to the Chief Secretary of the Government to which the Port or Place in which fuch Lift (hall be received (hall be fubjed.	j

Articles of Silk,	XVII. And be it further enaded, That no Articles manufadured

Hair and Cotton of Silk, Hair or Cotton Wool, or any Mixture thereof, imported •d or ^takenc^t* un<^er Authority of this Ad, from any Port or Place within the ofWtrehoufcs, Limits of the faid Company’s Charter, (hall be entered or taken out except for Ex- of any Warehouse, except for Exportation, unlefs the fame (hill portation, unlefs have been brought into the Port of London, and depofited in the brought to Port Warehoufes of the faid United Company ; and that for the Purpofe of London, and Qf afcertajnjng the Duties payable upon all fuch Articles which dull pany’s^Ware^"" be dejpofited in the Warehoufes of the faid United Company, the houfes; which fame (nail be fold openly and publicly by Inch of Candle, or by way Articles (hall be of Public Auction, and in no other manner, under the Order and publicly fold to Authority of the Court of Directors of the faid Company, on the afeertain Dunes. Account of the proper Owners thereof; and that when any of fuch Goods (hall be bought in by the Owners, the whole Confignmenti fo bought in (hall and may be delivered out to them with all convenient •	Speed after the Sales thereof, upon Payment of the Duties and other

Charges to which the fame (hall be liable, without the a&ual Payment of the grofs Prices or Sale Amount of the faid Goods; and that all fuch Articles imported on board any fuch Ship, and depofited in the Warehoufes of the faid Company, and the Sales thereof (hall be in all refpeds fubjed to the Bye-Laws of the (aid Company, and the feveral Provifions of the faid Ad of the Parliament of Great

23 G.3. c.5a.

Treafury may authorize fuel) Articles, when brought to Out Pons, to be removed to Port of London to be fold for Home Con-fumption.

50 G, 3. c. 64

Si.

Britain of the Thirty third Year of His Majefty’a Reign, made and provided for the Management of Private Trade ; fave only and except as is otherwife direded, provided or authorized by this Ad.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord High Trcafurer or Lords Commit-fioners of the Treafury for the time being, to permit any Article! manufadured of Silk, Hair, Cotton Wool or any Mixture thereof, which may have been imported under the Authority of this Ad into any Part of the United Kingdom other than the Port of London, to be removed from fuch Port of Importation to the faid Port of London, for the Purpofe of Sale for Home Confumption, under fuch and the like Regulations as any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, may be removed from the Port in Great Britain where firft Warehoused, to

any

 CjOOQle

A.D.i8i3>

53° GEO. m.

G. is?.

699

any other Warehoufing Port by virtue of an Aft pafled in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS to permit the Removal of Goods, IVares and Merchandize from the Port in Great Britain where frjl Warchoufedto any other IVarchoufing Port9 for the Purpofe of Exportation : And all fuch Articles fo removed, (hall be depofited in the Warehouses of the faid United Company, and fold in the fame manner and under the fame Regulations and Provifions, as if the fame had been originally imported into the Port of London, and depofited in the Warehoufes of the faid United Company.

XIX. And be it further enafted, That" as well in the Port of London as in all other* Ports, all Articles manufaftured of Silk, Hair, Cotton Wool or any Mixture thereof, which (hall be imported under the Authority of this Aft from any Port or Place within the Limits of the faid Company’s Charter, and (hall be entered and taken out of any Warehoufe for Exporation, (hall be charged according to their Value, under all fuch Rules and Regulations, and fubjeft to the fame Penalties and Forfeitures as are pre-feribed, direfted and impofed for afeertaining and colledting Duties to be paid according to Value, by an Aft pafTed in the Twenty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for repealing the feveral Duties of Cujlotns and Extife, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the faid Duties together with others compofng the Public Revenue ; for permitting the Import a* tion of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Produce or Ma-ntsfaSure of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt, or by any other fubfequent Aft or Afts now in force.

XX* Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to prevent the making, during the further Term hereby granted to the faid Company, fnch further Provifions by Authority of Parliament as may from time to time be deemed ne-ceffary, for enabling His Majefty's Subjefts to carry on Trade and Traffic direftly or circuitoqfly as well between all Ports and Places fituate without the Limits of the faid Company’s Charter, and all Ports and Places (except the Dominions of the Emperor of China) fituate within thofe Limits, as between the faid United Kingdom, and all the laft mentioned Ports and Places except a» aforefaid; but without Prejudice to any of the Reftriftions or Provifions herein contained, a« to the Refort to and Refidence of any Perfons in the Eaft Indies and Parts aforefaid.

XXI. And be it further enafted, That fo much of an Aft palled in the Thirty firft Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for indemnifying all Perfons who have been concerned in advifing or carrying into Execution a certain Order of Council refpeS-ing the Importation of a limited Quantity of Saltpetre ; for repealing the Duties now payable upon the Importation of Saltpetre; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof as requires the faid Company, at their public Sales to put up certain Quantities of Saltpetre at cer-tain Rates ; or to referve and deliver into the Stores of His Majefty, bis Heirs and SucceiTors, certain Quantities of Saltpetre at certain Rates, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

53 Gao. III.	Y	y	XXII.	And

Such articles, when entered and taken out of Warehoufe* for Exportation, to be charged ad valorem.

27 O.3. C.XJ*

Provifions for authorizing private Trade as well between Places without as within Company's Limits, as between United Kingdom and thofe Limits, except Chino*

31 G.3. €.49* repealed*





<%*

9 & io W.3. c- 44* §6y. repealed.

C.15S.

53° geo. m.

A.D.1813.

XXII.	And be it further enaded, That fo much of the laid Ad of the Ninth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, or of any other Ad or Ads, as requires that all Goods and Merchandize belonging to any Private Trader to the Eafl India, which (hall be imported into England or Wales, (hall be fold openly and publicly by Inch of Candle, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded, That fo much of the faid Ads of the Thirty third Year of His prefent Majefty, or either of them, as requires the Court of Diredors of the faid Company to lay yearly before the Board of Commiflioners for the Affairs of India, an Invoice of the Quantities and Sorts of Cordage, Pitch and Tar, and the Number and Sizes of Mads and Spars, and the Number and Weight of Anchors exported, or intended to be exported by the faid Company; or as relates to the Admiffion of Individuals, by Authority of the faid Board of Commiflioners, to export or import any Goods, Wares or Merchandize on board the faid Company’s Ships; or to the providing or appropriating by the faid Company of Tonnage for the Private Trade; or to the Rate of Freight to be charged thereon; or to the Notices to be given to the Chief Secretary of the faid Company; or to the Chiet Secretary of the Per-Udency in India9 by Perfons intending to export or import Goods; or to the regiftering of Private Trade Goods, or to the granting Orders or Licences for (hipping fuch Goods in the Ships of the faid Company ; or as requires One or more of the Outward bound Ships of the laid Company to touch at the Port of Cork between the Month of 0Sober and the Month of February in every Year ; (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded. That all Goods, Wares and Merchandize of or belonging to the faid Company, exported or imported from or into any Ports or Places under the Government of the faid Company in the Eajl Indies, or other Places within the Limits of the faid Company’s Charter, (hall be fubjed to the Payment of the like Rates, Cuftoms and Duties of Import and Export, as the Goods, Wares and Merchandizes of the fame Kinds or Sorts, exported or imported in Private Trade, under the Authority of this Ad,, are or (hall be fubjed or liable to be charged with.

No Duties im- XXV. And be it further enaded. That no new or additional Im-pofetl in India	pofition of any Duty or Tax upon the Export, Import or Traufit

valid till fane-	of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatfoever, made or to be

tioned by Direc- made by Authority of the Governor General or Governor in Council, ovecHby*5oard	Company’s Prefidencies or Settlements in the

of Ctntroul.	Indies	or Parts aforefaid, (hall be valid or effedual, until the

fame (hall have been fandioned by the Court of Diredors of the (aid United Company, with the Approbation of the faid Board of Com-miffioners; which Saudion and Approbation (hall be iignihed to the faid Governments refpedively by iome Public Difpatch from the faid Court of Diredors, deferibing each Regulation for the Purpoies aforefaid, which (hall be fo fandioned and approved by its Tide at full Length, and exprefling that the fame is fo fandioned and approved ; and all fuch Regulations, when promulgated in the Indies by the faid Governments, (hall contain exprefs Mention that the fame are made with the Sandion of the (aid Court of Dire&ore, and with the Approbation of the faid Board of Commiffio&er* for

the

33 G. 3* e-J*

§83.

1*3-

$85.

187.89. $	93-

§103.

33 0.3. (L)

e.31. §8.

repealed.

Goods exported J or imported by Company fub-je& to fame Duties as thofe exported or imported in private Trade.

S





A.D.1813.

53° GEO. III.

C.IJ5*

69 I

the Affairs of India ; and fuch Mention (hall be taken as conclu-five Evidence of fuch Sanftion and Approbation in all Courts of Juftice.

4 XXVI. And whereas, by virtue of the faid Aft made in the 9&I0^r;3«

4 Ninth Year of King William the Third, the faid Company were c'44’ $ 7U*

4 authorized to receive a Duty of Five Pounds for every Hundred 4 Pounds of the true and real Value of all Goods, Wares and Mer-4 chandizes, of the Growth, Product or Manufacture of the Eajl 4 Indies, or other Parts within the Limits aforefaid, imported or • brought into the Kingdom of England in Private Trade, towards 4 defraying certain Charges in the faid Aft mentioned and fpecified :

4 And whereas the faid Company, before the palling of the faid 4	Aft made in	the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His prefent	33G-3-c«5*.

4	Majefty/ had,	over and betides the faid Duty of Five Pounds per

m Centum, been accuftomed to charge and receive, for their own Ufe,

4 after the Rate of Two Pounds per Centum on the Grofs Sale 4 Amount of all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported into the 9 Kingdom of Great Britain from the Eajl Indies in Private Trade,

4 in Recompence and Satisfaction of the Charges and Expences of € unfhipping and felling the fame, and otherwife in the Care and 4 Management thereof: And wherea3 by the firll mentioned Aft,

4	made in the	Thirty third Year of His prefent Majefty, it was	33 G, 3.	c.ja.

4	enafted, that,	from and after the Firft Day of March One thoufand	§ 99*

4 feven hundred and ninety four, the faid Duty of Five Pounds per 4 Centum (hould be repealed, and the faid Charge of Two Pounds 4 per Centum dilcontinued, and that in lieu thereof refpeftively, there 4 (hould be rendered and paid to the faid Company, during the 4 further Term by the fame Aft granted to them in their exclutive 4 Trade, a Duty or Allowance alter the Rate of Three Pounds ter 4 Centum on the Grofa Sale Amount of all Goods, Wares and Mer-4 chandizes, imported or brought into this Kingdom from the Eafi 4 Indies in Private Trade, including in fuch Value or Account, all 4 Duties and Charges payable in refpeft thereofBe it further enafted, That the faid Duty or Allowance in refpeft of Goods, Duty to Corn-Wares or Merchandize, imported in Private Trade, (hall be, and pany repealed, the fame is hereby wholly repealed.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That neither the 9&10W.3. faid Repeal of the faid Duty contained in the faid Aft of the Ninth Year of King William the Third, nor any thing in this Aft contained, irap0rted tfhall extend to releafe the Payment of the Duty or Allowance of into Port of Three Pounds per Centum in refpeft of any Articles of Silk, Hair, ‘London and de-Cotton Wool or any Mixture thereof, which being brought into the pofited in Coin-Port of Lendon by Private Merchants, Traders or other Perfons, Pany*War«-snay be depofited in the Warehoufes of the faid United Company, nor of the faid Duty of Five Pounds per Centum, or the faid Charge china; not to of Two Pounds per Centum, on any Goods, Wares or Merchandize affeft Engage-which (hall be brought Home and imported in any of the Ships of ments Cotn-the faid Company or in their Service from China ; nor to affeft any Covenants or Engagements now fubfifting, or hereafter to be made officer*, by or between tne faid Company, or on their Behalf, with the Matters or Commanders of the Company’s Ships, or with any other of the Officers or Servants of the faid Company, in whatever Employment or Capacity they may happen to be; but that all and every filch Covenants and Agreements (hall be and be held* deemed ana

Yy 2

taken



<?9*

C. 155.

53° GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

43 G. 3. c cxxvi. § 9X*

46 G. 3. c. exiii.

*3*.

Rates to E. T. Dock Company paid before Goods delivered to Owners or Confignees.

If Rates on Goods not paid to E. I. Dock Company before unloading, they may be fent to the E. I. Company's Warehouses to be fold, and Rates deduced from Purchafe Money.

43 0.3* c cxxvi,

35 G. 3. c. 1x5.

I I.

taken to be of the fame Force and Effedl as if the faid Repeal had not been enadled, or this Adi been made; the faid Repeal or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVIII,	And, for more effedlually fecuring to the Eajl India Dock Company the Rates and Duties granted and made payable to them by Two feveral Adis, one paffed in the Forty third Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for the further Improvement of the Port of London, by making Docks and other Works at Blackwall, for the Accommodation of the Eaft India Shipping in the faid Port; and the other paffed in the Forty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for altering and enlarging the Powers of an AS made in the Forty third Tear of tha Reign of His prefent Majefty, for the further Improvement of the Port of London, by making Docks and other Works at Blackwall, for the Accommodation of the Eaft India Shipping in the faid Port9 be it further enadled, That all the Rates and Duties by the faid Adis granted and made payable to the Eajl India Dock Company, for or iu refpedl of any Goods, Wares ur Merchandize, (hall be fully adjuiled, fettled and paid to the faid Eajl India Dock Company, or their Colledlors or Receivers, before fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize, (hall be delivered to the Ovner or Owners, or Confignee or Confignees thereof,

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That in cafe any Goods, Wares or Merchandize (hall be cleared or difcharged from any Ship or Veffel before the Rates and Duties payable to the faid Eajl India D*ck Company in refpedl of the fame (hall have been fully difcharged, then it (hall be lawful for the (aid Eajl India Dock Company to caufe fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandize, to be fent to and depofited in the Warehoufes of the faid United Company, and to be fold under the Order and Authority of the Court of Diredlors of the faid Company, on the Account of the proper Owners thereof; and the Rates and Duties payable to the faid Eajl India Dock Company in refpedl of the fame, and the reafon-able Expences of fending and depoliting the fame as aforefaid, (hall be dedudled and paid to the faid Eajl India Dock Company, their Receivers or Colledlors, in fuch manner as is diredled by the faid A ft of the Forty third Year of His prefent Majefty, with refpedl to the Rates or Duties thereby made payable ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

1 XXX. And whereas by *n Adi paffed in the Thirty fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for allowing for a limited time the Importation of Goods from India and China, and other Parts within the Limits of the exclujive Trade of the Eaft India Company, in Ships not of Britifti-^w/7/ nor regiftered as fuch ; and for the Exportation of Goods from Great Britain, by the fame Ships under certain ReJlriSions9 it was enadled, that if, during the Continuance of the then prefent War, and for Eighteen Months after the Conclufion thereof, any Ship freighted by the faid United Company with the Approbation of the faid Board of Commiflioners, with Home Inveftment of Goods from India or China or other Port* within the Limits of the faid Company’s Trade, fhould arrive in the Ports of Great Britain, it (hould and might be lawful upon Reprefentation made by or on Behalf of the faid Company to His Majefty in Council, for His Majefty, by and with the Advice of Hit Privy Council, to authorize the Importation and Entry of fuch

4 Goods,





*	Goods, fubjedl to the like Duties and no other, as if they were im-

*	ported in Britifb’huWt Ships, though fuch Goods fhould be brought

*	in Ships which might not be 2?r/7//2>-built, nor have been regiftered 4 as Britj/b-buAt Ships, nor navigated as required by the Laws then

*	in force; provided the faid Ships fhould have been built within the

*	Territories belonging to the faid United Company, or in the Ports

*	under the immediate Protedlion of the Britifh Flag in the EaJl 4 Indies ; and alfo to permit fuch Ships to export from Great Britain 4 to the Britifh Settlements in the EaJl Indies, or to any of the Places c within the Limits before mentioned, with the Licence and Confent

*	of the faid Company, any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatfo-

*	ever, Ordnance and Military Stores excepted ; and it was thereby 4 further enadted, that fuch Ships fhould not be liable to Forfei-4 ture, nor fhould any Perfons whatever be liable to any Penalty or 4 Forfeiture on account of any Importation of Goods, Wares or 4 Merchandize, in purfuance of the faid Adi, or of any Order or 4 Orders of His Majelly in Council, which might be iflued in virtue

*	thereof: And whereas by an Adi pafled in the Forty fecond 4 Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for making 4 perpetual fo much of an A3 made in the Nineteenth Tear of the 4 Reign of His prefent Majejly, as relates to the allowing a Draw-4 back of the Duties of Rum Jhipped as Stores to be confumed on board 4 Merchant Ships on their Vioyages ; and to continue feveral Laws 4 relating to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from 4 Great Britain to the Britifh Sugar Colonies in the Well Indies; until 4 the Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and 4 eight; to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of 4 Naval Stores from the Britifh Colonies in Amerifca, until the Twenty 4 ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and twelve ; 4 to the regulating the Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, 4 Nutmegs and Mace ; to the allowing the Importation of certain Fi/b 4 from Newfoundland and the Coajl of Labrador, until the Twenty 4 fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and eight ; and to 4 the allowing the Importation and Exportation of Goods from and to 4 India and China, in Ships not of Britifh built, during the Continuance 4 of the exclujive Trade to and from the Eaft Indies, granted to the 4 Fall India Company by an A3 of the Thirty third Tear of His 4 prefent Majejly*s Reignf the faid Adi of the Thirty fifth Year of 4 His Majefty's Reign was further continued during the Term 4 granted to the faid United Company, by the faid Adi of the 4 Parliament of Great Britain, of the Thirty third Year of His 4 Majefty’s Reign;’ Be it enacted, That the fame (hall continue and be in force until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, unlefs any Provifion (hall be made refpedt-ing the fame in the next Sefiion of Parliament; and that it (hall and may be lawful for His Majefly during fuch time, by any Order or Orders in Council to be made for that Purpofe, to authorize any of His Majefty’s Subjcdts to import into the faid United Kingdom from the EaJl Indies, and other Places within the Limits of the faid Company's Charter, fave and except the Dominions of the Emperor of China ; paying the like Duties only as if fuch Importation were made in Britifh Ships ; and to export from the faid United Kingdom to the EaJl Indies, and Places atorefaid, fave and except as aforefaid, Goods, Wares and Merchandize, except Tea, in all fuch

Y y 3	Ships

Si-

42 G. 3. c. 20.

§6.

His Majefty in Council may authorize private Traders to ufe India-built Shipi, for like Term.



Provifo.

Ships fo authorized not liable to Forfeiture.

Ships engaged in Southern Whale Fifhery may fail between Cape of Good Hope, and Streitfhts of Magellan:

35 G. 3. c. 92. But to have Licences for certain Limits, from Board of Controul.

No fuch Ship under 350 Tons, to fail without Licence from Board.

South Sea Whalers not to go to certain Places without Licence from Directors.

,C. 1530 GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

Ships as above mentioned, fubieft to fuch Regulations and CondL tions as His Majefly (hall think fit; any A&, Matter or Thine to the contrary notwithftanding : Provided always, that all Ships which may have commenced their Voyage from India at any time before the Expiration of One Year from the palling of this A6f (hall be deemed and taken to be equally entitled to the Benefit of the Pro-vifions hereinbefore contained as if fuch Ships had arrived in any Port of the United Kingdom during the faid Twelve Months.

XXXI.	And be it further ena&ed, That fuch Ships (hall not be liable to Forfeiture, nor (hall any Perfons whatever be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture on account of any Importation or Expor-tation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, in purfuance of this Adi, or of any Order or Orders of His Majetly in Council which may be iffued in virtue thereof.

‘ XXXII. And whereas it is necelfary to encourage the Fifltcry * carried on to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis'* Streightsy by extending the Limits now prelcribed for the fame*/ Be it ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for any Ship or Veflel fitted and clearing out conformably to an Adi paffed in the Thirty fifth Year of His Majefty's Reign, intituled An Alt for the further encouraging and regulating the Southern Whale Fi/heries, to fail and pafs for the Purpofe aforefaid, in all the Seas to the Eaftward of the Cafe of Good Hope, and in all the Seas to the Weftward of the Streights of Magellan : Provided always, that no fuch Ship or Veflel (hall fail or pafs in any Seas further to the Northward than Eleven Degrees of South Latitude, and between the Sixty fourth and One hundred and .fiftieth Degrees of Ea(l Longitude from Londony without a Licence from the faid Board of Commiflionm for the Affairs of India9 fpecially authorizing fuch Ship or Veffel fo to proceed: Provided alfo, that no fuch Ship or Veffel, the rt-giftered Meafurement whereof (hall be lefs than Three hundred and fifty Tons, (hall fail or pafs in any of the Seas to the Eaftward of the Cape of Good Hope, or to the Well ward of the Streights of Mo* gellany without a Licence from the faid Board of Commifuoners, fpecially authorizing the fame: Provided alfo, that it (hall not be lawful for any fuch Ship or Veffel to go to, touch or (tay at any Port or Place upon the Continent of Afia. from the River Indus to the faid Town of Malacca inclufive, or any Kland under the Government of the faid Company to the North of the Equator, nor the faid Company's Faftory at Bencoolen or its Dependencies, nor the Dominions of the Emperor of Chinay without a Licence in Writing from the faid Court of Directors of the faid United Company fpecially authorizing the fame.

4 XXXIII. And whereas it is the Duty of this Country to 4 promote the Interefl and Happinefs of the Native Inhabitants of 4 the Britilh Dominions in India; and fuch Meafines ought to 4 be adopted as may tend to the Iutrodu&ion among them of nfeful 4 Knowledge, and of religious and moral Improvement; and in fur-4 therance of the above Obje&s, fufficient Facilities ought to be 4 afforded by Law to Perfons defirous of going to and remaining 4 in India, for the Purpofe of accomplifliing thofe benevolent De-4 figns fo as the Authority of the Local Governments refpeding 4 the Intercourfe of Europeans with the Interior of the Country 4 be preferved, and the Principles of the Britifh Government, on

12	4	which

 t^ooQie

A.D.1813.	53®	GEO, III.	C. 155.	(fyg

4 which the Natives of India have hitherto relied for the free Exer-4 cife of their Religion, be inviolably maintained: And whereas it is

*	expedient to make Provifion for grantiog Permiflion to Perfons 4 defi/ous of going to and remaining in India for the above Purpofes,

4 and alfo to Perfons defirouis of going to and remaining there for

•	other lawful Purpofes Be it therefore enacted, That when and Court of as often as any Application (hall be made to the faid Court of Diredors refufe Dire&ors, for or on Behalf of any Perfon or Perfons defirous of Pe^foos'to pro, proceeding to the Eajl Indies for Permiflion fo to do, the faid Court Ceed to Eaft (hall, unlefs they fhafi think (it to comply therewith, tranfmit every Indies, Appika-fuch Application within One Month from the Receipt thereof to tioos traufmitted the faid Board of Commiffloners for the Affairs of India; and in toB®^d; who cafe the faid Commiffloners (hall not fee any fufficient Objection ^^testobe**" thereto, it (hall and may be lawful for the laid Commiffloners to granted by direct that fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall, at his or their own fpecial Directors au-Cbarge, be permitted to proceed to any of the faid Principal Settle- thorixing fuch ment6 of the faid Company, and that fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall Pel^ons to P*®" be fumifhed by the faid Court of Dirc&ors with a Certificate or Mndpal Certificates, according to fuch Form as the faid Commiffloners (hall Settlements, prefcribe, fignifying that fuch Perfon or Perfons hath or have fo proceeded with the Cognizance and under the San&ion of the faid

Court of Dire&ors; and that all fuch Certificates (hall entitle the Perfons obtaining the fame fo long as they (hall properly condu& themfelves, to the Countenance and Prote&ion of the feveral Governments of the faid Company in the Eajl Indies and Parts afore-faid, in their refpe&ive Purfuits, fubjeft to all fuch Provifions and Reflri&ions as are now in force, or may hereafter be judged neceflary, with regard to Perfons redding in India.

XXXIV.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall Dire&orsmay extend or be conftrued to extend to reftri& or prohibit the faid Court raake Reprefen-of Directors from offering fuch Reprcfentations to the faid Board of tatj^^j£ercon Commiffloners, refpe&ing Perfons fo applying for Permiflion to pro- t0 **

ceed to the Eajl Indies, as the faid Court of Dire&orsmay at any time think tit.

XXXV.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That all Perfons All Perfons fub-

who fhall proceed to the Eajl Indies (hall upon their Arrival at any jf& t® Reguli. Place within the Limits of the faid United Company’s Government,	Bocal

be fubjeft to all fuch Rules and Regulations, as now are or hereafter ovcrmnents* may be in force within thofe Limits.

rXXXVI. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That if any Government#in Perfon having obtained a Certificate or Licence from the faid Court India maydeclant of Directors, authorizing fuch Perfon to proceed to the Eajl Indies, Certificates and fhall at any time fo conduct himfelf as in the Judgment of the jt ap^xr to Governor General or Governor of the Prefidency within which fuch them that the Perfon fhall be found, to have forfeited his Claim to the Counte- Perfons, to nance and Protedlion of the Government of fuch Prefidency, it fhall whom granted, and may be lawful for fuch Governor General or Governor, by Order, h*v.e pf*jeilc^ to declare that the Certificate or Licence fo obtained by fuch Perfon	r°

fhall be void from a Day to be named in fuch Order; and from and Limitation of after fuch Day fo to be named in fuch Order, fuch Perfon fhall be Profecutionsfor deemed and taken to be a Perfon refiding and being in the Eajl *efiding without Indies without Licence or Authority for that Purpole, and may be a Licence, fent forthwith to the United Kingdom; any matter or thing what-foever to the contrary notwithftanding: Provided neverthelcfs, that no

Y y 4	Perfoa

 CjOOQle

696

Cl ss-

53s GEO. IIL

AiD«iSt]<

Governments in India not to fane* tion Refidence without Authority of Directors, except under Special Circum-ftances.

Perfon whofe Certificate or Licence (hall have been fo vacated by Order of any of the Governments of the faid Company as afbrefaid, (hall be fubjeft or liable to any Profecution for redding or beiog found in the Eajl Indies without Licence or Authority for that Purpofe, until Two Months after Notice of fuch Order (hall have been given to fuch Perfon, by Delivery to fuch Perfon of a Copy thereof, or by leaving the fame at the laft Place of Abode of fuch Perfon, or by Publication of fuch Order in the Gazette of the Prefidency where fuch Order {hall be made.

XXXVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall not be lawful for any of the Governments of the faid Company at their feveral Prefidencies to licence or otherwife authorife the Refidence at any Place or Places within the Limits of the faid Company’s Governments, of any Subject of His Majefty, who {hall go thereto after the Tenth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, unlefs fuch Perfon {hall have been previoufly furnifhed with a Licence or Certificate from the Court of Dire6fors of the faid Company or have otherwife been autborifed by Law to refidc within the faid Limits : Provided neverthelefs, that any Governor General or Governor of any of the faid Prefidencies, for extraordinary Reafooi to be entered upon the Minutes of Council, may authorife by Special Licence the Refidence of any Subjeft of His Majefty in any Place or Places under the Government of fuch Prefidency, until the Pleafure of the faid Court of Directors {hall be known in that Behalf; and that fuch Special Licence (hall be deemed and taken to be of the fame Force and EfFe& as a Licence of and from the {aid Court of Dircftors, until Notice of the Pleafure of the faid Court to the contrary {ball haye been given to fuch Perfon, by Delivery thereof to fuch Perfon, or by leaving the fame at his laft Place of Abode, or by Publication thereof in the Gazette of the Prefidency by which fuch Special Licence fiiall have been granted: Provided that a Copy of fuch Licence, and of the Reafons for granting the fame, accompanied with an Application for a Licence from the faid Court of Dire&ors, {hall be transmitted to the faid Court of Direfton forthwith after the granting thereof.

XXXVIII.	And be it further ena6fed, That it (hall and may be

ri*e a^VeTfors	^or	the Board Commiffioners for the Affairs of India,

to proseed To°I,S ^7 Licence in Writing for that Purpofe, upon fuch Terms and Con-andrefido except ditiona as they may think fit, to authorize any Perfon or Perfoiis to

proceed to and refide at any Place or Places fituate more to the Northward than Eleven Degrees of South Latitude, and between the Sixty fourth and One hundred and fiftieth Degrees of Longitude from London, and not being upon the Continent of AJia, between the River Indus and the Town of Malacca inclufive; nor in any Ifiand under the Government of the faid Company lying to the Northward of the Equator j nor at the faid Company’s Fa&oryit Bencooleny nor its Dependencies; nor within the Dominions of the Emperor of China ; any A&, Matter or Thing whatfoever to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and maybe lawful for any Subje£U of His Majefty to proceed to and refide at any Place or Places fituate more to the Southward than Eleven Degrees of South Latitude, or more to the Weftward than Sixty four Degrees, or more to the Eaftward than One hundred and fifty

Degrees

Provifo,

Board cf Con-

within certain Limits of Chatter.

His Majefty** bubje&s authorised to go to and refide at Places within certain Limits without Licence.

 k^ooQie

*97

A.D.1813.	53°GEO.ni.	C. 155.

Degree* of Eaft Longitude from London, for any lawful Purpofe# without any Licence whatsoever; any thing in this or any other Ad, or in* any Charter contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XL. And be it further enaded, That if any of the Subjeds of Unlicenfed Per* His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeflors, of or belonging to any of His Majelly’s Dominions fituate without the Eajl Indies and Limits of Liraia 0^0111-the faid Company’s Charter, other than fuch as fhall be liccnfed pany’s Gharter, by the faid United Company, or otherwife thereunto lawfully otherwife than at authorized, (hall at any time before the Determination of the further allowed by A&, Term hereby granted to the faid Company, diredly or indiredly, fail	^lecfou*

to, vifit, haunt, frequent, trade, traffick or adventure to, in or from the Eajl Indies or Parts aforefaid, or go, fail or repair thereto, or be found therein, in any other manner than is prefcribed or allowed by the Provifions of this Ad, and the Terms and Conditions of any Licence or Certificate to be granted by virtue thereof, all and every fuch Perfon and Perfons fhall be deemed and taken to have unlawfully traded and trafficked there; and all fuch Perfons, and all Ships and Velfels found in the Cuftody of any fuch Perfort or Perfons, or engaged or concerned in fuch unlawful Trade or Traffick, and the Owners, Mafters and Crews thereof, and all Goods,

Merchandize, Treafure and Effeds {hipped or laden thereon, or taken out of the fame, or found in the Cuftody of any fuch Perfon or Perfons, (hall be fubjed and liable to all fuch and the like Pains,

Penalties, Forfeitures, Difabilities and Methods of Suit, as are contained in the faid Ads of the Thirty third Year of His prefent 33G-3*C»5** Majefty, or either of them, or in any Ad or Ads now in force, * 1 and which Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Difabilities and Methods c'31. §25, 26. of Suit, were enaded for the Purpofe of fecuring to the faid Company the foie and exclufive Right of trading to the Eajl Indies, and other Parts within the Limits of their Charter, during the Continuance of fuch foie and exclufive Right, and of reftraining clandeftine and illicit Trade, in, to and from the Eajl Indies and Parts aforefaid ; and all fuch and the like Powers, Provifions, Claufes, Matters and Things as are contained in the faid Ads of the Thirty third Year of His prefent Majefty, or either of them, or in any Ad or Ads now in force, and which were enaded for the Purpofe aforefaid, fhall be deemed and taken to be in force, and to apply to all fuch unlawful Trade and Traffick as aforefaid, contrary to the Provifions of this Ad, or of the Terms and Conditions of any Licence or Certificate to be granted by virtue thereof, and fhall be put in Execution during the further Term hereby granted to the faid Company, for the Purpofe of preventing any fuch unlawful Trade or Traffick, as fully and effectually as if the fame Powers, Provifions, Claufes, Matters and Things were feverally repeated at large, and re-enaded in the Body of this Ad, and applied to and for the Purpofe laft aforefaid.

XLI. Provided always, and be it enaded, That if any Ship or Ships driven by Veffels fhall happen by Strefs of Weather or other inevitable Accident Strefs of Wea-to be driven or forced more to the Northward than Eleven Degrees ther°jj °!^c* South Latitude, and between the Sixty fourth and One hundred and Jj™* wirhit^pre-fiftieth Degrees of Eaft Longitude from London, and being driven or feibed Limits, fo forced fhall return within the faid Limits with as much convenient not liable to Speed as the Safety of fuch Ship or Veffel or other circumftances Forfeiture, will admit, fuch Ship or Vefiels fhall not, nor fhall any of the Goods,

Merchandize, Trealure or Effeds (hipped or laden on board the

fame,



*9S

C. 155.

53' GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

Onui Proband i.

Colleges and

Seminaries Abroad lubjeft to Controul of Board.

Provifion for Schools, Public Ledhnes or other I .iterary lnftitutions for Benefit of Natives; regulated by Governor General in Council, fubjo^l to Controul of Board ; but Appointments to Offices therein made by Local Governments.

fame, be fubjeft to Forfeiture, nor (hall the Owners, Mailer or Crew

thereof, or any other Perfon on board the fame, be liable to aoy of the Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures or Difabilities hereinbefore men* tioned, on account of being or having been within the faid Limits: Provided neverthelefs, that the Proof of fuch Ship or Veffels having been driven or forced beyond the faid Limits by Strefs of Weather or other inevitable Accident, and of having returned within the faid Limits with as much convenient Speed as the Safety of the faid Ship or Veflel or other circumftances would admit, (hall lie on the Party claiming the Benefit of fuch Exemption; any thing in this or any other A61 contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLII. And be it further ena6led. That the faid Board of Com-miflioners for the Affairs of Indian by force and virtue of this A (hall have and be invefled with full Power and Authority to taper-intend, dire6l and controul all Orders and In(lru6tions whatfoever, which in any wife relate to or concern any Rules, Regulations or Eilabli(hment8 whatfoever of the feveral Colleges eftablifhed by the faid Company at Calcutta or Fort Saint George, or of any Seminaries which may be eftablifhed under the Authority of any of the Governments of the faid Company, in the fame manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, and under and fubjedl to all fuch and the like Regulations and Provifions, as if fuch Orders and Inllru&ions immediately related to and concerned the Government and Revenues of the faid Territorial Acquifitions in the Eajl Indies.

XLII I. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawfut for the Governor General in Council to dire6l, that out of any Surplus which may remain of the Rents, Revenues and Profits, arifing from the faid Territorial Acquifitions, after defraying the Expences of the Military, Civil and Commercial Eftablifhments, and paying the Interefl of the Debt, in manner hereinafter provided, a Sum of not lefs than One Lack of Rupees in each Year (hall be fet apart and applied to the Revival and Improvement of Literature and the Encouragement of the learned Natives of India* and for the Introduction and Promotion of a Knowledge of the Sciences among the Inhabitants of the Briiijh Territories in India; and that any Schools, Public Ledtures or other lnflitutions, for the Purpofes aforefaid, which (hall be founded at the Prefidencies of Fort JVilliam* Fort Saint George or Bombay* or in any other Parts of the Britifb Territories in India* in virtue of this A61, (hall be governed by fuch Regulations as may from time to time be made by the faid Governor General in Council $ fubje6l neverthelefs to fuch Powers as are herein veiled in the faid Board of Commiflioners for the AfFairs of India* refpe6ling Colleges and Seminaries: Provided always, that all Appointments to Offices in fuch Schools, Lc6turcfhips and other In-flitutions, fhall be made by or under the Authority of the Governments within which the fame (hall be fituated.

* XLIV. And whereas the faid United Company have lately 4 eflablifhed, in England, a College, for the appropriate Education 4 of young Men defigned for their Civil Service in India* and alio a 4 Military Seminary for the appropriate Education of youQg Men 4 defigned for their Military Service in India : And whereas it is ex-4 pedient that the faid College and Military Seminary (hould be 4 further continued and maintained, and that proper Rules and 4 Regulations (hould be cpnftituted and eftablilhed by Authority

4 of



A.D.i8i3*	53°GEO.III.	C.	155-

€ ef Law, for the good Government of the faid College and Military * Seminary refpeftively Be it therefore enafted, That the faid College and Military Seminary (hall be continued and maintained by the faid United Company during the further Term hereby granted to the faid Company ; and that it (hall and may be lawful for the laid Court of Direftors, and they are hereby required, forthwith, after the paling of this Aft, to frame fuch Rules and Regulations for the good Government of the faid College and Military Seminary refpeftively, as in their Judgment (hall appear beft adapted to the Purpofes aforefaid; and to lay the fame before the Board of Com-millioners for the Affairs of Indiay for their Revifal and Approbation, who (hall thereupon proceed to confider the fame, and (hall and may make fuch Alterations therein and Additions thereto as they (hall think fit; neverthelefs, all fuch Rules and Regulations (hall and may be fttbjeft to fuch future Revifion and Alteration by the faid Court of Direftors, with the Approbation of the faid Board, as cir-cumftances may from time to time require in that behalf; and all fuch Rules and Regulations fo framed, approved, revifed or altered, (hall be deemed and taken to be good and valid in Law, and (hall be binding and effeftual upon all Perfons and in all Matters belonging %>r relating to the faid College and Military Seminary refpeftively ; any Law, Charter or other Matter or Thing to the contrary not-withfiaading: Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall prevent the faid Court of Direftors from making fuch Reprefentation, with refpeft to any Alterations in or Additions to fuch Rules and Regulations which may be made by the faid Board of Commiffioners, as the faid Court of Direftors (hall at any time think fit.

XLV. And be it further enafted, That, from and after the palling of this Aft, it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord Bifhop of London for the time being, to have and exercife, and he is hereby authorized and empowered to have and exercife fuch Vifitatorial Power and Jurifdiftion over all fuch Perfons, Matters and Things, belonging or relating to the faid College, and in fuch manner, as (hall be appointed and eftablifhed by the faid Rules and Regulations of the faid College in that behalf; any matter or thing whatfoever to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLVI. And be it further enafted, That it (hall not be lawful for the faid Court of Direftors to nominate, appoint or fend to the Pre-(idencic8 of Fort William, Fort Saint George or Bombay, any Perfon in the Capacity of a Writer, unlefs fuch Perfon (hall have been duly entered at fuch College, and have refided there Four Terras, according to the Rules and Regulations thereof; and (hall alfo produce to the faid Court of Direftors a Certificate under the Hand of the Principal of the faid College, teftifying that he has, for the Space of Four Terms, been a Member of and duly conformed himfelf to the Rules and Regulations of the faid College.

XLVII. And be it further enafted, That no Order for the Eftablifhment of any Office, or the Appointment of any Perfon to (ill the Situation of Principal at the faid College, or Head Mafter of the Military Seminary, (hall be valid or effeftual until the fame (hall have been approved by the faid Board of Commiffioners for the Affairs of India.

4 XLVIII. And whereas for the due Performance of the public 4 Duties of Religion at the faid College, as well as for the Main-

4 tenance

$99

College and Military Seminary in England, continued ; and Directors, with Approbation of Board, to make Rules and Regulations for fame.

Direftors may make Reprefeo* tations, refpeft-iug Alterations or Additions by Board.

Bifhop of Lon- J don to exercife Vifitatorial Ju-rifdiftion.

Perfon appointed Writer, to have kept Four Terms at College, and produce Certificate of Confor-.mity.

Eftablilhments in College See. fubjeft to Board.



Principal, and ProfelTors, exempted from Parochial Refidence.

43 G. 3. c.84. *

If a Bilhop and Three Archdeacons (hall be eftabliihed in India by His Majefly's Letters Patent: their Salaries to W paid by Com-Fany.

Salaries to com -mence on taking Office, and to •eafe when I un&ions ceafe.

* tenance of found Learning and religious Education, it is expedient 4 that the Principal and fome of the Profeffors of the faid College 4 Ihould be Clergymen of the Eftabliihed Church: And whereas 4 it may be expefted, that among Clergymen beft qualified for fuch 4 Situations, from their Charafter and Attainments, fome may be 4 poflefled of Benefices in the Church ;* Be it enafted, That every Spiritual Perfon holding the Situation of Principal or Profeflor in the faid College, and aftually performing the Duties of the fame, (ball be and he is hereby exempted from Refidence on any Benefice of which he may be poffeffed, in the fame manner as the Spiritual Perfons fpe-cified in an Aft palled in the Forty third Year of His prefect Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A8 to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Perfons holding of Farms ; and for enforcing the Rejidence of Spiritual Perfons on their Benefices in England, are by the faid Aft exempted from Refidence on their refpeftive Benefices ; any Aft, Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithftanding.

4 XLIX. And whereas no fufficient Provifion hath hitherto bee* 4 made for the Maintenance and Support of a Church Eftablifhmeot 4 in the Britifh Territories in the Eajl Indies and other Parts within 4 the Limits of the faid Company’s Charter 5’ Be it therefore enafted. That in cafe it (hall pleafe His Majefty, by his Royal Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the faid United Kingdom, to ereft, found and conftitute, One Bifhoprick for the whole of the faid Brdsfk Territories in the Eafi Indies, and Parts aforefaid; One Archdeaconry for the Prefidency of Fort William in Bengal; One Archdeaconry for the Prefidency of Fort Saint George on the Coaft of Coromandel; and One Archdeaconry for the Prefidency and Ifland of Bombay, on the Coaft of Malabar; and from time to time to nominate and appoint a Biftiop and Archdeacons to fuch Bifhoprick and Archdeaconries refpeftively ; the Court of Direftors of the faid Company, during fuch time as the faid Territorial Acquifitions (hall remain in the Poftefiion of the faid Company, (hall, and they are hereby required to direct and caufe to be paid, certain eftabliihed Salaries to fuch Bilhop and Archdeacons refpeftively; that is to fay, from and out of the Revenues of the faid Prefidency of Fort William in Bengal to the faid Biftiop, Five thoufand Pounds by the Year, at an Exchange of Two Shillings for the Bengal Current Rupee 5 and to the faid Archdeacon of the faid Prefidency of Fort William, Two thoufand Pounds by the Year, at the like Exchange; and from and out of the Revenues of the Prefidency of Fort Sa'mt George, on the Coaft of Coromandel, to the Archdeacon of the faid Prefidency of Fort Saint George, Two thoufand Pounds by the Year, at an Exchange of Eight Shillings for the Pagoda at Madras; and from and out of the Revenues oi the Prefidency and Illand of Bombay, on the Coaft of Malabar, to the Archdeacon of the faid Prefidency and Illand of Bombay, Two thoufand Pounds by the Year, at an Exchange of Two Shillings and Three pence for the Bombay Rupee.

L. And be it further enafted. That the faid Salaries fhall take place and commence from and after the time at which fuch Perfons as (hall be appointed to the faid Offices refpeftively, fhall take upon them the Execution of their refpeftive Offices; and that all fuch Salaries fhall be in lieu of all Fees of Office, Perquifites, Emoluments and Advantages whatfoever; and that no Fees of Office, Perquifitet,

Emolu-





A.D.i8i3»	53*GEO. III.

Emoluments or Advantages whatfoever, (hall be accepted, received or taken, in any manner or on any Account or Pretence whatfoever, other than the Salaries aforefaid ; and that fuch Biihop and Archdeacons rcfpedively (hall be entitled to fuch Salaries fo long as they fhall refpedively exercife the Fundions of their feveral Offices in the JEaJl Indies, or Parts aforefaid, and no longer.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That fuch Biihop Biflmp to hare {hall not have or ufe any Jurifdidion, or exercife any Epifcopal no Jur fdittion Fundions whatfoever, either in the Eajl Indies or eHewhere, but or Functions, ex-only fuch Jiirifdidion and Fundions as (hall or may from time to ^limited”*™** time be limited to him by His Majefty by Letters Patent under the Letters Patent. Great Seal of the United Kingdom.

LII. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful His Majefty for His Majefty, from time to time, if he (hall think fit, by his may grant to Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the faid United Kingdom, ^^tent1 fuch' to grant to fuch Biihop fo to be nominated and appointed as afore- Ecc)efiaftical faid, fuch Eccleftaftical Jurifdidion, and the Exercife of fuch Epif- Jurifdi&ion at copal F undions, within the Eajl Indies and Parts aforefaid, as His he may think Majefty (hall think neceffary for the adminiftering Holy Ceremonies, ncceflary. and for the Su perintendence and good Government of the Miniilers of the Church Eftabiifhment within the Eajl Indies and Parts aforefaid ; any Law, Charter or other Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithliauding.

LIII. And be it further enaded, That when and as often as it Warrant for fhall pteafe His Majefty to iflue any Letters Patent refpeding any Letters Patent fuch Bifhoprick or Archdeaconry as aforefaid, or for the Nomination	bjr

or Appointment of any Perfon thereto, the Warrant for the Bill in	n

every fuch cafe (hall be counterfigned by the PreWent of the Board of Commiffioners for the Affairs of India.

LIV. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful His Majefty for His Majefty, by Warrant under his Royal Sign Manual, coun-terfigned by the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the time being, to ^J^Arch- °** grant to any fuch Biihop and Archdeacons refpedively, who (hall have deacons who exercifed in the Eq/l Indies or Parts aforefaid, for Fifteen Years, the have diicharged Office or Offices of Biihop or Archdeacon, or either of them, the Fun&ior.s in following Penfions; that is to fay, to any fuch Biihop, a Penfion	Fifteea

not exceeding Fifteen Hundred Pounds per Annum, and to any fuch car*’ Archdeacon, a Penfion not exceeding Eight hundred Pounds per Annum ; which faid Penfion (hall be paid and defrayed quarterly by the faid Company, and (hall be deemed and taken as Part of the Political Charges of the faid Company.

LV. And be it further enaded, That, for and during the Con- Application of tinuance of the Poffeffion and Government of the faid Territorial Revenues arifing Acquifitiona and Revenues in the faid United Company, the Rents, from territorial Revenues and Profits arifing from the faid Territorial Acquifitions,	**

after defraying the Charges and Expences of collecting the fame, (hall n W* be applied and difpofed of to and for the Ufes and Purpofes hereinafter expreffed, in the following Order of Preference, and to or for no other Ufe or Purpofe, or in any other manner whatfoever, any Ad or Ads of Parliament now in force to the contrary notwith-ftandiog ; that is to fay, in the firft place, in defraying all the Charges jn maintaining and Expences of raifing and maintaining the Forces, as well European Forces; as Native, Military, Artillery and Marine, on the Eftablifhments in \kktEaJl Indies and Parts aforefaid, and of maintaining the Forts and

Garrifons

C.155.	7»i

 UooQle

7o*

C. 155.

S3" GEO. m.

AD.1813.

In Payment of Intereft of Indian Debt;

In defraying Expence* of Efta-bltfhment*; Towards Liquidation of Territorial or Bond Debt, &c.

A Sum equal to Payments from Commercial Funds at Home on account of T erritorial Charges annually applied in India to Inveftment or Remittance, &c.

Application of Profits of Company in Great Britain:

In paying Bills of Exchange;

In paying Debts; except Principal of*Bond Debt;

In Payment of Dividend of Ten per Cent, till feparate Fund exhaufted,and then 10J per Cent.

Garrifons there, and providing Warlike and Naval Stores: Secondly, in Payment of the Intereft accruing on the Debts owing, or which may be hereafter incurred by the faid Company in the Eajl Indie*, or Parts aforefaid, including that Portion thereof, for which Bills (hall be demanded, payable in England, and for which Provifion (hall at all times be made by Confignments or Remittances to England, as the faid Court of Directors, with the Approbation of the faid Com-miflioners for the Affairs of India, (hall from time to time direffc: Thirdly, in defraying the Civil and Commercial Eftablifhments of the (aid Company, at their feveral Settlements there: Fourthly, towards the Liquidation of the Territorial Debt of the faid Company, or of the Bond Debt at Home, or to fuch other Purposes, fubjeft to the Provifion hereinafter made, as the faid Court of Directors, with the Approbation of the Board of Commiffioners for the Affairs of India, (hall from time to time dire& 5 any A6t or A£U of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

1 LVI. And whereas it is not reafonable that the Commercial * Funds of the faid Company fhould be expo fed to EmbarrafTment by ‘ Payments made in Europe on account of Territorial Charges ;* Be it therefore ena&ed. That a Sum equal to the adual Payments which (hall have been made from the Commercial Funds at Home 00 account of Territorial Charges in the Year preceding, after deducing therefrom the Charges of the Commercial Eftablifhments, and all the Commercial Charges in India, which may have been paid from the Territorial Revenues in the fame Year, lhall in each and every Year be iffued in India, for the Purpofe of the faid Company's China or India Inveftment ; or of Remittance to England on account of the faid Company, at the Option of the faid Court of Directors: Provided always, that any Excefs which may happen to be fo iffued io any Year, for the Purpofes of Inveftment, beyond the adtual Payment which (hall have been made in the fame Year by the faid Company in Europe, on account of Territorial Charges, (hall be taken into account in Diminution of the Sum to be applied to the Purpofes of Inveftment for the Year following.

LVII. And be it further ena&ed, That, for and during the Continuance of the Poffeflion and Government of the faid Territorial Acquiiitions and Revenues in the faid United4Company, the net Proceeds of their Sales of Goods at Home, with the Duties and Allowances arifing by Private Trade, and all the Commercial Profits and other Receipts of the faid Company in Great Britain, (hall be applied and difpofed of in manner following; that is to fay, Firft, in providing for the Payment of Bills of Exchange already accepted and hereafter to be accepted by the (aid Company, as the fame (hall become due ; Secondly, in providing for the Current Payment of other Debts (the Principal of the Bond Debt in England always excepted) as well as Intereft, and the Commercial Outgoings, Charges and Expences of the faid Company; Thirdly, in Payment oF a Dividend after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum on the prefent or any future Amount of the Capital Stock of the faid Company for and during fnch time as a certain Fund of the faid Company hereinafter mentioned, called * The Company's Separate Fund,' (hall be fuffident to pay a Dividend after the Rate of Ten Shillings for every Hundred Pounds per Annum on the prefent or any future Amount of the Capital Stock of the faid Company; and when

and





A.D.i8i3>

53' GEO. HL

C.155.

7a3

and fo foon as the faid laft mentioned Fund (hall be exhaufted,

then in Payment of a Dividend at the Rate of Ten Pounds Ten

Shillings per Centum per Annum on the then exifting or future Capital

Stock of the faid Company; provided that no greater Dividend lhall be

paid in the Whole, in any One Year, than at the faid Rate of Ten

Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum upon the prefent or

future Capital Stock of the faid Company : Fourthly, in Reduction of jn Reduction of

the Principal of the Debt in the Eajl Indies, or Parts aforefaid, or Indian Debt, or

of the Bond Debt at Home, as the faid Court of Dire&ors, with the Bond Debt at

Approbation of the faid Board of Commifiioners, (hall from time to tlome*

time dire& ; any A6t or A6U of Parliament to the contrary not-

withftanding.

4 LVIII. And whereas it is not reafonable that the Company's Home Profit*

* Commercial Profits (hould be liable annually to the Payment in °ot 4 Europe of Territorial Charges, till the faid Dividend, after the charge,till *f-€ Rate of Ten Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum ter Dividend € (hall have been paid and difeharged Be it therefore provided provided for; and ena&ed. That the net Proceeds of the Sales of Goods, and except to Bills other Commercial Profits of the Company in Great Britain as afore- Value re” faid, (hall not be liable to the Liquidation of any Charge on account ceive<i \n India, of the Territorial or Political Government of India payable in and to Intereft England, or of any Bills of Exchange or Certificates drawn on and Sinking account of the Territorial or Political Charge in India9 till after Fund on Loan the Dividend on the Capital Stock of the faid Company (hall firft puyfc*'0 Com-have been provided for; excepting always fuch Bills and Certificates pany. for the Amount of which Value (hall have been previoufly paid in India from the Territorial or Political Funds, and Confignments or Remittances made thereof to England, for the Liquidation of the faid Bills and Certificates; excepting likewife the Amount of the Intereft and Sinking Fund on the Loan advanced by the Public to the faid Company, as provided in an A& patted in the Fifty fecond 0.3. c.135* Year of His pretent Majefty, intituled An A8 for advancing Two § 7,8. millions Jive hundred thoufand Pounds to the Eaft India Company 9 to enable them to d\J'charge Part of the Eaft Indian Debt (a) j which faid Intereft and Sinking Fund (hall neverthelefs continue to be deemed a Territorial Qharge, and (hall be accounted for as fuch out of the Produce of the Revenues of India : Provided alfo, that if Home Fund in cafe fufficient Funds (hall not remain in the Hands of the faid infufficient after Company after Payment of the Dividend, to difeharge all fuch Bills Dividend to dif-as (ball be drawn for the Intereft of any Loan in India9 under Con- ^awnforfote ditions now fubfifting, or which may be contra&ed at any time before rc^ Df exiiimg* the Tenth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, Indian Debt, entitling the Holders of fuch Loan to receive Bills on the faid Deficiency paid Company for the Payment of the Intereft thereof, the Refidue of as Foment fuch Bills, fo long as fuch Intereft may be demandable in England9 Monic?rcccived (hall be difeharged in fuch manner as Parliament (hall from time to at Home^n time direct: Provided alfo, that if any Monies (hall be received into Credit of Bills the Treafury of the Company at Home upon the Credit of Bills to drawn on Ter-be drawn upon the Company's Territorial or Political Funds Abroad, htorul Funds or or in Liquidation of Bills of Exchange remitted, or of any other Security for Advances made in India from the laid Territorial or Payment of Political Funds, or of any Advances made from fuch Funds on liable Territorial

(a) [The Words in the Title of ^a G. 3. c. 135. are 44 Indian

Account

Debt



Deficiency ©f Commercial Profits at Home in any Year for Dividend, made good out of Surplus Territorial Revenues*

Application of Surplus of Territorial Revenues, and Home Profits.

In Repayment of Capital of Public Funds created for Company; further Surplus paid into Exchequer, to be a GuaranteeFund, not exceeding Twelve Millions ; for Capital Stock and Dividends, 8c c. One Sixth of Excefs to be Company’s and remaining Five Sixths to the Public.

If Debts after Reduction be again increafed beyond certain Suras, Reduction again to take place.

C. 15$.	53®	GEO.	III.	A'JD.1813.

Account of His Majefty’s Government or on any other Account, the faid Monies (hall be fet apart and applied to defray the Territorial or Political Charges to which the faid Company is liable in Europe ; and the Excefs of fuch Funds (hall be fubjeft to fuch further Appropriations as the Territorial Revenues are liable to by virtue of this Aft: Provided alfo, that in the Event of the Commercial Profits of the faid Company at Home being infufficient in any Year fully to defray the faid Dividend, it (hall and may be lawful to make good any fuch Deficiency out of any Surplus Revenue that may have arifen in the preceding Year of Account out of the Territorial Revenues, after the Payment of all Charges, Intereft of Debt included.

L1X. And be k further enafted, That when the Principal Debt of the faid United Company, bearing Intereft in India, (ball have been reduced to the Sum of Ten Millions of Pounds Sterling, calculated at the Exchange of Two Shillings for the Bengal Current Rupee, Eight Shillings for the Madras Pagoda, and Two Shillings and Three pence for the Bombay Rupee, and the Bonded Debt in Great Britain (hall have been reduced to the Sum of Three Millions of Pounds Sterling, then, and thereafter the Surplus Proceeds, which (hall be found to arife from the faid Rents, Revenues and Profits of the faid Territorial Acquifitions, and from Sales of the Goods, and the Profits of the Trade of the faid Company, or in any other manner, after providing for the Payments aforefaid, (hall be applied to the more fpeedy Repayment of the Capital of any Public Funds or Securities, which have been pr may be created for the Ufe of the faid Company, the Charges of which have been or may be direftni to be borne by the faid Company, by virtue of any Aft or Afts of Parliament; and that any further Surplus that may arife (hall be fet apart, and from time to time paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, to be applied as Parliament (hall direft, without Intereft to be paid to the Company in refpeft or for the Ufe thereof 5 but neverthelefs it is hereby declared that all fuch Sums of Money as (hall be fo paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer as aforefaid, not exceeding Twelve Millions of Pounds Sterling, (hall be deemed and taken to be a Fund for feauring to the faid United Company the Capital Stock of the faid United Company, and aHo a Dividend at the Rate of Ten Pounds Ten Shillings "per Cewtwn fer jlnnum in refpeft thereof; and of the Excefs of fuch Payments, if any, beyond the faid Amount of Twelve Millions of Pounds Sterling, One fixth Part (hall from time to time be referred and retained by the faid United Company for their own Ufe and Benefit, and the remaining Five fixth Parts (hall be deemed and (hall be the Property of the Public, and at the Difpofal of Parliament.

LX. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That if the Debts of the faid Company in fndia, after the fame (hall have been reduced to Ten Millions of Pounds Sterling, calculated as aforefaid, (hall be again increafed beyond that Amount, or if their Bond Debt in Great Britain, after the fame (hall have been reduced to Three Millions of Pounds Sterling, (hall be again increafed beyond that Sum, then and fo often as either of thole cafes (hall happen, fuch Surplus Proceeds (hall be appropriated to the Reduftion of the faid new Debts refpeftively, until the whole of the Debts of the faid Company in India (hall be again reduced to Ten Millions of Pounds

Sterling,



7°5

A.D. 1813.	53°GEO.	III.	C. 155.

Sterling, calculated as aforefaid, and their Bond Debt in Great Britain, to Three Millions of Pounds Sterling; any thing in this Aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXI. And be it farther enafted, That fo much of the faid	Aft	33	G. 3.	c.	52.

of the Parliament of Great Britain of the Thirty third Year of	His	$ ln*	1,1	V**1

prefent Majefty, as relates to the Payment of a Sum, not exceeding rePe,ie rive hundred thoufand Pounds in every Year, into the Receipt of His Maiefty's Exchequer, to be applied as Parliament fhall direft, or to the Recovery from the faid United Company, or their Suc-ceffors, by Aftion or otherwife, of fuch Money, in cafe of Failure of the faid United Company or their Succeflors, in any Payment thereof, or to the Payment into the Bank of England, of Money to be placed to the Account of the Commiffiotiers appointed by the Aft pafled in the Twenty fixth Year pf His Majefty’s Reign, *6G.3. cjt. intituled An Ad for vefting certain Sums in Commiftioners at the	End

of every Quarter of a Tear, to he hy them applied in ReduQion of the National Debt, or to an Account to be raifed and kept by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be intituled

*	The Account of the Guarantee Fund of the United Company of

*	Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indiesor to the faid

*	Guarantee Fund, or to an Account to be made by the faid Governor and Company of the Bank'of England, of or relating thereto,

(hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

* LXII. And whereas by the faid Aft of the Parliament of 33^-3-ci*-€ Great Britain, of the Thirty third Year of His prefent Majefty, * I24*

*	taking Notice of a certain Fund, therein called ‘ The Company's

* Separate Fund,' it was enafted, that after Payment fhould be

* made by the faid Company into His Majefty’s Exchequer, of

*	certain Inftalments (which faid Payments were duly made), it

*	fhould be lawful for the faid Company, out of the faid Separate M Fund, and the Intereft or growing Income thereof, to make

*	and declare a Dividend of Ten Shillings per Centum per Anhufn 4 on the then prefent or any future Amount of their Capital Stock,

*	which faid Dividend or Dividends fhould be paid and payable by 4 the faid Company, over and above any other Dividends which

*	fhould become due in refpeft thereof; and that after the Expira-4 tion of the further Term by the faid Aft granted in their exclu-4 five Trade, it fhould be lawful for the faid Company to retain 4 and difpofe of what fhould then remain of the faid Company’s 4 Separate Fund, or of the Monies conftituting the fame, and the ‘ Interell or other annual Proceeds thereof, in uich manner as they 4 fhould then think fit: And whereas by a certain other Aft mams

4 in the Thirty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled An 37 G.j.c. 31.

*	Ad to enable the Eaft India Company to raife Money by further 4 increafing their Capital Stocky and to extend the Provisions now 4 exijling, refpeding the prefent Stock of the faid Company, to the faid 4 inertafed Stock ; after reciting, that the Payment of their faid 4 Dividend of Ten Shillings per Centum to the Proprietors of the iri-4 creafed Stock, to be raifed by virtue of the faid laft mentioned 4 Aft, out of the faid Separate Fund, as in the faid recited Aft 4 of the Thirty third Year of His Majefty’S Reign is mentioned,

4 would exhauft the fame long before the Expiration of the then 4 exifting Term in the faid exclufive Trade, it was ehafted, for

4 the Reafons therein mentioned, that the laid Dividend of Ten 1 9.

53 Gbo. III.	Z	z	4 Shillings

 C^ooQle

70(5

C.I5S-

53* GEO. III.

A.D. rtt$.

A Dividend of Ten Shillings per Cent, paid out of Serrate Fund \ill ex-luufted.

*	Shillings ter Centum* which under the Authority of the (aid

*	Adi of the Thirty third Year of Hi3 prefent Majefty would 4 be payable to the Proprietors of the faid increafed Stock out of

*	the faid Separate Fund, Ihould be paid to them out of the annual 4 Profits of the faid Company, in the fame manner and at the fame 4 times as the Dividend of Ten Pounds per Centum* in the (aid

*	Ad mentioned, was to be paid to the Proprietors of the Stock 4 of the faid Company, and for that Purpofe a Sum equal to the 4 Amount of fuch Dividends fhould From time to time be debited to 4 the annual Account, as a Charge on the faid Trade, and carried

*	to the Account of the faid Separate Fund: And whereas the 4 faid Company have not increafed their Capital Stock purfuart 4 to the Authority and Power given to them by the faid Ad ot 4 the Thirty feventh Year of His faid Majelly’s Reign: And

*	whereas the faid Separate Fund is ft ill fufficient to pay the laid 4 Dividend of Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum* upon the prefent

*	Capital Stock of the faid Company for a certain time, but not 4 fufficient to pay fuch Dividend upon the faid prefent Capital 4 Stock during the whole of the further Term by this Ad granted

to the faid United Company, in the faid Territorial PofTeflions and

*	Revenues Be it therefore enaded, That, from and after the palling of this A6l, there (hall be paid out of the faid Separate Fund a Dividend after the Rate of Ten Shillings ter Centum ftr Annum, on the prefent or any future Amount of the faid Capita] Stock of the faid Company, for and during fuch time as the laid Separate Fund lhall be fufficient for that Purpofe ; and when the faid Separate Fund lhall become inefficient for the Payment of the whole of the faid Dividend, fo much as fliall remain of the faid Separate Fund lhall be paid and applied towards the Payment of fuch Dividend of Ten Shillings, and the Refiduc of fuch Dividend lhall be paid out of the Net Proceeds of the faid Company’s Profit* fin the manner hereinbefore mentioned; any thing ir\ the faid Ad of the Thirty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, or any Aft, .Matter or Thing to the contrary not with (landing.

LXIII. And be it further enabled, That fo much of the faid Ad of the Thirty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, as direft* that the faid Dividend of Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum upoi the increafed Stock, to be railed by virtue of the faid lad mentioned Ad, fhall be paid out of the annual Profits of the faid Company, fhall be, and the fame is hereby repealed*

. LX1V. And be it further enaded, That, from and after the paffing of this A61, the faid Court of Diredors of the faid Company fhall, and they are hereby required to dired and order that kept of Territo- the Books of Account of the faid Company at their fevcral Prcfr-r:al, Political and dencies and Settlements in India, at their Fadtory in China* at the * Ifland of Saint Helena, and in all other Places, as well Abroad as in England* be fo kept and arranged, as that the fame lhall contain and exhibit the Receipts, Dilburfement6, Debts and AfTets appertaining to or connedcd with the Territorial, Political and Commercial Branches of their Affairs rcfpe&ively; and that the fame lhall be made up in fuch manner, that the faid Books lhall contain and exhibit the Accounts of the Territorial and Political Departments feparately and diflindly from fuch as appertain to or arc conned ed with the Commercial Branch of their Affairs; and jhe a	fcd

37 G. 3. c. 31 § 9. in part repealed.

Directors to or der did in 61 Ac counts to be

fubmit a Plan for luch an Arrangement of their Accounts, to Board, for Approbation.

 L^OOQLe

A.D.1813.

53eG£O.III.

C 155.



faid Court of Dire&ors arc hereby required, forthwith, after the pafling of this A61, to prepare a Plan for an Arrangement of the Accounts of the faid Company in the manner aforefaid, and to fubmit the fame to the faid Board of Commifiioners for the Affairs of India, for their Approbation ; and it (hall be lawful for the faid Board of Commifiioners from time to time to make fuch Alterations and Amendments therein, and fuch Additions thereto, as they (hall think fit; which faid Plan, fo approved, altered, amended or added to, by the faid Board of Commifiioners, the faid Court of Directors fhall direct and order to be carried into Execution.

LXV. And be it further enabled. That the feveral Accounts required by the faid A6t of the Parliament of Great Britain, of the Thirty third Year of His prefent Majefly, to be annually laid before both Houfes of Parliament, fhall be henceforth prepared and arranged in conformity to the Principles of Separation hereinbefore directed, of the Territorial and Political Branch from the Commercial Branch of the Affairs of the faid United Company.

LXVI. And be' it further enafled. That, from and after the palling of this A&, the faid Court of Directors fhall annually lay before both Houfes of Parliament, together with the Accounts directed by the faid A61 of the Parliament of Great Britain of the Thirty third Year of His Majefty’s Reign, and by this A£t, to be laid before the faid Houfes by the faid Court, One Copy of all the Regulations made by their feveral Governments in India% and transmitted to them under and in purfuar.ee of an A& made in the Thirty feventh Year of His Majcfty’s Reign, intituled An Act for the better Adminijlration of Juflicc at Calcutta, Madras and Bombay ; and for preventing British Suljefts from being concerned in Loans to the Native Princes in India; and alfo of a certain other A61, made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His faid Majefly, "intituled An Aft for ejlablijhing further Regulations for the Government of the Britifh Territories in India, and the better A dminijl ration of Jujiice within the fame ; and alfo of a certain other Adi, made in the Forty feventh Year of His Majelly’s Reign, intituled An Aft for the better Government of the Settlements of Fort Saint George and Bombay; for the Regulation of Public B links.; and for amending fo much of an Aft, paffed in the Thirty third Tear of His prefent Majejly, as relates to the Periods at which the Civil Servants of the Fall India Company may be employed in their Service abroad.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Rates, Cuftom9 and Duties of Export and Import, which fhall be charged in tl>e Eajl Indies or other Places under the Government of the faid Company, upon any Goods, Wares or Merchandize of or belonging to the faid Company, fhall be charged in the Books of Account of the faid Company to the Debit of the Commercial Branch of their Affairs; and all fuch Rates, Cuftoms and Duties*which fhall be fo charged upon any Goods, Waves or Merchandize of or belonging to the laid Company, or which fhall be received by the faid Company in the Eajl Indies or Parts aforefaid, upon any Goods, Wares or Merchandize of any Private Merchant, Trader or other Perfon, fhall be placed in tlie Books of Account of the faid Company, to the Credit of the Territorial Revenues of the faid Company; and all fuch Rates, Cuftoms and Duti?st fo placed to fhe CvMit of the Territorial Revenues of the faid. Company, (ball be deemed

Z z 2	~	and

Principle attended to in Accounts laid before Parliament.

33 0.3.052.

§ 126.

Copies of Regulations abroad, made under 33 O.3. c.52.

§ 126.

laid annually with Accounts before Parliament.

37 O.3. c. 142*

§8.

39 *c 40 G. 3. c. 79. § 23.

47 G 3- SefT.l. c. 68. k t.

Duties in India 0:1 Goods of Company debited to Commerce ; and 10-gether with Dunes 011 Privates . Trade Goods confidered as 'Territorial Re-venue, nrd lub-je<H to Conti oul of BoarJ.



7o»

C.i

53“ GEO. IH.

A.D.1S13.

Board to have Controul over

vcnuet, except Sum* iffued in India to make good Home Payments on account of Territorial Charges, or of Loans in India, dec.

53 O.j. c.ja.

Court of Direc-

and taken to be Part of fuck Territorial Revenues, and (hall be fubjed to the Controul of the faid Board of Commiffionere, in like manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as any other Part of fuch Territorial Revenues.

LXVIII. And be it further enaded, That the Board of Com-miffioners for the Affairs of Inch* (hall, by force and virtue of this ^Appropriation of Ad, have and be invefted with full Power and Authority to fuper-ermortal e- jntend, direct and controul all Orders and Initru&ions whatfoever, which in any wife relate to or concern the Amount of Appropriation to any Inveftment, or other Commercial Purpofes, of any Part of the Revenues of the faid Territories or Acquifitions in the Ea/l Indus or Parts aforefaid, other than and except fuch Sum as by this Ad is direded to be iffued in India for the Purpofe of making good from the Indian Revenues, Payments to be made at Home on account of Territorial Charges; or of any Monies arifing from apy Loan raifed or to be raifed in the Eajl Indies, or of any Securities iffued or to be iffued by any of the Governments of the faid Company, in the fame manner to all Intents and Purpofes, and under and fubjed to all fuch and the like Regulations and Provifions, as if the faid Orders or Itiftrudions immediately related to and concerned the Civil or Military Government or Revenues of the faid Territories or Acquifitions ; any thing in the faid firft mentioned Aft of the Thirty third Year of His prefent Majefty, or of any other Ad or Ads to the contrary notwithftanding.

__________________ LXIX.	And be it further enaded, That the Court of Dire&on

tars to deliver to of the faid Company (hall, and they are hereby required from time Board Copies of to time to deliver to the faid Board, Copies of all Minutes, Orders, Resolutions and Proceedings of all Courts of Proprietors, General received, relating or Special, and of all Courts of Diredors, within Eight Days to Appropriation after the holding of fuch Courts refpedively ; and alfo Copies of of Revenue and all Letters, Advices and Difpatches, which (hall at any time or times be received by the faid Court of Diredors, or any Committee of Diredors, from the Eajl Indies, or from any other of their Settlements or Fadories within the Limits of their Charter, or from soy of the Servants of the faid United Company ftationed at Saint Helena Buffora, Sne%, Aleppo, or other Parts beyond the Seas, in any wife relating to or concerning the Appropriation to any Inveftment, or other Commercial Purpofes, of any Part of the Revenues of the (aid Territories or Acquifitions, or of any Monies arifing from any Loan raifed or to be raifed in the Eajl Indies, or of any Securities iffued or to be iffued by any of the Governments of the faid Company, immediately after the Arrival and Receipt thereof.

LXX. And be it further enaded, That no Orders or Inftru&ont whatever relating to the Appropriation to any Inveftment or other Commercial Purpofe whatfoever, of any Part of the Revenues of the (aid Territories or Acquifitions in the Ea/l Indies, or of any Monies arifing from any Loan raifed or to De raifed in the Eaft Indies, or of any Securities iffued or to ;he-«ffued by any of the Governments of die faid Company, (hall be at any time, feot or given to any of the Governments or Settlements in the Eqfi Indies by the Court of Diredors of the faid United Company, or by any Committee of the faid Diredors, until the fame (hall have been fub-mitted to the Confideration of, and approved by the laid Board; and for that Purpofe, that Copies of all Orders and Inftrudions which

Loons to Inveft-

No Difpatches relative thereto, font to India, till approved by Board.

'N





A.D. 1813.

530 GEO. III.

C.ij*	709

the faid Court of Dire&ors, or any Committee of the (aid DireSora (hall propofe to be fent to the Eafi India, (hall be by them pre-vioufly laid before the faid Board ; and that after the Receipt of fuch propofed Difpatches, the faid Board (hall, with all reafonable Difpatch, not exceeding Two Months, return the fame to the faid Court of Dire&ors, or Committee of Directors, either with their Approbation thereof, certified under the Hand of the Chief or Alfiflant Secretary to the faid Board by the Order of the faid Board, or if the faid Board (hall difapprove, alter or vary in Subftance any of fuch propofed Orders or Inftrudions,in every fuch cafe the faid Board (hall give to the faid Directors in Writing under the Hand of the Chief or Afiiflant Secretary of the faid Board, by Order of the faid Board, their Reafons at large in rcfpedl thereof, together with their Inftruc-tions to the faid Directors in relation thereto ; and that the faid Dire&ors (hall, and they are hereby required forthwith to difpatch and fend the Letters, Orders and Inflrudlions, in the Form approved by the faid Board, to the proper Government or Officers m the Eafi Indus, without further Oclay, unlefs, on any Representation made to them by the faid Directors, the faid Board (hall order any Alterations to be made therein ; and that the faid Dire&ors (hall and they are hereby required to pay Obedience to, and (hall be governed and bound by fuch Orders and Inftru&ions as they (hall from time to time receive from the faid Board of Commiflioners, touching or concerning fuch Appropriation, according to the Tenor and true Intent of this A&.

* LXXI. And whereas it is provided by the faid Adi of the Par- 33 G. 3. c. 52^

*	liament of Great Britain, of the Thirty third Year of His Maiefty'S Iia*

*	Reign, that Copies of all Orders and Inftrudtions which th*

1 Court of Diredtors, or any Committee of the Court of Dire&or*

‘ of the faid Company (hall propofe to be fent to India, (hall be by

*	them previoufly laid before the faid Board, and that within the 4 Space of Fourteen Days after the Receipt of fuch propofed Dif-

*	patches, the faid Board (hall return the fame to the faid Court of

*	Diredlors, or Committee of Diredtors, in the manner dire&ed by r the faid Adi: And whereas the faid Limitation of Fourteen Days

*	for the Return of fuch propofed Difpatches may be found incon-

4 venient ;* Be it therefore enadfed. That fo much of the faid Adi Initeid of being of the Thirty third Year of His prefent Majefty, as requires fuch hinued to 14 propofed Dilpatches to be returned by the faid Board within Four-teen Days, mall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that, Difpatchet with* from and after the palling of this Adi, it (hall be fufficient for the in Two Months, faid Board to return all (uch propofed Difpatches to the faid Court of Diredlors, or Committee of the faid Court of Diredlors, and the laid Board is hereby required to return the fame, with all reafonable Difpatch, not exceeding Two Months.

4 LXXI I. And whereas it is required by the faid Adi of the 33	3*	c*5*»

*	Parliament of Great Britain of the Thirty third Year of His Ma- $ xa*

*	jelly’s Reign, that various Proceedings of the faid Board of Com-

*	miflioners (hould be figned by the Chief Secretary to the faid

*	BoardBe it enaded, That, from and after the palling of this Proceedings of Afi, all Proceedings of the faid Board, to which the Signature of

the faid Chief Secretary is now by Law required, may be figned STfcSwjT cither by fuch Chief Secretary or by the Aifiitaut Secretary to the faid Board ; any Aft, Matter or Thing to the eontrary notwithftanding.

Z * 3

LXXIIl. And





,71 o

Secret Comr it-tee nor to dil-rfofe l);,pntc! es lent fi t m Prefi-deucies »tin;ive to War, Sec. tmtil authorized F'v Board of Commiffioneis.

Secret Committee to tnkc following Oath; in*)cad of Oath

** 33 {'-3- c.52.

§ 30.

Oath.

New Oath of Secrecy tiken by Perfons cm-ployed in preparing or rtan-Icribing SeCiet O il patches.

33 O.3. c. 52.

CV 15$.	.53	GEO. III.	A.D.1S13.

LXXIII.V And be it further enadled, That, from and after tlit .palling of this Adl» where any of the Governments or Prefidencies in the Eajl Indies or Parts aforefaid fliall, under the Provilions of the faid iirft mentioned Adi of the Thirty third Year of His prefent Majefty, addrefs any Difpatches to the Secret Committee of Diredlors of the faid United Company, for the Infpedlion of fuch Committee the faid Secret Committee of Directors (hall not difclofe or make known the Contents of any fuch Difpatches which relate lo the levying of War or the making of Peace, or treating or negotiating with any of the Native Princes or States of the Etijl Indies, or other Parts within the Limits of the faid Company’s Charter, until they (hall be authorized by the Board of Cornmiflioners for the Affairs of India fo to do.

LXXIV. And be it further enaclcd, That inftcad of the Oath by the faid Ad of the Parliament of Great Britain of the Thirty third Year of His prefent Majefty, required to be taken by the fevenl Directors who fliall from time to time be appointed a Secret Committee, they fliall take an Oath of the Tenor following j that is to fay,

4 t A. B. do fwear, That I will, according to the beft of my 4 * Skill and Judgment, faithfully execute the feveral Truth ar.d 4 Powers repofed in me as a Member of the Secret Comra:it:e,

4 appointed by the Court of Diredlors of the United Company 4 of Merchants of England trading to the Ea/l Indies; I will not 4 difclofe or make known any of the Secret Orders or Inftruttionj 4 which fliall be given, communicated or tranfmitted to the faid 4 Committee by the Cornmiflioners for the Affairs of Indian nor any 4 Difpatches communicated or tranfmitted to the faid Committee 4 by any of the Governments or Prefidencies in India9 which relate 4 to the levying of War or the making of Peace, or treating or 4 ncgociating with any of the Native Piincis or States of the Ecf 4 Indies, or other Parts within the Limits of the faid Company’*

4 Charter, fave only to the other Members of the faid Secret Com-4 mittec, or to the Perfon or Perfons who fliall be duly nominated * and employed in tranferibing or preparing the fame refpedlivcly,

4 unlefs I fliall be authorized by the faid Cornmiflioners to difclofe 4 and make known the fame.	So help me GOD.*

LXXV. And be it further enabled, That the Secretary of the faid Court of Directors, or the Examiner of Indian Correfpondence, or any other Perfon employed by the Secret Committee, in preparing or tranferibing any Secret Difpatches, Orders or lull ructions, required to be tranfmitted by them to /ndia9 under the Direction of the faid Adi of tlie Parliament of Great Britain of the Thirty third Year of His Majefty’s Reign, or any Secret Difpatches received from the Governments or Prefidencies in the Ea/l Indies or Parte . aforefaid, fliall, before they refpedlively enter upon that Duty, take and fubferibe, before any of the Members of the faid Secret Committee, an Oath of Secrecy, as near unto the Tenor and Form of the Oath hereinbefore provided and diredted to be taken by the Members of the faid Secret Committee, as the cafe will admit, in fuch manner as by the fame Adi of the Thirty third Year of His prefent Majefty is required, in regard to the Oath thereby directed to be taken by Perfons employed in preparing and tranferibing Secret Difpatches intended to be fent to India.

^	LXXVI.	And



A.D.i8i3-	53°	GEO.	III.

LXXVI. And be it further enafted, That in the Oath prefcribed Title of Aft into be taken by the Directors of the faid Company, after their Eleftion ’ferttdin D«rec-by the faid Aft of the Parliament of Great Britain of the Thirty lor*Path’as by third Year of His Majefty’s Reign, the Year and Title of this Aft	C*’52*	.

/hall be inferted, in dead of the Year and Title of the faid Aft of the 5 Thirty third of His Majelty’s Reign.

* LXXVI I. And whereas by the Charter of Incorporation of the 9 & 10 W. 3.

4 faid United Company, granted under the Authority of an A A c-44*

4 pa fled in the Ninth and Tenth Year of the Reign of His late

*	Majefty King William the Third, intituled An AS for raifing a 4 Sum not exceeding Tavo Millions, upon a Fund for Payment of An-

*	nuities after the Rate of Eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and 4 for fatting the Trade to the Eaft Indies, it is ordered and appointed,

*	that in alt cafes where there (hall be an Equality or equal Number 4 of Votes in any General Court, or in any Court of Directors 4 to be holdcn as aforefaid, the Matter fhall be determined by 4 Lets, which the Treafurer for the faid Company /hall caufe to 4 be prepared and drawn for that Purpofe : And whereas it is 4 expedient that fuch mode of Decifion (hould be no longer con-

4 tinued Be it therefore enafted, That, from and after the paffing In cafes of Eqtis-©f this Aft, no Queftion in any fuch General Court, or Court of l>ty of Votes in Direftors, fliall be carried otherwife than by a Majority of Votes ;	of^*

and in all cafes of an Equality of Votes upon any Queftion put in any D*,rt^ors, Quef- -fuch General Court or Court of Direftors, fuch Equality fhall be tj0ns confidered deemed and taken to operate as a Rejeftion of the Motion or Propofi- as rejeded,e«-tion on which fuch Queftion fhall have been fo put: Provided always, cePl in cafes that nothing herein contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend JandWatesfor to cafes of Eleftion of any Perfon to any Office or Place where there Qffice whicli are fhall be more than One Candidate for fuch Office or Place, but that ft,11 to be deter-in all fuch cafes where there fhall be an Equality of Votes in favour rained by Lcl of any Two or more Candidates, fuch Eleftion may be determined by Lot, in manner directed by the faid Charter; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXXVI 11. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Board may re-pafiing of this Aft, the Commiffioners for the Affairs of India, or <lu,'c Accounts, any of the Officers of the Board of Commiffioners for the Affairs of statements'^ India, by the Order and Authority of the faid Board, fhall not only prepared by have free Accefs to the Books, Papers, Letters of Correfpondence, Director Cvidences and other Records of the faid Company, and be affifted in their Searches for the fame, and furnifhed with Copies or Extrafts, in tHe manner prefcribed by the faid Aft of the Parliament of Great Britain of the Thirty third Year of His Majefty’s Reign, but fhall 33 G. 3. c.52. and may call for, and direft to be prepared, all fuch Accounts, State- § 10-ments and Abftrafts, relating to the Affairs of the faid Company as the faid Board fhall think fit; and the faid Court of Direftors /hall, with all reafonable Difpatch, caufe to be prepared and tranf-mitted to the faid Board, all fuch Accounts, Statements and Ab-(bafts, as the faid Board fhall fo direft to be prepared.

4 LXXIX. And whereas by the faid Aft of the Parliament of 33 0-3* c*5*

4 Great Britain, of the Thirty third Year of His Majefty’s Reign,

4 it is enafted, that the feveral Orders and Proceedings qf the Pre-4 fidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George and Bombay, fhonld 4 4 previoufly to their being publifhed and put in ExeCutiou, be figned 4 by the Chief Secretary to the Council of the Prefidency, by the

.	Z	z	4	4	Authority

C.155.	711

 L,ooQle

proceedings *t Vrefidenries ffgned by Principal Secretary of Department in Abfencc of Chief Secretary.

Vacancies of Governors, and Commanders in Chief, filled up by Court of Directors, lu!>-je£t ta His Majetfy’s Approbation. Provifo for Right of Directors to recal.

Vacancies in India (with Exceptions) not tiipphed hv Dir rectors without Approbation of Board.

35^3 c 5?. §57.

C. 15 j.	S30 GEO. in.	A.D.1813.

*	Authority of the Governor General in Council, or Governors m

*	Council, as the cafe may be: And whereas Inconvenience mar 4 arife to the Public Service, unlefs fome other Perfon, befides fuch

*	Chief Secretary, be authorized to fign fuch Orders and Proceedings;’ Be it therefore further enafted, That all fuch Orders and Proceedings of the feveral Governments and Prefidencies in the Eafl Indies, aad Parts aforefaid, fhall or may, previoufly to their being publifhed or pot in Execution, be figned in manner aforefaid, either by the Chief Secretary to the Government of the faid Prefidency, or in the Abfence of fuch Chief Secretary, by the Principal Secretary of the Department of fuch Prefidency to which fuch Orders and Proceedings relate ; any thing to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXXa. And be it further enafted, That, from and after the paffing of this Aft, all Vacancies which fhall happen in the Office of Governor General of Fort William, or of Governor of either of the Company’s Prefidencies or Settlements of Fort Saint George or Bombay, or of Governor of the Forts and Garrifons of Fort Wilium, Fort Saint George or Bombay, or of Commander in Chief of all the Forces in India, or of any Provincial Commander in Chief of the Forces there, fhall be filled up and fupplied by the Court of Directors of the faid United Company; fubieft neverthelefs to the Approbation of His Majefly, to be fignihed in Writing under his Royal Sign Manual, counterfigned by the Prefident of the Board of Com-raiffioners for the Affairs of India : Provided always, that nothing herein contained fhall exteud, or be conftrued to extend, to takeaway or affeft the Power of the faid Court of Directors, to remove or rtcal any fuch Governor General, Governor or Commander in Chief; hot the faid Court fhall and may at all times have full Liberty to remow, recal aud difmifs any fuch Governor General, Governor or Commander in Chief, at their Will aud Pleafure, in like manner as if this Ad had not been made.

LXXXI. And be it further enafted, That, from and after the paffing of this Aft, it fhall not be lawful for the faid Court of Direftors, either provifionally or otherwife, to nominate or appoint any Perfon to fucceed to any Office or Employment in the Civil or Military Effablifhments of the faid Company in the Eafi Indies, or Parts aforefaid, without the Approbation of the faid Board of Com* miffioners, other than and except as aforefaid : Provided always, that nothing herein contained fhall prevent or hinder the faid Court of Direftors from nominating or appointing abfolutely or provifiooaUy fuch Perfons as they may think fit to the Offices of Member of Council, General Officer on the Staff, Advocate and Attorney General, Attorney at Law of the faid Company, or Chaplain at the feveral Prefidencies or Settlements, or to any Offices or Employments in the Civil or Marine Eflablifhments of tne faid Company, which may be and ufually have been fupplied by Perfons not having been covenanted Servants of the faid Company previoufly to their Nominations or Appointments, nor to prevent the faid Court of Direftors from nominating or appointing Writers, Cadets or Affiflant Surgeon, in fuch manner as they have heretofore been ufed or accuftomed to, do.

4 LXXXIL And whereas a flrift Adherence to the Prorifions 4 fontained in the faid Aft made in the Thirty third Year of His 1 prefeat Majeitj’e Reign, in refpeft to the filling up and fupptying

* Vacancies





7^3

A,D'i8i3~

530 GEO. UI.

4 Vacancies in the Civil Service of the (aid Company has been found 4 impracticable, without Detriment to the Public Service, or Injury

•	to the juft Claims and meritorious Exertions of Individuals : And 4 whereas a Modification of the laid Aft has been in part adopted

•	in the Aft of the Forty feventh of His prefent Majefty, relative

•	to the Scholars educated at Hertford College;* Be it therefore Periods of Serenaded, That, from and after the palling of this Aft, any Office, vice neceflkry for Place or Employment, the Salary and Perquifites whereof (hall

exceed the Sum of Fifteen hundred Pounds, may be granted to and modified . a$to conferred upon the faid Servants who (hall have been actually refident Places of more in India in the faid Company’s Service for the Space of Four Years than 1*500!. at the leaft in the whole, antecedent to fuch Vacancy; and if the l*r Ami. Salary, Perquifites and Emoluments of any Office, Place or Employ- c?6? § 7^ ** raent, #(hall exceed the Sum of Three thoufand Pounds per Annum9 piaCe, Qf more fuch Office may he conferred upon any of the faid Servants who {hall than 3,cooL per have been aftually refident in India Seven Years at leaft in the whole ; Ann. and if the Salary, Perquifites and Emoluments of any Office, Place Maces of more or Employment, (hall exceed Four thoufand Pounds per Annum, fuch 1 cfn Office, including that of the Council, may be granted to or conferred [including tbe upon any of the faid Servants who (hall have been aftually refident in Council)

India in the Company’s Service for the Space of ten Years at the leaft in the whole.

4 LXXXIII. And whereas by a certain Aft, made in the Fifty S1 G. 3. c*75*

4. firft Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for making S*

4 further Provifion for the Payment of Salaries, and other Charges in 4 the Office of tbe Commiffioners for the Affairs of India; and for en-4 ahling tbe Eaft India Company to refloreto the Service of tbe faid Com-4 pany9 Military Officers removed therefrom by Sentences of Courts 4 Martial; and to authorize tbe faid Company, in cafes of unforefeen 4 Emergency, to take up Ships bp private ContraS; it was declared and

•	enafted, that it was lawful for the Court of Direftors of the 4 faid United Company, to reftore to the Service of the faid Com-

•	pany, any Military Officer who (hould have been or (hould be dif-4 miffed or fufpended therefrom by the Sentence of a Court Martial,

4 provided that no fuch Reftoration (hould be in any ways valid or 4 effeftual, without tbe Approbation and Confent of the Board of 4 Commiffioners for the Affairs of India9 for that Purpofe had and 4 obtained: And whereas it is expedient that the Reftoration by 4 the faid Court of Direftors to the Service of the faid Company, of 4 fuch of the (aid Company’s Servants, Civil and Military, as (hall be 4 fufpended by the Authority of any of the Governments or Prefi*

4 dencies of the faid Compaoy in India9 and alfo that the Reftoration 4 to their former Stations of Officers Civil and Military, removed by 4 the like Authority, (hould be fubjeft to the like Approbation and 4 Confent of the (aid Board of CommiffionersBe it therefore

further enafted, That, from and after the paffing of this Aft, no Reftoration of Reftoration by the faid Court of Direftors, to the Service of the faid Servant*, Cirff Company, of any Servant of the faid Company, Civil or Military, and Military, who (hall have been fufpended by the Authority of any of the	***

faid Company’s Governments or Prtfidencies in the Eajl Indies, or Government! Parts aforefaid; and no Reftoration by the faid Court of Direftors abroad, not val:d to his Station, Office or Employment in the Service of the faid without Confent Company of any Officer of the faid Company, Civil or Military, who (hall have been removed therefrom by the like Authority, (ball be valid

or





7U

.13 0.3. c .51. i 70-

Certain Officers may return to India, after Five Year* Abfence, with Content of Dire&ors and Board, though Abfence not occaHoned by Sicknels, ficc.

Reftored Civil {servants to take Precedence according to Seniority at time of Depaiturc from India,

33 G.3. C.KZ.

U6.

C. 155.	53"	GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

or effeftual, without the Approbation and Confent of the laid Board of Commifiioners, for that Purpofe firft had and obtained.

4 LXXXIV. And whereas by the faid Aft of the Parliament of

*	Great Britain, of the Thirty third Year of His Majefty’s Reign, 4 it is enafted, that no Perfon who (hall hold a Military Station in

*	the Service of the faid Company, being under the Rank of Com-

*	mander in Chief of the Forces, and who having departed from

*	India by Leave of the Governor General in Council, or Governor

*	in Couucil, (hall not return to India within Five Years next after

*	fuch Departure, (hall be entitled to any Rank, or be capable of 4 again ferving in India, either in the European or Native Corps

*	of Troops, nnlefs it (hall be proved to the Satisfaction of the

*	faid Court of Directors, and the Board of Commifiioners for the

*	Affairs of India, that fuch Abfence was occafioned by Sifknefi 4 or Infirmity, or fome inevitable Accident: And whereas Incon-4 veniencc to the Military Service of the faid Company has been 4 found lo arife, in certain cafes, from the faid ProviiionBe it therefore enafted, That it shall and may be lawful for the faid Court of Direftors, with the Approbation of the faid Board of Commiffioners, to permit any Military Officer, being of the Rank of a General Officer or Colonel commanding a Regiment, or being a Lieutenant Colonel Commandant of a Regiment, who, having departed from India with fuch Leave as aforefaid, fhall not hare returned to India within Five Years from the time of fuch Departure, to have his Rank and to be capable of again ferving in India, although fuch Abfence may not have been occafioned by Sicknefs or Infirmity, or any inevitable Accident 5 any thing io the faid Aft contained to the contrary not with Handing.

LXXXV. And be it further enafted, That when and as often as any Perfon having held any Civil Station- in India, in the Service of the faid Company, and having departed from India by Leave of the Governor General in Council, or Governor in Council, fhall be reftored to the faid Company’s Service, after an Abfence of Five Years from the time of fuch Departure, fuch Perfon from and after fuch Reftoration, fhall take Rank and Precedence only according to the time he fhall have pafled in the Service of the faid Company at the Period of his Departure from India; and on his Return to India, if any other Civil Servant or Servants at the Settlement to which he fhall belong, fhall have then paffed a greater or the like Length of time in the Service of the faid Company, as the Perfon fo reltored had pafled when he left India9 the Perfon fo reftored (hall be placed and take Rank immediately below fuch other Civil Servant or Servants ; any Matter or Thing to the contrary not with Handing.

4 LXXXVI. And whereas by the faid Aft of the Parliament of 4 Great Britain, of the Thirty third Year of His prefent Majefty’s 4 Reign, it is enafted, that all the Civil Servants of the faid United 4 Company in India, under the Rank or Degree of Member of 4 Council, fhaU have and be entitled to Precedence in the Service 4 of the faid Company at their refpeftive Stations according to the 4 Seniority of their Appointment: And whereas the feveral Govem-4 ments of the faid Company arc often prevented from appointing 4 meritorious Servants of the faid Company to be Members of Courts, 1 Boards and other official Eftablifhments, where Offices or Employ-4 ments are ejtercifed by feveral Servants of the faid Company col-,	4	ledivcly





A.D.1813.

53° GEO. III.

C.ij5.

ilS

4 leftively, left by fuch Appointment One or more Members of fucli 4 Court, Board or other Eftablifhment fhould be fuperfeded Be it therefore enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for any Governor Servants General or Governor in Council of the faid Company, if he (hall think proper, upon Application in Writing for that Purpofe by any B^^Courts Civil Servant of the faid Company defirous of being appointed a or other official Member of any fuch Court, Board or other Eftablifhraent, by fpecial Eftablithments, Order to direct that fuch Servant of the faid Company, on being thoiuh they do appointed to any Office or Employment in any fuch Court, Board or "ot talce Pr*cc' other Eftablifhment, (hall take Precedence at or in fuch Court, Board to Seniority of5 or other Eftablifhment, according to the Seniority of hi6 Appointment Services, as a Member of fuch Court, Board or other Eftablifhment, although fuch Civil Servant in refpeft of whom fuch Order (hall be made may thereby not take Precedence at or in fuch Court, Board or other Eftablifhment, according to the Seniority of his Appointment to the Service of the faid Company; and fuch Civil Servant lhall thereupon take Precedence at fuch Court, Board or other Eftablifhment accordingly 5 the faid Aft or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithftanding

4 LXXXVII. And whereas it is expedient, in the prefent circum-4 (lances, that the Number of His Majefty’s Forces, for which 4 Payment fhould be made out of the Revenues arifing jxoin the 4 Britijh Territories and PofTeflions in the Eajl Indies fhould be afeer-4 tained and fixed ;* Be it therefore enafted, That it (hall not be law- Payment for ful for the Commifiioners for the Affairs of India to give or approve	Proofs

Orders or Directions, that there fhall be paid, defrayed and allowed,	to'cxcced

out of the Revenues arifing from the faid Territories and PofTeflions, 20,000 Men, in refpeft of His Majefty’s Forces fent or to be fent to the Eajl unl«ft greater * Indies or Parts aforefaid, for the Security of the faid Territories and Number lent on PofTeflions, any Sum or Sums of Money, in refpeft of any greater ^eir Requifition. Number of His Majefty’s Forces, than fhall amount in the whole to Twenty thoufand Men, including the Commifiioned and Non Com* miflioned Officers; unlefs any greater Number of His Majefty’a Forces fhall be fent to the Eajl Indies or Parts aforefaid, on the Requifition of the faid Court of Direftors ; in which lafl cafe it (hail and may be lawful for the faid Commifiioners to give and approve fuch Orders and Direftions, for paying, allowing and defraying fuch Sums as aforefaid, in refpeft to fuch additional Forces of His Majefty fo to be fent on the Requifition of the faid Company.

4 LXXXVIII. And whereas by the faid Aft of the Parliament 33 G. 3. c.ja. of Great Britain of the Thirty third Year of His prefent Majefty, 5 1 *5-it was enafted, that no Grant or Refolution of the faid Company, or their Court of Directors, to be made after the palling of that Aft, and during the Continuance of their Right in the exclufivc Trade thereby granted, whereby the Funds of the faid Company might become chargeable with any new Salary, or Increaie of Salary, or any new or additional Eftablifhment of Officers or Servants, or any new Pcnfion or Increafe of Penfion, to any one Pcrfon, exceeding Two hundred Pounds per Annum, fhould be available in Law, unlefs fuch Grant or Refolution fhould be approved and confirmed by the Board of Commifiioners for the Affairs of India, attefted under the Hand of the Preiidcnt of the faid Board : And whereas, for further protefting the Funds of the faid Company, during the Coutiiiuauce of the further Term hereby

‘ granted

 LiOOQle

7i 6

No Gr.ituity above 6ool. tjoxi uniel's confirmed by Board.

Copies of Grants of Annuities Lid before Parliament.

t$ G. 3. c. 63.

f **•

39 & 40 G. 3. «• 79- § 7*

37 G-3- c. 14*. § zo.

repealed. Salaries of Officers.

G.15J.	53*GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

*	granted to the laid Company, it is expedient that the laid Company 4 fhould be put under reafonable Limitations, in refpe& to the graat-4 ing of Gratuities ;* Be it therefore further ena&ed, That, from and after the palling of this A&, it (hall not be lawful for the (aid Court of Dirc&ors to charge the Funds of the faid Company with the Payment of any Gratuity, to any Officer, Civil or Military, or other Per-fon, exceeding die Sum of Six hundred Pounds, unlefs the Grant or Refolution for that Purpofe (hall have been fan&ioned by the Court of Proprietors, and approved and confirmed by the Board of Commif-fioners for the Affairs of India ; and that Copies of all Warrants or Inftruments granting any Salary, Penfion or Gratuity, (hall be fub-mitted to both Houfes of Parliament, within One Month after fuck Grant, if Parliament (hall be then fitting, or if not, within One Month after their then next Meeting.

* LXXXIX. And whereas by a certain A& paffed in the Thir-4 teenth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 ftr 4 eflablijhing certain Regulations for the better Management of the 4 Affairs of the Eaft India Company, as well in India as ia Europe, it

*	is ena&ed, that the Salaries of the Governor General and Consol

*	of Fort William, and of the Chief Jufticeand Judges of the Supreme 4 Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, mall take plaoe tad 4 commeuce, in refpe& to all fuch Perfons who (hall be refident ia 4 Great Britain at the time of their Appointment, upon and from 4 the Day on which fuch Perfon (hall embark from Great Britain; 4 and that the Salaries of all fuch Perfons who (hall at the time 0$ 4 their Appointment be refident in India, (hall commence from and

*	after their refpe&ively taking upon them the Execution of their 4 Offices: And whereas by an A & paffed in the Fortieth Year of 4 His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for efiabli/bingfurther Rego* 4 lations for the Government of the Britifii Territories in India, nmJ 4 the better Adminiftration of Jujlice within the fame, a fimilar Pro-4. vifion ib made in refpe& to the Salaries of the Chief Juftice aad 4 Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Madras : Ami 4 whereas by an A& paffed in the Thirty feventh Year of Hi»

4 Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for the better Adminifiration of 4 Juj Vice at Calcutta, Madras and Bombay, and for preventing Brian 4 Subjeds from being concerned in Loans to the Native Princes in India,

4 a fimilar Provifion is made in refpe& to the Salary of the Recorder 4 of the Court of Judicature at Bombay : And whereas no fneb Prori-4 fion has been made refpe&ing the Commencement of the Salaries 4 of the Governor or Council of Fort Saint Georget or of the Gover-4 nor or Council of the Town and Ifiand of Bombay, or of the 4 Governor of Prince of Wales IJlandy or of the Recorder there:

4 And whereas it is expedient that a general and moderate Provtfion 4 fhould be made in refpe& of all the faid Offices and of otbert who 4 may happen to be in the United Kingdom at the time of their Ap-

*	pointments Be it therefore further ena&ed. That fo much of the faid A&s of the Thirteenth, Thirty feventh and Fortieth Years of Hk Majefty’s Reign, as relates to the Commencement of Salaries, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed : And that, from and after the paffing of this A&, the Salaries of the feveral Officers hereinbefore mentioned (hall commence from and after their refpe&ively taking upon them the Execution of their Offices ; and the faid Court of Dire&ors (hall and they are hereby retired to pay and advance to all and Angular

the



7*7

<A.D.i8i3«	53°GEO.	m.	C.iyj.

the Officers and Perfons hereinafter mentioned, who fhall be refident in the United Kingdom at the time of their refpe&ive Appointments, for the Purpofe of defraying the Expences of their Equipments and Voyage, fuch Sums of Money as are fet againft the Names of fuch Officers and Perfons refpe&ively ; that is to fay,

TV*2rS^0,.*rt}	•	Five	thoufand	Pounds:

TofCounciltlthere!,nber#} 0ne thoufand tw0 hundred Pound3 5 To the Commander in Chief ] m .1 rjc v. j in j of all the Forces in India,} Two thoufand fivc hundredPounds:

To the Chief Juftice of thel

Supreme Court at Fort > One thoufand five hundred Pounds:

William, -	J

To each of the Puifne Judges there, - One thoufand Pounds :

To the Governor of Fort Saint George, Three thoufand Pounds t

To each of the Members of Council there, One thoufand Pounds:

To the Commander in Chief there, - Two thoufand Pounds :

To the Chief Juftice of the! r\ r j t ,	,	,	0 j

Supreme Court there, j 0ne thoufand tw0 hundred PoUnds !

To each of the Puifne Judges there, - One thoufand Pounds :

To the Governor of Bombay, Two thoufand five hundred Pounds:

To each of the Members of Council there, One thoufand Pounds:

To the Commander io Chief] ^	f	c u » r> a

there	l	thoufand	five hundred Pounds 1

To the Recorder there, -	- One thoufand Pounds:

^°WafalflandV	thoufand	two hundred Pounds:

To the Recorder there,	-	-	One thoufand Pounds :

To the Bifhop,	-	One	thoufand	two hundred Pounds:

To each of the Archdeacons, -	-	Five hundred Pounds.

* XC. And whereas by an Ad pafled in the Fifty firft Year of 51 ^-3* c> 7S*

*	His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for making further Provifton t for the Payment of Salaries and other Charges in the Office of the 4 Commiffioners for the Affairs of India, and for enabling the Ealt

*	India Company to refiore to the Service of the faid Company Military 4 Officers removed therefrom by Sentence of Courts Martial, and to au-

*	thorize the faid Company in cafes of unforeseen Emergency, to take up

4 Ships by Private ContraS, it is enaded, that the whole of the $ **

4 Salaries to be paid to thejMembers of the faid Board of Com-4 miffioners for the Affairs of India, and to the Secretaries and 4 Officers of the fame, together with all other contingent Charges 4 and Expences of the faid Board to be defrayed by the faid United

*	Company, fhould not exceed the Sum of Twenty two thoufand

4 Pounds in any one Year: And whereas it is neceffary, that an 4 Addition fhould be made to the faid Sum, for the Purpofe of 4 further remunerating the Services of the Secretaries and Officers 4 of the faid Board Be it therefore enaded, That fo much of the faid A (ft as limits the Sum to be defrayed by the faid Company on account of the faid Board, to the Sum of Twenty cwo thoufand , . Pounds in any one Year, fhall be, and the fame is hereby repealed ;	..

and that, from and after the paffing of this Ad, the Sum to be ^g^7orsSa°-" defrayed by the faid Company on account of the faid Board, fhall	charges

aot exceed the Sum of Twenty fix thoufand Pounds in any one of RoudofCgo* 1*	Y ear; trouL





7«*

C 155:

53* GEO. III.

A.D.18I3*

His Maiefty empowered to crant Superannuations to Officers of Board of Con-troul.

5c G. 3. c.117.

§ ».

Previous Service taken into Account for Officers of Board.

Court of Directors empowered to grant Superannuations to Com pane’s Servants in England,

Year; and that the fame (hall be deemed and taken as Part of the Political Charges of the faid Company.

4 XCI. And whereas it is reasonable that His Majeity, his Heirs * or SuccefTor3, ffiould have Power to grant Allowances, Comper?-4 fations, Remunerations or Superannuations, to the Secretaries ami 4 other Officers of the faid Board, under the Conditions hereinafter 4 provided Be it therefore enacted. That it (hail and may hula wful to and for His Majeity, his Heirs or Succeffors; by any Warrant or Warrant* under his or their Sign Manual, countcrfigncd by the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the time being, to gTant or allow to any of the Secretaries or Officers for the time being belonging to the laid Burd, fuch Allowances, Compenfations, Remunerations or Superannuations as His Majeity, his Heirs or SucccfTor>, fhnll think proper ; under and fubiedl neverthelels to fuch or th* like Conditions, and in fuch or the like Proportions, as Allowances, Compenfations, Remunerations or Superannuations, may now be made to Public Officers, by virtue of an Adt palled in the Fiftieth Year of His prefent Majefty's Reign, intituled An A3 to dire3 that Accounts of Increafe and Diminution of Public Salaries, Pcnfions and Allowances,Jhall be annually laid before Parliament, and to regal::' and ccntroul the granting and paying of fuch Salaries, Penfions and Slllowances ; and that the fame ffiall be paid and defrayed Quarterly by the faid Company, and be deemed and taken as Part of their Political Charges.

XCIL Provided always, That where any Officer or Servant of the faid Board ffiall have been in the Service of the faid Company previoufly to his Employment under the Authority of the faid Board, the time of fuch Service under the faid Company ffiall be taken into Account, in computing the Number of Years' Service under the U:d Board.

4 XCI 11. And whereas it is rcafonable that the faid Court of 4 Dire&ors ffiould have Power to grant Allowances, in the Nature 4 of Superannuations, to fuch of their Officers and Servants i»i 4 England, as from Age or Infirmity may no longer be qualified for 1 the Execution of their feveral Offices or Employments :* Be it therefore enacted, That it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Directors to make Allowances, Compenfations, Remunerations or Superannuations, to the Officers and Servants of the faid Company in England; fubje<ft to the Reflridtions and accord-, ing to the Conditions and Proportions following; that is to fay, where it ffiall be proved, to the Satisfaction of the faid Court 01 Directors, that any fuch Officer or Servant, being under Sixty Years of Age, ffiall be incapable, from Infirmity of Mird or Body, to difeharge the Duties of his Office, in fuch cafe, if he ffiall have ferved with Diligence and Fidelity iu the Service of the faid Cotr.par.v for Ten Years, it ffiall and may be lawfql to grant him, by way i-t Superannuation, any annual Sum not exceeding One third of the Salary and allowed Emoluments of his Office: If above Ten Yeara and lefs than Twenty, any fuch Sum not exceeding One half of fuch Salary and allowed Emoluments: If above Twenty Years, any fuch Sum not exceeding Two thirds of fuch Salary and allowed Emoluments: If fuch Officer cr Servant ffiall be above Sixty Years of Age, and he ffiall have ferved Fifteen Years or upwards, it (hall and may be lawful, without Proof of Infirmity of Mind or Body, to

grant



A.D.1813.	53°GEO.	III.	C.15J.	71}

p^rant him, by way of Superannuation, any annual Sum not exceeding Two thirds of the Salary and allowed Emoluments of hia Office :

If Sixty five Years of Age or upwards, and he (hall have ferved Forty Years or upwards, any fuch Sum not exceeding Three fourths of fuch Salary and allowed Emoluments: If Sixty five Years of Age or upwards, and he (hall have ferved Fifty Years or upwards, any fuch Sum not exceeding the whole of fuch Salary and allowed Emoluments : All which Allowances fo to be made, (hall be charged in the Books of Account of the faid Company to the Debit of that Branch of the Company’s Affairs to which the faid Officers or Servants may refpeftively belong ; any thing in the faid Aft of the Thirty third Year of His Majefty’s Reign to the contrary not- 33 G-3-vvithftanding.

XCIV. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That an Account cfSu-Account of all Allowances, Compenfations, Remunerations and Su- Hj*jJ!2,atwns perannuations, which (hall be granted, either to the Officers or parliaa^nt. Servants of the faid Board of Commiffioners, or to the Officers or Servants of the faid Company as aforefaid, during the preceding Year,

(hall be laid before Parliament within Fifteen Days after the next Meeting thereof.

XCV. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing ^ nc* t0 Pre-in this Aft contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to preju-	m5	*or

dice or affeft the undoubted Sovereignty of The Crown of the United affeet Right! of Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in and over the faid Terri- Company, torial A equations 5 nor to preclude the faid United Company, after the Determination of the Term hereby granted, from the Enjoyment of or claim to any Rights, Franchifes or Immunities which they now have, or to which they may hereafter be entitled.

4 XCVI. And whereas Doubts have been entertained whether -4 the feveral Governments of the faid Company have fufficient Power 4 in all cafes to make Laws and Regulations and Articles of War,

* for the Order and Difcipline of Officers and Soldiers, being Natives 4 of the Eajl Indies, or other Places within the Limits of the faid 4 Company’s Charter, in the Service of the faid Company, and for 4 the Adrainifl ration of Juflice by Courts Martial to be holden 4 upon fuch Officers and Soldiers ; and it is expedient that fuch 4 Doubts (hould be removed ;’ Be it therefore enabled and declared,

That the feveral Governments of Fort William, Fort Saint George Oovernments in and Bombay, have and (hall, during the Continuance of the Term Iiul,a empowered hereby granted to the faid Company, be deemed and taken to have make Laws, full Power and Authority to make all fuch Laws and Regulations Articlesof5\Var, and Articles of War, as they may think fit, for the Order and Dif- for Native '' cipline of all Officers and Soldiers, Natives of the Eajl Indies, or Troops; and to other Places within the Limits of the faid Company’s Charter, in 1101(1 9ouru their refpe&ive Services, and for the Adminiftration of Juflice by Mmial* Courts Martial to be holden on fuch Native Officers and Soldiers, and for the Conllitution and manner of Proceeding of fuch Courts Martial, and for all other Purpofes relating to or in any manner concerning fuch Native Officers and Soldiers, in as full and ample a .manner as the faid Governments refpeftively may make any other Laws or Regulations for the Government of the Natives of the feveral Territories fubjeft to the laid Prefidencies refpeftively ; any Aft of Parliament, or other Matter or Thing to the contrary not-withftanding: Provided always, that all Laws, Regulations and Prcvifo.

Articles ’



720

Ci SS-

5 3

GEO. III.

A-D.iSt 3.

37 G.3. c. 141.

§8.

Former Laws, Articles of War and eftablifhed Ufage* refpett-ing Native Troopi confirmed.

Governor General and Governors in Council at Fort William Madras, Bombay aud Prince of Wales lfland, may impofe Cuftomt and other Taxes, on Places aud Per-fa» within Ju-riidi&on of Courts Itablifiled by King's Charter; in

Articles of War, hereafter to be made refpeding any of the Mitten aforefaid, whereby the Rights, Perfons or Property of any foch Native Officers or Soldiers may be aife&ed, (hall be made and promulgated in every refped in the fame manner as other Regulations affeding the Rights, Perfons or Property of Natives or other Individuals amenable to the Provincial Courts of the Prefideccy of Fort William in Bengal, are direded to be made by virtue of an Ad pafied in the’Thirty feventh Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for the better Adminijlration of Juftiee at Calcutta, Madras and Bombay ; and for preventing Britifh SubjeQs from being concerned in Loans to the Native Princes in India.

XCVII. And be it further enaded and declared. That all Laws, Regulations and Articles of War heretofore made by any of the hud Governments, refpeding the faid Native Officers and Soldiers, or tl e Adminiftration of Juftiee by Courts Martial to be holden upon tbctn, or the Conftitution or Proceeding of fuch Courts Martial, or in any manner refpeding the Government, Order or Difcipline of fuch Name Officers or Soldiers, and alfo all eftablifhed Ufages aded upon by fuch Governments, refpeding any of the Matters aforefaid, although the fame may not have originated in any written Law or Regulation thereof, were and that fuen of the faid Laws, Regulations, Articles of War and eftablifhed Ufages as are now fubfifting, are, and until altered or repealed by the faid Governments refpedively (hall be, to all Intents and Purpofes, valid ; and that all Courts Martial bolder according to fuch Laws, Regulations or Articles of War, or eftablifhed Ufages, and all Proceedings of the fame refpedively, and all other Ads or Proceedings done or had under fuch Laws, Regulations, Articles of War or eftablifhed Ufages, are hereby ratified and confirmed, and declared to be valid, and to have been legally had and done; fo far as the feme refpedively were and are conformable to fuch Laws, Regulations, Articles of War and eftablifhed Ufagei.

‘ XCVIII. And whereas it is expedient that the Govermnettt 4 of the faid Company eftablifhed at Fort William, Fort Saint Georg:,

4 Bombay and Prince of Wales lfland refpedively, fhould have Au-4 thority to impofe Duties and Taxes to be levied within the fcvenl 4 Towns of Calcutta and Madras, the Town and lfland of Bombay 4 and Prince of Wales lfland, and alfo Duties and Taxes to be paid 4 by Perfons fubjed to the Jurifdidions of the Supreme Court of Ju-4 dicature at Fort William in Bengal, the Supreme Court of Judicature 4 at Madras, the Court of the Recorder of Bombay, and the Court 4 of Judicature at Prince of Wales lfland refpedively 5* Be it therefore enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful to and tor the Governor General in Council of Fort William in Bengal, and to said for the Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, and to and for the ’ Governor in Council of Bombay, and to and for the Governor ia Council of Prince of Wales lfland, within the refpedhre Prefidesoei of Fort William, Fort Saint George, Bombay and Prince of Wain lfland, to impofe all fuch Duties of Cuftoms and other Taxes, to be levied, raifed and paid within the faid Towns of Calcutta and Madras, the faid Town and lfland of Bombay, and Prince of Wales lfland, and upon and by all Perfons whomfoever, refident or being theneia refpedively, and in refped of all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Commodities and Property whatfoever alfo being therein refpedively ; and alfo upon and by all Perfons whomfpeverf whether Briti/b born or

Foreigner!

 (^.ooQle

33



Foreigners, refident or being in any Country or Place within the Authority of the faid Governments refpe&ively ; and in refpedl of all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Commodities and Property whatfoever being in any fuch Country or Place, in as full, large and ample manner as fuch Governor General in Council, or Governors in Council refpe&ively may now lawfully impofe any Duties or Taxes to be levied, raifed or paid, upon or by any Perfons whomfoever, or in any Place whatfoever, within the Authority of the faid Governments re-fpedively ; Provided always, that no Impofition of any fuch Duty or Tax, or any Increafe of any fuch Duty or Tax, within the faid Towns of Calcutta or Madras, the faid Town and Ifland of Bombay, or Prince of Wales Ifland, (hall be valid or effe&ual, until the fame (ball have been fan&ioned by the faid Court of Directors, with the Approbation of the faid Board of Commiflioners, in manner herein* before prescribed refpe&ing Duties and Taxes of Export, Import and Tranfit on Goods, Warefc or Merchandize.

XCIX. And be it further enadted, That it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Governor General in Council, and Governors in Council refpe&ively, to make Laws and Regulations refpe&ing fuch Duties and Taxes, and to impofe Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, for the Non-payment of fuch Duties or Taxes, or for the Breach of fuch Laws or Regulations, in as full and ample manner as fuch Governor General in Council, or Governors in Council refpe&ively, may now lawfully make any other Laws or Regulations, or impofe any other Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures whatfoever; and all luch Laws and Regulations (hall be taken Notice of without being fpecially pleaded, at well in the faid Supreme Courts and Recorder’s Court and Court of Judicature at Prince of Wales Ifland refpe&ively, as in all other Courts whatfoever, within the faid Britifb Territories : And that it fhaH and may be lawful for all Perfons whomfoever, to prefer, pro-fecute and maintain in the fame Supreme Courts and Recorder’s Court and Court of Judicature at Prince of Wales Ifland refpedtively, all manner of Indidlments, Informations and Suits whatfoever, for enforcing fuch Laws and Regulations, or for any Matter or Thing whatfoever arifing out of the fame ; any A&, Charter, Ufage or Other Thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

C. And be it further ena&ed, TJiat it (hall and may be lawful fof tbe Advocate General, or other principal Law Officer of the faid Company, at the feveral Prefidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint Ceorgey Bombay and Prince of Wales' IJlatid, to exhibit in Behalf of the laid Company to the Supreme Courts of Judicature at Fort William and Madrasy Recorder’s Court at Bombay, and Court of Judicature at Prince of Wales Ifland, as Occafion (hall require, againft any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, fubjeft to the Jurifdiction of the faia feveral Courts refpe&ively, any Information or Informations for any Breach or Breaches of the Revenue Laws or Regulations of any of the faid Governments, or for any Fine or Fines, Penalty or Penalties, Forfeiture or Forfeitures, Debt or Debts, or Sum or Sums of Money, committed, incurred, or due by any fuch Peifon or Perfons, in refpedt of any fuch Law or Regulations ; and fuch Proceedings (hall be had and taken upon every fuch Information as may lawfully be had or taken, in cafe of an Information filed by His Majefty’s Attorney General in the Court of Exchequer in England, for any Offence committed again ft the Revenue Laws of 53 Geo. III.	3 A	Englandy

fame manners* in Places without fuch Jurifdidtion. No fuch Tax in Calcutta, Madras, Bombay or Piince of Wale* Ifland, valid till fandtinned by Directors, with Approbation of Board.

Governor General and Governors in ( o mcil mav mike Law* arid Regulation* rel'prdVm* fuch Duties and Taxes an I impofe Fines and Forfeitures for Non-payment thereof.

Advocate General may exhibit Informations to the Kind’s C-Hirts, in Matters of Revenue, *c.



3-

Penalties to belong to Com. patir.

Piovifion for fummary Conviction and Puuifhmeut of Britilh Subjects being in India without Licence or exceeding Terms of Licence.

Penalty.

C.155-

53° GEO. HI.

England, or for any Fine, Penalty, Forfeiture, Debt or Sum of Money due in refpeft thereof ; fo far as the circumftances of the cafe, and the Courfe and Pra&ice of Proceeding in the faid Courts rcfpec-tively will admit; and all Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Debts and Sums of Money, recovered or levied under or by virtue of any fuch Information fo to be exhibited as aforefaid, (hall belong to the (aid United Company, and the fame, or the Proceeds thereof, (hall be carried in their Books of Account to the Credit of the Territorial Revenues of the faid Company.

* Cl. And whereas it is expedient that Provifion (hould be made

*	for empowering the feveral Governments of the faid Company in

*	India, to reftrain, by fummary Convictions, Briti/h Subieds redding 4 in India without Licence or Certificate, or beyond the Terms of

*	fuch Licence or Certificate, in cafes where fuch Governments

*	may not deem it advifable to exercife the Powers veiled in them

*	of profecuting fuch Perfons for a Mifdemeanor, or fending them

*	to the United Kingdom Be it therefore ena6ted, That upon Information being exhibited by the Advocate General, or other principal Law Officer of the faid Company, at any of their Prefidencies, in the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William, the Supreme Court of Judicature at Madras, the Recorder's Court at Bombay, or the Court of Judicature at Prince of Wales IJland, that any fuch Subjed of His Majefty has been found in any Part or Place of the Ecsfi Indict, or Parts aforelaid, to which the Jurifdi&ion of the Court in which fuch Information may be filed extends, without being duly licenfed or otherwife authorized for that Purpofe, it (hall and may be lawful for the Court in which fuch Information may be filed, to caufe fuch Perfon to be arreiled and brought before fuch Court; and upon Proof being duly made before fuch Court of the Subftance of the Matter dated in the faid Information, fuch Perfon (hall be required to produce or prove the Licence or other Authority under which he came to and refides in the Eajl Indies, and under which be re-forted to or was remaining, or found at the Place where be (hall be proved to have been : And in cafe he (hall fail to produce or prove any fuch Licence or Authority, or duly to account for the Non production or Want of Proof thereof, or if upon Production or Proof thereof it (lull appear to the faid Court that the Refidence of fuch Perfon in the Eajl Indies, or his reforting to or remaining in the Place where he (hall be proved to have been, was not w ithin the true Intent and Meaning of fuch Licence or Authority, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Court, in a fummary way, to convict fuch Offender of haviug been found on fuch a Day at fuch a Place within the Eaf Indies or Parts aforefaid, without being duly licenfed or otherwile authorized for that Purpofe, and to order fuch Offender to pay fuch Fine, not exceeding Two thoufand Rupees, as the faid Court (hall think fit, and alfo to commit fuch Offender to the Gaol of the Pre-fidcncy to which fuch Court (hall belong, for a Period not exceeding Two Months, unlefs fuch Fine (hall he fooncr paid; and in cafe fuck Perfon flail a Second time be convi&cd of a like Offence, either be* fore the fame or any other Court, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Court before which fuch Perfon (hall be fo convi&ed a Second time, to order fuch Offender to pay fuch Fine, not exceeding Four thou-fand Rupees, as the faid Court (hall think fit, and alio to commit I fuch Offender to the Gaol of the Prelidency to which fuch Court

dull

 LjOOQle

723

A.D.1813.	53°	GEO.	III.	C.i 55.

fliall belong, for a Period not exceeding Four Months, unlefs fuch Fine (hall be fooner paid : Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to repeal, alter or annul any Ena&ment or Provifion contained in any former A& or Adte, whereby any Perfon fo being found in the Eaft Indies or Parts afore-faid, without having a Licence or other Authority for that Purpofe, is or may be fubjected to a Profecution for a’ Mifdemeanor, or whereby fuch Perfon is or may be liable to be fent to the United Kingdom : Provided nevertheief3, that no Perfon who (hall have been convi&ed asaforefaid, (hall be liable to be profecuted fora Mifdemeanor, or fent to the United Kingdom, in refpeft of any Residence in the Eaft Indies or Parts aforefaid, previoufly to the Date of fuch Conviction.

CII. And, for preventing any Delay of Juftice, or the unneceffary Detention of Perfons charged with Offences, be it further enadted, That all His Majefty’s Courts exercifing Criminal Jurifdi&ion within the faid feveral Prefidencies of the faid Company, (hall, and they are hereby required. Four times at the lead in every Year, on fuch Days and at fuch convenient Intervals of time as the Judges of the faid Courts refpe&ively (hall appoint, to hold their Seffions, for the Purpofe of taking Cognizance of all Matters relating to Pleas of The Crown.

*	CIII. And whereas great Inconvenience and Expence have 4 hitherto been experienced in cafes of Profecution under the Autho-

*	rity of the Advocate General or other principal Law Officer of

*	the faid Company, at their feveral Prefidencies of Fort William,

*	Fort Saint George and Bombay refpe&ively, for Mifdemeanors com-4 nutted at a Diftance from the faid feveral Prefidencies, by the ordt-4 nary Courfe of Indidment or Information filed with Leave- of the 4 Court Be it therefore ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Advocate General, or other principal Law Officer of the faid Company at their feveral Prefidencies in all cafes of Mifde-meanor alleged to have been committed by any Britijb Subjedt, at a Diftance of more than One hundred Miles from the Prefidency, within the Limits whereof fuch Offence (hall be alleged to have been committed, to file an Information ex ojjicio in the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William9 the Supreme Court of Judicature at Madras, or the Recorder’s Court at Bombay, as the cafe may be ; and all fuch Proceedings (hall and may be ufed and had upon fuch Information as may lawfully be ufed and had in cafes of Information filed ex oj/icio by His Majefty’s Attorney General in His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench in England; any Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithftanding.

*	CIV. And whereas it may be doubtful whether the Governor 4 General of ForL William in Bengal, or other Perfons authorized to 4 take, amft and feize fuch Perfons as may be found within the Eajl 4 Indies, and other Limits of the faid Company’s Charter, without

*	Licence or other lawful Authority for that Purpofe, have Power

*	to remit or fend any fuch Perfon or Perfons to the faid United 4 Kingdom, except for the Purpofe of being profecuted for a Mif-4 demeanor j Ana whereas it may be fufficient in many cafes to remit 4 and fend fuch Perfons to the United Kingdom, without fubje&ing

*	them to further PunifhmentBe it ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Governor General, or in his Abfence from his Government the Vice Prefidcnt, the Governor of any of the faid

3 A 2	Com-

Not to prevent

Britifh Suhjtds from being profecuted for Mif-demenners, or fent Home;

Pi ovifo for Refi-dence previous to Conviction.

King’s Courts reguljrlv to hold Selfions Four times in every Year, for trying Criminal Off.nces.

Mifdemeanors rommitted l>y Biitirti Suhjed* more than One hundred Miles from a Prefidency ; lnfcr-mations may be filed ex officio, and prolecuted as in Court of K.B. in England.

Perfons refidin* in India without Licence, may be fent Home with*



7*4

out being afterward* prosecuted.

Prorifo.

J ice* of Pence in Provinces (hall have Jurif-di&ion, in cafe of Aflault and Trefpafs committed by Britilh Subjects on Natives of indi .

C.155.	530 GEO. III.	AJ>.iSi>

Company’s Prefidencies, the Chief Officer of the laid Company refi* dent at any Britijh Settlement in the Eaft Indies or Parts aforefaid, the Company’s Council of Supercargoes at the Town and Fa£lory of Canton, within the faid Town and Fa&ory, and upon the River of Canton, or other Part of the Coaft of China, and fuch other Perfons as may be from time to time especially deputed and authorized for that Purpofe by the Court of Dire&ors of the faid United Company, to take, arreft, feize and caufe to be taken, arrefted and fcized, at any Place or Places within the Eajl Indies or Parts afqrefaid, and to remit aud fend to the United Kingdom, on board any Ship or Ships of or belonging to or in the Service of the (aid Company, bound to the United Kingdom, all fuch Perfons fo being found at any fuch Place or Places in the Eafl Indies or Parts aforefaid, without Licence or other lawful Authority for that Purpofe : and the Mailers or other Perfons having the Command of all fuch Ships, (hall and they are hereby authorized and required to receive, and fafely and (ecurely to keep all and every fuch Perfon and Perfons who (hall be fent on board any Ship or Ships for the Purpofe aforefaid, until fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be landed in fome Port or Ports of the United Kingdom: Provided always, that every Perfon who (hall be fo put on board any fuch Ship for the Purpofe aforefaid, (hall be entitled to be difeharged in fuch Port of the United Kingdom, in which fuch Ship Hull be moored in fafety, as fuch Perfon (hall think fit.

4 CV. And whereas His Majefty’s Britijh Subje&s refident in the

*	Britijh Territories in India, without the Towns of Calcutta, Ma~ 4 dras and the Town and Ifland of Bombay, are now, by Law, fab*

*	je6t only to the Jurifdi&ion of His Majefty’s Courts at Calcutta, 4 Madras and Bombay refpe&ively, and are exempted from the Joiif-4 diction of the Courts eftablilhed by the faid United Company withim 4 the faid Territories, to which all other Perfons, whether Natives or ‘ others. Inhabitants in the faid Territories without the Limits of the

*	Towns aforefaid, are amenable: And whereas it is expedient to 4 provide more effe&ual Redrefs for the Native Inhabitants of the 4 faid Territories, as well in the cafe of Aflault, forcible Entry, or

*	other Injury accompanied with Force, which may be committed by 4 Britijh Subjetfa at a Diftance from the Places where His Majcfty’s

*	Courts are eftablilhed, as in cafe of Civil Controver(ies~with fuch

*	[Aritifl Subjects ;’ Be it therefore ena&ed, ^hat it,(hall and mayXe lawluTior any Illative of India, refident in the Eafl Indies, or Parts aforefaid, and without the faid Towns, in cafe of any Aflault, forcible Entry or other Injury accompanied with Force, alleged to have been done againft his Perfon or Property by a Britijh Subject, to complain of fuch Aflault, forcible Entry or other Iujury accompanied with Force, not being Felony, to the Magiftrate of the Ziilah or Diftrift where the alleged Offender (hall be refident, or in which foch Offence (hall have been committed ; and that fuch Magiftrate (ball have Power and Authority, at the Inftance of the Perlon fo complaining, to take Cognizance of fuch Complaint, to hear Parties, to examine Witneffes, and, having taken in Writing the Subftance of the Complaint, Defence aud Evidence, to acquit or convid the Perfon accufed; and, in cafe of Convi&ion, to inflift upon fuch Perfon m fuitable Punifliment, by Fine, not exceeding Five hundred Rupees, to be levied in cafe of Non-payment by Warrant under the Hand of the faid Magiftrate, and upon any Property of the Party fo convi&cdp

which





7*5

A.D.1813.	53*GEO.	IIL

which may be found within the faid DiftriCt ; and if no fuch Pro* perty (hall be found within the faid Diftrift, then it (hall be lawful for the £aid Magistrate, by Warrant alfo under his Hand, to commit fuch Offender to fome Place of Confinement within the faid Zillah or DiftriCt, which in the Judgment of the faid Magiftrate (hall be fit for receiving fuch Offender ; or if there (hall be no fit Place of Confinement, then to the Gaol of the Presidency, to remain there for a Period not exceeding Two Month*, unlefs fuch Fine (hall be fooner paid; and it (hall be lawful for the faid Magiftrate to award the whole or any Portion of fuch Fine to the Party aggrieved, by way of Satisfaction for fuch Injury: Provided always, that in all caies of Convi6tion of a Britijh SubjeCt, under the Provision herein before contained, the Magiftrate before whom fuch Conviction (hall take place (hall forthwith tranfmit Copies of fuch Conviction, and of all Depofitions and other Proceedings relative thereto, to the Government to which the Place wherein the Offence was committed is or Shell be fubordinate : Provided alfo, that all fuch Fines (hall bepaid in the firft Inftance to the Magiftrate before whom the Party offending (hall be convicted, and the Amount thereof, after making fuch Satisfaction to the Party aggrieved, as aforefaid, if any, (hall be tranfmitted by fuch Magiftrate to the Clerk of the Crown, or other Officer to whom it belongs to receive Fines in His Majefty’s Court of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery for the Province within which the Offence (hall have been committed; and fuch Fines (hall and mayjbe difpofed of in the fame manner as other Fines impofed by fuch Court of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery s Provided alfo, that all fuch Convictions (hall and may be removable by Writ of Certiorari into the faid Courts of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery refpeCtively, in the fame manner, and upon the fame Terms and Conditions, and (hall be proceeded upon in the fame manner in every refpeCt as is directed in the faid ACt of the Thirty third Year of His Majefty’s Reign, with regard to other Convi&iona before Juftices of Peace in the Britijh Settlements or Territories in India: Provided alfo, that nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be construed to extend to prevent fuch Magiftrate from committing or holding to Bail any Britijh Subject, charged with any fuch Offence before him, in the fame manner as fuch Britijh SubjeCt might have been committed or holden to Bail if this ACt had not been paffed, where the Offence charged (hall appear to fuch Magiftrate to be of fo aggravated a nature as to be a fit SubjeCt for Profecutfon in any of His Majefty’s Courts to which fuch Britijh SubjeCt may be amenable.

CVI. And be it further enaCtcd, That in all cafes of Debt not exceeding the Sum of Fifty Rupees, alleged to be due from any Britijh SubjeCts to any Native of India refident in the Eajl Indies or Parts aforefaid, and without the JurifdiCtion of the feveral Courts of Reaucft eftablifhed at Calcutta, Madras and Bor6ay refpeCtively, it (hall and may be lawful for the Magiftrate of the Zillah or DiftriCt where fuch Britijh SubjeCt (hall be refident, or in which fuch Debt (hall have been contracted, to take Cognizance of all fuch Debts, and to examine Witneffes upon Oath, and in a fummary way to decide between the Parties, which Decifion (hall be final and conclufive to all Intents and Purpofes 5 and in all cafes where any fuch Debt (hall be found to be due from any Britijh SubjeCt to any fuch Native of

3 A 3	India»

Copy of Conviction and Proceedings fern to Government.

Fine* paid to Magiftrate.

Application

thereof.

Convidions removeable by Certiorari, and fubjedt to 33G-3- c.5*. S >53. >54*

Provifa

Indices of Peace to have Juristic-tion, in cafes <H frrull Debts due to Natives from Britifh Subjects



726

C. 155.

530 GEO. m.

AJX1813.

Bfitifh Subjefts rifiding or trailing or occupying immoveable Pro-) erty, Ten Miles from the Trefidencies, fubje^l to Local Civil Judicature.

Reftriftions as to Grounds of Jurildiction of Local Judicatures.

India, the Amount thereof (hall and may be levied in the fame man* ner, and fubjeA to the fame Regulations and Provifions, in refpedfc to the Commitment of the Debtor, as are hereinbefore made and provided in refpeA to the levying of Fines in cafe of the Convi&ion of a Britijh SubjeA before fuch Magiftrate.

CVJf. And be it further enacted, That all Britijb Subje&s of His M^fty. as well the Servants of the faid United Company aa others, who (hall refide, or (hall carry on Trade or other Bufinefs, or (hall be in the Occupation or PofTeffion of any immoveable Property in any Part of the Britijb Territories in Indian at the Diflance of more than Ten Miles from the feveral Prefidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George and Bombay refpectively, (hall be fubjeA to the Jurifdidion of all Courts which now have or hereafter may have Cognizance of Civil Suits or Matters of Revenue, either originally or by way of Appeal, within the DiftriAs or Places Where loch Britijh SubjeAs (hall fo refide, or carry on Trade or Bufinefs, or poffefs or occupy immoveable Property, in all AAiont and Proceedings of a Civil Nature, and,in all Matters of Revenue (except as hereinafter excepted), in the like manner as Natives of Indtsf and other Perfons not Britijh SubjeAs, are now liable to the Jurif-diAion of fuch Courts by and under the Regulations of the feveral Governments of Fort William, Fort Saint George and Bombay refpectively : Provided always, that no Britjh SubjeA (hall be liable to be fued in any fuch Court in refpeA of Refidence, unlefs he (hall have his Refidence within the Jurildiction thereof at the time of commencing the Action or Proceeding againft him; or that the Caufe of Suit (hall have arifen within the JurifdiAion of the faid Court, aod the Suit (hall be commenced within Two Years after the Caufe thereof (hall have arifen, and alfo within Six Months after the Defendant lhall have ceafed to refide within fuch JurifdiAion ; nor (hall any Britijh Subjedt be liable to be fued in any fuch Court in refpeA *& his carrying on Trade or Bufinefs within the JurifdiAion thereof, unlefs the Caufe of Suit (hall have arifen within fuch .Tuiifdi&ioo, and lhall relate to the Trade or Bufinefs fo carried on ; nor to be fued in refpeA of any immoveable Property pofleffed or occupied by him, unlefs fuch Property (hall be fituated within the JurifdiAkxi of the Court in which he (hall be fo fued, and fuch Suit (hall be brought to recover the Pofleffion or Occupation of fuch Property, or for Rent, or other Demand arifing out of the PoflTefiion or Occupation of fuch Property by fuch Britijh SubjeA : Provided alfo, that where by the Laws or Regulations in force, or hereafter to be Sudder Dewanny in force, within the Provinces refpeAively fubjeA to the Govero-ments of Fort William, Fort Saint George and Bombay aforefaid, it would be competent to a Party to any final Judgment or Decree of any Subordinate, Civil, or Revenue Court of Judicature, to appeal therefrom to the Sudder Dewanny Adawlut, or other Court however denominated, exercifing within thofe Provinces refpeAively the highell appellate JurifdiAion in Civil Suits, it (hall be competent to Britjh Subjects of His Majcfty, in Suits commenced againft them undfr the Provifions of this AA, inftead of appealing to the faid Sudder Dewanny Adawlut, or other Court fo exercifing tbc higheft appellate JurifdiAion as aforefaid, to appeal to the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William, or Fort Saint George, or the Recorder's Court at Bombay, according as the Suit may have been

com-

Where Appeal would lie to

Adawlut, or Loc.jI Court, Bntiilt Subject may appeal to His M.ijelty’s Courts,

 C^ooQle

727

A.D.i8i3‘	53°	GEO.	III.	C.	155.

commenced in the Provinces fubordinate to either of the (aid Pre-fidencies; and fuch Court (hall have the fame Powers as to fufpending or allowing Execution of the Judgment or Decree appealed again ft, and as to taking Security for Cods, or for the Performance of the Decree or Judgment of the faid fubordinate Courts, as the faid Sudder Dewanny Adawlut or other fuch Court as aforefaid would have had, and (hall alfo make Rules of Pra&ice for the Condudt of the faid Appeals, in all other refpe&s conforming in Subdance and EiFe& as nearly as poffible to the Courfe of Procedure of the faid Sudder Dewanny Adawlut, or other fuch Court as aforefaid in cafes of Appeal: Provided alfo, that nothing herein contained (hall extend ^rovir° r°r *u-or be condrued to extend to take away the Jurifdi&ion of the faid Supreme Courts of Judicature at Fort William and Madras, or the	fit©

faid Recorder’s Court at Bombay refpe&ively ; but that all Per funs ,}ler^ at his having Caufe of A&ion againd any Britijh Subjeft may, at their Election. Ele&ion, indead of fuing in fuch Provincial Courts as hereinbefore provided, commence and profecute their faid Suits in the faid Supreme Courts of Judicature, and the faid Recorder’s Court refpe&ively, in the fame manner as before the palling of this A6fc : Provided aifo, that nothing herein contained fhall extend or be condrued to extend, to authorize the holding or occupying of any Land or other immoveable Property, beyond the Limits of the faid feveral Prefidencies, by any Britjb Subject of His Majedy, otherwife than under and according to the Permiffion of the Governments of the laid Pre-de ncies.

of fuch Permif-fion in *. ourt of

Diftf i& ;

CVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That every Briti/b Subje& of Erinto Subjefl*, His Majedy, not in the Service of His faid Maje dy, or of the faid ^orVthan Ten* United Company, who, after the Tenth Day of Bpril One thoufand Mile<from Preeight hundred and fourteen, (hall go to and re fide in any Part of the fidency, frail Britijh Territories in Ind'ta% didant more than Ten Milt s from the Pre- procure and tendency to which the fame (hall be fubordinate, with the Permidion of the Government of fuch Prefidency, or who (hall, after the faid Day, change his Refidence from one Part thereof to another, didant as aforelaid, with fuch Permidion, (hall procure from the Chief Secretary of the faid Government or other Officer authorized for that Pur-pofe, a Certificate figned by the faid Chief Secretary or other Officer, expreffiog that fuch Britijh Subject has the Permidion of fuch Government to refide at luch Place, fpecifying the fame, and expreding alfo whether fuch Permidion has been granted during the Pleafure of fuch Government or for any limited time ; and the faid Certificate (hall be depofited by fuch Britijh Subject in the Civil Court of the Didri& in which he (hall fo go to refide, within One Month after his taking up his Refidence there, and (hall be kept among the Records of the faid Court, of which certificate fo depofited, a true Copy atteded by the Judge or other Officer of fuch Court thereto authorized, (hall be given to the Party depoliting the fame, and (hall be deemed and taken in all Courts of '

Judice, and on all Occafions whatfoever, to be good and fufficient Evidence of fuch Certificate, unlefs the contrary (hall be (hewn’:

And no Britijh SubjeA not in the Service of His Majedy, or of the Suing in Civil laid United Company, going to refide in any fuch Part of the Britijh Courts Territories, or changing his Refidence from one Part thereof to an- ‘,Uije Copy of other, after the faid Day, (hall be allowed, while he fo refides, to <^CaD Affidavit** have or maintain any Civil Action or Proceeding (other than in the accounting for

3 A 4	Nature	not filing k.



7»8

C.I5S*

53° GEO. III.

A.D. 18x3.

Nature of an Appeal) againft any Perfon wliomfoever in any Court of Civil Jurifdiction within the Britijb Territories in India* until he (hall have filed, in the Court in which fuch A&ion or Proceeding is commenced, a Copy of fuch Certificate figned by the Judge ot the Court wherein the fame is depofited ; or an Affidavit accounting to the Satisfaction of the Court for not filing the fame ; and if it (hall be proved to the Court in which fuch A&ion is brought, that fuch Britijb SubjcCt is refiding at any Place within the faid Territories, diftant more than Ten Miles from the Prefidency to which it is fubordinate, without fuch Certificate or otherwife than according to the Permiffion contained in fuch Certificate, or that fuch Penniffioa has been revoked, or that, being for a limited time, it has expired and has not been renewed, and that fuch Britijb Subject is therefore re fiding without Permiffion at more than Ten Miles difiance from fuch Prefidency, fuch Britijb SubjeCt (hall thereupon he nonfuited.

4 CIX. And whereas Doubts have been entertained whether Per-

*	fons being Natives of India* in the Service of the United Company

*	of Merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indus* or of any of

*	His Majefty’s SubjeCU, are amenable to the Jurisdiction of the 4 Provincial Courts eftabltfhed in the Eajl Indus, or whether fuch

*	Perfons, being Natives of India, in the Service of the faid United

*	Company, or of His Majefty *s Subjedls, are not exclufively amena-

*	ble to the Jurifdi&ion of the faid Courts at Fort William* Madrm 4 and Bombay refpeCtively, and it is expedient that fuch Doubts 4 (hould be removed Be it further ena&ed and declared. That all Perfons whotoever, being Natives of India, who have been, now are or hereafter may be employed, by or in the Service of His Majefty, the faid United Company, or of any of His Majefty’s Subjeds, were, and are, and (hall be fubje& and amenable to all Provincial Courts of competent Jurifdidtion for all Crimes and Mifdemeanors, and in all A£hons and Suits whatfoever, of which fuch Courts refpe&ively could take Cognizance, if the Perfons having committed fach Crimes or Mifdemeanors, or againfi whom the Caufes of ^fnch A&ions or Suits (hall have arifen, had not been employed by, or had not been in the Service of His Majefty, or the faid United Company, or any of His Majefty’s Subject ; any Law, Ufage or Pra&ice to the contrary thereof in any ways notwithftanding : Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall any wife mift the faid Supreme Courts of Judicature of Fort William and Madras and the faid Court of the Recorder of Bombay refpc&ively, of any Jurifdi&ion over any Natives of India, which fuch Courts may now lawfully exercife 5 bat fuch Supreme Courts of Judicature of Fort William and Madras* and the faid Court of the Recorder of Bombay refpe&ively, as well as the Provincial Courts herein referred to, according to their feveral Jurif-di&ions, (hall have a concurrent Jurifdi&ion over Natives of /jrfa, employed by or in the Service of the faid United Company or any of His Majefty’s Subjedls.

4 CX. And whereas the Courts eftablifhed by the faid United 4 Company have no Jurifdi&ion over Crimes Maritime, and Doubts 4 have been entertained whether the Admiralty Jurifdi&ion of His 4 Majtdly’s Courts at Calcutta, Madras and Bombay, extends to any Perfons but thofe who are amenable to their ordinary Jnrif-ditiioo ; by reafon whereof Failures of Juftice may arifeBe it di&ion ot King’s therefore enacted, That it (hall and may be lawful for His Majefty's Coum exunded.	Courts

Native* oflr.dit in Set vice of Company, iub-jc£t to Provincial Courts.

Provifo for Supreme Courts at Fort William aud Madras.

Admiralty Jurif-



A.D.1813.

53* GEO. IIL

C.155.	1*9

Courts at Calcutta, Madras and Bombay, exercifing Admiralty Jurifdi&ion, to take Cognizance of all Crimes perpetrated on the High Seas, by any Perlon or Perfons whatfoever, in as full and ample a manner as any other Court of Admiralty Jurifdi&ion eftablifhed by His Majeity's Authority in any Colony or Settlement whatfoever belonging to The Crown of the faid United Kingdom.

• CXI. And whereas Doubts have arilen whether the Advocate General or other Principal Law Officer of the faid Company, at any 4 of the faid Company’s Prefidencies, is by Law authorized to exhibit 4 to the refpective Courts of Judicature at any of the faid Prefidencies,

4 for and on behalf of His Majefty, Informations in the Nature of 4 A&iont at Law, or Bills in Equity, for or in refpe& of any Caufe 4 or Caufes of Action, Debts, Dues, Demands, Accounts, Reckort-4 ings. Sum or Sums of Money, Stores, Goods, Chattels, or any 4 other Matter, Caufe or Thing whatfoever, which may have arifen 4 or accrued, or which may arife or accrue to His Majelly 5’ For Remedy thereof, be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be Advtcate Gent-lawful to and for the Advocate General, or other Principal Law ral of Company

Supreme Courts of Judicature at the faid Company’s Prefidencies of Majefty.

Fort William and Madras, or to the Recorder’s Court at Bombay, or the Court of Judicature at Prince of Wales ljland, any Information or Informations in the Nature of an A&ion or A&ions at Law, or of a Bill or Bills in Equity, as Occaiion (hall require, again ft any Perfon or Perfons refiding within or being amenable to the Jurifdi6lion of the faid Courts refpedtivcly, for or in refpedt of any Caufe or Caufes of A&ion, Debts, Dues, Demands, Accounts, Reckonings,

Sum or Sums of Money, Stores, Goods, Chattels, or any other

Matter, Caufe or Thing whatfoever, as fully and effe&ually to all

Intents and Purpofes, as His Majefty’s Attorney General for the

time being is by Law authorized to exhibit any fuch Information

or Informations in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Law or Equity

in this Realm; and that thereupon fuch Proceedings (hall be had as

far as the circumftances of the cafe and the Courfe and Pra&ice of the	v

laid Courts of Judicature at the faid feveral Prefidencies will admit,

as are had upon any fuch Informations exhibited by His Majefty’s

Attorney General in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Law or Equity

in this Realm.

4 CXII. And whereas great Inconvenience has arifen, from re- 33 G.3. c.$*

4 quiring the Civil Servants of the faid United Company, and other § 15a.

* Perfons Rationed at a Diftance from the Prefidencies, to attend and 4 take the Oaths in the Courts of Oyer and Terminer of the faid Pre-4 fidencies, as prefcribed by the faid A6t of the Parliament of Great 4 Britain of the Thirty third Year of His Majefty’s Reign 5’ Be it therefore ena&ed, That all Perfons who (hall be nominated and Jufticesof Petes appointed in any fuch Commiftions of the Peace as are in the faid may qualify by A6k mentioned, (hall be capable of a6ting as Juftices of the Peace ^“*2 k every refpett, according to the Tenor of fuch Commiflions, upon juftICelIJfthin taking and fubferibing in any Civil or Criminal Court of Juftice, Province*, within the Provinces in and for which any fuch Commiffion (hall have iffued before any other Juftice of the Peace, the like Oaths as

are



C.155-	53°	GEO. III.	A-D.iSij.

are appointed by the faid Ad to be taken in the Court of Oyer and Terminer of the Province or Prefidency for which fuch Perfons (hall be appointed to ad as Judices of the Peace ; and the Subfcripltos of fuch Perfons to the faid Oaths (hall be depod ted and kept with the Records of the Courts of Juftice in which the faid Oaths (hail have been adminiitered.

* CXIII. And whereas it is expedient that the Sudder Dewanny

*	Adawlut, and Nizamut Adawlut, or other Provincial Courts

*	however denominated, exercifing the highed Jurifdidion within the 4 Provinces refpedively fubjed to the Governments of Port WiJIsam, 4 Fort Saint George and Bombay, (hould have Power and Authority ‘ to execute Procefs of Arred, either Civil or Criminal, within the

*	Towns of Calcutta and Madras, and the Towu and IOand of

*	Bombay, notwithdanding the Jurifdi6tion of His Majefty’s Court*

ProvincialCnurts ‘ eftablifhed at thofe Places refpe&ively Be it therefore enafted, of higheft Juiif- That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Court of Sadder did ion, may ar- Dewanny and Nizamut Adawlut, or other Provincial Courts a (on-reft in Civil or	to	execute	or	caufe	to	be executed upon all Perfons fubied to

whl^n PrePden-5 Jurifdi&ion of fuch Courts refpe&ively, all manner of lawful eies notwith-	Procefs of Arred, within the refpedlive Limits of the Towns of

(landing Jurif-	Calcutta and Madras, and of the Town and Kland of Bombay, in the

diftion of King's fame manner as the faid Courts rcfpe&ively may, by virtue mf any Courts.	Power now vetted, or hereafter to be veiled in them, lawfully execute,

or caufe to be executed, fuch Procefs in any Place fituate without the faid Limits ; any Ad, Charter or other Matter or Thing whatsoever Procefs to be in t0 the contrary notwithdanding: Provided always, that all fuch Writing, with an Procefs which (hall be executed within the Limits aforefaid, (ball be Englilh Tranfla- in Writing, and (hall have underwritten or indorfed thereon, or other, k ° a Jud C5ned W^e annexec* thereto, a Tranflation thereof, or of the Subdance y • u fie* thereof, in the Englifh Language and Chara&er, (igned by cue of the Judges of the Court from whence the fame (hall iflue.

‘ CXIV. And whereas it is expedient, for the Prote&ioa of 4 Property and Trade in the Eajl Indies, that the dealing or taking 4 by Robbery, of Securities for the Payment of Money within the ‘ Eajl Indies, (hould be made Felony, and (hould be punitbable is

*	Felony ; and alfo, that further Proviiions (hould be made for the

*	* Punilhment of the Crimes of Forgery, and of uttering forged

*	Inftruments,- and of counterfeiting the Current Coin, and uttenag 4 fuch Counterfeit Coin, in the Eajl Indies Be it therefore ena&cd,

Stealing Chofet That if any Perfon or Perfons within the local Limits of the in Aft ion within Criminal Jurifdi&ion of any of His Majctty’s Courts at Fort WilUsm% Junfdittfton of	pQrt $atnt George, Bombay or	Prince of Wales IJlandor if any Perfoo

nur^hable hke	or Per^on8 per&nally fubjed	to the Jurifdi&ion of any of the (aid

Healing Goods.	Courts, at any Place in the	Eajl Indies, or any Place between the

Cape of Good Hope and the	Streights of Magellan, where the (aid

Company (hall have a Settlement, Fafctory or other EdabliJhtnent, (hall deal or take by Robbery any Bond, Bill of Exchange, Pro* miflory Note, Treafury Note, Banker’s Note, Order, Acknowledg. ment or other Security or Warrant for the Payment of Money, or entitling any Perfon to the Payment of Money, being the Property of any other Perfon or Perfons, or of any Corporation, notwithdaodhtf any of the faid Particulars are termed in Law a Chofe in ABiom^ it (hall be deemed and condrued to be Felony, of the fame Nature, and in the fame Degree, and with or without the Benefit of Clergy, in the



A.D. 1813.	53° GEO. III.	C.155.	lit

fame manner as' it would have been if the Offender had ftolen or taken by Robbery any other Goods of like Value with the Money-due on fuch Bond, Note, Bill, Order, Acknowledgment, Warrant or other Security refpe&ively, or fecured thereby, and remaining unfatisfied ; and fuch Offender and Offenders (hall fuffer fuch Punifh-ment as he, (he or they would or might have done, if he, fhe or they had ftolen other Goods of the like Value with the Monies due on fuch Bond, Note, Bill, Order, Acknowledgment, Warrant or other Security refpeflively, or fecured thereby, and remaining unfatisfied; any Law to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-ftanding.

CXV. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons Forgery, within the local Limits of the Criminal Jurifdi&ion of the faid Courts, or if any Perfon or Perfons perfonally fubje& to the Jurifdic-tion of any of the faid Courts, at any Place in the Eajl Indies, or at any Place between the Cape of Good Hope and the Streigbts of Magellan, where the faid Company {hall have a Settlement, Factory or other Eilablifhment, fhall falfely make, forge, counterfeit or alter, or caufe or procure to be falfely made, forged, counterfeited or altered, or willingly ad or affift in the falfe making, forging, counterfeiting or altering, any Deed, or any written Inftrument for the Conveyance of any Property or Intereft in any Land, Houfe or Goods, or for fecuring the Payment of Money, or any Will,

Tellament, Bond, Writing obligatory, Bill of Exchange, Promiffory Note for Payment of Money, or any Indorfement or Affignment of any Bill of Exchange, or Promiffory Note for the Payment of Money, or any Acceptance of any Bill of Exchange, or any Acquittance or Receipt either for Money or Goods, or any accountable Receipt of any Note, Bill or other Security for Payment of Money, or any Warrant or Order for Payment of Money or Delivery of Goods, with Intention to defraud any Perfon whatfoever, or any Corporation ; or fhall utter or publifh as true, or fell, offer or difpofe of, or put away, within the Limits aforefaid, any falfe, forged, counterfeited or altered Deed, written Inftrument for the Conveyance of Property or Intereft in any Land, Houfe or Goods, or for fecuring the Payment of Money, or any Will, Teflament, Bond,

Writing obligatory. Bill of Exchange, Promiffory Note for Payment of Money, Indorfement or Alignment of any Bill of Exchange or Promiffory Note for Payment of Money, Acceptance of any Bill of Exchange, Acquittance or Receipt, either for Money or Goods, accountable Receipt for any Note, Bill, or other Security for Payment of Money, Warrant or Order for Payment of Money, or Delivery of Goods, with Intention to defraud any Perfon, or any Corporation, knowing the fame to be falfe, forged, counterfeited or altered; it fhall and may be lawful for the Court before which any fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be convicted of any fuch Offence by due Courfe of Law, to order aud adjudge that fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be tranfported to fuch Place beyond Tranfpomtion. the Seas, and for fuch Term of Years, as the faid Court fhall direct.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfon or Perfons Counterfeiting * within the local Limits of the Criminal Jurifdi&ion of the faid currcnt ^oin* Courts, or if any Perfon or Perfons perfonally fubjed to the Jurif-di&ion of any of the faid Courts, at any Place in the Eajl Indies, or at any Place between the Cape of Good Hope and the Streigbts of

Magellan,



73*	C.	ij	53°	GEO.	III.	A.D.iSij.

Tranfportition.

Uttering counterfeit Coins.

Firft Offence.

Second Offence.

Third Offence.

Certificate of former Conviction in Courts, fufficient Proof of fuch Conviction.

Magellan, where the faid Company (hall have a Settlement, Fa&nry or other Eftabliihment, (hall counterfeit or procure to be counterfeited, or willingly ad or aflift in counterfeiting, any of the Gold or Silver Coins of any of the Britijb Governments in India, or any Gold or Silver Coin ufually Current and received as Money in Payments in any Part of the Britijb Poffeffions in the Eajl Indies, it (haB and may be lawful for the Court before which any fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be convided of any fuch Offence by due Courfe of Law, to order and adjudge, that fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be tranfported to fuch Place beyond the Seas, and for fuch Term of Years, as the faid Court (hall diredt.

CXVII. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons within the local Limits of the Criminal Jurifdi&ionof the faid Courts, or if any Perfon or Perfons perfonally fubjed to the Jurifdidioo of any of the faid Courts, at any Place in the Eqfi Indies, or at aay Place between the Cape of Good Hope and the Streigbts of Magellan, where the faid Company (hall have a Settlement, Fadory or other Eftabiifhment, (hall utter, or tender in Payment, or fell, or give ia Exchange, or pay or put off to any Perfon or Perfons, any fuch fa!ft or counterfeited Coin as aforefaip, knowing the fame to be fo faMe or counterfeited, and (hall be thereof convided, every Perfon fo offending (hall fuffer Six Months’ Imprifonment, and (hall at the Difcretion of the Court before which he or (he (hall be fo convidtd, be fentenced to Hard Labour during the Term of fuch Imprifoo-ment, and find Sureties for his or her Good Behaviour for Six Months more, to be computed from the End of the faid firft Six Months; and if the fame Perfon (hail afterwards be convided a Second time of the like Offence, of uttering or tendering in Payment, or giving is Exchange, or paying or putting off any fuch falfe or Counterfeit Coin as aforefaid, knowing the fame to be falfe or counterfeit, fuch Perfon (hall for fuch fecond Offence fuffer Two Years* Imprisonment, and alfo, at the Difcretion of the Court before which he or A* (hall be fo convided, be fentenced to Hard Labour during the Term of fuch Imprifonment, and find Sureties for his or her Good Behaviour for Two Years more, to be computed from the End of the laid fir (I Two Years ; and if the fame Perfon (hall afterwards offend a Third time, in uttering or tendering in Payment or giving in Exchange, or paying or potting off any luch falfe or Counterfeit Com as aforefaid, knowing the fame to be falfe or counterfeit, and (hall be convided of fuch Third Offence in any of the Courts aforefaid, he or (he (hall be fentenced to Tranfportation for Life to fuch Pbce beyond the Seas as the faid Court (hall dired.

CXVIII. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfon having been convided of any Offence or Offences by virtue of thb Ad, (hall again be profecuted in any Court, other than the Court or Courts wherein fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall have been before convided for a like Offence, whereby fuch Perfon or Perfons would be fubjed to an increased Punilhment, the Clerk of the Crown or other Officer to whom it may belong to keep the Records of the Court where any fuch Convidion (hall have taken place, (hall, at the Requeft of the Profecutor, or any other Perfon on His Majefty*! Behalf, certify the fame, by Writing under his Hand, in a few Words containing the Subftance and Effed of fuch Convidion ; for which Certificate One Rupee and no more Audi be paid ; and foch

Certificate

 CjOOQle

733

A.D.i8i3*	53*GE0.III.	0.155.

Certificate being produced in Court (hall be fufficient Proof of fuch former Conviction.

CXIX. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfon* Having in Poi-within the local Limits of the Criminal JurifdiCtion of the faid Courts, fefl:on more or if any Perfon or Perfons perfonally fubjeft to the Jurifdi&ion of F,vc **■?**• any of the faid Courts, at any Place in the Eafi Indies, or at any Place between the Cape of Good Hope and the Streights of Magellan, lawful Excufe. where the faid Company (hall have a Settlement, FaCtory or other Eftablifhment, (hall have in his, her or their Cuftody without lawful Excufe, the Proof whereof (hall lie on the Party accufed, any greater Number of Pieces than Five Pieces of fuch falfe or Counterfeit Coin as aforefaid, every fuch Perfon being thereof convi&ed upon the Oath of ’One or more credible Witnefs or WitnefTes, before One of His Majefly’s Juftices of the Peace, or if there (hould be no Juftice-of the reace duly qualified to aGt in the Place where fuch Offence ihall be committed, before One of the Judges of His Majefty’s Court there, (hall forfeit and lofe all fuch Falfe and Counterfeit Coin, Penalty, which (hall be cut in Pieces and deftroyed by order of fuch Juftice or Judge, and (hall for every Offence forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding in Value Forty Sicca Rupees or lefs than Twenty Sicca Rupees in the Currency of the Place in which fuch Offence (hall be committed, for every fuch Piece of falfe or Counterfeit Coin which (hall be found in the Cuftody of fuch Perfon ; One Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Prefidency, Settlement or Place, in which fuch Offence (hall be committed ; and in cafe any fuch Penalty (hall not be forthwith paid, it (hall be lawful for fuch Juftice or Judge to commit the Perfon or Perfons who (hall be adjudged to pay the fame, to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correttion, there to be kept to Hard Imprifonmeat. Labour for the Space of Three Calendar Months, or until fuch Penalty (hall be paid.

CXX. And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons Counterfeiting within the local Limits of the Criminal Jurifdi&ion of the faid Licences or C«r-Courts, or if any Perfon or Perfons perfonally fubjett to the Jurifdic-	°r

tion of any of tlie faid Courts, at any Place in the Eaf Indies, or at any Place between the Cape of Good Hope or the Streights of Magellan, where the faid Company (hall have a Settlement, Factory or other Eftablilhment, (hall counterfeit, erafe, alter or falfify any Licence, authorizing any Ship or Veflel to proceed to any Place in the Eafi Indies, or Parts aforefaid, or any Licence or Certificate authorizing any Perfon to go to or refide at any fuch Place, or any attefted Copy of any fuch Licence or Certificate, or (hall utter or publifh as true, any fuch counterfeited, erafcd, altered or falfified Licence, Certificate or attefted Copy, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, erafcd, altered or falfified, and (hall be convi&ed thereof, every Perfon fo Pmufliotne. offending (hall fuffer fuch Imprifonment not exceeding One Year, and (hall pay fuch Fine not exceeding in Value One thoufand Sicca Rupees in the Currency of the Place in which fuch Offence (hall be committed, as the Court before which he or (he (hall have been fo convi&ed, (hall direft.

CXXI. And be it further ena&ed, That the Governments of the Government t» faid Prefidencies and Settlements refpe&ivcly (hall and they are hereby cirry Sentences required, to take Order for the due Performance of all Sentences of Transportation pronounced by any of the faid Courts, under and by Son-"but Ns?**

virtue *



lives not tran-fpoited beyond a certain DiAance.



Subornation of

Perjury.

General Iffue.

Proof on Plaintiff.

Treble Cofts.

▼irtue of this Acts Provided always, that it (hall not be lawful for any fuch Court to order the Traimportation of any Perfon being a Native of India and not born of European Parents, to any Part beyond the Seas, fituated more than Thirty Degrees North, or Twenty five Degrees South of the Line.

CXXJI. And be it further enadled. That iFany Perfon or Perfons whomfoever fhall be convi&ed of making a falfe Oath, touching any of the Matters directed or required by this A& to be teftified 00 Oath, fuch Perfon or Perfons fo convi&ed as aforefaid (hall be deemed guilty of Penury, and fhall be liable to the Paint and Penalties to which Perfons guilty of Perjury are liable by any Law in force in that Part of the fair! United Kingdom called England; and if any Perfon fhall corruptly procure or fubom any other Perfoo or Perfons to fwear falfely in any fuch Oath, fuch Perfon, being duly convi&ed of fuch procuring and fuborning, (hall, for every fuch Offence, incur and fuffer fifcli Penalties, Forfeitures, Pains and Difabilities, as Perfons convi&ed of Perjury are refpe&ively liable unto, by any Law in force in the faid Part of the United Kingdom called England.

CXXIII. And be it further enabled, That if any Suit or A&kwi (hall be brought or commenced againft the faid United Company, or any of their Servants, or any Perfon or Perfons acting by their Authority, for the Recovery of any Cofts or Damages tor the unlawful taking, arrefting, feizing, imprifoning, fending or bringing into the United Kingdom, of any Perfon or Perfons found in the Eajl Indies or other Parts aforefaid, within the Limits of the faid Com. pany’s Charter, or as not being authorized to refide or traffick there, the Defendant or Defendants to fuch Suit or Action may plead the General lfTue, and give the fpecial Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and the Proof (hall lie on the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs upon the Trial of the Iflue, to (hew that, at the time or times of arrefting or feizing fuch Perfon or Perfons refpe&ively for the Caufea aforefaid, in the manner in which fuch arrefting or feizing (hall be laid or charged to have been done in or by the Declaration or Declaration in fuch Suits or Adtions, the Perfon or Perfons fo arrefted was or were in the Military or Marine Service of His Majefty, his Hein or Succc(Tor8, or was or were under Covenant to ferve the faid Company in India, or was or were duly poffefied of a Licence or Licences, Certificate or Certificates in Writing, authorizing him or them to go to or refide and traffick in the Eqft Indies or Parts aforefaid, or that the Perfon or Perfons, not being in His Majefty'i Service, was or were at the time or times of his or their being fo feized or arrefted, entitled or authorized, hy the Stipulation of fuch Covenants, Licences or Certificates refpedtively, to remain and continue in India or other the Parts aforefaid 5 and in Failure of fuch Proof, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited ; and in fuch cafe, or in any other cafes wherein the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs iha3 become nonfuited, or wherein Judgment (hall be given againft fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs upon Demurrer, or where a Verdi& (hall paft for the Defendant or Defendants, he or they (hall have Treble Cofts awarded to be paid by the refpedtive Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in fuch Suit or A&ion ; any Law, Statute or Provifiou to the contrary not-withflanding.

13	CXXIV.	And



CXXIV. And be it further enafted, That all Suits and Pro- Limitation of fecutions for any thing; done under or by virtue of this Ad, fhall Su,ts* be commenced within tne Space of Three Years after the Caufe of Complaint (hall have arifen; or being done in the United Kingdom, in the Abfence of any Perfon beyond Sea aggrieved thereby, then within the Space of Three Years next after the Return of fuch Perfon to the United Kingdom.

CXXV. And be it further enabled, That fo much and fuch Commencement Parts of this Ad, in refped whereof no particular time or times of Commencement is or are herein named or appointed, (hall have Commencement from and after the Tenth Day of April One thou-fand eight hundred and fourteen,

CAP. CLVI.

An AG to provide for the Payment of the Charge of the Annuities created in refpeft of the Sum of Six Millions granted for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen. [21ft July 1813.]

•	“\T7HEREAS the Commons of the United Kingdom in Par- C. 69. ante.

4 VV liament affembled, have refolved, that the Sum of Twenty

•	feven Millions be raifed in Great Britain by Annuities for the

•	Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen,

4 whereof the Charges of Six Millions are to be defrayed on the 4 Part of Ireland; and that the Contributors to the faid Sum fhouldi 4 for every One hundred Pounds contributed and paid, be entitled

•	to the Sum of One hundred and ten Pounds in Reduced Annuities,

4 after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, and alfo to the Sum 4 of Sixty Pounds in Confolidated Annuities, after the Rate of Three 4 Pounds per Centum ; and likewife to an Annuity of Eight Shillings

•	and Six pence per Centum, to continue for Forty fix Years and Nine 4 Months : And whereas it is expedient, that Provifion (hould be 4 made for the Payment out of the Exchequer of Ireland into the 4 Exchequer of Great Britain, of the Charges of the faid Annuities Be it therefore enafted by the King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of thc^Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Pamlment aflembled, and

by the Authority of the fame, That the Commillioners of His Money iflued Majefty’s Treafury in Ireland, or any Three or more of them for the from the Confo. time being, (hall from time to time, without any further Warrant to	of

be fued for, had or obtained in this Behalf, caufe to be ifTued at the	Annuities

Receipt of His Majelty’s Exchequer in Ireland out of the Con- jn rcfpe& of folidated Fund of Ireland, and paid into the Receipt of Hi&Majefty’s 6,ooo,ocoU Exchequer in England, fo much Monies as (hall be fufficient from granted fur Ser-time to time to anfwer to the faid Exchequer in England the feveral vice of Ireland, and refpeftive Annuities and other Payments direfted to be paid thereout by any Aft or Afts of this Semon of Parliament in refpeft of the faid Sum of Six Millions, and that fuch Payments (hall be made into tbc faid Exchequer in England, in manner following ; that is to fay, fuch of the faid Sums as (hall be paid for the faid Reduced Annuities, and for the faid Annuity of Eight Shillings and Six pence for the Term of Forty fix Years and Nioe Months, in refpeft of the faid Sum of, Six Millions Half-yearly by equal Portions, on or before the Fifth Day of 0Sober and the Firft Day

of

 V^OOQle

73«

of April in every Year, the Firft Payment thereon to be made 00 or before the Fifth Day of OSober One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, and fuch of the Paid Sums as (hall be paid for the faid Coa-folidated Annuities, in refpeft of the faid Sum for the Firft Yearoa or before the Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, and afterwards Half-yearly by equal Portions, on or before the Firft Day of July and the Firft Day of January in every Year.

CAP. CLVH.

An Aft for granting the Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds to John Palmer Efquire, in Confideration of the Public Services performed by the faid John Palmer in the Improvement of the Poft Office Revenue.	[21	ft	July 1013.]

4 Moft Gracious Sovereign,

* YY7HEREAS the Commons of the United Kingdom in Par-4 W liament affembled have refolved that a Sum not exceeding 4 Fifty thoufand Pounds be granted to John Palmer Efquire, out 4 of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain, in Confideration 4 of the Accommodation afforded to the Public, and the Benefit 4 derived to the Revenue from the Adoption of his Plan for the 4 Conveyance of the Mails, and in full Satisfaftion for the Services 4 performed by the faid John Palmer And do therefore moft humbly befeech Your Majefty that it may be ena&ed $ and be it enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this 50^001 granted prefent Parliament affembled and by the Authority of the fame. That to John Calmer the Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds (hall be iffued and paid, out of folwitted FundT"	Confolidated	Fund	of	Great	Britain, to the faid John Palmer

Efquire, without any Fee or other Deduftion whatfoever, in full Satisfa&ion and Difcharge for the Services performed by the fad John Palmer, in the Accommodation fo afforded to the Public, aud the Benefit derived to the Poft Office Revenue as aforefaid ; ad which faid Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds the faid John Palmer accepts in ful\ Satisfaction of fuch Services: Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall affe£t the Payment of a cenu Penfion or annual Allowance of Three thoufand Pounds heretofore made to the faid John Palmer out of the Revenues of the Pol Office, by virtue of an Order of the Lords Commiffioner* of His Majefty’s Treafury, bearing Date the Twenty eighth Day of Jaae One thoufand feven hundred and ninety three.

CAP. CLVIII.

An Aft for vetting in His Majefty certain Parts of WinJfet Forejly in the County of Berks; and for inclofing the Open Commonable Lands within the faid Foreft.

[2lft July 1813.]

4 YI7HEREAS the King's Moft Excellent Majefty it feifrd, 4 W to Himfelf, his Heirs and Succeffort, of windfor Fortjk it 4 the County of Berks, fubjed to fuch Manorial Rights, Common of 4 Pafturage and other Rights as the Lords of Manors, Freeholder* 14

 CjOOQle

737

A.D.i8i3-	53° GEO. III.	C. 158.

4 and Copyholders of Lands and Tenements, fituate and being in the 4 feveral Parifhcs within the faid Foreft, have on thofe Parts of the • Open and Wade Lands, within the faid refpe&ive Parilhes, where 4 fuch Lords of Manors, Freeholders or Copyholders are feifed of 4 any fuch Manors, Lands and Tenements: And whereas the Bounds 4 and Limits of the faid Foreft extend over and comprize the Whole 4 of the feveral Parifbes of Old Windfor, New Windfor, Winkjield,

4 Sunninghill,Binjicld,EaJlhampJlcad, Sandhurjl, Finchampjlcad. Bark-4 ham, Wokingham and Arborjield, and Parts of the Parifhes of Clewer,

4 Bray, Hurjl and Swallowfielii, in the faid County of Berks; and 4 there are within the faid Foreft feveral Open Woods and Wafte 4 Lands, containing in the whole Twenty four thoufand Acres or 4 thereabouts: And Whereas the King's Moft Excellent Majefty is Lords of 4 or claims to be feifed, to Himfelf, his Heirs and Succeftbrs, of the Manors and 4 Manors of Old Windfor and New Windfor, in the faid County of Claims of Ms. 4 Berks ; and in refpeA thereof, to be entitled to the Soil of all the nor,al R,Shts-4 Waftes within the faid Manors, and the Timber thereon : And 4 Whereas Henry Powncy IJherwood^i\w\xe is or claims to be feifed 4 and is in Pofleflion of the Manor or Lordfhip of Old and New 4 Windfor, in the faid County of Berks, commonly called or known 4 by the Name or Style of 44 The Manor of the Redlory of Old 4 Windfor, in the County of Berks,” and in refpeA thereof claims 4 to be entitled to the Soil of all the Waftes within the faid Manor,

4 and the Timber thereon : And Whereas a Suit is now depending 4 in His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer, between His Majefty's At-4 torney General on Behalf of His Majefty, and the faid Henry Powney 4 IJherwood, touching the Right and Title to the faid Manors of Old 4 and New Windfor: And Whereas the Mayor, Bailiffs and Burgeffes 4 of the Borough of New Windfor, in the County of Berks afore-4 faid, claim fome Right and Intereft in or to the Wafte Lands within 4 the faid Parifh of New Windfor, intended as hereinafter mentioned 4 to be inclofed under the Powers of this A£, by virtue of certain 4 Charters or Grants from fome of His Majefty's Royal Predeceffors s .

4 And Whereas the King's Moft Excellent Majefty is alfo feifed, to 4 Himfelf, his Heirs and Succeffors, of the Scite of the Manor or Farm 4 of Shaw, in the Pari£h of New Windfor aforefaid, and in refpcA 4 thereof is entitled to the Soil of all the Wafte Lands within the Scite 4 of the faid Manor, and to the Timber thereon, fubjeA to a Grant 4 or Demife of the faid Scite, with divers Lands thereto belonging 4 or appertaining, to the Queen's Moft Gracious Majefty, and Their 4 Five younger Daughters: And Whereas Thomas Smith Barwell 4 Efquire claims the Manor or reputed Manor of Coworth, in the Parifh of Old Windfor, in the faid County of Berks ; and in refpeA 4 thereof claims to be entitled to the Soil of all the Wafte Lands in 4 the faid Manor : And Whereas the King's Moft Excellent Majefty 4 is feifed, to Himfelf, his Heirs and Succeffors, of the Manor of 4 Cookham in the faid County of Berks, and in refpeA thereof 4 claims to be entitled to the Soil of all the Wafte Lanas within the 4 faid Manor, and to the Timber thercou ; fubjett to a Leafe of the 4 faid Manor of Cookham granted to the late Right Honourable 4 James Earl of Cardigan deceafed, in Truft for His Majefty, and 4 now vefted in the legal Rcprefentatives of the faid Earl of Cardigan :

4 And Whereas Charles Browning Efquire claims to be feifed of 4 the Manor or Lordfhip of Diapers, otherwife Deepers, otherwife 53 Geo. III.	3 B	*	Binjicld,





73«



C. 158.	53° GEO. III.	A.D.i8i3.

f Binjield\ within the Parifh of Binjield aforefaid, and in refpe&

* thereof claims to be entitled to the Soil of all the Waftes within 4 the faid Manor : And Whereas a Suit is now depending in His

*	Majefty’s Court of Exchequer, between His Majefty’s Attorney 4 General on Behalf of His Majefty, and the faid Charles Browning,

€ touching the Right of the faid Charles Browning in and to the faid

Manor : And Whereas George Simpfon Efquire is feifed to himfelf

*	and his Heirs, and is in Pofleffion of the Manor of Sunning hill, in 4 the faid County of Berks, and in refpeft thereof claims to be entitled 4 to the Soil of all the Wafte Lands within the faid Manor: And 4 whereas the Matter, Fellows and Scholars of Saint John9s College 4 in the Univerfity of Cambridge are feifed to themfelves and their 4 Succefiors, and are in Pofleffion of the Manor of Chavuridge,

4 and alfo of the Manor of Broom hall, and in refpe£l thereof 4 claim to be entitled to the Soil of all the Wafte Lanas within the 4 faid Manors refpeflively: And Whereas the King’s Mott Excellent 4 Majefty is alfo feifed to Himfelf, his Heirs and Succeflors, of the 4 Manor of Bray, in the faid County of Berks, and in refpeA thereof 4 is alfo entitled to the Soil of all the Wafte Lands within the faid 4 Manor, and to the Timber thereon, fubjeft to a Leafe of the faid 4 Manor granted to the faid late Earl of Cardigan, in Truft for His 4 Majefty, and now vetted in the legal Reprefentat' ves of the faid Earl 4 of Cardigan: And Whereas Part of the faid Wafte Lands in the faid 4 laft mentioned Manor are fituate and lying wi bin the Limits and 4 Boundaries of the faid Foreft of Windfor, and it is propofed that a 4 certain Part thereof, as hereinafter deferibed, fhall be veiled in His 4 Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflors, as a Compenfation for the 4 Right of His Majefty in and to the Soil of all the Wafte Lands 4 within the faid Manor of Bray, and as an Equivalent for all Foreftal 4 Rights over all fuch other Parts of the faid Manor as lie within the 4 Limits and Boundaries of the faid Foreft: And Whereas the King’s 4 Moft Excellent Majefty is feifed, to Himfelf and his Heirs, in his 4 *>wn private Right, of the Manor of Winkjield, in the faid County 4 of Berks, and in refpeft thereof claims to be entitled to the Soil 4 of all the Wafte Lands within the faid Manor, and His Majefty is 4 entitled to the Timber and other Trees (landing on certain Parts of 4 the Wafte Lands within the faid Manor: And Whereas Daniel 4 Agace Efquire claims fonie Right and Intereft in the Soil of the 4 Wafte Lands within the faid Parifhes of Sunninghill and Winkjield\ 4 or one of them, in Right of his Manor or reputed Manor of Afcvt, 4 otherwife EJlcott, alleged to be within the faid Pariffies of Sunning-4 hill and Winkjield: And Whereas Arthur Vanjitlart Efquire is feifed 4 to himfelf and his Heirs of the Manor of Clewer, in the faid County € of Berks, and in refpefl thereof is entitled to the Soil of all the 4 Wafte Land8 within the faid Manor; and His Majefty is entitled to 4 all the Timber and other Trees Handing on all and every the Wafte 4 Lands within the faid Manor; and Part of the Wafte Lands of 4 the faid Manor containing Three hundred and thirty two Acres 4 Three Roods and Thirty feven Perches, including Lanes and 4 Roads, lie within the faid Foreft of Windfor, on great Part whereof 4 there is Timber now (landing, the Property of His Majefty : And 4 Whereas the Honourable Laura Keppel is Lady of the Manor of 4 Clewer, B roc as and Dedworth Man [cl, fituate in the Parifhes of 4 New Windfor and Clewer, and the Hamlet of Dedworth, in the

4 County

 CjOOQle

739

A.D.1813*

53* GEO. III.

C.158.

County of Berks, and as fuch claims to be entitled to the Wafte Land and the Timber growing thereon, within and belonging to the faid Manor: And Whereas the moll Honourable Arthur Marquis of Downjhire is feifed to himfelf and his Heirs of the Manor and Park of Eajhampflead, in the faid County of Berks, and in refpe& thereof is entitled to the Soil of the Wafte Lands in the faid Manor:

And Whereas Richard Heaviftde Efquire is feifed to himfelf and his Heirs of the Manor of Sandhurjl, in the faid County of Berks, and in refpeft thereof is entitled to the Soil of all the Wafte Lands in the faid Manor: And Whereas Charles Fyfhe Palmer Efquire is feifed to himfelf and his Heirs of the Manor or Finchamp-Jlead Eajl Court, in the Parilh of Finchampflead, in the faid County of Berks, and in refpeft thereof is entitled to the Soil of all the Wafte Lands in the faid Manor: And Whereas the Reverend Henry Ellis Saint John Clerk claims theManor of FinchampJleadlVeJl Court, in the faid Parilh of Finchampjlead\ and in refpe& thereof to be entitled to the Soil of all the Wafte Lands in the faid Manor:

And Whereas John Levefon Gower Efquire is feifed to himfelf and his Heirs of the Manor of Bark ham, in the faid County of Berks, and in refpeft thereof is entitled to the Soil of all the Wafte Lands in the faid Manor: And whereas Robert Palmer Efquire, an Infant, or his Truftees, is or are feifed of the Manor of Sonning and the Hundred of Sonning, in the faid County of Berks, and in refpe6l thereof is or are entitled to the Soil of all the Wafte Lands in the faid Manor of Sonning : And Whereas George Henry Crutchley Efquire, and William Charles Lamplow Efquire, claim the Manors of Beaches and Mayes, and Norreyfes otherwife Norrys, in the Parilh of Wokingham in the faid County of Berks, and in refpedl thereof to be entitled to the Soil of the Wafte Lands in the faid Manors : And Whereas Charles Cove is feifed of the Manor of Buckhurjl, in the faid County of Berks, and in refpetl thereof claims to be entitled to the Soil of all the Wafte Lands in the faid Manor: And Whereas John Roberts Efquire is feifed to him and his Heirs of the Manor or reputed Manor ot Evendons otherwife Even-dens, in the Parilh of Wokingham, in the faid County of Berks, and in refpe& thereof is entitled to the Soil of the Wafte Lands in the faid Manor: And Whereas Timothy Hare Earle Efquire is feifed to him and his Heirs of the Manor or reputed Manor of Swallowjield in the faid County of Berks, and in refpeft thereof is entitled to the Soil of the Wafte Lands in the faid Manor: And Whereas the King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, in Right of His Crown, and alfo in His feparate Capacity and private Right, is, and feveral other Perfons are, feifed of divers inclofed Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, within all or fome of the Manors, Parilhes and Liberties aforefaid, and in Right thereof (fubje& as to the greater Part thereof to the Foreftal Right of His Majefty) are entitled to Rights of Common in and over the open Parts of the faid Foreft of Windfor : And whereas it has been propofed, on the Part of His Propofed Divi-Majcfty, that a Divilion and Inclofure of the Open and Wafte Lands within the faid Foreft lhall be made on the following Terms Land* ii and Conditions ; that is to fay, That in each and every of fuch the Foreft. Parilhes, the Whole whereof lie within the Boundaries and Limits of the faid Foreft, and fuch Parilhes, Part whereof only lie within the faid Boundaries and Limits, there lhall be fet out and allotted,

3 B 2

4 i*

74®

Allotment* amounting to Nine Thirty fee owl Parts *»f the Wafte to b* made to His Majefty in all the Patilhes in tilt Forelt.

Specific Parts of Waite* allotted t* His Majelly.

C. 158.	53 GEO. III.	AJD.1813.

4 in the manner hereinafter mentioned, unto and for His Majefty, his

*	Heirs and SuccefTors, in full Satisfadion for all His Rights of Forelt,

*	fo much of the Open and Wade Lands within each of the faid Pa-

*	rilhes or Parts of Parilhes and Liberties fo lying within the faid

*	Boundaries and Limits, as lhall amount and be equal to Nine

*	Thirty fecond Parts of the whole of the Open and Walle Lands ia 4 each of the faid Parilhes or Parts of Parilhes and Liberties refpee-

*	tively, Quantity and Quality conlidered; and that certain Parts of 4 the faid Open and Wafte Lands hereinafter particularly defcribtd,

*	lhall form Part of the faid Allotment, and that after fuch Nine Thirty 4 fccond Parts lhall be fo fet out and allotted for His Majefty as afore-4 faid, all the Remainderof the Open and Wafte Lands within the laid 4 Foreli lhall remain to and for the Ufe and Benefit of all the Lords

*	of Manors and Owners of the Soil of the Wafte Lauds, and the Prc-« prietors of inclofid Lands and Tenements within the faid Fcreft, 4 having Rights of Common thereon, and unto or for the Ufe or 4 Benefit of the Poor of the refpe&ive Parilhes and Liberties with'* 4 the faid Foreft:* Yet forafmucn as fuch Propofal cannot be carried into Effedl without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be ena&ed ; and be it enadted by the King’s Molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it lhall be lawful for the Commiffioners hereinafter to be named on the Part of His Majefty and the Owners and Proprietors of Eftates in the faid Pari flies refpe&ively, and they are hereby required, to fet out and allot unto and for His Majefty, his Heirs and Succcflbrs, in each and every of the Parilhes within the uid Forelt, fo much of the Open and Walle Land within each and every of fuch Parilhes and Liberties, Quantity, Quality and Situation confidercd, as (hall be equal to Nine Thirty fecond Parts of the whole of the Wafte Lands in each and every of fuch Parilhes and Liberties refpe&ively, which fiiall lie and be within the Boundaries and Limits of the laid Foreft of IVindfor, in Satisfaction of His Majefty*s Forcftal Rights in and over fuch Parilhes refpeCtivdy.

II. And be it further enabled. That fuch Parts of the faid Com-mons and Wafte Lands as are hereinafter particularly mentioned and deferibed, lhall form and be confidered as Part of the faid Allotment, and lhall be accordingly let out and allotted by the faid CommiHioners to and for the exclufive Ufe of His Majefty, his Heirs and Sue-celTors, either in full or in part (as the cafe may be) of the faid Nine Thirty fecond Parts of the faid Commons and Waftes, or of fuch other Parts of the faid Commons and Waftes as His Majefty may be entitled to under or by virtue of any of the Provifions herein contained ; that is to fay, in the Parilh of Clewer afore faid, fo much of the faid Common and Wafte Lands as lies on the North Side of Cranbourn Part, extending on the Weft, South and North, as far as the Limits of the faid Parilh, and on the Eaft as far into the faid Parilh of Clewer, as may be neceflary to give the aforefaid Proportion of Nine Thirty fecond Parts, or fuch other Parts as aforefaid ; and in the Parilh of Bray aforefaid, fo much of the laid Common and Wafte Lands as is called or known by the Name of Bray wood or New Lodge Wood, and whereon Timber is now growing, or by whatfoever other Name or Names fuch Part of the faid Walls

 C^ooQle

741

A.D.1813.'	53'GEO. III.	C. 158.

fo covered with Wood as afcrefaid may be called or known, bounded on the South* and Eaft Sides by the faid Parilh of Clewer, and on the North by the Enclofures in the faid Parilh of Bray, and on the Wed by other Parts of the Common and Wade of the faid Parifh of Bray, commonly called Sparborough Hill; and in the Parifh of Winhjield afoi cfaid, fo much of the faid Commons and Wade Lands as is called or known by the Name of Winhjield Plain, bounded on the Wed Side by the Road from New Lodge to Hatchet Lane ; and alfo fo much of the Open Wood and Wade Lands called Cranbourn Chace and Wood, as contain Eight hundred and fix Acres, be the fame more or lefs, and extending to the Northern Extremity of the Parifh of Sunninghill on the Wed, near an Inclofure called Gofdens, and alfo extending to the Stream which divides the faid Parifhcs of Winhjield and Sunninghill; and in the Parifh of Old Windfor, Two Pieces or Parcels of Land lying near IVinkjield Plain, and being Part of Cranlcurn IVood or Chace, containing together Eighty Acres One Rood and Sixteen Perches, one of which Pieces being Part of Winhjield Plain, contains by Admeafuremeiit Thirty Acres and Six Perches, and the other Piece being Part of Cranhcurn Wood, contains by Admeafurement Fifty Acres One Rood and Ten Perches; and in the faid Parifh of Sunninghill, all that Piece or Parcel of Open Commou or Wade Ground appropriated for, and ufed a long time pad as a Race Ground, being Part of the Heath called Afoot Heath, with proper Avenues thereto, and an Area or Spa^e of Ground on the Boundaries and round the Race Courfes there, as the fame arc now fet out with Stakes, and containing by Admeafurement Two hundred and fix Acres Three Roods and Three Perches, and all Erc&ions and Buildings, Pods, Rails and Fences of every Defcrip-tion thereon, which Piece of Ground fhall be kept and continued as a Race Courfe for the public Ufe at all times, as it has ufually been ; and in the faid Parilh of New Windfor, all thofe feveral Pieces or Parcels of Open Wood or Wade Land, containing in the whole Two hundred and feventy eight Acres Three Roods and Thirty Perches ; that is to fay, a Piece of Common or Wade Land called Hog Common, containing by Admeafurement Nineteen Acres and Three Roods ; and one other Piece of Common or Wade Land, being Part of Winhfeld Plain, containing by Admeafurement Eighty eight Acres and Two Roods ; one other Piece of Wade Land lying near Winhjield Plain aforefaid, partly covered with Wood, containing by Admeafurement One hundred and two Acres One Rood and Thirty four Perches; and one other Piece of Wafte Land thereto adjoining, partly covered with Wood, lying South of Cranbourn Lodge, containing by Admeafurement Sixty one Acres Two Roods and Twenty Perches ; and one other Piece of Wade Land called Glaciers Common, containing Four Acres and Ten Perches ; and the Lane palling Eaft and Weft through Shaw Farm, containing Two Acres Two Roods and Eight Perches } and all the Timber and other Trees, Coverts and Bulbed, Handing, growing or being thereon, or on any Part or Parts thereof.

III. And be it further enacted. That the faid Commiflioners (hall Allotments to and they are hereby authorized and required to fet out, allot and His Majdty -i award unto His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflors, fuch Part or Parts v?rd cemn* of the Wafte Grounds, within fuch of the faid Parilhes and Liberties ano^,’ in which His Majefty is interfiled as Lord of a Manor or Manors,

3 B 3	in





74*

Remainder of

Wafte Lands in Foreft for Be-nefit of Lords of Manors and Perlbns having Common Rights *c.

General Saving*

Allotment to His Mijefty freed and dif-charged from Common Rights. Icc.

Boundaries to be afcertnined, itc by Commif-firmer*.

C.158.	53°GEO.in.	aB.iSi3<

in Right of His Crown or in His individual Capacity, as in the Judgment of the faid Commiflioners (hall be equal in Value to Two Thirty fecond Parts of the Wafte Grounds within fuch Manor or Manors refpe&ively, as a full Compenfation and Satisfaction for the Manorial Rights and Interefts of His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, in and to the Soil of the Wafte Lands in the faid feveral Manors re-fpe&ively ; and alfo fo much of the faid Wafte Grounds as may he a full and fair Allotment in refpeCt of the Proprietary Rights, to which His Majefty in Right of His Crown, or otherwife, is or may be entitled in any of the faid Parifhes and Liberties refpectively.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That all the Remainder of the Wafte Lands within the faid Foreft of Windfor> not fo allotted to His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors as aforefaid, (hall remain for the Benefit of the feveral other Lords of Manors, Owners of Soil, and other Perfons having Rights of Common within the faid Foreft, and unto and for the Ule and Benefit of the Poor of the refpe&ive Pa-rifhes and Liberties within the faid Foreft, to be divided, allotted and inclofed, in the manner hereinafter mentioned, according to tbeir feveral and refpe&ive Rights and Interefts therein, freed and dif-charged of and from all Rights, Cuftoms and Laws of the faid Foreft, of and belonging to the King’s Majefty, his Heirs and Suc-ceffors 5 Saving neverthelefs to His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, and all and every Perfon and Perfons who (hall be entitled to the fame, all Timber and other Trees (landing and being in or upon fuch Remainder of tile Wafte Lands within the faid Foreft, with full Power to enter on the faid Lands, and cut down and carry away the fame, or otherwife to difpofe thereof, in the manner hereinafter mentioned.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That all fuch Allotments fo to be made to His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors as aforefaid, (hall be freed and difeharged of and from all Right of Common of what

, Nature or Kind foever, and be held and enjoyed by His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, in Severalty ; and /nail be deemed and taken to be a full Compenfation and Satisfa&ion for all Foreftal Rights, Claims and Demands whatfoever of His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, in, over and upon any of the Open or Inclofed Grounds, within the faid Foreft.

VI.	And whereas Difputes or Doubts may arife concerning the Boundaries of Parifhes, Manors, Hamlets, Liberties, and Diftri&s or Places, to be divided, allotted and inclofed by virtue of this Ad, and of Parifhes, Manors, Hamlets, Liberties, Diftrids or Places adjoining thereto ; Be it therefore enacted, That the Commiffioner hereby appointed on Behalf of His Majefty, and the Commiffioner hereby appointed on Behalf of all the Proprietors, and their refpedbve SuccefTors, (hall and they are hereby authorized, whenever any fuch Doubts fhall arife or exift, by Perambulation, Examination of Wit-nefles upon Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation any One of fuch Commiflioners is hereby empowered to adminifter), or by fuch other legal ways and means as he or they fhall think proper, to enquire into the Boundaries of fuch feveral Parifhes, Manors, Liberties, Hamlets, Diftri&s or Places ; and in cafe it fhall appear to fuch Commiflioners, that the Boundaries of the fame refpc&ively are not then fufliciently afeertained and diftinguifhed, fuch Commiffioners fhall and they are hereby authorized and required to afeertain, fet



743

A.D.i8i3*	53°GEO.IIL	C.158.

.out, determine and fix the fame refpe&ively; and after the faid Boundaries (hall be fo afcertained, fet out, determined and fixed, the fame {hall and are hereby declared to be the Boundaries of fuch Parifhes, Manors, Hamlets, Liberties, Diftri&s or Places : Provided Provlf* always, that fuch Commiflioners (before they proceed to afcertain and fct out the Boundaries of fuch Parifhes, Manors, Hamlets, Liberties,

Diftri&s or Places) (hall and they are hereby required to give Ten Days’ public Notice, by inferring the fame in One of the County Papers, and affixing a like Notice on the Church Doors of the feverai Parifhes interefted, of their Intention to perambulate, and of the Time and Place from whence they (hall begin fo to do ; and alfo by Writing, to be delivered to or left at the laft or ufual Places of Abode of the refpe&ive Lords or Stewards of the Lords of the Manors in which the Lands and Grounds to be inclofed fnall be fituatc, and of fuch adjoining Manor or Manors, Ten Days at lead before the time of Perambulating and fetting out fuch Boundaries, of his or their Intention to perambulate, afcertain, fet out, determine and fix the fame refpe&ively; and fuch Commiflioners (hall within One Month after their afeertaining and fetting out the fame, caufe a Defcription thereof in Writing to be delivered to, or left at the Places of /Ibode of One of the Churchwardens or Overfeers of the Poor of the refpec-tive Parifhes, and alfo of fuch refpe&ive Lords or Stewards.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons, Boundaries Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, (hall confider him-

felf, herfelf or themfelves prejudiced or aggrieved by the Determination of the faid Commiflioners, refpe&ing the Limits or Boundaries of any Parifh, Manor, Townfliip, Hamlet, Diftrift or Place upon the faid Open Commonable Parts of the faid Foreft, or of any Parifli, Manor, Townfhip, Hamlet, Diftrift or Place adjoining thereto, as the fame (hall be fct out and afcertained by the Taid Commiflioners, and (hall, by Writing under their, his or her Hands or Hand, give Notice to the faid Commiflioners within One Calendar Month next after fuch Determination, of his, her or their Defire to have the fame determined by an I flue at Law, then, and in fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, fo diflatisfied with fuch Determination, to have the fame afcertained by Trial of an Iflue at Law, in like manner at any difputed Right or Claim is hereby authorized or dire&ed to be tried.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That upon and immediately after Upon Allot-

fuch Divifion and Allotments to His Majefty under this A& (hall being have been made, it (hall be lawful for His Majefty, his Heirs and	Im*

Succeflors, immediately to inclofe and continue inclofed the whole of indofed/ the faid feverai Allotments of the faid Waite Lands fo to be vefted

in His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflors, difeharged and exonerated of and from all Common Rights as hereinbefore mentioned, at fuch time or times, and in fuch Manner and Form as the faid Commiflioners, in and by their Award to be made as hereinafter mentioned, (hall order, dire& and appoint.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful ^^fnUT?(ur" for the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land of His Revenues for the time being, by and with the Confent and Appro- with Content of bation of the Lords Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for Tiwfury. the time being, as well before as after the making the Award of

3 B 4	the

 v^.ooQle

744

the (aid Commiflioners, to contraft and agree with, and to purchafe

for the Ufe of His Majefty, his Heir* and Succeffors, from any Perfon or Perfons who {hall be entitled to any Allotment of Land under this A&, and be willing to fell the fame at a Price or Prices to be agreed on, all or any Part of their refpetlive Allotments to be made to them under this Ad.

Power of Entry X. And it further loaded, That it fhall be lawful to and for to cut Timber. jjj8 Maje{^y$ his Heirs and Succeffors, and all and every other Perfon and Perfons entitled to any Timber or other Trees (landing and being on any of the Wafte Lands hereby intended to be inclofed. within the Space of Two Years from the palling of this Ad, with Workmen, Labourers, Servants and Agents, Horfes, Carts and Carriages, to have and take free Ingrefs and Egrefsinto and upon the feveral Wafte Lands fo to become the Properly of the feveral Proprietors of Lands and Tenements, having Rights of Common within the faid feveral Pa-riflies as aforefaid, to fell, cut down, grub up, remove, fell aRd difpofe of all or any of the faid Timber Trees and other Trees.

* XI. And whereas divers Pieces or Parcels of Open and Wafte 4 Land within the faid Foreft have been at divers times inclofed 4 by His Majefty to and for His own Ufe, and Compenfation has 4 been made by His Majefty to the Perfons entitled to Right of 4 Common thereon for fuch tbeir Right of Common ; and His Majefty 4 has made fome fmall Purchafes and Exchanges of Open Wafte 4 and Wood Land from the Perfons in Pofleflion thereof, and alfo 4 of Old inclofed Lands, and which have been laid into and now 4 form Part of the Park called Wtndfor Great Park, or other Dcmefne 4 Lands of His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors $ and His Majefty 4 has alfo from time to time given Leave and Licence, by His 4 own Sign Manual, or other Inftrument under His Hand, or by 4 Leave of the Lord Chief Juftice in Eyre, or the Lord Warden of 4 the faid Foreft for the time being, to divers Perfons to inclofe 4 feveral Pieces or Parcels of Land, Parts of the Open Wafte 4 Laud within the faid Foreft; and fuch Perfons have alfo made 4 Compenfation to the Perfons having Right of Common thereon 4 for fuch their Right of Common and divers other Perfons have 4 from time to time made fome Inclofures of fmall Pieces of Land, 4 Parts of the Open Wafte Land within the faid Foreft ; but fuch 4 Perfons have made fome Compenfation to the Perfons entitled to 4 Right of Common thereon for fuch their Right of Common ; 4 and which laft mentioned Pieces or Parcels or Land are indivi-4 dually and feparately of fmall and inconfiderable Value ; and in 4 apportioning the feveral Parts of the faid Foreft fo to be allotted 4 to His Majefty as aforefaid, and of the feveral Parts thereof fo 4 to be appropriated to the Proprietors of Land having Rights 4 of Common within the faid Foreft, it is deemed reafonable, that 4 His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, and the feveral other Per-4 fons and their Heirs, now in Pofleflion of the faid feveral Pieces 4 or Parcels of Land fo acquired, and for which fome fuch Com-4 penfation was made as aforefaid, (hould be quieted in the Pofleflion Certain Pieces 4 thereof Be it therefore further enabled, That all and every fuch of Land now in- Pieces and Parcels of Land fo inclofed by His Majefty, or purchafcd clofed. veiled in or exchanged by Him as aforefaid, and all and every Pieces and His Majefty. parcels of Land fo inclofed as aforefaid, by or under any Autho-t>rior°to ift Sept. nty His Majefty, or the Lord Chief Juftice in Eyre, or Lord

Warden





A. D.i^i3.	53° GEO. III.	C.	158.

Warden of the faid Foreft, or other Perfon authorized or fuppofed or prefumed to be authorized as aforefaid, previous to the Firfl Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, lhall, from and after the palling of this Aft, be for ever thereafter held and enjoyed by His Majefty, his Heirs and Succefibrs, and the feveral Perfon or Perfons nowin Pofleflion, or in the Receipt of the Rents and Profits as Owners thereof refpedively, and their refpe&ive Heirs and Afligns, freed and abfolutely difcharged of and from all Rights of Common, or other Rights whatfoever, of any Perfon or Perfons whom-foever, in, over and upon the fame, and of and from all Claims of Foreft, or other Rights or Claims whatfoever, of His Majefty, his Heirs and Succcflors, or any other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever: Provided always, that where any fuch lnclofure or Inclofures, Encroachment or Encroachments (hall, within Ten Years previous to the pafli g of this Ad, have been made without fuch Authority as aforefaid, the refpedive Commiflioners hereinafter appointed for the refpective Parilhes and Liberties hereinafter mentioned, are hereby empowered and required to allot and award the fame lnclofure or Inclofures, Encroachment or Encroachments, to fuch Perfon or Perfons whofe Allotment or Allotments may furround or adjoin the fame, as Part of his, her or their Allotment or Allotments ; and the faid Commiflioners refpe&ively are hereby authorized and empowered, if they (hall refpe&ively think fit, to order a moderate and reafonable Compenfation out of the Monies to be raifed by the faid Commif-fioners hereinafter appointed for the refpedtive Parilhes and Liberties by virtue of this Ad, to be paid to the Perfon or Perfons in Pofleflion of any fuch Encroachment or lnclofure, as a Compenfation for the Colls and Expences which he or they may have laid out and expended in fencing, planting or otherwifc, in the Improvement thereof; and from and immediately after the executing the Award of the faid laft mentioned refpedive Commiflioners, fuch Encroachment or Encroachments lhall thenceforth be veiled in fuch Perfon or Perfons refpedively to whom the fame lhall have been fo allotted and awarded by the faid Commiflioners refpedively.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing herein contained, lhall be conftrued to veil, or intended to veil in His Majefty, his Heirs and Succcflors, any Lands purchafed by His Majefty or any other Perfon or Perfons in Trull for Him, with His own ptoper Monies, or acquired by Exchange for other Lands of His Majefty, purchafed with His own proper Money, and which have not yet been added to or made Part of IVindfor Great Park, or other the Demefne Lands of The Crown ; but that all fuch Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments fo purchafed or acquired by His Majefty, or any other Perfon or Perfons in Trull for Him as aforefaid, (hall remain, continue and be His Majcfty’s Private Property to all Intents and Pnrpofes whatfoever, and lhall not defeend or be defcendible to His Majefty’s Succefibrs in Right of The Crown, unlefs by fome proper Deed or Inftrument duly executed by His Majefty for that Purpofe.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That nothing herein contained lhall be deemed, conftrued, or taken to bar, defeat or prejudice His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccelTors, from purfuing and profecuting any Suit inllitutcd and now depending on Behalf of His Majefty, touching any Rights, Claims or Demands of His Majefty,

*	his

74 S

181 i, confirmed, See.

Commiflioners in certain cafes may award Encroachments to adjoining Proprietors, and order reafonable Com-penfuion to Perfons in PolTeiEon.

Lands purchafed by His Majefty out of his own Monies, to continue his Private Property.

His Majefty not barred from profecuting certain Suits touching His CLims, Itc.



Date of Encroachments determined by Commiflioners.

Public Carriage Roads fet out, and certain Lanes flopped up.

Commif&oners of Woods, 8cc. empowered to purchale Cottages, &c. on Wafle Lands allotted to His Majefty.

his Heirs and Succeffors, to any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Royalties, Franchites, Rights, Liberties or Privileges whatfoever within the faid Foreft.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed and declared. That if any Difpute • (hall arife as to the Space of time during which any fuch Indofures or Encroachments (hall have been made or fubfifted, the fame (hall be examined into and determined by the laid lad mentioned Com-mifiioners.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Commifiioner hereinafter appointed on the Behalf of His Majefty for the Purpofes of this Ad, and the Commifiioner to be appointed for and on the Behalf of the feveral Proprietors of Land in the faid feveral Parifhes refpe&ively, as hereinafter mentioned, (hall in their refpe&ive Parifhes appoint, afcertaiu and fet out all fuch Public Carriage Roads and Highways, over the Lands and Grounds fo to be allotted and fet out to His Majefty ; and that all fuch Public Roads and Highways which (hall he fo ordered by the faid Commifiioners as aforefaid, with all nece(-fary Drains, Watercourfes, Arches, Bridges and Fences thereto, (hall he made, and for ever hereafter repaired and maintained at the proper Cofts and Charges of His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors: Provided always, that the feveral Lanes called Kimber9* Lane, Slough Bridge Lane, and Gad9/ Laney and all Ways and Paffages by and through the faid Lanes or any of them, into the faid Allotments fo to be made to His Majefty in the faid Parifh of Bray, (hall be flopped up and no longer ufed as Ways or Paffages into the fame; and that no other Carriage Road, Bridle Road, Drift Road or Public Highways, for any Purpofe whatever, (hall be made, ufed or fet out, acrofs, over or upon the faid laft mentioned Allotment or any Part or Parts thereof, except an ancient Carriage Road or Highway now ufed as fuch, from the Parifh of Wtnkjield, leading into a Lane called Fifield Lane, and from thence to the Town of Maidenhead ; and alfb another Carriage Road or Highway from the South End of the faid Lane called Fifield Lancy to the Parifh of White Waltham, which Two feveral Roads or Highways are to be continued and ufed for all public Purpofes whatever.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed. That, for removing all Cottages within the feveral Allotments fo to be made to His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful for the (aid Commifiioners of his Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or the faid Surveyor General of Woods and Forefts for the time being, by and with the Confent of the Lords Commifiionen of His Majefty’s Treafury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to purchafe any Cottages, with the Gardens and Lands thereto belonging, which are (landing and being on the Wafle Lands hereby vefted in His Majefty as aforefaid, and that a fatiafa&ory Exchange or a reafonable Compenfation in Money (hall be made by His Majefty. his Heirs or Succeffors, for the fame, to the feveral Proprietors thereof and the Perfons refpe&ively intert fted therein ; the Amount of fuch Compenfation to be afeertained and fettled by the Commifiioner hereinafter named on the Part of His Majefty, and fome Perfon or Perfons to be appointed on the Behalf of fuch Proprietors and Perfons interefted in fuch Cottages and Gardens and Laad thereto refpe&ively belonging as aforefaid; and in cafe the (aid

CotB-



747

A.D.i8i3-	53-GEO.HI.	C. 158.

Commiflioner, and fuch other Perfon or Perfons fo to be named on When Owners

Behalf of the faid Proprietors and Perfon* interefted, (hall not agree of Cotuges, &c.

as to the Quantum or Compenfation to be paid by His Majefty, his j^le t°ratr.eat

Heirs and Succeffors, for fuch Cottages, Gardens, and Land as afore- anTs«?J^on

faid, or the faid Perfon or Perfons fo interefted in fuch Cottages, Gar- fettled by Jury.

dens or Land (hall, for the Space of Twenty one Days after Notice

to him, her or them given or left in Writing at the Dwelling Houfe

or Houfes, or Place or Places of Abode of fuch Perfon or Perfons,

negledl or refufe to nominate any proper Perfon or Perfons, to

afcertain and fettle fuch Compenfation in manner aforefaid, or to

treat, or (hall not agree in the Prcmifes, or by reafon of Abfence

/hall be prevented from treating for any fuch Sale or Sales, or accept

fuch Compenfation as aforefaid, then and in every or any fuch cale,

the faid Commiflioner hereinafter named on the Part of His Majefty,

(hall caufe it to be enquired into and afcertained by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the faid County of Berks, what Compenfation and Satisfaction (hall be made to fuch Owner or Proprietors or Perfons interefted, for the Purchafe of the faid Cottages, Gardens and Land ; and Fourteen Days Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting of fuch Jury (hall be given in manner aforefaid 5 and the Sheriff of the faid County of Berks, or his Deputy, WitnefTes txa-is and are hereby empowered and required from time to time to mined on Oath, fummon or caufe to be fummoned before the faid Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Perfon and Perfons whomfoever, who (hall be thought proper and neceffary to be examined concerning the Premifes (which Oath the faid Sheriff or his Deputy is or are hereby empowered to adminifter) 5 and he the faid Sheriff is hereby further empowered to order and direft the faid Jury, if neceffary, to ▼ietf the Places in aueftion, with or without Shewers, at the Will of the Parties ; and after the Jury (hall have fo enquired of, afcertained and fettled fuch Compenfation and Recompence, the faid Commif-lioner (hall order and dire& the Sum 01* Sums of Money which (hall be fo affeffed by the faid Jury, to be paid to the faid Owners or Proprietors, or the Perfon or Perfons interefted in the faid Cottages, Gardens and Land, according to fuch Verdi& or Inquifition and Judgment of the faid Jury; which VerdiA or Inquifition and Judgment Verdi&ofjury or Determination fo had and made, (hall be final, binding ana con- fintl. clufive to all Intents and Purpofes, again ft all Parties and Perfons whomfoever, claiming or to claim, in Poffeffion, Reverfion, Remainder, Expe&ancy or otherwife, their Heirs and Succeffors, as well abfent as prefent, Infants, Femes Covert and Perfons under any Difability whatfoever, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclefiaftical or Civil, Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Perfons whomfoever, and againft all and every fuch Owners and Proprietors; and every Perfon and Perfons any ways interefted in fuch Cottages,

Gardens and Land, (hall thereby be from thenceforth to all Intents and Purpofes, excluded and diverted of all Right, Title, Claim,

Intereft and Property, of, in, to or out of the fame.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That, for the fummoning and By Warrant of returning fuch Jury or Juries, it (hall be lawful for the Commiffioners Commiflloners appointed for the Purpofes of this A &, and they are hereby em- ™ct powered to iffue out their Warrant or Warrants to the faid Sheriff of impannela Jurjv the County of Berks$ thereby commanding him to impannel, fummon and return, an indifferent Jury of Twenty four Perfons, to appear at

fuch





^'hallen£«-

Sheriff and WitnefTes, &c. making Default.

Penalty.

How Expenccs of Jury paid.

fuch Time and Place as in fuch Warrant or Warrants (hall b£ appointed ; and the faid Sheriff or his Deputy is and are hereby required to impanne!, fummon and return. Twenty four fuch Perfons as afore-faid; and out of the Perfons fo impannelled and returned, or out of fuch of them as fhall appear upon fuch Summons, the faid Sheriff or hit Deputy, (hall fwear or caufe to be fworn Twelve, w'ho fhall be tbe Jury for the Purpofe aforefaid ; and in Default of a fufEcient Number of Jurymen, the faid Sheriff or his Duputy fhall return other honed and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can fpeedily be procured to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve; and all Perfons intereded fhall have their lawful Challenges againd any of the faid Jurymen, as in ordinary cafes of the like nature.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if the Sheriff or his Duputy who fhall be fo directed to fummon and return a Jury as aforefaid, fhall make Default in the Premifes, or if any Perfon fo furamoned and returned as aforefaid upon fuch Jury, fhall not appear, or, appearing, fhall refufe to be fworn, or to give his Verdid, or fhall in any other manner wilfully negleft his Duty contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad; or if any Perfon fo fummoned to give Evidence fhall not appear, or, appearing, fl\all refufe to be examined or give Evidence, it fhall be lawful for Two or more Judices of the Peace ading for the County wherein fuch Cottages, Gardens and Land fhall he, and they are hereby required, upon Complaint being made to them in Writing, to fummon any Perfon fo offending before them, and upon the Oaths of WitnefTes (which Oaths the faid Judices are hereby empowered and required to adminider) to hear and determine, at any Petty Seflions to be held within and for fuch County, the Matter of Complaint ; and every Perfon who fhall be found fo offending in any of the cafes aforefaid, by the legal Adjudication and Determination of the faid Judices, fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, which faid Penalty fhall and may be levied by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one of the faid Judices, by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon Or Perfons fo offending, rendering to him or her the Overplus, after fuch Penalty and the Charges of fuch Didrefs and Sale fhall be deduced 5 aud every fuch Penalty fo recovered from the faid Sheriff, or from any Perfca who fhall have been fo fummoned on fuch Jury, or to give Evidence as aforefaid, fhall go and be paid to the Party who (hall appear to the faid Judices to be injured by the Default of fuch Perfon.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed. That in cafe any Jury fhall give in and deliver a Verditt for more Money as a Compenfation for the Right, Intered or Property of any Perfon or Perfons in any Cottages, Gardens or Land as aforefaid, than what fhall have been agreed to and offered by the faid Commiflioner on the Part of His Majedy, before the fummoning and returning of the Jury, as a Compenfation or Satisfaction for any fuch Right, Intered or Property as aforefaid, that then and in fuch cafe the full Cods and Expences of fummoning and maintaining the Jury and WitnefTes, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of fuch Difference, fhall be borne and paid by His Majedy, his Heirs and Succeffors ; but if fuch Jury fhall give and deliver a VerdiCt for no more, or for lefs Money than fhall have been agreed to and been offered by the faid CommifConer

on

\



on the Part of His Majefty, before the fummoning and returning of the faid Jury, as a Compenfation and Satisfaction for any luch Right, Intereft or Property as aforefaid, that then the full Cods and Expences of fummoning and maintaining the faid Jury and Witnefles, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining fuch Difference, (hall be paid and borne by the Perfon or Perfons with whom the faid Commiffioner on the Part of His Majefty (hall have fuch Con-troverfy orDifpute; which faid Cofts and Expences having been afcer-tained and fettled by the Mafter of His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench (who is hereby authorized and required to examine and fettle the fame), ftiall and may be deduded out of the Money fo adjudged, as fo much Money advanced to and for the Ufe of fuch Perfon or Perfons; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of fuch Monies (hall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purpofes to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums fo adjudged; or other-wile fuch Cofts and Expences, in cafe the fame be not paid on Demand, may be recovered by the Commiffioners of Woods, Forefts and Land Revenue, or the Surveyor General of Woods and Forefts for the time being, by Adion or Suit in any of His Majefty’s Courts at Weft-minlter: Provided always, that in cafes where any Perfon or Perfons (hall, by reafon of Abfence, have been prevented from treating in manner aforefaid, the whole Cofts and Expences fhall be borne and paid by His Majefty in manner aforefaid.

XX.	And be it further enaded, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money by way of Compenfation or Recompence to be agreed for or afcertained as aforefaid, (hall, by and with the Confent, Order and Direction of the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, be paid by the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenue, or the Surveyor General of Woods and Forefts for the time being; and that upon Payment thereof as aforefaid, or in cafe of Refufal to accept the fame, then on depofiting fuch Sum or Sums of Money in the Bank of England in manner by this Ad direded, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners or Surveyor General for the time being, their Surveyors, Workmen or Agents, to enter into and upon and take Poffeffion of the faid Cottages, Gardens and Land refpedively, and to do all and every fuch Ad, Matter and Thing in relation to fuch Cottages, Gardens and Land, as the faid; Commif. doners or Surveyor General for the time being (hall think proper; and the faid Cottages, Gardens and Land (hall thenceforth be deemed and taken to be Part of the Lands belonging to His Majefty, and (hall be vefted in His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, for the Pur-

. poles of this Ad.

XXI.	And be it further enaded. That if any Money (hall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Cottages, Gardens and Lands purchafed by virtue of this Ad for the Purpofes thereof, which (hall belong to any Body Politic or Corporate, Truftees or Feoffees, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Perfon or Perfons beyond the Seas, or under any other Difability or Incapacity, fuch Money (hall, in cafe the fame (hall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Commiffioners for executing this Ad, to the Intent that fuch Money (hall be applied, under the

Diredion

PfQvifo.

Money allowed for Cottages, how paid or depofited.

Application of Compenfaiion to* Bt dies Politic, &c. where exceeding aocL

 LmOOQ le

750

C. 158.	53®	GEO.	IIL	A.D.1813.

Application where Compeu-fation does not exceed aocl nor left than aol.

A

Application where Money is left than 20U

Dire&ion and with Approbation of the faid Court, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a fummary way by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rent* and Profits of the faid Cottages, Gardens and Land, in the Purcbafe of the Land Tax, or Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the faid Court (hall authorize to be paid, affe&ing the fame Cottages, Gardens and Land, or affe&ingthe Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments (landing fettled therewith, to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents or Purpofes; or where fuch Money (hall not be fo applied, then the fame (nail be laid out or inTefted, under the like Dire&ion and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which (hall be conveyed and fettled to, for and upon fuch and the like Ufrs, Trufts, Intents and Purpofes, and in the fame manner as the Cottages, Gardens and Land, which (hall be fo purchased as afote&d, flood fettled or limited, or fuch of them as at the time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement (hall be exifting, undetermined and capable of taking Effect ; and in the mean time and until fuch Purchafe (hall be made, the faid Money (hall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the faid Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Confo-lidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, tod in the mean time and until the faid Bank Annuities (hall be ordered by the faid Court to be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the faid Confolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities (hall from time to time be paid by Order of the faid Court to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being hare been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Cottages, Gardens and Land fo to be purchased, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if any Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Cottages, Gardens and Land, purchafed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under Difabiliity or Incapacity as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and (hall amount to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch cafes the fame (hall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Cottages, Gardens and Land fo purchafed, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be fignified in Writing under their refpe&ive Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the (aid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforefaid, in order to be applied in manner hems-before dire£led; or otherwife the fame (hall be paid at the like Option to Two Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Option, and approved of by the faid Commiffioners (fuch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that fuch Principal Money, and the Dividends arifing thereon, may be applied in the manner hereinbefore diredled, fo far as the cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Dire&ion or Approbation of the faid Court of Chancery.

XXIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That where fuch Money fo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned,

(hall

 LjOOQle

A.D.i8i3-

530 GEO. HI.

C. 158.

75*

/hall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch cafes the fame (hall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Cottages, Gardens and Land fo purchafed for the Purpofe of this Ad, in fuch manner as the faid Truftees (hall think fit 5 or in cafe of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpedively.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe the Perfon or Per- In cafe of not fon9 to whom any Sum or Sums of Money (hall be awarded for the mak,n? out Purchafe of any Cottages, Gardens and Land to be purchafed by T»tlc, or ifPer-virtue of this Ad, (hall refufe to accept the fame, or (hall not be found^pmchai'e able to make out a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfadion Money paid into of the faid Commiflioners ; or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom Bank,

fuch Sum or Sums of Money (hall be fo awarded as aforefaid, cannot be found; or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Cottages,

Gardens and Land be not known or difcovered, then and in every fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners to order the faid Sum or Sums of Money fo awarded as aforefaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Perfons interefted in the faid Cottages, Gardens and Land \jdefcrtbing /Arml, fubjed to the Order, fubje& to Order Controul and Difpofition of the faid Court of Chancery; which faid of Court Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons Chancery* making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, (hall be and i9 hereby empowered, in a luminary way of Proceeding or otherwife, as to the fame Court (hall feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and invefted in the Public Funds, and to order Diftribution thereof, according to the refpedive Eftate or Eftates, Title or Intereft of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the fame Court (hall feem juft and reafonable; and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England, who (hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sumsof Money, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to luch Perfon or Perfons as (hall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

XXV.	Provided alfo, and be it enaded, That where any Queftion where any (hall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in purfuance of this Ad, for the Purchafe of any Cottages, Gardens and Land, or of any Eftate, Right or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchafed in jmrfuance of this Ad, or to any time of Purchafe Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or the Divi- deemed entitled dends or Interefts of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or thereto. Perfons who (hall have been in PofTeffion of fuch Cottages, Gardens

or .Lands at the time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poffeffion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, (hall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Cottages, Gardens or Lands, according to fuch Poffeffion, until the contrary (hall be (hewn to the Satisfadion of the faid Court

of

*5

Queftion lhall arife touching Money to be paid into Bank, the Perfon in Pofleflion at

C. 158.

53' GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

Court of Clian-o. ry may order Kxpences of ccr-tr.in Ftirchafesro

of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interefts of the faid Bank Annuities to be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, (hall be paid, applied and difpofed of accordingly ; unlefs it /hall be made appear to the faid Court that fuch Foffcffion was a wrongful Po/Teffion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Cottages, Gardens or Lands, or tu fome Eftate or Intereft therein. .

XXVI. Provided alfo, and be it enabled, That where by reafou of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation, ent-ilkd to any Cottages, Gardens or Land, to be pur-te paid hy Com- chafed under the Authority of this Aft, the Purchafe Money for the iniihoners. fame /hall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of this Aft, it /hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchafes from time to time to be made ia purfuance of this Aft ; and fo much of fuch Expences as the faid Court /hall deem reafonable, to be paid by the faid Commiflioners oot of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Aft, who /hall from time to time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court /hall direft.

* XXVII. And whereas the faid Arthur Marquis of Do*usnJhire

*	infills that the faid Manor, and alfo the Park of Eajlhampflead, to

*	which he derives his Title through and under certain Grants made

*	by His Majefty’s Royal Predeceffors and other Affurances, are

*	exempt from all the Laws of the faid Foreft and all the Rights of

*	The Crown in refpeft thereof, and confequently that His faid Ma-

*	jefty is not entitled to any Allotment of Land within the laid

*	Manor C ~

or Pari/h (which are co-extenfive) Be it therefore en-afted, That it /hall be lawful for His Majefty, by his Attorney General, to proceed to a Trial at Law at the next Spring Affixes for

of Crown, tried at Affites> for Beklhire, kc

Marquis of Downfhire’s

Claim to Manor tjie County of Berks, in a feigned Aftion or Aftions for that Pulliam fteid « ~ P0^ t0 commenced in His Majeity’s Court of King's Bench, empt fromVoreft Common Pleas or Exchequer at Wejlminjler, againft the faid Arthur J.aws or Rights Marquis of Downfhire, his Heirs or Affigns, or the Perfon or Perfons entitled to the faid Manor for the time being; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch A6tion or Aftions (hall forthwith name an Attorney or Attornies, who /hall file Common Bail, or appear and accept One or more Iffue or I flues, whereby the Matter in queftion may be properly tried and determined (fuch Iffue or Iflues to be fettled by tne proper Officer or Officers of the Court in which fuch Aftion or Aftions /hall be brought, if the Parties /hall differ about the fame) ; and if at the Trial of any fuch Iffue or I flues it /hall appear that His Majefty is not entitled to any Foreftal Right or Intereft within the faid Manor and Pari/h of Eajlhampjlead% for which a Compenfation ought to be made, then fuen Jury or Juries by whom fuch Iffue or Inues /hall be tried, /hall find for the Defendant or Defendants, in which cafe this Aft, or any things therein contained, /hall not apply to or affeft the fame Manor and rarifh or any Part thereof; but if it /hall appear to fuch Jury or Juries that Lis faid Majefty is entitled to fuch Foreftal Rights or Interefts within the fame Manor and Pari/h, as are claimed by and beloug to His Ma-jetly, in and over the Pari/hes and Places within the regard of the faid Foreft, then fuch Jury or Juries /hall find for the Plaintiff, and

then

 C^ooQle

753

A.D.i8i3*	53	GEO;III.	C.	158%

then and in fuch cafe the faid Manor and Parifh fhall be deemed to be within the ProvifionB of this Ad, and the Commons and Wafte Lands thereof fhall be fubjed to fuch Provifions and Regulations as to the Proportion thereof to be awarded to His Majefty, as are in this Ad contained in relation to the faid Parifhes and Manors, and Waftcs and Commons within the regard of the faid Foreft 5 but if it fhall appear to the faid Jury that His Majefty is entitled to Foreftal Rights and Interefts within the fame Manor and Parifh, but that fuch Rights have been diminifhed or reftrided by Grants or Charters or other means, fo as that fuch Foreftal Rights of His Majefty are not fo extenfive in the faid Manor and Parifh as in the other Parifhes and Manors mentioned in this Ad, then and in fuch laft mentioned cafe fuch Jury or Juries fhall find and declare by their Verdid, that His Majefty has only limited Foreftal Rights in the faid Manor and Parifh, which fhall be indorfed on the Poftea ; and then the faid Jury or Juries, in addition to the Verdid or Verdicts given in the Iffue or IfTues joined, fhall affefs and award what Proportion of the Soil of the Wafte and Open Lands within the fame Manor and Parifh would be a juft and fair Compenfation for fuch His faid Majefty’s Foreftal Rights therein, and the Verdid or Verdids which fhall be given in fuch Adion or Adions, and fuch Special Finding or Indorfement, fhall be binding as well upon His faid Majefty, his Heirs and Sue* cefTors, as the faid Marquis, his Heirs and Afligns, and all other Perfons interefted in the faid Manor; unlefs the Court wherein fuch Adion or Adions fhall be brought fhall fet afide fuch Verdid or Verdids, Finding and Indorfement, and order a new Trial or Trials to be had thereupon (which it fhall be lawful for the Court to do, as is ufuai in other cafes); and after fuch Verdid or Verdids, Special Finding and Indorfement fhall be given, the fame not being fet afide by the Court, the faid Commifiioners fhall and they are hereby autho* rized and required tp act in Conformity thereto: Provided always, that it fhall be lawful for His Majefty’s Attorney General, and the Defendant or Defendants at any fuch Trial, in cafe fuch laft men-tioned Verdid fhall be, that His Majefty’s Foreftal Rights are limited in the faid Manor and Parifh, to agree to refer the Proportion of Compenfation to fuch Referees or Referee as fhall at fuch Trial be approved of by the Judge trying fuch Iffue or IfTues; and the Amount of the Proportion fo afeertained fhall, when fettled, be en. dorfed upon the Poftea as Part of the Finding of the Jury, in like manner as if the fame had been fo afeertained and afTefTed by the Jury as aforefaid : Provided alfo, that it fhall be lawful for the Court in which fuch Adion or Adions fhall be depending, upon fuflicient Caufe (hewn, to put />ff the Trial of the fame, although the time hereby limited for fuch Trial may be thereby exceeded ; but if fuch Adion or Adions fhall not be proceeded in to a Trial or Trials at the next Spring Alfizes for the County of Berks, by means of the Negled or Default of the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and in fuch cafe the Allotment to be made by the faid Commifiioners in refped thereof, fhall be deemed to belong to His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, and fhall be conclufive as well unto and upon His Majefty, his Heirs and SuccefTors, a6 upon the faid Marquis, his Heirs and Afligns, and all other Perfons fo interefted as aforefaid.

XXVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it enaded. That if either of the Parties in any Adion or Adions to be brought and profecuted in 53 Gso. III.	3	C	purfuance

Aftiom not to abare by rcjf.*a ot Death of Parties.

754

Mitten in Dif-put* ccmprc-

In cafe no Action brought, &c. A61 not to aflfert Manor of Eallhampftcad.

His Majefty may enter Action againft Lord ol Manor of Sandhurft, kc. as to Claims of Exemption from Foreft Iwiw* and Righu cf The Crow

C.158.	53PGEO.	III.	A.D.	1813.

purfuance of tbit Aft, (hall die pending the fame, fuch Aftion or Aftions (hall not abate by rcafon thereof but (ball be proceeded in at if no ffich Event had happened: Provided nevertbelefs, that it (ball be lawful for His Majefty, at any time before the Trial of fuch A&ioa or Aftions, to make or accept Propofals to or from the faid Arthur Marquis of Downjhire, his Heirs or Afligns, or the Perfon or Pcrtioos fo entitled to the faid Manor for the time being as aforefaid, for com-promiftng the Matter or Matters in Dilpute, and to compromife the fame accordingly ; and every fuch Compromife, if made, (ball be binding and conclufive, as well on His faid Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, as on the faid Arthur Marquis of Downjhire, his Heirs and Afligns, and all other Perfons fo interefted as aforefaid : Provided alfo, that if no fuch Action fhall be brought, or, being brought, if the fame (hall not be tried within the time herein for that Purpofe limited, unlefs fuch Trial or Trials (hall be put ofF with fuch Leave of the Court as aforefaid, then and io fuch cafe this Aft or ar,r thing herein contained, (hall not apply to or in any way affeft the faid Manor, Pariih or Park of Ecijlhampjlcador any Part thereof refpeftively.

* XXIX. And whereas the faid Richard Hcavjfide ar.d others, 1 having Rights of Common in and over Sandhurjl Common, inftft

* that the laid Manor, and Parifh of Sandhurjl, to which the ffed 4 Richard Heavifide derives his Title, through and under a certain

*	Grant or Grants made by fome or one of His Majefty’s Royal Pre-4 deceffors, and other AfTurances, are exempt from all the Laws cf 4 the faid Foreft, and all the Rights of The Crown in refpeft thereof, 4 and confequently that His faid Majefty is not entitled to any A!. 4 JotmenC of Land within the faid Manor or Pariih Be it therefore enafted, That it (hall be lawful for His Majefty, by. his Attorney General, to proceed to a Trial at Law at the next Spring Aflizes far the County of Bcrhs, in a feigned Aft ion or Aftions for that Pur-pofe to be commenced in His Majefty’s Court of King’s Beach, Common Pleas or Exchequer at Wejlminjfier, againft the faid Richard Hcavifide, as Lord of the faid Manor of Sandhurjl, his Heirs or Af-ftgns, or the Perfon or Perfons entitled to the faid Manor for the time being; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Aftion or Aftions (nail forthwith name an Attorney or Attomics, who (hall Isle Common Bail, or appear and accept One or more Iffue or I Hues, whereby the Matters in queftion may be properly tried and determined (fuch Iffue or Iffues to be fettled by the proper Officer or Officers of the Court in which fuch Aftion or Aftions (hall be brought, if the Parties (hall differ about the fame) ; and in cafe the faid Richard Heavijide, his Heirs or Afligns, or fuch Perfon or Perfons as afore-faid, (hall refufe or negleft to become Defendant or Defendants in fuch Aftion or Aftions, or refufe to appear and plead in due Courfe of Law to any Declaration to be delivered by the Attorney General for the Trial of fuch Iffue, or (hall fuffer Judgment to go by De* fault, then it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Attorney Genead to bring an Aftion againft John Mojeley Efquire (one of the Perfons having Rights of Common in and over Sandhurjl Common), or in the Event of his Death, againft any other Perfon or Petfons being iote-refted in the Commons or Waftes of the fame Manor for the Trial of the faid Iffue ; and if at the Trial of any fuch Iffiic or Iffues, k (ball appear that Hit Majefty is not entitled to any Foreftal Right or In*

6	terrft





A.U. 18X3.

53,5L»iMJ. 111.

v;.is».

755

tereft within the faid Manor and Parifh of Sandhurjl, for which a Compenfation ought to be made, then fuch Jury or Juries by whom fueh IfTue or IfTues fhall be tried, fhall find for the Defendant or Defendants, in which cafe this Adi or any thing therein contained fhall not apply to or affedfc the fame Manor and Parifh or any Part thereof; but if it fliall appear to fuch Jury or Juries that His faid Majefty is entitled to fuch Foreftai Rights or Intereft within the fame Manor and Parifti as are claimed by and belong to His Majefty in and over the other Parifhcs or Places within the regard of the faid Ford!, then fuch Jury or Juries fliall find for the Plaintiff, and then and in fuch cafe the faid Manor and Parifli fhall be deemed to be within the Provifionsof this Adt, and the Commons and Waftc Lands thereof fhall be fubjedt to fuch Provifions and Regulations as to the Proportion thereof to be awarded to His Majefty, as are in this Adt contained in relation to other Pariflies and Manors and Waftes and Commons ; but if it fhall appear to the faid Jury or Juries, that His Majefty is entitled to Foreftai Rights and Interefts within the fame Manor and Parifh, but that fuch Rights have been diminifhed by Grants, Charters or other means, fo as that fuch Foreftai Rights of His Majefty are not fo extenfive in the faid Manor and Parifh as in the other Pariflies and Manors mentioned in this Adt, then and in fuch la ft mentioned cafe fuch Jury or Juries fhall find and declare by their Verdidt, that His Majefty has only limited Foreftai Rights in the faid Manor and Parifh, which fhall be indorfed on the Poftea ; and then the faid Jury or Juries, in addition to the Verdict or Verdicts given in the IfTue or IfTues joined, fhall aflefs and award what Proportion of the Soil of the Walle and Open Lands within the fame Manor and Parifti would be a juft and fair Compenfation for fuch His faid Ma-jefty's Foreftai Rights therein, and the Verdidt or Vcrdidts which fhall be given in fuch Adtion or Adtions, and fuch Special Finding or Indorsement, fhall be binding as well upon His faid Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflbrs, as the faid Richard Heavifidcs his Heirs and Afligns, and all other Perfons interefted in the faid Manor; unlefs the Court wherein fuch Adtion or Adtions fhall be brought fhall fet afide fuch Verdidt or Verdidts, Finding and Indorfemenr, and order a new Trial or Trials to be had thereupon (which it fhall be lawful for the Court to do as is ufual in other cafes) ; and after fuch Verdidt or Vcrdidts, Special Finding and Indorfement fhall be given, the fame not being fet afide by the Court, the faid Commiflioners fhall and they are hereby authorized and required to adt in Couformity thereto : Provided always, that it fhall be lawful for His Majefty's Attorney General, and the Defendant or Defendants at any fuch Trial, in cafe fuch laft men* tioned Verdidt fhall be, that HisMajcfty’s Foreftai Rights are limited in the faid Manor and Parifh, to agree to refer the Proportion of Com-peufation to fuch Referees or Referee as fliall at fuch Trial be approved of by the Judge trying fuch IfTue or Iffues; and the Amount t>f the Proportion fo afceitaim d fliall, when fettled, be indpi fed upou the Poftea as Part of the Finding of the Jury, in like manner as if the fame had been (o afeertained and aflefled by the Jury as aforefaid : Provided alio, that it fhall and may be lawful for the Court in which fuch Adtion or Adtions fhall be depending, upon fuflicient Caufe fhewn, to put off4hc Trial of the fame, although the time hereby limited for fuch Trial may be thereby exceeded but if the faid Richard Hcavi-fide> his Heirs or Afligns, and the faid John Mofclcy9 or in cafe of the

3 C z	Death





•v

75<S

Death of Parties not to abate Actions.

Commillioners on Part cf His Majefty, and Proprietors of Lands.

Commillioners to take the following

Oatli.

Appointment of new CommiC* Son err.

Death of the faid John Mofeley, the other Perfona interefted ia the Wade and Commons of the Manor of Sandburjl aforefaid, againft whom fuch Adion (hall or may be brought as aforefaid, (haul re-fufe to appear aud plead in due Courfe to fuch Declaration to be delivered as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe the Allotment cf the faid Commiftioners (hall be conclufive as well unto and upon Hit Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, as upon the faid Richard Heavi-Jtde, hie Heirs and Affigns, and all other Perfocs fo interefted as aforefaid.

XXX.	Provided alfo, and be it enaded, That if either of the Parties in any Adion or Adions to be brought and profecuted in purfuance of this Att (hall die pending the fame, fuch Adion or Actions (hall not abate by reafon thereof, but (hall and may be proceeded in as if no fuch Event had happened: Provided alio, that if no fuch Adion (hall be brought, or, being brought, if the fame (hall not be tried within the time herein for that Purpofe limited, unlefs fuch Trial or Trials (hall be put off, with fuch Leave of the Court as aforefcid, then and in fuch cafe this Ad or any thing herein contained, (hall not apply to or in any wav affed the faid Manor or Pari(h of Sandhurst or any Part thereof refpedively.

XXXI.	And be it further enaded, That John Na/b of Dover Street, in the County of Middltfex, Efquire, and his Succeffors, ta be nominated and appointed in manner hereinafter mentioned, (hall be and is and are refpedively hereby appointed the Commiffioner oa the Part and Behalf of His Majefty ; and that John Davis of Bl*x~ ham, in the County of Oxford, Gentleman, and his Succeffors, to be eleded in manner hereinafter mentioned, (hall be and is and are refpedively hereby appointed the Commifiioncr on the Part and Behalf of the fcveral Proprietors of Land within the faid Foreft, for effeduating the fevcial Purpofes aforefaid.

XXXII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the faid John Najh and John Davis, and their refpedive Succeffors, to be nominated and appointed in manner hereinafter mentioned, (ball not, any or either of them, a6t in the Execution of the Powers hereby given, unlefs they (hall have previoufly taken and fubferibed the following Oath, which Oath any One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Berks (hall and may adminifter; that is to fay,

€ t	do fwear. That 1 will faithfully,

c * honeftly and impartially, according to the beft of my Skill aod € Judgment, execute the Trufts repofed in me as Commiffioner, by c virtue of an Ad parted in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of < King George the Third, intituled An Aft [here infert the Title $f € this AS].	So help me GOD/

XXXIII.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe the faid John Najh, or any of his Succeffors, (hall happen to die, or decline or negled to ad before the full Execution of all and every of the Powers hereby vefted in him, or (hall refufe to qualify and ad in the Execution thereof, then and in fuch cafe and fo often as the fame (hall happen, it (hall and may be lawful for the Commillioners of His Majefty*! Woods, Forefts and Land Revenue, or the Surveyor General of Woods and Forefts for the time being, to nominate and appoint any other fit Perfon to be a Commiffioner on the Part of His Majefty,



757

A.D.i8i3«

53° GEO. III.

C.158.

in the Room of the faid John Najh, or any of his Succeffors, fo dyin£f or declining, negleding or refufing to ad as aforefaid ; and if the faid John Davis or any Commifiioner to be appointed in his Stead as hereinafter mentioned, (hall die, refufe or be difabled to adt, then and in every fuch cafe, it (hall be lawful for the major Part in Value (to be afcertained by the Land Tax Affeffments) of tbe Proprietors of or Perfons interefted in the Lands within the faid Foreft, who (hall be prefent at a Meeting to be held for that Purpofe at fome convenient Place within the faid Foreft, within Two Calendar Months next after fuch Death, Retufal or Difability (hall be ftgnified by the Commiffioner for the time being, on the Part and Behalf of His Majefty, from time to time to eledt and appoint a new Commiffioner not interefted in the faid Inclofure, in tne Stead of fuch Commiffioner fo dying, refufing or becoming difabled to adt; of which laft mentioned Death, Refufal or Difability, and Meeting, Ten Days’ previous Notice (hall be given by Advertifement in the Newfpapers called The Windfor Exprefs and Reading Mercury, if then printed, or in fome other Newfpapers ufually pubhfhed or circulated in the faid County of Berks ; and that every fuch Eledion and Appointment of a new Commiffioner (hall be reduced into Writing, and ligned by the Perfons making fuch Eledtion and Appointment, and fhall be delivered to the other Commiffioner ; and in cafe the faid refpedive Parties, or any of them, fhall make Default in appointing any fuch new Commiffioner as aforefaid, at any fuch Meeting fo to be held as aforefaid, then the Commiffioner named and appointed on the Part and Behalf of His Majefty fhall, and he is hereby required from time to time, by Writing under his Hand, within Fourten Days after the Expiration of the time allowed for naming fuch new Commiffioner as aforefaid, to appoint One other Commiffioner not interefted in the faid Divifion and Allotments, in the Place of fuch Commiffioner fo dying, refufing to ad, or becoming incapacitated ; and every fuch new Commifiioner fo to be appointed, as well on the Part and Behalf of His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, as on the Part and Behalf of the Proprietors of Land within the faid Foreft, fhall have the like Powers and Authorities for putting this Ad into Execution, in all refpeds whatfoever, as the Commiffioner in whofe Place he fhall have been appointed was invefted with.

XXXIV.	And, for obviating the Delays and Inconveniences which may arife by any Difference of Opinion between the faid Commifi* fioners, touching any of the Matters and Things to be done in pur-

fuance of this Ad, be it further enaded. That it fhall be lawful to Power to appoint

and for the laid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized, in caf^ a*UroPire'

of any fuch Difference of Opinion arifing between them as aforefaid,

from time to time to nominate and appoint any fit and competent

Perfon to ad as an Umpire concerning the Premifes; to whom all

and every fuch Difference fhall be referred, and whofe Judgment and

Determination therein fhall be deemed and taken to be the Judgment

and Determination of the faid Commiffioners, and fhall be final,*

binding and conclufive to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no Per- Umpire to take fon fhall be capable of ading as an Umpire in the Execution of this following Ad, until he mail have taken and fubferibed an Oath, in the Form

or to the Effed following ; that is to fay.

3C3

«1

do

758	C.	158.	53"	GEO.	III.	A.O.1S13

Otth.	*	t	do fwear, That I

*	**• will faithfully* impartially and honcfUy, according to the beft of

*	my Skill and Judgment, execute aud perform the feveral Trufts,

*	Powers and Authorities veiled and repofed in me as an Umpire, by

*	virtue of an Ad patted in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of King

*	George the Third, intituled An Ad [here infert the Title of this Ad, J

*	according to Equity and good Confcience, and without Favour

*	or Affedion, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Perfon or Perfoos

4 whomfoever.	So	help	me	GOD.'

Surveyors appointed tofurvey and lay down Maps, Sec.

Surveyors to take the fob lowing

Oath.

/

Which Oath the faid Commiffioners, or either of them, are and is hereby authorized and required to adminifter to the faid Umpire.

XXXVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to nominate and appoint any fit and proper Perfon or Perfons, not inte-refted in the faid intended Divifion, to be a Surveyor or Surveyors for viewing, furveying and meafuring the faid Foreft, and the Open Commonable Parts thereof; and fuch Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby authorized and dirc&ed, as foon as conveniently m3y be after he or they fhall be fo appointed, to view, furvey and meafure the faid Foreft, and the Open Commonable Parts thereof, or (uch Parts thereof as the faid Commiffioners fhall order or direct, and fhall deferibe and lay down the fame by way of Map or Plan, whereon, or in a Book of Reference to be annexed thereto, fhall be fet forth the Number of Statute Acres, Roods and Perches of the faid Foreft, and the Open Commonable Parts thereof, or fuch Part or Parts thereof ?3 fhall be fo ordered and dire&ed to be furveyed, and the Names of the feveral Perfons holding and eujoying the fame ; and that when and fo foon as the faid Surveyors fhall have finifhed and completed the faid Survey, Map or Plan, they fhall, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, apprize the faid Commiffioners thereof, and appoint a Tinie and Place tot a Meeting with them, of which Fourteen Days previous Notice at lead fhall be given unto each of the faid Coirmif-fioner8; at which Meeting the faid Surveyor or Surveyors fhall deliver unto the faid Commiffioners prefent at fuch Meeting, his or their Survey and Plan and Book of Reference, and (hall fubferibe the fame with his or their Name or Names in the Prefence of the faid Commit fioner9, who fhall atteft the fame; and the faid Surveyor or Surveyois fhall take and fubferibe the following Oath $ that is to fay,

I* A. B, do fwear, That by virtue and in purfuance of an A& made in the Fifty third year of the Reign of King George the Third, * intituled An Ad [infert the Title of this Ad,'] I have taken a true * and exadl Admeafurement and Survey of the faid Foreft, and the € Open and Commonable Parts thereof, dirc&ed by the faid A6t to be * inclofcd, or of fuch Parts thereof as I have been directed to fe.rtey ‘ and admeafure, to the beft of my Judgment and Ability ; and that 4 the Survey, Map or Plan, and Book of Reference, wliercunto 1 4 have now fet my Hand, arc and do contain a juft and true Dcfcrip-4 tion, Survey and Admeafurement, and Account thereof, with the 4 Names of the feveral Perfons holding and enjoying the fame refpec« 4 tively; and that the fame were made and taken by me according 4 to the beft of my Knowledge, Information and Belief, and the true 4 Intent aud Meaning of the fakl Att, without Favour, Affection or

4 Partiality

 v^.ooQle

759

A.D.i8i3«	53*	GEO.	III.	C.	158.

‘ Partiality to any Perfon or Perfons ; and I do further fwear, that

*	I will faithfully, impartially and honeftly, according to the beft of ‘ niy Skill and Judgment, execute the (everal other Trufts repofed

*	in me as a Surveyor, by virtue of the laid Ad, without Favour,

‘ AfFeftion, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Perfon or Perfons whom-

*	foever.	^	So help me GOD.*

Which Oath it (hall and may be lawful to and for any One of the faid Commiflioners Commiflioners to adminifter; and the faid Oath, when fo taken, (hall Q*jjLadminifter be written on Parchment, and fubferibed by the, Perfon taking the

fame, and duly attefted by the faid Commiffione'rs under their Hands, and (hall be enrolled with the Award to be made by the faid Commiflioners.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That in cafe any New Surveyors Surveyors fo to be appointed as aforefaid, or any other Surveyor or Death **** Surveyors to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned, (hall die, or

refufe or negleft to aft, or become incapable of afting in the Execution of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, then and in every fuch cafe it fhall and may be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to nominate and appoint fome other fit and proper Perfon (not interested in the faid iutended Divifion and Inclofure) to be a Surveyor in the Room or Stead of every Surveyor, fo dying, refilling or neglefting to aft, or -become incapable of afting iu the Execution of the faid recited Aft and this Aft ; and every Surveyor fo nominated and appointed (hall have the like Powers and Authorities, and (hall be lubjeft and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Reflriftions, as if he had been originally named a Surveyor in and by this Aft.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That if it (hall appear to Lands allotted the Lords Commiflioners of His Majeftjr’s Treafury for tne time to His Majefty, being, upon the Report of the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s intermixed Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or upon the Report of the w,*h Ip"d? of Surveyor General of His Maiefty’s Woods and Forefts for the time maybe being, that any Part or Parcel, or Parts or Parcels of the Lands to exchanged,

be allotted and fet out to His Majefty in pnrfuance of this Aft, is or are fo fituated as not to be convenient for the Purpofe of forming or making an Addition to Windfor Great Park, or to the faid Allotments hereinbefore mentioned contiguous thereto, or are intermixed with, or are contiguous or convenient to or furrounded by the Lands of Individuals, it (hall be lawful for the faid Lords Commiflioners of His Majefty's Treafury for the rime being, or any Three or more of them, to authorize the faid Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods,

Forefts and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of His Ma-jefty’s Woods and Forefts for the time being to contraft and agree on the Behalf of His faid Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflbrs, either for the Sale ot Exchange of luch Lands or Allotments fo fitnate as aforefaid, or to purchase the Lands fo belonging to Individuals, and fituated as aforefaid, and to make or accept gcV and effeftpal Conveyances thereof, for fuch Price or Prices, or l’uch Equivalent or Equivalents, in the cafe of any fuch Exchange or Exchanges refpec-tiveiy as (hall be certified to the faid Commiflioners of the Trea-fnry, by the faid Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or by the faid Surveyor General of Woods and Forefts, to be juft and reasonable, fuch Price or the Equivalent ia Exchange to be afceriained and* fettled in manner hereinafter men-

3 C 4	tionedj



760

c.158.

53* GEO. IH.

A.D.1813.

OM IncTofures, or new Allot-meats, fold, See,

Sales of Exchanges made conformable to 53 G.3, c.i6i.

Purchafe Money paid into Bank.

46 G. 3. c.142,

Corporate Bodies, and others, may make Sales and Exchanges.

tioned; and the fame in cafe of Sale to be paid into the Hands of the faid Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenue, or into the Hands of the faid Surveyor General for the time being 5 and in cafe of Purchafe, the Amount of the Purchafe Money to be paid by the faid laft mentioned JComrr.iflioners, or by the faid Surveyor General for the time being, to the Perfon or Per-fons to whom fuch Land (hall belong, and to be by the faid Com-miffioners or Surveyor General refpedtively accounted for as herein, after mentioned ; and fuch Lands, when fo purchafed, and all Lands to be given in Exchange to His Majefty, when fo exchanged, (hall be held refpedlively by, and be and become the Property of His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors; and all Lands given by His Majefty in Exchange as aforefaid, (hall be held by the feveral Parties to whom the fame (hall be refpedlively given in Exchange, as the Property of fuch Parties refpedlively.

XXXIX. And be it further enadled, That the Powers of Sale and Exchange herein contained, (hall extend as well to any Old Inclofures belonging to His Majefty within the faid Foreft, as toaoy Allotment or Allotments to be made to His Majefty in purfuance of this Adi.

XL. And be it further enadled, That all fuch Sales or Exchanges to be made as aforefaid, (hall be made in fuch Form and Manner, and under fuch Regulations in all refpe&s, as are mentioned andpre-feribed in an Adt, paffed in the Fifty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for enabling His Majefty to grant Leafes under certain circumftances ; and for the better carrying into Fffcd the Provifions of an A3, faffed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Tears of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, touching tht Formation of a Map of the New Foreft in the County of Southampton, and continuing and extending other Provifions of the faid Ads for further appropriating the Monies arifen or to arife from the Sale of certain Crown Lands under the Authority of divers Ads of Parliaments for annexing certain Lands within the Foreft of Rockingham, to His Majefty’s Manor of King's Cliff*; and for enabling the Con• mijfioners of the Treafury to appropriate fmall Portions of Land for Eccleftaftical Purpofes, relative to Sales and Exchanges between His Majefty and other Perfon or Perfons authorized by the faid A ft, or as near thereto as the circumftances of any Sales or Exchanges to be made in purfuance of this Adi will admit.

XLI. And be it further enadled, That all Sums of Money which (hall accrue from the Sale of any Lands fold by virtue of this Ad, (hall be paid to the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or to the Surveyor General of His Majefty’s Woods and Forefts for the time being, to be by them or him paid into the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and applied and accounted for with the other Funds under their or his Management, injdie manner diredled by an Adi of the Forty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for the better Regulation of the Office of Surveyor General of Woods and Forefts.

XLII. And be it further enadled, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, who (hall be leifed of or entitled to any Lands fo to be fold to or exchanged for any Lands to be allotted

tt

 boogie

A.JLU0I3.

m.

LM5&.	7ai

to His Majefty as aforefaid, and to and for the Hufbands, Committees, Truftees or Attornics of any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any fuch Lands, being under Coverture, Minors,

Lunatics, beyond the Seas, or under any other Difability, and to and for any of the Owners or Proprietors of fuch Lands being Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Years determinable on a Life or Lives, or on any other Contingency, to make any fuch Sales or Exchanges as aforefaid ; and all fuch Sales or Exchanges fo tn be made as aforefaid, (hall be good, valid and effeftual in the Law, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever : Provided always, that no Sale or Exchange (hall be made bf any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, held in Right of any Church, Chapel or other Eeclefialtical benefice,

'without the Confent of the Patron thereof, and the Bifhop of the Diocefe in which fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, fo to be fold or exchanged (hall be fituate, teftified by Writing under their Hands : Provided alfo, that all Cods, Charges and Expences attending the making any Sales, Exchanges or Partition, (hall he paid and borne by the feveral Perfons making fuch Sales, Exchanges or Partitions refpeftively, in fuch manner and in fuch Proportions as the faid Commiffioners fhall by fome Writing under their Hands order and direft.

XL1IL And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be Commifliotiers^ lawful for the Commifiioners named and appointed under the Au-thority of an Aft, made and palTed in the Fifty fecond Year of the fonal Property, Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for the Regulation of enabled to fell * His Majejiy’s Houfeholdf and enabling Her Majejiy the Queen to meet or exchange the increafed Expenee to which Her Majejiy may be expofed during His Allotments of Majejiy’s Indifpojition ; and for the Care of His Majejiy's Real and |1‘s	in

Perfonal Property ; and to amend an Ad of the lajl Sejfion of Parlia-mentf to provide for the Adminijlration of the Royal Authority during 5^0.3. c.8. His Majefii’s Illnefsy with the Confent of the Queen’s Mod Excellent Majefty, and His Royal Highnefs the Prince Regent, fignified by fome Inltrument in Writing under their Hands and Seals, to fell or exchange for Money, or for other Lands of equal Value, all or any of the Allotment or Allotments of the Wade Lands aforefaid to be made to His Majedy, in Right of any Lands or Edates in the faid Foreft, of which His Majefty, or any Perfon or Perfons in Trud for Him, is or are feifed of an Eftate in Fee Simple, in his private Capacity, feparate and diftinft from any Edate or Property to which His Majefty is entitled in Right of his Crown ; and that in cafe of any fuch Sale or Exchange, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commif-fioners for the Purpofes of this Aft (if fuch Sale or Exchange fhall take place before the Execution of their Award), and they are hereby authorized and required to allot fuch Lands fo fold or exchanged, to the Parties refpeftively purchafing or exchanging the fame; who fhall and may forthwith, after the Execution and Perfeftion of proper Deeds of Conveyance and Exchange, have, hold, ufe and enjoy fuch Allotment or Allotments fo to be allotted as aforefaid, and fhall and may ufe and exercife every Aft of Ownerfhip in, upon and over the fame, in as full, large, ample and beneficial a manner to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as the former Proprietor or Proprietors,

Vendor or Vendors thereof, could or might have done in cafe fuch Sale or Sales, or Exchange or Exchanges bad not beeu made: Provided always, that all Cofts, Charges and Expences attending any

fuch

 LiOOQle

7 <52

C.158.

53 GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

Appropriation of Purchale Money on SJe of His Mn jelly’s Allotments in His private

Right.

Award made of Allotments to Jiis Majcily ;

ilt'rofi'ed, See.

fuch Sale and Difpofition or Exchange as aforefaid, (hall be paid and borne by the fevers! Perfons making fuch Sale or Exchanges,in fuch manner as the faid laft mentioned Com mi (Boners (hall order and dired.

XLIV. And be it further enadted, That the Amouut of the Pur-chafe Monies for fuch of the Allotment or Allotments as (hall be made to His Maiefty in HU private Right, in all cafes of Sale thereof as aforefaid, (hall be paid to the Commiflioners named under the Authority of the faid recited Act of the Fifty fecond Year of the Rciga of His prefent Majelty as aforefaid ; and that fuch Purchafe Money (hall from time to time be under the Management, Order, Dire&ion and Controul of the faid Commiflioners, awl (hall in all refpe&i be applicable and fubjedl to the fame Regulations and Reftridioni 21 any other Perfonal Eftate or Property of His Majefty is or are applicable or fubjedh or liable to, as direded by the faid recited Ad.

XLV. And be it further ena&ed, That, for facilitating the Inclo-fure of the Allotment or Allotments of the faid Wade Lands hereby intended to be veiled in His Majelty, his Heirs and Succcffors 21 aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners hereinbefore named, and their refpective Succeflbrs, as foon as conveniently may be after fuch Divifion and Allotments (hall be fiuiftied and confirmed, purfuant to the Directions of this Ad, to form and draw up, or caufe to be formed and drawn up, a fpecial, diflind and feparcte Award in Writing, exprefling the Quantity of Acres, Roods and Perches, in Statute Meafure, contained in the faid Allotment or Allotments of the faid Wafle Lands to His Majefty, and the Qua-tity of each and every' Part and Parcel thereof which (hall be fo allotted, and the Situations and Defcriptions of the fame refpedively, diftingui(hing the Allotments in refped of His Majefty’s Manorial Rights, and of His Rights as a Proprietor from the Allotments in refped of the Foreftal Rights; and alfo a like Description of fuch Land or other Property as (hall be allotted in Exchange 5 and (ball alfo contain pioper Orders and Diredions for fencing the (aid Allotments, and for keeping the Fences in Repair 5 and alfo for making and laying out proper Ways, Roads, Drains, Watcrcourfes, Bridges and other requifite Works and Conveniences, and for keeping the fame in good and fuflicient Repair and Condition ; and (hall alio ex-prefs and contain fuch other Orders, Diredions and Regulations, u by the faid Commiflioners (hall be thought proper and neceffary to be mferted therein, conformable to the true Tenor and Meaning of this Ad, for the more eafy, convenient and effectual Exccutioa thereof, or for the preventing any Difficulties and Difputes in rda-tion to the fpecial Matters herein contained, purfuant and according to the fevcral Powers and Authorities hereby given to and feded in the faid Commiflioners rrfpedively ; which faid Award or Iaftnuaest (hall be fairly ingrofled or written on Parchment, and read over in the Prefence of the Proprietors who may attend at a Special General Meeting to be held for that Purpofe (of which Fourteen Days Notice (hall be given in the faid Newfpapers called The W'txdfvr Ex• prefs and Reading Mercury), and (hall be executed by the Commif-fioners at fuch Meeting ; which Execution (hall be proclaimed the next Sunday in the ieveral and refpedive Parifh Chinches fituate within the faid Foreft ; from which time only the (aid Award (hall be confidered as complete; and the faid Award (hall, within Six Calendar Months next after the Execution thereof, be inrolled in Hk

 CjOOQle

763

.0.1813.	53’GEO. III.	C.	158.

[ajefty’s High Court of Chancery with the proper Officer or Offi-*rs of that Court, who is or are hereby required to caufe the fame

>	be in rolled, to the end Recourfe may be had thereto by all Per->ns interefted therein (for the Iofpe&ion and Perufal whereof no Fse. ore than Five Shillings (hall be paid) ; and a Copy thereof, or ly Part thereof, when and a9 often as the fame (hall be required, tall be delivered to any Perfon interefted, figned by the proper Kticer of the faid Court, purporting the fame to be a true Copy (for Inch no more than Six pence p:r Sheet, reckoning Ninety Words

>	each Sheet, (hall be paid) ; and after fuch Inrolmcnt the original iward (hall be depofited and kept in the Office of the Commiffioners f Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of v’oods and Forefts for the time being ; and the faid original Award, r a Copy of the Inrolment thereof, or of any Part thereof, figned y the proper Officer of the faid Court, (hall at all times be admitted as gal Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and the feveral Allotments,

)rdcrs, Directions, Regulations, Matters and Things, which (hall e made, fpecitied and fet forth in and by the faid Award, (hall be nal, binding and conclulive, unto and upon all Parties and Perfons iterefted in or entitled unto the feveral and refpe&ive Wafte Lands 0 be divided and allotted in purfuance of this A6L

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the faid Commiffioner Lands to be fold ereinbefore appointed on the Part of His Majefty, (hall and he is for Payment of tereby required, at fuch time and times as he (hall think proper, to E*P?,ce*j nark and fet out fuch Part and Parts of the faid Open and Wafte Land in the fakl Foreft hereby dire&ed to be divided, allotted and brents, nclofed, to and for the Ufe of His Majefty as aforefaid, as by the >ale thereof will, in the Judgment of the faid Commiffioner, raife a Efficient Sum. or Sums of Money to defray and difeharge all the Lofts, Charges and Expences of obtaining and paffing this A&, and 19 fhall be incident to and attending the preparing and enrolling the Taid Award to be made by the faid Commiffioners as aforefaid, and )f furreying, admeafuring, planning, valuing, dividing, fencing and Plotting the Lands and Grounds to be divided, fenced, allotted md inciofed for the Benefit of His Majefty, by virtue of this A& 5 and all the Charges of the faid Two Commiffioners, their Afieflors,

Clerks, Affiftants and Servants, and the Umpire (if any (hall be appointed), and all the other necefiary Expences of the feveral Perfons to be employed by the faid Commiffioners in and about the fame; and ail the Expences of forming, completing and repairing the Public Carriage Roads and Highways to be fet out by the laid Commiffioners as aforefaid; and all other Expences of carrying this Aft into Execntion, fo far as relate to any Allotment to be made to His Majefty as aforefaid ; and fo much and fuch Parts of the faid Open and Wafte Land fo to be allotted to His Majefty, as (hall be necefiary to defray the faid feveral Cofts, Charges and Expences, and which (hall be fo marked and fet out as aforefaid, (haU be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid ; and all fuch Sales fhall be made, and the Confi-deration Monies for the fame be paid in the manner, and by and under the fame Authorities, Rules, and Regulations as are mentioned and preferibed in and by the faid A61 pafled in the Fifty fecond Year 51 G. 3. c.161. of the Reign of His prefent Majefty hereinbefore mentioned, touching the Sales thereby authorized or direfted to be made, or as near thereto as circumftancee will permit; and when audio foon as the

Money



704	U. 158.	53°	GEU. 111.	A.D.1813.

Money arifing from fuch Sale or Sales (hall have been paid in manner aforefaid, the fame (hall be applied for the Purpofe of defraying fuch Cofts, Charges and Expences as aforefaid, at fuch time and times and in fuch manner as the Lords Commiffioners of Hit Mz-jetty’s Treafury or any Three or more of them (hall from time to time under their Hands direft or appoint; and fuch Parts of the (aid Open and Watte Land as (hall be fold for the Purpofes aforefaid, and for which the Confideration Money (hall be paid in manner 3foit. faid, (hall from thenceforth be vetted in the Purchafer or Purcbafcrs thereof, and his, her and their refpe^ive Heirs and Affigns for c?er in Fee Simple, and be thenceforth held in Severalty by fuch Par-chafer or Purchafers thereof, his, her and their Heirs andAffigas for ever.

Appointment*	XLVI I. And be it further enafted, That immediately after the

a	Uivifion an(J Allotments of the faid Watte Lands (hall be fet oot,

ceafe, and Com-	aU°tte<l and confirmed to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succefion,

penfation made under the Authority of this Aft, all and every Letters Patent sad to Lord War-	Grants by way of Appointment, and all and every Warrant and Wir.

den, kc.	rants under the Sign Manual of the Lord Warden of the faid Forefi,

or any other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, of any Offices, Bailiwicks, Walks and Lodges in the faid Forett, and all Salaries, Gratuities aad Fees, payable or allowed in refpeft of the fame, (hall thenceforth ceafe, end and determine ; and Compenfation and Satisfaftioo (hall . be made to the Lieutenant or Lord Warden and Deputy Lieote-nant, and to the feveral Rangers, Head Keepers, Steward aad other Officers in the faid Forett (whether holding Lodges and Land within the faid Forett by virtue of their feveral Offices or not) in Confideration of the Ceffation of their faid feveral Offices, and their relinquifhing and giving up the Poffeffion of the faid Lodges and Land refpeftively, and all Claim and lntereft therein or thereto, under any Grant, Letters Patent, or Appointment or Warrant as aforefaid ; which Compenfation and Satisfaftion (hall in every diftinft and feparate cafe be referred to and ascertained by the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or any Three or more of them, or by fuch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall for that Purpofe nominate and appoint on the Part of His Majefty, and by fuch indifferent Perfon as (hall be nominated and appointed on the Part of each and every Officer of the faid Forett interefted or concerned in the Pre-mifes, and who are hereby empowered to fend for Perfons and Papers, and to examine the Parties and Witneffes upon Oath if neceflary (which Oath any One of the faid Lords Commiffioners, or the Perfon fo to be nominated as aforefaid, is hereby authorized aad empowered to adminifter) ; provided that in cafe any Difference of Opinion fhall arife on any Matter or Queftion touching or concerning fuch Compenfation or Satisfaftion to be made as hereinbefore direfted, then the faid Referee (hall from time to time forthwith no-minate and appoint any proper and competent Perfon or Perfons to aft as an Umpire or Umpires concerning the Premifes; to whom all and every fuch Differences (hall be referred, and whofe JudgmeDtaud Determination therein (hall be final, binding and conclufire, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

No Gamekeeper XLVIII. And be it further enafted. That no Gamekeeper or Allot m^ntTto" Underkeeper whatfoever, appointed by or afting under the Authority Lords of Manors,	Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors, (hall at any time after the

&c.	paflfog

X

 XiOOQLe

U.I58.

A.LMSI3.

53° ueu. ill.

7<f$

palling of this A&, be authorized or privileged to kill Game, of any Description whatever, in any of the Lands now the Property of or to be allotted to Lords of Manors, Owners of Soil, and other Perfons having Rights of Common within the laid Fored as aforefaid.

XL1X. Ai.d be it further enabled. That, from and after the NoPerfon,with-pafTing of this A 61. no Perfon or Perfons whomfoever (hall have, ex- out Confenr,to

Ul Cl	^

fo to be vc	^	^	AiwHiwmii

Game therein, or for the Hunting, Courling or Deftru&ion of any Kind of Game or Beads of Chafe, or Warren, without the Special Licence and Authority of His Majedy, his Heirs and Succeffors.

4 L. And whereas there are within the faid feveral Parifhes of

* New Wind for, Old Windfor, Clewer, Winkjield, Sunninghill, Bin-

*	Jieldy Finch ampjlcad, Bark ham, Wokingham and Swallowjield, and 4 the Liberties of Newland and Winnerjh in Hurjl, or fome of them,

*	over and befides the faid Open Wade Ground to be divided, allotted 4 and inclofed as aforefaid, divers Open and Common Fields and

*	Commonable Lands and Wafte Grounds: And whereas the King’s

*	Moll Excellent Majedy, the faid Mayor, Bailiffs and Burgeffes, the

*	Honourable Laura Feppel and divers other Perfons, are the Owners 4 and Proprietors of Meffuages, Lauds and Tenements within the 4 faid Parifh of New Wind/or, and the faid Hamlet of Dcdworth, in 4 the Parifh lad mentioned, and as fuch are refpe&ively entitled to

*	Right of Common and other Intereds in, upon and over the Open 4 and Commonable Lands and Wade Grounds of the faid Parifh :

*	And whereas the King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, the faid Henry 4 Powney IJherwood, Laura Keppel, John St urges, Henry Broad head,

4 John Martin Leake, Efquires, and divers other Perfons, are the 4 Owners and Proprietors of Meffuages, Lands and Tenements within 4 the faid Parifh of Old Windfor9 and as fuch are refpe&ively entitled 4 to Right of Common and other Intereds in, upon and over the 4 Open and Commonable Lands and Wade Grounds of the laid

*	Pari(h: And whereas the Right Honourable William Earl Har-

* court, the faid Arthur Vanfittart, Laura Keppel, William Dawfon,

*	Richard Fojler, Efquires, and divers other Perfons, are the Owners

* and Proprietors of Meffuages, Lands and Tenements within the

* faid Parifh of Clewer, and as fuch are refpe&ively entitled to

*	Right of Common and other Intereds in, upon and over the Open 4 and Commonable Lands and Wade Grounds of the faid Parifh:

*	And whereas the King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, Stanlake Batfon 4 Efquire, the faid Mader, Fellows and Scholars of Saint Jobn9s 4 College Cambridge, William Blane, Daniel Hgace, Efquires, and

*	divers other Perfons, are the Owners and Proprietors of Meffuages,

4 Lands and Tenements within the faid Parifh of Winkjieldy and as

*	fuch are refpe&ively entitled to Right of Common and other In-4 tereds in, upon and over the Open and Commonable Lands and 4 Wade Grounds of the faid Parifh: And whereas the faid George 4 Simfon and George Henry Crutchley, and the faid Mader, Fellows 4 and Scholars of Saint John's College Cambridge, and divers other 4 Perfons, are the Owners and Proprietors of Meffuages, Lands and 9 Tenements within the faid Parifh of Sunninghill9 and as fuch are 4 refpe&ively entitled to Right of Common and other Intereds in,

4 upon and over the Open and Commonable Lands and Wade 4 Grounds of the faid Parifh; And whereas the laid George Henry

crcife or ei

4 Crutchley,





166	C.ij8.	53t,GEO,III.	A.D.1813.

4 Crutcbley, George Henry Elliott, William Lucas, Efquires, and

*	divers other Perions, are the Owners a*rd Proprietors of Mcffuages, 4 Land and Tenements within the faid Parifh of Binjield, and as fuch 4 are refpedively entitled to Right of Common and other Interefts ic, 4 upon and over the Open and Commonable Lands and Wafte 4 Grounds within the faid Parifh : And whereas Charles Fyjbe Palmer 4 Efquire, and Henry Hellis Saint Jobny and divers other Perfons, 4 are tbe Owners and Proprietors of Mefluages, Lands and Tene-4 ments within the faid Parifh of Fincbamp/lead, and as fuch are re-

*	fpetti vely entitled to Right of Common and other Interefts in, upon 4 and over the Open and Commonable Lands and Wafte Grounds of 4 the faid Parifh : And whereas the faid John Levefon Gower, Peter

*	Green Efquire, and divers other Perfons are the Owners and Pro-4 prietors of Mefluages, Lands and Tenements within the faid Parifh 4 of Bartkam, and as fuch are refpe&ively entitled to Right of 4 Common and other Interefts in, upon and over the Open and Com-4 monable Lands and Watte Grounds within the faid Parifh : And 4 whereas the faid Charles Fyfbe Palmer and John Roberts, and 4 divers other Perfons, are the Owners and Proprietors of Mefltn^es, 4 Lands and Tenements within the faid Parifh of Wohingbam, and as 4 fuch are refpe&ively entitled to Right of Common and other Ic-4 terefts in, upon and over the Open and Commonable Lands aid 4 Wafte Grounds within the faid Parifh: And whereas Sir Samuel 4 Fludyer Baronet, John Symonds Efquire, and divers other Perfons, 4 are the Owners and Proprietors of Mefluages, Lands and Tenements 4 within the faid Liberty of Newland, ia the faid Parifh of Hurjl, and 4 as fuch arc refpe&ively entitled to Right of Common and other In* 4 terefts in, upon and over the Open and Commonable Lauds and 4 Wafte Grounds within the faid Liberty: And whereas tbe faid 4 John Levefon Gower, Charles Garth Colleton, Charles Sim ends, 4 Efquires, and divers other Perfons, are the Owners and Proprietors 4 of Mefluages, Lands and Tenements within the Liberty of IVinnerfh, 4 in the faid Parifh of Hurjl, and as fuch are refpcdtively entitled to 4 Right of Common and other Interefts in, upon and over the Open 4 and Commonable Lands and Wafte Grounds within the faid Li. 4 berty : And whereas the faid limothy Hare Earlef Edward Sle~ 4 phenfon Efquire, and divers other Perfons, are the Owners and Pro. 4 prietors of Mefluages, Lands and Tenements within the faid Parifli 4 of SwaUowfieldy and as fuch are refpettively entitled to Right of 4 Common and other Interefts in, upon and over the Open and 4 Commonable Lands and Wafte Grounds within the faid Parifli;

41 G.3. (U.K) « And whereas an A61 was pafied in the Forty firft Year of the c- *°4 Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for confoRdating is 4 One A3 certain Provifions ufually infer ted in A8s of Inch Jure* axl 4 for facilitating tbe Mode of proving tbe feveral Facts ufually require! 4 on tbe pafftng of fuch A3s ; And whereas the faid Open and Wafte 4 Ground, Common Fields and Commonable Lands in the faid fevenl 4 Parifhes and Liberties of New W'mdfor, Old Windfor, CUwer, 4 Winhjitld, Sunninghill, Binjield, Finchampfleady Barkbam, tVohirg-4 ham> Swallowfieldy Newland and W'tnnerjby are in their pref nt 4 State incapable of any confiderable Improvement, and it would 4 be advantageous to the feveral Lords of Manors, Proprietors and 4 other Perfons ioterefted therein, if the fame refpe&ively were di« 4 vided and indofed, and fpecific Parts and Shares thereof allotted to

4 and

 LjOoq le

A.D.1813.

53° GEO.III.

C.158.

7^7

9 and amongft fuch Lords of Manors and Proprietors of E dates in

*	the faid feveral Parities and liberties refpedively,' and other Per-

*	Tons iuterefted therein, according to their feveral and refpedive Pro-

*	pertics, Rights aiid Interefts ;* Be it therefore enadted, That all the AlJ °PP*» faid Open Wade Grounds, Commpn Fields and Commonable Lands,

within the faid feveral and refpedive Parishes and Liberties of New ^in;hin y* fViudfor, Old Windfor, Clewer, IVinkfeld, Sunning bill, Binfeld, Fir.> p41ls as fh.ll be ebampfiead, Barkham, Wokingham, Swallowfeld, NewlanJ and /s'iji* allotted to His (fave and except fuch Parts thereof as are hereinbefore dire&ed M.je(ly,tobe to be allotted unto and for His Majefty as aforefaid), fhall, as foon as conveniently may be after the palling of this Ad, he divided, allotted and inclofed, in the manner, and fubjed to the Rules, Orders, Directions and Regulations mentioned and contained in the faid recited Ad of the Forty firft Year of His prefent Majefty (except in fuch cafes where the fame are hereby altered or varied) and as liereinafter *enaded and mentioned; and for which Purpofe, that James Fangoin ComraiflSoneis. of New Windfor aforefaid, Gentleman, and his Succeflors, to be eleded in the manner hereinafter mentioned, fhall be and he is hereby appointed the foie Commiflioner for dividing, allotting and iuclofiug the faid Open aud Waftc Ground and Commonable Lands within the Parifh of New Windfor and Hamlet of Dedworlb aforefaid $ that Thomas Wyatt of IVargrave, in the faid County, Gentleman, and his SuccefTors, to be eleded in the manner hereinafter mentioned, fhall be and he 13 hereby appointed the foie Commiflioner for dividing, allotting and inclofing the faid Open and Wade Ground, Common Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Parifh of Old Windfor aforefaid j that George Smallpiece of Stoke, next Guildford, in the County of Surry, Gentleman, and his SuccefTors, to be elected in the manner hereinafter mentioned, fhall be and he is hereby appointed the Cole Commiflioner for dividing, allotting and inclofing the laid Open Waftc Ground, Common Fields and Commonable Lands witliin the Parilh of Clewer aforefaid; that the faid John Davis, and his SuccefTorf, to be eleded in the manner hereinafter mentioned, fhall be and he is hereby appointed the foie Commiflioner for dividing, allotting and inclofing the faid Open and Wafte Ground, Common Fields and Commonable Lands within the Parilh of Winkjield aforefaid 5 that the faid George Smallpiece, and his SuccefTors, to be eleded in the manner hereinafter mentioned, fhall be and he is hereby appointed the foie Com-miflioner for dividing, allotting and inclofing the faid Open and Wafte Ground and Commonable Lands within the Parifh of Sunninghlli aforefaid ; that Richard Crabtree of Wokingham, in the faid County of Berks, Gentleman, and his SuccefTors, to be eleded in the manner hereinafter mentioned, fhall be and lie is hereby appointed the foie Commiflioner for dividing, allotting and inclofing the faid Open and Wafte Ground, Common Fields and Commonable Lands within the Parifh of £ inf eld aforefaid ; that John Trumper of liar efeld, in the County of Middlefex, Gentleman, and his SuccefTors, to be eleded in the manner hereinafter mentioned, fhall be and he is hereby appointed the foie Commiflioner for dividing, allotting and incloiing the faid Open and Waftc Ground and Commonable Lands within the Parifh of Swallowfeld aforefaid; that the faid George Smallpiece and Richard Crabtree, and their SuccefTors, to be eleded in the manner hereinafter mentioned, fhall be and they are hereby Appointed the Commiflioners for dividing, allotting and incloiing the laid Open and

Wafte

 CjOOQle

7 6*	C. 158.	530	GEO.	III.	A.D.1813.

Wade Ground, Common Fields and Commonable Lands within the Parifti of Finchampjlead aforefaid 5 that the faid Richard Crabtreet and his Succeflbrs, to be elected in the manner hereinafter mentioned, (hall be and he is hereby appointed the foie Commillioner for dividing, allotting and inclofing the faid Open and Wafle Ground, Common Fields and Commonable Lands within the Parifti of Barkham aforefaid ; that the faid George Smallpiece, and his Succeflbrs, to be ele&ed in the manner hereinafter mentioned, ftiall be and he is hereby appointed the 'foie Commiffioner for dividing, allotting and inclofing the faid Open and Wade Grounds, Common Fields and Commonable Lands within the Parifti of Wokingham aforefaid; that the faid George Smallpiece, and his Succeflbrs, to be cleded in the manner hereinafter mentioned, (hall be and he is hereby appointed the foie Commifiioner for dividing, allotting and inclofing the faid Open and Wafle Grounds and Commonable Lands within the Liberty of AT®. land aforefaid; and that Richard Davis of the Grove near Stolen Church, in the County of Oxford, Gentleman, and his Succeflbrs, to be eleded in the manner hereinafter mentioned, (hall be and be is hereby appointed the foie Commiffioner for dividing, allotting and inclofing the. faid Open and Wafle Ground and Commonable Lands within the Liberty of Winnerjh aforefaid; and for putting fo much of this Ad and the faid recited Ad in Execution, as is not herein otherwife fpecially provided for and enaded.

New Commif- LI. And be it further enaded, That in cafe any or either of the fioners eleded faid Commiffioners for the faid Pariflies or Liberties, or their Sue-m cafe of Death. cefl*org> to fa eleded in the manner hereinafter mentioned, (hall happen to die, or negled, decline or become incapable to ad,Jorthe Space of Two Calendar Months, before the Execution of all the Powers hereby vefted in them, then the furviving or a&ing Com-miffioner in tliofc Parifties where Two Commiffioners (hall be appointed, (hall not proceed further in the Execution of this Ad, until another Commiffioner (hall be duly appointed in manner hereinafter direded; and that in every cafe where One Commiffioner only /ball be appointed, it (hall and may be lawful to and for a Majority in Value of the Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the (aid feveial and refpedive Pariflies and Liberties of New Windfor, Old IVindfor, Cletver, Winkjield, Sunning bill9 B infield. Finchampjlead, Barkham, Wokingham, Swaliowf eld, Newland and Winnerjh (to be afeertained by the Affeffments for the Land Tax in the faid feveral Pariflies and Liberties refpedively), or their Agents, duly authorized under their Hands, to appoint fuch other Perfon or Perfons to be a Com-miffioner or Commiffioners in the room of any or either of fuch Commiffioner or Commiffioners fo dying, or refufing, declining or becoming incapable to ad as aforefaid 5 and for that Purpofe the furviving or ading Commiffioner, in all cafes where there (hall be Two Commiffioners, (hall and he is hereby required, immediately after focb Death, Refufal or Incapacity of the faid other Commiflioner or Commiffioners, to caufe Notice thereof, in Writing, to be affixed on the Principal Doors of the Churches of the feveral and refpeflive Parifties aforefaid, where any Vacancy of a Commiffioner (hall happen from any of the Caufes aforefaid, upon a Sunday, before Divine Service, and to be inferted in the Newfpapers called The Windfor Exprefs and Reading Mercury (if then printed), or otherwife, in fomeother Newf-paper ufually circulated in the faid County of Berks, at lead Fourteen 13	Days



A.D.i8i3‘	53°GEO.	DLL	C.158.

Says before fuch intended Meeting, and which Meetings, they are hereby authorized and empowered to appoint accordingly; and in cafe of a Vacancy of a Commiffioner in any of the faid rarifhes or Liberties where only One Commiffioner (hall be appointed, fuch Notice for the Appointment of a new Commiflioner or Commiffioners as hereinbefore directed, (hall and may be given by any Per. fon interefled in the Inclofure, within all or any of the faid Parities refpeftively, and fuch Commiffioner or Commiffioners refpeftively, fhall be invefted with and have the fame Powers and Authorities for carrying this and the faid recited Ad into Execution, as if be or they had been originally nominated and appointed a Commiffioner or Gom-iniffioners in and by this Ad.

LI I. Provided always, and be it farther enaded, That wherever Umpire np-there are Two Commiffioners named and appointed for any one or pointed, either of the faid Pariihes, and fuch Two Commiffioners (hall differ or difagree in Opinion touching or concerning any Matter or Thing to be done and performed in purluance of or by virtue of this or the faid recited Ad then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall be lawful for fuch T wo Commiffioners, with all convenient Speed after fuch Dif-agreement or Difference in Opinion, from time to time as often as the fame (hall happen, to refer the Matter thereof to fome Perfon or Perfons, to be named as Umpire, who (hall be eleded in the manner hereinafter mentioned, for fettling and determining fuch Difference or Difagreement between any fuch Two Commiffioners 5 and the Determination of fuch Umpire in the Pncmifes (hall be binding and conclnfive upon all Parties, fo far as the Determination of the faid Commiffioners is by the faid recited Ad or this A6t direded to be conclufive.

LI1I. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That no Perfon (hall be capable of ading as an Umpire in the Execution of this Ad, or the faid recited Ad, until he (hail have taken and fubferibed an Oath in the Form and to the Effed following; that is to fay,

*	T	do	fwear.	That	I	will faith* Oath.

*	fully, impartially and honeflly, according to the bell of my Skill € and Judgment, execute and perform the feveral Trulls, Powers

*	and Authorities invefted and repofed in me as an Umpire, by virtue

*	of an Ad gaffed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of King c George the Third, intituled An A8 {here infert tbelitle of tbit

*	A8~] according to Equity and good Conlcience, and without € Favour or Affedion, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Perfon or Per-

*	fons whomfoever.

* So help me God/

Which Oath fuch Two Commiffioners, or either of them, are and is hereby authorized and required to adminifter to the faid Umpire; and the Writing or Writings appointing every new Umpire (hall be added or annexed to and inrolled and deposited with the Award of the faid Commiffioners, and a Copy of the Inrolment thereof (hall be admitted as legal Evidence in all Courts and Places whatfoever.	*

LIV. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That in cafe any \racancie*by Perfon or Perfons who (hall be nominated and appointed an Umpire Death, Sec. «f by any fuch Two Commiffioners as aforefaid, by virtue of this Aft, Umpirslup* (hall die or refufe or negleft to aft as fuch Umpire within the Space Plicd* of Fourteen Days after Application made to him for . that Purpofe,

53 G&o. III.	3D	or



Commiflioners to give Notice •f their Sitting?

How other Notices given.

Commiflioners ' to determine Differences.

Commiflioners may award Colts.

C. 158.	53« GEO. III.	AJO.1813.

or (ball become incapable of ading in tbe Execution of this Ad, them and in every fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Two Commiflioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Writing under their Hands, to nominate and appoint any other Perfon (not interefted in the faid Divifions, Allotments and In* clofurcs refpedively) to be fuch Umpire as aforefaid, who (hall have fuch and the like Powers, and be fubjed to the fame Rules, Regulations and Reftri&ions, as tbe Perfon in whofe Room or Stead he (hall be fo nominated and appointed had or was fubjed or liable to.

LV. And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiilioner or Commiflioners for each of the faid Parifnes and Liberties refpedively • (hall and he and they is and are hereby required to give, or caufe to be given, public Notice in the Newfpapers called Tbe Wimdfor Em* preft and Reading McrcUry, or in fome Newfpaper or Newfpaper* printed or circulated within the faid County of Berks ; and alfo by Writing figned by him or them, affixed on the principal Door of the Church of the Parifh for which he or they is or are a Commiffioner or Commiflioners, on fome Sunday immediately before Divine Service, of the Time and Place of his or their firft and every other fubfequent Sitting for executing the Powers of the (aid recited Ad and this Ad, Ten Days at lead before every fuch Sitting (Sittings by Adjournment only excepted) and that all Sittings of tne (aid refpedive Commiflioners for the Purpofe of putting? this Ad in Execution, (hall be holden in the faid feveral and refpedive Parifltesand Liberties for which fuch Commiffioner or Commiflioners (hall be appointed re-fpedively, or within Six Miles thereof refpedively.

LVI. And be it further enaded, That all other Notices requifite or neceflary to be given by the refpedive Commiffiooers, (hall be given by Advertisement, to be inferted in the faid Newfpapers called Tbe Windfor Exprefs and Reading Mercury, or in caie the fame (hall not then be publifhed, then in fome other Newfpaper ufually circulated in the faid County of Befkt,

LVII. And be it further enaded, That if any Difpute or Difference (hall arife between any of the Parties that now are or (hall, before the making of the Award of the faid Commiflioners for tbe faid Parifhes and Liberties refpedively, be interefted or claim to be interefted in the faid intended. Divifion and Allotments to tbe Lords of Manors and Proprietors of Eftates as aforefaid, or any of them, touching or concerning the refpedive Shares or Proportions which they or any of them (hall claim, or ought to Uaye in any of the Lands, and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and allotted, exclufive of the Allotments to His Majefty as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for tbe faid Commiflioners refpedively, within their refpedive Pari(hes, and they are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this Ad contained (hall authorize the faid Commiflioners to determine the Title to any Mefluages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments whatsoever.

LVII I. And be it further enaded, That in cafe the faid Com-miflioners, fo appointed or to be appointed for the faid PariJhes and Liberties refpedively, (hall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Objedion, to be delivered to them in purfuance of this or the faid recited Ad, fee Caufe to award any Cofts, it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners refpedively and they are hereby

empowered,



77i

A.D. 1^13.	53*	GEO.	III.	C.	158.

empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpofe, to fettle, aflefs and award fuch Coils and Charges as they or he (hall think reafonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whofe Favour the Determination of the faid Commiilioners (hall be paid f, by the Perfon or Perfons whofe Claim or ObjeCion fhall be thereby dif-allowed or over-ruled ; and in cafe the Perfon or Perfons who (hall be liable to pay fuch Cofts and Charges, fhall neglect or refufe to pay the fame on Demand, then and in fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, direCed to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, to caufe fuch Cods to be levied in due Form of Law, by Dillrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Per-fbn and Perfons fo negleding or refufing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any), upon Demand, to the Perfon or Perfons whom Goods and Chattels fhall have been didrained and fold, after deducing the Cods and Charges attending fuch Didrefs and Sale.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further coaCed, That if any Perfon or Perfons making any Claim or Claims to any Lands or Hereditaments intended to be divided or affeCed by this AC, or any

a bis or Intereds therein, or objeCing to any fuch Claim or Claims, be diffatisfied with the Determination of the faid Commiffioners or Umpire, for the faid Parifhes and Liberties refpeCively, and fhall be defirous of having fuch Claim or. Claims, Rights and Intered, re-fpedively tried at Law, and the Perfon or Perfons fo defirous of having the fame tried at Law, fhall by themfelves or their refpeCive Stewards, Receivers, Attomies or Agents, give or caufe to be given Notice thereof in Writing to the faid Commiilioners fo appointed or to be appointed, for the faid Parifhes and Liberties refpeCively as aforefiud, or either of them, within Two Calendar Months next after f6ch Determination (hall have been fo made by the faid Com-miflioners or Umpire (of which Notice the faid Commiilioners art hereby required immediately on Receipt thereof, or as foon as conveniently may be, to give Information to the adverfe Party or Parties, or his or their refpeCive Stewards, Receivers, Attornies or Agents, by Writing under their refpeCive Hands, to be delivered to or left at the uuial Place of Abode of fuch Party or Parties, Stewards, Receivers, Attornies or Agents as aforefaid) ; then, but not afterwards, it fhall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons giving fuch Notice as aforefaid, their refpeCive Heirs,* SuccefTors and Affigns, and he, (he or they is and are hereby required to proceed to a Trial or Trials at Law refpeCing fuch Claim or Claims, Rights or Interefts as aforefaid, at the then next or the following Affixes to be holden for the faid County of Berks, in a feigned ACion or ACions for that Purpofe to be commenced by the Perfon or Perfons giving fuch Notice as aforefaid, againit any Perfon or Perfons in-terefted in the (aid Diviiion and Iuclofure, who (hall make fuch ObjeCion or ObjeCions within Two Calendar Months next after fuch Notice lhall be given to the faid refpeCive Commiffioners1 as aforefaid; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch ACion or ACions (hall forthwith name an Attorney or Attorneys, who (hall file Common Bail, or appear ahd accept One or more Iflue or IfTues, whereby all fuch Claim or Claims, and Rights and Intereds may be properly tried and determined, fuch Iffuc or KTues to be fettled by the proper Officer of the Court wherein fuch ACion (hall

3 D 2	be

f Sic.

Dillrefs.

Power to try disputed Claims at Lavr.

 CjOOQle

77*

C.I5®*	$3®	GEO.	HI;	AD.	1813.

be brought, if the Parties differ about the fame; and the VerdiA or Verdi&s which fhall be given in fuch A&ion or A&ious Hull be final and conclufive to all rerfons whomfoever, unlefs the Court wherein fuch A&ion or Adions (hail be brought (hall fet afide fuch Verdid or Verdids and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it fhall be lawful for the Court to do, as is ufnal in other cafes ; and after any Verdid or Verdids fhall have been obtained, and not fet afide by the Court, the faid Commiffioners fhall and they are hereby authorized and required to conform thereto; but if no fuch Adion or Adions at Law fnall be brought or commenced by the Perfon or Perfons giving fuch Notice as aforefaid, or if fuch Adion or Adions fhall not be proceeded in and brought to t Trial or Trials at the Firft Affizes which fhall be holden for the County of Berks, after the Expiration of Thirty Days from the Day of giving fuch Notice, by or on account of the NegleA or Default of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, then and in fuch cafe the Determination of the Commiffioners or Umpire fhall be final, binding and conclufive unto and upon all Parties whomfoever: Provided alfo, that if any of the Parties in any Adion or Adions to be brought in purfuance of this Ad fhall die pending the fame, fuch Adion or Adions (hall not abate by reafon thereof, but fhall be proceeded in as if no fuch Event had happened*

How A&iont LX. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded. That if any Per. brought after fon or ptrfons in whofe Favour any fuch Determination as aforefaid Uwth of Parties fl^ll have been	and	againft	whom any Adion or AAiont

might have been brought if living, fhall die before any fuch Adion or Adions fhall have been brought 5 and before the Expiration of the time hereinbefore limited for bringing fuch Adion or AAiow, it fhall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who might have brought fuch Adion or Adions again ft the Perfon or Perfons fo dying, to bring the fame within the time fo limited as aforefaid againft fuch Perfon or Perfons is if adually living, and to ferve the Clerk of the £aid Commiffionrrs for the faid feveral Parifhes and Liberties refpedively with Notice of fuch Adion or Adions, in the fame manner r.s the Party or Parties might have been ferved therewith if living; and it (hall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or ^Jeirs, or other Perfon or Perfons who fhall claim the Benefit of fuch Determination as afore-faid, to appear and defend fuch Adion or Adions in the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons fo dead, and Proceedings fhall b« had therein, and in the fame manner, as if fuch Perfon or Perfon had been adually living; and the Rights of all Parties fhall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of fuch Adion or Adions.

<fem*mftioTTers LXI. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded. That nothingm not to dec ermine	contained fhall extend to enable the faid Commiffionen

fvrtffijrn° to ^ete,in^ne	between	any Lords of Manors or Pro-

prietors, contrary to the PolTeffion of fuch Lords of Manors and Proprietors; but that the faid Commiffioners (hall and they art hereby required (notwithftanding any difputed or contefted Title or Titles! to fet out, allot and award all and every Allotment of Land in Right of any Manors, Linds and Tenements unto and fof the Lords of Manors and other Proprietors refpedively, who may -—be in the a&ual Poffirffion of fuch Macor^, Lands aod Tenements,

is





773

-A.D.1813.	53°	GEO. III.	C.	158.

in refpeft whereof fuch Allotment or Allotments (hall be fo made as aforesaid.

LXir. And be it further enafted, That out of the Money which Allowance to lhall be raifed as hereinafter mentioned for defraying the Expences Commiflioners of caiTying this Aft into Execution, fo far as refpefts the dividing, Umpire, allotting and inclofing the Open Wafte Ground and Common Lands in the faid feveral and refpeftive Parifhes and Liberties aforefaid, there lhall be paid to each Commifhoner and Umpire, as a Recompence for his Pains and Trouble,the Sum of Three Pounds Three Shillings and no more, for each Day he (hall be attending in the Execution of this Aft or the faid recited Aft, and in travelling to and from fuch Meetings (including all Travelling Charges and Expences whatfoever, except the Money they (hall pay to the Servants, and for the Room or Rooms wherein fuch Meeting (hall be held).

LXIII. And, in order to Cave ail unneceflary Expences and Delay Authenticited in the Execution of this Aft or the faid recited Aft, be it further Survey*, &c. enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or alre?^,nJ**.8 Perfons having in his or their Cuftody or Pofleflion any aftual Sur- ma^ 6	*

veys, Maps or Plans of any Lands or Grounds within the faid re-fpeftive Parifhes, or any of them, to deliver fuch Surveys, Maps and Plans unto the faid Commiflioners for carrying this Aft and the faid recited Aft into Execution, at fuch time or times as the faid Com-njiflioners (hall appoint for that Purpofe: and that the faid Com-miflioners (hall thereupon enquire by the Oath as well of the Perfon or Perfons delivering fuch Surveys, Maps or Plans refpeftively, as of fuch other Perfon or Perfons as they (hall think fit (which Oaths they are hereby refpeftively authorized to adminifter) as to the Authenticity and Accuracy of every fuch Survey, Map and Plan 5 and iq all cafes where the faid Commiflioners (hall be fatisfied that fqch Surveys, Maps and Plans are authentic, and have been accurately made, and will anfwer the Purpofe of a New Survey (but not otherwife), they the faid Commiflioners (hall caufe the fame to be ufed in fuch manner as they (hall think proper for the Purpofes herein mentioned, inftead of making a new Admeafurement and Plan of the Lands and Grounds fo comprifed and deferibed in the Maps and Plans aforefaid ; and that the faid Commiflioners, out of the Monies to be raifed by virtue of this Aft, (hall make Satisfaftion to the Parties called before them for their Trouble and Attendance with the fame, as well as for the Copies that (hall be made thereof: Provided always, that in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons having the Poflef-(ion of any fuch Surveys, Maps or Plans, (hall refufe or negleft to produce the fame at fuch time or times as the faid Commiflioners (hall for that Purpofe appoint, then fuch Surveys, Maps or Plans (hall not at any time thereafter be received or admitted by the {aid Commiflioners.

LX1V. And be it further enafted, That, from and after the Firft Lands to UediT-Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, all and (in-gular the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments within the faid re« ipeftive Parifhes and Liberties (fave and except fuch Parts thereof refpeftively as are now or fhall or may become vefted in His Majcfty, or any Perfon or Perfons in Trull for Him by virtue hereof)

(hall be, and the fame i« and are hereby djfafforeRed to all Intents $md Purpofes whatfoever ; and that from thenceforth no Perfon or ferfoils flvdl be c^ueftioned or liable to any P*in, Penalty or Pupifh-

3 D 3	incut





774

C. 158.	53*GEO.	HI.	A.D.1813.

Commiffioners to extinguish Rights (if Common.

Turf, Gravel, Sec. not to be taken without .Licence of Commiihoncrf.

'Imprifoament.

ment for hunting, courfing, killing, deftroyiog or taking any Deer whatsoever within the fame, fave and except within fuch Part or Parts thereof (if any) as fhall be inclofed with Pales and kept for a Park or Parks by the Owners, Leffees or Tenants thereof.

LXV. And be it further enaded, That, from and after fuch time or times as the faid refpedive Commiffioners for the feveral Parilbes and Liberties aforefaid (hall dired by Writing under their refpediTe Hands, to be affixed on the principal Doors of the Parifh Churches of the faid feveral Pariffies, and to be publifhed in The JVindfor Exprefs and Reading Mercury (if then printed), or in fome other Newfpaper or Newfpapers ufually circulated in that Part of the Country, all Right of Common of Pafture and Turbary, of the faid Proprietors of Meffuages, Lands and Tenements, and all other Persons ititerefted therein, in and upon the feveral Allotments of the Commons and Wafte Lands within the faid refpedive Pariffies by this Ad directed to be fet out, allotted and awarded unto the Proprietors of Mefluages, Lands and Tenements, and Perfons trfpec-tively interefted therein as aforefaid (except as to any Allotment or Allotments to be fet out and allotted for the Ufe of the Poor in all or any of the refpedive Pariffies and Liberties aforefaid) (hall re-fpedively from thenceforth ceafe, determine and be for ever extin-guiflied.

LXVI. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfcn or Perfons after the palling of this Ad, and while the fame is carrying into Execution, (hall cut, dig or carry away any Gravel, Earth, Sand, Stone, Clay or any Turves, Furze, Fern or other Fuel in, upon or from the faid Commonable Grounds, Heath and Wafte Lands or any Part thereof, without the Licence of the faid laft mentioned Commiffioners refpedively firft had and obtained in Writing for that Purpofe (which Licence the faid Commiffioners refpedively are hereby empowered to grant), then and in every fuch cafe, upon Proof thereof made before any One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Berks, either by Confeffion of the Party or Parties offending, or upon the Oath of One credible Witnefs (which Oath fuch Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby empowered and required to adminifter), fuch'Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, direded to any Perfon or Perfons whomsoever, to caufe any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfoo or Perfons fo offending, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Perfon or Perfons whofe Goods and Chattels (hall have been fo diftrained and fold, after deducting the Cofts and Charges attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale ; and the Money fo to be levied as aforefaid (hall be applied towards defraying the Cofts and Charges of executing this Ad; and every Perfon (hall be allowed to give Evidence of fuch Offence, notwithftanding he or (he may be in-terefted in the Inclofure; and if fufficient Diftrefs (hall not be found, and fuch Penalty (hall not be forthwith paid, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to caufe fuch Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Corredion of the County, Riding or Diftrid, where



775

A.D.i8i3»	53*	GEO.	UL	C.158.

fuch Offender or Offenders (hall be convi&ed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding One Month for the Firft Offence, and for the Second and every other Offence of the fame Kind, for any time not exceeding Six Months nor lefs than Two Months, unfefs fuch Penalties or Fines, and all reafbnable Charges and Expences attending the fame, (hall be fooner paid and fatisfied.

LX VII. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid CommifHoners p*rifh Commif-for the faid feveral and refpe&ive Parilhes and Liberties (hall in their (ionen to ap-refpe&ive Parifhes and Liberties, asfoon after the palling of this A& point tnd fet out as they (hall refpedively think proper, and before he or they proceed Carriage to make any of the Allotments hereinafter directed, appoint and *' afeertain all fuch Public and Private Carriage Roads, Bridle Roads and Footpaths over the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclofed (and not hereinbefore allotted to His Majefly^, as they (hall refpe&ively judge neceffary (except any Roads herein fpecifically directed to be (lopped up or kept open], and all fuch Roads and Footpaths (hall be fet out by the laid refpeftive Commiflioners in the manner diredted by the (aid recited Ad paffed 41 G. 3. (U.K.) in the Forty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefly. c I09*

LXVIII. And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for Turning and the faid Commiflioners fo appointed or to be appointed for the faid ft°PFnS UP Pari (he 8 and Liberties refpedively, and they are hereby authorized oa 5 5 and empowered to turn, alter, (hut up or (top, and in and by their Award direded by the faid recited Ad to be made, order and dired to be turned, altered and difeontinued, fuch of the prefent old and accuftomed Roads, Highways, Lanes, and Footpaths or Ways leading through or over the old inclofed Lands or Tenements within the feveral Parifhes and Liberties afore faid (but fubjed neverthelefs to the Regulations contained in the faid recited Ad, refpeding the (lopping up of fuch Roads, and to the Provifions hereinafter contained refpeding fuch Roads, Lanes, Footpaths or Ways) 5 and that the faid Commiflioners (hall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to allot the Soil of and the Grafs and Herbage growing and renewing in and upon all and every fuch Roads, Lanes and Ways, fo to be (hut and ftemped, to and for the Ufe of fuch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall dired and appoint in or by their faid Award.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing Not to interfere herein contained (hall authorize fuch Commiflioner or Commiflioners with Roads, &c. to interfere with or give any Order or Diredion, or exercife any	to

Power in or about the turning, altering, (hutting up or flopping any	H,s Maje

of the Roads, Highways or Footpaths in any of the Allotments of the Wafte Lands to be made to His Majefly as aforefaid.

LXX. And be it further enaded. That when any of the Roads Part of Roads or any Branches of the Roads which are to be fet out, made or re-	certified

paired by fuch Commiflioner and Commiflioners (hall have been	“ ma	e*

iufficiently and effedually made and repaired, then any Two of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County of Berks (not in-tereflea in the Inclofure or Divifion) may and they are hereby required from time to time to certify the fame, without waiting for a Completion of the reft of the Roads to be made and repaired within any Parilh or Liberty; and from and immediately after any fuch Roads (hall be fo certified as aforefaid, the future Re-

3 D 4	pairs





77*

Cattle, Sheep, Ac. not to be depaftured in Roads.

Commiflioners may divert Streams aud Wait rcourfes.

C.158.	530	GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

pairs thereof (except as to the Roads which are to be kept in Repair by His Majefty) (hall be done by and at the Expence of the Occupiers of the Lands within the Parish or Liberty wherein fuch Road is fituate.

LXXI. And be it further ena&ed, That no Perfon or Perfons whomfoever fhall permit any Sort of Cattle, Beads, Sheep, Lambs or Swine, to graze in any of the Highways, Lanes or Paffages which the faid Commiflioners for the faid leverai Pariflies and Liberties (hall order or dire& to be laned off or fenced on both Sides* for the Space of Seven Years next after the flgning of the Award of the faid Com* mifiioners hereinafter mentioned, under a Penalty not exceeding Five Shillings for every Horfe, Bead, Sheep, Lamb or Swine found grazing thereon, to be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons who (hall take and impound the fame (which any Perfon or Perfons, are and is hereby authorized and empowered to do); which faid Penalty (hall* if not paid on Demand thereof being made of the Owner of any fuch Horfe, Bead, Sheep, Lamb or Swine, be recovered by Application and Complaint to any Juftice of the Peace for the faid County of Berks, not intereded in the faid Lands and Grounds, who is hereby authorized and required to fummon the Parties cQncemed, and examine into the Fadts by one or more Witnefs or Witneffes on Oath (which Oath the faid Judices are hereby empowered and required to adminider), and after fuch Summons and Examination (hall and may, if he fees juft Caufe, order the faid Penalty to be levied by Diftfefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Horfe, Bead* Sheep, Lamb pr Swine (hall belong, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner and Qwpers of fuch Goods and Chattels, after dedudung the Cods of fuch Summons^ Warrant, Diftrefs and Sale.

LXXII. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby refpe&ively empowered and required to direct, order and award any Streams of Water, Springs and Watercourfes, within the faid feveral and refpe&ive Parifties and Liberties, to be carried and conveyed in fuch Courfe, and through fuch Lands and Grounds, Parcels of the faid Lands hereby intended to be inclofed and divided (other than and except the laid Allotments fo to be made to His Majefty as aforefaid], as they in their Difcretion refpe&ively (hall think neceffary and proper for the Pur* pofes aforefaid j but that it (hall not be lawful for any Commiflionera under this A£t to divert, alter or change any fuch Stream, Spring or Watercourfe, or make any fuch new Drains, Cuts or Ditches, or lay out any fuch Drains, new Cuts and Ditches, through or over any of the faid Wades or Commons, or Lands to be allotted or divided under this A&; nor (hall any Perfon or Perfons to whom any Lands fhall be awarded and allotted under this Aft, make any fuch Drains, Cuts or Ditches, fo as to carry or throw the Water from any fuch new Inclofure9 upon any Lands or Grounds now inclofed or under Cultivation, fo as to injure the fame, or fo as to injure any Mill or JPiece of ornamental Water, or in any cafe in whiph the Rivers, Rivulets, Watercourfes, Drains. Cuts and Ditches, into which the Water from any fuch new Drains, Cuts or Ditches fjiall flow, (hall not be fufficient to carry off fuch Waters without any Injury to Lands now inclofed or under Cultivation, unlefs the faid Commiflioners or Perfon6 to whom any Lands may be awarded or

a	allotted

 CjOOQle

777

UX1813.	53*	GEO.	Ill,	C.	158.

illotted under this Ad, by the opening or clcanfing of any old Rivers,

Rivulets, Watercourfea, Drains or Ditches, or making any new Drains, Cuts or Ditches, with the Confent in Writing of the Perfon interefted in the Soil and Banks of fuch Rivers, Rivulets, Watercourfes, Drains or Ditches, and of the Owner and Occupier of the Lands or Grounds through which the fame run, can carry off fuch Water without Injury to the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands or Grounds now inclofed or in Cultivation, or which may be inclofed under the Provifions of this Ad : Provided always, that no fuch Stream, Spring or Watercourfe (hall be diverted or turned from pr into any inclofed Lands or Grounds without the Confent in Writing of the Owner or Owners thereof. •

LXXIII. And be it further enafted, That the faid feveral Com- Allotments foe miflioners for the refpedive Parifhes and Liberties aforefaid (hall, and they are hereby required to fet out, allot and award unto uor,B and for the feveral other Lords of the faid Manors refpedively for the time being, in lieu* of their refpedive Rights to the Soil of the refpedive Commons and Waftes within the faid Manors refpedively, fuch Parts and fp much of the refpedive Commons and Waftes within the faid Manors refpedively, and hereby direded to be inclofed, as in their Judgment fhall be equal to Two Thirty fecond Parts of the whole of fuch Commons and Waftes refpedively, for a full Compenfation for their refpedive Rights to the Soil of fuch Commons and Waftes refpedively as fuch Lords of the faid refpcc-tive Manors.

* LXXIV. And whereas the Matter and Poor Men (Sixteen in « Number) conftantly refiding and relieved in the Hofpital or f Almshoufe in the Parifh of Wokingham, heretofore founded and 4 endowed by Henry Lueat Efquire, have been ufually fupplied 4 with Fuel m their refpedive Apartments within the faid Hofpital

*	from the Commons and Heaths within the faid Parifh of Woking-

*	ham, although every Parifh in the Foreft has an alternate Right 4 of Presentation to the faid charitable Inftitution 5 and it is de-

*	firablc that feme Provifion fhall be made for the future Supply

4 of Fuel to the faid HofpitalBe it therefore enaded, That it Allotment to

fhall be lawfpl for the faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby au- Lucas’s Hoipital,

thorized and required to fet out and allot unto the Reverend Wokingham.

William B retainer y and his Succeffors, the Mafter and Chaplain of the

faid Hofpital or Almshoufe for the time being, Thirty Acres of

pleath or Wafte Land, fit and proper for Fuel within the faid Parifh

of Wokittghom i (Fifteen Acres whereof to be taken as Part of the

Allotment direded to be made to His Majefty as Compenfation for

Foreftal Rights, and the remaining Fifteen Acres from all the other

Perfons entitled to Right of Common in the faid Parifh, in fuch

Piece or Pieces as the faid Commiflioners fhall think fit;) and fuch

piece or Pieces of Land fo to be fet out to the faid William

Bretnner and his Succeffors as aforefaid fhall, on the Execution of

the Award of the faid Commiflioners, be yelled, in him the faid

William Bremner and his Succeffors, the Mafter and Chaplain of the

faid Hofpital or Alms-houfe for the time being, for ever, in Trult

for the Supply of Fuel for fuch Mafter and Chaplain, and of the

faid Poor Men who for the time being fhall refide and dwell in the

laid Hofpital, to be there ufed and confumed and not elfewhere.

LXXV. And

 L-ooQle

Allotments to LXXV. And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffionert Trufteet for (hall and they are hereby required to fet out and allot unto the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Panfh of Sunningbill, and their SuccefTors, Churchwardens - and Overfeers of the Poor for the time being, for ever, a certain Piece or Parcel of Wafte Land, lying and being within the faid Parifh called Sunningbill Bog, and containing by Admeasurement Ore hundred and twelve Acres; aud unto the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the Town and Parifh of Wokingham aforefaid, and their SuccefTors, Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor for the time being, for ever, fuch Parts of the Open and Wafte Landi within the faid Pariih of Wokingham as fhall contain in the whole Two Thirty fecond Parts thereof; and unto the Re&ors, Vican Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the refpe&ive other Parifhesand Liberties aforefaid, and their SuccefTors, Roftors, Vicar?, Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor, for the time being, for ever, fuch Parts of the Open and Wafte Lands in fuch of the faid feveral and refpe&ive Parifhes and Liberties where the fame can be fo conveniently fet out and allotted as fhall contain in the whole One Thirty fecond Part thereof in fuch Allotment and Proportions as the faid Commiflioners fhall deem fair and reasonable, as aod for and in lieu of the Right or Liberty of the Poor Inhabitants of the above mentioned Parifhes and Liberties refpe&ively, to cut, take and ufe Turves, Fern and other Fuel from the faid Common and Wafte Lands where fuch Right exifts, and fuch Parts of the faid Wale Lands as aforefaid fhall in the Execution of the Award of the faid Commiflioners be invefted in the Re&ors, Vicars, Churchwarden! and Overfeers of the Poor of the (aid feveral and refpe&ive Pariftes and Liberties aforefaid, and their SuccefTors for the time being, for ever, as Truflees for the Poor of the fame feveral Parifhes aod Liberties, and the Turves, Fern, and other Fuel arifing from the Lands fo to be allotted as aforefaid, fhall be cut, taken and ufed by fuch Poor Inhabitants of the aforefaid feveral Parifhes and Liberties refpe&ively, as fhall be legally fettled therein, and fhall 001 refpe&ively occupy Houfes, Lands or Tenements of more than the Yearly Value of Five Pounds, in fuch Quantities and at fuch time or times in each and every Year, under fuch Orders, Rulesand Regulations, and in fuch manner as the faid Tru flees for the time being, or the major Part of them, fhall from time to time diird or appoint 5 which faid Portions of Wafte Land fo to be allotted in

Trull for the Poor Inhabitants of the feveral Parifhes and Liberties aforefaid (except as to Sunninghill) fhall betaken, fet out and allotted by the faid Commiflioners from fuch Part or Parts of the faid Open and Wafte Lands in the faid feveral and refpedive Parifbci and Liberties, as fhall in their Judgment he the lead prejudicial to the Proprietors of MefTuages, Lands or Hereditaments therein refpedtively having Rights of Common or other Interefls in,#upos, from or out of the Open or Wafte Lands in the feveral and reipec-tive Parifhes aforefaid.

Tmftees may LXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That it m»keRegulations (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Troftees, or the major JorEnjojmmof Part 0f t|ieni> to make fuch Rules, Orders and Regulations for the oor otments. £nj0ymcnt Gf the fa*jd Right as to them fhall feem right and proper, and from time to time to alter, vary or repeal all fuch

Rules,

s

 LjOOQle

D. 1813*	53f	GEO. III.	C.	158.	779

ules, Orders and Regulations; and'all fuch Rules, Orders and Relations (hall be good, valid and effeftual, provided that the fame not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom lied Envlandy or inconfiftent with the ProviGons and Duties of this €t ; and it fhall and may be lawful to or for the Truflees or the ajor Part of them, to inflift fuch Penalties on any Perfon or Perns who fhall infringe or break fuch Rules, Orders or Regulations,

• any of them, by fufpending fuch Perfon or Perfons from the Te and Exercife of fuch Right and Enjoyment of Turbary from the id Proprietors of Common Land, for a time not exceeding Two ears ; and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons fhall, after having been > fufpended from the exerciGng of fuch Rights as aforefaid, enter pon the Premifes, and ufe and exercife the fame during the time lat he, fhe or they fhall be fo fufpended, reftrifted or prevented,

\at in any fuch cafe he, fhe or they fhall be deemed a wilful Tref-affer or TrefpafTers.

LXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it Truftees mty lall be lawful for the Reaors or Vicars of the faid Reftories or b7 Vicarages, Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the faid everal and refpeftive Parifhes and Liberties for the time being, to 61 in the Execution of the Truft hereby in them repofed by their \gents and Proxies refpeftively, fuch Agents or Proxies being ap->omted by Writing under the Hand or Hands of the Perfon or Perfons for whom iuch Agent or Proxies fhall aft, and producing uch his or their Appointment at the time of his or their afting by drtue thereof.

LXXV1I1. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That it fhall Power for ind may be lawful to and for the feveral Reftors, Vicars, Church- Truftees to grant wardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the faid feveral and refpec- 1<eafet* tive Parifhes and Liberties for the time being, Truftees as aforefaid (if they in their Difcretion fhall deem it expedient, and fhall be more conducive to the Interefts of the Poor of their faid feveral and re-fpeftive Parifhes and Liberties), or the major Part of them, and they are hereby empowered, from time to time, in Writing under their Hands and Seals, to leafe and demife the faid feveral and refpeftive Allotments to the Poor or fo much thereof, and in fuch Part or Parts as they fhall think proper, to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, for any Term of Years not exceeding Seven Years, fo as in every fuch Leafe there be referred and made payable to the faid Truflees of the faid feveral and refpe6tive Parifhes and Liberties, fo demiGng, or the major Part of them, by Two equal Half-yearly Payments in the Year, at the mofl improved yearly Rent or Rents that can be obtained for the Land thereby demifed, without taking any Fine or Premium for granting fuch Leafe or Leafes; and that in all fuch Leafes there be contained the ufual Covenants and Stipulations as the faid Truftees for the faid refpeftive Parifhes and Liberties, or the major Part of them, fhall thins: proper to be inferted therein 5 and the Rents and Profits arifing from fuch Allotment or Allotments fhall from time to time be laid out in the Purchafe of Coals or other Fuel; and fuch Coals or other Fuel fhall be fold and difpofed of unto andamongft the induftrious Poor Inhabitants of the faid feveral and refpeftive Parifhes and Liberties, who fhall occupy Lands or Tenements being lefs in Quantity than One Acre, at a Price not exceeding One Moiety of the Coft or original Price thereof, in fuch

Proportions





C. 158.

530 GEO. III.

A.D.i8r3*

Proportions and Quantities, and at fuch times in the Year, and according to fuch Rules and Regulations, as the (aid Truftees for the faid refpedive Parifhes and Liberties for the time being, or the major Part of them, (hall appoint and prefcribc for that Purpofe, and not otherwife; and all Sum and Sums of Money which (hall be received by the faid Truftees from fuch induftrious Poor Inhabitants of the hud refpedive Parifhes and Liberties, upon the Sale or Sales of fuch Coals or other Fuel as aforcfaid, (hall be by them the faid Truftees for the faid refpedive Pariflies and Liberties, or the major Part of them, from time to time again laid out and expended in the Purchafe of other Coals or other Fuel; and they are hereby required to appropriate the fame, and every Part thereof, for the Benefit of the laid Poor Inhabitants exclufivelv, in the manner hereinbefore direded, fo long as there (hall be Monies remaining applicable for that Purpofe.	,

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no Rules, Orders or Regulations to be made or done by the faid Redor, Vicar, Churchwardens and Overfcers of the Poor and their SuccefTors of the faid feveral and refpedive Parities and Liberties touching or refpeding the Purchafe, Sale and Diftribution of the made at a Vcftry faid Coals or other Fuel, in manner hereinbefore direded, (hall be

Orders ind Refutations for Purchafe, Sale end Diftribution of Coats or other Fuel, to he

Meeting'.

Allotments of Refiduc of Commons and Waites.

Allotments to Lordsof Manors in Right of Soil, not to aft<« their Rights as Proprietors.

binding or conclufive, unlefs the fame (hall be made or done at fome Meeting to be held in the Veftry Room belonging to the faid feveral Pariihes and Liberties refpedively, of which Ten Days’ previous Notice (hall be given to the faid Redor* and Vicars refpedively, by the faid Churchwardens and Overfecrs, and their Succeflors, or feme or one of them, or left for each Redor or Vicar refpedively at the Redory or Vicarage Houfe (except the faid Redory or Vicarage (hall be then vacant) ; and that all fuch Rules, Orders and Regulations /hall be decided by the Majority prefent at every fuch Meeting, at which the faid Redor or Vicar, or their refpedive Deputies (whom he is hereby authorized to name I if prefent, (hall confUntly prefide ; and in cafe of an Equality of Voices upon any QuefUoa under Difcuflion at any fuch Meeting, the faid Redor or Vicar, or his Deputy, if prefent, (hall have tne calling Voice.

LXXX. And be it further enaded/,That after fetting out public Drains, and public and private Roads and Highways (and Urarel Pits where requifite and pradicable for getting Materials for repairing the Roads and Highways) to be made over the faid Open Fields and Commons and Wafte Lands in the faid feveral and refpedive Parifhes and Liberties a fore faid, the faid Commiflioners for the faid feveral Parifhes and Liberties (hall and they are hereby required to fet out, allot and award unto and amongft the feveral Perfons io-tcrefted, the Refidue of the faid Commons and Waftc Lands in all and every of the Parifhes and Liberties aforefaid, in fuch Shares and Proportions as. the faid Commiflioners refpedively (hall adjudge and determine in Proportion and according to and in full Coir,pea fat ion and Satisfa&ion fpr their refpedive Eftates, Rights and Interefts therein refpedively, at the time of fetting out and making the faid Allotments refpedively.

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the

feveral Allotments hereinbefore directed to be made to the feveral

Lords of Manors as aforefaid, for and in lieu of their refpedive Rights

to the Soil of the refpedive Commons and Wafle Grounds in the *





£8 r

A.D.i8i3«	53* GEO. III.	C.158*

faid feveral Manors refpeftively, (hall not in any manner affeft or prejudice the refpeftive Rights of the faid feveral Lords of Manors as aforefaid, to their feveral and refpeftive proportional Allotments as Proprietors of or as being interefted in the faid Open Wafte Ground and Common Lands fo to be divided and inclofed, further than with refpeft to their feveral and refpeftive Rights to the foil of the feveral and refpeftive Commons and Waftes, for which Allotments are hereinbefore direfted to be fererally and refpeftively made.

LXXXII. Provided alfo, and be it farther enafted, That no Perfons not ea-Perfon or Perfons fhall be entitled to have or claim any Allotment or Allotments of the Common and Wafte Lands within the faid re-fpeftive Parifhes and Liberties in Right of any Encroachments that fhall or may have been made upon any Part or Parts of the faid Commons or Wafte Lands.

LXXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the Allotments fet faid feveral Allotments hereby direfted to be made of the Open and oul ^eforca Common Fields, Commonable Lands and Wafte Grounds within certain llin^ the faid feveral Parilhes and Liberties refpeftively, to His Majefty and the Lords of Manors and Proprietors of Eftates, and other Perfons having Intereft therein, by the faid Commiflioners refpeftively for carrying this Aft into Execution, fhall be fet out, allotted and awarded according to the Directions aforefaid, within the Space of Two Years next after fuch Allotments to His Majefty fhall be fet out and ascertained as aforefaid.

LXXXIV. And be it further enafted, That the faid refpeftive Quality «nd Commiflioners for the faid Parifhes and Liberties refpeftively, in Situation of Al-making the faid Divifions and Allotments refpeftively as aforefaid, fhall have a due Regard to the Quality and Situation as well as the 1 ere *

Suantity of the Lauds fo to be divided and allotted as aforefaid, and fo to the Conveniency of the Parties concerned, and fhall fet out the Part or Share of every Perfon refpeftively in one entire Plot or Parcel where the fame can he conveniently done, and as near to each particular Perfon’s Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments refpeftively, as conveniently may be, without Prejudice or Partiality to any of the Parties and Perfons interefted in the faid Divifion and Inclofure; but the Provifion hereby made fhall not authorize or empower the faid Commiflioners to make any Alteration in the fpecific Allotments hereinbefore direfted or authorized to be made to or for the Ufe of His Majefty* his Heirs or Succeflors, as aforefaid.

LXXXv. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That it IVvertoMl fhall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons entitled in Fee to any Commou Rights# Right of Common upon any of the Commonable Lands or Wafte.

Grounds hereby direfted to be divided and allotted, to fell and difpofe of his, her or their Right or Intereft in any fuch Rights, feparate and apart from the Property to which the fame are appurtenant 5 and the faid Commiflioners for the faid feveral Parifhes and Liberties refpeftively fhall award the Allotments to be made in lieu of fuch'

Rights fo fold and difpofed of, to the Purcbafers thereof refpec-tively, having received a Requeft in Writing fo to do, figned by the Proprietors or Owners of fuch Right in the Prefence of One or more credible Witnefa or Witneffesj any Law, Ufage or Cuftom	'

to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXXXVI. And be it further enafted, That all Lands and Allotments held Hereditaments which fhall be allowed by virtue of this or the faid under fame

recited A'cuurs u Pre-

 ^.ooQle

mifc* in refpeft of which fuch Allotment* were made.

Propric tors ra*y purchafe Trees upon their Allotments.

recited A6t to any Perfon or Perfons, (hall be held by fuch Ferfoo or Perfons under the fame Tenure, Rents, Cuftoros and Services as the MefTuages, Cottages, Lands and other Hereditaments, in refpedt of which fuch Allotments (hall be refpe&ively made or given, were refpe&ively held under or enjoyed by fuch Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid before the palling of this A&, or would have been held under and enjoyed by in cafe this Ad had not paflTed; and the feveral Lands and Hereditaments which lhall be allotted for any Freehold MefTuages or Cottages, Lands or Hereditaments, (hall be deemed Freehold, and fhall be held of the Lord or Lords of the Fee thereof, under the fame Rents or other Payments as the Freehold MefTuages, Cottages, Lands and Hereditaments for which they were allotted, were before that time held under; and the federal Lands and Hereditaments which fhall be allotted for any Copyhold or Cuftomary MefTuages, Cottages, Lands or Hereditaments, (hall in like manner be deemed Copyhold or Cuftomary Lands and Hereditaments, and fhall be held of the Lord or Lords of the Fee thereof, under the fame Rents and by the fame Cuftoms and Sendees as the Copyhold or Cuftomary MefTuages, Cottages, Lands and Hereditaments, for which they were To allotted were or ought to have been held under, and (hall pafs by the like Surrenders and Admittances as the Copyhold or Cuftomary MefTuages, Cottages, Lands and Hereditaments, in refpe£t whereof fuch Allotments fhall be made, do now pafs by ; and that all and every Perfon and Perfons to whom fuch Copyhold or Cuftomary Lands and Hereditaments (hall be allotted as aforefaid, may at any Court which fhall be holden for the Manor or Manors whereof fuch Copyhold or Cuftomary Lands and Hereditaments fhall be refpedtively holden, after the Execution of the Award of the faid Commiflioners refpedively, be admitted Tenant and Tenants to the fame without paying any Fine or other Charge to the Lord or Lords, or to the Steward or Stewards of the faid Manors (fave and except for the Stamp Duties and Parchment requifite to be ufed for tne Copies of fuch Admiflions refpedively, and the Cuftomary Fees to the Stewards of the faid Manors refpec-tively) ; but in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Copyhold or Cuftomary Lands and Hereditaments fhall be allotted, (hall die without Admiflion thereto, then the Cuftomary Fines and other Payments fhall be due and payable on the Admiffion of the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Copyhold or Cuftomary Lands and Hereditaments ; and after every fuch firft Admiflioo as aforefaid, the Copyhold or Cuftomary Lands and Hereditaments fo to be allotted as aforefaid, fhall at all times be held under and fubjeft to the fame Tenures, Fines and other Payments as the prefent Copyhold or Cuftomary MefTuages, Cottages, Lands and Hereditaments, in re. fpett whereof fuch Lands and Hereditaments were allotted, are now held under and are fubjeft to; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwit hftanding.

LXXXVII. And be it further ena&ed. That in cafe the feveral Perfons entitled to Allotments of the Waite Lands within the faid feveral and refpe&ive Parilhes and Liberties as aforefaid, or either of them, fhall be defirous of purchaling fuch Timber Trees and other Trees as fhall be the Property of His Maiefty, (landing, growing and being in or upon any of their faid Allotments, then and in every fuch cafe the Value of fuch Timber Trees and other

3	Tree*

 C^ooQle

A.D.1813.	53° GEO. HI.	C.158.	783

Trees (hall be ascertained and fettled by the Commiffioner or Com-mifEoners of the faid Parifhes refpcHively, and the Commiffioner hereinbefore appointed for and on Behalf of Hit Majefty; and in cafe the laid Commiflioners (hall not agree in their Opinion at to fuch Valuation, then it (hall be lawful for the faid Commif* iioners and they arc hereby authorized and required to refer and fubmit the fame to the Determination of fome indifferent Perfon to be chofen by them, and the Determination of fqph Perfon fo to be chofen and appointed by the faid Commiflioners, (hall as to fuch Valuation be binding and condufive, as well on the Part of Hit Majeily as of the Perfon or Perfons purchafing or agreeing to pur-chafe fuch Timber and other Trees as aforefaid ; and the Purchafe Money to be received for the fame (hall be paid to the Commiffionert of His Majefty't Woods, Foreftt and Land Revenue, or to the Surveyor General of Hit Majefty’s Woods and Forefts, for the time being, to be applied in manner hereinbefore mentioned.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enaHed, That the Lands and Allotments to Grounds fo to be allotted and awarded upon the faid Divifion and enure ,0 ^ua9, Inclofure, to and for the feveral Parties concerned, and the feveral Media get, Lands, Tenementi, Old Inclofures, new Allotments, and other Hereditaments, which (hall be exchanged by virtue or in purfuance of this All or of the faid recited Ad, lhall immediately after fuch Allotments and Exchanges are made, be, remain and enure, and the feveral Perfons to whom the fame (hall be re-* fpe&ively allotted or given in Exchange as aforefaid, (hall from thenceforth (land and be feifed or poffefled thereof to fuch and the fame Ufes, Eftates, Trufts and Purpofes, fubjed to fuch and the feme Wills, Settlements, Limitations, Powers, Remainders, Leafes (except Leafes at Rack Rent), Charges, Tenures, Rents, Services and Incumbrances, as the feveral and refpedive Meffuages, Lands,

Tenements, Old Inclofum, New Allotments or Exchanges, which /hall be refpedively made or taken as aforefaid, are now held under or fubjed or liable to be charged with or affeded by in cafe this Ad haa not been made. f

LXXXIX. Provided always, and be it enaded, That it (hall and prorifo for may be lawful to and for William Lucas E[quire, his Heirs and Waterworks of Affigns, and his and their Servants, Workmen and Artificers, from William Lucas time to time, and at all times hereafter, to have free Ingrefs, Egrefs E^uirc* and Regrefs into, from and upon fuch of the Wafte Lands to be divided and allotted within the faid Parifh of Binfield', through which the Water is conveyed from a Spring near the Windfor Forejl Turnpike Road, to the Dwelling Houle of him the faid William Lucax> and to dig, open and remove the Earth and Soil there, in fuch manner and as often as it (hall be neceffary for repairing or clean-ling' the Pipes by which fuch Water is conveyed through the fame Lands, he and they doing as little Damage as may be thereby, in fuch and the like manner as if this AH had not been pa(Ted.

XC. And be it further enaHed, That it (hall be lawful to and provifo for Ex-for the laid refpeHive Commiflioners of the feveral Pari(hes and changes and re-Liberties as aforefaid, to fet out, allot and award any Lands, moving Difabili-Tencments and -Hereditaments whatfoever, whereof any Perfon or Ue1,

Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, is or are feifed for any Eftates of Freehold or Inheritance, within either of the faid

Pariflies



784

frovifo*

Incumbents fiantiuj Lerfes.

Parifhes or Liberties, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments wbatfocver within any fuch Parifti, or within any adjoining Pariih, Liberty, Hamlet or Town-(hip; provided that all fuch Exchanges be ascertained, Specified and declared in the Award of the Said relpe&ive Commiilxoners, and that all Exchanges in purfuance of this A& be made with the Content of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which (hail be fo exchanged, whether fuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, (hall be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtefy of England, or with the Confent of the Guardians, Feoffees for Charitable and other Ules, Hufbands, Committees or Attornies of or a&ing for any fuch Proprietors or Owners as aforefaid, who at the time of making any fuch Exchange or Exchanges (hall be refpe&ively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Difability, or who (hall be beyond the Sea9, or other wife di fabled to aft for themfelves, himfelf or herfeif, fuch Confent to be certified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other confenting Parties refpe&ively ; and all and every foch Exchange or Exchanges fo to be made (hall be good, valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever: Provided always, that no Exchange (hall be made of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments held m Right of any Church, Chapel or other Ecclefiaftical Benefice, without the Confent of the Patron thereof, and the Bifhop of the Diocefe in which fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments fo to be exchanged (hall lie and be fituate, teftified by Writing under their Hands: Provided always, that all Cods, Charges and Expences attending the making any Exchanges or Partitions (hall be paid and borne by the levera! Perfons making fuch Exchanges or Partitions, in fuch manner and in fuch Proportions as the faid refpe&ive Commiffioners (hall by their refpe&ive Award order and dire&.

XCI. And be it hereby further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for all Re&qp, Vicars or other Incumbents of all Ecclefiaftical Benefices, with or without Cure of Souls, with the Content of the Patron, Ordinary and Diocefan of fuch Benefice, in nefped of any Allotments to be fet out to them refpe&ively in right of loch Benefices, by Indenture or Indentures, to be by them refpe&ively fealed and delivered in the Prefence of and attefted by Two or more reipe&able Witnefies, to grant One Leafe or Demife of all or asy Part or Parts of their faid refpe&ive Allotments to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, for any Term or Number of Years, not exceeding Fourteen Years from the Date of the Award to be made in purfuance of this A&, as hereinafter dire&ed, fo as no fuch Leafe be made without Impeachment of Wafte, by any exprefi Words to be therein contained; and fo as the Leflee or Leflee* in every fuch Leafe (hall and do at his 01 their own Cnfts and Charges make, keep up, fupport and maintain the Ring *nd Sub* divifion Fences belonging to .the fame Allotments reipe&ively, and every of them, during his or their Term therein; and fo as the Mode of Cultivation and Management of the Land be laid down and prescribed in every fuch Leafe, according to the bell and rooft

approved



A.D.1813.	53°	GEO,	III.	C.158.	785

approved Methods of Hu (ban dry, in the Parifh and Neighbour-hood where fuch Lands lie; and fo as fufficient Penalties be impofed on the Lefiees in cafe of Breach or Non-performance of any Covenants or Stipulations to be contained in fuch Leafes; and fo as the bell andmoft improved yearly Rent or Rents, according to the Judgment of the faid Commiffioner or Commiffioners, be referred and made payable thereon, without any Fine or Premium being taken by the Party granting fuch Leafe, or by any other Perfon or Persons whomfoever for making or granting the fame; and fo as the tifual Powers of Re-entry tor Non-payment of Rent be jnferted therein ; and fo as fuch LelTee or Leffees do feal, execute and deliver a Counterpart of every fuch Leafe.

XCII. And be it further ena&ed, That all the Allotments to be Leafes at Reck made of the faid Commonable Lands and Wafte Grounds by virtue of Rent vacated at this Ad (exdufive of the Allotments to be made to His Majcfty to Comoxiaa. as aforefaid), in refpedt of any Lands or Tenements held by Leafe or Leafes at Rack Rent ot for which Leafes no Fines are therein exprefled to have been paid to the Grantors or Leffors, as the Consideration for the fame, /hall be allotted to and held by the feveral Owners and Proprietors of fuch Lands and Tenements, freed and difeharged from all Right or Claim of fuch refpe&ive Lefiees to, in or upon the faid Allotments, or any Part thereof, to be derived under or by virtue of fuch Leafes ; and in cafe any of fuch Leffees Ihall think himfelf, herfelf or therafelves aggrieved thereby, and fuch Leffors and Leffees (hall "not fettle the fame to their mutual Satisfa&ion, then in every fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners for the faid refpe&ive Parilhei and Liberties in which the fame (hall happen, on Application to him or them made by either Patty, to take the Matters in queftion into their or his Confideratiou, and by his or their Order to make every fuch Leffee, for his, her and their Lofs of Commonage, or other Loffes by means of the faid Divifion, fuch a fair and adequate Allowance and Compenfation, either in Money to be paid down, or by way of Abatement or Redu&ion in the Rent by Inch Leafes refereed, as the faid Commiffioner or Commiffioners (hall think juft and eauitable.

XCIII. And be it further enafted, That, from and after the Provlfofor paffing of this A€t, until fuch Divifion and Allotment (hall be made as aforefaid, all the Tillage and other Lands lying in the faid Open Hu“,IudrT* and Common Fields of the faid feveral and refpc6tive Parifhes and Liberties aforefaid, by this A& direfted to be divided and allotted, fhall be cropped or fown by the Proprietors or Occupiers thereof, in fuch Proportions and Manner, and (hall be (locked with fuch Cattle or Sheep, and kept, ordered and continued in fuch Courfe of Hufbandry, as the faid Commiffioners for the faid feveral and refpec-trve Pariffies and Liberties (hall, by Writing under their refpe&ive Hands in that Behalf, from time to time order, dire& or appoint, if they or either of them (hall think proper to give any Order or Dire&ion concerning the fame 5 and that no Meadow, Pafture or Greenfward Ground, being Part of the Lands and Grounds by this AQt direfted to be divided, allotted and inclofed, (hall before the making of fuch Divifion and Allotment be ploughed, broken up or converted into Tillage ; and that it (hall be lawful for the faid Com-tniffioners for the bid feveral and refpe6tive ParHhei and Liberties, at 53 Gbq. III.	jE	any



 LjOOQle

78<S

C.158.

530 GEO. III.

AD.i8ij

Compcnfation for growiug Crops.

Diftrsfi.

any time before the making of the {aid Allotments, in cafe they or eitner or any of them (hall Judge it beneficial to the Proprietors, by a Notice or Notices in Writing under their refpe&ive Hands, to be affixed on the principal Outer Door of the feveral Churches of the refpe&ive Pari (he 8 aforef " r r ’	**	*rt	"	*

Lands or Grounds by this Afct directed to be divided, allotted and w-clofed; and fuch Rights of Common (hall be fufpended, or (hall ceafe and be for ever extinguifhed, according to fuch Notice or Notices.

XCIV. And be it further ena&ed, That the refpe&ive Com-mifiioners for the faid Pari files and Liberties refpe&ively (hall and may, by fomc Writing or Writings under their refpe&ive Hands, afcertain, order and appoint what Recompence and Satisfa&ion in Money (hall be paid to the Owner or Owners of any Crops growing on any Part of the faid Open and Common Fields at the time of making the (aid intended Divifion and Allotment, for the faid Crops, by the Ptrfon or Perfons to whom the Lands on which fuch Crops are growing (hall be allotted, unlefs fuch Owner or Owners (hall within the time to be appointed, by Writing under the Hands of the faid refpe&ive Commifiioners for that Purpole, declare his, her or their Intention to reap and take away the fame, and (hall have Permifiion from the faid Commifiioners refpe&ively fo to do; and in cafe of Nonpayment of fuch Recompence and Satisfa&ion in Money for fuch Crops, at the time and in the manner to be appointed by the (aid refpe&ive Commifiioners for that Purpofe, or in cafe of fucn Ele&km to reap and take away the fame, then it (hall be lawful for fuck Owner of fuch Crops, and his, her or their Servants, Workmen or Agents, to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds whereon fuch Crops (hall be growing, and to cut, reap and carry away the fame, and to difpofe thereof to his, her and their own Ufe ; and alfo that the faid refpe&ive Commiffioners (hall, by fome Writing or Writings under their refpe&ive Hands, afcertain, order and appoint what Recompence and Satisfa&ion (hall be paid, and to wbom, for the Standage of Crops, by fuch Owner or Owners ele&ing and having Permifiion from tne faid Commifiioners refpe&ively to take away the fame as aforefaid, and alfo what Satisfa&ion in Money (hap be paid, and by whom, to any Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of Land, within the (aid feveral Parifiies aforefaid, as wefl for ploughing, tilling and manuring of any Lands or Grounds, which (hall be allotted to fome other Perlon or Perfons for the Profit and Advantage which any Perfon or Perfons to whom the faid Grounds (hall be allotted will obtain thereby, as for any Lofs or l>amage which any fuch Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, (hall or may fuftam by means of the faid Divifion and Inclofure j and if is either or any of the faid cafes laft mentioned, fuch Recoxnpenoe and Satisfa&ion (hall not be made, at the time and in manner to be appointed by the faid Commifiioners refpe&ively, then the laid Com* mifiioners (hall and may, by any Warrant or Warrants under their refpe&ive Hands and Seals, dire&ed to any Perfon or Perfons whomsoever (and which Warrant or Warrants tney or either or any of them are and is hereby authorized and empowered to grant accordingly), caufe the fame to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods tad Chattels of the PerfQn or Perfons required to make inch Satiafa&km

the Rights of Common

aad



7^7

«A.D.i8i3*	53*GEO.IIL	C. 158.

and Recompence as aforefaid, together with the Cofts and Charges of fuch Di ft refs and Sale; rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of filch Goods and Chattels.

XCV. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That no Sheep or Sheep not to be Cattle (hall be depaftured on any of the Allotments to be made by ■virtue of this Aft, for the Space of Seven Years from the making of unlefcfenced, the faid Allotments, unlefs the Perfon or Perfons fo depafturing the fame (hall have well and effeftuallv fenced and guarded the Quick planted upon the adjoining Land ot any other Proprietor or Proprietors as a Divifion Fence, from the Land of the Perfon or Perfons fo depafturing with Sheep or Cattle as aforefaid.

XCVI. And be it further enafted, That the Cofts and Charges of Expences of and incident to the furveying, meafuring, planning, dividing, valuing Allotments to and allotting the faid lall mentioned Open and Common Fields and	ow

Commonable Land and Wafte Ground fo intended to be divided, 6 y allotted and inclofed, and of making the Public Roads, Drains,

Watercourfes and Bridges, to be fet out by virtue of this Aft and the faid recited Aft, and of preparing and enrolling the feveral Awards, and the Allowances to the feveral Commiflioners, Umpires and Clerks, and to the feveral Perfons to be employed by them either before or after the Execution of the faid refpeftive Awards, in or about or concerning the Execution of this Aft and the faid recited Aft, and not hereby otherwife provided for, (hall from time to time be borne, paid and defrayed by and at the Expence of all the faid Proprietors and Owners or other Perfons interefted, according to the Benefits derived under this Aft, in fuch Shares and Proportions, at fuch time or times, and to fuch Perfon or Perfons, as the faid feveral and refpeftive Com-miffioners (hall, by Writing under their Hands, to be affixed on the principal Outer Door of the feveral and refpeftive Pari(h Churches, at leaft Ten Days before the time of fuch Payment, order and direft.

XCVII. And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiflioners Such Expences refpeftively (hall and they are hereby authorized to fet out fuch Piece defrayed by Sales or Pieces, Parcel or Parcels, and Quantity of the Wafte Grounds within fuch of the faid feveral and refpeftive Parifties hereinbefore	\(	re.

named (when the major Part in value of the Proprietors in fuch quired. feveral and refpeftive Parifties, to be afeertained by the Land Tax Afleflment, (hall require them fo to do) as they (hall think proper, for railing Money by Sale thereof, in manner direfted by the faid recited Aft, to defray the Expences of carrying this Aft, fo far as relates to the feveral Allotments to be made to the feveral Proprietors of Eftates in the refpeftive Parifties aforefaid into Execution ; and in cafe any Surplus (hall remain, after all fuch Charges and Expences (hall have been fully paid and fatisfied, the fame (hall be divided and diftributed amongft the feveral Proprietors, according to their feveral and refpeftive Interefts therein : and the Shares of fuch of them as (hall be Tenants in Fee Simple (hall be .paid to them refpeftivelv ; and the Shares of fuch other Proprietors of and in fuch Surplus Money, (hall be applied and difpofed of in manner direfted by the faid redted Aft in thofe cafes where any Money is to be paid for the Purchafe or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon ; and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame Ufes; and that the fame Commiffioiiers (hall and they are hereby authorized and direfted to

3E2	fcU

 ^.ooQle

C. 158.	53'GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

Incapacitated Perlons allowed to fell for Expence*.

fell fuch Piece or Piece*, Parcel or Parcels, and Quantity of the Wafte Grounds fo by them fet out as aforcfaid, at the Time and Place appointed by them for that Purpofe ; and the Perfon or Perfons who ihall then and there offer the largeft Sum of Money for fuch Land, or any Piece or Parcel thereof refpedively, (hall be the Purchafer or Purchafers thereof, he, (he or they immediately paying One fifth Part of his, her or their Purchafe Money, as and for a Depofit, and paying the Refidue of fuch Purchafe Money, within Two Calendar Month* afterwards, into the Hands of the Commifiioner for each refpedive Parifh as aforefaid, or of fuch Perfon as they (hall appoint, whole Receipt (hall fuffieiently difcharge fuch Purchafer or Purchafers from any Concern in or Necefiity of feeing to the Application thereof; and the faid Commifiioner (hall thereupon, at the Cofts and Charges of fuch Purchafer or refpedive Purchafers, convey the faid Lands fo fold as aforefaid, unto and to the Ufe of, or in Truft for, fuch Purchafer or refpedive Purchafers, and his, her or their refpedive Heirs and Afiigns, or otherwife, as fuch Purchafer or refpedive Purchafers (hall dired; and the Land fo to be fold and conveyed as aforefaid (hall thenceforth vbe held and enjoyed as Freehold Land, freed and dif-charged from all Charges and Incumbrances whatfoever; and the faid Commiflioners (hall, by their faid Award, afiign and allot the fame Land accordingly; but in cafe fuch Purchafer or refpedive Purchafers Ihall refufe or negled to pay the Refidue of his, her or their Purchafe Money, within the time herein for that Purpofe appointed for the Payment thereof, then the Money fo to be depofited as aforefaid, (hall be forfeited, and applied towards defraying the Cofts, Charges and Expences of executing this Ad, fo far as relates to the feveral Allotments to be made to the feveral Proprietors of Eftates in the refpe6tive Parilhcs aforefaid ; and the Land for the Purchafe whereof fuch Money was depofited, or for which no Money was offered at the Time aud Place aforefaid, (hall again be offered to Sale, and fold in manner aforefaid, and fo toties qua tics, until the fame (hall be fold and conveyed, and the whole Purchafe Money for the feme (hall be paid to the faid Commifiioner in manner and for the Purpofes aforefaid : Provided always, that whenever any fuch Determination for Sale (hall have been made as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or any other Perfon or Perfons in-.terefted in fuch Divifion and Allotment, to give Notice in Writing to the Commifiioner or Commiflioners of his, her or their Wi(h and Intention to contribute his or their Proportion of fuch Expences ia Money ; and then in that cafe, the faid Commiflioners (hail proceed to award fuch Proportion, and to fet out and allot his, her or their Proportion and Share of the faid Waftea and Commons, without making any Deduction in refped of. fuch Expences.

XCVIII. And be it further enabled, That in cafe any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or any of the Owners or Proprietors of or Perfons intereffed in any Mefiuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, entitled to (hare in the Lands to be iuclofed by virtue of this Ad, who by virtue of this or the faid recited Ad (hall have Power to raiie Money on Mortgage for paying and defraying their refpedive Proportions of the Charges and Expences incident to or attending the carrying the In--clofure hereby intended into Execution, (hallinffead of excrcifing fuch

Power



A.D.1813.	53*GEO.	III.	C.158.

Power of borrowing Money as aforefaid, be defirous of having Land deduced or taken from their refpeftive Allotments, equivalent to the Amount in Money with which they are by this Aft or thefaid recited Aft enabled to charge their refpeftive Allotments, and fhall by themfelves or Agents fignify the fame in Writing to the Commiffioner or Commiffioners afting under this Aft ; then and in every fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for fuch Commiffioner or Commiffioners to deduft from the refpeftive Allotments to be made to fuch Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or to fuch other Owners or Proprietors, or Perfons as aforefaid refpec-tively, fo much Land as (hall in the Judgment of fuch Commiffioner or Commiffioners be equal in Value to fuch Sum or Sums of Money as fuch refpeftive Owners or Proprietors or Perfons fhall be warranted or empowered by virtue of this Aft or the faid recited Aft, to raife or charge for the Purpofes aforefaid, and to allot and award the fame to fuch Perfon or Perfons who fhall give for the fame fuch Sum or Sums of Money as aforefaid; and the fame fhall be thenceforth held by fuch Perfon or Perfons as his, her or their Freehold of Inheritance in Fee Simple difeharged of all Commonable Rights and other Rights for which Compenfation fhall have been provided and made upon or under fuch Divifion or Inclofure: Pro- pr0Vif0. rided always, that in all cafes where any Land fhall be dedufted from the Allotment of any of the faid Proprietors or Perfons towards Payment of Expences as aforefaid, it fhall not be lawful for the faid Commiffioners to deduft from any Allotment to be made to any Proprietor or Proprietors, any further or greater Quantity of Land than would be equal in value to the Sum of Money that fuch Proprietor or Proprietors is or are by this or the faid recited Aft empowered to borrow and charge on his, her or their Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments ; nor fhall it be lawful for the Proprietor or Perfon from whofe Allotment Land fhall be dedufted as aforefaid, to charge his, her or their Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments by virtue of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, with any Money towards Payment of fuch Expences.

XCIX. Provided always, and be it enafted, That in cafe the In cafe Money Money to be produced by fuch Sale or Sales, where the fame fhall	-Sa,e*

take place, fhall not be fufficient to defray all fuch Cofts, Charges Defidency^aid and Expences as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe the Deficiency fhall by Proprietors* be borne, defrayed and paid by the refpeftive Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, to whom the faid Lands and Grounds fhall be allotted by virtue of this Aft, in Proportion to the Value of their refpeftive Allotments, fuch Proportion to be fettled and afeertained by the faid Commiffioner or Commiffioners appointed for the faid Parifhes refpeftively ; and fuch Proportions, when fo fettled and afeertained, fhall be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons, and at fuch time or times, as they fhall order and direft; and in cafe any Perfon or Perfons, Body or,Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, fhall refufe or negleft to pay his, her or their Share or Proportion of the faid Deficiency, then and in fuch cafe the faid Commiffioner or Commiffioners fhall and they are hereby empowered and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to caufe the fame to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Diftrcft. Chattels of the Owner or Owners, or the Occupier or Occupiers of the Allotment or Allotments fo refufing or neglefting fuch Pay-

3 £ 3	xnent

799

fJ9°

C. 158.

53° GEO. HI.

A.D.1813.

Ferfoni advancing Money, repaid with la-tereft.

Commiflioners

to lav Accounts before Juftices.

Commiflioners to make Awards.

41 0.3. (U.K.) CI09.

Appeal.

went as aforefaid, together with the Cofts and Charges of fuch Warrant, Diftrefs and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods and Chattels upon Demand ; and every Occupier or Tenant who (hall make fuch Payments under fuch Diftreis or otherwife, by Order of the faid Commiflioner or Commiflioners, is hereby authorized to dedud and retain out of his, her and their next Payment of Rents, fo much Money as he, (he or they (hall fo pay on that Account.

C. And be it further enacted, That if any of the faid Proprietors of the faid Common Fields and Premifes in any of the faid feveral Pariflies and Liberties, or any other Perfon or Perfons on their Behalf, (hall advance any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpofe of defraying the Expences of carrying this Ad into Execution, fuch Proprietors or Pcrfon6 (hall be repaid the fame, with I mere ft, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per j4nnumf by the faid refpedive Commiflioners of the faid feveral rariflics and Liberties, out of the Monies which (hall be firft raifed by them, to defray the Charges and Expences of putting this Ad into Execution.

CL And be it further enaded, That once at leaft in each and every Year during the Execution of this Ad (fuch Year to be computed from the Day of pafiiiig thereof) the refpcCtive Commif-fioncrs for the faid feveral Pariflies and Liberties aforefaid, (hall and they are hereby required to make a true and juft Statement and Account of all Sums of Money by them refpedively received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble or Expences in the Execution of this Ad ; and fuch Statement or Account when fo made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, (hall be by them refpedively laid before Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Berh, refiding in the Neighbourhood, but not in-terefted in the (aid intended Divifiou and Inclofure in the laid refpedive Pari(hes, to he by them examined and balanced, and fuch Balance (hall be.by fuch Juftices dated in the refpedive Book or Books of Accounts, to be kept in the Offices of the refpedrie Clerks to the faid Commiflioners.

CII. And be it further enaded, That the faid refpedive Con-pliffioners for the feveral Pariflies and Liberties aforefaid (hall and they are hereby authorized and required to make their feveral and refpedive Awards in Writing for each of the faid Pariflies and Liberties of and concerning the leveral Matters and Things direded to be done by them refpedively in each of the faid Pariflies and Liberties in pursuance of this Ad, in fuch manner, and to caufe the fame to be enrolled within fuch time, and at fuch Place, as is fet forth and direded by the faid recited Ad of the Forty firft Year of His prefent Majefty j and alfo to caufe the Copy of fuch Award for each of the faid refpedive Pariflies and Liberties after the fame (hall have been duly enrolled, to be fairly written on Parchment ; which Copy (hall be depofited and kept in the Church Cbeft in each of the Churches of the faid refpedive Pariflies, for the Ufc of the Proprietors of Lands and Tenements and Perfons interefted in the faid intended Diviiion and Inclofure within the faid refpedive Pariflies, to be referred to and infpe&ed by them refpedively from time to time, as Occafton may require.

Clll. And be it further enaded. That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall think himfelf, herfelf or themfelvea aggrieved by any thing done



A.D.1813.	53° GEO. III.

in purfuance of thre or the faid recited Alt, then and in fuch cafe (except where the Orders and Determinations of the faid Qora-miffioners are by this Aft or the faid recited Alt direfted to be final or conclufive, and except in fuch cafes where an I flue at Law may be tried as hereinbefore mentioned) he, fhe or they may appeal to the General Quarter Seffionsof the Peace which (hall be held for the faid County of Berks, within Six Calendar Months next after the Caufe of Complaint (hall have arifen, on giving to the Commif-fioner or Commiffioners whofe Determination (nail be appealed againft, and to the Party or Parties concerned. Ten Days Notice Notice, oi fuch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof 5 and the Juftices in their faid Sefiions (not interefted in the Premifes) are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every fuch Complaint, and to make fuch Order therein, and to award fuch Cofts as they may think reafonable, and to direft the levying the Coils that fhall be fo awarded by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners, after deducing the reafonable Charges of fuch Diflrefs and Sale ; which Determination of the Juftices Diftrtft. fhall be final and conclufive to all Parties concerned, and fhall not be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procefs whatfoever, Certiorari; into any of His Mnjcfty’a Courts of Record at lVeJlminJier> or dfe-where; but in cafe fuch Appeal fhall appear to the faid Juftices to be frivolous, vexatious and without Foundation, then the faid Juftices fhall award fuch Cofts to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them in their Difcretion fhall feem reafonable, and to be levied in manner aforefaid.

CIV. And be it further enafted, That nothing herein contained Provifo for Ma-fhall prejudice, leffen or defeat the Right, Title or Intereft of any norial Right?* Perfon or Perfons who are or fhall refpeftively for the time being be Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the fcveral and refpeltive Manors hereinbefore mentioned, or of, in or to any of the Seigniories, Rights of Free Warren and Free Chafe, and all other Royalties, Fran-chifes, Liberties, Privileges, Rights and Services whatfoever, incident and belonging to luch Manors or Lordfhips, or any of them ; but that fuch Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies for the time being, fhall and may at all times hereafter hold and enjoy the fame, and have, hold, receive, take, exercife and enjoy all Courts, Perquifitea and Profits and Rights of Courts, and all Seigniories, Rights of Free Warren and Free Chafe, and all other Rights, Royalties,

Services, Franchifes, Liberties, Privileges and Appurtenances what* foever to fuch Manors or Lordfhips refpeftively incident or belonging or appertaining (other than thofe which a»c exprefsly varied, barred and deftroyed by this Aft, and other than and except fo far as refpefts any of the Lands hereby allotted or to be allotted or conveyed in Exchange to His Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors) by virtue thereof, in as full, ample, extenfive and beneficial a manner as they refpeltively could or might have held, exercifed or enjoyed the fame, in cafe this Aft had not been made.

CV. Saving always to the King's Moft Excellent Majefty, his General Ssviflt* Heirs and Succeffors, and to all and every Perfon and Perfons,

Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her and their refprftive Heirs,

Succeffors, Executors and Adminiftrators (other than am. except the Bight* and InterefU hereby exprefsly varied, barred, deftroyed or ex-

3 E 4	tinguiihed).

C.158.	'791

yO.%. c.ij.

a6 G. 3. c. 86.

Owners of Ships not liable to wake good Damage occa-fioned without their Fault, further than Value ofVsirels, &c.

Value of Carriage of Goods, 4cc. con Oder ed as Freight.

0.158,159.	53#GEO.IIT.	A.D.1813.

tinguifhed), all fuch Eftate, Right, Title, Intereft and Benefit, at they, every or any of them had or enjoyed in, to or out of the faid Commons and Wade Lands fo direded to be divided, allotted and Inclofed as aforefaid, before the paffing of this Ad, or could or might have held and enjoyed in cafe this Ad had not been made*

CAP. CLIX.

An Ad to limit the Refponfibility of Ship Owners, in certain

Cafes.	[21 ft July 1813.]

*	\\J HE REAS it is of the utmoft Confeqnence and Importance « V V to promote the Increafe of the Number of Ships and Veiek

*	belonging to the United Kingdom, regiftered according to Law,

*	and to prevent any Difcouragement to Merchants and others from 4 being interefted therein : And whereas it is expedient to amend an 4 Ad made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majefty ‘ King George the Second, intituled An A3 to fettle how far Owner* 1 of ShitsJhall be anftuerable for tbe Ads of the Majlers or Mariners ; 4 and alio another Ad made in the Twenty fixth Year of the Reign 1 of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A8 to explain and amend an 4 A3 made in the Seventh Tear of His late Majefifs Reign9 intituled 4 An A3 to fettle how far Owners of Ships Jhall be anfwerahle for 4 the Ads of Majlers or Mariners9 andforgiving afurther ReKef fo tbe 4 Owners of Ships ; and that other Provifions (hould be made in re-

*	fped thereofBe it therefore enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That no Perfon or Perfons who is, are or (hall be Owner or Owners, or Part Owner or Owners of any Ship or VefTel, (hall be fubjed or liable to anfwer far or make good any Lofs or Damage arifing or taking Place by readoo of any Ad, Negled, Matter or Thing done, omitted or occafkmed, without the Fault or Privity of fuch Owner or Owners, which may happen to any Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other Things laden or put on board the fame Ship or Veflel, after the Firft Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen, or which after the faid Firft Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen may happen to any other Ship or VefTel, or to any Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other Things, being in or on board of any other Ship or VefTel, further than the Value of his or their Ship or VefTel, and the Freight due or to grow due for and during the Voyage which may be in Profecution or contraded for at the time of the happening of fuch Lofs or Damage.

II. And be it further enaded, That the Value of the Carriage of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, belonging to the Owner or any of the Owners of fuch Ship or Veflel, and alfo the Hire due or to grow due under or by virtue of any Contrad whether made by or on the Behalf of His Majefty, or by or on the Behalf of any other Perfon or Perfons, or any Body Politic or Corporate whatfoever, except only fuch Hire as in the cafe of a Ship or Veflel hired for time, may not begin to be earned until the Expiration of Six Calendar Months after the happening of fuch Lofs or Damage, (hall be deemed and taken to be, and (hall be confidered as Freight, within the latent and Meaning and for the Purpofts of this Ad, and alfo of tbe (akl

Ada





793

A.D.i8i3*	53d	GEO. III.	C.	159.

AAs of Parliament made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majefly King Gtorgc the Second, and in the Twenty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty.

III.	And be it further enaAed, That in cafe any fuch Lofs or Damage (hall arife or happen by more than one feparate and diftinA Accident, AA, NegleA or Default, or on more than one Occafton in the Courfe or Progrefs of a Voyage, or after the End of any Voyage, and before the Commencement of another Voyage, each and every fuch Lofs or Damage (hall be paid, compenfatfcd and fatis-fied according to the Provifions of this AA, in fuch and the fame way, and to the fame Extent, as if no other Lofs or Damage had happened or arifen during the fame Voyage, or after the End of any Voyage and before the Commencement of another Voyage.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaAed, That nothing herein contained (hall leffen or take away any Refponfibility to which any Matter or Mariner of any Ship or Veffel may now by Law be liable, not with (landing fuch Matter or Mariner may be an Owner or Part Owner of his Ship or Veffel.

V.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaAed, That nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to the Owner or Owners of any Lighter, Barge, Boat or Veffel, of any Burthen or Defcription whatfoever, ufed folely in Rivers or Inland Navigation, or any Ship or Veffel not duly regiftered according to Law.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaAed, That nothing in this AA contained (hall extend to prevent any AAion or Suit being brought or inftituted, or proceeded in, in any Court of competent JurifdiAion, by any Perfon or Perfons who (hall have fuffered any Lofs or Damage within the Intent and Meaning of this AA againft any Owner or Part Owner of any Ship or Veffel, notwithftanding any other Perfon or Perfons may have fuffered any Lofs or Damage by the fame Accident, AA, NegleA or Default, or on the fame Occafion; but that all fuch AAions and Suits (hall and may be brought or inftituted, and proceeded in, in fuch manner as the fame might have been brought or inftituted, or been proceeded in, if this AA had not been made ; fubjeA neverthelefs to fuch Order as any Court may think fit to make, to reftrain Proceedings in fuch AAion or Suit, on fpecial circumttances, as Juftice and Equity (hall require.

VII.	Ana be it further enaAed, That if feveral Perfons (hall fuffer any Lofs or Damage in or to their Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Ships or otherwife, by any means for which the Refponfibility of any Owner or Owners is limited by this AA as aforefaid, and the Value of the Ship or Veffel, with all her Appurtenances, and the Amount of the Freight eftimated as herein is mentioned, (hall not be fufficient to make full Compenfation to all and every the Perfon and Perfons fuffering fuch Lofs and Damages, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Perfon or Perfons liable to make SatisfaAion for fuch Lofs or Damage, or any One or more of them, on Behalf of himfelf, herfclf or themfelves, and the other Owner or Owners of the fame Ship or Veffel, to exhibit a Bill in any Court of Equity having competent JurifdiAion, againft all the Perfons who (hall have brought any fuch AAion or AAions, Suit or Suits as aforefaid, and all other Perfons who (hall claim to be entitled to any Recompence for any Loft or Damage arifing or happening by the fame feparate and diftinA Accident, AA, NegleA or Default, or on the fame Occafion, to afeertain

Provifo for feparate Lo!Te«.

Refponfibility of Mailer and Mariner*.

Owner* of Iighters,fcr.

Action* may be brought for Damage by Perfons fuffermg Lofs though others have fuf-tained Lott by fame Accident

Proceeding! in cafe Value of Ship,&c. sot fufficient to make Compen-fjiion for Damages.

Bill in Equity.

 LjOOQle

794

C. 159.

53“ GEO. m.

A.D.1813-

Affidavit annexed to Bill.

Defendants entitled in Proportions of Value of Ship, &c.



Money paid into Court for Security.

Bill difmifled, Proceedings.

the Amount of the Value of the Ship or Veffel, Appurtenances and Freight, and for Payment or Dutribution thereof rateabiy amongft the feveral Perfons claiming* Recompence as afore fa id, in Proportion to the Amount of the fevers1 Loffes or Damages fuftained by fnch Perfons io claiming fin Recompence as afore kid, according to the Rules of Equity, and as the caie may require ; Provided always, that the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in fuch Bill fhall annex to fuch Bill an Affidavit that he, (he or they do not direftly or indirectly collude with any of the Defendants thereto, or with any other Owner or Owners of the fame Ship or Veffel, or with any other Perfon or Perfooa, but that fuch Bill is filed for the Purpofes only of Juflice, and to obtain the Benefit of the Provifions of this Aft 5 and that the feveral Perfons named as Defendants to the faid Bill, are, as the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Affidavit verily believes, all the Perfons claiming to be entitled to Recompence for Lofs or Damage fuflamed by the fame Accident, Aft, Negleft or Default, or on the fame Occafion ; and that all fuch Defendants do claim fuch Recompence, and to be entitled to Proportions of the Value of fuch Ship or Veffel, Appurtenances and Freight; and that no other Perfon claims to be entitled to any Proportion thereof under the Provifions of this Aft, and that the Amount of the Value of fuch Ship or Veffel, Appurtenances and Freight, does not exceed a Sum to be fpecified in fuch Affidavit, and that the feveral Claims made by the Defendants to fuch Bill, do exceed the Amount of the Value of fuch Ship or Veffel, Appurtenances and Freight; and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in fuch Bill (hall, on filing fuch Bill, apply to the Court and obtain an Order for Liberty to pay into Court the Accountf of the Value of fuch Ship or Veffel, Appurtenances and Freight, as ascertained by fuch Affidavit, and (hall pay the fame into Court according to fuch Order; and no Defendant or Defendants to fuch Bill fhall be compellable to put in any Anfwer thereto until fuch Value fhall have been paid into Court as aforefaid, unlefs the Court fhall for any fpecial Caule think fit to order Security to be given for the fame, in fuch manner as the faid Court fhall think fit, either inflead of Payment thereof into Court as aforefaid, or until fuch Court fhall make other Order to the contrary 5 and unlefs fuch Money fhall be paid into Court as aforefaid, or the faid Court (hall make fuch Order for Security as aforefaid, and fuch Security fhall be given according to the faid Order within One Month after fuch Bill mail have been filed, fuch Bill fhall immediately after the Expiration of fuch Month Hand difmiffed without any Motion for that Purpofe; and the Court fhall thereupon order the Payment of the Cofts of the faid Suit to all the Defendants who fhall then have appeared to fuch Bill; and in cafe fuch Security fhall be given as aforefaid, and fuch Value fhall afterwards be ordered to be paid into Court, and the fame fhall not be fo paid within the time to be limited by the Court, fuch Bill fhall alfo ftand difmiffed without Motion for that Purpofe, and the faid Court fhall alfo order Cofts to be paid to the Defendants as aforefaid; and in cafe any fuch Bill fhall at any time be difmiffed after any fuch Value fhall have been paid into Court, or fuch Security

Sven as aforefaid, fuch Court fhall direft the Money fo paid into Durt, if any, to be paid to the feveral Claimants, Defendants to foch Bill, who fhall appear to the Court to be entitled to Proportions thereof, in fuch manner as to fuch Court fhall appear to be juft, and fhall order any Security fo to be given as aforefaid to be put in Sait,

and





795

AJD.1813.

53° GEO. III.

C. 159.

and the Money to be recovered thereupon to be paid into Court and didributed in like manner; and fuch Payments (hall be without Prejudice to any A&ion or Suit which may be brought or indituted by any other Perfon or Perfons, not Party or Parties to fuch Bill, for any fuch Lofs or Damage as aforefaid, although fuch Lofs or Damage (hall have arifen or happened by the fame Accident, Att, Negle& or Default, or on the fame Occafion as the Loffes or Damages for which Recompence fhall be claimed by the Parties Defendants to fuch Bill, and all fuch Payments as (hall be made under the Order of the faid Court (hall be without Prejudice to the Recovery of the Cods in any Action or Suit which (hall have been brought by any fuch Defendant or Defendants, unlefs fuch Cods (hall be otherwife provided for by the (aid Court.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if it (hall appear to the Court in which any fuch Bill (hall be filed as aforefaid, that the Money paid into Court, or for which fuch Security (hall be given as aforefaid, is not the true Amount of the Value of fuch Ship or Veffel, Appurtenances and Freight, the faid Court (hall order fuch further Sum of Money to be paid into Court, or fuch further Security to be given as to the faid Court (hall feem proper; and the faid Court (hall alfo at any time if the faid Court (hall fee fit, order Security to be given for the Cods of fuch Suit as to the faid Court (hall feem necelfary and jud ; and if fuch further Sum of Money (hall not be paid, or fuch further or other Security (hall not be given as aforefaid within the time to be limited by the faid Court for that Purpofe ; fuch Bill (hall dand difmiffed without any Order for that Purpofe : and the faid Court (hall thereupon order the Payment of the Cods of fuch Suit to the feveral Defendants by the Plaintiffs, and give the proper Dire&ions for the Application of any Money paid into Court, or due on any Security given in fuch Suit to anfwer the Demands of the feveral Defendants in fuch Suit, as to fuch Court (hall appear to be jud.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That if after any fuch Suit (hall have been iudituted the fame (hall become abated or imperfe& in the Whole or in Part, and the fame (hall not be revived or made perfeft within the time to be limited by the Court for that Puipofe, fuch Suit and all Proceedings therein (hall dand difmiffed without any Motion for that Purpofe ; and the faid Court (hall order the Cods of fuch Suit to be paid to the Defendants thereto, or to the Repre-fentativesof any who (hall be then dead; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any fuch Suit, or any of them, (hall be then dead, fuch Cods as (hall not be otherwife paid (hall be a Charge on the Affets of fuch deceafed Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and (hall be recoverable as a Debt by Simple Contradl.

X.	And be it further enacted, That the Court in which any fuch Bill (hall be filed as aforefaid, (hall be and is hereby authorized and empowered to take all fuch Meafures as to fuch Court (hall feem jud for ascertaining the Value of the Ship or Veffel, Appurtenances and Freight, the Amount of the Loffes or Damages claimed by the Defendants thereto refpe&ively, and all fuch Matters and Things as (hall be neceffary for the Purpofes of Judice in fuch Suit, ana for Payment and Didribution of the Value of fuch Ship or Veffel, Appurtenances and Freight, amongd the feveral Perfons entitled thereto, and generally to do therein as (nailappear to be juft; and the Cofts of

all

Payments with out Prejudice, A&ion,&c.

If true Amount of Value of Veflel, Sec. not paid. Court (hall require further Payment, Sec.

In Abatement of Suits how Cofts paid.

Court to take Meafures for afeertaining Value of Veffels, Sec.

 <^.ooQle

CofU taxed.

No new Bills filed but under certain circum-ftlMN.

Inter eft of Money paid into Court to belong to Parties entitled to Pxinci-paL

Any Bill filed by one Part Owner, equally binding on •there.

Any Court competent to aft as Court of Equity, deemed fuch for Purposes of Aft.

Money paid for Damage how accounted for.

C.159.	53° GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

all fucb Proceedings (ball be paid by tbe Plaintiff or Plaintiffs m fuch Suit, unlefs fucb Court (ball think fit other-wife to order.

XI. And be it further enafted, That all Coft* to be paid by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any fuch Suit in a Court of Equity as afore-faid fhall be taxed and fettled as between Attorney and Client, if the Court fhall think fit fo to order.

XU.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That if any fnch Bill fhall be filed, and fhall afterwards be difmifTed by reafon of any fuch Default of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein as hereinbefore pro-vided, or under any Order of the faid Court for that Purpofe, no oew Bill fhall be filed by the fame Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or his, her or their Representatives, or by any other Part Owner or Part Owners of the fame Ship or Veffel, unlefs the Court in which fuch Bill fhall hare been filed fhall order fuch Difmiffion to be without Prejudice to the filing of a new Bill, either abfolutely or under fuch Conditions as to the laid Court fhall feem juft.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Money fhall be paid into any fuch Court of Equity as aforefaid, in refpeft of the Valoe of any fuch Ship or Veffel, Appurtenances or Freight, all Interrft and Profit made thereof whilft fuch Money fhall remain in Court (hall be confidered as belonging to the Parties in fuch Suit, who fhall appear to be entitled to the Principal Money or Proportions thereof relpeftively, and fhall be divided and diftributed accordingly; and if Security fhall be given for fuch Value, or any Part thereof, tbe fame fhall bear Intereft, and fuch Intereft fhall be applied in like manner.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That if any fuch Bill fhall be filed as aforefaid by any Part Owner or Part Owners *bf any Ship or Veffel, on behalf of himfelf, herfelf or themfelves, and the other Put Owners, fuch Bill fhall bind all fuch other Part Owners, and their Representatives, in the fame manner as they would have been bound if Parties Plaintiffs to fuch Bill; and if after the filing of any fuch Bill any of the Plaintiffs or other Part Owners fhall die, the Right of Aftion againft fuch Part Owners fo dying, founded on any Tort or Wrong, fhall not thereby be loft, but it fhall be lawful to proceed againft the refpeft ive Reprefentatives of the Part Owners fo dying, in the fame manner as might have been if fuch Right of Aftion hid been founded on Contraft.

XV.	And be it further enafted, That if any Suit for any fuch Lofi or Damage as aforefaid fhall be inftituted or depending in any Court competent to ad as a Court of Equity for the Purpofes of this Aft, fuch Court fhall, and is hereby authorized and empowered to proceed in fuch Suit for fuch Purpofes', in the fame manner, and under tbe fame Regulations, and with the fame Powers as are herein given to Courts of Equity, fo far as the fame are applicable to the nature of fuch Court, and the Forms of Proceedings therein, and fuch Court (hall ufe all fuch means as a Court of Equity is by this Aft empowered to ufe for the Purpofes of this Aft.

XVI. And be it further enafted. That all and every Sum sod Sums of Money which fhall be paid for or towards or on account of any Lofs or Damage, in refpeft whereof the Refponfibility of tbe Owners of any Ship or Veffel is limited by this Aft, or by the (aid Aft» or either of them, or any Cofts incurred in relation thereto, fhall and may be brought into Account among the Part Owners ofthe to*

Ship





797

A.D.i8i3«	53°GEO.III. C. 159,160, \6u

Ship or Veflel in fuch and the like manner as Mbney diiburfed for the Ufe tlrereof.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall be deemed Public Aft. and taken to be a Public Ad, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Judices and other Perfons whomsoever, without the fame being Specially pleaded.

CAP. CLX.

An A& to relieve Perfons who impugn the Do&rine of the Holy Trinity from certain Penalties.	[21 ft July 1813.]

*	TT7HEREAS, in the Nineteenth Year of His prefent Maiefty 19 0.3. 0.44.

* # VV an Ad was pafled, intituled An A3 for the further Relief

*	of Protejlant Dijfenting Miniflers and Schoolmajlen ; and it is ex-4 pedient to enafct as hereinafter providedBe it therefore enaded by the King’s Moft Excellent Maiefty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aiTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That fo 1 W. & M. much of an Ad pafled in the Firft Year of the Reign of King William Seli. 1. c. 18. and Queen Maryintituled An A3 for exempting His Majejly's Pro* $ *7- repeal**. tejlant Subjeds dijfenting from the Church of England, from the Pc*

nalties of certain Laws, as provides that that Ad or any thing therein contained (hould not extend or be conftrued to extend to give any Eafe, Benefit or Advantage to Perfons denying the Trinity as therein mentioned, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enaded, That the Proviflons of another Ad 9 * to W.3. pafled in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of King William, Ct 3** “J P»rt intituled An Ad for the more effitBual fupprejfng Blafphemy and Pro* rePe"e<** fanenefsy fo far as the fame relate to Perfons denying as therein mentioned, refpeding the Holy Trinity, be and the fame are hereby repealed.

€ III. And whereas it is expedient to repeal an Ad, pafled in the Ads pafled in

*	Parliament of Scotland in the Firft Parliament of King Charles the 5j°!I?nd agail,ft 4 Second, intituled An A3 again/l the Crime of Blafphemy ; and an- em* Tt~

4 other Ad, pafled in the Parliament of Scotland in the Firft Parlia-

*	ment of King William, intituled An A3 againfi Blafphemy; which ‘ Ads refpedively ordain the Punifhment of Death Be it therefore enaded, That the faid Ads and each of them (hall be, and the fame are and is hereby repealed.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall be deemed Public Aft. and taken to be a Public Ad, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

CAP. CLXI.

An Ad for enabling His Majefty to raife the Sum of Five Millions for the Service of Great Britain, and for applying the Sum of Two hundred thoufand Pounds Britijb Currency for the Service of Ireland.	[22d July	1813.]

“ TREASURY to caufe Exchequer Bills for 5,ooo,oool. to be €i made out in manner direded by 48 G. 3. c. 1.—§ 1,2. Exchequer ^ 44 Bills chargeable on the Firft Supplies. } 3. Exchequer Bills to 94 bear an Intereft not exceeding 3 \d. per Cent, per Diem. § 4. Ex-44 chequer Bills to be taken in Payment at the Exchequer after

44 April





79*

. C. 161, 162*

5* G.3. c.44.

§47.

repealed. *

Felony, Grand and Petit Larceny.

Poniflimcnt.

J3’ GEO* III*	A*0.1813.

“ April 5 9 1814. §<• Bank may advance 5,000,cbol. on the Credit u ot Ad, notwithftanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20.—J 6.	200,cx>qL

ft out of the Supplies granted for Ireland. § 7.

CAP. CLXII.

An Ad to repeal a certain Provifion refpe&ing Perfons con-vifted of Felony without Benefit of Clergy, contained in an Ad made in the Fifty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for the Eredion of a Penitentiary Houfe for the Confinement of Perfons convided within the City of London and County of MiddlefeX) and for making other Provifions in lieu thereof.	[22d	July	1813.]

f YT7HEREAS it is neceffary that fo much of a certain Ad,

*	W made in the Fifty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent ‘ Majefty King George the Third, intituled An A3 for the EreSton

*	of a Penitentiary Houfe for the Confinement of Offenders convided ‘ within the City ©/‘London and County of Middlefex ; and for making € Compenfation to Jeremy Bentham Efquire> for the Non-performance

*	of an Agreement between the faid Jeremy Bentham and the Loris

*	Commiffioners of His Majefty* s Treafury* refpeding the Cuftody and ‘ Maintenance of Convids9 as enads, That in all cafes where any 9 Court or Courts (hall think fit to fentence any Perfon or Perfons,

*	convided before fuch Court or Courts of Felony without Benefit of

*	Clergy, to Imprifonment as or for the Punifhment, or Part of the

*	Punifhment for fuch Offence, fuch Court or Courts may, if they (hall € think * fit fo to do, moreover dired that the Perfon or Perfons fo

*	convided (hall during fuch Imprifonment be kept to Hard Labour,

*	fhould be repealed, and that other Provifions m lieu thereof fhonld

*	be made in refped to the Sentences of Perfons convided before

*	fuch Court or Courts of Felony with Benefit of Clergy :* May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded 5 and be it enacted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, and by and with the Advice and Confect of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliatnent affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That fo much of the faid Ad as enads, * That in all cafes where any Court or Courts (hall think fit to fentence any Perfon or Perfons, convided before fuch Court or Courts, of Felony without Benefit of Clergy, to Imprifonment as or for the Puniftiment, or Part of the Punifhment for fuch Offence, fuch Court or Courts may, if they (hall think fit fo to do, moreover dired that the Perfon or Perfons fo convided (hall during fuch Imprifonment be kept to Hard Labour/ (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the palling of this Ad, it fhall and may be lawful for any Court to pah upon any Perfon, who fhall be lawfully convided before any uich Court or Felony, with Benefit of Clergy, or of any Grand Larceny or of any Petit Larceny, the Sentence of Imprifonment to Hard Labour, either limply and alone, or in addition to any other Sentence which fuch Court may or fhall be authorized by Law topafs upon any Perfect lawfully convided of any of the Offences aforelaid, as to fuch Court fhall feem fit; and fuch rerfon fhall thereupon fuffer fuch other Sen* tence, and be moreover imprifoned and kept to Hard Labour, or be limply imprifoned and kept to Hard Labour, in fuch Place and for fuch time as fuch Court fhall think fit to dired, not exceeding the time for which fuch Courts may now imprifon for fuch Offences.

LOCAL



A.D.1813

S3°GE0.m.

M •	••

C.i. u.

799

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

N. B.—The Continuance of fuch of the following A&s as are temporary will he known (where it is not exprefsly jhited) by referring to the following Lift, according to the correfponding Letter at the End of the Title.

(a)	For 21 Years, &c. £i. e. to the End of the next SeJJion~\ from a Day named in the Ad.

(b)	For 21 Tears, &c. from the pajfing of the Ad*

(c)	For 21 Years % &c. after the End of the Term under former Ads.

All Ads in this Lifi, not dtflinguifhed by the Letters ( q. P.) are Public Acts ; to each of which is annexed a Claufe in the Form following :

“ And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall be deemed “ and taken to be a Public Act, and (hall be judicially taken “ Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Ju dices and others, without " being fpecially pleaded.”

(q. PA Quad Public Afta, i. e. Ads to each of which is annexed a Claufe in the Form following :

“ And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall be printed *• by the feveral Printers to the King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, “ duly authorifed to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom, u and a Copy thereof Co printed by any of them, (hall be ad-" mitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Judices and others,”

Cap. i.

An Aft to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Aft of His prefent 370.3.	6	.

Majefty, for repairing the Road from the Guide Poft near Sudden Bridge, in the rarifh of Rochdale, to Bury% and a Branch therefrom, all in the County Palatine of Lancajler. (b)	[23d March	1813.]

[Afrw Truflees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. ii.

An Aft for enlarging the Powers of an Aft of His prefent Majefty, Sl Q c ^.. for repairing Roads leading to and from Tiverton, m the County of ’ v,w Devon, and for making a new Road to communicate therewith.

[23d March 1813.]

[For full Term of former Ad vnetpired']

Cdp.



too

C. iii—x.

AJ).iIt3.

ilG.$. c.93. 31 G. 3. c. 117.

33 G. 3- c.I43-

*7 G $. c.6S.

if G.3. *• 77. 19 0.3. c.110.

41G. 3. c xJviu.

37G.3.C.147.

10 G.3. c.67. 39 G.j. c.xi»

53° GEO. in.

Cap. iii.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His pre-fent Majefty, for repairing the Road from the Exeter Turnpike at Reedy Gate in the Parifh of Duns ford, to Ckerrybrook in the Foreft of Dartmoore, in the County of Devon. (e)	[23d	March	1813.J

[Additional Trujlees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted* Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. iv.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of His prefect Majefty, for repairing the Road from Little Bowden, in the County of Northampton, to Rockingham, in the faid County, (r)

[23d March 1813.]

[Additional Trujlees. Former Tolls to ceaje, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.2

Cap. v.

An Ad for altering and enlarging the Power# of an Ad of the Seventeenth Year of His prefent Majefty, for building a Bridge at Maij-more, in the County of Gloucejler.	[23d March 1813	}

Cap. vi.

An Ad for repairing the Road from the City of Coventry to the Rugby Turnpike Road, in the Parifh of JVolvey, in the County of Warwick. (£)	C23^	March	1813.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. vii.

An Ad for continuing and amending Two Ads of His prefent Majefty, for repairing feveral Roads in the County of Glamorgan, fo far as they relate to the Roads comprized in the Llantriffent Dif-trid. (a)	[23d	March	1813.]

[Additional Trujlees, Former Tolls to ceafe, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. viii.

An Ad for altering and enlarging the Provifions of an Ad of Hit prefent Majefty, for improving the Town of Kilmarnock, in the County of Ayr.	[23d March	1813.]

[Tolls or Pontage Duties to ceafe, new Tolls or Pontage Duties granted.]

Cap. ix.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from the City of Norwich to North Waljham, in the County of Norfolk. (a)	[23d	March	1813.]

[Former Tolls to ceaje, new Tolls granted

Cap. x.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from the City of Norwich to Swsdfbam, and from Honingham to Taxham, in the County of Norfolk, and alfo a Lane called Hangman’s Lane, near the Gates of the (aid City, (b)	[23d	March	1815.J





A.D.i8i3«

530 GEO. III.

C. xi—Xviii.

801

Cap. xi.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His 6 0.3, ^ prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the Road from 33 U. 3, c'* Bawtry, in the County of Fork, to Eajl Markham Common, in	3	'

the County of Nottingham, and from Little Drayton to Twyford Bridge, in th? faid County of Nottingham. (3)

[23d March 1813.]

[Additional Truflces. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xii.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His 5Q prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dun- 31 ham Ferry to the South End of Great Markham Common, in	*

the County of Nottingham, (b)	[23d	March 1813.]

[Additional Trujlees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xiii.

An Aft for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the 3a q. 3, Powers of an Aft made in the Thirty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty, for making and repairing the Road from the Town of Lanark to the Town of Hamilton, m the County of Lanark, (b)

[23d March 1813.]

[Former Tolls to ceafe, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xiv.

An Aft for indoiing Lands in the Parifh of Gei/l, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)	[23d	March 1813 ]

Cap. xv.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifti of Fawley, in the County of Southampton. (q. P.)	[23d March	1813.]

Cap. xri.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Witham on the Hillt with Manthorpe% Toft and Lound% in the County of Lincoln. (q. P.)	[23d	March	1813.]

“ Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, § 18,19, 20, 21. 33.

Cap. xvii.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of AJkham Richard, in the County of the City of Tork. (q. P.)	[23d	March	1813.]

Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, § 17.

Cap. xviii.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifti of Haburgh in the County ofLincoln, (q. P.)	[23d	March	1813.]

53 Gio. III.	3	F	Cap.

 L.ooQle

C. xix—xxr.

53* geo. nr.

A.D.1813-

8ot

Cfl/. xix.

An Ad for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, to unite tbe Rivera Wey and Atun> in the Counties of Surry and Sujtrx.

[ift April 1813.}

[“ Tbe Company of Proprietors of the Wey and Arun JunQion CanaTr incorporated

Cap, xx,

49 G.3. c. cxcii. An Ad for enlarging the Powers of an Ad of His prefect Majefty, for fupplying with Water the Towns of Manchefter and Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaflerv	[ift ^ri/	1813.]

Cap. xxi.

17	G. 3. c. 5. An Ad for altering and amending Two Ads of the Seventeenth

41 G.3. c.xxvni. amj porty fecond Years of His prefent Majefty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parifh of Saint Mary Iflington, in the County of Middlefex, and for building a Work-houte for the faid Parifh.	[ift	April	1813.]

Cap, xxii.

An Ad for making a Road from Beach Down near Battle, to Heath• field, and from RobertJbrtdge% to Hoods Corner, all in the County of Suffix, (6)	[ift	April 1813.3

[Double Tolls in certain cafes between 29/6 Sep. and 2$tb March, Double Tolls on Sunday,'}

Cap. xxiii.

xi G.3. c.88. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His

33	3*	c.	176.	prefent	Majefty,	for	repairing the Roads from Market Harlorough

to Loughborough, and from Filling Gate to the Melton Mowbray Turnpike Road, in the County of Leiceflcr, (3)

[ift April 1813.3 [Additional Trvjlees. Former Tolls repealednew Tolls granted,}

Cap. xxiv.

336.3.0.126. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Pa-rifhes of Toxford, Saxmundham and Benhally in the County of Suffolk, to the Town of Aldeburgb9 in tbe faid County, (c)

[ift April 1813.3

[Additional Trujlees, Former Tolls to ceafe, new Tolls granted.

Half Tolls payable on Back Carriage from Aldeburgh

Cap. xxv.

32G.3. c.235. An Ad for continuing and amending an Ad of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads leading from Bowes in the County of Torky through Barnard Cafile and Btfhop Auckland, to join the Great North Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the County of Durham. (a)	[ift	April 1813.]

[A^lrw Trujlees, Former Tolls to seafcy new Tolls granted.}



A.D.i8ig.

.530GEO.lII.	C. xxvi—xxxhk	803

Cap. xxvi.	•

An Ad for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers of an

Ad, of the Forty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, .for 44 g. 3. c.xvi repairing the Roads leading from Taviflock to Old Town Gate, in the jSorough of Plymouth, and from Manadon Gate to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon (b)

[ill April 1813.]

[.Additional Trujlees.	Former Tolls to ceafe, new Tolls granted•

Double Tolls on Sunday.J

Cap. xxvii.

An A A for continuing and amending Five Ads pafled for repairing feveral Roads leading from the Towns of Hertford and Ware, and other Places, in the County of Hertford, (a) [ill April 1813.]

[Former Tolls to ceafe, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.

Cap. xxviii.

An Ad for effeding an Exchange between the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Hereford, and the Right Honourable John Sommers Lord Sommers, of certain Edates in the County of Hereford, (q. P.)	[ift	Jlpril 1813.]

11 G. f. c.it.

6 G. 2 c. 15.

6.2. c.

1 2 G. 3. c. 84. 39 G. 3. c.xix*

Cap. xxix.

An Ad for ioclofing Lands in the Manor and Townlhip of Bug-lawton, in the County of Chefter. (q. P.) [id April 1813.]

Cap. xxx.

An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Rollefby, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)	[ill	April	1813.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Melkjham, in the County of Wilts, (q. P.)	[ill April 1813.]

Cap. xxxii.

An A61 to amend an Ad of the lad Seflion of Parliament for 5a G. 3 c.cwrv. making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Grand Jundion Canal, in the Parilh of Paddington, to the River Thames in the Parilh of Limehoufe, with a Collateral Cut in the Parilh of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Mid diefex.

[15th April 1813.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Ad for railing a further Sum of Money * for the Improvement See 28g 3.C.5S. of the Harbour of Leith, and Works therewith cooneded. 3^0.3. c.xix.

[icth April 1813-] 39G 3. c.xliv.

u J r'	45 G. 3 c. xxxii.

47 G. 3. Sell*. 2.

[80,00c/. Sterling. ]

•	K+	Ult

Cap. xxxiv.

An Ad for explaining and amending an Ad of His prefent Majefty, g.j. c.cxcv* for conllruding a Harbour at Portbleven in Mount’s Bay, in the County of Cornwall.	[ijth April 1813.]

3 F z	Cap.

 LjOOQle

C. xxxv—xlii.

53 GEO. III.

A.D.i8i3*

804

Cap. xxxv.

An Aft for improving the Pier and Port of Hartlepool, in the County of Durham.	[15th April	1813.J

Cap, xxxvi.

46 G. 3. c. cxi*. An Aft to authorize the Company of Proprietor* of the Weft 50G.3.c.cxxxii. Middlefex Waterworks to raife a further Sum of Money, for enabling them more effectually to carry on their Work*.

[15th April 1813.]

[£160,000.]

Cap. xxxvii.

ao G. e. 66. An Aft for enlarging the Powers of an Aft of Hi* prefent Ma-jetty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Hamlet of Mile End New Town, in the Pariih of Stepney, in the County of Middlefex, and other Purpofes ; and for better collecting the Poor Rates in the faid Hamlet. [15th April 1813.]

Cap. xxxviii.

6 G. 3. c.45. in An Aft for more effeftually paving, cleaning, lighting, watching and tJrepe>led* regulating certain Parts of Piccadilly and Park Lane, in the Pariih 29 *3*c. 75.	of Saint George Hanover Square,	in the County of Middlefex;

and alfo the feveral Square*, Streets, Lanes and other public Paffages and Place* within the faid Pariih; and for altering and enlarging the Power* of an Aft of the Twenty ninth Year of Hi* prefent Majefty, relative to the above Purpofes, and to the Poor of the faid Pariih.	[15	th	April 1813 ]

Cap. xxxix.

41 G. 3. (U.K.) An Aft for amending an Aft paffed in the Forty firft Year of His c *rii.	prefent	Majefty, refpefting the High Road* in the County of

Selkirk.	[15th	April	1813	]

Cap. xl.

3* G. 3. C.X13. An Aft for more effeftually amending, widening and keeping in repealed.	Repair,	the	Road leading from the North End of the Turnpike

Road called The Coal Road, near Wejl Auckland»in the County of Durham, to the Elf don Turnpike Road, at or near Elifhawy in the County of Northumberland. (<z)	[15th	April	1813	]

[Double Tolls in certain cafes between I ft November and ift May.]

18 G. 2.c. *3.

3 G. 3. c. 30. 33 G- 3-c. xj6. repealed as to Roads in Title to this A&.

3a G.3. c.i;3*

Cap. xli.

An Aft for more effeftually repairing the Road from the Horffboe Cornery in Godmanche/ler, in the County of Huntingdon, to the South Eaft End of Cajlle Street, in the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge. (a)	[15th April 1813.]

Cap. xlii.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Burfardy in th*

County

C. xlii—xlix.

805

A.D. 1813.	530 GEO. III.

County of Oxford, to Leacblade, in the County of Gloucefter; and alfo the Road from thence through High worth to the Cricklade arid Swindon Turnpike Road, in the County of Wilts, (r)

[15th April 1813.]

[.Additional Truflees ]

Cap. xliii.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His	^

prefent Maiefty, tor repairing the Road from the Eaton Bridge 3* G. 3.^,3!. Turnpike Road at Cockham Hill, in the Parilh of Weferham, in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road from Croydon to Godflone, in the County of Surry, (r)	[[	15th	April 1813.]

[Additional Truflees. Injlead of Tolls granted by former Ads, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday,2

Cap. xliv.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of His pre- 3t G. 3. Ct I3j. fent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Great Marlow, in the County of Buckingham, to Stokenchurch, in the County of Ox-ford.{e)	[15th	April 1813.]

Cap, xlv.

An Ad for (hutting up a Road and Footpath, leading from Cajlleford to Ferrybridge, in the County of Tort.	[15th April 1813.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Ad to continue the Term and alter the Powers of feveral Ads 34 q

of the Thirty fourth. Thirty feventh and Forty fifth Years of 37 0. 3.’ £ 16& His Majefty's Reign, for repairing feveral Roads in the Counties 45G.3.V*vi. of Clackmannan and Perth, (a)	[15th	April 1813.3

[Former Tolls to ceafe, new Tolls granted^

Cap, xlvii.

An Ad for continuing and amending Two Ads of His prefent 100.3.«. 64. Majefty for repairing and widening the Road from Lewes to 3* G. 3. c. x 13. Brighthelmjlone, in the County of Suffix. (b) fijth April 1813.3 [Additional Trujlees. ]

Cap. xlviii.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Four feveral Ads, 3*0. a. 0.63. pa fled in the Thirty firft Year of the Reign of His late Majefty ofif’cxoe. King George the Second, and in the Firft, Eighteenth and Thirty 37 G.3, c.x59. feventh Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, fo far as the fame relate to the Road from Wakefeld to Sheffield, and for diverting a Part of the laid Road. (b)	f	15th	April 1813.3

[Additional Truflees, Former Tolls to ceafe, new Tolls granted*

Extra Tolls on Sunday in certain cafes. 3

Cap, xlix.

An Ad for enabling the Prebendary of Cantlowes, in the Cathedral Sef45G.3* c.cx* Church of Saint Paul in London, to grant a Leafe, with Powers

•3 F 3	of

806

S«e 47 G.3. &«(T. %. c.lviik

C. xlix—lvili.'	5 y GEO. Ttl. A J) .1813.

of Renewal, of the Prebendal Land* of Rentijb Town, in the County of Middlefex. (q. P.)	[15th	April 1813.3

Cap. 1.

An Aft for veiling Part of the Settled Eftates of the Right Honourable Philip Earl of Chejlerjield, in Truftees, in Truft to be fold; and for laying out the Monies arifing from fuch Sale*, in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled to the fame (Jfes. (q. P.)	[15th	April 1813.]

Cap. li.

An Aft for vefting certain Eftates of the Right Honourable William Charles Earl of Albemarle, at glvsden otherwife Elden, and BardwelU irr the County of Suffolk, devifed by the Will of the Right Honourable Augujlus Vilcount Keppel, in Truftees, upon Truft to fell the fame ; and to apply the Money arifing from the Sale thereof in the Purchafe of Eftates contiguous to the Family Eftates of the faid Earl in the County of Norfolk, to be fettled to the fubfifting Ufes of the faid Will of the faid Augujlus Vifcouut Keppel. (q. P.)	[15th	April 1813.]

Cap. lii.

An Aft for vefting certain Eftates belonging to the See of Tork> in Truftees for Sale, and for applying the Monies thence arifing in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Eftates fold. (q. P.)	[15th	April 18x3.]

Cap. liii,

‘ An Aft for vefting certain detached Settled Eftates of Sir John ' Chandos Reade Baronet, in Truftees, to be fold, for paying off Incumbrances thereon, and for purchafing other Eftates to be fettled to the fame Ufes, (q. P.)	[15th	April 1813.]

* *	Cap. liv.

*• An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parilhof Stonleigh, in the County . 6f Warwick, (q. P.)	[15th April 1813.J

Cap. lv.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of AJhley, in the County of Stafford. (q. P.)	[15th	April 1813 ^

Cap. lvi.

An Aft for incloling Lands in Eecbin/wcll, in the County of Southampton, (q. P.)	Q 15th April 1813.]

Cap. Ivii

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Stow Bed on, in the County of Norfolk. (q. P.)	[15th	April	1813.]

Cap. Iviii.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Laughton» in the County of Suffex. (q. P.)	[15th	April	181J.J

Cap.

 L.ooQle

A.D.i8i^

53° GEO. in.

C. lix—lxvh	$07

Cap. lix.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifti of Hardingbam, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)	^	15th	April	1813.]

Cap. lx.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in IVraxalU Nailfea and Bourton, in the County of Somerfet. (q. P.)	[15th	April	1813.]

Cap. lxi.

An Aft. for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Skelton in Cleveland\ in the County of Tork. (q. P.)	[15th	April	18x3.]

Cap. lxii.

An Aft for paving and otherwise improving certain Streets and other Public Paflages and Places which are or fliall be made upon certain Pieces of Ground belonging to His Majefty, in the feveral Pariftie* of Saint Mary le bone and Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlefexy called Mary le bone Park.	£ift	May	1813.3

Cap. lxiii.

An Aft for altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of feveral 26 G. 2. c.90. Afts for making and repairing certain Road* leading into the City *7 G. a. c. 17. °f Glafgowy fo far as they relate to that Part of the Road from the l* ^*3 City of Glafgout to the Town of Dumbarton, which leads from repealed'as'to* Toker Bridge to the Town of Dumbarton, {b)	[ 1 It May 1813.] Road fromYoker

Bridge to Dum-

Cap. Ixiv.	^tou.

An Aft to continue the Term, and to continue, enlarge and amend ^ 0.3. c 102. the Powers of Two Afts of His prefent Majefty, for amending, 35 G. 3. c. 143. widening and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from Ludlowfacb to the Town of Llandovery ; and from thence to the River Amman9 in the County pf Carmarthen, and feveral other Roads in the fame County, communicating therewith; -and for making feveral new Branches, of Road to communicate with the faid Roads. (b)	[ift May	1813.]

[Additional Tru/lees. Former Tolls to ceafe, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.

Cap. lxv.

An Aft for making and maintaining a Carriage Road from Padbrooke Bridge in the Parifh of Cullompton, to Ha%el Stone in the Parifh of Broad Clifty in the County of Devon. (b) £ift May 1813.]

[Extra Tolls on Sunday, in certain cafes.]

Cap. Ixvi.

An Aft -for exchanging Part of the fettled Eftates of the Righfc Honourable Francis Earl of Moira, fituate in England, for Part of the Eftates of the Right Honourable Flora Mure Countefs o^

Loudoun, his Wife,fituate in Scotland. (q.P.) [ift May 1813.]

3 F 4	Cap.



8o8

C. Ixvii—lxxiv.

5 3” GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

40 G.J. (1.) c 10a

Cap. Ixvii*

An Aft for inclofing Lands in Long Afhton% in the County of Somcrfet. (q.P*)	[ift	May	1813.]

Cap lxviii.

An A ft for inclofing Lands within the Manor of Rampijbam in the Parifhes of Rampijbam and Wejl Cbelborougby in tne County of Dorfet. (q.P.)	[id May	1813-]

« Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, § 20.

[Note, the Evidence Claufe to this A9 differs in the following refpeBs ; viz. “ And it is laftly enafted” injlead of ct And be it further enafted” and leaving out the Words M by any of them.”]

Cap. lxix.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Townlhip of Flint9 in the County of Flint. (q.P.)	[ift May	1813.]

" Allotment to His Majefty, § 26. 48.

Cap. lxx.

An Aft for reviving, amending and making perpetual, an A ft palled in the Parliament of Jrelandy in the Fortieth Year of the Keign of His prefent Majefty, for the better Regulation of the Butter Trade of the City of Corky and the Liberties thereof; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned. [21ft May 1813.]

Cap. lxxi.

An Aft for regulating Covent Garden Market.

[21ft May 1813.]

Cap. Ixxii.

5a G. 3. c.cxlix. An A A for enlarging the Powers of an Aft of His prefent Majefty for widening and improving Upper Eajl Smitbjuldt in the Parilh of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, in the County of Middlefex.

[21ft May 1813.] [For Ref due of Term under former ABj\

6 Ann. Vol. iu. P- 758.

jiG.a. c 59. a6 G.3. c.19.

Cap. lxxiii.

An Aft for altering and amending Three Afts of the Sixth Year of Queen Anne9 the Thirty fecond Year of King George the Second, and the Twenty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for erefting a Workhoufe ia the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon9 and for fetting the Poor on Work, and maintaining them there.	[21ft	May	1813.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Aft for enabling William Ogilvie Efquire, to purchafe Lands for opening fufficient Roads to and Communications with the Harbour • of Ardglafs, in the County of Down.	[21ft May	1813.]

Cap.



AJD.i8i3-

53° GEO. III.

C.lxxv-—lxxviii.

809

Cap, Ixxt.	t

An Aft for amending an Aft of the Tenth Year of His prefent 10 G. 3. c. 105. Majefty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal, 30 G. 3. c.73. and Waggon Way, from the Collieries in the Parifhes of Old and New MonJtland, to the City of Glafgow, [21ft May 1813.]

Cap, Ixxvi.

An Aft for altering and amending an Aft made in the Twenty a;G.3. c.65. feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, for confirming a Charter or Letters Patent granted by His Majefty to the Royal College and Corporation of Surgeons of the City of Edinburgh, and for eftablifiiing a Fund for a Provifion to the Widows and Children of the Members of the faid Corporation and their Clerk.

[21ft May 1813.]

Cap, lxxvii.

An Aft for erefting and maintaining a new Gaol, and other Buildings, See 48 G. 3. for the County and City of Edinburgh.	[21ft May 1813.] *■ x*6.

Cap. lxxviii.

An Aft for making an equal County Rate for the County of Oxford.	[21ft May 1813.]

4 TT7HEREAS the Afiefiments by which the County Rates are

*	VV collefted in the County of Oxford, are become very difpro-4 portionate and unequal, and it is therefore expedient that Power 4 and Authority (hould be given to the Jufticcs of the Peace for the 9 faid County of Oxford, in their General or Quarter Seffions

*	aifembled, to make a fair and equal County Rate, and for that

*	Purpofe to affefs and tax rateably and in due Proportions all and 9 every the Parifties, Towns, Liberties, Precinft s, Villages, Hamlets € and Places within the faid County, heretofore fubjeft and liable to 4 the Authority and Jurifdiftion of the faid Juftices as to the aflefiing 4 or levying of the County Rates, according to the annual Rent or 4 Value of Eftates therein, for and towards the fameMay it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted 5 and be it enafted by the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority

of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this Aft, the Juftices of the Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Oxford, in their General Pe4C«in Seffions or Quarter Seflions afiembled, or at auy Adjournment or Adjourn- a<ref* ments thereof, (hall have full Power and Authority, and they are ** hereby required from time to time, to aflefs and tax to the County Rates every Parifh, Town, Liberty, Precinft, Village, Hamlet and Place within the faid County, heretofore fubjeft and liable to the	:

Authority and Jurifdiftion of the faid Juftices as to the aflefiing or levying of the County Rates, rateably and in equal Proportions, according^to the Annual Rent or Value of Eftates within each Parifh, Town, Liberty, Precinft, Village, Hamlet and Place refpeftively.

II. And be it further enafted, That at the next General Quarter Rental of Seflions of the Peace to be holden in and for the faid County of County dtlirerel

Oxford



8io

C. Ixxviii.

to Quarter Sef-fient

Churchwardens and Oveifeer* not making Returns.

penalty.

Warrant*

12 O. 2. C. 29*

Par idles may be affeflcd, although no Return made.

53* GEO. III.	A.D.	ifoj.

Oxford after tlie paffing of this Ad, or at the next fubfequwt General Quarter Seilions, and from time to time daring the Execution of this Ad, when required by the Juft ices affembled it any General Quarter Seffions of the Peace for the fame County, or by the Clerk of the Peace a&ing under their Authority, the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the feveral and refprCtirp Parifhes, Towns, Liberties, Precinds, Villages, Hamlets andPlaces within the faid County, (hall and they are hereby required to tnake a Return in Writing to the faid Juftices in Selfion affembled (which Return (hall be verified upon Oath in open Court, at the tune of delivering in the fame, by the Perlon or Perfons fa delivering in the fame), of the total Amount of the Rental or Value of the feveral Eftates and rateable Property within the Parifti, Town, Liberty, Precind, Village, Hamlet or Place to which they fell refpedively belong, charged or affeffed to the Poors Rate of andia fuch Parifh, Town, Liberty, Precind, Village, Hamlet or Place, at the time of making fuch Return, or liable fo to be; and the Mode adopted of making fuch Rate, whether it be to the full Value or in what Proportion thereof, (hall be ftated and pointed out ia Writing upon fuch Return, and verified as aforefaid by fuch Churchwardeni and Overfeers, in order that the faid Juftices may be enabled to difcover the real Amount of the Rental or Value of the Eftates within fuch feveral Pariihes, Towns, Liberties, Precind*, ViBagtf, Hamlets or Places.

III. And be it further enaded, That in cafe any Churchwarden or Overfecr of the Poor of any of the feveral Pariihes, Towns, Liberties, Precinds, Villages, Hamlets or Places within the (aid County, (hall negled or make Default in making any fuch Return in manner aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe each and every fuch Churchwarden and Overfeer of the Poor fo ncgleding or making Default (without fufficient Excufe, to be allowed by the (aid Juftices in their faid General or Quarter Seffion) (hall forfeit and pay fuch Sum and Sums of Money, not exceeding Ten Pounds, as dull or may be ordered or adjudged by the faid Juftices, in their General

Suarter Seffions affembled, by way of Penalty for fuch Negled or efault; and in cafe any fuch Penalty (hail not be forthwith paid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Juftices, in fuch SeSow affembled, and they are hereby direded to iffue their Warrant, figned by the Juftice adtng as Chairman of the Juftices at fuch Sdhoa, to tbe High Conftable of the Divifion where fuch Parifti, Torn, Liberty, Precind, Village, Hamlet or Place (hall be fituated, directing him to levy fuch Penalty upon the refpe&ive Goods and Chattels of each and every Churchwarden and Overfeer of tbe Poor of the Parifti, Town, Liberty, Precind, Village, Hamlet or Place fo negie&ing or making Default, in like manner and with fuch Powers and Authorities as the faid High Conftable is, bf m Statute made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His btt Majefty King George the Second, intituled Am A8 for the moreajj ajfejfmg, coUeBing and levying County Rates, veiled with for levyio? on die Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor the Sum a&fed for the County Rate.

IV. And be it further enaded, That if any Churchwarden or Churchwarden*, or Overfeer or Overfeers of the Poor, (hall neglcft or make Default in making fuch Return or Returns as aforefaid; or



A.D.1813.

53° GEO. III..

C.brxviii.

tfn

if it (hall happen that notwithflanding the incurring of any fuch Penalty or Penalties as aforefaid, for or on account of fuch Neglcft or Default, a Return for any Parifh, Town, Liberty, Precinft, Village, Hamlet or Place, (hall not be made within the time before limited for the making thereof 5 then and in every fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for the faid Juftices and they are hereby required, either at the faid Quarter Seflions or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, or at fome fubfequent General or Quarter Seffions to be held for the faid Gounty, or at fome Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, to rate and anefs each and every the Parilh, Town, Liberty, Precinft, Hamlet or Place, of which the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, or Overfeer or Overfeers of the Poor, (hall have fo neglefted or made Default in making fuch Return as aforefaid, fir and towards the faid County Rate, according to fuch Eftimate of the juit and fair annual Rent or Value of the Eftates within fuch Parifh, Town, Liberty, Precinft,

Village, Hamlet or Place, or Parifhes, Town (hips, Liberties, Pre-cinfts, Villages, Hamlets or Places refpeftively, as the faid Juftices (hall be able to procure by any other means than the Returns which are by this Aft required to be made as aforefaid, and to ord.r fuch Allowance and Compenfation to be made to the Conftables and other Perfons within the feveral Diftrifts and Divifions in the faid County, for their Expences and Trouble in procuring, collecting and levying the fame, as to the faid Juftices (hall appear reafonable and proper; and all fuch Allowances, Compenrations, and other Expences as (hall be thereby incurred, (hall be by the Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Oxford, in their General or Quarter Seilions, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof affembled, charged upon the Parilh, Town, Liberty, Precinft, Hamlet or Place of which the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overfeer or Overfeers of the Poor, (hall have fo neglefted or made Default as aforefaid, in Addition to the Proportion of the faid County Ratf to be paid by fuch Parifh,

Town, Liberty, Precinft, Village, Hamlet or Place 5 and fuch Allowances, Compenfations and Expences (hall and may be raifed, levied and collefted by fuch and the like ways and means as the faid County Rate can or may be raifed, levied and collefted, and fhall be paid therewith.

V.	And be it further enafted, That in any Parifh, Townfhip, Parifoes may be Liberty, Precinft, Hamlet, Extra-parochial Place or other Place	*hereno

in the faid County of Oxford, where no Rate is or fhall be made cow*#tlat#* and collefted for the Relief of the Poor, it fhall be lawful for the Juftices of the Peace for the faid County, in their General Quarter Seffions afTembled, or at any Adjournment thereof, to order and direft the Sum of Money which fhall from time to time be afTeffed as or for the County Rate upon fuch Parifh, Townfhip, Liberty,

Precinft, Hamlet, Extra-parochial Place or other Place, to be rated and levied on the Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupier's of Lands and Tenements therein, by fuch one or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, in fuch and the fame manner as any Rate for the Relief of the Poor is by Law direfted to be rated or levied 5 which Sum, fo rated and levied, fhall be paid by fuch one or more Inhabitant or Occupier, or Inhabitants or Occupiers, to the Chief Conflable of the Hundred or Divifion wherein fuch Parifh, Townfhip, Liberty, Precinft, Hamlet, Extra-parochial Place or other Place doth lie, within the Space of Thirty Days after

Demand



C. Ixxvin.

8U

53^ GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

Demand thereof made in Writing, to be given to fuch one or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, or left at his, her or their Dwelling Houfe or Houfes, by the laid Chief Conftable of fuch Hundred or Divifion, which Demand the faid Chief Conftable is hereby required to make at fuch times as the faid Juftices of the Peace fhall by their Order in Seflions direH; and in cafe fucb one or more Inhabitant or Occupier, or Inhabitants or Occupiers, (hall negleH or refufe to pay the Sum or Sums fo aflefled as or for a County Rate, after Demand made as aforefaid, fuch Chief Conftable Dlftrefs.	fhall and is hereby empowered to levy the fame by Diftrefs and Sale

of the Goods and Chattels of fuch one or more Inhabitant or Inha* bitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, fo refufing or negleHing to pay the fame as aforefaid, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of Oxford* rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducing the Money afleffed and the Charges of the Diftrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and if fuch one or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, fhall pay fuch Sum before the fame fhall be fo by him rated and levied as aforefaid, he, fhe or they may afterwards rate and levy the fame, or fhall and may be allowed and re-imburfed the faid Sum of Money by a Rate made or to be made upon all and every the Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers of Lands and Tenements within fuch Parifh, Townfhip, Liberty, PrecinH, Hamlet, Extra-parochial Place or other Place, which any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the faid County fhall order and direH; and fhall be fubjeH and liable to the fame Powers and Remedies for the Recovery thereof, by Diftrefs md Sale in cafes of Nonpayment, as are hereinbefore given to the Chief Conftable.

In what cafe VI. And be it further enaHed, That the faid Juftices of the Rental of whole Peace, or any Three or more of them, or the Clerk of the Peace for County reviled, the faid County ailing under their Authority, (hall and may and corrected and they and he are and is hereby authorized and empowered, from time afeenam .	tjme> whenever the fame may be, in the Judgment of fuch Juftices,

ncceffary for the better Execution of this AH, to caufe any of the Books of Affeffment of the Property or Income Tax, fo far as the * fame relate, or refer to, or in any wife concern the Statement of Property to be fet forth and dated in the Schedule (A.) contained in an AH pafied in the Forty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent 46G.J. c.65. Majefty, intituled An A8 for granting to Hit Majefiy, during tie prefent War, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of any definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, on Profits arifing from Property, Profejfions, Trades and Offices* and for repealing an A8 paffied in the Forty fifth Tear of His prefent Majefiy, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arifing from Property, Profejfions, Trades and Offices, and to conjolidate and render more effieSual the Provifions for code ding the faid Duties, and the Rental or Valuation by which fuch AffefTments are made, mentioned and deferibed within any Parifh or Place within the faid County, to be brought before them or him, and to take Copies or ExtraHs of and from fuch Books or any Part or Parts thereof, or to order and direH any Perfon to take fuen Copies or ExtraHs from fuch Books in the Hands of the Clerk to tlie CommifRoners or ColleHor, without having the fame brought before the Juftices as

aforefaid



C. lxxviii.

813

A.D.1813.	53=	GEO.	pi.

aforefaid, as they, he or any of them (hall think fit; fuch Com-penfation being made to the Parties producing the fame refpedively, as the faid Judices, or any Three or more of them, (hall think reafonable; and if any Perfon or Perfons in whofe Cuftody or Power any of the faid Books (hall be, (hall negled or refufe to attend the faid Juftices or the faid Clerk of the Peace with fuch Book or Books, or to permit any fuch Copies or Extrads thereof as afore-faid to be taken as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe every Perfon who (hall fo refufe or negled, (hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit penalty, and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders,

Perfon or Perfons fo making Default, together with the Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one Juftice of the Peace for the faid County, rendering the Overplus to the Party or Parties, refpedively on whofe Goods and Chattels fuch Diftrefs and Sale (hall be fo made as aforefaid ; and the fame Penalties or Forfeitures, when recovered and received (hall forthwith be paid to the Treasurer of the faid County, or of fuch Divifion thereof in which fuch Offence (hall arife, to be applied towards the Purpofes of this Ad.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That if the Church- Appeal warden or Churchwardens, Overfeer or Overfeers of the Poor of any Parifti, Town, Liberty, Precind, Village, Hamlet or Place in the

faid County, (hall at any time or times have reafon to believe that fuch Parifti, Town, Liberty, Precind, Village, Hamlet or Place is aggrieved by any Rate to be made in pursuance of this Ad, then and in every fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overfeer or Overfeers of the Poor, to appeal to the Juftices of the Peace for the faid County, at their next General or General Quarter Sefiions again ft fuch Part of the Rate only as may affed the Parifh, Town, Liberty, Precind,

Village, Hamlet or Place in which fuch Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overfeer or Overfeers, (hall ferve fuch Offices refpedivcly 5 and the faid Juftices are hereby empowered to hear and finally' determine the fame, and either to confirm fuch Rate, or to give fuch Appellant or Appellants fuch Relief as to them the faid Juftices in their Difcretion (hall appear fair, juft and equitable:

Provided neverthelefe, that upon fuch Appeal no fuch Rate (hall be ProviT*. quafhed or deftroyed, in regard to any other Parifti, Town,

Liberty, Precind, Village, Hamlet or Place, or Perfon or Perfons afTeffed thereby; any thing in this Ad, or any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

VIII.	And be it further enaded. That in cafe of any Appeals, Expenceiof

Adions, Suits or Proceedings at Law, as betwixt Parifti and Parifti,	Toea?

or betwixt any Perfon and Perfons, or any Parifti or Parifties, or any . c,IW>eAi* Perfon or Perfons refpedingany thing done in purfuance of this Ad

or any other Ad or Ads relating to the County Rate, the Expences of all fuch Appeals, Adions, Suits or Proceedings at Law, mall be borne and paid by fuch refpedive Parifties and Perfons, or fuch of them and in fuch Proportions, as the faid Juftices, upon any Appeal, in their General or Quarter Sefiions, (hall award and order the fame, or as fuch Courts wherein fuch Adions, Suits or Proceedings (hall be inftituted (hall adjudge and order, and (hall not be charged to or paid out of the County Rate.

IX.	And

 boogie

ft'4

Former A&s ex-temietl to Alt

XI 0.1. c.29.

I j G. %. c. 18.

Expence* of

Ad.

Limitation of Alt ions.

General I flue.

C.Ux?iii.	53* GEO. HI.	AJ)'i8ij<

IX.	And be it further enaded and declared. That all and every the Claufes, Powers, Directions, Provifions and Authorities contained in the faid Statute made in the Twelfth Year of ^be Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, intituled An Ad for tht more eafy cjfjfingy colleding and levying County Rates; and alfo fo much of another Statute made m the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Hh faid late Majefty King George the Second, intituled An AS to continue feveral Ads therein mentioned, for punijhing fueh Perfons as Jhall wilfully and malicioujly pull down or defray Turnpikes; for repairing Highways or Locks or other IVarks ended ly Authority of Parliament ; for making Rivers navigable ; for preventing ExsSiuu of the Occupiers of Locks and IVeirs upon the River of Thames Wtflwardy and for afcerlaining the Rates of Water Carriige ipctthe

faid River ; for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrejls ; and for better fecuring the lawful Trade of His Majcjly's Subjeds to and from the Eaft Indies, and for the more ejfcdual preventing all His Majefifi Subjeds trading thither under Foreign Commijfions ; and for iimititg the time for fuing forth Writs of Certiorari upon Proceedings before Juflices of the Peace, and for regulating the time and manner of afjyitg fur the fame ; for the better and more fpeedy Execution of Proem within particular Franchifes or Liberties, and for extending the Powers and Authorities of Juflices of the Peace of Counties touch*** County Rates, to the Juflices of the Peace of fuch Liberties atJ Franchifes as have Commijfions of the Peace within thmfelw, u relates to County Rates (fave and except fuch Parts thereof refpedively as are hereby varied, altered or repealed), (hall be good, valid and effedual for^ the Purpofcs of afleffiog, levying, collecting and enforcing the Payment of the Rate or Rates hereafter to be made in purfuance of this Ad, and for carrying this Aft into Execution.

X.	And be it further enaded, That the Treafurer of the faid County of Oxford (hall be and he is hereby authorized and required to obey any Order or Orders that (hall hereafter be made by the Juftices of the faid County at any General Quarter Seffions of the Peace or Adjournment thereof, for the Payment of the Cols Charges and Expences occafioned by the applying for and paffingtbu Ad, and alfo the Charges and Expences which (hall be incident to and attending the collecting of the faid Returns of the faid Church* wardens, Overfeers or other Perfons, and the making and arrangiug of the Rate to be made in purfuance of this Ad.

XI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That no Action or Suit (hall be brought, commenced or profecuted againil uy Perfon or Perfons for any thing done or to be done by virtue or ia purfuance of this Ad, after Three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, or the Caufe of fucii Adion (hall have anfeo; and every fuch Adion (hall be brought and laid in the County of Oxford, and not elfewhene ; and the Defendant or Defendants u every fuch Adion or Suit (hall and may plead, at his, her or their Eledion, fpecially or the General Ifiue, and give this Ad and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, aod that the fame was done in purfuaoce or by the Authority of this Aft}

, and if upon the Trial of fuch Adion or Suit it (hall appear to hue been fo done, or that fuch Adion or Suit (hall have been brought after the time limited for bringing the fame as aforefkid, or be

1 x	*	brought





C. lxxviii—kxxir.

A.D.1813.	53°	GEO.	III.



brought or laid in any other County than as aforefaid, then and in every of the faid cafes the Jury (hall find a Verdid for the Defendant or Defendants; and in all cafes where a Verdid (hall be found for any Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adion or Suit, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein fhall difcontinue the fame after the Defendant or Defendants fhall have appeared thereto, or fhall be nonfuited, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment fhall be given againft fuch Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every fuch cafe the Defendant or Defendants fhall recover Double Cofts, and have the like Remedy Double Coft* for recovering the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for recovering Cofts of Suit in any other cafes by Law.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad fhall be deemed Public Ad. and taken to be a Public Act, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

Cap. Ixxix.

An Act for amending, enlarging and extending the Powers of Two 49^;3 C- clrxxm. feveral Ads paffed in the Forty ninth and Fiftieth Years of His	c.csUr.

prefent Majefty, relating to the Execution of the Commiffion of Sewers for the Limits extending from Eafl Mouldfey in Surry, to Ravcnjbortte in Kent.	[21ft	May	18J3.]

tjUy. ISaai	j j G * c

An Ad for uniting the Interefts and Concerns of the Proprietors of 17 g. 3. c. 67. the Chefer Canal and Ellefmere Canal; and for amending the 180.3.0.21. feveral Ads of His prefent Majefty, relating to the faid Canals. 33 G. 3. 0.91.

[21 d May 1813.] 36G-3.cc.71.

[“ Tie United Company of Proprietors of the Ellefmere and Chefter 41 g. 3 (U.K.)

Canals99 incorporated.]	c.lxx.

42 G. 3. c.xx. 44 G. 3. c.liv. 50 G. 3. c. ixiv.

CapAxx\\.

An Ad for enlarging the Powers of an Ad of King George the 14 g. a. c. 24. Second, and an Ad of His prefent Majefty, for Draining Lands in 37 G.3. c. £8. Waterbeach Level, in the County of Cambridge.

[21ft May 1813.]

Cap. lxxxii.

An A d for more effedually paving, lighting, watching and improving *7 0-3* c. 4S* the Town of Margate, in the County of Kent.	[21ft	May 1813.J 39 G. 3. cJh ^

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Ad for paving, cleanfing* lighting, watching and otherwife improving the Streets aad other public Paffage3 and Places ia Kidderminjler, in the County of Worcefler. [21ft May 1813.]

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Ad for paving, lighting, watching and improving the Hamlet of Poplar and Blackmail, in the County of Aliddlefex; and for the - better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the faid Hamlet.

[21ft May 1813.]

Cap.

 LiOOQle

C.lxxxv—Ixzxvii.	530 GEO.III.	A.D.1813.

Cap. lxxxv.

An Aft for providing additional Burying Ground for the Parilh of Saint Mary Abbotts Kenfington, in the County of Middlefex.

[21ft May 1813.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

An A ft for building a Chapel of Eafe for the Parilh of Clapham* in the County of Surry.	[21ft May 1813.]

Cap lxxxvii.

An Aft to amend an Aft, paffed in the Fifty firft Year of His prefent Majefty, for erefting a Bridge over the River Thames, from the City of London to the oppofite Bank in the Parifh of Saint Saviour, in the County of Surry.	[21ft May 1813.]

51G.3. c.dxv. « YT^HEREAS by an Aft, paffed in the Fifty firft Year of the * VV Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for treSingn 4 Bridge over the River Thames, from or near the Three Cranes, n the ‘ Part/hes of Saint James Garlick Hy the, and Saint Martin Vintry, is 4 the City of London, to the oppofite Bank of the faid River, iu the 4 Parifh of Saint Saviour, in the County of Surry, and for making § 59•	" proper Streets and Avenues to communicate therewith, it is, among#

4 other things, enafted, that nothing in the faid Aft contained ibould 4 extend, or be conftrued to extend, to authorize and empower the 4 Company of Proprietors, incorporated for the Purpofes of the fiud 4 Aft, to take any Lands, Grounds, Houfes, Tenements or Premifes, 4 for the Purpofes of the faid Aft, or to proceed with the Works 4 therein authorized to be made, until a fufficient Number of Sub-4 fcribers fhould have been obtained who would undertake to raife the 4 Sum of Three hundred thoufand Pounds, fuch Subfcription to be 4 obtained within the Space of Eighteen Calendar Months from the 4 palling of the faid Aft, to be proved to the Satisfaftion of the 4 Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the City of London* 4 or to the Judices of the Peace for the County of Surry, afiembled 4 at any General Quarter Seftions of the Peace to be hoiden in and 4 for the faid County, and to be fubjeft to all the Provifoes and 4 Enaftments therein contained in refpeft of any or fuch Sura or 4 Sums of Money mentioned in the faid Aft: And whereas many 4 Perfons have fubferibed to the faid Undertaking fince the paffipg 4 of the faid Aft, but, owing to the peculiar Exigencies of the Timet, 4 a fufficient Number of Subfcribers have not yet been obtained who 4 will undertake to raife the faid Sum of Three hundred thoufand 4 Pounds, and the faid Period of Eighteen Months expired on the 4 Fifteenth Day of December One thouland eight hundred and 4 twelve: And whereas the faid Company of Proprietors conceive 4 that they (hall be enabled to obtain a fufficient Number of Suh-4 fcribers who will undertake to raife the faid Sum of Three hundred 4 thoufand Pounds, on being allowed further time for that Purpofe, 4 and it is expedient to amend the faid recited Aft :* May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it eoafted by the King’s Molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the 14	lame,

SM14G.3.

e.i».



Ctlxxxviu

A .D. 1813.	530 GEO.	III.

817

fame. That the time for obtaining Subscriptions for raifing the faid Period for ob-Sum of Three hundred thoufand Pounds (nail be extended Eighteen ta,ninS Subfciip-Calendar Months from the Day of palling this A&, and that the faid t,ons en recited A& fhall operate and be conflrued, and that all Claufes, Conditions, Powers, Provifoes and Dire&ions therein contained, (hall be and continue in full Force and Effe& for fuch extended Period in fuch and the fame or the like way and manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the faid extended Period had been inferted in the faid recited Ain (lead of the faid Space of Eighteen Calendar Months from the palling thereof.

II.	And be it further enafted, That the Piers and Abutments of jjow pjcfJ ^ the faid intended Dridge (hall be conflru6ted and made in a fub- Abutment# flantial and workmanlike manner, according to the Principles of a made. Specification hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay, the Ground on

which the faid Piers and Abutments fhall be ere&ed, fhall be fecurcd by driving Piles of fufficient Strength, Length and Number, with Two or more Courfes of Timber (each Courfe being at leall One Foot in Thicknefs), placed on the Tops of fuch Piles; and that the faid Piles and Courfes of Timber for fecuring the faid Piers, fhall extend not lefs than Five Feet in Length, ana Five Feet in Breadth at every Part thereof beyond the Shaft and falient Angles of the faid intended Piers, fo as to cover a Space of Ground nearly Twice the Size of the fame Pier at High Water Height 5 and that the Piles and Courfes of Timber for fecuring the faid Abutments, fhall be fufficient to render the faid Abutments perfe&ly fecure, and to prevent the Poflibility of their linking or giving way ; and that the fame Piers and Abutments fhall be conftru&ed of folid Mafonry, the Outfide to be cafed for at lead Two Feet and One-half in Thicknefs, with Dundee Craigheith, or Derbyshire Stone, or other Stone of equal good Quality, and the Infide with Whitby or other Stone of a Quality equally good, without any Rubble-worit either in the faid Piers or in tne folid Part of the laid Abutments, but fuch Rubble-work may be ufed in the Wings or Land Arches, or the Abutments of the Wings or dry Arches.

III.	And be it further ena&ed. That One Pier of the faid in- Piers eredtd tended Bridge fhall be condru&ed and finifhed up to the Springing One by One be-of the intended Arches, before the other Pier fhall be begun, or any the Abut-Preparation made in the River for that Purpofe 5 and that wheu the ™ent4»

faid Pier is completed, the other (hall be completed as aforefaid, fo !he Lon-" that only One of the faid Piers (hall be conftru&ing at one and the aou Abutment* fame time, and that in like manner the Abutment of the faid intended Bridge, on the Surry Side thereof, fhall be conftru&ed and completed up to the Springing of the Arch before that on the London Side i9 begun, and when and after the faid lad mentioned Abutment fhall be completed, but not before, the Abutment of the faid intended Bridge on the London Side thereof fhall be conftru&ed and built.

Iv. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That the faid p^,,anaAfrut-Company of Proprietors (hall not proceed to place or fix, or to caufe mems certified to be placed or fixed, any of the Irvin Work on the faid intended to have been Piers and Abutments of the faid intended Bridge, unlefs and until properly the faid Piers and Abutments fhall have been certified to be well cute<1 b^or® and fatisfa&orily finifhed and completed according to the Speci- \voiksar« ^ fication hereinbefore contained, by John Rennie, Civil Engineer, placed on any qt in cafe of his Death or Refufal to certify the fame, by fome ofthePiersai 53 Geo. HI.	3	G	Two	Abutments.

8i8

C. lxxxvii.

53* GEO. HI.

A.D.1813.

Money applied to Conrtru^tion of Br idge,

Provife.

Two Engineers, One of them to be appointed for that Purpofe by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council affemblcd, at the Requeft of the faid Company of Proprietors, and the other by the faid Company j and m cafe filch Two Engineers (hall not agree as to the making fuch Certificate, then by fuch Third Engineer, as (hall be appointed by the Two fir ft chofen.

V. Provided always, and be it further enaded. That fo fooa as the Monies to be fubferibed and raifed for the Purpofe* of the faid recited A&, and of this A&, (hall amount to the Sum of Two hundred and fifty thoufand .Pounds, the fame Sum of Two hundred and fifty thoufand Pounds (hall, after fetting afide the Sum of Thirty thoufand Pounds, Part thereof, be inverted in the Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Bank Annuities, in the Names of Sir Charles Price and Sir IVillian Curtis Baronets ; and of George Holme Sumner, Samuel Thornton and William Mellijh Efquires ; as by the faid recited A& is dire&ed, be appropriated and fet apart for the Condru&ion and Ere&ion of the laid intended Bridge, and no Part thereof (hall be applied for improving, widening or making any Streets, Ways or Approaches, or any other the Purpofes of this A&, until the faid intended Bridge (hall be in every refped finirtied and completed: Provided neverthelefs, that any Monies fubferibed and raifed after the faid Sum of Two hundred and fifty thoufand Pounds (hall have been appropriated as aforefaid, may be applied for any of the Purpofes of the faid recited Ad, or this Ad, in fuch a manner as the laid Company of Proprietors (hall think proper.

VT. And be it further enaded, That in cafe at any time hereafter the Iron Arches of the faid intended Bridge, or any of them, IhaQ fall or give way, fo as to obftrud or endanger the Navigation of the faid River, then and in fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for the (aid Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the faid City of jLondon^ in Common Council aflembled, or their Agents, Servants or Workmen, to take away the faid Iron Work and other Materials which (hall have fallen or given way as aforefaid, and fell the fame for their own Benefit, towards defraying the Expences of moving the fame, and the Damages occafioned by, or by means of fuch Failure as aforefaid, unlets the faid Company of Proprietors (hall forthwith, and with all due Diligence, take away the Iron Work and Materials which lhall have fo fallen or given way as aforefaid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the find made for Lofc of Company of Proprietors, or Court of Dire&ors, or their Treafurer or Treafurers for the time being, (hall, and they are hereby autho-Saint Martin's rized and required, by and out of the Monies to arife and be Vintry,and Sait# received by virtue of the faid A&, to pay to the Colle&ors or James GarHck Receivers of the AAe Aments for Land Tax and Poor's Rate, Coo* folidated Rate or Rate for paving, cleanfing and lighting. Watch Rate, Sewer Rate and Trophy Tax within the Parilhes of Sakt Martin Vintry, and Saint James Gar Vick Hytbe refpe&ively, or the Ward of Vintrjy in the City of London, all fuch Sums of Money as (hall be deficient in the Produce of the faid AiTefiments, Ratn and Taxes, by reafon of the taking down Houfts and Buildings, or otherwise in confequence of the Alterations and Works authorized to be made by the faid recited A&, according to the Produce

If any Arch give* way, Corporation authorised to remove and fell the Iron and Materials which have given way.

Compensation

Hythe.

 LiOOQle

C.lxxxvii. IxxxviiL

§

I

AD.1813.

53* GEO. HI.

of the faid feveral AfTeflments and Rates and Taxes refpeftively, from Lady Day One thoufand eight hundred and twelve to Lady Day One thoufand eight hundred and thirteen ; and they, the faid Collectors or Receivers, may, and thev are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time, as often as the faid AfTeflments,

Rates and Taxes (hall be made and allowed, or become payable, to demand, recover and receive the fame of and from the faid Company of Proprietors, or Court of Directors, or their Treafurer or Treafurers for the time being, as an Equivalent in lieu of fuch AflefT-ment8, Rates and Taxes as aforefaid : Provided alfo, that when and Previfi* fo foon as a fufficient Number of Houfes (hall be ereCted and built by virtue of the faid recited Ad, and (hall be rated, or become liable to the Payment of the faid AfTeflments, Rates and Taxes, and the Rates, Taxes and AfTeflments thereof (hall amount to as much Money as the Deficiences aforefaid, that then and from thenceforth, the Equivalent above mentioned and direfted to be paid by the faid Company of Proprietors, or Court of Directors, or their Treafurer or Treafurers for the time being, to the faid refpeftive Commiflioners and their Succeflors, and to the faid refpeftive Collectors or Receivers as aforefaid, fhall ceafe, and be no longer payable; and that when and fo foon as any fuch Houfe or Houfes fhall be built, and the Affeffments, Rates and Taxes thereon fhall not be fufficient to anfwer the faid Equivalent, that then the faid refpec-tive Collectors or Receivers fhall allow and give Credit to the faid Company of Proprietors or Court of Directors, or their Treafurer or Treafurers for the time being, for fo much Money as fhall be received in refpeCfc of the faid feveral Affeffments, Rates and Taxes, from the Owners and Occupiers of fuch Houfe or Houfes in dif-charge of the faid Equivalent, as far as the fame will extend, they the laid Company of Proprietors, or Court of Directors, or theif Treafurer or Treafurers for the time being, paying, and being liable to pay, the Remainder of the faid Equivalent; and in cafe any Difference or Difpute fhall arife with refpeCt to the Amount of the Equivalent to be paid as aforefaid, by the faid Company of Proprietors, or Court of Directors, or their Treafurer or Treafurers for the time being, the fame fhall be fettled and adjufted br any Two or more of the Aldermen of the City of London, whole Adjuftment and Determination fhall be binding and conclufive on all ' Parties concerned.

VIII. And be it further enaCted, That this Aft fhall be deemed Public Aft# and taken to be a Public Aft, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

Cap. Ixxxviii.

An Aft to continue Three Afts made in the Fifteenth and Thirty firft *5 C* a. c. 8. Years of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second 5 31 G. 2* c*^9* and in the Thirty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, *l c* laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One fixth Part of a . Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which fhall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or fold within the Town of Kirkcaldy and Liberties thereof. (c)	[21ft May 1813.]

3 G 2

Cap.



820

C. lxxxix—xci*.

53* GEO. HI.

A.D. 1813*

3*C.3

^G.3. <

3i «. 3-

55 O. 3.

iz g.3.

i>C.2. 9 G. 3. G. 3

30 G.3.



Cap. lxxxix.

c. 119. An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His pre-fent Majefly, for repairing the Road from Peterborough to Tbomey, in the ljle of Ely> in the County of Cambridge, (a)

[21ft May 1813.] [Additional Trujlees. Formtr Tolls to ceafe, new Tolls granted.J

Cap. xc.

'• 88.	An Aft to alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Afts of His

. c. 124.	prefent Majefly for repairing the Highways from that Part of

c**34» Counter’s Bridge which lies in the Parifh of Kenfmgton, in the County of Middlfex leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounflowy to the Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge, in the Road to Colnbrcoky and federal other Roads in the faid County, fo far as the fame relate to the New DifriSl of Road therein deleribed.	[21ft	May 1813.J

[Former Tolls to ceafe, new Tolls granted. Half additional Tolls in certain cafes. Double Tolls gn Sunday. For Term under former ABs.~\

Cap. xci.

5* An Aft to continue the Term and enlarge tire Powers of an Aft of His prefent Majefly, for repairing the Road from Cornbill Burn to Milfield March Burn, and by Ford Bridge to Lowicky and other Roads in the faid Aft mentioned, in the Counties of Nor* thumberland and Durham ; and for making Two new Branches of Road to communicate therewith, (e)	[21ft	May 1813]

[Additional Trujlees.]

Cap. xcii.

An Aft for amending the Roads and Highways in the 1JU of Wight. [a)	[21 ft May 1813 ]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.

Cap. xciii.

c. 43. An Aft for continuing and amending Three Afts of His late and c. 87.	prefent Majefly, for repairing the Road from Hitchin to Bedford,

• c.iij.	an(j	Roads branching therefrom, through Henlow to Gerford

Bridge and to Arlefcyy in the Counties of Hertford and Bed* ford. (I)	[21ft May 1813.]

[Former Tolls to ceafe, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xciv.

6.94.' An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an A ft of His per-fent Majefly, for more effeftually repairing the Road from Stumf Crofs to Newmarket Heathy and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Cambridge; and for empowering the Truftces to ereft a Weighing Engine near to the faid Road. (£)

[21ft May 1813.]

[Additional Trujlees. Former Tolls to ceafe, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.J

Cap.





A.D.I5

53* GEO. III.

C. xcv—cin.

9tt

T3*

Cap. xcv.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Power® of Two Afts of His iaQ^.c.91. prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Downham Market 3»G,j. c.158. to the Queen's Head, and from the Cbecquer Inn in Downham Market to the Two Mile Clofe, in the Pari(h of Barton, in the County of Norfolk, (c)	[21ft May 1813.]

Cap. xcvi.

An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Steeple AJbton, in the County of IVills. (q. P.)	[21ft	May	1813.]

Cup. xcvii.

An Aft for vetting Part of the Eftates, fettled by the Will of Thomas Riddell Efquire, deceafed, in Truftees, to be fold ; and for applying the Money by fuch Sale arifing, in the Difcharge of Incumbrances affefting the fame; and for invetting the Refidne of

^fuch Money in the Purchafe of other Eftates in the County of Northumberland, to be fitted to the fame Ufes. (q. P.)

[21ft May 1813.]

Cap. xcviii.

An Aft for enabling the Principal and Scholars of Brazen Nofe CoU lege, Oxford, to fell the Manor and Farm of Gennings Court, Kent, to Sir John Gregory Shaw, Baronet, and to apply the Money thence arifing in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled to the fame IJfeB. (q. P.)	[21ft	May	1813.]

Cap. xcix.

An Aft for vetting the Settled Eftates of Robert Holden Efquire* fituate in the County of York, and Normanton, in the County of Nottingham, in Truft to be fold, and for laying, out the Purchafe Money in other Eftates, to be fettled to the fame Ufe8: (q. P.)	[21ft	May	1813.]

' Cap. c.

An Aft for vetting certain Eftates in the County of Wejlmorland in James Adam Efquire, difeharged of the Ufes of the Will of the Reverend James Barker, deceafed ; and for fettling other Eftates in lieu thereof; and for other Purpofes. (q. P.)

[21ft May 1813.]

Cap. ci.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Tburgoland, in the County of York* (q. P.)	#	[21ft	May	1813.]

Cap. cii. ^	»

An Aft for inclofing Lauds in the Parifh of Uphill, in the County of Somerfet. (q. P.)	[21ft	May	1813.]

Cap. ciii.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Buckden, in the County of Huntington, (q. P.)	[21ft	May	1813.]

** Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes* $	*3*	-

3 G 3	C*P'



C. civ—cx.

$3* GEO. in.

A.D.i8i3<

Zzt

Cap. civ.

An A& for incloling Lands in the Manor and Townftiip of Wihe, in the County of Tori. (q. P.)	[21ft	May	1813.3

Cap. cv.

7G.3. Cf88.	An Ad for repealing an Ad patted in the Seventh Year of the

*R*	Reign of His prelent Majefty, intituled An AS for dividing and

inclofing the Open Commons in the Manor of Shap, in the County of Weftmorland ; and for granting other Powers for dividing, allotting and incloling the faid Lands and Grounds, (q. P. V

[21ft May 1813.] u Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, § 19.23, 24.

Cap. cvi.

An Ad for incloling, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parilh of Stuieley, in the County of Huntingdon. (q.P.)

[21ft May 1813.3

u No Leafe of Lands by the Redor of King9! Ripton9 without Confent of His Majefty as Patron of the Redory, $ 31.

Cap. cvii.

An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Waterieaehy in the County of Cambridge. (q. P.)	([21ft	May	1813	3

li Allotments and Compenlations for Tithes, f 19.

Cap. cviii.

An Ad for incloling Lands in the Parilh of Elvetham9 in the County of Southampton. (q.P*)	[21ft	May	1813.3

Cap. cix.

An Ad for inclofing Lands within the Townlhips of Whittington and Newton with Docier, in the Parilh of Whittington* in the County Palatine of Lancajler. (q. P.)	[21ft	May	1813.3

Cap. cx.

An Ad to provide for the Diftribution, Payment and Application of certain Monies and Effeds, refunded or paid, or to be refunded or paid, by or on Behalf of the Government of Sweden, among the Perfons having Claims thereon in confequence of certain Detentions, Sequeftrations and Condemnations by that Government, in the Years One thoufand eight hundred and ten, One thoufand eight hundred and eleven and One thoufand tight hundred and twelve.	[3d	June	1813.3

f	HE RE AS divers Cargoes, Goods, Wares and Merchant

« VV dir.es, and other- Property, were, fome time in or about ♦ the Years One thoufand eight hundred and ten, One thoufand eight « hundred and eleven and One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, f fequeftrated, condemned or otherwife detained, in fome Ports or « Places in the Dominions or Within the Jurifdi&ion of the Kirig f of Sweden : And whereas at certain Meetings of the Perfots who f have fuftained Lottes in confcquencfe of fueh Sequeftrations, I>-5	«	teution«

 L,ooQle

C. cx.

823

A.D.i8i3*

53- G$Q. HI.

tentions and Condemnations held, in tbe City of London, on tbe Second Day of Augufl, and the Twenty ninth Day of November One thpufand eight hundred and eleven, John Atkins the elder, Thomas Wilfon, George IVood[, Thomas Row croft, John Anthony Rucker and Philip Frederick Behrends, all of the City of London, Merchants, were chofen as a Committee to a& on Behalf of all the Parties interefted, for the Purpofe of endeavouring to obtain the Refto ration of fuch Property, or fome Compenfation in refpeft thereof, or otherwife to a6t as it fhould feem to them expedient in relation to filch Property, and alfo to appoint Attornies or Agents to proceed to Sweden for the Purpofe of negotiating and entering into Arrangements with the Swedifh Go-vernment, or otherwife as might be deemed advifable for the Parties interefted in the faid Property 5 and the faid Committee did, with the Concurrence and Permiffion of His Majefty’s Government, fometime in or about the Month of December One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, duly empower Ifaac Aldebert and John Atkins the younger, of the City of London, Merchants, to proceed to Sweden for the Purpofes aforefaid 5 and the faid Ifaac Aldebert and John Atkins the younger did accordingly proceed to Sweden, and enter into Negotiation with the Swedijh Government in refpedf of the Matters fo entrufted to their Charge as aforefaid ; and in or about the Mouth of March One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, the faid John Atkins the younger returned to this Country, and reported to the faid Committee the Refult of fuch Negotiations : And whereas a great Number of Merchants and Underwriters and other Perfors interefted in the faid Property, did, by an Inftrument under their Hands and Seals, duly appoint the faid Ifaac Aldebert and John Atkint the younger, jointly on Behalf of all the Parties interefted in the faid Property, to a& as Attornies or Commercial Agents refpe&ing the Premifes, and in fuch Cha-ra&er or otherwife as mignt be requifite to enter into and conclude any Agreement or Treaty with the Government of the Kingdom of Sweden or Officers of the fame, or Perfons a&ing on Behalf thereof, for the Liberation or Reftitution of all or any of the Property detained, fequeftrated or condemned as aforefaid, or in refpe& of any Payment, Compenfation or Remuneration on account thereof, or to make any other Arrangements refpe&ing the Premifes, and to do all fuch A&s as might be reouifite for perfecting the fame: And Whereas the faid Ifaac Aldebert and John Atkins the younger have, under and by virtue or in purfuance of fuch Power and Authority as aforefaid, entered into an Agreement or Arrangement with the Government of the Kiugdom of Sweden, for the Reftitution of the faid Property, or the Proceeds thereof, or fome Parts thereof, or for fome Compenfation refpe&ing the fame: And Whereas in purfuance of fuch Agreement or Arrangement a confiderable Sum of Money hath been received by the faid Ifaac Aldebert and John Atkint the younger, as fuch Agents ?s aforefaid, and by them remitted to London i and the faid Ifaac Aldebert and John Atkins the younger are eipe#ed fhprtly to receive further Sums of Money on account pf the Property ah4 Effe&s fequeftrated, detained or condemned, as hereinbefore mentioned : And Whereas a great Number pf the reruns cUiiping to

3 0 +

4 be

Appointment of Commiffioneri,

Appointment of Hefereei.

Oath taken by Coimniilioners Rcierees.

C, cx.	53* GEO. HI.	A.D.1813.

*	be interefted in the Monies received and to be received under foch 4 Arrangement or Negotiation, being defirous that the (aid John 4 A thins the elder, Robert Shedden the elder of the City of London* 4 Merchant, and the faid Thomas IVilfon, John Anthony Rucker and

•	Thomas Rower oft* fhould be appointed Commiffioners or Truftees 4 for the Payment and Diftribution of fuch Monies, the Sum of

•	Ninety thoufand Pounds and upwards (the Monies already remitted 4 as aforefaid) hath been paid to them, and by them invefted in Exche-4 quer Bills: And Whereas it is expedient, in order to provide for 4 the due Payment and Application of the Monies received and to be 4 received as aforefaid, and for invefligating, afeertaining and deciding 4 on the Origin, Juftice and Amount of the feveral and refpedtive 4 Claims to be made on the Monies and Property received and to be 4 received as aforefaid, and the Rights and Interefls of all Parties 4 therein, and for the Safety and Indemnity of the Perfons diftri-4 buting or applying the faid Sums and Funds, that certain Perfons 4 fhould be appointed as Referees, and that the faid Referees, and 4 alfo the faid Commiflioners or Truftees, fhould have fuch refpec-4 tive Powers and Authorities, and fhould take fuch Oaths for the 4 faithful Difcharge thereof as hereinafter in thofe refpedtive Behalves 4 exprefTed and contained, and that the faid Funds fhould be pro-4 tedted againft Forgery, and that the feveral other Provifions and 4 Regulations hereinafter exprefTed fhould be made in relation thereto;

4 but inafmuch as the feveral Purpofes hereinbefore mentioned or 4 referred to, cannot be effedlually accomplifhed without the Autho-4 rity of ParliamentMay it therefore pleafe Your Majefly, that it may be ena&ed, and be it ena&ed by the King’s Mod Excellent Maieity, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual ana Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid John Atkins the elder, Robert Shedden, Thomas Wilfon* John Anthony Rucker and Thomas Rowcroft, ;-:nd their Succefforp to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned, (hall be and are hereby conflltuted and appointed Com-miffioners for the Receipt, Payment, Divffion and Diftribution of the Monies, Bills, EfFe&s and Property received and to be received by or from the Swedijh Government, or any Agents thereof, ifi refpc& of the Matters aforefaid; and that Jan es Campbell, of the City of London, Merchant, the faid George Wood and William Hutchins, Henry Septimus Hyde Wollajlon, James Bow Jen and William Silas Hathaway, alfo of the City of London* Merchants, and their Sue-cefTors, to be appointed in manner hereinafter mentioned, fhall be and they are hereby conftitiited and appointed Referees for the In-veftigation of the Origin, Juftice and Amount of the Claims to be tnade on the faid Monies and Propprty received or to be received as aforefaid in manner hereinafter exprefTed.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That fome Two of the Perfons who are hereby appointed as Commiffioners, of as Referees, or one of the faid Perfons appointed Commiffioners, and one of the faid Perfons appointed Referees, fhall before they enter upon the Execution of fuch Offices, refpe&ively take an Oath before the Mafter of the Rolls for the time being, or one of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Court of King’s Bench or Common Pleas, or Barons of the Exchequer, or the Lord Mayor of the City of London for the time being,

*	8	(which





C. cx.

9tS

A.D.1813.	53*	GEO.	III.

(which Oath they or any of them refpe&ively are and is hereby

authorized and required to adminifter) the Tenor whereof (hall be as followeth ; that is to fay,

4 T	do	fwear, that according to the bell of my Oath.

*	Judgment I will faithfully and impartially execute the feveral

*	Tufts, Powers and Authorities of a CommiHioner Tor Referee 4 as the cafe may require] under and by virtue of an Adl of Parliament

*	made and palled in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His

*	Majefty King George the Third, intituled An Ad [inferi the Title 4 of this Afll, according to the Tenor and Purport of the faid Aft.’

And every other of the faid Comnfiflioners and Referees in this Adl named (hall likewife take the fame Oath before the faid Two Perfons, who are hereby authorized and empowered to adminifter the fame, after they (hall themfelvea have taken the faid Oath as aforefaid.

III.	And be it further ena&ed. That if any or either of them NewCommif-the faid Commiftioners hereby appointed, or of the Commiftioners or J>oncrs and Re-Referees to be appointed under this prefent Provifion, (hall die, or in^^ofSeatb be deiirous of being difeharged from the faid Office, Duty or Truft £c#	*

of a CommiHioner, or go to refide beyond the Seas, or refufe or become incapable, or decline to adl further in fuch Trufts, Powers and Authorities, before the fame (hall be fully executed and performed, then and immediately on the happening of every fuch cafe, the other Perfons who (hall then be Commiffiouers by virtue of this Adl, or the major Part of fuch Perfons, (hall and they are hereby required forthwith, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to nominate and appoint any fit Perfon or Perfons to fupply the Place or Pisces of the CommiHioner or Commiftioners fo dying, defiring to be difeharged, or going to relide beyond the Seas, or refufing or becoming incapable, or declining to adl as aforefaid ; and immediately after every fuch Appointment of a Commiflioner or Commiftioners (hall have been fo made, all the faid Monies, Bills, Effects and Property, which under and by virtue or in purfuance of this Adl (hall then be fubjedl to the Trufts and Provifions of this Adl, (hall immediately become veiled in fuch new CommiHioner or Com-mifiioners jointly with the remaining, furviving or continuing CommiHioner or Commiftioners, upon the Trufts and for the Purpofes of this Adi, or fuch of them as (hall then remain to be performed; and that if any or either of them the faid Referees hereby appointed, or if the Referees to be appointed under this prefent Provifion, (hall die, or be deiirous of being difeharged from the faid Office, Duty or Truft of a Referee, or go to relide beyond the Seas, or refufe or become incapable, or decline to adl further in fuch Trufts, Powers and Authorities, before the fame lhall be fully executed and performed, then and immediately on the happening of every fuch cafe, the other Perfon or Perfons who (hall then be Referee or Referees by virtue of this Adl, or the major Part of them, (hall, and he and they is and are hereby required forthwith, by Writing under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals to nominate and appoint any fit Perfon or Perfons to fupply the Place or Places of the Referee or Referees fo dying* defiring to be difeharged, or going to refide beyond the Seas, or refufing or becoming incapable, or declining to ad as-aforefaid ; and immecfiately after every fuch Appointment of a

new



Provifo.

Three Commit* (loners or Referees may *tt.

Monies, ftc. remitted and to be remitted, veiled inCommilfioneis.

paving the Rights of ICiac Aldebert aud John Atkins Junior.

new Commiffioner or ConMaifioners, Referee or Reftreo*, (hall be fo made as aforefaid, every fuqh new Commiffioner and Referee (hall have and may exercife all the fame or the like Rowers* Privileges and Authorities whatfoever, as if he had been appointed a Commiffioner or Referee by this Aft, and as if his Name had been exprefsly inferted in this Aft : Provided neverthelefs, that no fuch Perfon (had be competent to aft as fuch Commiffioner or Referee as aforefaid, until he (hall have taken the Oath hereinbefore preferibed, before Two of the Perfons who (hall then be Commiffioners or Referees, or One of the then Commiffioners, or One of the then Referees who (hall have previoufly taken the faid Oath, and which Oath they are hereby authorized and required to adminftter to every fuch new Commiffiooer and Referee accordingly.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That any Three of the Cota-miffioners for the time being, and any Three of the Referees for the time being refpeftively, (hall have full Power and Authority to aft, do and perform all Matters and Things whatfoever which by this Aft are entrufted and required to be done by the faid Commiffioners and Referees refpeftively; and that all Afts, Deeds, Matters and Things, done, executed or performed by Three of the faid Commiffioners, (hall be as valid and eifeftual as if the fame had been done by all the faid Commiffioners ; and all Afts, Matters and Things done, executed and performed by Three of the faid Referees (hall be as valid and cffeftual as if the fame had been done by all the faid Referees

V.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Sum of Ninety thoufand Pounds fo inveiled in Exchequer Bills as aforefaid, and the faid Exchequer Bills, and all other Securities for the fame, aud all other Monies, Bills, Effefts and Property whatfoever already received or obtained, or hereafter to be received or obtained by the faid IJans Aldebert and John Likins the younger, or either of them, or by aay other Perfon or Perfons, of or from the Swedi/b Government or the Officers thereof, or otherwife, in refpeft of the Cargoes, Merchandizes, Effefts and Property fo fequeffratod, detained or condemned as aforefaid, under or by virtue of the faid Agreement or Arrangement with the Swedijb Government, or any other Agreement or Arrangement with the Swedijb Government, on account of fuch Sequeftrations, Detentions and Condemnations as aforefaid, (hail, from and immediately after the pafling of this Aft, be and become the Property of, and the fame are hereby veiled in, the faid Com. miffioners and their Succeflors to be appointed as aforefaid, difeharged of and from all Claims, Rights and Intereils whatfoever, of or by any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatfoever; but neverthelefs for the Purpofes and upon the Truftsof this Aft ; and all fuch Monies, Bills, Effefts and Property to be received or obtained by the faid Ifaae Aldebert and John Atkiiu the younger, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, (hall be deemed and taken in Law to be had and received to the Ufe of the faid Com-miffioners and their SucceiTors, upon the Trulls and for the Purpofes of this Aft.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That nothing ia this Aft contained, (hall be conftrued, deemed or taken to prejudice, deftroy, defeat, bar or take away any Claim or Demand what foe ver which the faid Jfaac Aldebert and Jofm Atkins the younger, or either of them, or either of their Executors and AwimfLntors

now





C. cr.

A.D. 1813.	53*	GEO.	III.

»*?

now or at any time hereafter have or (hall or might otherwise hare, claim or be entitled to, for or by Reafon or Means or in coniequence of their or any of their pall or future Services, Trouble, Attendance,

Afllftance and Diiburfemeats, touching or concerning all or any of the Monies and Property hereby veiled in the faid Conunifhoaers, or otherwise relating to all or any of the Matters and Things mentioned in this A61, by virtue of any exprefs or implied Undertaking or Agreement, or any Cuftom or Ufage of Trade or Commerce, Rule of Law or Equity, or otherwise howfoever.

VII.	And be it further enabled. That the Receipt and Receipts Receipts of of the faid Commiflioners for the time being, (hall fully and effe&ually Commiffionerj ; discharge the faid Ifaac Aldcbert and John Atkins the younger, or the va 1	‘c ar~eS*

Perfons or Perfon from whom the Money, Effe£b or Property for which each fuch Receipt (hall be given (hall therein be mentioned to have been received, of and from all fuch Sums of Money, Effe&s or Property as (hall in every fuch Receipt refpe&ively be acknowledged or exprefied to be received; and that the Dire&ion and Dire&ions in Writing of the faid Commiflioners for the time being under their Hands, (hall be a fufficient Warrant and Authority for the faid Ifaat f Aldcbert and John Atkins the younger, or fuch other Perfons or Perfon as the fame may concern, to pay, deliver, make over, remit or otherwise apply, in fuch manner as (hall be therein mentioned, fuch Monies, Bills, Effe&s and Property received or to be received by the faid Ifaac Aldcbert and John Atkins the younger, their Executors or Adminiftrators, or auy or either of them, or any other Perfon or Perfons, by virtue of the faid Agreement or Arrangement with the Government of the Kingdom of Sweden, or the Officers thereof or otherwife in refpedt of the Premifes, as (hall be refpe£ively mentioned in fuch Dire&ions or Direftion 5 and that when the faid Ifaac Aldcbert and John Atkins the younger, or any other Perfon er Perfons as aforefaid, (hall have paid, delivered or remitted any fuch Monies, Bills, Effects and Property, to or to the Order of, or otherwife applied the fame according to the Diredlion of the faid Commiflioners, under their Hands as aforefaid, they the faid Ifaac Aldcbert and John Atkins the younger, or their Executors or Admini(lrator8, or other fuch Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, (hall be and is and are hereby releafed, exonerated and difeharged of and from all refponfibility or liability in refped of fuch Monies, Bills,

Effects or Property, and (hall not, after having paid, remitted or applied the fame as aforefaid, be liable to any Claim on account thereof, or bound to fee to the Application thereof, or be anfwerable or accountable for the Mifapplication or Nonapplication of the fame.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That the Power not t0 *** hereby given to the faid Commiflioners (hall not revoke, or in any Y’^rPawer °* refpe& abridge or controul the Powers and Authorities hereinbefore orueJ' mentioned to have been granted to and veiled in the faid Ifaac

AUebert and John Atkins the younger, except fo far as fuch Power* and Authorities are incompatible ; but neverthelefs, that the faid Powers or Authorities given to the faid Ifaac Aldcbert and John Atkins the younger as aforefaid (hall be revocable by the (aid Commiflioners.

IX.	And be it further eoa&ed, That the Referees for the time R«fe**e* c,*l being do and Audi aa4 they we hereby required, within Twenty 00 claunamtt

eight



 CjOOQle

8aS

C.cx.

53° GEO. UI.

A.D.1813.

for Vouchers,	eight Days next after the pafling of this Aft, to caufe Notiee

*c*	to be given by Advertifement in the London Gavutte, for all Perfons,

Bodies Politic and Corporate, claiming any Intereft in the (aid Monies, Bills, Effefts and Property hereby veiled in the (aid Commiflioners, to deliver to them the faid Referees for the time being, or as they may require. Statements and Accounts in Writing of the refpeftive LofTes fuftained by them or tbofe under whom they refpeftively claim, in confeauence or by rcafon of the faid Sequeftrations, Detentions or Condemnations, and of all their refpeftive Claims to Reftitution or Compenfation in refjped of fnch Lofle9, out of the Monies, Effefts and Property hereby vefted in the faid Commiflioners, and alfo to fhew or deliver as aforefaid all or any Invoices, Bills of Lading, Policies of Infurance, Bills of Parcels, Vouchers, Documents, Papers and Writings whatsoever, which may by fuch Referees be tnought neceffary to prove and When Amount fubflantiate fuch LofTes and Claims ; and when the Amount of any of Claims afeer- fuch Claim or Claims fhall be fubftantiated and afeertained to the to Tve Cteni-Ce* Satisfaftion of the faid Referees, they are hereby required to deliver a?*: l~ *° every Per^on> Body Politic or Corporate, whofe Claim fhall be fo fubftantiated and afeertained, or to his or her Executors, Ad-miniftrators or SuccefTors, a Certificate in Writing, in fuch Form as to the faid Referees fhall feem proper, of the Amount for which each fuch Perfon, Body Politic or Corporate is entitled to claim, and alfo a Duplicate of fuch Certificate, the faid Certificate and Duplicate to be refpeftively figned by the faid Referees ; and upon the Receipt of every fuch Certificate, the Perfon, Body Politic or Cor-

?orate receiving the fame, is direfted and required, within Fourteen lays from the Receipt thereof, to deliver to and depofit with the find Commiflioners, or One of them, or their Clerk or Agent, one Part of every fuch Certificate, and to retain the other Part thereof ia his or their own Cuflody ; and when any Dividend or Diftribution of the Monies, Bills, Effefts and Property hereby vefted in the faid Com-miffioners, fhall be made as hereinafter mentioned, the Perfon, Body Politic or Corporate holding any fuch Duplicate Certificate, fhall be entitled to receive of and from the faid Commiflioners a juft and rateable Proportion, by way of Dividend or Share, of the faid Truft Fund, according to the Amount exprefled in every foch Certificate as aforefaid, when compared with the total Amount exprefled in all the Certificates to be granted under this piefent Claufe or Provifioo. X. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That in all cafes Glairoants under where any Claim fhall be made by or on Behalf of any Perfon being rimttd^to under any Difabiiity of Infancy or Coverture, or who fhall be an Idiot TfuiUes. or non comP°* mentis, or fhall be in Parts beyond the Seas, or where the Monies which would be receivable under any Claim (ball be fubjeft to any Truft, Contingency or Limitation whatfoever, which may render it imprafticable or inconvenient to procure an effe&ual and available Releafe or Difcharge for the fame, and generally in all cafes where it fhall, in the Judgment of the faid Referees, be ins-prafticable or inconvenient to procure an efieftual or available Difcharge for the fame, it fhall be lawful for the faid Referees, and they are hereby required, in every fuch cafe, to give or grant the Certificate and Duplicate Certificate of every fuch Claim as aforefaid^ when the fame fhall have been fubftantiated in manner aforefaid, to and in the Name or Names of One or jqore Truftee or Troftcqs for

the

On receiving Certificated within Fourteen Days from Receipt, to lodge one Part with Commiflioners. When Dividend made, holder of Duplicate entitled to receive f-me.

Certificates of

 C^ooQle

..X3.1813.

53° GEO. HI.

C.cx.	U29

e Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto, fuch Truftee or Truftees to approved by the faid Referees ; and every fuch Certificate to b« anted as laft aforefaid, (hall be of the like Force and EffeCt for \ fcharging the faid Commiflioners, and for all other the Purpofes of is A&r, as the Certificates to be granted under the Claufe or rovihon la illy hereinbefore contained.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That it (hall and may be lawful for Referees sutho-ie Referees for the time being, as often as they (hall think proper, y Writing to be figned by them, to require the faid Commiflioners to	on"

ake out and deliver to them the faid Referees upon Oath (which Comniffioners >ath the faid Referees are hereby authorized and empowered to ad- lor an Account liuifter), a Statement or Account of all Monies and Sums of Money, on Oath of ►ills, EfFeCts and Property received or poflefled by them the faid Com- ndtCerti£H*e<,t ii(Iioner8, or any or either of them refpedlively, or any Perfon or 1^^/.	01181

‘erfons by their Order or for their Ufe, or by the Order or for the Jfe of any or either of them refpeCtively under or by virtue of this or otherwife, in refpeCt of the faid Truft Property and of their )ifpofition and Application thereof, and of the Cods, Charges and Cxpences, Payments, Difburfements and Sums of Money claimed by hem and each of them refpe&ively, to be allowed to them as fucli Commiflioners out of the faid Truft Funds, and alfo a Lift or State-nent of all the Certificates lodged as hereinbefore directed, and the Drders for Refervations to be depofited with the faid Commiflioners inder the Provifion hereinafter contained, up to the Day of the Date >f fuch Notice, or any other Day therein to be mentioned, in order to hew the Amount of the faid Truft Funds then in the Hands of the aid Commiflioners, and of the feveral Claims thereon ; and thereupon tnd thereupoi t (hall and may be lawful for the laid Referees for the time being, by Referees toor-»n Order or Warrant in Writing to be figned by them or any Three der what Divi* nr more of them, directed and delivered to the laid Commiflioners, Or <le“d ^all be left at their refpe&ive Offices or Dwelling Houfes, to order and ma"e* direCt the faid Commiflioners, within a time to be therein mentioned, to pay and divide unto each of the Perfons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who (hall have depofited with the faid Commiflioners, on or before a certain Day in the faid Order or Warrant to be mentioned, the Certificate or Acknowledgment of the Amount of his, her or their Claim in manner hereinbefore diredted, fuch a Dividend or Share of the faid Truft Fund, in proportion to the feveral and refpeCtive Claims allowed, as they the faid Referees (hall think proper; and fuch Order pro4u^jon ^ or Warrant in Writing, and the refpe&ive Certificate or Certificates Certificate and which (hall have been fo<lepofited with the faid Commiflioners as afore- Receipt of Per-faid, on or before the Day mentioned in the faid Order or Warrant, ton holding it, (hall be a fufficient Authority for the faid Commiflioners to pay tp fuffic,ent every Perfon, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whom any fuch Certi-	°m-

ficate (hall have been granted as aforefaid, either in his or their own Right, or as fuch Truftee or Truftees as aforefaid, and to his or their Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeflors or Afligns, the refpective Dividends or Dividend payable in refpeCt thereof; and the refpective Receipts or Receipt of every fuch Perfon, Body Politic or Corporate, their or his Executors, Adminiftrators, Succeflors or Afligns, or of fotne Officer or Agent of fuch Body Politic or Corporate, together with fuch refpe&ive Certificates or Certificate, (hall be a fufficient Dif-charge to the faid Commiflioners for the refpeCtive Sums or $um of Money paid by them or him in obedience, tq fuch Order oj* Warrant,

aud





C.Ct»

53« geo. nr.

A.D.1813.

Parties not attending and fob-AantiatiagClaWna within Twenty eight Days after Notice, excluded from next Dividend.

If more than One Dividend, fuch Party paid further Dividends.

Dividends of Parties not fub-ftantiating Claims previous to Firft Dividend, referved *>y Ct/ttinuf-

nnd in fuch refpe&ive Receipts or Receipt acknowledged to have been received, without any Liability in the faid Comraiilioners to enquire into or to be accountable for the Application, Non-application tor Mifapplication of the Monies to be paid to any fuch Truftee or Truftees.

XII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That every Claimant on the faid Monies, Effe&s and Property vetted in the faid Commiffioners as aforefaid, and the Executors, Adminiftrator* or Affigns of every fuch Claimant, who fhall not after being thereunto required by the Referees for the time being, or their Agent, by a Notice in Writing under the Hands of the faid Referees for the time being, or their Agent, and delivered to the fame Claimant, or his or her Executors or Adminiftrators, or left at his, her or their Dwelling Houfe, Office or Counting Houfe, Twenty eight Days $t lead before the time of Meeting therein to be mentioned, or by a Notice by or on Behalf of the (aid Referees or their Agent, to be inferted in the London Gazette on a Day at leaft Twenty eight Days before the time of fuch Meeting, and fpecifying the Day, Hour and Place of fuch Meeting, attend either in Perfon or by forae Agent, before the faid Referees for the time being, at the Time and Place of Meeting therein to be mentioned, and appointed, and then and there either lubftantiate his, her or their Claims upon the faid Truft Fund, to the Satisfa&ion of the faid Referees, or (hew fome good Caufe to the faid Referees for the Default in not fubftantiating the fame, or for not attending, fhall (unlefs the contrary fhall be exprefsly directed by the faid Referees for the time being) be excluded from the Benefit of the Dividend or Diftribution which (hall be made of the faid Truft Fund next after fuch Meeting ; and the fame Dividend or Diftribution may be made, without Reference to a Confideration of the Claim of every fuch Party, his or her Executors, Admioiftrators or Affigns; but if there (hall be more than One Dividend or Diftribution of the faid Truft Fund, and any Claimant, his or her Executors, Adminif-trators or Affigns, (hall be excluded from the Benefit of any preceding Dividend or Dividends in manner laftly hereinbefore mentioned, he, fhe or they, notwithftanding fuch Exclufion, (hall at the then next Dividend which (hall be ordered after he, (he or they (hall have refpec-tively obtained and depofited with the faid Commiffioners fuch Certificate as aforefaid, and before any further Dividend or Diftribution of the faid Truft Fund, be entitled to receive the Amount of the former Dividends or Dividend, in proportion to their refpe&ive Claims to be allowed as aforefaid, fo as to bring them up hart pajfu, and place them in an equal Situation in all refpe&s with tlie Pcrlons who fhall have received fuch former Dividends, in the fame manner as near as may be as if they had fubftantiated the fame Claims previous to the firft. or other fubfequent Dividend, except and unlefs the faid Referees for the time being, or fome Three or more of them, fhall by Writing under their Hands otherwise order and dire£t, and they are hereby empowered to order the contrary.

All I. And be it further ena&ed, That as often as it fhall happen that any Claim upon the faid Truft Fund fhall not, previous to any Dividend or Diftribution thereof, be fubftantiated to the Satisfa&ion of the faid Referees, it (hall be lawful for the faid Referees, if they fhall think proper, by Writing under their Hands, to be depofited with the Commiffioners for the time being, in fuch manner as hereinbefore

 CjOOQle

before direfted touching the Certificates of Claims allowed, to autho- (loners, if Resize and direct the faid Commiflioners to referve out of the Trull fcrCM *t-Fund, at the then next and every fubfequent Dividend, a fufficient Sum to anfwer and pay the Dividend upon fuch Claim, when the fame (Hall be fubftantiatea as aforefaid; and the faid Referees (hall and may afterwards, upon fuch Claim being fubflantiated as aforefaid, give fuch Certificate and Acknowledgment as aforefaid to the Perfon or Per-fons, Bodies Politic or Corporate by whom fuch Claim fhall be made as aforefaid, and he and they refpe&ively (hall by virtue of fuch Certificate be entitled to receive the Amount of the Dividends due to him, her or thetn thereon, out of the Monies fo referved, or fif the fakne (hall be inefficient) at the then next Diilribution which (hall be ordered of the faid Tfuft Fund after fuch Certificate (hall have been depofited with the faid Commiflioners.

XIV. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enacted, That it Referee* may fhall and may be lawful for the faid Referees, by Writing under their order fuch Re-Hands to be delivered to every Party for whom any fuch Refervation	10

fhall have been made as aforefaid, or to his, her or their Executors or AdmtniArators, or to be lefl at the Dwelling Houfe, Counting Houfe, or Office of each and every fuch Party, Fourteen Days at lead before the time of Meeting therein to be mentioned, to call upon every fuch Party, his, her or their Executors or Adminiftrators, to attend either perfonally, or by his, her or their Agent or Agents before the faid Keferees, at the Time and Place of Meeting therein mentioned aud appointed, and then and there fdbllantiate his, her or their Claim or reipe&ive Claims ; and in Default thereof, then it (hall or may be lawful for the faid Referees, Unlefs they (hall fee good Caufe to the contrary, by Order or Warrant under their Hands, to diredl that the Dividends or Share of the faid Tmft Fund which (hall have been refarved to anfwer the unfubftantiated Claim or Claims of every fuch Party as aforefaid, fhall be thrown into and become Part of the general Truft Funds, and be divided between and among the Parties fubftantiat-ing their Claims, according to the Intent and Meaning of this A£l.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That no Perfon No Demand#

Or Pfcrfons, Body Or Bodies Politic or Corporate, (hall have or be made, except Entitled to any Share, Right, Intereft, Claim or Demand whatfoever, upon Cctt&ate* of, in, or to the Monies, Bills, Property and Effefts hereby veiled in

the faid Commiflioners, except fuch Claims as (hall be fo fubflantiated and allowed, and for which fuch Certificates (hall be given as aforefaid ; and that no Certificate or Certificates (hall be given or granted, allowing any Claim or Claims, unlefs fuch Claim or Claims (hall have been fubmitted for the Confideration of the faid Referees on or before the Thirteenth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen.

XVI.	And be it further enabled, That it (hall and may be lawful Referees tohiva for the faid Referees for the time being, if to them it (hall appear ne- Power to em-cbffary, in inveftigating the Claims and ascertaining the Amount of PloI A*enl,# the Shares and Interefls of any of the faid feveral Claimants, by

Writing under their Hands and Seals to authorize and appoint any Pfcrftm or Perfons to a£l as their Agent or Agents, in Sweden or elfewhere, for obtaining Evidence and Information relative thereto, and to allow to fuch Agent or Agents all Expences incurred in the Prtmifes, and fuch Salary, Commiflion or Remuneration for their Trouble, as to the faid Referees (hall feem proper.

XVII.	And





Referee*, their Agents, Courts and Magiftrates an-thomed to ad-minifter Oath* to Parties and WitneiTes.

Perjury. •

Referees authorized to compel Attendance of Witnefle* and • Production of Papers.

Penalty.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and m3y be lawful for the Referees for the time being, and alfo fuch Agent or Agents as they fhall authorize and appoint as aforefaid, and they refpeftively are hereby authorized and empowered to examine viva voce$ or upon written Interrogatories, upon Oath (which Oath they or any One of them are and is hereby authorized to admintfter), all Perfons, whether Parties or Witneffes, touching any Matter whatfoever referred to the faid Referees by virtue or in purfuance of this Aft; and that it fhall be lawful to and for the laid Referees for the time being or any one of them, and for fuch Agent or Agents as aforefaid, for all Courts, Judges, Maflers in Chancery, Magiftrates, Juftices of the Peace, and for all Matters Extraordinary in Chancery, and all Commiffioner8 and Perfons who are or fhall be authorized by any Court of Record to take Affidavits, to adminifter an Oath to any Perfon or Perfons making any Affidavit or Depofition in Writing touching any Matter referred to the faid Referees, or relating to the Execution of the Powers and Authorities hereby vetted in them.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons, upon Examination upon Oath before the Referees for the time being under this Aft, or their Agent or Agents as aforefaid, or in any l'uch Affidavit or Depofition fo to be fworn before the laid Referees, or any one of them, or any Agent or Agents to be appointed by them as aforefaid, or before any fuch Court, Judge, Matter in Chancery, Magiftrate, Juftice of the Peace, Matter Extraordinary in Chancery, Commiilioner, or Perfon fo authorized to adminifter an Oath as hereinbefore is mentioned, fhall wilfully and corruptly give falfe Evidence, or fhall wilfully or corruptly make any falfe Anfwer, Statement or Depofition, every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being thereof duly convifted, fhall be and is hereby declared to be fubjeft and liable to iuch Pains and Penalties as by any Law now io force Perfons convifted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are fubjeft and liable to.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Referees for the time being, if they fhall fee fit, either of their own Motion or at the Inftance of any Perfon or Perfons having or claiming any Intereft, to fupport or oppofe any Claim or Demand, or otherwife, in any Matter hereby referred to the faid Referees, to iffue their Precept or Precepts under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of them, fummoning any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever to attend them, or any Three or more of them, to declare the Truth touching the Matters referred to the faid Referees, or to bring or produce any Book, Deed, Paper, Account or Writing, or any Books, Deeds, Papers, Accounts or Writings relating to any fuch Matters, or as fhall be neceffary for executing the Powers and Authorities hereby repofed in the faid Referees ; all which Perfons fo fummoned are hereby required and direfted, upon reafon-able Notice of any fuch Precept, punftually to attend the faid Referees, at fuch Time and Times, Place and Places, as fhall be by them or any Three or more of them appointed, under the Penalty for every Omiffion or Default the Sum of Fifty Pounds; which Penalty fhall and may, in all cafes where the Precept requiring the Attendance of the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Default as aforefaid, fhall have been iffued by the faid Referees for their own Motion, be recovered by the faid Commiffioners for the time being, and fhall and may, in





C. cx.

*33

A.D. 1813.	53=	GEO.	III.

all cafes where the fame (hall have been iffued by the faid Referees at the Inftance of any other Perfon or Perfons, be recovered by and to the proper Ufe of the Perfon or Perfon* at whofe In fiance the fame (haQ have been ifTued ; and all fuch Penalties (hall and may be recovered by the faid Commiffioners or other Perfon* entitled to recover the fame a* aforefaid, by any A&ion of Debt, Bill or Plaint, in any of Hi* Majeftv's Court* of Record at Wcjlmtnjlcr, wherein no Effoin, Privilege, Prote&ion or Wager of Law, and not more than One Imparlance (hall be allowed ; and all Penalties to be recovered by the faid Commiffioners by virtue of this A&, (hall be added to and be applied for the fame Purpofes as the other Monies hereby veiled in the faid Commiflioners.

XX.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That on the Back, or in Precepts or at the Foot of every Precept to be iffued for the Attendance of endorsed, any Witnefs, or the Produ&ion of any Document, (hall be written

a Memorandum, fptcifying whether the fame is iffued on the proper Motion of the Referees, or at whofe Iuftance the fame is iffued,

XXI.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That no Perfon or Wiinefles’Ex-Perfons whomfoever (hall be compelled or compellable to appear pence* provided before the faid Referees for the time being, or to bring or produce for-

before them any Books, Deeds, Papers, Accounts or Writings, unlefs at the time of Service of the Precept for fuch Attendance or Production, or at a reafonable time before the Day appointed for fuch Attendance or Production, the probable Amount oftheCofts and Charges of the Perfon or Perfon* fummoned, and a reafonable Compenfation for hi*, i.er or their Lof* of Time to be occafioned by fuch Attendance or Production, (hall be tendered to him, her or them ; and every Perfon who (hall attend the faid Referees, or produce any Document* in purfuance of any Precept, (hall be entitled to be rc-imburfed and paid by the Perfon or Perfon* or Bodies Politic or Corporate at whole Inftance fuch Precept (hall have iffued, his or her reafonable Cod* and Charges, and a reafonable Compenfation for his or her Lofs of Time; and in cafe any fuch Precept (hall have iffued on the proper Motion of the faid Referees, fuch Cods, Charges and Ex-pences (hall be paid by the faid Commiffioners, as Part of the faid Expences incidental to the Execution of the Powers and Authorities hereby veiled in the faid Referees ; and the Amount of fuch Cofts,

Charges and Compenfation, (hall in that cafe be fettled and afeer-tained by the faid Referees, who (hall immediately thereupon make and fign an Order to the faid Commiffioners for Payment thereof $ and all Perfons entitled to any fuch Re-imburfement or Corapenfa-tion from the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, at whofe Inftance any fuch Precept as aforefaid (hall have iffued, (hall be entitled to recover the fame by Adlion at Law againft the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, liable to the Payment thereof, or his, her or their Executors, Adminif-trators, Succeffors or Affigns, together with full Cofts of Suit; and the faid Referees are hereby authorized and required, at the Requeft of any Perfon or Perfons entitled to any fuch Re-imburfe-ment or Payment as laft aforefaid, to fettle and adjuft the Amount thereof, and to make an Order, to be ligned by the faid Referees or any Three of them, fixing a time and Place, to the Perfon or Per-fotti, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, liable to the Payment thereof, to pay and difeharge the fame; and in fuch cafe the Perfon 53 Geo. III.	3	H	or





or Perfons entitled thereto, or his, her or their Executors or Adminif-trators, {hall be at liberty to make his, her or their Ele&ion to accept thereof, or to proceed generally for the Recovery of his, her or their reafonable Colts and Charges, and a reasonable Compenfation for his, her or their Lofs of time ; and in cafe of the Ele&ion of any Perfon or Perfons to accept of the Sum or Sums fo to be ordered to be paid, if the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, liable to the Payment thereof, {hall make Default in fuch Payment purfuant to fuch Order, then the Perfon or Perfons entitled thereto {hall recover the Specific Sum or Sums fo ordered to be paid, together with Double Cofts of Suit.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That in afcertaining all fuch Claims as aforefaid, the faid Referees {hall not be bound by the Invoice Prices of the Goods {hipped, or the Cofts or Charges of Infurance, by any of the faid Claimants refpe&ively, or thofe under whom they claim, but {hall be at full Liberty to eftimate their refpec-tive Claims upon and Title to Compenfation out of the Truft Fund, on fuch fair and equitable Principles as between the feveral Claimants may in the Judgment of the faid Referees appear to be mod proper.

XXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Awards, Decifions, Judgments and Dire&ions in Writing of the faid Referees for the time being, or any Three or more of them, touching all Matters hereby referred to them, {hall be final and conclufive on all Perfons whomfoever; and that in cafe the faid Referees for the time being {hall differ in Opinion touching any of the Matters hereby referred to them, fo that neither they or any Three of them can agree refpedt-

agree referred to ing the fame, it {hall and may be lawful for the faid Referees, or the

Double Coils.

Referees to make Compenfation on equitable Principles.

Decifions of Referees conclufive.

If Three cannot

Umpire.

Commiffioners

empowered to lay out Monies, &c. for fafe Cuilody ;

Mid to (land poITeflcil thereof upon Truft, for Payment of Expen ces, &c.

major Part of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to refer fuch Matter or Matters to the Umpirage or Arbitration of any Perfon to be chofen as an Umpire by them the faid Referees, or the major Part of them; and the Decifion of fuch Umpire {hall be final and conclufive.

XXIV. And be it further enabled, That the faid Commiffioners and their Succeffors {hall (land and be poffeffed of the Monies, Bills, Effedls and Property hereby veiled in them, upon the Truftg and to and for the Intents and Purpofes hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay, Upon Truft from time to time at their Difcretion, to fell and convert into Money fuch Part or Parts thereof as (hall not confift of Monies, in fuch manner as to the faid Commiffioners {hall feem mod advifable, and to lay out and inveft the Proceeds and Produce thereof, and all Monies received as aforefaid, and all Dividends and Intereli thereon, and on the Securities, Stocks or Funds wherein the fame {hall be in veiled purfuant to this prefen t Claufe or Provifion in or upon, Government Securities, or fome of the Public Stocks or Funds, and depofit fuch Parts as {hall not confift of Monies, in the mean time and until the fame {hall be fold and converted as aforefaid, with fuch Perfons and in fuch Places for fafe Cuftody thereof, and from time to time to alter, vary and change the Cuftody in which, or the Securities, Stocks or Funds on or in which the fame {hall be placed, for other Securities, Stocks or Funds of the like Nature, as they the faid Commiffioners {hall think proper, and from time to time, until fuch Inveilments as aforefaid {hall be made, to pay all fuch Monies, Dividends and Intercft as aforefaid, into the Bank of England, to be 14	placed

 C^ooQle

A.D.i8i3«	C.cx.	835

placed to the Credit of «« The Account of the Swedi/b Compensation Commiffioncr*,” a;;d which Monies (hall from time to time be drawn and taken from and out of the Bank for the Purpofe of inverting fuch Grant!, Securities, Stocks or Funds as afbrefaid, or other the Purpofet of this Ad, by the Draft or Order of the faid Commiffioners, or any Three or more of them ; which Drafts or Orders are hereby declared to be fufficicnt Warrants and Authorities for the faid Bank of England and the Officers thereof, for Payment of the Monies therein refpedively to be fpecified, and do and (hall (land and be pofitlTcd of the lame Monies, and of the Funds and Securities whereon the fame (hall be inverted. Upon Truft, in the firffc Place to pay all the Cods, Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and palling of this Ad, and in the next Place to pay or allow to the faid John Atkins the elder, George Wood, Thomas Wil/ont Thomas Rowcroft, John Anthony Rucker and Philip Frederick Jiehrends, being the feveral Perfons appointed as fuch Committee as aforefaid, all their refpedive Cofts and Dif-barfements as fuch Committee, and alfo a Commiflion at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum on the Amount of all the Monies and Effeds hereby verted in the faid Commiffioners as a Compenfation and Remuneration for their Labour, Care and Trouble as fuch Committee, fuch Commiflion to be payable from time to time, at fuch times and by fuch Proportions as the faid Referees (hall dired ; and in the next Place to defray all the Cofts, Charges and Expence3 attending the Execution of the Trufts, Powers and Authorities hereby repofed in them the faid Commiffioners and Referees refpedively, and a reafonable Compenfation or Remuneration to the faid Commiffioners, fuch Cofts, Charges and Expences, Commiffion and Compenfation, to be determined and afeertained by the faid Referees, and to be paid at fuch times and by fuch Proportions as they (hall dired ; and alio to pay to the Referees for the time being, and their Umpire to be appointed under this Ad, their refpedive Executors or Ad-miniftnuors, their and his refpedive Cofts, Charges and Expences of the faid Reference or Umpirage refpedively, and alfo to pay to the Referees for the time being a Commiffion after the Rate of Two Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum on the Amount of all the Monies and Effeds hereby vetted in the faid Commiffioners, fuch Commiffion to be paid and payable at fuch times and by fuch Proportions, and to be fettled and apportioned as between the Reprefentatives of deceafed Referees and Perfons declining or becoming incapable to ad as Referees, or going to retide beyond the Seas, and Perfons continuing to be Referees, and alfo new Referees from time to time appointed as aforefaid, as the Referees for the time being (hall think proper and dired as a Compenfation or Remuneration for their or his Trouble and Service in refped of fuch References refpedively, and alfo to allow to fuch Umpire fuch Remuneration or Compenfation as to the faid Referees (hall feera juft and reafonable ; and in the next Place, when and as the Commiffioners for the time being (hall be thereunto required by the faid Referees for the time being in manner hereinbefore mentioned, to pay and divide unto and amongft all the Perfons,

Bodies Politic and Corporate, whofe refpedive Claims by the refpec-tive Certiticates fo to be obtained and depofited with the faid Commiffioners as aforefaid (hall appear to be fubftantiated, and their refpedive Executors, Adminillrators or Affigns, fuch Dividends or

3 H 2	Shares



G.cx.

53° GEO. HI.

A.D.1813.

And ftand poflefled of Refidue, ful>je& to Order of Referee*.

Intereft deemed Part of Principal.

Referees not accountable for A&s done under Authority of

aa.

Commiffioners and Referees not anfwerable for each other’* A&s,&c.

To employ Clerks, See.

To infure.

Shares of the faid Truft Funds, in Proportion to the Amount of their refpedive Claims fo fubftantiated, as by fuch Warrant or Order as hereinbefore mentioned the faid Referees (hall direct, order and appoint, and to referve and retain a fufficient Sum of Money out of tne faid Truft Fund to anfwer and pay the Amount of the faid Dividends upon fuch of the faid Claims as (hall not be fubftantiated, and in re-fped of which fuch Refervations (hall be ordered as aforefaid, and to anfwer and pay the fame Claims when they (hall be fo fubftantiated ; or in cafe the faid Claims (hould be afterwards abandoned or difallowed as hereiqbefore mentioned, then to ftand and be poflefled of the Monies referred for anfwering and paying the fame, together with and upon the fame Trufts as the Refidue of the faid Truft Funds which (hall remain in the Hands of the faid Commiilioners ; that is to fay, that the faid Commidioners (hall ftand and be poflefled of all fuch Refidue upon Truft for all the Parties interefted under this Ad, and fubjed to the further Order and Diredion of the Referees for the time being, and to be divided or otherwife difpofed of as they the faid Referees for the time being, or any Three or more of them, (hall thereafter dired or appoint, under or by virtue of and confidently with the Powers and Authorities hereby veiled in them.

XXV.	And be it further ena6ted. That for all the Purpofes of this Ad, any Intereft, Dividends or Profits which (hall be made by the faid Truft Monies, (hall be invefted, and be deemed as Part of the Principal Monies, and (hall be applicable and applied accordingly.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the faid Referees for the time being, or any or either of them, or any Umpire to be appointed under this Ad, (hall not be accountable or refponfible for any Ad, Matter, Deed or Thing done by them or any or either of them Iona Jide in or about the Matters hereby referred to him or them ; nor (hall any or either of fuch Referees or Umpire be in any manner accountable or refponfible for the Ads or Deeds or Ad or Deed of the others or other of them.

XXVII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That the faid Commiffioners for the time being, and the Heirs, Executors and Adminiftrators of them, each and every of them refpedively, (hall be charged and chargeable only for fo much Monies as the fame Commiffioners refpedively (hall adually receive by virtue of the Trufts hereby repofed in him and them, and that no one or more of them (hall be anfwerable or accountable for the other or others of them, or any or either of them for the Ads, Receipts, Negleds or Defaults of the other or others of them, but each and every of them only and lefpedively for his own Ads, Receipts, Negleds or Defaults refpedively, as (hall arife from his own Negled or Default; and that it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners for the time being, and alfo for the faid Referees for the lime being, to retain, hire and employ any Clerk and Clerks, Book Keeper and Book Keepers, Agent and Agents, or any other Perfon or Perfons whom-foever, to be employed in and about the Execution of the Trufts, Powers and Authorities hereby repofed in them refpedively, at fuch Salary or Wages as the faid Commiffioners or Referees for the time being refpedively (hall think proper, and alfo to difmifs any fuch Clerks, Book Keepers, Agents or other Perfons, when and as it (hall feem expedient to them the faid Commiffioners or Referees refpec-iiveiy; and that it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Commif-

fioner*

 v^,ck e

C. cx.

AJ). 1813.	53®GEO.	IIL

*37

fioom to make or effed, or caufe to be made or effeded upon the

(aid Truft Property, or any Part or Parts thereof, fuch Infuranceor

Infurancet agmroft Lofs or Damage by Fire, Perils of the Seas, or

other Perils or Cafualties whatfoever, as to the Commiflioners for the

time being (hall feem expedient, and in all refpeds to manage fucli

Truft Property in fuch manner as to them (hall feem mod expedient

for the Intereft of all the Parties concerned ; and aifo that it (hall Toadj ift aU

and may be lawful for the faid Commiflioners for the time being to Claims, &c.

adjjuft, fettle, refer to Arbitration, compromise or compound all

Accounts, Reckonings, Claims, Demands, Differences, Actions and

Suits, Tran factions, Matters and Things touching the faid Truft

Property, or the Execution of the Trufts hereby repofed in them,

or any wife relating to the Matters and Things herein contained

between them the (aid Commiflioners, or any other Perfons or

Perfon whofe refpedive Claims and Interefts are not hereby referred

to the Referees hereby appointed or between the faid John Atkins

the younger, and Ifaac Aldebert, or either of them, their or either

of tneir Heirs, Executors or Adminiftrators, and any fuch Perfons

or Perfon as laft aforefaid, as to the faid Commiflioners for the time

being (hall in their Difcretion feem expedient 5 and alfo out of the Coramiflioners,

laid Truft Funds to indemnify the (aid John Atkins the elder, Thomas kc* indemnified,

Wilfon% George Wood, Thomas Rower oft, John] Anthony Rucker and

Philip Frederick Behrendr, and alfo the faid John Atkins the younger,

and Ifaac Aldebert refpedively, and their and every of their Heirs,

Executors and Adminiftrators, from all Demands, Claims, Suits and A&ions to be made and profecuted again ft them, or any of them, by any Perfons or Perfon whofe refpedive Claims, Demands or Interefts are not referred to the faid Referees hereby appointed, for or in refped of any Matter or Thing relating to the faid Power of Attorney, or their or any of their naving joined in granting or having a&ed under the fame, or for or by reafon or means of any other Aft,

Matter or Thing whatsoever, by them or any of them done in relation to any of the Matters and Things mentioned in this Ad at any time heretofore.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded, That when and as often as Accounts of any Commiffioner (hall depart this Life, or be defirous of being dif* Commiflioners charged of and from the aforefaid Trufts, or (hall go to refide beyond d*xn*orf ct^t the Seas, or (hall refufe or become incapable, or decline to ad in the 10 felt *** (aid Trufts, then and in every fuch cafe the Referees for the time

being (hall fettle, adjuft and allow the Accounts of each fuch Commiffioner fo dying, or defirous of being difebarged, or going to refide beyond the Seas, or refufing or becoming incapable or declining to ad ; and alfo that the then remaining or continuing or other Commiflioners (hall be competent to receive and give Difcharges for the Monies which (hall appear to be the Balance of the fame Account, without any Refponfibility in the Perfon or Perfons paying the fame Money to fee to the Application thereof, or to be anfwerable or accountable for the Mifapplication or Nonapplication of the fame.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be Commiflion.&c. lawful for the Commiflioners or Commiffioner for the time being t0 Referees.

to retain to and to take, and alfo to allow to the Referees for the time being, and to any Umpire to be appointed under this Ad, for his and their Services in carrying this Ad and the Trnfts and

3 H 3	Purpofes





C.cx.

•s$

S3‘GEO. IiL	A.D.18T3.	\

Counterfeiting Certificates, &c.

Tranfportution.

Affirmation of Quakers received.

Piirpofes thereof into Execution, and to the faid Ifaac AlAebert and John Atkins the younger, for their Services rendered and hereafter to be rendered as Attornies or Agents as aforefaid, and to the faid John Atkins the elder, Thomas Wilfon, George Wood, Thomas Ro<w croft, John Anthony Rucker and Philip Frederick Bthreads, for their Services as fuch Committee and otherwife as aforefaid, fnch Sum or Sums of Money by way of Commiffion or otherwife, as (hall be fixed and ascertained in manner hereinbefore refpectively mentioned.

XXX.	And be it further enadted, That if any Perfon or .Perfons whomsoever (hall forge or counterfeit or alter with Intent to defraud any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or caufe or procure to be forged or counterfeited or altered, with fuch Intent as aforefaid, or knowingly and wilfully aid or aflift in the forging or counterfeiting or altering, with fuch Intent as aforefaid, any Certificate or Certificates of any Claim or Claims under this Ad, or the Receipt for any Dividend or Dividends thereon, or any Certificate, Warrant or Order for Payment of any fuch Dividend, or any Letter of Attorney, or other Authority or Inftrument for making, transferring or affigning any fuch Claim or Claims, or for receiving any fuch Dividend or Dividends as aforefaid, or any At-teftation to any fuch Letter of Attorney or other Authority or In-flrument; or (hall forge or counterfeit or alter, with Intent to defraud any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or procure to be forged or counterfeited or altered, with fuch Intent as aforefaid or Knowingly and wilfully aid or affift in the forging or counterfeiting or altering, with fuch Intent as aforefaid, the Name or Names of any Proprietor or Proprietors of any fuch Claim or any Part thereof, or of any Perfons entitled thereto or to any Part thereof, in or to any fuch pretended Letter of Attorney, Inftrument or Authority, or the Name of any Perfon or Perfons to any Atteftation to any Letter of Attorney, Inftrument or Authority, real or pretended, for any of the Purpofes aforefaid ; or (hall utter as true any fuch Transfer, Receipt, Certificate, Letter of Attorney or other Inftrument, knowing the fame, or the Atteftation thereto, to be forged 5 or (hall knowingly or fraudulently demand or endeavour to have any fuch Claim or any Part thereof allowed, transferred, afligned, fold or conveyed, or fuch Dividend or any Part thereof to be received by virtue of any fuch counterfeit or forged Letter of Attorney, Certificate or Inftrument; or (hall falfely and deceitfully perfonate any true and real Proprietor of any of the faid Claims or any Part thereof, and thereby procure or endeavour to procure fuch Claim to be allowed, and fuch Certificate to be granted as aforefaid, or thereby receive or endeavour to receive the Money of fuch true and lawful Owner thereof 5 then and in evary or any fuch cafe, all and every fuch Perfon and Perfons, being thereof lawfully convi&ed in due Form of Law, (hall be deemed guilty of Felony, and (hall be tranfported for Seven Years, or (hall be adjudged to fuffer fuch leffer Puniftiment as the Court before whom fuch Offender or Offenders (hall be tried (hall think fit to award.

XXXI.	And be it further enadfed, That a folemn Affirmation or Affirmations (hall and may be adminiftered to any Perfon or Perfons who (hall be of the People commonly called Quakers, in all cafes whatfoever where an Oatn or Oaths might by virtue of this Ad be adminiftered to any other Perfon or Perfons; and that every fuch

Affinnation



C. cx—cxiv.

839

A .D. 1813.	530 GEO. III.

Affirmation (hall have the fame Force and Effed whatfoever, and all Claufe8, ProviGons, Matter! and Things in this Ad contained relative to the taking of Oaths, and to the giving of falfe Evidence, and making any falfe Anfwer, Statement or DepoGtion in any Affidavit or DepoGtion to be fworn, (hall extend and be applicable to all fuch Affirmations, to all Intents and Puipofes whatfoever.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded, That it any Adion or^Suit Limitation of (hall be brought againft any Perfon or Perfons for any Thing done A&ions.

in purfuance of any of the ProviGons hereinbefore contained, fuch

Adion or Suit (hall be commenced within Six Calendar Months

next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards; and (hall be

laid in the County of Middlefex or City of London, and not elfe-

where ; and the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch Adion or

Suit may plead the General Iflue, and give this Ad and the Special General Iflue.

Matters in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any fuch Adion or Suit (hall difeontinue or

become nonfuit, or Judgment (hall be given againft him, her or'

them therein, the Defendant or Defendants (hall have his, her or

their Cofts, with the like remedy for Recovery thereof, as in cafes CoRs.

where by Law Cofts are given to the Defendant.

XXXIII.	Saving always to the King's Moft Excellent Majefty, General Saving, his Heirs and Succeffors, all fuch Claims, Rights and Interefts in

or relating to the Premifes, as His Majefty hath at the time of palling this Ad or as He, his Heirs or Succeffors, could or might nave or enjoy in cafe this Ad had not been paffed.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaded. That this Ad (hall be Public AA deemed and taken to be a Public Ad, and (hall be judicially taken

Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others without being fpeciallv pleaded.

Cap. cxi.

An Ad for the more equal Affeffment of Money prefented to be raifed by the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Cork ; and for a new Valuation of the faid City and Survey of the Liberties thereof; and for other Purpofes relative to Grand Juries.

[3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxii.

An Ad for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; 14G.3.c 29. and for the Enlargement of the Burial Grounds in the Parifli 15 G. 3. c.35. of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlefex; and repealed, for other Purpofes relating to the faid Parifli. [3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxiii.

An Ad for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor; aid x6 G. 2. c. 28. for making a more adequate ProviGon for the Redor, of the 24 G. 2. c. a6. Parifli of Saint Matthew, Bethnal dreen, in the County of 3G.3. c. 40. Middlefex ; and for more effedually lighting, watching, cleanGng *3 G* 3-c-53* and improving the Streets and other public Places of and within the faid Parifli.	[3d	June	1813.]

Cap. cxiv.

An Ad for ereding a Church in the Townlhip of Everton, in the Parifli of IValton on the Hill, in the County of Lancafer.

[3d June 1813.]

3 H 4	Cap.



Cap. cxv.

An Ad for eftablifhing and regulating the Market, and for enlarging and improving the Market Place at Hanley, in the County of Stafford.	[3d June 1813.]

52 G. 3. c.i6a repealed as to Parities of Saint George the Martyr, in Southwark, and Saint Bride, in the City of London and King’s Bench, Marftial-fea, and Fleet Prifoiis.

34 G. 3. c. 90. 36 G. 3. c.44. 00 G. 3. c. xviii. 41 G. 3. (U.K.) *• xxiii.

45 G. 3. c. lxx. 49G.3.c.cxxxviiL

35 G. 3. *. 5%.

3*G.3. c.xia

5^^*3.c.xxxvi. 50 ^.3* cclxv.

Cap. cxvi.

An Ad to amend an Ad, pafied in the Fifty fecond Year of Hit prefent Majefty, intituled An AS to enable Jujlices of the Peace to order Parochial Relief to Prifoners confined under Mefne Procefi for Debt, in fuch Gaols as are not County Gaolst fo far as regards the Parifh of Saint George the Martyr, in the Borough of South-5warky in the County of Surry and the Parifh of Saint Bridget otherwife Saint Bride, in the City of London.	[3d	June 1813.]

Cap. cxvii.

An Ad for ereding and maintaining a new Gaol for the County and City of Perth ; and for other Purpofes relating thereto.

[3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxviii.

An Ad for paving and improving the Town of Warrington, in the County of Lancajler ; and for building a New Bridewell in the faid Town.	[3d	June 1813.]

Cap. cxix.

An Ad to enable the Kennet and Avon Canal Company to raife a further Sum of Money to purchafe the Shares of the River Kennet Navigation (a), and to amend the feveral Ads paired for making the laid Canal.	[3d	June 1813.3

[132,000/.]

(a) [1 G. 1. Stat.2. c. 24; PR.—7 G. 1. Stat. 1. r.8. — 3G.2.

*• 3S-]

Cap. cxx.

An Ad for explaining and amending an Ad of His prefent Majefty, for making a Navigable Canal from the River Thames or IJis$ near Abingdon in the County of Beris9 to join the Kennet and Avon Canal, near Trowbridge in the County of Wilts ; and certain Navigable Cuts.	[3d	June 1813.]

Cap. cxxi.

An Ad to enlarge the Powers of an Ad of His prefent Majefty, for embanking, draining and inclofing Lands in the Pariihes of Abergele, Saint Afaph, Rhydlan, Diferth and Meliden, and the Franchise of Rhyalan, io the Counties of Denbigh and Flint.

[3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxxii.

An Ad for enlarging the Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Majefty, for better fupplying the Town and Port of Liverpool with Water.	[3d	June 1813.]

Cap.





&.D.i8i3*

53° GEO. HI.

C.CXXHi—cxxx*

841

Cap. cxxiii.

An Aft to amend an Aft made in the Thirty fourth Year of His 34 G. 3. (I.) prefent Majefty for building a Bridge over the River Slaney at *

Wexford.	[3d	June 1813.]

Cap. cxxiv.

An Aft to amend an A ft made in the Thirty fourth Year of His	^

prefent Majefty, for building a Bridge over the River Slaney, at c*2 Ferry Carrig, in the County of Wexford.	[3d	June 1813.]

Cap. cxxv.

An Aft for further improving the Communication between the 3a G. 3. c 93. County of Edinburgh and the County of Fifet by the Ferries crofs iep«*l®d «to the Frith of Forth, between Leith and Newhaven, in the County Mar‘/*Se™cnt °f of Edinburgh, and Kinghorn and Bruntifland in the County of R^^an^Duttes Fife, (b)	[3d	June 1813.] md Building or

repairing lauding

Cap. cxxvi.	Places.

An Aft for providing a Fund for Annuities for Widows of Members of the Incorporation of Bakers of the City of Edinburgh.

[3d June 1813.]

[Scheme to be known by the Name of “ The Widows9 Fund for the Incorporation of Bakers within the City of Edinburgh.”]

Cap. cxxvii.

An Aft for amending an Aft of His prefent Majetty, for the better 30 G. 3. c.ax. Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundreds of Colneis and Carlford> in the County of Suffolk.	[3d	June 1813.]

Cap. cxxviii.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His I3G.3. c.ioi. prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from CherrilU through 3*0.3. c.114. Caine, to Studley Bridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Wilts, (c)	[3d	June 1813.]

[Additional Truftees.	Former Tolls repealed\	new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. cxxix.

An Aft for continuing and amending Three Afts, for repairing the ao G Road from the City! of Durham to Tyne Bridge in the County *6 g. \\ I of Durham, (a)	[3d	June 1813.] l3 G. 3. ^99!

[Additional Truffces. Former Tolls to ceafe, new Tolls granted.]

Cap. cxxx.

An Aft to continue and amend Two Afts of the Ninth and 9 Q. 3> c# Thirtieth Years of His prefent Majefty, for amending the Road 30G.3.C g& from Bifhopfgate Bridge, in the City of Norwich, to a Stone formerly called the Two Mile Stonet where the Norwich Road

. joins the Caifler Caufeway, Two Miles and a Half ftiort of the Town of Great Tarmouth. (c)	[3d	June 1813.]

[Additional Truffees.']

Cap.



L. CX1I1---CXXXV1.

53 ulu. ui.

A.1/.I015*

•4*

10 G. 3. e. 70. 33 G-3- c. 164,

repealed.

19 G. a. c. 93. a8 G. 3. c. iia.

33 G. 3. c.180.

34 G.3. c. 124.

11 G. 3. e.87. 3a G.3.C.160.

45 G.3.C.XI.

47 G. 3. Self. x. c. xiii.

50G.3. c.dxxx’11.

Cap, cxxxi.

n Aft for amending the Road from Earl's Kill, in Warrington to the Toll Bars in Wallgate, in Wigan, in the County of Lancajler. (3)

[3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxxxii.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of King George the Second, and an Aft of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Shrewjbury to Wrexham, and leveral other Road6 in the Counties of Denbigh, Chejler and Flint, fo far as relates to the Road in the County of Flint, called The Mold DiJlriEt. (b)

[3d June 1813.I

'[Additional Trujlees. Former Tolls to ceafe, new Tolls granted.

Sunday Tolls.]

[See 25 G. 2. c. 22.]

Cap. cxxxiii.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from the Neat Enjlone and Chipping Norton Turnpike Road, through Bicejler to Wejlon on the Green, io the County of Oxford, and for making a new Branch of Road to communicate therewith, (r)	[3d	June	1813.]

[AdditionalTruJlees• Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. cxxxiv.

An Aft for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Aft paffed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for amending and improving the Road leading from the Town of Rochdale, to a Place called Edenjield, in the Parifh of Bury, in the County of Lancajler, (b)	[3d	June	1813.]

[.Additional Trujlees,	Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. cxxxv.

An Aft for continuing and amending Two Afts of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Shelton to Blakely Lane Head and from Bucknall to Wejlon Coyney, in the County of Stafford; and alfo for altering and repairing the Road from Addtrley Green to Lane End, in the fame County, (a)	[3d	June	1813.]

[Additional Trujlees. Former Tolls to ceafe, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.']

Cap. cxxxvi.

An Aft to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Aft paffed in the Forty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, for affefiing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Rofs, towards the Expence of making and fupporting certain Roads and Bridges therein ; and of an Aft paffea in the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the Counties of Rofs and Cromarty, and Part of the County of Nairn, locally

fituated





C. cxxxvi—cxliv.

«43

j, A.D.1813.	53*	GEO. UI.

fituated in the County of Rofs ; and of an Aft pafled in the Fiftieth Year of His prefent Majefty, for amending and enlarging ,	the Powers of the Two firlt mentioned Aft*. [3d June 1813.J

Cap. cxxxvii.

An Aft for enlarging the Powers of an Aft of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road* from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading, and

. from the faid Bridge to Henley Bridge in the County of Berks y fo

I	far as relates to the Third DtjlriQ of the faid Roads.

[3d June 1813.]

J [.Additional Tolls. Double Tolls on Sunday. For Term under former

Aa.]

Cap. cxxxviii.

An Aft for veiling certain Eftates devifed by the Will of Sir Edward Lloyd Baronet, deceafed, inTruftees to be fold, and for layinff out the Mooey to arife by fuch Sale in the Purchafe of other Efiftes, to be fettled under the Direftion of the Court of Chancery to the fame Ufes. (q.P.)	[3d	June 1813.}

Cap. cxxxix.

An Aft for effeftuating an Exchange of Lands belonging to the Bifhoprick of Worcejler for Lands belonging to the Dean and Chapter of Worccjler, in the County of Worcejler. (a. P.)

[3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxl.

An Aft for effefting the Sale of certain Parts of the Eftates devifed 49G.3

by the Will of Henry Partridge Efquire, deceafed ; and for laying ,c*l*x»iiw

out the Money arifing by luch Sales, together with the clear

Money produced by the Sale of certain otner Parts of the faid

Eftates, direfted to be fold by an Aft paffed in the Forty ninth

Year of the Reign of Hi* prefent Majefty, in the Purcnafe of

other Eftates, and for fettling the fame to the like Ufe*. (q. P.)

[3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxli.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in Dundraw, in the County of Cumber-

^ land. (q P.)	[3d	June 1813.]

“ Allotment* and Compenfations for Tithes, § 19, 20.

Cap. cxlii.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of FeltwelU in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)	[3d	June 1813.]

Cap. cxliii.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parilh of Cltrowf in the County of Radnor, and extinguilhing VicarialTithes in the faid Parifh. (q.P.)

[3d June 1813.]

Cap. cxliv.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Manor and Parifti of Turwfflon, in the County of Buckingham. (q.P*)	[3d	June 1813.3

II	Allotment and Compenlation for Tithes, $ 18.

Cap.

46 g.

3. c.

<*lv.



*44

C.cxlv—cliv.

53° GEO. III.

A.D.1813-

5* G. 3. c.16.

PR.

Cap. cxlr.

An A A for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of IVbit well, in the County of Derby. (q. P.)	[3d June	1813.J

Cap. cxlvi.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Manor and Pariih of Whitney 9 in the County of Hereford, (q. P.)	[3d	June 1813.3

Cap. cxlvii.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of Stockton, in the County of Tork. (q. P.)	[3d	June X813.3

u Allotments and Compenfation for Tithes, $ 28,29, 30.

Cap. cxlviii.

An A A for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Downton, in the County of Wilts, (q. P.)	[3d	June 1813.3

Cap. cxlix.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in Llandyrnog and Llangwyfan, in the County of Denbigh. (q. P.)	[3d	June 1813.3

Cap. cl.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Cafcoby and Townfhips of Ednol and Kinnerton, in the County of Radnor. fq. P.)

[3d June 1813.3

u Allotment to His Majefty, § 22.

Cap. cli.

An A ft for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of Aughton in the Parifh of Aughton9 in the County Palatine of Lancajler. (q. P.)

[3d June 1813.3

11 Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, § 27.

Cap. clii.

An Aft for amending an Aft of His prefent Majefly for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Milborne Port9 in the County of Somerfet j and for transferring Borough Rights from certain Lands in the fame Parifh to other Lands therein, the better to effeftuate fuch Inclofure. (q. P.)	[3d	June 1813.3

Cap. cliii.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Manor and Townfhip of Kirkbur• tony in the County of York. (q. P.)	[3d	June 1813.3

" Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, § 23. No Leafe of “ Lands by Vicar of Kirkburton without the Confent of His Majefty t( and his Heirs, as Patrons of the Vicarage, § 24.

Cap. cliv.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of Spalfordand Wigtlejy.

in the County of Nottingham, (q. P.)	[3d	June 1813.]

<c Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, § 19.

Cap.



A.D. i8i3-

sr geo. in.

C.dv—clxi.



Cap. civ.

An Ad to enable the Company of Proprietors of the South 45 G. 3. c. exit London Water Works to raife a further Sum of Money*, and to alter and amend the Power* of an Ad pafTed in the Forty fifth Year of Hi* prefent Majefty, for making the (aid Water Works.

£l2d June 1813.3

• [£ 80,000]

Cap. clvi.

•	8 Ann

An Ad to authorize the Advancement of a certain Sum of Money 3 g.°i! VoLiv

for carryiog into Effcd the feveral Ad* for the Improvement of p. 39a.

the Port and Town of Liverpool, and to amend the laid Ad*. 11 G. a. c. 3a.

[22d June 1813.]

[Lords of the Treafury may advance iC6o,ooo.]

Cap. dviL

An Ad for further improving the Harbour of Aberdeen.

[2ad June 1813.] 37 G.3. c.'ioi. [For like Period as 50 G. 3 ]	5°G.3.	c.lxx.

Cap. dviii.

An Ad for the further Improvement of the Harbour of Wexford.	34 G. 3. (I.)

[22d June 1813.]

[For Thirty one Tears, &c. Rates and Duties upon Ships and Vejfels, Boats, Smacks, Cotsv Gabbards, Lighters and Wherries and upon Ballafl, to ceafe and determine, and new Rates and Duties granted.]

39 G. 3-c.liz. 51 G. 3. C'Cxiiti.

13 G. 3. c.29. G.3.C.4I.

Cap. clix.

An Ad for inclofing, draining and exonerating from Tithes, Land* See 51 G. 3. in the Lordfhip of North Kelfey, in the County of Lincoln. c- cxxijL

[22d June 1813.]

€t No Leafe to be granted by the Redor of Saint Mary South €t Kelfey with Saint Nicholas South Kelfey without Confent of The <c King aud Philip Shipworth Efquire, a* Patrons of the faid u Redory.

Cap. clx.

An Ad for enlarging the Power* of Two Ad* of His prefent 36 G. 3. c.99. Majefty, for embanking and draining certain Low Lands and 4iG.3.(U.K.) Grounds in the Parifhe* or Townfhips of Everton, Scafiworth, c# cxxxru Gringley on the Hill, Miflerton and Walkeringbam, in the County of Nottingham.	Qazd	June	1813.]

Cap. clxi.

An Ad for the more effedually draining and improving Lands See 51G 3. within the Level of Hatjitld Chace, and Part* adjacent, in the c. xxx. Counties of Tort, Lincoln and Nottingham.	[22d June	1813.]

Cap.





846	C. clxii—clxviii.	533 GEO. III.

A.D. 1813*

Cap. cbtii.

An Ad for better afleffing and colleding the Poor and other Rates, in the Pariih of Saint Giles Camierivcll, in the County of Surryt and regulating the Affairs thereof; for repairing or rebuilding the Parifh Workhaufe, and purchafing Ground for a Cemetry; and for other Purpofcs relating thereto.	[22d	June 1813.]

Cap. clxiii.

G. 3. c. :3. An Ad for altering and amending Two feveral Ads of the Thirty 46 G. 3. c. xc. fifth and Forty fixth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for paving and improving the Parifh of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlefex,	[22d June	1813.]

Cap. clxiv.-

An Ad for paving, widening, cleanfing, watching, lighting and regulating the Streets and other Public Places within the Borough of Chepping Wycombe, in the County of Bucks, and for removing and preventing Nuifances and Obftrudions therein.

[22d June 1813 ]

7	G. 1. Suit. 1. c. 26.

8	G.2.C.8.

29 G.2. c. 88.

23 G. 3. c. no 48 G.3.C. c.

Cap. clxvi.

An Ad for veiling Part of the fettled Eftates of Sir Charles Knighlley Baronet, which were devifed by the Will of Lucy Knigbtley Efquire, in Truftees, to be fold: and for laying out the Money arifing thereby, in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled in lieu thereof and to the fame Ufes; and for other Pur-pofes. (q. P.)	[22d June 1813.]

Cap• clxv.

An Ad for altering and amending feveral Ads for repairing the Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge; and for making a new Road from the Great Northern Road at Iflingtont to the Edgcware Road near Paddington, in the County of Middlefex,	[22d June 1813.]

Cap. clxvii.

An Ad for vetting certain detached fettled Eftates late of William Whittaker Efquire, deceafed, in Truftees, to fell the fame; and to lay out the Monies thence arifing, in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes. (q. P.)

[22d June 1813.]

Cap. clxviii.

23 G. 2. c. 18.	An Ad for repealing fo much of Two feveral Ads, palled in the

PR.	Twenty third Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King

32 G. 3. c.39.	George the Second, and the Thirty fecond Year of the Reign of

*****	His prefent Majefty, as are contrary to the Provifion9 contained in

the Will of Charles Churchill Efquire, deceafed, or the Settlement made on the Marriage of Charles Churchill Efquire with the Lady Maria Walpole, (q. P.)	.	[22d June 1813.]

Cap.



A.D.i8i3*

53° GEO. Ill

C. clxix—clxxvi.

847

Cap. clxix.

An Aft for vetting certain Ettates devifed by the Will of James Harrifon Efquire, fituate in the Counties of Lancajler and Chefier, or one of them, in Truftees, to be fold purfuaut to an Agreement entered into for that Purpofe. (q. P.)

[22d June 1813.]

Cap. cixx.

An Aft for vetting Part of the fettled Ettates of Thomas John Phillips, of Newport Houfe in the County of Cornwall, Efquire, an Infant, in Truftees, to be fold; and for invefting the clear Monies thence anting, under the Direftion of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchafe of other Ettates, to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fame Ufes. (q. P.)	[22d June 1813.]

Cap. clxxi.

An Aft for vetting Part of the Settled Ettates of Edward William Ley borne Popham Efquire, in the Counties of Wilts and Berks, in Truftees, to be fold ; and for invefting the clear Monies thence arifing, under the Direftion of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchafe of other Ettates to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fame Ufes. (q. P.)	[22d June 1813.]

Cap. clxxii.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Eajl Bedfont with Hatton, in the Parifti of Eajl Bedfonty in the County of Middlefex. (q. P.)	[22d June 1813.]

Cap. clxxiii.

An Aft for inclofing Lands within the Townfhip of Undermilbeckt in the Parifhes of Windermere and Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Wejlmoreland. (q. P.)	[22d	June	1813.]

w Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, j 24.

Cap. clxxiv.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of IJleworth, Hejlon and Twickenhamy in the Manor of IJleworth Syont in the County of Middlefex. (q.P.)	[22d	June	1813.]

" Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, $ 29. Allotment to His Majefly, § 45.

Cap. Ixxv.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in Burghwallis, in the County of Tork, (q.P.)	£a2d	June	1813*3

“ Allotment and Compenfation for Tithes, {17.

Cap. clxxvi.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the feveral Parifhes of Caine, Caljlonc Wellington and Blackland, in the County of Wilts. (q. P.)

[22d June 1813.]

“ Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, § 26.

Cap.

47 O. 3. SeflC a. c. ci. in part repealed.

 L-ooq le

M

C. clxxvii—clxxxiv.	53° GEO. Ill,

A.D. 1813

Cap. clxxvii.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Townfhips of Crowle, Eajloft and Ealand, in the Parifh of Crowle, in the County of Lincoln, and extending into the Weft Riding of the County of Tork. (q. P.)

[22d June 1813.]

“ Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, § 22. 24. 45.

4 Cap. clxxviii.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Winterbourne Monckton9 in the County of Wilts. (q. P.)	[22d June 1813.]

“ Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, {22, 23. No Leafe $t of Lands by Vicar of Winterbourne Monckton, without Confent of “ His Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, as Patrons of the faid u Vicarage.

Cap. clxxix.

An Aft for fecuring to James Lee, and the Public, the Benefit of his Invention of certain new Methods of preparing Hemp and Flax, by enabling him to lodge the Specification under certain Reftriftions.	[2d	July 1813.]

Cap. clxxx.

An Aft for erefting a new Gaol, Houfe of Correftion, and Penitentiary Houfe, in the Borough of Tewkefbury, in the County of Gloucejler.	[2d	July	1813.]

Cap. clxxxi. •

aj C.3. c.38. An A ft for altering and amending an Aftanade in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for making and maintaining the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation.

[2d July 1813.]

Cap. clxxxii.

An Aft for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Wilts and Berks Canal, in the Parifh of Swindon, in the County of Wilts, to communicate with the Thames and Severn Canal in the Parifh of Latton, in the fame County.	[2d	July	1813.]

\The Company of Proprietors of the North Wilts Canal Navigation, incorporated.]

Cap. clxxxiii.

An Aft for the Improvement of the Navigation of the Rivers Bury% Loughor and Lliedi, in the Counties of Carmarthan and Glamorgan.	[2d July	1813.]

Cap. clxxxiv.

An Aft for altering, enlarging and extending the Powers of an Aft of His prefent Majefty, for building a Bridge over the River 7lames, at the Precinft of the Savoy, or near thereunto 5 and

making



C.clxxxiv.

A.D.1813.

53- GEO. in.

8-ip*

making Roads and Avenues to communicate therewith, in the Counties of Middlefex and Surry.	[2d	July	1813.]

HE REAS an Aft was parted in the Forty ninth Year of the 49 G.3. c. 191.

*	their Succeflors were incorporated into a Company by the Name 4 and Style of 44 The Company of Proprietors of the Strand Bridge”

4 and were thereby empowered to build the faid Bridge, and to

4 make and maintain certain Roads therein defcribed ; and the faid	§a.

4 Company were thereby authorized to raife among themfelves, for ‘ the Purpofes of the faid Aft, in fuch Proportions as they (hould 4 think proper, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the € whole the Sum of Five hundred thoufand Pounds ; and in cafe the § 6.

4 fame (hould be found inefficient for the Purpofes aforefaid, the 4 faid Company were alfo authorized to raife any further Sum of

*	Money not exceeding Three hundred thoufand Pounds, in manner

4 therein mentioned:	And whereas the faid Company have in

4 purfuance of the Provifions of the faid Ad, inverted the Sum 4 of Fifty thoufand Pounds in the Purchafe of Reduced Bank An-

*	unities, in the Names of the Truftees therein mentioned, and have

*	proceeded in the Execution of the faid Bridge : And whereas it

*	will be expedient that the Accefs or Avenue to the faid Bridge,

4 from the Strand in the County of Middlesex, authorized to be 4 made by the faid Ad, (hould be varied and altered, and that the

*	faid Accefs or Avenue (hould be made more convenient, and thae 4 fome of the Powers and Provifions of the faid Ad (hould be

*	amended, altered and enlarged :* May it therefore pleafc Your

Majefty that it may be enaded ; and be it enadcd by the King’s Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of trie Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it (hall Company may and may be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors to alter Accefs to vary and alter the Accefs or Approach to the North Foot of the Br,dSe and faid Bridge from the Strand, in the faid County of Middle[ex, in	*>re"

manner defcribed and delineated in the Map or Plan hereinafter mentioned ; and alfo to take and purchafe certain Premifes mentioned and defcribed in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, for the

Purpofes of the faid recited A6t and of this Aft.

* II. And whereas Maps or Plans, defcribing and delineating 4 the intended Alterations in the faid Accefs or Approach, and the

*	Premife6 mentioned and defcribed in the faid Schedule and

*	Books of Reference, containing a Lilt of the Owners or reputed 4 Owners and Occupiers of the Lands and Premifes to be taken and

*	ufed by virtue of this Aft, have been depolited with the Clerks

*	of the Peace for the Counties of Middlefex and Surry lefpeftively

Be it therefore enafted. That the faid Maps or Plans and Books Maps, See. r» of Reference (hall remain in the Cuftody of the faid Clerks of the regain m Peace, to the end that all Perfons interefted therein may, at all Cuftody of feafonable times, have Liberty to infpeft ^nd perufe the fame, Clerk of Peace, and take Copies or Extra&s thereof at their Will and Pleafure,

V V Reign of Hi9 prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft for building a Bridge over the River Thames, from the Precinft of the Savoy, or near thereunto, in the County of Middlefex, to the oppofite Shore9 and for making convenient Roads and Avenues to communicate

4

4

4

4

therewith, in the County of Surry, whereby certain Perfons and $ i.

53 Geo. III.

31

paying



Fee.

Provifo far Mistakes in Books of Reference.

4*) C. 3. c.cxci. §58.

in part repealed.

Company re-drained to 70 Feet in Width for Road?, except in certain cafes.

Power to raife *00,0001. additional.

Powei to raife Money by Mortgage.

paying to fuch Clerks of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every fuch Infpedlion, and after the Rate of Six pence for every One hundred Words of fuch Copies or Extracts of the faid Book of Reference.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That the faid Company (hall have full Power and Authority to make and con-(Irudl the faid Accefs or Approach, and may purchafe and take Poflefiion, for the Purpofes of the faid recited Adi and this Adi* of any of the Houfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments mentioned and defcribed in the Schedule to this Adi annexed* notwithftanding the Name or Names of any Perfon or Perfons (hall, or may have been omitted or incorredlly mentioned or fpelt in the faid Schedule, in cafe it (hall appear to any Two or more Juftices. of the Peace of the County in which fuch Premifes are fituate* and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that fuch Error, Omiffion or incorredl Description proceeded from Miftake.

IV.	And be it further enadled, That fo much of the faid Adi as provide* that it (hall not be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors to retain any Lands or Grounds to be taken for the Purpofes of the faid Adi exceeding the Breadth of Twenty Yards, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

V.	And be it further enadlcd, That it (hall not be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors to retain any Lands or Grounds for the Purpofes of the faid recited Adi and this Adi, exceeding Seventy Feet in Breadth, except for making and conftrudling the Accefs and Approach to the laid Bridge, and immediately contiguous to the North Abutment thereof, as laid down and delineated in the Map or Plan hereinbefore mentioned ; and alfo except as to the feveral Places where the faid Roads, by the faid recited Adi authorized to be made, (hall join or unite with other Roads or Streets, or with each other.

VI.	And be it further enadlcd, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors, in cafe they or their Committee (hall deem it meet and expedient, to raife any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Two hundred thoufand Pounds, in Addition to the Sums authorized to be raifed by the faid recited Adi, eitlier among themfelves the faid Company, or by the Admiflion of new* Subfcribers 5. and every Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, fubferibing towards railing fuch further or other Sum of Money, (hall be a Proprietor or Proprietors in the faid Undertaking, and (hall have a like Vote by himfelf, herfelf or themfelves, or his, her or their Proxy or Proxies, in refpedl of every Share of the faid additional Sum hereby authorized to be raifed, and (hall alfo be liable to fuch Forfeiture, and (land interefted in all the Profits of the faid Undertaking, in Proportion to fuch Sum as he, (he or they may fubferibe thereunto, as generally and extenfively, to all Intents and Purpofes, as the Proprietors of Shares in the prefent Capital Stock of the faid Company.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors or their Committee to raife all or any Part of the faid Sum of Two hundred thoufand Pounds, hereby authorized to be raifed, by Mortgage of the faid Undertaking, in manner by the faid recited Adi provided in

refpedl



A.D. 18I3.	530 GEO. HI-	C.	clxxthr.	$5t

*efpe& of the Sum of Three hundred tboufand Pounds thereby authorized to be railed.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That in cafe the faid Company Company en-or their Committee fhall think it more advifeable and proper to raife *Med to wife the feveral Sums of Money anthorized to be railed by the faid Monfy liy recited A& and this A6fc or any Part or Parts thereof, by granting Annuities payable out of the Rates and Tolls and other Revenue,

then and in every fuch cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company to raife any fuch Sum, by the granting of any fuch Annuity or Annuities as aforefaid, to or for the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who (hall contribute, advance or pay into the Hands of the Treafurer or Treafurers to the faid Company, any Sum or Sums of Money for the abfolute Purchafe of any fuch Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable for any Term or Number of Years, or for or during the natural Life of any fuch Contributor, or fuch other Perfon as (hall be nominated by or on Behalf of fuch Contributor, at the time of Payment of his or her Contribution and Purchafe Money, and either with or without Benefit of Survivorlhip ; and the faid Company are hereby authorized and empowered to grant all and every fuch Annuity or Annuities fo to be purchafed as aforefaid, out of the Rates and Tolls or other Revenue of the faid Undertaking, to the Perfon or Perfons who (hall agree to purchafe the fame, or to his, her or their Truftee or Trultees.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That the Grant of every fuch Annuity as aforefaid (hall be by Deed, under the Common Seal of the faid Company, and may be according to the Form, or to the £ffe& following ; that is to fay,

*	TXfE, the Company of Proprietors of the Strand Bridge, in Form of Grant

*	Confideration of the Sum of	of Annuity.

‘ to us paid by A. B. of	#	[or,	if

*	intended to be granted with Benefit of Survivorlhip, by E. F.

4 G. ff. &c.] do hereby by virtue of an Adi of Parliament palled iii 4 the Fifty third Year ot the Reign of King George the Third,

*	intituled [-here infert the Title of this AS'], grant unto the faid 4 A. B. and his [or, her] Afiigns [or, if by Survivorlhip, unto the 4 faid E. F. G. H. &c. and to the Survivors and Survivor of them]

*	One Annuity or Yearly Sum of	\o be ifluing

*	out of all and Angular the Rates and Tolls arifing by virtue of an

*	A6t of Parliament made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of 4 His faid Majefty, intituled [fet forth the Title of the faid recited 4 AS], and alfo the faid firft mentioned A6t, and of all other the 4 Revenue of the faid Company, To hold unto the faid A. B. his

*	[or, her] Executors, Adminiftrators and Afiigns, for the Term

4 of	Years [or, as the cafe may be], To hold unto

4 the faid A. B. and his [or, her] Afiigns, during his [or, her]

*	natural Life, or. To hold unto the faid A. B. his [or, her] Exe-

*	cutors, Adminiftrators or Afiigns, for and during the natural Life 4 of C» D. or, if by Survivorlhip, unto and amongft them the faid 4 E. F. G. H. &c. and the Survivors and Survivor of them] y 4 and fuch Annuity or Yearly Sum (hall be paid and payable at

*	upon	the	Day	of

€	yearly, and the Firft Payment thereof to be made on the

3 I 2	*	Day





o.cixxxm

53° uj&u. iu.

A.D.1813.

«

■ Seal, thU

Day of

• Given under our Common in the Year of our

Day of

*	Lord One thoufand eight hundred and	•*

And any fuch Grant (hall be good, valid and effie&ual in the Law, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, without any Inrolment or Regiftry of the Memorial thereof in the High Court of Chancery or elfewhere, except as hereinafter mentioned ; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding ; and all the Grantees of fuch Annuities (hall be equally entitled one with another, and with the Pcrfons to whom any Money (hall be due on any Mortgage df the faid Undertaking, to the Rates and Property thereby afligned in Proportion to the Intereft of the Sum or Sums for which fuch Annuities (hall have been granted, without any Preference by reafon of the Priority of Date of any fuch Mortgage or Grant of Annuity, or on any account whatfoever ; and an Entry or Memorial of every fuch Grant of Annuity, containing the Date thereof, and an account of the Name or Names of the Party or Parties to whom the fame (hall have been made, with their refpe&ive proper Additions, and of the Consideration of fuch Grant, and of the Annuity granted, and the Duration thereof, (hall within Twenty one Days next after the Date thereof be written and inferted in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe by the Clerk of the faid Company ; and all and every Perfon and Pcrfons to whom any fuch Grant (hall have been made, or who (hall be entitled to the Annuity thereby Secured, may from time to time affign or transfer his, her or their Right and Title therein, to any Perfon or Pcrfons, in the Form or to the Effect following ; that is to fay,

*	T A. B, of	in	Con-

4 *■* fideration of the Sum of	to

4 me paid by [Z). of	]	do hereby transfer unto the

*	faid D. a certain Grant made by the Company of Proprietors of

4 the Strand Bridge, bearing Date the	Day	of

4	of an Annuity of

4	payable	[here infert the Duration of the Annuity ], and all

4 my Right, Title and Intereft: in and to the faid Annuity thereby 4 Secured, To hold the fame unto the faid C. D. his [or, her] Exe-4 cutors, Adminiftrators and Afligns. In Witnefs whereof I have 4 hereunto Tet my Hand and Seal this	Day	of

4	in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and

And every fuch Transfer (hall, within Twenty one Days after th* Date thereof, be produced and notified to the Clerk of the faid Company, who (hall thereupon caufe an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the faid Book, containing the Date and Names of th^ Parties, and the Annuities thereby transferred ; for which Entry fuch Clerk (hall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence and no more ; and after fuch Entry made every fuch Aflignmcnt (hall entitle fuch Affignee or Affignees, his, her or their Executors, Adminiftrators and Aftigns, to the full Benefit of the original Grant; and it (hall not be in the Power of the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have made any fuch Transfer, at any time afterwards to make void* releafe or difeharge the faid Annuity, or any Part thereof; and the

faid





C. clxxxiv.

530 GEO. III.

faid Annuities, fo to be granted as aforefaid, (hall be paid to the feveral Perfons entitled thereto in Preference to any Intereft or Dividends due and payable by virtue of the faid recited A6fc-to the aid Company.

X.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company of Proprietors, in cafe they or their Committee, (hall think it meet and expedient, to borrow the Whole of the Remainder of the Sums authorized to be raifed in and by the faid recited A& and this A£t, or any Part or Parts thereof, upon Promiffory Notes under the Common Seal of the faid Company of Proprietors, which Notes (hall be made payable in fuch manner, and at fuch time or times, and with fuch legal Rate of Intereft, as the faid Committee (hall think proper; and all fuch Notes (hall be made either with or without a Power in the refpe&ive Holders thereof, to have an Option of becoming a Proprietor of One Share of One Hundred Pounds in the faid Undertaking in lieu cf every One hundred Pounds of the Principal Money by fuch feveral Promiffory Notes to be fecured, or fo much or fuch Part thereof as the faid Committee for the time being, and the Perfon or Perfons advancing fuch Money on the Security of the faid Notes, (hall jointly agree upon 5 which Principal Sums fo borrowed, and the Intereft thereof, (hall be deemed a Lien upon the Tolls authorized to be taken by the faid recited and this A6f, and be paid and difeharged in the like manner as Money raifed on Mortgage under the faid recited Adi and the Intereft thereof are dire&ed by the faid A& to be paid and difeharged: Provided always, that no Perfon (hall in any cafe be admitted to be a Proprietor of any Share in the faid Undertaking in lieu of a lefs Principal Sum of Money than One hundred Pounds advanced on the Security of fuch Notes; and the Terms and Particulars upon which the rcfpe&ive Holders of fuch Notes (hall be entitled to fuch Option of becoming a Proprietor or Proprietors in the faid Undertaking, (hall be fully expreffed and fet forth in the faid feveral and rcfpe&ive Notes.

XI.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That if the faid Committee of the faid Company of Proprietors (hall deem it expedient, out of any Funds of the faid Company or otherwife, to buy up any Shares which may be offered for Sale by any of the faid Proprietors, then and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Committee, either to dire& that any fuch Share fo bought (hall merge in the faid Undertaking, or that the fame (hall be transferred to the Chief Clerk of the laid Company, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons they may appoint in Truft for the faid Company, and fuch Shares may in fuch cafe at any time thereafter be fold for the Benefit of the faid Company, and for the railing of any Sum of Money which may be wanted for the Purpofe of carrying the faid recited A6t or this A& into Execution.

. XII. Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, poffeffed of any Share or Shares in the Capital Stock of the faid Company, to accept and take any Number of fuch Shares as (hall be fold at a lefs Sum than One Hundred Pounds fler Share, in Proportion to the Number of Original Shares holden by fuch Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or

i I 3	Col-

*53

f

Power to wife Money on Pro-miflory Notes.

Frovifo

Money may be applied in buying up Shaiet.

Difpofal of Shares.



*54

G\ clxxxiv.

Sy UEU. ill.

A.D.1813.

Power to fell

unappropriated Shares at luch Price as Company may think proper.

Payment of I11-tereft on Calls authorized#

49 G.3. ccxci. * Ji-

1

|6z#

Collegiate, as he, (he or they (hall think proper, within Twenty one Days after Notice (hall have been given in any Two or more of the London Newfpapers, or in fuch other manner as the faid Committee (hall think proper, of the Intention to difpofe of fuch Shires in manner aforefaid ; and in Default thereof, after the Expiration of the faid time, any other Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, poffeffed of any Share or Shares in the faid Undertaking, who (hall make Application for any fuch Shares at the Place, and within the Period to be limited and appointed by the faid Committee for that Purpofe, (hall be entitled to any Number of fuch Shares at fuch Rate or Value as (hall be fixed by the faid Committee purfuant to the Power hereinbefore given for that Purpofe ; and in cafe any fuch Share or Shares (hall remain undifpofed of after fuch Period, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Committee to fell or difpofe of the lame to any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever. Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, in fuch manner and at fuch price or Prices as they (hall think proper and expedient.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Committee of the faid Company to difpofe of fuch of the Shares authorized to be created in and by the faid recited Aft as now remain unfold or unappropriated, and alfo the Shares authorized to be created by this Aft, or fuch Part or Parts thereof as they may deem expedient, at and for fuch Price and Prices per Share, and to fuch Perfon or Perfons, as the faid Committee (hall from time to time think proper.

‘ XIV. And whereas the Committee of the faid Company have,

‘ with the Approbation and Confent of the faid Company, paid to

*	the feveral Proprietors of Shares in the faid Undertaking Intereft

*	after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the 4 feveral Sums of Money which have been paid from time to time

*	upon their refpeftive Shares by virtue of the Calls of the faid Com.

*	mittce fer and towards the Execution of the faid Undertaking ;* Be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Committee to continue the Payment of the faid Intereft by Half yearly Dividends as heretofore, and fuch Intereft or Dividends heretofore paid (hall be deemed and taken to be Part of the Capital Stock of the faid Company 5 and the faid Intereft or Dividends to be henceforth paid (hall be paid out of the Capital Stock of the faid Company; any thing in the faid recited Aft to the contrary not-withftanding.

1 XV. And whereas by the faid recited Aft it was enafted, That

*	it (hould be lawful for the Principal, Fellows and Scholars of Jefut 4 College, of Queen Elizabeth** Foundation, within the City and

*	Univerfity of Oxford, to contraft for, fell and difpofe of the whole 4 of a certain Piece or Parcel of Land then in tne Occupation of 4 John Hanbury Beaufoy and Thomas James, and comprized in the

*	Schedule to the (aid Aft annexed, and thereupon to grant, 4 convey and affign the faid Piece or Parcel of Land, and the Fee

*	Simple and Inheritance thereof, under their Common Seal, unto and 4 to the Ufe of the faid Company of Proprietors and their Succeftors, 4 and the faid Company of Proprietors were thereby authorized and

*	empowered to purchafe and take the fame Piece or Parcel of Land :

*	And whereas the faid Principal, Fellows and Scholars were entitled

11	*	under



C. clxxxir.



*	under the Provifions of the faid recited A A, together with all other ' Perfons from whom any Lands fhould be purchafed by the faid

* Company of Proprietors, to have the firft Right of repurchafing

* any Part of the faid Piece or Parcel of Land a9 fhould not be

*	wanted by the faid Company for the Purpofes of the faid Ad :

*	And whereas the faid Company of Proprietors are prevented by ‘ other Provifions in the faid recited Ad from making fuch Offer

*	of Refale to the faid Principal, Fellows and Scholars, in refpe6t of

*	a great Part of the faid Piece or Parcel of Land which will not f be wanted for the Purpofes of the faid Ad, fo that the Repurchafe

*	of the Refidue of fuch Part of the faid Piece or Parcel of Land

*	which will not be wanted as aforefaid will be of very fmall Ad-

*	vantage to the faid Principal, Fellows and ScholarsBe it there- Compenfation to fore further enaded, That the faid Company of Proprietors (hall and ke to Jeiii* they are hereby required to make Compenfation to the faid Principal, ColleSe Oxford* Fellows and Scholars, within One Calendar Month after the paffing

of this Ad, in refped of fuch Right to repurchafe fuch Part of the faid Piece or Parcel of Land which will not be wanted as aforefaid, and of which the faid Principal, Fellows and Scholars have been deprived as aforefaid; and in cafe the faid Company of Proprietors, and the faid Principal, Fellows and Scholars (hall not agree as to the Amount of fuch Compenfation within Seven Days after the paifing of this Ad, the fame (hall be aflefled by a Jury, to be lummoned in manner by the faid recited Ad direded in cafes where Juries are required to be fummoned to affefs the Value of Lands,

Grounds and rremifes to be taken and ufed for the Purpofes of the faid recited Ad.

XVI.	And be it further enaded. That when the Sum of Fifty 50,0001. depo-thoufand Pounds, invefled in the Names of Truftees as aforefaid, fitedinBank, and the Accumulations and Intereft thereof, (hall be transferred

to the faid Company of Proprietors in purfuance of the faid recited transferred, ?p-Ad, the fame, or a competent Part thereof, (hall be forthwith plied in finilhing applied in finifhing and completing the faid intended Bridge; and Bridge before no Part thereof (hall be laid out or expended in the making of any Pnrt ex* Roads or Avenues to the faid intended Bridge, or in the Purchafe PandedonRoads* of Houfes, Lands or Hereditaments for that Purpofe or otherwife howfoever, until and unlefs the faid intended Bridge, and every Part thereof, (hall be fully completed and fini(hcd.

XVII.	And whereas, for facilitating the Completion of the faid intended Bridge, it may be expedient to place Three Centres under

the Arches or intended Arches thereof at the fame time; Be it o. 3. c. cxci. therefore further enaded, That fo much of the faid recited Ad § 41. in part as extends, or may be conftrued to extend to prevent the faid repealed. Company of Proprietors from ereding and placing more than Two Centres at one time under the intended Arches of the faid Bridge, while the fame (hall be building, (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That the Not more than faid Company of Proprietors (hall not ered or place more than Three Centres Three Centres at one time under the Arches or intended Arches at wie

of the faid Bridge, while the fame (hall be building, and (hall not “m## begin to ered any other Centre until one of the faid Centres (hall be entirely removed, fo that there (hall not be at any one time more than

3 I 4	Three

 CjOOQle

Penalties.

Company autho-riftd to open Bridge for Paf. fencers asfocn m Arches are turned and Cen« tres removed.

In cafe Land purchafed by Company (hall not he ufed, Company to relell to City of London.

Three Centres or Parts of Centres (landing, being or remaining under the Arches or intended Arches of the faid Bridge ; and in cafe more than Three Centres or Parts of Centres (hall be (landing or remaining at the fame time, the Lord Mayor for the time being of the City of London (hall have fuch and tlie fame Power of removing the fame ; and the Expencea of fuch Removal, and fuch and the fame Penalties, (hall be paid and recovered in like manner as are exprefled in the faid recited Ati in cafe more than Two Centres or Parts of Centres fhould be (landing or remaining at the fame time.

4 XIX. And whereas it will tend to the Convenience of the * Public if the faid Company of Proprietors have Power to open the 4 faid intended Bridge for Paffengers before the fame (hall be fully 4 completed Be it therefore further enabled, That when and fo foon as all the Arches or intended Arches of the faid intended Bridge (hall be fccurely turned, and all the Centres ufed in buildiug the fame entirely removed, it (hall be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby empowered to make and open a Paflage for Paffengers over the Works of the faid intended Bridge, notwitn-ilading the Parapets and other Parts of the faid Bridge (hall not be made or finidied, and to demand and receive the Tolls in and by the faid recited Ad authorized to be taken and received from Paffengers eroding the faid Bridge ; and fuch Tolls (hall be applicable and be applied and difpofed of in the fame manner as the Tolls authorized by the faid recited Adt to be taken and received upon the faid Bridge, are thereby directed to be applied and difpofed of.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in cafe any Land or other Hereditaments purchafed by the faid Company of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, by vittue of the faid recited Adi, or any Part thereof, (hall not be ufed for a public Road or Way, the faid Company of Proprietors (hall and they are hereby empowered and required at the Requeft of the faid Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, but at the Cods and Charges of the faid Company, by an Indenture under their Common Seal, to grant and reconvey to the faid Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, by way of abfolute Sale, fuch Land or fuch Part of fuch Land and Hereditaments fo purchafed, as (hall not be fo ufed as aforefaid, for fuch Price or Sum of Money as (if no Part of the faid Land fo purchafed (hall be ufed as aforefaid) (hail be equal to the Sum paid by the faid Company for the Puichafe thereof; but, if Part of fuch Land and Hereditaments fo purchafed (hall have been ufed as aforefaid, for fuch Pi ice or Sum of Money as (hall bear the fame Proportion to the ivlvole Purchafe Money paid by the faid Company for the Purcliafe of the Land, Part of which (hall be ufed as aforefaid, as the Part of fuch Land which (hall not be ufed (hall bear in Quantity to the whole of fuch Land ; and in cafe of any Difference or Difpute, the fame to be adjuded and fettled by a Jury ; and Conveyances from the faid Company of Proprietors (hall be valid and effetlual; and that upon Payment of the Sum or Sums to be paid to the faid Company of Propriety's for fuch Reconveyances of Land as laft aforefaid, it (hull and may be lawful for the Treafurcr or Treafurers for the time being to the faid Company of Proprietors, to fign and give Receipts for the Money for which the fame (hall be fold, which

Receipts





clxXXlT.

*57

AJD.1813.	53* GEO. III.

Receipts (hall be fufficient Difcharges to ‘any Perfon or Perfons for the Purchafe Money for which fuch Lands or Buildings (hall be fold, • or for fo much thereof as in fuch Receipts (hall be acknowledged or cxpreffed to be received 5 and fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall not afterwards be anfwerable or accountable for any Lofs, Mifapplication or Nonapplication of fuch Purchafe Money, or any Part thereof.

XXI.	And be it further ena&ed, That nothing in this or the faid recited Ad contained (hall extend or be deemed or con ft rued to extend to enable the faid Company of Proprietors to (lop up or ob-ftrud a certain Way or Street called Narrow Wally in the faid Pari Hi of Saint Mary Lambeth, in the faid County of Surry.

XXII.	And be it further enaded, That nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued to enable the faid Company of Proprietors to ered any Buildings whatfoever except Toll Houfes on the faid Bridge and Roads.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Company of Proprietors, or their Committee, after giving Tweuty one Days Notice in Writing, to be affixed on all the Turnpike Gates which (hall then be ereded upon the faid Bridge and Roads, and ad-vertifing the fame Twice at leaft in fome Newlpaper publiftied or circulated in the City of LonJon9 from time to time to leafe and demife the Tolls granted by the faid recited A d and this Ad, or any Part or Parts thereof, for any Term of Years not exceeding Three Years, at any one time, for the beft Price that can be gotten for the fame, payable at fuch times and under fuch Covenants as the faid Company, or their Committees, (hall think fit, they the f»id Company having a Counterpart of fuch Leafe or Leafes, Demife or Demifes, and taking fuch other fufficient Security from the Perfon or Perfons, to whom any fuch Tolls (hall be leafed or demifed, for Payment of the Rents, and Performance of the Covenants to be referved and comprized in fuch Leafe or Leafes, Demife or Demifes, as the faid Company or their Committee (hall think fit.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, That when and as foon as there (hall be ereded, on any Part of the Ground or Soil upon which any Mefluages or Tenements were built, and which have been pulled down in purfuance of the faid recited Ad or this Ad, fituate within the Parifh of Saint Mary le Strand, in the County of Middlefexy MefTuages or Tenements, or other Buildings liable to be rated to the Land Tax, and Paving, Cleanfing, Lighting, Watch and Poors Rates, or any of them, within the laid Parilh, or for the Payment of any Sum of Money to the Redor and Officers of the Church of the fame Parifh, then and from thenceforth the faid Parifh of Saint Mary le Strand (hall not any longer be entitled to receive the Compenfation mentioned and dire&ed by the faid recited Ad for Deficiencies in the Produce of the faid Rates or Sums of Money, by reafon of the pulling down the Houfes and making the Alterations in purfuance of the faid recited Ad and this Ad without firft allowing thereunto, and the faid Parifh is hereby required to allow thereout, againft fuch Amount of Deficiencies the Amount of the Rates and Sums of Money which fuch newly erected Mefluages or Buildings (hall be re-fpedively liable to; any thing in the faid recited Ad to the coiurary oot with (landing.

4 XXV. And

Company not to obftrud Narrow Wall.

Company not to

build except Toll Houles.

Power to leafs Tolls.

ProvUion at to Rates of St. Mary le Strand.

49 G. 3. c.cxd.

§



c. cixxxiv.

SZ'UEAJ. ill.

49 G.3. c. cxcl

§88.

Dlftance from Somerfet Houfe Buildings*

Tolls on New Roads.

Landing Places.

49 G. 3. c. cxci. § 108. in part repealed.

49 G. 3. c. cxci. § 79 in pan repealed.

Expences of Juries, and Ver-dills, how a (certain ed«

Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Pur-chafes to be paid by Company.

c;. cixxxiv.	53*01uaj. hl	a.d. 1813

4 XXV. And whereas Doubts have arifen as to the Provifion in c the faid recited Ad in refped of the Diftance to be preferved

*	between the faid Bridge and Road or Way to be ufed as an

*	Approach from the faid Bridge to the Strand, and the Outiide

*	Walls of the Houfes or Buildings forming the Weft Side of

*	Somerfet Houfe, or the Buildings and Premifes thereunto belonging,

*	and for removing the fame ;9 Be it further enaded, That the Parapet Wall on the Eaft Side of the faid Bridge,' and the faid Road or Way, (hall not be nearer than Sixty Feet to the faid Outfide Walla of the (aid Houfes and Buildings, fuch Sixty Feet to be meafured as direded by the faid recited Ad.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Company (hall and may demand and take upon the Roads mentioned in the faid Ad, the feveral Tolls mentioned and authorized to be taken and demanded by the faid Ad, for and during the Term and in the manner mentioned and authorized in refped of Tolls to be taken upon the faid Bridge, and that fuch Tolls (hall be applied and difpofed of in manner in the faid Ad mentioned, in refped of the Tolls to be taken on the faid Bridge.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Company to make and conftrud Two Stone Stairs or Plying Places at each End of the faid Bridge.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That fo much of the faid recited Ad as extends to exempt any free Burgefs of Lancajler from the Payment of the Tolls authorized to be demanded and taken by the faid recited Ad and this Ad, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded, That fo much of the faid Ad as provides that the Expences of impannelling and returning Juries and taking Verdids for the Purpole of affefling the Value of Lands, Grounds, Houfes, Hereditaments and Premifes, to be taken or ufed for the Purpofes of the faid recited Ad and this Ad, or the Compenfation for Goodwill, or for any other Injury or Damage that may affed any Perfon or Perfons interefted in fuch Lands, Grounds, Houfes, Hereditaments and Premifes, (hall be fettled by any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the Counties of Middlesex or Surry (where fuch Verdids were taken, as the cafe may happen to be), (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXX.	And be it further enaded, That the Cofts and Expences of impannelling any Jury, and taking any Verdid in purfuance of the Proviiions of the faid recited Ad and this Ad, (hall be fettled and determined by the Sheriff, Under Sheriff or Coroner, before whom fuch Verdid (hall have been given, and fuch Sheriff, Under Sheriff or Coroner, is and are hereby empowered and required to examine and fettle the fame.

XXXI.	And be it further enaded, That, where by reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments to be pur-chafed under the Authority of the faid recited Ad or this Ad, the Purchafe Money (hall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance of the faid recited Ad, the faid Court may in its Difcretion order

the





C. dnxhr.

A<D>i8iji	$3*	GEO.	III.

8 S9

the Expencet of all Parch a fe 8 from time to time to be made in pur-

fuance of the faid Ad and this Ad, together with the neceflary

Cofts and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid

Company of Proprietors, or their Diredors, the fame being firft

taxed by a Matter of the faid Court, and the Proviiions of the

faid recited Ad in relation thereto (hall be, and the fame are hereby 49 <>• 3« c. cxci.

repealed.	$ 98. repealed.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded, That the Lord High Additional Com-Steward of Wejhninfter for the time being, the Very Reverend the mUfioner* ap. Dean of Wejlminjler for the time being, the Right Honourable pointed. Charles Seymour Conway commonly called Earl of Yarmouth, Sir

Thomas Sutton Baronet, William Congreve, Henry Swann, Benjamin Bloomfield, John Kingflon, William Ray ley, Edward Bilke, Hylton Jolijfe and Arthur Onflow, Serjeant at Law, (hall and they are hereby conftituted Commiffioners for executing the feveral Powers in and by the faid recited Ad fpecially provided and direded to be executed, in addition to the Commifiioners nominated and appointed by the faid recited Ad ; and the faid Commifiioners hereby nominated (hall be and they are hereby in vetted with all the Fundions, Powers and Authorities by the faid recited Ad given to the faid Com-mifiioners therein mentioned, and (hall be fubjed to all the Rett ridions, Claufes, Provifoes and Enadments in the faid recited Ad contained in relation to the faid Commifiioners.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaded, That the faid recited Ad, Provtfionsof and all and every the Tolls, Duties, Powers, Authorities, Provifions, f<*mer Ad ex-Regulations, Privileges, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things tend€ti 10 whatfoever therein contained, fo far as the fame are not hereby

repealed, (hall extend, and be conftrued to extend to operate and be in full Force and Effed, with refped to the Roads mentioned and deferibed in the faid recited Ad, and with refped to the Accefs or Approach to be made on the North End of the faid Bridge; and alto with refped to the Premifes mentioned and contained in the Schedule to this Ad, as to other Matters and Things to* be done, or which may arife in the Execution of this Ad, as fully and effedually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame and every of them, and every Part thereof, were repeated and re-enaded in this Ad, and were made Part thereof; and the recited Ad and this Ad (hall, as to all Matters and Things whatfoever (except as aforefaid) be conftrued a9 one Ad.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaded. That this Ad (hall be PubficAd, deemed and taken to be a Public Ad, and (hall be judicially

taken Notice of by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

SCHE-



*6a

C. clxxxir—clxxxvl.

A.D. 1813

S3

°GEO. m.

SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.

Van'll  and  Counts	j Number 1 on 1 Plan.	Defeript ion of Premifes.	Owner of Lands	Owner of Buildings.			  Occupier.
\  *	12	Shed . . J	His Majefty* by right of the Duchy	His Majefty" by right of the Duchy k	Jofeph Pegram.
li		I	ofLancafter	ofLancafter	
	*3	Timber Yard	Do.	Do.	Do.
^ * ^ CO	14I	Do. andWorkfhop	Do.	Do.	Do.
	>5	Timber Yard	Do.	Do.	Edw.Arglesdc Co.
0 ^	j6	Stable	Do.	Do.	Wiifon.
P-1	ll	Stable	Do.	Do.	Edw. Argles & Co.
	18	Yard	Do.	Do.	Do.
u	J9	Sutling Houfe	Do.	Do.	Hannah Jennins.
~ -C	20	Barracks	Do.	Do.	
U	21	Roadway to Yard	Do.	Do.	
CO —	22	Timber Yard	Do.	Do.	Edw. Argles & Co.
1  ^ 1	23	Yard	Do.	Do.	Wiifon.
	24	PaflTage into Strand	Do.	Do.	
« X I  -3 >	29	Dwelling Houfe -	Do.	Do.	D. Egg.
& =	30	Do. Do. -	Do.	Do.	G. Yonge.
C	31	Do. Do. -	Do.	Do.	Thos. Alexander.
’ re  co	3 2	Do. Do. -	Do.	Do.	Wiifon.
	33	The Strand			
- i	15. B.	River Thames			
o3					
-0  E					
				Ann Mallett	
rl  ri	108	Houfe and Yard -	Ann Mallett		Empty.
4J  II y					

Cap. clxxxv.

An Aft for indofing, lighting and improving Fit % william Square, in the County of the City of Dublin.	[ad July 1813.]

Cap. clxxxvi.

9G.3. c.56. An Aft for repairing and improving feveral Roads in the Counties J .1 G. 3. c. 103. of Montgomery, Merioneth and Stf/o/ ; and other Roads therein repealed.	mentioned.	(£)	[2d	1813.]

[.Double Tolls on Sunday."]

Cap.

 C^ooQle

A.D. i Si 3*

S61

53° GEO. III.	C. clxxxvii—cxciii#

Cap. clxxxvii.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an A A of King 16G2. c. 3. George the Second, and Two Afts of His prrfent Majeftv, for 9f;*3*c*T5* repairing the Road from Howes, in the County of Tork, to Brough *l C* lM* under Stain more, in the County of Wejlmorland ; and for repairing and widening the Road from Maiden Cajlle to Kaber Croft, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the faid Counties. (b)

[2d July 1813.]

[Additional Tntjlees. New Tolls, injlead of former Tolls.]

Cap. clxxxviii.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of King 33 G.%. c. 57. George the Second, and Two Adis of His prefent Majeftv, for ^C q'^1 c.1xt amending the Road from Maid (lone, in the County of Kent, to **

Tubl's Lake, in the Parifti of Cranlrook, in the faid County.

[2d July 1813.j

[Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.

Double Tolls between \Jl Oct• and \Jl April on Hop Poles, Timber,

Wood, Guns or Iron.]

Cap. clxjfxix.

An Aft for enabling the Right Honourable William Earl of Dartmouth to grant building Leafcs of his fettled Eftates, fituate in the Counties of 7“orb, Kent and Middlefex. (q. P.)

[2d July 1813.

Cap. cxc.

An Aft for enabling the Honourable and Reverend Gerald Valerian Wellejley, Doftor in Divinity, and the Reverend Richard Hodges to grant Building Lcafcs of feveral undivided Shares in a Piece of Land, called Chelfea Common, in the Parifti of Saint Lube, Chelfea, in the County of Middlefrx, purfuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpofc. (q. P.)	[2d July 1813.]

Cap. cxci.

An Aft to enable the Vicar of the Parifti and Parifti Church of Camberwell, in the County of Surry, to grant Lcafcs of the Glebe belonging to the faid Vicarage, (q. P.)	[2d July 1813.]

Cap. cxcii.

An Aft for veiling the Eftates devifed by the Will of the late Thomas Saunders Efquire, in Truftees, to be fold, and for applying the Monies thence arifing for the Purpofes and in manner therein mentioned, (q. P.)	[2d July 1813.]

Cap. cxciii.

An Aft for fubftitutingand appointing a newTruftee in the Place or Stead of Francis Lucius Aujlen Efquire, for the Purpofes of the Settlement made upon the Marriage of William John Campion Efquire, with Jane Aujlen Spiniler, now the Witc of the faid William John Campion; and alfo of the Will and Codicil of

Henry

 L-ooq Le

OU4

WC111—Cf.

53v ujbiUi iu>

n*17. i o v 3>

Henry Courlbope Campion Efquire, deceafed, fo far as refpedi the Freehold and Copyhold or Cuftomary Eltates thereby refpedively devifed to the Ufes or upon the Trulls of the faid Settlement* and for ceding the Trufk Eftates accordingly, (q. P.)

[id July 1813.]

Cap. cxciv.

An Ad for veiling Part of the Eftates devifed by the Will of Thomas Dun combe Efquire, and other Lands fettled to the fame Ufes, in Truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the Money to arife from the Sale thereof in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled in lieu thereof to the fame Ufes. (q. P.)	[2d	July 1813.J

Cap. cxcv.

An A d for exchanging the Lands of Brabjlerdorran, and other Heritages belonging to Henrietta Sinclair, as Heir under an Entail, made by David Sinclair of Soutbdun, deceafed, for other Lands and Heritages belonging to her in Fee Simple ; and for veiling the faid Lands of Brabflerdorrany and other Heritages, in Truftees, for the Purpofes therein mentioned, (q. P.)	[2d	July	1813.3

Cap. exevi.

An Ad for veiling the fettled Eftates of Edward Lee Efquire and Elizabeth his Wife, in the Counties of Waterford and Dublin, and in the County of the City of Dublin, in Truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the Monies thence ariling in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Eftates fo fold* (q. P.)	[2d	July	1813.3

Cap, cxcvii.

An A A for veiling certain Eftates devifed by the Will of Thomas Holt Efquire, in the County of Sujfolky in Truft for Sale } and for laying out the Monies thence ariling in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes. (q. P.)	[2d July 1813.]

Cap, cxcviii.

An Ad for incloling Lands in the Parilhof Withingtony in the County of Glouceflcr. (q. P.)	[2d July 1813.]

" Allotments and Compenfations for Tithes, $ 24.

Cap, exeix.

10 G. 3. c.72. An Ad for enlarging the Term of Two Ads of His prefent Majefty,

31 G.3. c. 101. for repairing and widening the Road from Biceflery in the County of Oxford, to Aylejbury, m the County of Bucks. (£)

[6th July 1813.3

[.Additional Trujlees,	Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted.

Double Tolls on Sunday.3

Cap. cc.

31 G.3. C.X03. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of Hi® prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from the Market Place

in

C. cc—ccvi,

853

A.D. 1813*	53°	GEO.	III.

in Bicejler, in the County of Oxford, to the Buckingham Turnpike Road in Aynho, in the County of Northampton; and for extending the Powers of the faid Ad to an adjoining Branch of Road. (b)	[6th July	1813.]

[.Additional Trujlees.	Former Tolls repealed,	new Tolls granted•

Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Capi cci.

An Ad for embanking, inclofiug *nd draining Lands in the Parifh of IVainfleet Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln.

[7th July 1813.]

u Allotment to His Majefty, $ 23.

Cap• ccii.

An Ad to enable the Truftees of certain Lands, demifed by the Will of William Seabright, deceafed, fituate in the Townfhip of Bednal Green otherwife Bethen Hall Green, in the Parifh of Stepney other-wife Stabinhcath, in the County of Middlefex, to grant Building Leafes thereof, (q. P.)	[7th	July	1813.]

Cap. eciii.

An Ad for enabling William Hall Efquire, to affign or furrender a Term of One thoufand Years, in Eftates, in the County of Oxford, unto or in Truft for Eltfha Bifcoe Efquire $ and for other Purpofes. (q. P.)	[7th	July 1813,

Cap. ccif.

An Ad for enabling Truftees, under the Diredion of the High Court of Chancery, to grant Building Leafes of Part of the Eftates of Thomas Milner Gibfon Efquire, deceafed, in Lambeth, in the County of Surry, and in IJlington, in the County of Middlefex ; and alfo under the like Diredion, to raife Money by Sale or Mortgage of the fame Eftates, for Payment of Charges and Incumbrances thereon ; and for other Puipofes. (q. P.)

[7th July 1813.3

Cap. cc9.

An Ad for confirming the Purchafe of a Term of Years in an Eftate at Knightfbridge in the County of Middlefex, being Part of the Settled Eftates of William Lowndes the elder, Efquire, deceafed, and for veiling Part of the faid Settled Eftates in Truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the clear Monies thence arifing, under the Diredion of the High Court of Chanceiy, in the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled in lieu of the Eftates fold, and to the fame Ufes; and to enable Truftees to grant Building Leafes of Part of the faid Settled Eftates ; and for other Purpofes. (q. P.)

[7th July 1813.J

. Cap. ccvi.

An Ad to enable The Hope HJfvrance Company to fue and be fued ; to grant Annuities, and to enrol Memorials thereof, under certain Regulations.	[10th	July	1813.3

Cap.



 CjOOQle

864

C.ccvii—ccix.

53° GEO. III.

A.D.1813.

11 G. 3.1

3*0..(.

repealed.

51G3.C.

Cap. ccvii.	^

An Aft to enable The Eagle Infuranee Company to fue and be fued in the Name of their Secretary or any Member thereof; and to inrol Annuities.	[10th	July	1813.3

98.

c.138.

Cap. ccviii.

An Aft for amending the Roads from Hodges to Beadles Hill and Cuckjieldy and from Beadles Hill to Lindfieldy and from thffe Cuclcfield and Crawley Road to HorJham> and from Swingate to Shover Greeny all in the County of Sujfcx. (£) [10th July 1813.3 [Double Tolls on certain Articles between 10th 0Sober and 5th April. Double Tolls on Sunday.2

Cap. ccix.

An Aft for enabling the Archbifhop of Canterbury to convey certain Tenements at Deal, in the County of Kent, to or in Truft for His Majefty, for the Public Serviit.	[10th	July	1813.3

4 'TT7HEREAS by an Aft paffed ;n the Fifty firft Year of the 4 W Reign of His prefent Majrfty, intituled An AS fer 4 enabling the Archbyhop of Canterbury to grant budding and re-

*	pairing Leafes of EJlates at Deal and Cliffe, in the County of Kent,

*	belonging to the See of Canterbury, and for other PurpofeSy after

*	reciting, amongft other things, that Charles Lord Archbifhop of 4 Canterbury, in Right of his See, was feifed of or entitled to divers 4 MefTuages or Tenements, Lands and Grounds, in the Town and 4 Borough and Parifh of Dcaly in the County of Kenty and in the 4 Parifh of Saint Margaret at Cliffe, in the fame County, feveral Parts 4 whereof were or might be required for the Public Service, it was 4 cnafted, that it fhould be lawful for the faid Charles Lord Arch-4 bifhop of Canterbury, snd his Succeffors from time to time, as to fuch 4 of his Lands and Grounds fo required for the Public Service, then 4 built upon or capable of Improvement by building, fituate in the

Town and Borough and Parifh of Deal aforefaid, and in the Parifh 4 of Saint Margaret at Cliffe aforefaid, and more particularly men-4 tioned and delcribed in the Schedule to the faid Aft annexed, as 1 were and fhould from time to time be out of Lcafe, folely and 4 alone with the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery; 4 and as to fuch of his and their faid Lands and Grounds, and the 4 Houfes and Buildings then erefted or to be erefted thereon, as 4 were or fhould be in Leafe to any Perfon or Perfon s for Years, or on 4 any Life or Lives, jointly and with the Concurrence of the original 4 LefTee or LefTees for the time being thereof, or his or their Heirs, 4 Executors, Adminiflratorsand Afligns refpeftively, by Indenture or 4 Indentures, to be fealed and delivered by the Lord Archbifhop for 4 the time being; and alfo as to fuch L(>afes as were to be granted 4 jointly or with fuch Concurrence as aforefaid, to be fealed and 4 delivered by fuch LefTee or LefTees, or his or their Heirs, Execu-4 tors, Adminiflrators or Afligns refpeftively, to demife and leafe all 4 or any Part of the fame Lands and Grounds, Houfes and Buildings 4 refpeftively for any Term of Years, not exceeding Ninety nine 4 Years in Poffeflion, or by way of immediate Revevlion, to any 4 Perfon or Pei Tons, in Truft for His Majefty or his Succeffors, for

4 the

V



53°trJGO.ui.

L'.cciz*

A.LM813*



4 the Public Service, with and under the Reftri&ions therein men*

4 tiooed: And it was thereby provided and ensiled, that it (hould be 4 lawful for the faid Archbilhop and his Succeffors, with the Ap-* probation of the laid Court, in lieu of the Rent or Share thereby 4 required to be referved to the faid Lord Archbilhop and bis Sue*

4 celfors, upon any Leafe or Leafes thereby authorised to be made,

4 to accept and make payable in manner thereinafter mentioned, as 4 or in the Nature of a Fine, fuch Sum or Sums of Money in Grofs - 4 as (hould be equivalent to the Rent or Share of Rent by the faid 4 A& required to be referved by any fuch Leafe or Leafes re-4 fpe&ively; fo that in every fuch Leafe there (hould be referved to 4 the Lord Archbilhop and his SuccelTors an annual Rent, equal to 4 or exceeding the Rent referved by the laft preceding Leafe of the 4 faid Lands or Grounds, or a due Proportion of fuch Rent, in cafe 4 the fame (hould have been referved for fuch Lands or Grounds 4 jointly with other Lands or Tenements: And it was thereby further 4 ena&ed, that all Monies arifing from the Fines fo to be taken 4 (hould be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with 4 the Privity of the Accountant General of the faid Court, to be 4 placed to his Account there emparte the Archbi(hop of Canterbury ;

4 and Proviiion was thereby made for having the Monies fo to be 4 paid into the Bank, or the Monies to be produced by Sale of the 4 Navy, Vi&ualling, Tranfport or Exchequer Bills, to be purchafed 4 with any of fuch Monies, or with the Intereft of any of fuch Bills 4 in manner therein dire&ed, laid out under the Dire&ion of the faid 4 Court in the Purchafe of Freehold Hereditaments and Copyhold 4 Hereditaments convenient to be held therewith (fuch Copyhold not 4 to exceed in Value One (ixth Part of the Freehold Premifes), to be 4 fituate io or near the Diocefe of Canterbury, to be fettled to the Ufe 4 of the faid Lord Archbi(hop and his SuccelTors in the faid See of 4 Canterbury; and which it was thereby ena&ed (hould from the 4 time of the Affurance thereof be annexed to and for ever thereafter 4 continue and be Part of the faid See: And whereas by an In- indenture of 4 denture of Leafe, bearing Date the Twelfth Day of December, in Letfe dated 4 the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, and iatb Dec. 181* 4 made between the faid Charles Lord Archbilhop of Canterbury of 4 the one Part, and Sir Thomas Boulden Thompfon Baronet, Comp-4 troller, Sir Francis John Hartwell Baronet, Deputy Comptroller,

4. and Sir William Rule Knight, and Henry Peake Efquire, joint 4 Surveyors, Four of the principal Officers and Commiffionera of 4 Hit Majefty’s Navy (on Behalf of His faid Majefty) of the other 4 Part; reciting an Indenture of Leafe bearing Date on or about the 4 Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and •4 ten, and made between the faid Lord Archbilhop of the one Part,

4 and the faid Sir Thomas Boulden Thompfon, Sir Francis John 4 Hartwell, Sir William Rule, and Henry Peake of the other Part 5 4 whereby the faid Lord Archbilhop demifed unto them, in Truft 4 for His faid Majefty, his Heirs and Succeffors, All that Piece or 4 Parcel of Land or Ground, lying in the Parifh of Deal in the 4 County of Kent, being Part of the Lord Archbilhop’s Wafte 4 Land and Sea Beach, belonging to the Manor of Deal Prebend,

4 and bounded on the North Side thereof by Ground then or then 4 late let to John Baker Efquire, and extends from the faid Ground 4 to the new Wall of the Entrance to the Storehoufes thereinafter 53 G10. III.	3K	4	mentioned



966

C. ccix.

53*GEO. HI.	A.D. 1813.

*. mentioned Sixty fix Feet, little more or left, from North to South * and from Eaft to Weft, from the High-water Mark of the Sea to < the Dwelling Houfe then or then late in the Pofleffion of George ‘ Lawrence Efquire: And alfo, all that Piece or Parcel of Land or 4 Ground in the faid Parifh of Deal, being Part of the (aid Lord 4 Archbifhop** Wade Land and Sea Beach belonging to hia faid 4 Manor, whereon were Storehoufea for the Service of Hi* Majefty’* 4 Ship* in the Downs ; and which faid laft mentioned Ground con-4 tains in Front from North to South toward* the Sea, Two hundred 4 Feet of Afiize, little more or lefs; and into the Land Eaft aid 4 Weft One hundred and fifty Feet of Aifize, little more or lefs, and 4 is bounded on the North Side thereof by the Piece of Land or 4 Ground thereinbefore mentioned and intended to be thereby 4 derailed, and on the South Side thereof by the Piece of Land or 4 Ground next thereinafter mentioned and intended to be thereby 4 demifed : And alfo, Five Feet of Ground then or then lately ufed 4 a* a Footway without the Wall of the faid Storehoufea on the 4 South Side thereof; and Five Feet of Ground then ufed as a Foot-4 way on the Weft Side thereof next the Country, and contains by 4 Admeafurement, together with the faid Footway, Two Rood* 4 and Thirty nine Perches, little more or lefs: And alfo, all that 4 Capftan and Beach Ground lying between the Sea and the faid 4 Premifes laft mentioned, containing from North to South Two 4 hundred and ten Feet of Aifize, little more or lef*; and from the 4 Front of the faid Storehoufes to the High-water Mark of the Sea, 4 Eighty Feet of Aifize, little more or lefs, and contain* by Admea-4 furement One Ropd Twenty one Perches and an Half, little more 4 or lefs: And alfo, all that Piece or Parcel of Land lying in the 4 Parifh of Deal aforefaid, being Part of the Wafte Land and Sea 4 Beach of the faid Lord Archbifhop belonging to his faid Manor 4 of Deal Prebend, containing in Length from a Stump or marked 4 Poft, on the (aid Five Feet Path or Footway near the faid Store-4 houfe9, thereinbefore mentioned, North, and from thence in a 4 ftraight Line towards Deal Caftle to another Stump or marked 4 Poft there fixed, South, Three hundred and feventy nine and an 4 Half Feet, or thereabouts, were the fame more or lef*, and in Breadth 4 from the faid laft mentioned Stump or marked Poft, to another 4 Stump or marked Poft, at High-water Mark, towards the Eaft, 4 Two hundred and thirty one Feet or thereabout*, little more or lefs, 4 which (aid Piece of Land laft mentioned contain* in the Whole Two 4 Acres and Two Perches or thereabouts, were the fame more or 4 lefs, and is bounded on the North Side thereof bv the Piece of 4 Land and Premife* laft thereinbefore mentioned, and intended to be 4 thereby demifed, and on the South Side thereof by the Piece of 4 Land next thereinafter mentioned and intended to be thereby 4 demifed, on the Weft by other Wafte Lands of the (aid Lord 4 Archbifhop, belonging to hi* faid Manor of Deal Prebend^ and on 4 the Eaft by the High-water Mark of the Sea: And alfo, all that 4- Piece or Parcel of Land lying in the Pariih of Deal aforelaid, being 4 other Part of the Wafte Land and Sea Beach of the faid Lord 4 Archbifhop, belonging to the (aid Manor of Deal Prebend, being 4 bounded on the North Side thereof by the Piece or Parcel of 4 Ground laft thereinbefore mentioned, and extending from the fame 4 Southward Eighty Feet of Aifize, little more or left; and from the

4	€ High.

C.ccix.

S 6j

A.D.1813.	53*	GEO.	HI.

•	High-water Mark of the Sea, on the Eaft, Weftward Two hundred 4 and thirty one Feet or thereabouts, little more or lefs; and is 4 bounded on the South and Weft Sides thereof by other Wafte

*	Lands of the faid1 Lord Archbifhop, belonging to the faid Manor 4 of Deal Prebend, and on the Eaft Side thereof by the High-water 4 Mark of the Sea : And alfo, all that Piece or rarcel of Capftan 4 Ground, lying in the Parifh of Deal aforcfaid, being Part of the faid 4 Lord Archbifhop’s Wafte Land and^Sea Beach, belonging to his 4 faid Manor, and which faid Piece or Parcel of Capftan Ground was 4 then late in the Occupation of John Baker, Efquire ; and is bounded 4 on the South by the firft mentioned Piece or Parcel of Ground 4 thereinbefore defcribed, and contains from North to South, at 4 each End thereof. Forty five Feet of Afiize, little more or lefs, 4 and from Eaft to Weft, from the High-water Mark of the Sea, to

*	the Road leading from the Middle Street, along the King’s 4 Buildings to Deal Caftle, One hundred and fifty Feet of Affize, 4 little more or lefs : And alfo, all that Piece or Parcel of Land, Part

•	of Deal Prebend, with the Buildings thereon ere&ed, fituate at the 4 South Weft Side of the Town of Deal aforefaid, being Part of certain 4 Lands called the Outgrounds, containing Sixty feven Feet from

*	North to South on the Eaft and Weft Sides thereof, and One

4 hundred and forty feven Feet from Eaft to Weft, on the North and 4 South Sides thereof, little more or lefs; abutting South and Weft on 4 Lands, Part of the faid Deal Prebend, then or then late let to John 4 May and William White; Eaft on the Road leading from Dover 4 to the Lower Street in Deal, and North on Land Part of the 4 faid Deal Prebend let to	Gammon ; and which faid Piece

4 or Parcel of Land was then ufed for the Service of His Maiefty; 4 To hold to them the faid Sir Thomas Boulden Thompjbn, Sir Fran tie 4 John Hartwell, Sir William Rule and Henry Peake, their Execu-4 tors, Adminiftrators and Afligns, from the making thereof, for the 4 Term of Twenty one Years, at and under the yearly Rents,

•	and fubjed to the Covenants and Agreements therein exprelTed 4 and contained, on the Part and Behalf of them the faid Sir Thomas 4 Boulden Tbompfon, Sir Francis John Hartwell, Sir William Rule 4 and Henry Peake, their Succeffors and Afligns, to be kept, done 4 and performed: And alfo reciting an Indenture of Leafe, bearing

*	Date the Twenty ninth Day of September One thoufand eight 4 hundred and five, and between the faid Lord Archbifhop of the

•	one Part, and John Cavell of Deal aforefaid, Boatbuilder, of the

•	other Part; whereby the faid Lord Archbifhop demifed to the faid

*	John Cavell, All that Piece or Parcel of Ground, fituate, lying 4 and being in South Street in Lower Deal, in Deal aforefaid, with a 4 new ere&ed Brick Building ufed for the drying of Herrings, a 4 large School Room with Workfhop under the fame, a new ere&ed 4 Plumber and Glazier’s Shop, a large Boathoufe and Workfhop, 4 Timber Yard, Coal Yard, and fundry Sheds ere&ed and built on 4 fome Part thereof, with the Garden and Appurtenances to the 4 fame belonging, abutting to a Five Feet Path or Paflage towards

*	the Eaft, to rremifes demifed to Edward Iggulden towards the 4 Weft, to South Street North, and to Premifes demifed to the

•	Reverend Montague Pennington towards the South ; and the fame 4 were then in the Tenure or Occupation of the faid John Cavell and 4 his Undertenants or Afligns; To hold the fame to the find John

3 K 2	4	Gsmll,

Indenture of Leafe. dated 29th Sep. 1805.



Indenturt of Leafe, dated 18th Oa. 1805.

Indenture of dated iffthOtt. 1805.

(•denture of Leafe, dated 18th Oa. 1805.

Cavell, fab Executors, Adminiftrators and Alfigns, from the laid Twenty ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and five, for the Term of Twenty one Years, under the Rents and Covenants therein contained, on his and their Parts to be paid, done and performed: And alfo reciting an Indenture of Leafe, bearing Date the Eighteenth Day of OQober One thoufand eight hundred and five, and made between the faid Lord Archbifhop of the one Part, and Edward Iggulden of Deal aforefaid, Brewer, of the other Part; whereby the laid Lord Archbifhop demifed to the faid Edward Iggulden, All that Piece or Parcel of Ground lying intermixed with the faid lad mentioned piece or Parcel of Ground, upon Part whereof had then lately been ereded and built a Stable and Coach-houfe, and lying oppofite to the Walmer Cajlle Inn in South Street in Daz/aforcfaia, abutting to the hereinbefore mentioned Premifes towards the Eaft, Weft ana South, and to South Street North, and the fame was then in the Tenure of	Solman	/

To hold to the faid Edward Iggulden, his Executors, Adminiftra-tors and Affigns, for the Term of Twenty one Years, at and under the Rents and Covenants therein contained : And al(b reciting aq Indenture of Leafe, bearing Date the faid Eighteenth Day of OQober One thoufand eight hundred and five, and made between the faid Lord Archbifhop of the one Part, and the Reverend Montague Pennington of Deal arorefaid, Executor of Elizabeth Carter decealed of the other Part; whereby the faid Lord Archbifhop demifed unto the faid Montague Pennington, All that Piece or Parcel of Meadow or Pafture Land lying and being at the South End of the Town of Deal aforefaid, and containing by Admeafurement in Length, from North to South* Thirty five Kods and Two Feet; and m fquare Contents by Eftimation Two Acres and a Quarter, little more or lefs, through which runs a Common Sewer, being Part of the Manor of Deal otherwife Deal Prebend; abutting to the King’s Highway towards the Weft, to Lands, Part of Deal Prebend demifed to John Cavell, towards the North and South ; and to the Five Feet Walk, leading to Deal Caftle, towards the Eaft; together with all Ere&ions and Buildings ere&ed and built thereoq, or on fome Part thereof (excepting thereout to the (aid Lord Archbifhop and his SuccefTors, all Mines, Minerals, Quarries and Timber Trees), and the fame were then in the Tenure of the faid Montague Pennington, Sylvefler P<fjfs, Jofebh Troun/el, William Monday* William Solman, James Tomlin, John Wife, James Agar, Thomas Cox, Thomas Hayward, the Commiflioners under the Ad of Parliament for paving the laid Town of Deal, and William White Efquire, fome or One of them, their or fome or One of their Undertenants or Afligns ; To hold to the (aid Montague Pennington, his Executors, Adminiftrators and Affigns, from the Date thereof for the Terra of Twenty one Years, at and under the Rents and Covenants therein referved and contained, on his and th^ir Part to be paid, done and performed; and alfo reciting an Indenture of Leafe, bearing Date the faid Eighteenth Day of OQober One thoufand eight hundred and five, and made between the faid Lord Archbifhop of £he one Part, and the faid John Cavell of the other Part; whereby the faid Lord Archbifhop demifed to the (fid John Cavell, AH that Piece of Ground near Deal Caftle, on Which was built a Shed, containing Two Roods and Thirty Perches 13	« (were

C. ccix.

*69

A.D. 1813.	530	GEO.	HL

(were the fame more or lefs), being Part of a certain Piece of Land called The Valley, Part of Deal Prebend; abutting to other Part of the faid Land towards the North, to the Highway towards the Weft, to the Lands rtext thereinafter mentioned towards the South, and to the Five Feet Walk leading to Deal CafUe towards the Eaft :

And alfo, all that other Piece of Land abutting to the laft mentioned Preolifes towards the North, to the King’s Highway towards the Weft, and to the Highway leading to the Five Feet Walk and other Premifes demifed to the faid John Cavell> towards the South and Eaft, and containing by Eftimation One Rood, were the fame more or lefs (excepting thereout to the faid Lord Archbifhop and his Succeflbrs all Royalties, Mines, Minerals, Quarries and Timber Trees) ; To hold to the faid John Cdvell, his Executors, Ad-miniftrators and Aifigns, from the making thereof for the Term of Twenty one Years, at and under the Rents and Covenants therein referved and contained, on his and their Part to be paid, done and performed ; and alfo reciting the faid Aft of the Fifty firft Year of 5iG.^.c.cxxxri. the Reign of His faid Majefty ; and that the faid feveral Pieces or Parcels of Ground, and other the Premifes thereinbefore mentioned and thereinafter mentioned and intended to be thereby demifed, were Parcel of the Premifes in Deal aforefaid, comprifed in the Schedule to the faid Aft 5 and that the faid principal Officers and Com-miffioners had purchafed or were about to purchafe, the faid feveral Indentures of the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Eighteenth Day of Odober One thoufand eight nund; ed and five ana had applied to have a full Term of T*wenty one Years m Pofteffion made up to them, in all the faid feveral Indentures of Leafe, to which the faid Lord Archbifhop had confented ; and that fuch Renewals had been perfefted accordingly ; and that the Sum of Eight hundred and ninety Pounds Four Shillings and Eleven pence had been paid to the faid Lord Archbifhop as a Fine or Connderation for the fame; and that all the Grid Premifes being required for the Public Service, the (aid Commiffioners had re-quefted the faid Lord Archbifhop to grant to them a Term of Ninety nine Years in the fame, upon the Surrender of the (aid feveral Indentures of Leafe, and the faid feveral renewed Terms of Twenty one Years, which the faid Lord Archbifhop had alfo confented to do upon having the Sum of Seventeen thoufand nine hundred and fifty nine Pounds One Shilling and 'Three pence paid as a Fine into the Bank of England, to be applied purfuant to the Direftions of the faid Aft; And alfo reciting an Order of the faid Court of Chancery, made upon the Petition of the faid Charles Lord Archbifhop of Canterbury, made on the Twenty ninth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, whereby it was ordered that the faid Lord Archbifhop fhould be at Liberty from time to time to lay before Mr. Tbomfon, one of the Mailers of the faid Court, Propofals for One or more Leafe or Leafes, or for One or more Contraft or Contrafts for a Leafe or Leafes, to be granted purfuant to the faid Aft ; and that the (aid*

Mailer fhould be at Liberty from time to time to flate fuch Pro-pofal or Propofals refpeftively, with'ids Opinion thereon to the*

Court, and be at Liberty to ftate any fpecial Circumftancea relating thereto; And alfo reciting the faid Mafter’s Report, bearing Date the Twenty fourth Day1 of November Oue thoufand

3 K j	•	eight



 LiOOQle

C-CQIX,

870

53® GEO. III.	A*D,i8i3*

4 eight hundred and twelve, whereby he certified that a Propofal had 4 been laid before him, on Behalf of the faid Lord Archbifhop, 4 whereby it was propofed that a Leafe (hould be granted of all the 4 Parcels of Lana and other the Premifes comprifed in the faid 4 feveral therein and hereinbefore mentioned Indentures of Leafe, to 4 the faid Commilfioners of His Majefty’s Navy, for the Term of 4 Ninety nine Years, at the yearly Rent of Forty Shillings 5 and on

*	Payment into the Bank of the Sum of Seventeen thoufand nine 4 hundred and fifty nine Pounds One Shilling and Three Pence, by 4 way of Fine or Premium for fuch Leafe 5 and the faid Matter alto

*	certified that, upon the Evidence ftated in the faid Report, he was 4 of Opinion it would be for the Benefit of the faid Lord Archbifhop 4 and his Succefibrs, that a Leafe (hould be granted to the faid Com* 4 miifioners of the faid feveral Parcels of Land and Hereditaments 4 comprifed in the faid feveral Indentures of Leafe, fituate in the 4 Parilh and Town of Deal, in the County of Kent, Part of the Pre-4 mifes comprifed in the Schedule to the faid A& of Parliament, 4 for the Term of Ninety nine Years, to commence from the Day 4 of the Date of the faid propofed Leafe, at the yearly Rent of 4 Forty Shillings ; and fubjeit to fuch Covenants as were dire&ed by 4 the laid A& ; and alfo certified his Opinion that the Sum of 4 Seventeen thoufand nine hundred and fifty nine Pounds One Shilling

*	and Thiee pence, propofed to the paid by the faid Commilfioners

*	by way of Fine or Premium for granting fuch Leafe, was a proper 4 Sum to be paid into the Bank, in manner dire&ed by the faia Ad, 4 according to the Value of the faid Premifes, and the Intereft of the 4 faid Lord Archbifhop therein: And alfo reciting an Order of tbe faid 4 Court, made on the Thirtieth Day of November One thoufand eight 4 hundred and twelve $ whereby it was, amoneft other things, ordered, 4 that the faid Report (hould be confirmed, and that it (hould be 4 referred back to the faid Mailer to fettle and approve of the 4 Leafe propofed to be granted by the faid Lord Archbilhop to the 4 faid Commilfioners as aforefaid ; and that the faid Commilfioners 4 (hould pay the Sum of Seventeen thoufand nine hundred and 4 fifty nine Pounds One Shilling and Three pence into the Bank, 4 with the Privity of the Accountant General of the faid Court, to 4 be there placed to the Credit of * Ex parte the Archbilhop of Can-4 terbury ;* And further reciting, that the Treafurer of His Majefty's 4 Navy had, in purfuance of the faid Order, paid into the Bank the 4 Sum of Seventeen thoufand nine hundred and fifty nine Pounds 4 One Shilling and Three pence, purfuant to the Dire&ions con-4 tained in the faid A6t; and alfo reciting that the faid Mailer had 4 perufed the Draft of tbe faid Leafe, and had approved thereof,

4 and had figned his Name in the Margin of the faid Leafe, in tefti-4 mony of his Allowance of the fame 2 It was by the faid Inden-

InSentur;, 4 ture, of the Twelfth Day of December One thoufand eight

xath Dec. x8x». • hundred and twelve, Witnefied, that in confideration of the Sur*

4 render of all the faid feveral thereinbefore in Part recited Indentures 4 of Leafe, and of the faid full Term of Twenty one Years in the 4 fame, granted upon fuch Renewals as aforefaid 5 and alfo in con-4 fideration of the Sum of Seventeen thoufand nine hundred and fifty 4 nine Pounds One Shilling and Three pence, fo paid as thereinbe-4 fore mentioned, the faid Charlet Lord Archbilhop of Canterbury9 4 in obedience to the faid Order of the faid Court of Chancery, and 4 purfuant to and ^>y force and virtue and in exercife and execution

* of

 CjOOQle

C.cclx,

A.D.1813.

53* geo. nr.

4 of the Power or Authority veiled in him for that Purpofe by the € faid recited A&, and of every other Power or Authority enabling 4 him in that Behalf, did demife and leafe unto the faid Sir Thomas 4 Boulden Thompfon, Sir Francis John Hart welly Sir William Rule ' and Henry Peake, in Truft for His Majefty, his Heirs and Suc-

*	ceffors; all and Angular the faid feveral Pieces or Parcels of 4 Ground, with the Meffuages or Tenements, and all other the

*	Erc&ions and Buildings ereded and built thereon, or on fome

*	Part thereof, mentioned and comprifed in the faid feveral there-

*	inbefore in Part recited Indentures of Leafe; and all Ways,

4 Paths, Paffages, Water*, Watercourfes, Profits, Commodities and € Appurtenances to the fame refpe&ively belonging, or in any

*	wife appertaining; and which laid Premifes were therein men-4 tioned to be more particularly deferibed in the Plan or Ground 4 Plot thereof, in the Schedule to the faid Indenture of Leafe ; To

*	hold unto the faid Sir Thomas Boulden Thompfon, Sir Francis John 4 Hart welly Sir William Rule and Henry Peake, their Succeffors and

*	Afligns, for the Term of Ninety nine Years, to be computed 4 from the Twenty ninth Day of September then lad, in Truft for

*	His Majefty ana his Succeffors for the Public Service ; fubjed to 4 the Payment therefore, during the faid Term of Ninety nine 4 Years, unto the faid Lord Archbifhop and his Succeffors, of 4 the yearly Rent of Forty Shillings on the Feaft Days therein 4 mentioned, by equal Portions ; and alfo fubjed to the Covenants,

4 Provifoes and Agreements therein contained, by and on the Part 4 of the faid Sir Thomas Boulden Thompfon, Sir Francis John Hart-

*	welly Sir William Rule and Henry Peake% and their Succeffors, to • 4 be paid, obferved and performed ; and after ftating that there then

4 was, and for fome time paft had been, a Public Sewer or Drain 4 palling from North to South through the Whole, or a confiderable ‘ Part of the Premifes thereby intended to be demifed; it was 4 thereby agreed, by and between the faid feveral Parties thereto,

4 for themlelves, their refpe&ive Succeffors and Afligns, that the 4 faid Public Sewer or Drain (hould from time to time, and at all 4 times during the Continuance of the faid Demife, be kept open 4 in the fame manner in all refpe&s as the fame had theretofore been :

4 And whereas the faid principal Officers and Commiflioners of 4 His Majefty’s Navy, conceiving that it would be for the Benefit of 4 the Public Service to obtain the Fee Simple of the faid Grounds,

4 Buildings and Premifes fo demifed to them by the faid Lord 4 Archbimop, for the laid Term of Ninety nine Years, in Truft for 4 His Majefty and his Succeffors, for the Public Service as afore-4 faid, upon the like Truft; as alfo to purchafe the Reverfion in 4 Fee Simple of Three fmall Pieces or Parcel of Land (Part of 4 the Eftates belonging to the faid See) fituate at Deal aforefaid,

4 and lying contiguous and immediately adjoining to the faid 4 Grounds, Buildings and Premifes, fubjeH to Three feveral Leafes 4 granted to the Reverend Montague Pennington, John Iggulden and 4 John Cavell of the fame, by the faid Lord Archbilhop of Canter* 4 bury, bearing Date refpe&ively the Eighteenth Day of OBoler One 4 thoufand eight hundred and five, and now intended to be renewed . • for Three leveral Terms of Twenty one Years at and under the 4 Rents and Covenants therein refpe&ively referred and contained ; 4 as alfo to purchafe the Scite of the Footpath paffing through a Part

3K 4	4	of

871

C» ccix*

8ya

Archbiftiop uf Canterbury may (Ul Pretnifes,

&c. ddcribed in FirA Schedule, to Hia Majefty for Public .Service.

Brain or Sewer, ftated in Leafe iath Dec. ifcn. kept open.

Archbifhop of Canterbury empowered to fell Premifet, Sec. deferibed in fecond Schedule.

53' GEO, in.

4^.1813.

of the Cud Piece* or Parcel* of Land ; have proposed to the £*id Lord Archbifliop to give for the Purchafe of toe Reverfioo in Fee Simple of the uid Grounds, Buildings and Premifea fo demifed to them the (aid principal Officers and Commiffioncrs of His Majefty*8 Navy as aforefaid, expedant on the faid Term of Ninety nine Years, the Sum of One thoufand and thirty eight Pounds Ten Shillings and Three Halfpence 5 and for the Purchafe of the Reverfion in Fee Simple of the faid Three final! Pieces or Parcels of Land expedant on the faid Three Several Terms of Twenty one Years, the Sum of Three hundred and feventy two Pounds; and for the Purchafe of the Scite of the faid Footpath, the Sum of One hundred Pounds; the {aid Three feveral Sums to be paid into the Bank, in the Name of the Accountant Geueral of the Court of Chancery, to be applied as hereinafter is mentioned; and the faid Lord Archbifliop being Satisfied that the faid Sums are a full and fair Coniideration for fuch Purchafes, thought fit to accede to fuch Propofal; but the fame cannot be carried into Execution without the Aid of Parliament :* May it therefore pleafe Your Mod Excellent Majefty (at the Petition of the faid Charles Lord Archbifhop of Canterbury ) that it may be enacted, and be it enafted by the King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament Affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it (hall be lawful for the Lord Archbifhop of Canterbury for the time being, at any time or times, after Payment of the Sum of One thoufand and thirty eight Pounds Ten Shillings and Three Halfpence, in manner hereinafter direfted, by Indenture or Indentures, to be fealed and delivered by the Lord Archbifhop for the time being, to grant, bargain and fell and afiure all the faid MefTuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Pre-mifes, hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, and by the faid Indenture of the Twelfth Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, demifed or exprefled and intended fo to be, with their and.every of their Rights, Members and Appurtenances, and more particularly deferibed in the Firft Schedule to this Aft annexed, and the Reverfion and Reverfions, Remainder and Remainders, Rents, KTues and Profits thereof, unto and to the Ufe of His faid Majefty, his Heirs and Succeftbrs for eWfcr, for the Public Service, or unto and to the Ufe of any other Peffon or Perfons, and his or their Heirs and Affigns for ever, in Truft for His Majefty and his Suc-cefTors, for the Public Service.

II.	Provided nevertheless, and be it further enafted, That the faid Public Sewer or Drain, mentioned in the faid Leafe of the Twelfth Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, (hall from time to time, and at all times, as well from and after as before fuch Conveyance, be kept open in all refpefts as the lame has heretofore beeo, or diverted or turned in fuch manner as (hall be from time to time ordered and direfted by the Commiffioncrs of Sewers, afting for the Diftrift wherein the fame is fituate.

III.	And be it further enafted. That it (hall be lawful for the Lord Archbifliop of Canterbury for the time being, at any time or times after Payment of the Sum of Three hundred and feventy two Pounds in manner hereinafter direfted by Indenture or Indentures to be fealed and delivered by the Lord Archbifliop for tbe time being, to

grant.

 {^.ooQle

C.ccix.

*73.

A.D4S13.*	53*	GEO.	III.

Sant, bargain* fell and allure all the laid Three Piecee or Parcels of and and Premifes hereinbefore mentioned or referred to by the faid Three feveral Leafes of the Eighteenth Day of 0Sober One thoufcnd eight huudred and fire as afore faid, and more particularly mentioned and described in the Second Schedule to this A& annexed; and the Reverfion and Reverfions, Remainder and Remainders, Rents, 1 flues and Profits thereof, unto and to the Ufe of His faid Majefty, his Hein and Succeflors for ever, for the Public Service, or unto and to ;the Ufe of any other Perfon or Perfons, and his or their Heirs and Affigns for ever, in Truft for His Majefty and his Succeflors, for the Public Service; but fubjeft nevertheless and without Prejudice to the faid Three feveral Leafes, and the faid Three feveral Terms of Twenty one Years if then fubfifting, and to any future Renewal or Renewals of the fame.

IV. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the Lord Archbifhop m«y Archbifhop of Canterbury for the time being, at any time or times convey Scite of after Payment of the Sum of One hundred Pounds in manner herein- Footpath, See. after dire&ed, by Indenture or Indentures to be fealed and delivered by the Lord Archbifhop of Canterbury for the time being, to grant, bargain, fell and affure the Scite of the faid Footpath running through a Part of the faid Pieces or Parcels of Land as aforefaid, with all Eafements and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, unto and to the Ufe of His faid Majefty, his Heirs and Succeflors for ever, for the Public Service, or unto and to the Ufe of any other Perfon or Perfons, and his or their Heirs and Affigns for ever, in Truft for His Maiefty and his Succeflors, for the Public Service; but fubje& to fuch Rights of Way, or other Rights, which any Perfon or Perfons, other than and except the faid Lord Archbifhop and his Succefibrs, may have or claim, in, through, over or upon the fame: Provided Protifo. neverthelefs, that fuch Conveyance of the faid Scite of the faid Footpath for the Sum of One hundred Pounds as aforefaid (hall be on this exprefs Condition, that in cafe the (aid Footpath (hall at any time hereafter be legally ftopped, diverted or turned, the faid Principal Officers and Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Navy do and (hall increafe the Width of the prefent Street, called South Street, in Lower Dealt by giving up a Portion of the Premifes through which it runs to and for the Ufe of the Public at large.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Sums of One thoufand Money paid by and thirty eight Pounds Ten Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny, Treafurer Three hundred and feventy two Pounds, and One hundred Pounds, ^fvy mt0 Bank* fhall or may be paid by the Treafurer of His Majefty’s Navy into the Bank of England\ in the Name aud with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, 4 ex parte the Archbifhop of Canterbury,f purfuant to the Method prefenbed by the Ad of the Twelfth Year of King I4 c.x. c. 3a. George the Firft, Chapter the Thirty fecund, and the General Orders of the faid Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Ad * of the T welfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter the Twenty ,x G. a. c. 14. fourth 1 and fhall when fo paid in be laid out in the Purchafe of Navy or Victualling Bills, or Tranfport or Exchequer Bills; and the Intereft arifing from the Money laid out in fuch Bills, and the Money received for the fame, as they fhall be refpedively paid off by Government, fhall be laid out in the Purchafe of other Navy or Vi&ualiing Bills, or Tranfport or Exchequer Bills: Provided, that

it



C.ccix.

53* GEO. III.	A.D.1813.

Receipts of Caihienof Bank fufficient Dif-charge.

Court of Chancery empowered to uy out Funds in Purchafe of Lands.

it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid Coart of Chancery to make fueh General Order or Order*, or Special Order or Order* if necefianr, that whenfoever the Exchequer Bill* of the Date of thofe in the Hands of the faid Accountant General (hall be in the Courfe of Payment by Government, and new Exchequer Bill* (hall be iffued, fuch new Exchequer Bill* may be received in Exchange for thofe which are fo in the Courfe of Payment, as (hall be effeftual for enabling fuch Receipt in Exchange# and in that event the Intereft of the old Bill* (hall be laid out as before direfted with refpeft to the Intereft when the Bills are paid off; all which (aid Navy, Viftualling, Tranfport and Exchequer Bill* (hall be depofited in the Bank, in the Name of the faid Accountant General, and (hall there remain until the fame (hall, upon a Petition to be preferred to the Court of Chancery in a fummary way, by or on Behalf of the Lord Archbilhop of Canterbury for the time being, be ordered to be fold by the faid Accountant General for carrying the Purpofea of this Aft into Execution.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That the Certificate or Certificate* to be given by the faid Accountant General, together with the Receipt or Receipts of one of the Ca(hiers of the Bank of England to be thereunto annexed, and therewith filed in the Regiftrar Office of the faid Court of Chanceij, of the Payment into the Bank of England of the faid Purcbale Monies, or an Office Copy or Office Copies of fuch Certificate or Certificates, and Receipt or Receipts, (hall be and be deemed and taken to be a good and fufficient l)if-charge for the fame, or fo much thereof for which fuch Certificate or Certificates, and Receiptor Receipt* as aforefaid, (hall refpeftively be given.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Court of Chancery from time to time, upon a Petition to be preferred to that Court in a fummary way, by or on Behalf of the faid Lord Archbilhop of Canterbury for the time being, to order the Accountant General of the faid Court to pay and apply the whole, or any Part or Parts, as to the fame Court (hall feem right and proper, of the Monies hereinbefore direfted to be paid into the Bank, or of the Monies to be produced by Sale of the aforefaid Navy, Victualling, Tranfport or Exchequer Bills, for the Purchafe of Freehold Manors, Meftuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of an Eftate of Inheritance in Fee Simple, in Pofleflion, or of Copyhold Mefiuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments convenient to be holden therewith (fo as fuch Copyhold Part (hall not exceed in Value One fixth Part of the Freehold Premifes fo to be purchafed) free from all Incumbrances (except Quit Rents, Fee Farm Rents, or other ufual Outgoings or Payments), to be (ituate in or near the (aid Diocefe of Canterbury / and that all and (ingular the Freehold and Copyhold, Manors, Mefliiages, Farms, Lands, Tenements and 'Hereditaments which (hall be fo purchafed as aforefaid (hall be there-upon immediately fettled, conveyed, furrendered and afTured unto and to the Ufe of the Lord Archbilhop of Canterbury for the time being, and hi* Succeflors, in the faid See of Canterbury for ever ; and (hall from the time of fuch Conveyance and Surrender, or Afiurance, be annexed to and for ever thereafter continue and be Part of the (aid See,

VIII. Pro-

.. L

 CjOOQle

C. cci*.

A.D.1813.	53*GEO.	IIL

*7 5

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no Leafe T«nn of Lesfes. or Leafes (hall be made by the Archbifhop of Canterbury for the

time being of all or any Part of the Manors, MefTuages, Farms,

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be purchafed m purfuance of this Aft, for any Term exceeding Twenty one Years, in Pofleflion, and not in Reveruon, or otherwife, than at the bed improved Rent or Rents, payable Half-yearly, or oiftener, which can or may be obtained for the fame; and that all Leafes to be fo made the Lord Archbifhop of Canterbury for the time being (hall be binding on him and his SuccefTors.

IX.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted, That it Court of Chan-

fhall be lawful for the faid Court of Chancery, from time to time, ***7 "“7 «der to make fuch Order or Orders as to the faid Court (hall feem meet,	E -

for fettling and ascertaining the Cods of applying for, obtaining and pcnc*s* paffing this Ad, and of the feveral Applications to be made to the

laid Court refpefting the Matters aforefaid, and the Cods of taking the faid Monies out of the Bank, and inveding fuch Monies in fuch Purcbafe or Purchafes as aforefaid ; and alfo the Cods and Expences attending the Execution of all other the Truda of this Ad 5 and for Payment of all fuch Cods, Charges and Expences, except the Cods of applying for, obtaining ana paffing this Ad* out of the Monies fo to be paid into the Bank as aforefaid, or to arife by Sale of the faid Navy, Vidualling, Tranfport or Exchequer Bills fo to be purchafed as aforefaid ; and that the Cods of applying for, obtaining and paffing this Ad, fhall be paid by the Principal Officers and Commiffioners of His Majedy’s Navy for the time being.

X.	Saving always to the King's Mod Excellent Maiedy, his General Sjvinj. Heirs and SuccefTon, and to all and every other Perfon and Perfons,

Bodies Politic and Corporate, his and their Heirs, SuccefTon, Exe-cuton and Adminidrators (other than and except the faid Charles Lord Archbifhop of Canterbury, and his SuccefTors Archbifhops of Canterbury), all loch Edate, Right, Title, Intered, Benefit, Property,

Claim and Demand whatfoever, of, in, to or out of or upon the {aid Hereditaments fo to be granted, bargained and fold as aforefaid, under or by virtue of this Aft, and every or any Part thereof, as he, fhe and they, and every or any of them had before the paffing of this Aft, or would, could or might have had, held aud enjoyed, in cafe this Aft had not been made.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft fhall be printed • EvMenceClaufei by the feveral Printers to the King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, duly authorifed to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and that

a Copy thereof fo printed by any of them fhall be admitted as Evi*

(fence thereof by all Judges, Judices and others.

The

 ^.ooQle

6

G.ccii.	53ftQED.III.	AT).	1813.

No.

4

7-

8.

5-

6.

9*

10.

11. 22. *3* *4-*5-16.

J7-

18

19.

20.

23*

21.

22.

l5-

l4-

ED/T* HOLL. The Second SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.

NJO	Names of Tenant*.	Premifes.	Meafure.	Relerved Rent.
			A. R. P.	£ s. d.
2.	John Iggulden	Piece of Land and Cap-7 stan Ground - J		10	— I —
3-	Reverend Mon 7 tagu Pennington J	Do. Do.		4	— I —
.6.	John Cavell J	Carpenter’s Yard, Capftan 7 and Anchor Ground 3	— I —	
7*	Do.	Capftan Ground		24	
			\- 138	— 2 —

HOLL. Cap.



The Firft SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.

Name* of Tenants.

Premifes.

Meafure

Commiffioners of the Navy

John Cavell

-{

Do.

Do.

Henry Cavell Edward Iggulden Reverend Mon-7 tagu Pennington J

Sylvefter Eaftes

Trounfell William Monday William Salmon -JamesTomlin junior Sylvefter Eaftes -John Wife James Agar Thomas Cox Thomas Hayward Comn\ifiioners of) Pavement - I William White,

Lfq.

John Cavell

Do.

Do.

Commiffioners of] Steam Engine j

Naval Yard and Premifes') belonging	-	j

Boat Shop, Painter’s Do. 7 Yard, 5cc. 5cc. - j Piece of Garden Ground -Do.	Do.

Store Houfes Stables and Yards

Two Storehoufes and Land

Bricklayer’s Shop and 7 Yard, Houfe and Garden J Garden

2 Tenements and Gardens 2 Do. and Do.

1 Do. and Do.

1 Do. and Do.

Garden

Garden

Garden

Garden

Refenroir, 3cc.

Small Tenement with Cow 7 Sheds, 8cc. -	-	J

Strip of Land adjoinirigJ Navy Yard Yards, &c. &c.	-	-

Do. Do.

Steam Engine, &c.

------35

—	l5

—	26

—	U

—	27

----34

—	16

—	16

-38

—	34

----13

~ i 15

—	1

—	6

----7

23

t —

3 5

— 2

11 — 2

A.D.i8i3*

C. ccx—-ccxvi.

877

53# GEO. III.

Cap* ccx.

An Aft for veiling certain Etiates devifed by the Right Honourable John Vifcount Bateman, deceafed, in Truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the Monies anting therefrom, under the Di-reftion of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchafe of other Etiates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes. (q. P.)

[12th July 1813.]

Cap. ccxi.

An Aft to enable The Marine Infurance Company of Dublin to fue and be fued in the Name of their Secretary or Secretaries.

[13th July 1813.]

Cap. ccxii.

An Aft to enable The Phan't x AJfurance Company of London to fue and be fued in the Name of their Secretary, or any Member.

[20th July 1813.]

Cap* ccxiii.

An Aft for altering the Rules, Statutes and Ordinances of the Hof-pital of Robert Earl of Leicejler, in Warwick ; and for enabling the Matter and Brethren of the faid Hofpital to raife Money on the Security of the Etiates thereof in order to provide for the Reception of additional Brethren therein, (q. P.)

[20th July 1813.]

Cap. ccxiv.

An Aft for extending and amending an Aft of Queen Anne, for making the River Cham more navigable, from Clayhithe Ferry to the Queen9s Mill, in the County of Cambridge. [21ft July 1813 ]

Cap. ccxv.

An Aft to enable the Norwich Union Society for the Infurance of Lives and SurvivoHhips, to fue in the Name of their Secretary, and to be fued in the Names of their Direftors, Treafurers and Secretary.	[sift July 1813.]

Cap. ccxvi.

An Aft to enable the Norwich Union Society for Infurance againft Lofs bv Fire, to fue in the Name of their Secretary, and to be fued in the Names #f their Direftors, Treafurers and Secretary.

taift July 1813.]



1 Ann. Sut. 2.

«. 17.

 LjOOQle



INDEX

TO THE

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS, 53GEO.IIL

Signifies that the AS relates exclufively to Ireland.

Abuses (Offices)

Adminift ration of Juft ice Ale. See Beer and Ale.

American Prizes -	•

Annuities, (Judges)

—--------, See Loans. Life An-

nuities.

Appropriation A&

■	of	£200^00.	for

Cap.

•130

*4

63

J53

136

*161

*92

♦78

Ireland

Archbiihops (Menfal Lands)

Arms (improper Perfons haring)

------ See Fire Arms.

Army (Mutiny and Defertion) 17 Artificers (Juitices rating Wages) 40 Afleffed Taxes	-	-	*59

Audit Office	-	-	150

Bank of England and Ireland (Notes) 5 (Tokens) 19. 114

Bank of Ireland (counterfeiting Tokens)	-	-	4

Bankers exempted from Penalties of Stat. 52 G. 3. c. 138. for preventing counterfeiting Tokens	-

Barilla (additional Duty on, re-pealed)	-

Battle Axe Guards Beer (Sugar in Brewing)

-----and Ale (Licences)

Benefit of Clergy Bills of Exchange, Foreign (Pay-mailer of Forces accepting, payable at Bank)

Birmingham, Gun Barrel Proof Houle -Biihops (Menfal Lands)

Blue (from Wheat prohibited) (Repealed, c. 23. f 1.) Boatmen (fupplying Veffels with Pilots) -	-

106

*39

i°5

*54

1

#I37

162

100

"5

•92

2

140

Boatmen and others (Frauds) -Bonds from Mates of Merchant! Veffels under 21 (Officers of > Cuftoms taking) - J Goods exported

Cap.

8?

47

Bounty c (Claim)	-	-	105

Bread ( Affize and Price of) -	116

Bream (Salt Duty-free for curing) 124 Bridges (Damage from Floating Timber)	-	-	117

------and Tolls (Grand Juries

prefenting) -	-	-	*77

Brokerage, Sale and, of Offices 54.129 Butter Trade (Regulations) +46 Canal Company, Royal (diffolved) *101 ----------------Grand	(Application of Money) -	*143

Carriages (Duties and Taxes) #59 Chancellor. See Vice Chancellor. Chancery (I.) See Court of Chancery.

Church Rates (Recovery)	*127

Churches, Pariih (Scites of) *66 Cinque Ports (Pilots, &c.)	140

Coals, Drawback of Dutv ufed in Steam Engines for railing Ores in Devon and Cornwall -	18

—, 8cc. to London	-	135

Coin (Current Gold)	-	5

Conger (Salt Duty-free for curing)	-	-	-	124

Conftables of Manchefter and Salford	-	-	-	72

Controverted Ele&ions (Trials) 71 Corn (Diftillation) -	-	7

Cotton Trade (Regulations) *75’ Court of Admiralty ( Regiftrar) 151 —— Chancery in Ireland (oix Clerks) -	-	*129

-----Seffion	64

Court Houfes (building)	*131

Courts,

 L,ooQle

INDEX TO THE PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS, 53*GEO. III.

C»)>.

Courts, Ecclefiaftical (regulated) 127 ——— Martial	- -	99

Creditors (Scotch)	•	65

Curates (Stipendiary) -	149

Cuftoms (additional Duties of) 33.

!*55- io5

■1 ■ ..- Barilla, (additional Duty

repealed) -	•	-	105

--------Duty-free Goods exported

(Value ascertained) -	98

—— Officers of ( Bonds from Mates of Merchant Veffels)	47

•----— (Pearls Duties altered )	105

-----— Rice (additional Duty

on)	-	-	10

-- — - Starch, Duties in Part fufpended -	-	2.	23

—— Sugar from Martinique,

8cc.	-	62•	*104, 105

—-------Wine of Cape of Good

Hope (Duty)	-	84

-----Spanifh Red -	8

Cyder ( Licences to retail)	*.13 7

Debentures. See Loans.

Debtors, Infolvent	(amending

52 G. 3. c. 165.)	-	6

■	- — r-(Permanent

A&)	-	-	102.	*138

/— ----confined under Exchequer

Procefs (Allowance)	21

Diftillation (Corn prohibited)	7

.	«■ ■ ■ ■ (Sugar, encouraged) #5*

------------ (amending	ACto	for

regulating)	-	-	**45

. --------(Illicit, prevented) *148

Diftrefs (Gold Coin A&)	-	5

Dublin to Tarmonbury (Canal)

♦101

Baft India Company (Regulation) 155 Ecclefiaftical Courts (Regulation ) 127 Ele&iont, Controverted, (Trial) 71 » .	— (multiplying votes) 49

•---------(conveying Writs for) 89

Emoluments in Public Offices	**130

Endowed Schools of Public and Private Foundation	-	*107

Exchequer Bills. See Loans.

Excife Duties on Spirits (fecured) 147 —— French Wines (additional Duties)	34

—- Glafs (Duties) •	109

— Hides and Skins (colle&ing Duties) -	-	#6o

Exdfe Licences, (transferring to Executors, See.)	-	103

■— — ■	(Sale of Spirituous

Liquors, 8cc.)	-	m*?l7

------- Malt (additional Duties)	*56

----------(Colle&ion	of	Duty)	*74-

---------- (fecuring	Duties)	-	9

- — Muriate of Potalh (Duty) 97 C Parchments 1 (colle&ing

------1 Skins J Duties) 60

------Snuff (additional Duties)	3,4.

■■ —-----(Duties)	*57. *73

------Spirits from Corn or Grain

(additional Duty)	*94

■ - ■ -	 Sugar	(Duty)

—— — --------------Sugar	(ware-

housed, without Payment of Duty)	-	-	*52

------T obacco (additional Duties)	34

■ ■ ■ —-------(Duties) *j7 *73

------Vellum and Parchment (collecting Duties)	-	+6o

—— Wines, French (additional Duties)	-	-	34

Excifeable Articles (Verification of Books)	88

Exportation, Bermuda -	50

------------—Bounty on Goods

exported (Claim)	-	105

--------------Brafs, 5cc. (Prohibition repealed)	-	43

--------------Cnocolate, (addi«

tional Drawback)	•	11

--------- ----Clandcftine (prevented)--------	-	109

■■ ---------Corn, 8cc. to Newfoundland, 8c c.	3*

------------Cuftom Duties 33.109

-—• Drawbacks allowed 55

----—-	■ ■ Duty-free Goods

(Value of, afeertained)	98

— '	■ Manufa&ures of

Refufeor Wade Silk (Bounty)	30

------------Newfoundland 67

-----------------------—	Ribbons made of

Silk miled with Inkle or Cotton (Bounty)	-	135

------------South America 67

■----------- Spirits from Great

Britain to the Ifle of Man, fufpended	-	- no

............  Spirits	from Ireland, allowed -	f- no

Exportation,



INDEX TO THE PUBLICK (JENERAL ACTS, $3° GEO. III. f

Cap.

Exportation, Stuffs of Silk ornamented (Bounty) -	125

7	Bounties I 3*1

-Sugar, I

Drawbacks 3 *32 —" '	—	■	Tobacco,	Carrot

(Drawback)	•	105

——----------- Weft	Indies	-	67

-------	Wine,	Spanifh	Red

(Drawback)	-	8

Pees (Public Offices) -	*130

Felons, &c. (Tranfportation of) 39 Felony without Benefit of Clergy 162 Fire Arms (proving)

Fifh, (Salt feized, fold Duty-free for curing)

(Salt Duty-free for curing)

llS

22

124

in

97 95

97

70 5 7

#I43

Fifhery (Southern Whale)

Fleet Prifon (Relief for Prifoners) 113 Flux for Glafs, Muriate of Potafh arifing in Manufa&ure of, ( Glafs Makers difpofing of)

Funded Debt,. Public,

Glafs Makers ( difpofingofMuriate of Potafh)

—----Sellers of (chargingadditional

Duties) -Gold Coin,

Grain (Diftillation)

Grand Canal Company (Applica tion of Money granted tol Grand Juries ( Bridges and Tolls prefenting) #	-	-	*77

Gratuities in Public Offices *130 Gun Barrel Proof Houfe (Birmingham)	-	-	11	j

Hair Powder (from Wheat prohibited )	-	-	2

(Repealed c. 23. $ 1.)

Hides, Sellers of (charging additional Duties)	-	70

■	—	and Skins (colle&ing

Duties)	•	-	*60

HolyT rinity (impugningDo&rine) 160 Horfes (Duties and Taxes) *59 Hufbandry (Carriagesemployed in) 82 Hu dings and Poll Clerks (Weft-minder)	-	-	J52

Importation (additional Duties) 33.

•55.105

—	Banlla (additional

Duty repealed)	.	105

—■ --------Bermuda -	50

—	Britifh or Irifh-made

Spirits (fufpended)	-	7

S3 Geo. Ill,	4

Cap.

Importation, Cuflom Duties 33. 105

■	■	■—	Drawbacks and

Bounties -	-	*55

■	-----Newfoundland	67

-----  —----Pearls (Dutiesaltered) 105

----------— Rice (additional Duty) 10

------------Rum or other Spirits

(from Well Indies to Quebec) 37

■	-----South America	67

-----	-	Starch, Duties on (in

Part fufpended)	-	2.23

------------Weft Indies -	12.	67

--------	■ ■■■■■	under

Order in Council (Indemnity) ia

■	■ — -----Wine of Cape	of

Good Hope (Duty) -	84

-------------------(Spanifh Red) 8

Inland Navigation	-	#I44

Innkeepers (Diet fumifhing) 83 —■ - (Quartering Soldiers) 43 Jnfolvent Debtors (amending 52 G. 3. c. 165.)	6

--------------------  (Permanent

A&)	-	.	102.	*138

Jamaica and Saint Domingo (In-tercourfe prohibited) -	3

Judges (AnnuitiesonRefignation) 153 Juries, Grand (prefenting Bridges and Tolls) -	-	*77

Juftice (Adminiftration of)	24

Juftice of Peace (Manchefter and Salford) -	.72

Juftice8 of Peace (rating Wages,

Ac.)	40

Kilmainham Hofpital (Penfions) *154 King (Real and rerfonal Eftate) 14 King’s Bench Prifon (Relief for Prifoners)	-	-	113

Labourers (Juftices rating Wages,

&c.)	-	-	-	40

Land Tax -	-	14a

■ -------(Redemption) -	122

Letters and Packets (Poftage 1	*58

Licences, Excife, (transferred to Executors, &c.)	-	-	103

------ for Sale of Beer, &c.

by Retail -	-	**37

Life Annuities -	-	141

Loans, Annuities, Debentures, Exchequer Bills, and Treafury Bills 15,

16.	26, 27. 41, 42. 53. *61. 69.

♦80. 118,119. *156.161. Local Militia. See Militia.

London Penitentiary Hovife - ifia 3 L	Las*

 k^ooQle

INDEX TO THE PUBLICS GENERAL ACTS, js" GEO. IU.	n

London and Weftminfter (Coals, &c.)

Lotteries

'Exemption from Toll")

Cap.

*35

93

Mail,

(Scotland) repealed I ^ Rate of roftage as f Indemnity	J

— Coach Roads, Supervifors on, extended to Roads made and repaired by Preferment	*76

Male Servants (Duties and Taxes)

j 7

Malt (Annual Duties) -	15

Manchefter (Jullice of Peace) 72 Manure -	-	-	82

Marine Forces (Regulation) - 25 Marlhalfea Prifon (Relief for Pri-foners)	-	-	1x3

Mary le Bone Park (New Street)

121

Mates of Merchant Veflels under

21 (Bonds from)	-	47

Members of Parliament (Controverted Elections, Trial)	71

-	 Eledions

of (multiplying Votes)	49

------------------------(	Writs

for Eledion of)	-	-	89

Mehfal Lands (Archbilhops and Bifliups demifing)	-	*92

Military Expenditure (auditing Accounts in-Spain and Portu-pa!)	.	.	150'

Militia Adjutants (Allowahccs) go

{Amending Ads -	\	$1

Enlifting into Regulars, J

-------(Pay and Clothing) *79.96

--■* * (Raifing and Training) *48 -----— Serjeant Majors (Allowances)	-	90

— ■■ - Subaltern Officers ( Allowances)	-	-	*79.	91

—" ■ (Local) -	-	28,	29

---------------  (Pay	and	Clothing)

96

■— (Tower Hamlets) Services (extended to United Kingdom)	-	•	-	-	132

Miners (inliftmg into Regulars) 20 Muriate of Potato (Glass Makers difpofing of)	-	*97

Mutiny Ad (Army)	-	17

—-	(Marines) -	25

Cap.

Mutiny Ad. 5e*'Innkeepers. Soldiers. National Debt (Redemption)	35

Naval Penfions •	-	*86

Navigation (Inland) -	*144

Navy ((hipwrecked Seamen) -	£5

Nellon, Earl, (Annuity A& amended)	-	-	134

New Street (from Mary le Bone Park)	1* 1

Oath, Declaration in lieu of verifying Books of Dealers in Excile-able Articles)	•	8S

Officers of Cuftoms (Bonds from Mates of Merchant Veffeb	47

--------------------and	Excife,

feizing Salt, (Reward) -	22

-----------Marines	(Drawback of

Duties on Wines) -	44'

Offices and Employments (Dnties) 15

-- ----(Sale and Brokerage) 54. 129

Order in Council, Importation into Weft Indies under (Indemnity)	-	- *	12

Palmer John, Efq. (^50,000. to) 7 Pari to Churches (Scites ot)	*66

Parliament, Controverted Elections (Trial)	-	-	71

----------, Eledions of Members

(multiplying Votes) -	49

------------ Public Salaries, &c.

Increafe of, laid before	86

—	-.....Weftminfter, Elec-

tions for (Huftings and Poll Clerks)	-	-	1^2

—	- ----- Writs	for Eledions

(conveying)	-	-	89

Paymafter General of Forces	100

Penitentiary Houfe -	-	162

Penfions (Annual Duties) -

-------- (Kilmainham Hofpital) *154

--------- (regulating Grants)	86

--------- (Widows of Military

Officers relieved from Stamp Duties on Receipt of)	-

Perceval,Spencer,Efq. (Confirmation of Renunciation of Penfions) 122 Perfonal Eftates (AnnualDuties) ij Pilots (Cinque Ports)	-	140

Plantations (Veflels carrying Paf-fengers to)	-	-	36

Poll Clerks and Huftings (Weft- * minfter Eledion)	-	152

Polock (Salt Duty-free for curing) 124

Por.



lIXL/LiV XV me. ruuiiiviv	nv^>	53	Ul»*

Cap

Portugal (auditing Account! of M iitary Expenditure) •	150

'Exemption from Toll on Mail in Pod Office, <	Scotland rrpealt d ^ 6S

Rates of Poilage as Indemnity

---------- Duties	-	-	*58

■ ■ - ---(50,000 to John Pal-

nvr Etq.	-	-	157

Poll Roads	.	•	*14.6

r l\dl matter General (AfEftant Secretary' franking)	-	13

Pot.ifli, Murhtoof, (Glafs Makers dnpuli g of )	-	-	97

Piic s <»f Work (Jnlliwcaof	Peace

felting)	-	-	40

Priz s (American)	-	63

Promiflory Notes (reifluablc) 108 Public Accounts (auditing)	150

—------ Funded Debt (charge of) 95

■	-	■ Money ( Mode of receiving

&c )	-	-	*130

r-— Officers (Allowances) 86

■	---Offices 1 Fees, &c. in) *130

Salaries (Grants regulated) 86

-------Stores (Stat. 9 5c 10 VV.3.

c, 41. extended to ail)	-	126

Ray (Salt Duty free for curing) 124 Redemption and Sale of Land Tax 123 Regitlrar of Admiralty' (Office regulated)	-	•	'	Ijl

Regular Forces (Militia enlifting) 81

■ ■ ■ ------ (Miners	entitling)	20

Roads, made. See. by Prefentmeut *76

-------(Pod) -	-	*146

Roman Catholics (Relief)	-	128

Royal Canal Company (dilTolved)*Ioi Saint Domingo and Jamaica (In-tercourfe prohibited) -	3

Sale and Brokerage of Offices 54. 129 Salford (Juftice of Peace)	-	72

Salt, Duty-free (for curing Fifh) 124 feized, (Com mi IE oners of Excife felling, Duty-free) -	22

Salvage	-	-	87

Scate (Salt Duty-free for curing) 124 Schools, endowed ( Public and Private Foundation)	-	*107

Scotch Creditors (Payment)	65

Seamen fhipwrecked -	85

Secretary to Poftmafter General, Affiftant (franking)	-	13

Cap.

Servants, Mak (Dutiesand Taxes)*§9 Seffion (Court of )	-	-	64

Seffion Houfes (building)	#I3*

Ship Owners (Fiaudson)	87

------------(Refponfibuity of )	139

Shipwrecked Seamen	-	85

Silver Tokens of Bank of Ireland (counterfeiting)	-	*ic6

Six Clerks (Court of Chancery in Inland)	-	-	*129

Slave Trade	-	-	112

Snuff (Annual Duties)	-	15

------- Sellers of (charging additional Duties)	-	70

Soldiers (Innkeepers quaitering) 4^

— ------------------- (Diet	furnim-

ing on March)	- -	83

—	--Trial of (Offences committed beyond Seas)	-	991

Southern Whale Fifhery (Ships) ill Spain, (auditing Accounts of Military Expenditure) in -	150

Spirits, Britifh or Irifh-raadc (Importation fufpended)	-	7

■	11 (diftilled from Corn or

Grain)	-	*	“	94

--------Diflillation of (amending

A els regulating)	-	*145

, -------- — — Illicit (prevented)* 148

....... from Corn or Grain

(prohibited) -	-	7

■	.............. Sugar	(encou-

raged	*52

-	(Excife Duties fee u red) J47

.	----Exportation from Great

Britain to Ifle of Man (fufpended)	-	-	-	HO

—--------- •	 a,	Ireland	to

Ifle of Man (allowed)	-	*110

------- made from Sugar (Duties) .	-	-	*7

Spirituous Liquors (Licences to Retail)	-	-	#I37

Stage CoacheB (Duties fccured) 108 Stamp Duties, Regulations	108

-	...	— Widows of Mili-

tary Officers relieved from, (Receipt of Penfions)	-	*5l

Starch (from Wheat prohibited) 2 ( Repealed, c. 23. § I.)

Stipendiary Curates	-	149

Stores of War, Stat. 9 & 10 W. 3, c. 4t. for preventing Embezzlement

 LjOOQle

INDEX TO THE PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS, 53"GEO. HI.

Cap.

ment of, extended to all Public Stores -	-	126

Sugar (Annual Duties) -	15

Bounties 7 on Exporta* b Drawbacks J tion of, 31, *3 2

I

•3‘ *52

-from

{

—. Brewing Beer)

'Countervailing Duties) ^Diftillation of Spirits) f Guadaloupe Mariegalante Martinique Saba

Saint Euftatia ^....-	Martin

—	Spirits made from (Duties)

—	Warehoufmg Spirits diftil-led from, without Payment of Duty

—— Worts or Wafh made from (Duties)	-	-	7.

Supcrvifors on Mail Coach Roads (extended to Roads repaired by Prefentment)	-	*76

Tarmonbury from Dublin (Canal)

#IOI

62. *io4» 10 5

*52

*47

Taxes (Affeffed)

Teller of the Exchequer, Penfions granted to Spencer Perceval, IJfq. renounced on taking Office of Timber ufed in Cornwall and Devon Mines (Drawback)

Tithes (Recovery)

Tobacco (Annual Duties)

-	■	■■ ■■ and Snuff, Sellers of

*59

122

10 5 127 15

70

(charging additional Duties) Tokens (other than Bank Tokens) circulating	-	19.	114

-------(Silver) of Bank of Ireland, (counterfeiting)	#ic6

Toll on Carnages employed in Hulbandry	-	82

Cap.

Tower Hamlets Militia, Services extended to United Kingdom 132 Tranfportation of Felons, &c.	39

Treafury, Commiffioners of (Exchequer Bills on Credit of Aids,

&c. iffuing)	-	-43.

---------Bills (One per Cent, on

Amount iffued to Commiffioners of National Debt) -	*120

-------------See Loans.

Trinity (impugning Do&rine) 160 Turnpike Roads -	-	82

Vice Chancellor (Appointment) 24. Vote of Credit 1^5,000,000	-	161

Voting at Ele&ions (fplitting, 5cc. Intereil in Houfes and Lands for)	-	49

Wages, &c. for Artificers, Scc.

(Juitices of Peace rating)	-	40

Warehoufmg Spirits diftilled from Sugar without Payment of Duty	-	-	*52

Wellington, Marquis of, (Grant for Eftate)	•	4*	x33

Weftminfter Ele&ion (Huttings and Poll Clerks) -	-	152

Weymouth Ele&ion	-	49

Whale Fifhery	.	-	hi

Wheat, 5cc. Starch, 5cc. made from (prohibited)	-	2

(Repealed, c.23. f 1.)

Widows of Military Officers (relieved from Stamp Duties on Receipt of Penfions)	-	*51

Windows (Duties and Taxes)	*59

Windfor Foreft (inclofing) -	158

Wine (Licences to retail)	#I37

Wines, Drawback of Duties on, (Officers of Marines)	-	44

Wreck and Salvage	-	87

Writs for Ele&ions (conveyingj	89

